“You told the cashier you picked it up by mistake.” Cas’ voice is unreadable.
As they all crowd into the kitchen, all conflict seemingly forgotten (never forgotten, pushed away, if you don't look at it it isn't there). John largely ignores Cas, but shares stories of Sam and Dean growing up that have nothing to do with hunting, things Dean had forgotten about, like the time Sammy learned how to escape his high chair and became almost impossible to hold down for meal time, or when Dean had put on a thanksgiving play using all of his and Sammy's toys when they'd had to miss the one at school. Mary talks about what they've gotten up to lately, how the music these days is nothing like it was. Cas mentions that Dean must agree, because the tape he gave him was all Zeppelin. Dean's heart freezes as his eyes meet his father's after that, but while there is a knowing look is John's eye, he shakes his head and moves on to the next tale-- this time about Dean refusing to let anyone else hold Sam when Sam was first born.
"I am not 'kept.'" Cas had his hackles up. Great.
“Enough, both of you.” Cas turns to Dean. “You should not aggravate yourself further after your seizure. You need to rest.”
“I’ve been called worse.” He paused as Dean continued his litany of insults murmured into his shoulder. “I thought you would be uncomfortable with what I said. I was unsure you would want me here. But Jack said--”
Cas is incredibly fun to write for, but also kind of difficult because there is so much going on in his head, and he rarely understands himself completely.
“I’ve been resting all fucking day.” Dean growls. “Didn’t seem to stop anything.”
He remembered his Father's voice, His light, strong enough to destroy stars and create them anew as he argued with his Sister. He remembered perching inside a nebula with his brothers and watching his Father forge his first weapons, remembered Michael clutching anxiously at the stardust around them and Gabriel holding tight to his wings to stop him from bursting out and revealing himself to Father. (Father, of course, had known they were there, but they had been so young, and the tiny hint of rebellion was endearing then.) Father wanted to protect them at first- he battled the Darkness alone for thousands of years as the molten rock that was the Earth began to cool and life first emerged. To keep them occupied while he was away, he had given each of them a ball of Light and instructed them to design creatures to inhabit the new planet. During lulls in the battle, Father would return and review their designs. Those He liked received Life and were given a part in the Great Plan. Lucifer himself had designed dinosaurs. He'd wanted his creatures to be huge, far bigger than Raphael's spiders or Gabriel's platypus (Gabriel was always strange). Father had laughed when he showed Him his design, chided him gently for his hubris in making something so large, but breathed Life into them anyway.
“Alright.” He rolls onto his back, reaching to his bedside table to pick up the Rubik’s cube he’d left there. Dean snorts next to him.
“Cas, I just…” He just what? How had it wound up in the cart? “I wasn’t thinking.”
I hope you enjoy!
“I want to try it, though!”
"I've met Thor." The angel said conversationally. "He was even more impulsive than portrayed in the movie. And his beard was much larger. To be honest, I always found Frigg easier to deal with than Odin or Thor. Though of course, after what happened with Lucifer... who knows what state they're in. No one has heard from them- though I assumed that the increased number of hurricanes that year were at least in part caused by Thor's ire."
All these years, so many crashes and rebuilds later, Sam still can’t believe Dean had pushed those back in every time. Sam puts the car in drive, his eye catching on the toy soldier still dutifully shoved in the ash tray as he backs out of the parking lot. He remembers getting the soldier stuck when he was six years old, pretending it was fending off a hoard of werewolves. Remembers being afraid John would be angry, remembers Dean preempting their father’s reaction by saying he’d done it, and that Sammy would sleep better with the soldier watching over them. Remembers a rare laugh from John, his huge hands ruffling both their hair, a warm rumbling voice saying, “I’ve been meaning to quit smoking, anyways.” He remembers waking up that night to see the soldier’s helmet and the tip of its little plastic gun silhouetted in the window and feeling safer, just like Dean had said.
“You’re a walking hallmark card.” Dean grumbles, glaring first at Sam and then at Cas. Whatever he sees on Cas’ face must soften him, because he lets out a sigh. “Whatever. I guess I’m gonna go ‘rest’ in bed.” He shoulders past Sam and walks towards his room. Cas goes to follow, and Sam stops him with a hand on his shoulder.
It amazes Castiel, how much is said without words.
“They do, though.” Cas pauses again for a long moment, draining his mug before setting it and Dean’s down on the end table. “You may not see it. Or perhaps you choose not to. But they do care. And they do worry, just as I do. Sam does, especially.”
“I’m proud of you, Dean.” Cas says softly. He gives a rare, toothy smile, and Dean suppresses a laugh at the sight of blue specks of toothpaste lingering at the corners of his lips.
"Thanks, Cas, but..." Sam saw Cas frown and shook his head, leading them towards the appropriate section of the store. "Never mind. I'm glad you want to help. Anyway, the idea is to avoid the stubbed toes all together. We uh... We need nightlights."
“Where do you think those stories come from…?” Cas started, then in a very human gesture he threw up his hands in defeat. “Never mind, there is clearly no talking to you. Forget I said anything.” And he turns around and strides to his room, ignoring Dean's half hearted protest. He tells himself that he is not hurt.
And Dean can't really argue with that. He allows himself to trace the lines of Cas' hand where it rests on the bottle he still hasn't drunk from.
He's a good dog. And he stays.
Castiel did not turn to look at the door. He was cocooned in the old grey blanket that Dean had given him while he was fighting Rowena's attack dog spell, glazed eyes staring at the television where an animated, purple dog was being emotionally abused by his male owner. Somewhere inside him, his flagging grace perked up at Dean's presence.
"It's for night time." Cas explained gravely. "Sam does not want me to heal your toes any longer, so you must be prevented from stubbing them."
And he was. It was a start.
” Cas stares at him a moment, and Dean tilts his head in apology, inviting him to continue speaking. “I know you are not unaware of your… inclination towards alcohol, in times of stress. I know that it is something that important people in your life have shared. Your father. Bobby Singer.”
Third: I'm doing my best to handle these issues with the seriousness they deserve. Feel free to let me know if I should tag something or if something is harmful, but also remember to be kind.
“So Castiel can’t have any. Because he doesn’t brush.”
"This is the one thing she does. It's Winchester Surprise. You'll like it."
“Yeah, Cas, it's great. It's more than great.” Dean shifted uncomfortably- Cas had been keeping him warm, but had not been able to keep the snow from soaking in to his weather- inappropriate shoes.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel stood in his trench coat, no black ooze clinging too his body, a nervous look on his face. Next to him stood Jack, who wore a sheepish grin.
"That box is not an option."
“Yeah, you’re right. Let’s just make sure you get them in the right place.”
When the peace ended, it ended with fire. The Darkness returned with a vengeance, and the archangels went to war again. Lucifer recalled watching in despair as she hurled a huge, blazing meteor at the Earth with one hand while holding Michael's wings in the other. Lucifer had been faced with a choice- his brother or his dinosaurs. He and Father had moved together to save Michael from the Darkness, of course (because he loved Michael, in spite of everything), but the dinosaurs were wiped from existence. He and Gabriel had left Raphael with their Father while they carried Michael to a spot behind the moon where he could heal, and Lucifer had raged at the destruction of his creations. He hurled his own meteors, pummeling the surface of the moon until it was covered in craters. As soon as Michael was stable, he flung himself back into battle, wings blazing as bright as the sun, and the darkness knew Lucifer's wrath that day. He fought and clawed and shocked even Father with his fury. Finally, after the Darkness had pushed their line right back to Earth's atmosphere, Father had taken him aside.
“You had a seizure.” Sam cuts in as the two Spocks salute each other on the screen. Dean’s eyes flash up to him, now as sharp as ever. “Looked tonic.”
“Bobby was older than me.” Dean says after a long moment. “And he didn’t have a head start like you healing him.”
Proceed with caution!
Jack is four years old. And he is happy.
Something about Dean Winchester always makes his control over his human vessel just a bit more tenuous. This time, when he glances at Dean’s lips, he can feel the rhythmic pulsing of blood rushing into his penis. Castiel looks down, considers his still-thickening erection with what
“Cas?” Dean’s frozen in place in the middle of his bed, staring up at a ghost.
Eventually, they’ll have to talk and strategize and somehow figure out how to save the world again. Dean knows this.
and nothing has ever been this right in the history of goddamn
Sam was pulling this peacemaker shit again.
Cas had promised. Only he was thinking in terms of ‘as the angel flies’ and not ‘western New York backroads during a snowstorm.’ Dean’s been white-knuckling the steering wheel for a good forty-five minutes, ever since they took that exit off of Highway 400.
Once he pulled away from Dean’s mouth, Castiel collapsed to the floor in a sweaty, rumpled heap, his legs no longer willing to exert the effort required to remain upright. Panting, his chest still heaving, he dared a glance in Dean’s direction and found him grinning, wide and utterly cheeky.
As he took a second sweep of the silo, and then a third—just for good measure—Dean tried to tune out Sam’s voice, echoing in the hollow space of the building even though he was speaking quietly. He tried and failed to tune it out, to ignore the increasing desperation in his brother’s muttered pleas, because each one hit like a sucker punch deep in his gut.
Dean slides his thumb through the bead of liquid pearled at the tip of Cas’ dick, then brings it to his mouth. Cas watches hungrily, his eyes glazed and heavy-lidded, as Dean licks the precome off, then closes his mouth around his thumb and sucks.
He’s sober.
“So beautiful for me, my love,” Castiel’s voice wraps around Dean like a security blanket as he murmurs endearments and words of praise between spanks. He continues his onslaught for minutes or hours, Dean can’t tell. Time loses meaning. It doesn’t matter, anyway. Nothing does, nothing beyond his Master’s hand, the soothing rumble of his voice. Dean lets go, gives himself over completely to sensation; he submits, wholeheartedly, to the will of his lover, his partner, his Master. And in this submission, he feels truly free.
his eyes never leaving Castiel’s face, Dean dragged that cursed zipper pull down, tooth by infuriating tooth. When he finished, approximately three eons after he began, Dean winked, gave his eyebrows a wicked little waggle, and then poked just the tip of his tongue into the newly opened space in Castiel’s trousers. The tease of it, that delicate little hint of a caress along his boxer-clad shaft, hit Castiel with the force of a bullet.
The world spins even further off its axis, and suddenly, Dean’s doubled over as days’ worth of whiskey and bile make their violent exit from his body.
“I believe you can make it to your bedroom on your own.” Castiel’s voice wobbled as he began to prise Dean’s fingers loose from his shoulder, and for the thousandth time since it happened, Castiel cursed Metatron for his humanity. For forcing him to live out a mortal life in a body as frail as his own resolve. For giving him the pathetic existence that he deserved.
He pockets the quarter and turns to rest his back against the driver’s door, grinning like a goddamn fool when he sees Cas watching him. Dean feels like a kid again, all butterflies in his stomach and giddy at the heat from Castiel’s hand in his. His cheeks flush, and he ducks his head to hide the blush, looking back up through his lashes as though Castiel is the sun, and Dean will implode if he looks at him directly. “Heya, Cas,” he says, tugging his lower lip between his teeth, suddenly bashful like a some sort of blushing virgin.
that nobody else does. If Dean stops to think about it, it can be overwhelming. So he doesn’t.
Dean let his head fall back and closed his eyes while he waited. Just for a bit, while Sam took the long-ass way from wherever he was to open the stupid magic door. And so what if he started to doze off? Fuck you, Sammy. Whatever.
Dean’s tongue is suddenly too big for his throat, too heavy in his mouth to speak, so he nods instead, his mouth gaping like a goddamn goldfish.
and, most important,
Washing dishes, likewise, had been a mistake. “For fuck’s sake, Cas, we gotta a dishwasher for a reason,” Dean said, rolling his eyes, as he grabbed the dish brush from Cas. “You’re just wastin’ time doing shit by hand.”
, and Dean doesn’t care a single lick about how the bolt of the chain lock is digging into his back because Cas is mouthing wet kisses up Dean’s neck, teeth grazing the skin straining against the tendon, and Dean’s legs may have turned into jelly. But who cares, that’s abso-fucking-lutely
Dean gulps an awkward breath of air and then let’s go, singing along loud off-key at the chorus. “You shook me alllll night long,” he starts, finally daring to dart his eyes toward Cas, who’s just staring at him all delighted, like he’s a basket full of kittens and pie, “yeah
that has Cas shaking his head.
“Dammit, Sam!”
And then Cas is kissing him again, wild and hungry, even as he’s pressing Dean down into the memory foam soft and gentle, like Dean’s something precious, something you take care of, and it’s all so much Dean forgets he’s supposed to panic at feeling another dude’s dick rubbing up against his own. Because…because
Breathing was a thing that humans did, right? He needed to do that. How did he do that again?
Days. It had only been
The first blow catches him off guard, sharp and hard enough to throw him off balance. Dean hisses, can’t control that sharp intake of breath jarred out by the impact. Cas chuckles behind him, rumbling and dark and dangerous, and it makes Dean’s cock twitch.
Leaning back against weathered red vinyl, Dean reaches for his coffee. Because of course Cas has already ordered it for him.
it. Knows it and pushes him to do it anyway, the bastard, because he also knows that there’s little Dean won’t do for his Master.
“If you could just let me get the door behind you,” he trailed off and waited as Dean rolled, obediently, toward the top of the stairs, “just…be careful.”
me, sweetheart,” Dean scolds, “and that means you gotta use actual words.”
. He knew that, and the knowledge echoed through his mind like a klaxon, so harsh and loud it hurt to think, made him wince with the effort of it all. Wishing like hell he could drown out that bleak reality, at least for a little while, Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, and gave the tiniest shake of his head.
Cas is still holding his hips, but now he’s lifted him up and away, severing every other point of contact between them, and Dean wants to
Another featherlight brush against his knee, and Castiel’s breath hitches in his throat. The atmosphere sizzles around them, the air gone hot and heavy against his skin, and he’s not sure why. Across the table, Dean chews at that bottom lip as the fingertips of his right hand idly tap out part of the drum intro to “Rock and Roll” against the worn, metal-covered edge of the table. His eyes flicker down for a moment, toward Castiel’s mouth, it seems, before he turns his head entirely to gaze out the window.
Speaking of dicks, he thinks, his is harder than goddamn steel right now, pulsing with need each time Cas’ slides against it. He didn’t even get a
“But they frolic, Dean,” Cas says, all earnest and eager. “They have been known to use tools, and they remember human faces, and they
“Dean—“ Cas tries to interrupt him, but Dean stops him, covers those beautiful lips with his rough palm. He can feel Cas swallowing, still chewing on the inside of his lip.
His pupils blown wide, Cas nods, speechless.
Castiel, former Angel of the Lord, current human boyfriend (god, that makes Dean sound like a fucking teenage girl) of human disaster, Dean Winchester. And he’s just sitting there, head tilted and squinting at Dean like he’s a riddle, a mystery. Some equation to be solved, a tangled web to be unraveled with enough time and quiet contemplation.
.” Cas stutters, his whole body trembling, when Dean gets his hand around Cas’ cock, slides the pad of his thumb across the slit, down the cleft to massage his frenulum. And, yeah, maybe blowjobs will have to wait because hearing Cas swear has Little Dean ready to shoot off. There’s always next time, right?
When they finally break apart again, Dean is the one to speak.
“Be sure to close the door behind you,” Cas instructs, and Sam immediately complies.
It ain’t smooth or suave, the way his teeth catch on the rough skin of Castiel’s chapped bottom lip, the way their noses bump together; no, it’s awkward as fuck, but it still sends fireworks shooting up and down his whole damn spine.
Dean may break a couple of traffic laws after that.
When a message came back a couple minutes later, Dean squinted at the screen, attempting to make sense of the swirl of letters for what felt like an hour. Okay, maybe he was a
And all the while, Cas keeps fucking him, fucks him through his aftershocks, thrusting deep and hard into Dean’s spasming hole, building to his own climax.
Never met her.
Hesitant, Castiel reaches forward, lets his own hand, disturbingly moist with perspiration, take gentle hold of Dean’s. And just like that, he remembers the intricate processes necessary for human speech, enough to breathe out a response, soft and surer than any words uttered by any vessel he’d ever occupied in these long millennia. “Yes, Dean.”
“Alright, man. Show me.”
Overwhelmed by the intensity of…of
It takes a bit, but eventually their movements sync up, awkward rutting giving way to a rhythmic push and pull as they rock together, and Dean can feel the orgasm coiling up at the base of his spine like a snake getting ready to strike. Cas is chanting something in Enochian as he licks and sucks up and down Dean’s neck, and Dean just babbles in response, not sure if he’s actually saying words or just moaning.
All of it a lie, a happiness he never actually had.
“Dean?” Sam’s movements were jerky, uncoordinated as he looked around. “
“Don’t be shy, sweet cheeks,” Dean cajoled. “You know you love it.”
being a giant ass?” As the old dishwasher rumbled to life, Dean turned slowly, crossing his arms as he leaned back against the counter, still wet from Cas hand washing the damn dishes. Goddammit, now his ass was wet, too.
Cas is sitting at a small table at the window, two large bags resting by his feet, by the time Dean has collected their order. One signature latte and honey bun for Cas, and one of each for Dean, too. Plus a slice of salted caramel apple pie, maybe to share.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says when Dean slides a mug over, smiling when he sees the bee made in the foam. For the next little while, they enjoy their drinks in companionable silence, with Cas happily people-watching the bustling of the shop and Dean watching Cas with just as much delight. When he takes a bite of his honey bun, Dean breaks that silence with a pleased moan that has Cas snapping to attention.
—just laughs against his mouth.
He’s upset. Dean hates to see his ang—his
“Still doesn’t get rid of the other shit.”
Something in Castiel’s gut clenched tight at the endearment, the sound of it as it rolled off Dean’s tongue, syrupy sweet and familiar, exuding that same comfortable, lived-in feeling as the cluttered kitchen.
His eyes glued to the road, Dean swallows, his tongue thick and heavy in his throat, and reaches to turn the radio up louder, for no other reason than to give his shaky hands (and mind) something to do.
“It’s just…that’s three days, man.” Dean pulled the inside of his left cheek between his teeth and bit down as hard as he could without flinching. Took another couple breaths and tried to tamp down the worry threatening to gnaw its way out of his gut. Tried not to worry about Cas going radio silent on them, especially now that he wasn’t invincible. Stubborn bastard, insisting on going off on his own. Dean reminded himself to breathe again. Then, upon noticing the taste of copper flooding his mouth, he relaxed his jaw so that the chewed up bit of his cheek fell free of his teeth.
Their shoulders brush as Cas edges past him in the vestibule with an annoyed huff and a roll of his eyes. He stalks toward an available booth, trench coat flapping behind him, while Dean heads for the restroom. Tossing the cup into the bin at the door, he goes to examine the damage to his coat in the mirror. Thankfully, it doesn’t seem any worse for wear. And it’s not like it hasn’t seen its share of gross things over the years.
But for now, all that can wait just a little longer.
His eyes lingering on Dean storming around the kitchen, Castiel continued back-stepping toward the hall until he met six and a half feet of human wall.
Castiel continues to mouth wet kisses along Dean’s throat as he alternates sharp tugs on Dean’s hair with featherlight strokes along his scalp that has Dean practically purring in his arms. All the while, Cas runs his other palm up and down Dean’s spine to a rhythm that matches that of Dean’s breathing.
“Wait a minute…so you’re tellin’ me they’re paying me off for the poop?” Dean can’t keep the incredulity out of his voice, even if it does make Castiel squint at him. Damn, Cas is cute when he squints.
“Sam,” Cas begins, his voice an odd combination of proud and shy, “I’d like you to meet Ampersand.”
And holy motherfucking goddamn
“No.” Dean goes back to browsing recipes on his phone, but can feel that goddamn stare, anyway, like it’s boring holes through his skull. Dammit. He looks back up to see Cas doing that confused little head tilt, and goddamn, it is
does he like what he sees, and he
Cas looked up at him from beneath his thick, dark eyelashes, and somehow managed to look simultaneously shy and annoyed. “
The problem with being between Cas and the exit, though, was that it meant Cas was between him and….well, anywhere else Dean coulda gone to escape that terrifying blue gaze. Dean could only manage it in short bursts, microseconds at a time, as he scanned the room for something,
of the Impala’s tires on the seams of concrete slabs. Eventually, Sam began to doze, his head lolling onto his shoulder, muffling his snores, and it left Dean to fret in relative solitude. Somewhere around the exit for Ashtabula, the rain that had been threatening to fall for hours finally broke loose. By the time they crossed into Pennsylvania, it was a bonafide downpour, the afternoon sky dark as night except for periodic bolts of lightning that slashed through the clouds, electrifying the darkness.
“Dean.”
“Good boy.” Cas takes a sharp inhale at the praise, his eyelids fluttering, and fuck, does Dean love him like this. Loves that he’s the one person in the whole goddamn world who gets to see Cas lose himself to pleasure.
—toward the fingerprint-smudged glass door.
Because it’s
“What do you mean?”
“Any time,
Pain was familiar…or so he thought. When he woke back into reality, phantom blood from his slashed wrists still sticky on his skin, Castiel realized he knew nothing.
“So beautiful,” Castiel babbled as he hurtled ever closer to the edge, letting the sentiment he’d held so close to his chest for years spill out, “so perfect for me. Love you so much, Dean.”
A blast of warm, dry air greets them as they open the door to the shop. “Welcome to the Honey Beanery,” calls a perky young woman from behind the counter, “let me know if I can help you find anything!”
Dean grins up at her, because yeah, she’s not wrong. His rumpled, bed-headed boyfriend is fucking hot. Ain’t nothing wrong with her appreciating the view.
deserve to be rewarded, now, don’t they? He wraps his hand around Cas’ swollen cock and starts to jerk him off in earnest. Puts more pressure into where his thumb toys with Cas’ pucker until the tip of it breeches the ring of muscle now gone pliant. Cas babbles his gratitude as Dean works him over, a litany of
“Holy mother of
He opens the box with a defiant huff, then unfolds the tissue paper encasing some sort of soft cloth inside. And then his face feels like it’s caught fire. The package contains a pair of silk panties and lacy camisole, both the same golden green as his eyes.
“Let yourself go. Fuck my throat.”
Castiel rested his head against the window and looked out the window, eyes unseeing, as the world passed him by.
“Cas,” he whines, sliding his palms up the planes of Castiel’s back, groaning as the muscles ripple at his touch. The skin beneath his hands is hot, hot enough that Dean wonders if it’s an angel thing, but only for a second or three because when Cas grinds down against his crotch, all thought abandons ship, leaving nothing but a litany of
Dean took a slow inhale, squared his shoulders, and tried to muster up a confidence he didn’t feel.
“You wanna look around first, then get something to drink?”
Some small talk, one fake ID and credit card swipe later,
“How ‘bout for you, sugar?” Angela turns her body slightly toward Cas, though her shining, hazel eyes stay locked on Dean.
“Look, I get it. You’re upset, but it’s not like he was trying to get hurt. It’s not like he went out looking for it.”
shook me all night
” Dean’s heart was beating so hard he had a moment of fear that he was about to get Looney Tuned. Cas dreamed of
) day.
Sarcastic angel aside, what Dean says apparently meets with the birds’ approval—what the fuck even his his life? Dean can’t help but wonder—and with a squawk and ruffle of feathers, they take flight. They quickly cover the remaining distance, hands still clasped between them. As Dean slides the quarter off the roof, he does a surreptitious damage check. Well, what he
; not now, with Dean so close, his mouth hot against him. Castiel’s hips bucked forward of their own volition, his body seeking more from Dean’s mouth. And to his delight, Dean obliged, pulling him through the opening of his boxers, his fingertips caressing down Castiel’s hard length as he lapped up the liquid collected at the tip with teasing kitten licks and delicate swirls of his tongue.
“‘kay, Cas.” Dean reaches for the box, shy and awkward all of sudden, and then hurries to the bathroom. Cleaning up in the fancy ass spa shower (seriously, what kind of shower has a fucking bench seat in it?) works to settle his nerves, even as it riles him up, thinking about getting himself ready for Cas. So maybe he lingers for a little while, enjoying all those extra shower heads and reconsidering his stance on shower sex. Later.
he reminded himself,
“You sure, man? You were out for days.” Sam was only trying to help, but it was too much. Castiel couldn’t take it. Not…not now, not after
The moment hangs in the ether, the two of them millimeters apart and hungry for more, but neither brooking the distance, and it stretches out for eons before Dean remembers he can move, can coax his head back up to look directly at Cas.
he likes his coffee—
“Hey there, handsome,” the waitress—Angela, the name tag reads—greets him like an old friend, squeezing his shoulder familiarly as she walks up behind him. “Are you two ready to order?” Her hair, a little lighter red than Charlie’s, is piled up on top of her head, with a couple of errant curls framing her face. Dean turns on the charm, sweeping his eyes up her body just slow enough to pinken her cheeks, and grins. “Mornin’, sweetheart,” he purrs, “and I think so. Cas?”
“Open your mouth, Dean.”
Cas mirrored the pattern of Dean’s breath—in, then out; in, then out—and his head began to clear. Reluctant yet determined, he willed his eyes to open and looked up, his vision clouded by unshed tears. His own desperate gaze met with a tenderness in those familiar golden green eyes that was anything but.
Dean stares at the box like it’s some sort of hex bag, all flustered, because he’s not used to this, to receiving spontaneous gifts. Or, y’know, having an adult relationship, take your pick.
—just at the sensation, the muscle memory of it, even though he knows it’s placebo at this point. A satisfied moan escapes his lips, and he doesn’t even try to hold back. The coffee is sweet, the bitterness countered by enough sugar to send a kid into space, because Cas knows how Dean likes it. Not how Dean
Cas takes in a long, drawn-out breath, then swallows, slow and deliberate. Dean is transfixed as he watches the angel’s throat, how his Adam’s apple bobs.
“Like hell we don’t, Sammy. It’s
Cas,” he stammers, struggling to take in all that newly bared skin, “
The next several smacks aren’t quite as unexpected, but they’re still so intense he can’t help but cry out. Cas isn’t holding back, and it fucking
does it light Dean up like nothing else to know that
“Just until I’ve figured out a way to handle the situation. Please, Sam.”
“An…an
“Dean,” Cas grumbles against
Rubbing his hands, red and tingling from the cold, Dean stomps his boots so that snow falls onto the thick rubber mat at the door, and smiles quietly to see Cas mimic his movements. Only without the hand-rubbing, since Cas’ large hands are currently tucked into a goofy pair of bright yellow woolen mittens, which, Dean has to admit, look pretty damn cozy now. He almost feels bad about mocking them when Cas had bought them.
Dean wills his jaw to work faster, because this ain’t the sort of thing to say around a mouthful of scattered, smothered, and covered. He swallows, quicker than is probably wise, but fuck it.
Everything progressed quickly after that first kiss, after Castiel let himself relax into the moment, into the promise of
“You’re…what…is it,” Dean’s voice trembles; any attempt at actual words getting lost somewhere between his head and his mouth, leaving nothing but a broken whisper. “Cas?”
Dean curled his hands into fists, the jagged edges of his bitten off nails digging into his palms to keep from smacking his unconscious brother upside the head. Dean should’ve been the one to pull Cas out. More profound bond and all, right? If he’d gone in, Cas would be out by now.
Cas is holding him, kissing him, tongue thrusting into his mouth to a rhythm Dean mimics with the roll of his hips, seeking out friction as his dick twitches in the tight confines of his jeans.
For long moments, Castiel stood there, transfixed, mesmerized by Dean’s unrestrained ebullience as he moved to the music, singing with abandon, without his usual pretense of off-key mediocrity. He lost himself in the beauty of it, allowed himself to melt into the buttery lilt of Dean’s voice, the hypnotic sway of his hips.
Dean paused his singing to grin over his shoulder, then held the soapy dish brush out toward Castiel. He waggled his eyebrows and nodded toward the plastic brush, currently dripping sudsy dishwater onto the tile floor, like he expected Castiel to
. The head tilt. Dean’s a sucker for that goddamn head tilt. He clenches his jaw so tight his teeth hurt, and Cas’ll definitely give him shit when he notices it. The angel’s lips quirk up in the tiniest suggestion of a smile.
much). But seriously, Cas must’ve had it spun from strands of angel down or some shit.
“Of course. I understand.” Cas isn’t looking at him anymore, is looking down at the table, and fuck if Dean don’t miss the weight of that million mile gaze. Cas’ chair squeaks against the floor as he pushes back from the table. His voice is barely audible as he continues, “ I apologize for bringing it up.”
does he
, so he forced himself to rein his shit in. Took a deep breath, swallowed down the bile rising at the back of his throat, sent a silent apology to Baby for the mistreatment.
“As you wish, beloved.” Dean feels a slight pressure as Cas rubs his hole, teasing the sensitive pucker with his fingertip before it goes all warm and slick. He chokes off a moan as that finger breeches his rim, throws his head back in pleasure at the smooth glide of it, at the surprisingly gentle stretch.
Castiel bristles at Dean’s crass dismissal. Ravens, like all members of the corvidae family of oscine passerines, are resourceful and intelligent, so much more than where and how they defecate. He cannot rein in the impulse to roll his eyes as a gesture of frustration, nor does he have the desire to do so. The more time he’s spent among the humans, the less interested he is in expending energy to maintain a disinterested facade. Likewise, and Castiel has to admit that the correlation has not gone unnoticed, the more time he’s spent around Dean, the more likely it is that he
Dean wants to spend the rest of eternity finding new ways to pull those sounds from Castiel’s lips.
Oh yeah,
“Of course, Dean.”
“What do you mean, you can’t get a read on him?”
, Dean shook himself back into awareness, pushed down the messy soup of emotions bubbling under his skin, and switched into Hunter mode.
“You got it.”
Castiel backs up a few steps, giving Dean space to enter the room as he takes in the sight before him. He’s down to his boxers and an undershirt now, so Dean can see the effect he’s having in real time, from the flush spreading across his chest to the way his cock is starting to chub up in those stupid white boxers.
Dean’s still staring at Cas’ neck when he turns to look at Dean again.
Cas is so close it takes a few blinks for Dean’s eyes to focus on him, to see that familiar tilt of his head, the squint of those sapphire eyes, the tiny part of those plush pink lips.
“Look, Cas, buddy…” Dean began, edging into the room.
“Good.” Dean says after a moment. “I’ve actually missed the kid.” And he had. Jack being gone had bothered him more than he likes to admit. The kid had such a lightness to him, despite… Well, Dean had plenty to be ashamed of there, including his own lingering anger. He rubs at his mouth again. “I’ll make pancakes.”
Dean never thought he’d get a dog.
“That's… me? You… Cas, did you move the stars for me?” Cas finally returned his attention to Dean.
It just was. It was their very own Batcave. Dean loved all the room, the privacy, the kitchen, the old weapons, the great water pressure that they never paid a bill for, and of course the very soft Dead Guy robe he'd found the second day there. Sam was slower to warm to the place- it was a great place to work, and the library and stores of ingredients were honestly beyond his wildest dreams, but they'd never been able to hold down a home before. At least not without it getting violently ripped from them. Yet even he came to love it for the history, for the peace it gave his brother, for the consistency of a bed to come home to... though there was one particular problem that needed to be addressed.
“And this requires us going outside.” Dean stated, somewhat apprehensive at what Cas could possibly have to give him that apparently couldn't fit in the bunker.
“I tried to get you pie.”
"Because God's sister was feeling charitable." John's voice was flat, and Dean forces out a laugh.
“You don’t understand.” Cas drops his head back on the couch to look up at the ceiling. “When I had my powers, there was no part of Dean that was hidden from me. I could have seen that seizure begin and stopped it within a microsecond. I could have done more even than that.”
“So? There’s no time limit on pancakes.” Dean rolls out of bed, pulling on his own shirts and jeans. “Don’t forget to brush your teeth.”
Castiel's grace sang sadly. Lucifer shoved him down, further into the vessel. What right did this seraph have to mourn the absence of their Father? He'd never met him, never known him… never even laid eyes on him. After the Darkness had been sealed away, God had withdrawn from all but his oldest children. The archangels, and little Metatron (that was another suck up- a lesser angel who thought himself far more important than he was), who became his scribe, were all that were permitted in his presence. It became the duty of the archangels to pass orders along from their Father to their siblings. Lucifer remembered very clearly the day Gabriel was told his platypus would soon come in to being. The archangel had been trembling with excitement and spiraled quickly down to the surface of the planet with one of the little brothers he was closest to to watch the platypus begin.
Sam’s eyes were filled with the same puppy dog tears that had broken Dean’s heart time and time again, but this time... Dean was at peace. This was their unwritten ending. No God writing their story, no demon deals, no cosmic interference. Just a hunt gone wrong. And Sammy was safe. He could let go, if only his baby brother would say he could.
“Cas, dudes don't buy other dudes porn. That's- that's not how that works.” Castiel squinted at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"There is no outlet near the bathroom." Cas said. He was looking away from the shelves now. "What are those for?"
“Look…?” But Cas had already lifted his eyes to the night sky. Dean followed his gaze and was barely able to contain a gasp.
Dean looks at Cas, at his chapped lips and blue eyes and stubbly cheeks. He can have this, he thinks distantly. He can have this, even if what Cas asks in return is so big… so...
He knows that he loves his dads just as much as the little boy from the park loves his. He's content. He's just turned four.
"Dean likes this character." Cas said abruptly. He indicated a box featuring a light shaped like Captain America's shield. "We watched two of the movies featuring him together. He believes that Steve Rogers is 'bad-ass'"
Dean still couldn't speak. His brain was barely processing what had just been said. He'd known, of course, that Cas cared for him- the guy had given up everything for his sake, after all. He cared for Cas too- not something that he often admitted out loud, even to himself. Love, though… that was a concept he had long since stopped allowing himself the luxury of considering, except perhaps in his deepest dreams. And yet here Cas was, speaking it aloud so matter-of-factly, as though it were something tangible, something possible.
Cas continues glaring. The cashier coughs, and Dean chooses the lesser of two evils.
“Hey. Cas is calling Jack home.” Dean says, walking in to peek over Sam’s shoulder. He sees something about varieties of djinn before Sam flips his book closed.
"If I was a normal... if I was four years old. Physically. Would... you still want me?"
“Dean.”
Crowley sounded relieved when he finally answered his cell phone.
"I'll drink to that." He says.
“I’ll have you know I resurrected him in perfect condition.” Cas sounds irritated, almost offended. “And even if that weren’t the case, surely you know that it was affecting his life. His ability to maintain relationships, his ability to attain peaceful sleep.”
Dean winces, takes a breath.
"It ain't hard to figure out, Cas." Dean shrugs. He goes to take a swig from the bottle and is startled when Cas is suddenly in his bed, stopping him from taking the drink.
“Fun, she says. It’s a grocery trip.” Dean shakes his head.
Cas’ mouth trembles in what might have been a smile, and Sam congratulates himself on his word choice, even as his heart aches again. He and Dean both need to let Cas know how much they appreciate him more often.
“You're still a goddamn Disney princess for making me do this.”
“What do you mean?” Sam nudges Cas’ socked foot with his own. “Getting him to quit isn’t a bad thing, Cas—”
“You are, Dean. You never let yourself see it. That's why I made this for you. I want you to see some measure of what I see inside you.” Cas smiled tenderly at Dean and gently tilted his head up to the sky once more. “Look- you are not without darkness. I know this. But the darkness in you makes the light shine even more brightly- like the stars in the night. This is you, Dean. This is what you are to me.”
"Actually, Cas, can you help me translate this book? It has more information on the pearl and what's happening, and my eyes are gonna go cross if I read another word of Latin."
"Whatever, I'm going back to bed."
Dean stopped the car at a familiar dock where fishing equipment was neatly arranged on the side. He stepped out to the end, took in the view. The air smelled cleaner than any he’d ever breathed in life. He wouldn’t have to wait long, he knew--
Takes place circa season 8, with Castiel at full power (and then some, probably).
“Oh, he’s Robert now?”
Cas hesitates—it will be a difficult week, and hardly incentivizing. He has to raise the stakes.
“Okay, fine, so the angelic exorcism probably exists. That means we probably have it here somewhere.” Sam said, getting up to pull another book from the shelf.
“I… I'm not...”
“That's part of the surprise… though I will need to fly you there.”
"Woah, Cas, not those." Sam laughed. He reached for some simple strings of white lights instead. "These are better."
“Dean?”
And now here he was, facing this creature once again. It was not out of loyalty to his Father (wherever he had flapped off to), or to his brothers (
“Fine, it's considered. And it doesn't change anything. Let's get back on the road, I want to get to this place before midnight.”
"No, Dean, you don't understand-"
"What's with the waterworks, then?" His voice is gruff.
“Seeds, Cas?” Sam asks quickly. Too quickly, Dean notes with some irritation. His brother is not as subtle as he thinks.
Dean lets out a long, beleaguered sigh and rests his forehead on the wheel for a second before looking back at Eileen.
Dean adjusts, Eileen is awesome, and Cas wants a garden.
As always, alcoholism is a serious problem. If you or someone you know needs help, I urge you to reach out to professionals in your area. It is not advisable to detox at home without medical help.
“Good boy.” He’d whisper hoarsely. “Good boy, Miracle.”
“My loyalties lie exactly where they always have- with myself. It's not that I don't adore you, Squirrel. I just love myself more. At any rate, I certainly didn't think it would take you this bloody long for you to realize your boyfriend was out of sorts. Now, I assume you have a plan of some sort, because if not I'm going to have to kindly ask you to bug off before Lucifer gets it in his head to track me down.”
Cas lowers his gaze to his hands for a moment, his fingers rubbing over his coffee mug in what Dean has come to recognize as a self-soothing gesture. He wants to take Cas’ hands in his own, soothe him himself. He doesn’t.
“Yeah, yeah. My mind is open. No opener mind than mine.” Dean grumbles, but he twines his fingers with Castiel’s and draws their joined hands to his lips. Cas’ breath catches in his throat as Dean’s full lips brush over his fingertips. As an angel, his nerves could never have been set so aflame by so gentle a touch. “It’s a big change, Cas.”
“It probably will be, Cas.” Dean says, cavalier. “Hunts haven’t stopped coming in, or gotten any less dangerous. But someone has to do it—”
“Breakfast for dinner?” Sam’s voice is far to judgy for someone who once subsisted on Lucky Charms alone. He should bring that up to Eileen, Dean reflects. She might get a kick out of it.
“Because that's what his mother would want him to do.”
Sam grimaces as he lifts a third pack of Gatorade into his basket at the local Gas ‘N’ Sip. He had helped Cas do the research, he’d known, intellectually, what this week would be like. To face it though… that has been another matter entirely. It had started mild enough that Sam had foolishly hoped Dean would be lucky- that somehow, he would be spared the worst parts of alcohol withdrawal. Unfortunately, it hadn’t worked out that way.
“I don’t understand what that was.” Cas says plainly, turning his head to meet Dean’s eyes. “I liked what we were doing. Very much so.”
“Of course, sir.” She takes the beer and puts it under her register, her eyes darting between him and Cas curiously. “Anything else?”
The usual TW in this chapter for alcoholism, withdrawal, and recovery applies, but I would say more so here than in previous chapters. Please stay safe and check the end notes for more detailed warnings.
"Well," John rubs his broken hand. "That's no choice at all. Seems to me that all there is to do is... well." He wraps an arm around Mary. "I can't say I'm sorry for trying to think of ways to keep you safe. But if all we get is a little time, if all we get is dinner... let's have dinner. Winchester surprise. Let's just have this one night as a family."
"What kind of question is that?"
“Sixty-three.” Cas murmurs, and Sam nods.
“Dean…” Castiel casts around in his mind for the right words to make the man listen. “It’s still…” He looks back into the bunker, where Sam and Jack are looking at schools. “The lore states that in order for this to be effective, you need to… stop completely.”
There are no windows in most parts of the bunker, and most of the light switches are decades old and inconveniently placed. There is a solution.
He sounded so proud of himself. For fuck's sake. Sam should trap the two of them in a circle of holy oil some day.
“This is Miracle.” Dean informs Cas, remembering with a pang that Cas had never met him.
Sometimes Dean would start hyperventilating. Sometimes in bed, sometimes at the computer. Once halfway back to his room from the bathroom, he slid down to sit against the wall as he gasped sobs into his hands. Every time, Miracle would find him and press his warm, furry body against Dean’s side, his snout finding his way under Dean’s arms to press against his face.
Jack returns to the bunker, heading for the kitchen where he can smell Dean cooking. Sam and Castiel are there as well, and Jack stops in the doorway to think about how much he loves his dads. He loves Sam stealing tastes of food and narrowly avoiding a rap of Dean's spoon across his fingers. He loves Cas arranging the paper decorations Jack had deliberately not seen that morning around the room and on the table, probably bought from the dollar store. He loves Dean pretending he's annoyed by the hubbub. He loves how they all three turn to him with felicitations for the day, lightly scolding him for coming home early, before their modest celebration was ready for him.
“I’m just about to head out to the store.” Dean says.
“Shhhh, relax.” Dean’s mood seems to have done a 180. Where he’d been surly and hard he was now nothing but soft. It didn’t surprise Sam terribly—Dean’s instinct was always to soothe and reassure his loved ones. He probably reacted more favorably to a panicked Cas than to a calm one, if only because there was something he could fix there. “We got all the time we need. Maybe you want to pause the movie and give me one of those nerd rants about why we call it a Charley horse?”
Idk, it just occurred to me that if I was living in the bunker and had to pee in the middle of the night, I'd need a light source so I don't trip and die.
unresolved tension for over a decade, but… he was worried. Cas had pined after Dean for so long, oblivious to Dean’s own feelings for him (not that Sam could blame him), and now that he finally had him Sam was concerned about the lengths to which Cas would go to show that whatever discomfort Dean had over their new relationship was worth it.
"He hit me. I chose not to allow it."
“I know that you feel that they were, ah… ‘functioning’ alcoholics, and that you are as well. And that may be true… for now.” Cas turns to face Dean more fully. “But I need you to recognize two things- first, that I have been healing the damage you have done to your body with your drinking as best I can over the years we’ve known each other. It hasn’t been complete, and as my powers have waned I’ve had to… prioritize. Do triage for the damage. Now, obviously, I can’t heal you at all.”
Cas covered Dean’s hands with his own. “I always do, Dean. As long as you want me.” His face grew serious. “Do you want--”
“They are Father's creatures, Lucifer. You did not give them Life.” How many times had he heard this phrase repeated at him, first from Michael, and then from that suck-up Raphael? Gabriel never nagged him so, but that was likely because he was busy badgering Father about the state of the platypus and when would it be his turn to see his designs come to life? Father used to laugh at Gabriel and tell him to be patient.
They drove in silence for a while, with no sound between them but the hum of engine and the rattling of the legos. Dean's knuckles were white where they were clutched over the wheel, the muscle in his jaw spasming each time he felt Sam glance at him. Finally Sam heaved one of those sighs that meant he wanted to have some kind of heart to heart. Dean hated that sigh.
“That’s not true.” Cas’ voice is softer now, and Dean looks over at him for a moment to see Cas looking back, his face tired but no longer angry. “I trust you with my life, Dean. It is sometimes hard to trust you with yours.”
that was something I needed to know before I agreed to this little experiment of yours?”
“I believe so, yes… though in truth, that depends on you.” Cas shifted and winced, rubbing at his chest where his aching grace was fluttering. “If you are not sincere in your gestures, they will not be effective in healing me.” There was a pregnant pause where Dean seemed to be steeling himself for something, then Cas spoke again, sounding vaguely amused. “You don't have to kiss me, Dean.”
“It’s a seizure, Cas, you need to keep time!” Sam has no time to be nice. Dean’s back is arching as his muscles tighten, his fists curling. Sam takes his brother’s hands, wincing as his fingernails cut into skin. He is distantly aware of Cas frantically scrambling for his phone, but by the time he grabs it, it’s already over. Dean lets out a heavy sigh and his body seems to relax. When he rolls onto his side, it is under his own power, and the groan he lets out is much more natural than that awful keening.
"'This is
“I want.” Castiel insists, turning to face Dean more fully. He stretches his hand out and Dean takes it. Cas doesn’t know if it’s his hand shaking or Dean’s. “We can try again.”
“We aren’t ringing up the Queen of Hell for lost board game pieces.”
Dean almost drops the bottle as he turns to see Cas squinting at him. He can’t help but smile—one thing they discovered when Cas started sleeping again was that though he was a fairly light sleeper, he was not by any means a morning person. He always looked irritated that his mind dared to wake him before he’d slept his fill, with his dark hair mussed and his brow wrinkled in consternation. Dean’s heart flutters in his chest to see that face in his bed.
Dean stroked his thumb along Cas' hand, slowly getting used to the sensation that was apparently his soul trying to hook up with Cas' grace (and how weirdly awesome was that?).
“We should get those kids home. I think this requires privacy.”
Cas sighs loud enough to be heard even as Dean heads out the door, making Dean smile. Cas had been brushing once a day in solidarity with Dean stopping drinking, and to hear him, it was the worst part of his day.
Five months after Jack became God, the boy materializes in the bunker. Castiel is at his side, and they both have identical smiles.
Then one night Sam was following the string lights back from the kitchen, and paused outside his brother's door. There was a very faint glow peaking out from the crack. Curious, Sam cracked the door open.
“Is it?” Dean had lost track of the days while he and Sam hunted down information about Abaddon. In truth, he couldn't remember the last time he'd celebrated his birthday. Year after year of potentially- world ending disaster had seen to that. “Well, happy birthday to me, then.”
Jack turns four, and makes a decision.
Dean stares.
“But they haven’t stopped.” Dean argues, wiping at his mouth. “And when something big comes along—”
First: Dean is not going to go about this in the traditional way, and not necessarily a healthy way. I do not recommend following Dean's particular path here. There's a lot to deal with for him. Please do not take any of the views he expresses re: programs and problems as my own views. If you are struggling with alcoholism, please seek professional help and know that you can beat this!!!
“It is your birthday, Dean.” He announced as though he was delivering very important information.
“I’m checking out the groceries.” Dean says slowly, feeling that familiar irritation buzzing in him again. “You know, what we actually came here for, that I got while you were flirting with the flower man.”
"Yes. I enjoyed the films as well. Dean will not hate this." As though that was the final word on the matter, Cas plucked the box off the shelf and dropped it into their cart. Then he turned back to consider the shelf. "One light will not be enough. The Captain has several team members- which is your favorite, Sam?"
“Aw, Cas, you don’t have to—”
Dean's mouth opened, but no sound came out. Cas' words bounced around in his brain, echoing strangely. Cas held his gaze for a moment longer and then dropped his eyes again.
That hurt. Dean turns back to the road, clenching his jaw again.
“I won’t lose the pieces.” Jack declares, setting his piece at the starting point. “We can break any curse there is! We can ask Rowena!”
"It was my understanding that the purpose of a birthday gift was to demonstrate the depth of my regard for you."
Cas sighs, and looks at Dean with fond exasperation.
“And how do we know that?” Sam asked, throwing his arms out in exasperation. Dean smiled.
“Sammy...” Dean said with difficulty, the nail in his back and chest making it more and more difficult to draw air. “I need you to tell me it’s okay.”
“We'll have to fix it when we get Cas back.” Sam had said while he was painting sigils across the door. Dean had nodded, unable to get any words past the lump in his throat.
Miracle was a good dog. Affectionate, playful, discerning in his tastes (he liked Dean’s memory foam mattress as well as his bacon). He had deep, soulful eyes and a steady presence. And, of course, he didn’t hunt. He stayed safely behind at the bunker for hunts, checked in on by Eileen, or Charlie when Eileen wasn’t available, while he and Sam went to take out whatever monster they’d tracked down that week. He greeted them enthusiastically when they returned. He stayed.
"I... I'm gonna fuck up." Dean says, numbly.
"It was a goddamn stupid thing to do, Dean. Let that thing inside you." John shakes his head. "Now your brother and mother are in danger as long as they're around you." Dean winces and John sighs. "So we're gonna have dinner-- I'm assuming you can make it through dinner-- and then you and me are gonna light out of here, and figure this out together. Let your mom and Sammy stay here, where Michael can't use them as leverage. Keep the angel away, we don't need any extra baggage. And we'll figure it out." John nods like he always did when he'd reached a decision. "I won't let you hurt them. Or anyone. I promise you, we will find a way to stop this Michael, Dean. And if not..."
TO EILEEN: D still bad. Had a seizure before, didn’t last long. Rain check on dinner tonight?
that it would escape me?”
"This is..."
“Hey, Cas.”
“That's bullshit. Cas knows we need him, and he knows that Lucifer is full of it. No way he actually wants to be trapped in his meat suit, no way would he give Lucifer that power over him without some serious strings being pulled.” Dean glared at Sam, fists clenching in his lap.
“Okay.”
Sam looked up and saw that Cas was pointing towards a clearance shelf filled with Christmas lights.
I knew I had to write something for today. My nougat son, my sunshine boy, he's four!! I had to shower him with love. Cross posted from my tumblr.
Jack smiles again, and Miracle is dancing around this big, reunited family, his tail wagging like it would never stop, barking happily.
“He’ll live.”
Cas had been determined to see Dean through this. Sam did not need to know what went on behind closed doors at the bunker, and heaven knows he’d put up with
“Couple of weeks??” Dean explodes to his feet, all but throwing Cas’ hands off him. “Holy shit, you didn’t think that
“Your feet are wet. Do you wish to leave? I believe it is traditional to get a cake.” Cas suggested. Deam smiled and stood close enough to Cas that their shoulders were pressed together.
something big comes along, we will handle it. But not alone.” Cas’ voice is stern in a way that intrigues Dean in a way he’s almost ashamed of.  “You have so many allies, Dean. And you’ve given more than enough. At any rate, you’ve sidestepped my point. You’re too good to die on a hunt.”
Sam started leaving the hallway lights on at night. The bright fluorescents made him blink rapidly when he opened his door, waking his brain up far more than a late night bathroom or kitchen run should. They also crept through the cracks in the door, distractingly bright. Dean didn't sleep as well, Sam noticed. He woke up grumpier. He never talked about why, but one night Sam heard his brother screaming "NO, CAS NOOOOO!!" and as he looked at his door with the fluorescent light around it, the sickening thought occurred to him that it looked very much like an angel's grace flaring out.
So Dean knows he's an alcoholic. He knows, okay? But so was Dad, and so was Bobby. Hell, so were half the hunters he knew. Dad may have gotten mean, but Bobby got on just fine. So Dean doesn't think it's so much a problem. He knows that he can get... bad. When Cas was gone, he knows he wasn't functioning. He won't talk about it, of course, but he knew then and knows now that drinking himself to sleep every night and slipping a shot of whiskey into his coffee wasn't healthy, and he knows that how he treated Jack wasn't fair. It was too much like John, he knew, the rage that exploded out of him in the first two months of Jack’s life, directed at a kid who hadn’t asked to be who and what he was.
of us love you less."
“It is so freaking weird that you get references like that now.” Dean muttered, perching on the edge of the bed. “Look, man, I didn't mean to laugh at you, alright?”
“I... understand that this is difficult for you. You aren’t prone to discussing your problems. Or your feelings.” Cas pauses for a moment. “Or anything at all, aside from hunting and Westerns, it seems.”
Cas slowly returned Dean’s embrace, stiff one moment, melting into it the next.
Dean, who had been flipping half-heartedly through yet another ancient book from the Men of Letters library, leapt nearly a foot in the air. Cas had been making himself scarce lately, scarce enough that Dean was no longer used to his sudden appearences.
“Quintillion is not a real number.”
Lucifer explained, biting his finger and rubbing blood across a sigil on the floor of the cave. The sigil lit up with ancient grace and Lucifer remembered…
“It was the only way I could stay.” Cas says at last, before heaving himself to his feet and snagging the unopened bottle of Gatorade. “I should check on Dean.”
But his grace still moves within him and his heart still aches a little, so he asks the question:
“Yeah, okay. Where?” Dean asked, already grabbing the keys for the Impala. Crowley spouted off an address about a half day's drive away from the bunker and hung up, clearly in a rush.
Chapter title from the book of the same name by Bessel van der Kolk.
“You can’t blame yourself for that.”
"I'm FINE, Cas."
“Sure you do, Dean- you're all 'profoundly bonded' and crap.” Sam said cheekily, earning an even deeper scowl. Then he softened his tone. “Seriously, though. Cas may be my friend, but it's you he really responds to.” He paused and watched his brother's eyes soften even as he crossed his arms defensively. “You've gotta stop running from this, man. Especially now.”
“Not you, though.” Dean said firmly.
“Dean, you need at least some sustenance. The book—” Cas’ soft, pleading voice.
Cas beamed and waited for Dean to shrug on his jacket before sweeping them both away. When Dean felt himself rematerialize, he was immediately aware of a biting cold. He wrapped his arms around himself and looked around. They were surrounded by a thick layer of snow, and nothing else. He could see no trees or houses in any direction.
"Yeah. Me too."
"Dean, please." Shit, the tears are back. "You are so wonderful. The most caring man in the world. You deserve to experience all the good in the world without being drawn back to this bottle. You deserve to be one of Jack's fathers. We all love you dearly... I love you." Dean's brain short circuits. "I want to grow old with you, Dean. I want you to grow old with me. I know that it will be difficult- I could have cured you of your physical dependence when I had my powers but... but I thought it should be your choice. So I am asking you, please- make that choice now. I will be with you every step of the way." And Cas
my business. More so than it is yours." Cas was glaring fully at John right now. "Because
Dean knows he is an alcoholic. But it wasn’t a problem. It wasn’t supposed to be a problem. The more he thinks about it, the worse he feels. What is Cas thinking? Does he expect him to just… go cold turkey? Drink smoothies and start talking about his feelings? That’s not who Dean is, it’s never been. He can’t do this. He pulls the bottle back up and unscrews the cap. The scent is strong and comforting.
"You ain't human." John pronounces, and Dean winces, locking eyes with Sam. Sam clears his throat and approaches.
"You know," Dean says eventually. "I think my dad liked you."
still talking, yes?”
The door to the bunker opens as Mary begins searching the kitchen for Winchester Surprise ingredients. John tears his eyes away from his wife at the sound, meeting Dean and Sam's eyes in turn as he reached for a gun.
“The arctic circle. This is the best place to see it.” Cas, usually so calm and still was nearly vibrating with nervous energy. Dean had never seen him like this- nearly bouncing in place, seeming at once eager and afraid.
“He shouldn’t be alone.”
Dean considers him for a long moment, then presses his lips to their joined hands.
… Lucifer returned to the present as the grace from the sigils faded to reveal a collection of holy weapons. Tentatively he reached for a great spear, hefted it in his vessel's hands… but it was not as mighty a weapon as it once was. It had been one of Michael's favored weapons, he thought, before he'd settled on the use of a sword. Within him, Castiel pressed his little grace forward, alight with curiosity. The seraph had not come across this weapon during his foolish war with Raphael.
from him.
"Shit, Cas, you can't just say...."
“I would not have harmed him, Dean.” He paused, looking around the room. “I was going to get you some of those as well.” He pointed to the pile of Busty Asian Beauties magazines under Dean's bed. Dean's eyes widened.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked, dropping his head to rest his cheek atop of Cas' hair.
we should know that Cas is possessed by the freakin'
As he pulls into the garage, Sam wishes fervently that things could be so simple, that he could stick a toy soldier in Dean’s room and have it stave off the demons his brother was currently facing. But all he could do was bring the Gatorade down into the kitchen, so he does. He puts most of the bottles into the fridge and carries two down the hall. He listens for a moment before determining the sounds of the TV are coming from the den (“The Dean Cave, Sammy”) rather than Dean’s bedroom. He hopes this is a good sign and follows the noise.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There's something else we have to consider about this situation.”
Second: This fic is also going to deal with Cas being human for good this time. I will update the tags as they come, but he will be having sensory issues and possibly panic attacks. Please mind the notes and tags.
So, I'm all aboard that "fuck john winchester" train, but I don't like to write him as a monster. I think he is a very complex character who Dean has very complex feelings about-- who they all have complex feelings about (except Cas, Cas ain't impressed). I tried to impart here that John was a shitty father, but he did still love his kids and his kids loved him. That he and Mary weren't a story book couple, but they still loved each other. IDK if I succeeded.
?” He snarled, whipping around to glare at his brother. Sam met his gaze steadily, recognizing the wild look in his eyes that only emerged when one of the few people that held a piece of his heart was in danger.
But John is already crossing the room, getting in Cas' face, fisting his hands in the trench coat, yelling about how Cas wasn't human and had no place in his family and Cas isn't budging an inch. He wouldn't. Dean could hear Sam running towards the room, could hear Mary shouting from the kitchen about what was wrong, but he couldn't breathe as he watched John deliver what would have been a devastating blow on to Cas' face, if Cas had been human.
Jack greets them in the war room with a cheery wave. There is a board game of sorts spread out on the table, with many colorful pieces. He takes stock of them for a moment- Cas is painfully aware that he’s checking for any tension between them, for the anger that sometimes rolls off of Dean in waves.
"Cas is our friend, Dad." Sammy, thank god for Sammy. "He's family."
In some ways, watching Dean go through this withdrawal was worse than watching Dean get drunk. He was used to Dean drinking. He was used to the relaxed toasts, to the sullen silences, to the boisterous laughter and the explosive anger. He was used to finding his brother asleep cradling a bottle of liquor, whether in his bed or in the car, or in stranger places like the floor or the bathtub. He knows what to do when Dean has been drinking, knows what topics to avoid, when to leave him to his drink and when to join him. He knows that Dean likes something greasy when he’s hungover and coffee strong enough to peel paint. He knows that when Dean takes the bottle instead of a glass, he shouldn’t talk to him.
“Yes, Dean. Happy birthday.” Dean nodded and paused.
Sam can hear Claire protesting in the background, and finally, he laughs.
“Claire says I should get one on my butt cheek.”
“Hey, I’m back with some Gatorade.” Sam injects as much cheer and normalcy into his voice as he can. He pretends not to see the remote, with the back knocked off and one of the batteries rolling under the television stand. “Don’t worry, it’s the good blue kind.”
“Surely not too great for you, Father.” Lucifer objected.
“You came back.” He murmurs, his hands passing over Cas’s shoulders and cupping his face. “You came back to me.”
“And it didn't occur to you that
Of course, nothing is ever that simple.
“That's good to hear.” He tilted his head towards the hallway. “Go talk to him, Dean.”
Jack takes this in. He looks at the colorful decorations, the chili brewing on the stove, the lopsided cake baking in the over. He looks at his dads and thinks of the park. He thinks about what life could be if climbing a plastic tower was the hardest thing he had to work at. If he did not have to hide from people he met that he had a talking teddy bear that he liked to sleep with, if he could play with other children. His grace swells within him.
“Cas says a late dinner, probably.” Dean begins rummaging through the cabinets and refrigerator, cataloguing the available ingredients. “I’m making pancakes for the kid. With the fixin’s.”
“Got a case?” They had been on stand down since his withdrawal first started. Sam scratches the back of his neck, clearing his throat.
“Nothing’s wrong.” He says, feeling a sudden need to justify himself. “I was thirsty, is all.”
Dean lifted his hand to cover Cas', pressing it to his shoulder, and was quiet for a moment. Then his lips quirked up in a strange smile.
Dean grumbles at Cas as he sets about building the mouse trap.
“Cas?” Dean sounds concerned, naturally.
Dean laughed and clapped Cas' shoulder.
Sam didn't hear anything else after that.
“Differently than I do now. But yes, even then.”
“Mmm… feels good.” Cas mumbles, nuzzling further into Dean’s chest, his own hands resting at Dean’s sides.
Hell, there had been a time after Hell when the sound of barking sent him into panic attacks. But now, here he was, with one sweet, shaggy pooch. Miracle.
There was still Michael to deal with. There is still the pounding in his head. And a part of him still misses his Dad. But tonight, at least... Dean leans in to Cas's arm at his side. Tonight his family is here, and that is enough.
"I would still remember you." Jack assures him as Dean makes a choked noise, coming to his own realization. "I would never let myself forget a moment of being your son. And I think I'd like to remember how to read." Reading is one of his favorite activities. "But with Chuck gone, not as many hunts come through and..." Jack shifts on his feet, surprised to feel the heat of tears building behind his eyes. "And I'd really like to be four years old. And for you to still be my dads. Please." He sniffs. "I know I had to be a grown up to start with. I know that it's selfish to ask you to take care of me. But it's my birthday and I really, really, want to be four years old. And then five years old, next year."
“No.” Castiel says, turning the cube in his hands. Over the course of the evening he had shuffled it quite a bit, and now all of its colorful squares were out of place. “It’s a curious thing, isn’t it?”
Dean smiled.
, but there's no need because a large man with a deep voice and tight curls to match the boy's is already there, lifting the child to his feet, brushing the wood chips off his shirt. Barely a moment, and the boy is smiling again, rushing back onto the structure with his father at his back to support him. Jack settles back onto the bench. Making it to the top of this structure would be the biggest thing this boy has to accomplish today, maybe even this week. He has no need to worry about anything else.
“Rowena's dead?” Sam checked, leaning forward. Dean, on the other hand, couldn't care less about a dead witch.
“Jack thinks so too.” Cas enters the kitchen, fully dressed now. Dean muffles a snort when he sees Cas has pulled his trench coat over his t-shirt and sweatpants, and hears Sam and Eileen do the same. Cas either doesn’t notice or chooses to ignore them. “He would like Nutella in his pancakes as well.”
Dean's head shoots up. Cas is standing in the door, his hands fisted at his sides. Dean imagines that if he could see Cas' wings, they would be flared up at his sides.
"If that's what you want, Jack."
“I am not finished healing. I require more love from you.” Cas said. His face was straight but Dean saw a hint of mischief in his eyes. Dean barked out a laugh, rolling his eyes.
Dean makes a face that means Jack is confusing him with weird angel things.
is here again. In front of him, and with Mom and Sammy too. The tremble in John's voice when he'd asked "Mary?" after hearing her voice... Well, Dean has heard himself sound like that. In a dark street near a church, lit only by the neon lights of the cross on the church and Baby's headlights. Watching his parents come together, reuniting after so long... he can't deny that his heart feels full with the love between them. Sam feels the same way, he could tell, his big brown eyes damp and his mouth curling with a tremulous smile.
Of course the floor didn’t have the decency to swallow him up, either.
Cas’ broad smile is all the evidence Dean needs to know that he recognizes the significance of the offering, and Dean sends out a silent prayer of gratitude that he doesn’t make a big thing of it. They share quiet grins as Cas interlaces their fingers, and Dean lets himself be led through the shop. In addition to standard coffee shop fare and the honey that caught Cas’ attention, the shop is filled with an eclectic assortment of artisanal products from local vendors.
He carefully maneuvers it over his head and slips it on, and every goddamn nerve-ending it touches goes haywire. He shudders as it slides down his torso, his nipples pebbling and goosebumps breaking out all across his back. It feels so good, so goddamn
Dean stared at the broken pull on the lamp on the table in front of him and squeezed the inside of his cheeks between his molars, taking extra care not to look up toward Cas’ face as he began the damage control.
There’s another pulse of that ethereal warmth as the room floods with the scent of ozone, and then the head pops past the ring of muscle, now gone all soft and pliant. With a single, agonizingly slow stroke, Cas buries himself to the hilt, and then just stays there, kissing Dean within an inch of his goddamn life.
“Okay, angel,” he murmurs. “Enlighten me.”
“Good morning.”
,” he mewls like a pathetic goddamn baby when Cas removes his fingers. Chuckling, Cas shushes him, soothes him with little kisses along his temple and cheek, and soon (though not soon enough), the blunt head of Cas’ cock is against his hole, all warm and hard and teasing and too damn gentle to actually push inside.
Sam barely has time to register the flutter of invisible wings before Cas is there, all up in his personal space. It’s new and disconcerting; no wonder Dean used to get so worked up about it. Immediately, and unprompted, Cas takes a big step back.
“Before we proceed,” Cas says, solemn and quiet, his hand resting on the doorknob, “I need your word that you will not tell Dean.”
But only for those few moments.
The sound of the door slamming shut startles two ravens from their perch atop the fence at the corner of the parking lot. They flap away, cawing noisily, their shadows reflecting in the gleaming metal as they pass overhead. Dean holds his breath, sending out a silent prayer to the universe that Baby remains unharmed.
The swish of a dingy old trench coat rustling in the breeze punctuates his name, which, on the angel’s lips, sounds like some weird-ass mutant hybrid of a reprimand, a plea, and a question. Cas somehow conveys volumes in that single syllable, all wrapped up in the leather and lace of a sex growl.
tugging inside him, a pressure deep in his chest that somehow reaches all the way up to pull the corners of his lips into a soft smile. In that moment, something clicks. Years of dancing around each other and avoiding what he feels and what he wants have led to this moment, right here, and it’s all because a bird shat near his car.
crying. How long has he been crying?
His brain struggles to comprehend, to process everything, even as he body just responds, mindless, to the hot bulge grinding against his own erection. He rocks and gyrates his hips, rubbing their dicks together, seeking out more friction. After all this time, he can’t believe it, that he’s got his angel here, holding him and kissing him and it’s better than he ever imagined and then without warning it’s
Bacon.
be a detached curiosity.
The sound of the dishwasher closing snapped him out of his haze. Castiel shouldered past Sam, fleeing to his temporary sleeping quarters before he could cause any more damage.
“What?” If his answer comes across as a little exasperated? Well, of course it does. Dean parked Baby in this spot specifically to avoid this situation.
But it’s not just that. Yeah, that ache in his knees—the one that showed up right around his fortieth birthday—is still there, a dull reminder of a life of running himself ragged, but it’s not so intense today. And his head? It doesn’t feel like his brain is trying to punch through his skull; the roar of blood ain’t rushing in his ears; the now-familiar throbbing he’s come to expect from waking up after a blackout is missing.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and takes in a couple deep breaths.
Dean’s legs are a little wobbly, to be honest.
“What’s with the whole ‘deer caught in the headlights’ routine, huh?” Dean’s brow furrowed as he spoke, those golden green eyes soft with concern, though his lips still curved into a slight tease of a smile. He brought a calloused fingertip to beneath Castiel’s chin, caressed the front with the pad of his thumb as he gently lifted Castiel’s face up to meet his own. “You okay, angel?”
hitting like a tidal wave, and it’s all Dean can do to hang on for the ride. A feral growl echoes through the car, and Dean isn’t sure if it’s coming from him or Cas or both of them, because
Castiel told himself, even as his skin sung with pleasure along the paths of Dean’s fingers.
“May I have a coffee refill on your next stop?” Cas asks, shyly.
“Dean…I—“ he looks and sounds flustered, and Dean has to bite back his grin at how cute it is. Cas takes another deep breath, another thick swallow that makes Little Dean wanna say hello, and starts over. “I seriously think you need to reconsider your opinion about ravens. Corvids deserve our respect. I’d like to show you a video that I think will prove enlightening.”
spreading through his cells like wildfire.
Well, usually.
Now it’s Dean’s turn to do a goldfish impression, opening and closing his mouth, unable to get any words to happen, as he watches his best friend slouch toward the coffeemaker.
Sam’s brow furrowed so that his forehead made that odd center wrinkle, then visibly relaxed as he breathed. “Alright, Cas. I won’t tell him,” he began, “but I still think you should.”
“You okay, man?” Sam starts, “did you get zapped by something?” He crosses the room, ready to offer whatever aid he can to…someone with the power to heal themselves who probably doesn’t need his help for that sort of shit.
Because Dean’s gone, definitely gone, and holy
me.” Sue him. He’s got a handful of angel cock leaking over his fist, and the weight of the cock’s owner pushing him down into the cheap motel mattress, and he can’t be bothered to care about stupid shit right now. Especially not with Cas working to get his jeans undone. He lets his eyes close and just gives himself over to sensation, to the head of the goddamn moment.
at it, Dean realizes, only slightly hysterically, but he figures there’s time for that later. Right now, it’s all hot and hard, just slick enough to keep the friction on this side of too much, and he’s not sure if it’s him or Cas or both of them leaking precome enough to smooth the glide but
of what he’d given up. With each passing day, the details of the life he’d had with
is a suitable spot, since the snow’s covering up anything resembling lines. Still, it should be fine for a coffee stop.
“I—“ he stuttered, not sure where to start or what to say, “I’ve just got a headache. Nothing to worry about.”
running through Dean’s brain and out of his mouth like a prayer.
When he’s finished that bite, Dean admits, “Yeah, this was a good stop.” He’s rewarded with a dazzling smile, and yeah, he definitely needs to let Cas pick the pit stops more often.
Castiel’s breath was already coming in ragged gulps when Dean turned his head just so and nosed along the length of his cock, from base to tip. Had Dean not been holding him steady, his thumbs pushing just beneath Castiel’s hip bones as his fingertips dug into the soft flesh of his buttocks, Castiel would have collapsed onto the floor. He was even more thankful for that firm grip when Dean took the head of his still-clothed cock into that sinfully warm mouth, flicking the tip of his tongue against the spot on the fabric that had darkened, damp with evidence of his arousal. The sensation sent a flicker of electricity through Castiel’s body, setting his nerve endings alight with the newly discovered pleasure.
was surreptitious, anyway.
. Just what that something is, however, Castiel can’t quite place. He pauses, mid-thought. Dean’s watching him from across the table, the look on his face impenetrable. There’s a softness to those golden green eyes that rarely lets itself be known, and the corner of Dean’s mouth wavers, as though the muscles aren’t certain whether or not they’re allowed to position themselves into a smile.
. “Again,” he pleads, his nails clawing furrows down either side of Castiel’s spine so that he can grab hold of that perfect ass. He wraps his legs around Castiel’s waist, too, digging his heels in to Castiel’s cheeks just below his hands to keep him close.
“Dean,” he began, his voice a ragged whisper interrupted by a choked off sob. He swallowed, his tongue leaden in the back of his throat, and continued, “I don’t think…I—I believe…something…something isn’t right here.” With that, he closed his eyes again and tucked his chin toward his chest, suddenly desperate to break that connection—at once an answer to his deepest prayers and a curse—and felt the first trickle of the tears break loose from his eyes, their trails hot as a firebrand as they tore down his cheeks.
“Up and at ‘em, Sammy!” Taking the key out of the ignition, Dean reached over to pat Sam’s chest, forceful enough to startle him awake, then dropped the keys on his lap. “Gotta hit the head, so you’re on gas duty.”
Back at the bunker, hours blurred into days blurred into weeks. At first, he tried to make himself useful with chores. His attempt at laundry got him reprimanded for not separating lights and darks. “Just—
“I trust you,” Cas says, simply. As if that’s explanation enough for what he’s just asked.
so the stakes are higher.
Because this whole damn hunt? It
more important to me.” There was a defiant edge to Cas’ voice as he spoke, and it made Dean think of nights long past, of those moments when he’d been awestruck by celestial power and the beauty of the vessel holding it. Made him try to remember the exact moment that awe transformed into love. Because he loved Castiel, loved the man now standing before him, and looking at Dean for all the world like...
, and he fucking
, and he can’t say shit like that, he just
This is the stuff. Dean whimpers, melting into it as Cas takes control of the kiss, as strong fingers curl around the base of his skull. He melts at the first probe of Castiel’s tongue, at how he teases along the bottom edge of Dean’s top lip before licking into his mouth.
A dull thrum of arousal pulses just beneath the surface of his skin, knowing that Cas is just beyond the door, waiting. When he starts to slide the panties up his legs, he feels like one of those light-up balls at the science museum, that thrum spiking to a sharper zing everywhere his fingers touch, at every glide of silk against bare skin. It sends a shiver up his spine, blood rushing to his dick.
“Does it have to be that loud?” Cas asks waspishly as Immigrant Song begins to play. Dean reaches for the dial, turning it higher. Cas and Sam can babysit all they want, but he will be damned if anyone tells him how to play the music in his car. Cas grunts in dissatisfaction, one of his hands coming up to cover the ear closest to Dean, and Dean shakes his head, swiping at his mouth before returning his hand to the wheel. The drama, honestly. Cas had never complained about his loud music before, not even when Sam was bitching about it. They pull into the parking lot at the store and Cas sighs as the music and ignition are turned off.
This was originally meant to be much longer, but I felt it meandered too much, so I chopped it up. The rest of Lucifer's memories will appear in an as-yet unwritten chapter called "How Lucifer Fell" at some point later on in the story.
"We, uh, have more to explain." Dean slaps Cas on the shoulder. "Mom is cooking."
“C'mon, man those are just fairy tales and bullshit stories to get kids to stop crying when they fall off their bikes.” He said dismissively, but Sam noticed his brother's gaze was directed down the hallway where Castiel's bedroom is. Dean's mouth ticked down in the way it always does when he's feeling guilty about something. “I mean, how does that even work? Do we just braid his hair and give him flowers and he magically gets better? It sounds pretty far-fetched to me.”
“I’m just making sure.”
“No.” Cas preempts Dean’s irritation in a way that only Cas can. “But I would like to get some seeds.”
"Cas."
“Dean.” Castiel replied. He shifted. “I... I know you no longer wanted interference in your lives. That you fought God for that right to be free from it. But I had to...”
“Uh, it’s hard to say. It might. Hopefully, it won’t, and even if it does, after another couple of weeks—”
“And you are not old.” Cas rejoins. “Dean, the point is it is very possible to live a healthy life and still be in
Except it wasn’t fine, because after a few weeks of his powers dwindling, Cas gets increasingly agitated every time Dean drinks "to excess". He hovers when Dean fixes his whiskey, lingers with a furrowed brow over every beer. When they hug, he clings tighter than he ever has before, face crunched up in concentration. Dean tells him he looks constipated, and Cas squints at him like he wishes he still had the juice to smite him. Cas tries replacing his whiskey with Jack's apple juice, and Dean shouts at him til he's hoarse. But it was a dumb prank, so it's fine. It's fine, okay, so Sam needs to get that look off his face. It's too much like the look he used to have when John was disciplining Dean too loudly. Dean doesn't like it.
lost board game pieces?”
“This sucks.”
“Dean.” And Dean smiled, because Cas said his name like a promise. Like a vow. And when they (finally, finally) kissed, he knew it was a vow he would take too.
“Me? What do you mean, me?” Castiel looked bashful now looked away.
“What that was, Dean, was a taste of what receiving your love feels to me. Human souls and angel graces are not so different, excepting that souls are smaller and more grounded in the physical. The same way love sustains an angel, so too does it sustain a soul. Of course, humans often dismiss this as sentiment, as it is not a physical sensation- a human will not expire without love, without renewal on the spiritual level. They can remain physically fit, and even content to some degree, and not know what they are missing.” Cas smiled and gently pressed his hand to Dean's shoulder again, noting Dean shiver at the touch. “When I placed this mark on you, I was repairing you- body and soul. In those moments, your soul discovered what it was like to receive love as an angel would- it came into direct contact with my grace. Your mind may not retain the memories- my true form remains too overwhelming for human comprehension- but your soul
Dean's head snapped up as Sam came into the room with two plates in hand.
“Is it gonna happen again?” Dean sounds angry again.
“You are the strongest man I know, Dean.” Cas continues doggedly. “I know it will not be easy, but you have conquered greater demons than this. This is not the way.” He gestures at the rest of the six pack, tucked into a cooler at the side of the bunker door. “I think you know that, or you wouldn’t be hiding out here to drink.”
JACK: What if they’re hunting tattoos?
Dean shrugs half-heartedly. John clears his throat, his expression both stern and inquiring. That "report, soldier" look that had always prompted Dean to spill his guts without fail.
Castiel looked up at Dean.
"I have noticed that the overhead lights in the hall and kitchen area are quite harsh." Cas sounded pleased with himself. He reached for the most colorful lights of the bunch.
"Well, when you put it like that... but that's what happened. You can't make that shit up."
“It’s a process, Dean.” Sam says, quieter now. “It’s one day at a time. Things will get better.”
idea, Dean, whatever you're thinking.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I know it. But that does not make it a bad one.” Cas looks earnestly into Dean’s eyes, greedily taking in the way the light played off the mossy greens there. Dean stares back, his mouth working distractingly as it often does when he is thinking something through.
Sam stretched as he rose from his chair in the library, groaning with satisfaction. He hadn't seen Dean or Castiel in hours, and could only hope it was a good thing. He poured himself a glass of water and headed down the hall to go to bed. He passed Dean's room on the way. The door was open, and the bed hadn't been touched. Across the hall, Castiel's door was closed, but if he listened closely he could hear the murmur of their voices. He smiled- definitely a good thing. Then a moan erupted from inside the room, and Sam hightailed it to his bedroom further down the hall.
“It's not funny, Dean.” He groused, folding his arms across his chest.
“Yeah.” Sam can barely control the shaking in his voice, closing his eyes. “Yeah.”
“My grace is bolstered only by your presence. When you put your hand on my shoulder, when you laugh at my jokes… when you gave me this blanket.” Cas pulled the blanket tighter around himself. “I already told you. You do not need to be 'Prince Charming.'”
"OW, Dean, goddammit..." Sam groaned as he rubbed his chin. Dean was just in front of him, presumably rubbing his forehead, but Sam couldn't tell because it was
“Perhaps;” Father said. “But perhaps not. I am not meant to bear it, Lucifer.” And Lucifer stretched his wings out to their fullest extent, puffed his chest and said proudly-
John's face is inscrutable. He doesn't reach out to touch Dean, to grasp his shoulder. Dean waits for him to speak like a man waiting for an axe to fall.
“If it was just an afternoon beer you were giving up, the seizures wouldn’t be a problem!” Sam snaps. “We didn’t know it would happen, but it did, so now we deal with it, same as always.”
Oh. Right.
“Yes. I tried threatening a virgin for your pie, but there was none at the store. Then Metatron found me.” Castiel shrugged and looked at his feet. Dean blinked at him.
“Aw, get goin’ you idjit.” Bobby smiled at him in that familiar way that crinkled his eyes. “We can catch up later.”
“Garth doesn’t count!” Dean objects, polishing off his coffee. “He’s an outlier. And a lightweight.”
Sam and Dean look confused, but Castiel catches on immediately.
Castiel has been many things over the course of his existence. He has been a wavelength of celestial intent for most of it. Then he wasn’t- he was an angel inhabiting a vessel. Then, an angel with a physical body of his own, no human soul sharing space. He’s been dead. He’s been… more dead. He’s been alive. And now, he is human—for the second time. But human is not a static state of being, he finds. Angels are the way they are, and are slow to change outside of exigent circumstances. Humans, though… Castiel feels as though he is a new thing every day. He is itchy. He is tired. He is hungry. He is full. He has energy that will not disperse somedays, and on others will not be summoned to him.
“Are you still in here?”
JACK: Can I come home yet?
“What, now you’re getting on my case too?” Dean knows Eileen doesn’t deserve his ire, and at rubs his hand in a circle over his heart. ‘Sorry’ was one of the only signs Dean had learned. “I’m sick of this, Eileen. I’m
And then there isn’t.
TO JACK: Not yet, bud. And we need to talk about any tattoos before you get them!
Hours later, Cas and Dean are settling in to bed. Cas finds his vessel—no, his body, his human body—behaving strangely. He recognizes the feeling of arousal sitting low and warm in his gut as he watches Dean shuck his jeans and outer shirts, exposing his well-defined arms and his thighs- paler than the rest of him, but no less attractive. He is familiar with the desire to touch Dean and be touched in return. He is less familiar with what seems to be a paradoxical feeling of nervousness. He wants to touch, he wants to shy away. As he dresses down to his own sleep clothes, he thinks about Dean laying hands on him. About laying his hands on Dean, about settling between Dean’s legs instead of lying beside him and he can feel his cheeks flush. And at the same time…. He lays down and turns his head to face Dean as the man adjusts the lamp at his bedside. It’s intimidating.
“I think I’d prefer people didn’t swear to me either.” Jack says thoughtfully, and then Dean is wrapping his arms around him too.
raised his eyes to meet Dean's. “I love you enough that I would see all creation burn before allowing you to come to harm.”
“You're being close-minded- hell, there's plenty of actual science that backs it up. People in healthy relationships live longer and better. Kisses release endorphins that reduce pain. The unconditional love of a pet is proven to be beneficial to the sick. If you really think about it, it's not that far of a stretch.” Sam pointed out. “Anyway, even if none of that were true, why would Cas lie about something like this? Especially since he probably knew you'd be a jerk about it.” Dean scoffed defensively in response to this, but Sam could tell by the set of his shoulders that his brother knew he was right. “Look, Dean… this might be a novel idea but… maybe you should go talk to him about it? It's not right that he's laying around in pain when we could be doing something about it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mary doesn't cook." Cas had not taken his eyes off of John, his stare intense. John was staring right back.
"We're serious, Dean." Sam said. "I'm tired of bumping into you in the hall, and stubbing my toes on the lip of the bathroom, and knocking over my water-"
He hopes that John can find a way to fix Dean's head while he's here... and boy, won't that be a conversation to have. His stomach turns over as he watches John and Mary whisper presumably sweet words to each other. He can hear it now, John berating him for allowing Michael in in the first place. John talking about having to clean up Dean's messes-- and Dean supposes that was why the pearl had pulled John forward to this moment. Dad would yell and scold and send Dean away, he would take him to task and never let him forget what he'd done, but Dad would
Miracle was not overly fond of the smell of alcohol. He licked one of Dean’s beer bottles once and had been whining and passing his paws over his nose for several minutes after. Dean tried to curb his drinking around the dog after that.
“What are you doing?” She asks.
"Those all sound like you problems."
"You think you are. But a wise man said that family doesn't end in blood." Cas looks at Dean, piercing him with his gaze. "Nor does it start there."
Cas takes his time, sitting against the headboard and taking a sip of his own coffee (dark like Dean’s, but with a lot more sugar) before he responds.
Dean glanced up from the book he was reading and saw Castiel standing in the doorway of his room.
John nods back at him, finally reaches out to pat his shoulder.
, Lucifer explained charitably. He frowned. The spear did not have as much power as it had in ancient days. He didn't know if it would be enough. He laid it to the side and reached for another weapon, this time a pearl the size of a tennis ball that once held a piece of God's own light. The light was dim, now. Perhaps it had lost it's power when God had abandoned the Earth.
“Jack did wonderfully. Has been doing wonderfully.” Cas’ voice is full of pride for his son. Then his too-blue eyes find Dean’s. “Hello, Dean.”
“Yes. I moved the stars and painted the sky.” He said and Dean was suddenly struck by how inhumanly powerful Castiel was to have the power to move the heavens. This was quickly followed by the realization that he'd moved the heavens for
“Yeah, well…” Dean shrugs. “Don’t.”
Dean thinks he’s turned a corner. There’d been one more seizure, 3 days after the first no less intense but less scary because this time Cas was prepared, and when Dean stiffened and lost his balance on his way to bed one night, Cas had immediately started counting seconds while smoothly catching Dean and laying him on his side. When it was over, Cas had rubbed soothingly at Dean’s overextended muscles and spoken to him until he came back to himself and was able to settle into bed. That had been four days ago, and finally the nausea, headaches, and the anger and confusion in his head seemed to have at last retreated. To top it off, Dean is currently laying on his memory foam mattress, with Cas laying on top of him, his dark hair messily spread across Dean’s chest, his nose tickling the space between Dean’s pecs. Cas is not quite asleep, Dean knows, but he’s close to it. He runs his hand over Cas’ back, letting his fingers trace the knobs of the former angel’s spine.
He is not used to Dean in withdrawal. He isn’t used to shaking hands, to a sweaty face and a drawn expression, to food that won’t stay down and rage that refuses to be regulated. The second day he’d asked Jack to go visit Jody for a while, alarmed at Dean’s condition. Jack had been reluctant to leave but agreed after Dean and Cas insisted as well.
Sam glanced up at his brother, who was red-faced and glaring at the phone, and decided to take over before Dean's temper lost them their demon up their sleeve.
Dean immediately pulls away, defensive.
“Yes, my son. And she will never stop.” Father sighed and stroked a hand along Lucifer's mighty wing. “I think I might have a way. I have created a curse that will contain my sister, seal her away forever. But seals must have keys, and this one will be a great burden to carry.”
Castiel thrashed inside him angrily, ever protective of the two mud-monkeys he had sacrificed so much for. The seraph had taken particular umbrage at Lucifer's interaction with Dean Winchester- a violation of Dean's personal space, he'd said, an unfair deceit.
“After coffee.” He stipulates, and is so taken with Cas’ answering smile that he barely processes Cas tilting his head up by the chin to kiss him until he’s already pulled away. Cas slides out of bed and stretches again, bigger this time, before ambling out of the room, scratching his belly. Dean watches him go before drawing his knees up to his chest, resting his head there a moment.
I based what went on in the bedroom on some personal experience and also on the idea that while Cas isn't quite virginal, he still views his relationship with Dean as something big and new because he is human now AND because it is Dean he's with.
, please,
Castiel knew pain. Physical pain at the hands of Raphael, the Leviathan. Psychological torment from Naomi, from Metatron. Knew the metaphysical pain of dying and being brought back against his will.
As she walks away, he takes the crispiest slice of his bacon and pops into his mouth before turning his attention to Cas.
“Dea—“
Next time Dean agrees to a detour for Castiel, he’s gonna make sure he checks a map for himself first.
Dean shakes that thought out of his head, then returns to the task at hand. “What about all the magical crap we got around this place, man? I’m telling you, it just ain’t safe to have an animal roaming around where it could get into that shit.”
and only them. Nothing else matters; in this moment, nothing else even exists.
To react. To rebel against his maker, even.
Keeping a firm grasp on Castiel’s hand, Dean throws some crumpled bills onto the table and stands up, tugging a bit less than gently on the angel’s hand. “C’mon.” He’s rewarded by a gummy, if uncertain, smile, Castiel’s eyes crinkling as he stares at where they’re connected. Which, y’know, is good and all, but he’s still just
“That’s… that’s good for them.”
“You don’t have to be sorry.”
"I'm saying it. I want this, Dean."
“Yeah… yeah, okay. Where are we going?” Dean asked, taking his shoes and putting them on. Cas shifted anxiously at the question- not, Dean thought, the most encouraging response.
(See the end of the chapter for
For almost a
“You, Dean, and Cas all have hunter tattoos, and Claire has a lot!”
"If that's what you want, Jack... you just give Sammy enough time to go get you some four-year-old essentials from the store. And then you do what you have to do."
Dean nodded shakily. "I have a plan. There's this box. To lock me away in, in case..."
“I’m bigger than you.”
Dean is quick to get between Cas and his father. His heart is pounding in his throat suddenly. He can't bring himself to look either of them in the eye, and that doesn't make sense. It's not as though-- it's not as though he and Cas are together or anything. Or as though Cas knows how he feels. It's not like John will be able to just-- read his mind-- and know... but then, there were those nuns he had to burn, and he'd been convinced John didn't know then either and shit he's panicking he should say something he should--
“You’re up earlier than usual.” Jack ventures eventually. He smiles his sweet, crooked smile as he bounces on his toes. “Are you gonna make pancakes? Sam never puts chocolate chips in them.”
Jack turns four and makes a decision.
“Two weeks.” He asserts. “And if I see you doing harm to yourself, I cannot be silent.” He pauses. “But I will take your wishes very much into consideration.” There is another moment of silence between them. “I do not want to lose you, Dean.”
“It was my understanding that the purpose of a birthday gift was to demonstrate the depth of my regard for you.” He said. “I could not find anything adequate on Earth that I could give you. There was nothing big or good enough.” He returned his gaze to the sky. “This was the closest I could get. It is… an approximation of what I see when I look at you.”
dammit. He whines again, wordless and breathy, and Cas—that sadistic mother
lying to himself that it would be okay to let go because it wasn’t real, that it was nothing but a waking fever dream. Somewhere, swimming in the back of his increasingly foggy mind, Castiel knew it had to be a hallucination, one borne of some creature’s venom, most likely. A djinn, perhaps, or something worse, an abomination before the eyes of the Lord, a fallen angel too grotesque to name. Yes, Castiel knew this, knew all of it, but in the warmth of Dean’s arms, the comfort of his soft lips? It didn’t matter. Nothing did, nothing but
, y’know?” Dean scrubs his left hand through his hair, scratching idly at the back of his head. “It’s…it
Dean’s gonna make eliminating that hesitation from Cas’ voice his mission, starting right the fuck now.
Just another thing to add to the list of ridiculous shit Dean finds adorable about the rumpled angel. As he sneaks glances at that soft smile from the corner of his eyes, something flutters in his stomach. Something like...butterflies? Is this what that saying means? Butterflies in your stomach?
. Cas is holding the box out to him, he realizes, because his brain’s gone just a little bit sex stupid and maybe made him slow on the uptake.
Glowy-eyed, tattooed motherfucker got too big for his britches and left a few too many clues that made him easy to track down. Not even twenty-four hours after they crossed into New York, they found the son of a bitch bringing his latest victim into his stupid evil lair, an abandoned grain silo on the southside of town. Found him and ganked him, easy as pie. Afterward, Sam drove the vic to the hospital while Dean stayed behind to search the rest of the silos.
“I…I’m sorry, Dean, it’s only me.”
Dean watched his words disappear, into the chasm of doubt and regret that kept driving him and Cas further and further apart. His head throbbed, the pain radiating from where he’d hit it, wrapping around his temples to his forehead and squeezing like vise. He rubbed between his eyebrows, hoping to alleviate some of the growing tension.
It’s good, so goddamn
Dean said nothing as he drove. Only the tremble of his left hand as he gripped the steering wheel even tighter gave any indication that he’d heard Sam at all.
of it all, by the knowledge that the real Dean Winchester would
“Eventually, you’re going to have to acknowledge that I’m not an illusion.” The fingers caressing his head slide down his neck, brush across his collarbone to rest against his shoulder.
Dean wants, wants desperately.
“I do.” He was rewarded with a dazzling smile, and this time, it was Cas who initiated the kiss.
Dean pressed his tongue to the roof of his mouth, swallowed a wave of bile around the lump forming in his throat. “Yeah, whatever.”
he wants yet. He’s so close,
Dean rolled his eyes, because of
“Pit stop. Want anything while I’m in there?”
Take a step into the light
Cas is
just as fucking much as Dean is Castiel’s.
All Dean knew was that it coulda been a couple minutes or a lot longer when the door rattled open, quick enough to leave him flat on his back, staring up into a pair wide, haunted blue eyes.
It’s…well, it’s not like it’s unprecedented for Cas to be grumpy in the mornings, but he seemed fine at the motel. Dean shrugs it off. Angels, man.
“Look, you’re worried about Cas; I get it.” Sam turned in his seat, leveling one of those concerned puppy dog looks toward the driver’s seat. “But there’s a lot of miles between the last sighting and Buffalo. We don’t have any reason to believe there’s a connection.”
He hasn’t even managed to open his eyes when his stomach gurgles, crying out at its mistreatment in the past weeks. Dean can’t remember the last time he actually ate something solid, and suddenly, he’s fucking ravenous.
if it don’t feel incredible.
This wasn’t right; Castiel knew it. This wasn’t
“Okay, Cas.”
“What the fuck?” Dean jerks upright.
So he sits there, quiet, and stares at Cas the way Cas loves to stare at him. Takes a deep breath in, let’s it go.
Sam hopes it’s not fairies.
, he thinks, his brain stuttering along, thinking too many things at once,
With one last, hungry glance over his shoulder at Cas, Dean crawls to the center of the bed and presents himself—head down, ass up—just how his Master ordered. His dick is hard enough to pound nails, precome leaking from the tip, and he wants to thrust his hips down, give himself some friction. Just to take the edge off, that’s all, just a little…
“Why’d you do this?” Dean tugs his lower lip between his teeth, chews idly, his gaze is fixed on the lingerie.
Not that Dean pays attention to that stuff, of course.
Dean grins and bumps his shoulder against Cas’. “Okay, angel,” he murmurs, and fuck if his heart does go a little melty at the soft smile that spreads across Castiel’s face. Without thinking, Dean brings Castiel’s hand up to his face, brushes his lips against the rough skin of Cas’ knuckles like he’s done it thousands of times before. “Maybe they’re not so bad.”
Cas glares, starts to speak, but swallows whatever he was going to say. It’s a subtle thing, really, an infinitesimal shift of his jaw. Someone would have to be paying extra close attention to even notice it.
why is Cas
Dean reaches up and kisses the worry off Cas’ face. “Yes, Cas. For as long as you’ll have me.”
He turned to see Dean standing at the foot of the stairs, his broad frame folded in on itself to the point he looked small. It was unnerving.
butterflies.
He backs Baby into a spot as far from any potential sky-pest perches as possible, and makes sure to grab the birdshit cup before he locks up.
Dean chuckles and leans back in his seat. As he does so, the hunter’s knees brush against Castiel’s own, and the simple, unexpected touch sends a jolt of heat flaring up Castiel’s spine.
, so lost that his orgasm surprises him, shooting up between their bellies, their chests, one spurt even hitting the edge of Cas’ chin. He leans in to lick it up, then pushes his tongue into Cas’ mouth, feeding him that little bit of his own release. And while he usually isn’t that fond of tasting his own jizz, tasting it on Cas’ tongue? That’s something else entirely.
When Dean obeyed Castiel’s command, Castiel obeyed his, pushing deep into that wet heat until the head of his cock bumped against the back of Dean’s throat. He curled his fingers around Dean’s head as he pulled out, and with no warning, thrust back in. Again and again, at times pausing to hold Dean still, push in even deeper, then moaning at the contractions when Dean swallowed around him. He fucked into Dean’s mouth with abandon, relishing at the sounds Dean made, those little choked off grunts and gasps. Shameless and wanton, he let himself go, did as Dean had commanded. And all the while, he marveled at the beautiful, righteous man kneeling before him, giving himself over to Castiel like this, not only allowing himself to be used, but
Dean watched as Sam rubbed his eyes, then ran his hands through his hair. Owlishly, he blinked back into awareness, eventually acknowledging Dean’s existence. “Whuh?”
“You know I eliminated your allergy when I remade your body after Hell, Dean.”
Dean gets back to it, releasing Castiel’s hips so that he can brush the fingertips of that hand up along Cas’ shaft. Then he brings his now-wet thumb between his angel’s cheeks, rubs little circles over the wrinkled flesh of his hole.
, for fuck’s sake; he’s a magnet for trouble. And we ain’t that lucky for it to be a coincidence.”
Cas stalks toward the bed, and Dean needs more eyes. Yeah, definitely needs more eyes because he can’t look everywhere at once, can’t take in the slight swell of Castiel’s chest at the same time as he watches the muscles in his stomach stretch and flex beneath smooth skin as he moves, as blue eyes pin him with a look of absolute hunger. It’s too much to take in, and Dean has to remind himself to breathe
“More, need more,” Dean chants, biting the words into the flesh of Castiel’s neck, his own skin on fire at the burn of Cas’ stubble dragging against his cheek. “Please, Cas,
“Do you want me to fuck you like this, Dean?” The angel’s voice is a low growl, rough and dangerous. “Holding you like this? Just slip your panties out of the way so that I can penetrate you? Would you like that?”
, and wants Dean. It’s a heady feeling, intoxicating…nerve-wracking and terrifying, if Dean’s honest with himself, because how the fuck is a mess of a man like him supposed to live up to the expectations of a fucking
“You wanna get outta here?”
Cas gets serious, a little anxious, then reaches down to rifle through his bags. He pulls out a small, flat package and slides it across the table. “A little something for you,” he says.
Dean, glassy-eyed, made no attempt to stand up, or to even move out of the doorway. Castiel stepped around him, careful not to touch.
At his confession, Dean opened his teary eyes, moaned his pleasure around Castiel’s cock, and the combination of it send Castiel over the edge. He spilled down Dean’s throat for what felt like an eternity, and Dean took it all, swallowing up Castiel’s release like doing so gave him pleasure of his own. Dean continued his attentions as Castiel shuddered through aftershocks, sucking gently and then laving with his tongue, cleaning up all evidence of Castiel’s orgasm until Castiel jerked away, too sensitive to allow him to continue.
Dean’s lost in it, in
shoulder. Electricity runs straight to Dean’s spine, making his whole body shiver. Dean throws his leg over Castiel’s thighs and burrows his face deeper into his armpit.
Dean’s gonna explode. He doesn’t care how pathetic he must sound, whining and whimpering into Cas’ mouth. He doesn’t care that he’s still got his stupid boots on. All that matters is the man on top of him, grinding against him, kissing him stupid and whispering thinks like
“Always watching’ out for me, Cas.” Dean’s smile widened, and it made something deep in Castiel’s gut clench, “like it when you take care’a me.”
“I said you
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’ta said that.”
“Cas, c’mon, man.”
Dean grins back, can’t help but grin back at the soft smile toying at the corner of those beautiful lips, and finally has the balls to rest his own hand over Castiel’s.
Castiel struggled in Dean’s embrace, his eyes fluttering closed at the drag of Dean’s lips against his suddenly overheated flesh.
“Tell me what you want, pet.” Castiel demands, his voice a harsh growl against Dean’s ear before he closes those plush lips around the lobe and sucks, hard enough to bruise. Dean takes a sharp inhale at the sensation, a thousand pinprick stings as the blood gets pulled to the surface of his skin.
something with it.
takes care of him. The angel grips his hips tight, angelic fingers digging sharply into the meat of Dean’s ass, and slams him back down as he thrusts up.
“Thank you, Dean,” he said, suddenly feeling terribly shy and exposed, and not just because his now flaccid penis was still hanging out in the open.
Eventually they had to part, what with the stupid human need for breathing. Cas looked up at him, his face flushed and lips plumper than usual, with a look of pure awe. Disheveled and debauched, but most of all ridiculously, endearingly awestruck. It was a good look for him.
sorry.”
This time, Cas very pointedly
into Dean’s mouth, and then Dean’s coming, shooting hot and wet between them, the muscles of his abdomen clenching and twitching as he just keeps coming, like a goddamn teenager, but that’s okay because it sets Cas off, too, and then they’re both shaking with it, wet and messy and oversensitive but still desperate for it, for each other, unwilling to separate.
“Ignoring the whole ‘I’m allergic to ‘em’ thing for a bit, why would ya even want a cat, man? They scratch shit up, and you have to clean out their shit from boxes, and what would you do with the damn thing when we ain’t here?” So, yeah, he’s starting to babble a little bit, but watching Castiel’s mouth harden into a determined line just throws him off his game. And it’s a bit too much for fuck o’clock in the morning when Dean hasn’t even finished his coffee.
Wide-eyed and wild, his lips bitten red and swollen, Cas just nods in response, then thrusts back up into Dean’s fist. Dean tuts his disapproval, trapping Cas’ hips with a press of one forearm, and slides the other hand down and squeezes the base of Cas’ cock.
“You need to drink this,” an all-too familiar voice rumbles.
“Hello, Dea—“
it mattered.
Nope. Not butterflies, Dean decides. If anything, they’re...fuck, he can’t think of a flying bug manly enough to describe that tingly, featherlight fluttering that has him lighting up from the inside at the sight of Castiel’s smile. But still, whatever the fuck it is, it
And, well. Manners like
Let it be known that Dean Winchester, ladies’ man extraordinaire, is one smooth motherfucker.
“You’re incorrigible,” Cas grouses, only
“Don’t be crass.”
“I’m sorry I gave you that impression,” Cas began, “because nothing could be further from the truth. There is nothing,
“Can you…I don’t know, man? Uh…can, y’know, maybe—can you tell me
Cas’ smile grows larger as he carefully moves one hand aside to reveal a small, grey ball of fluff snuggled up against his chest. When Cas scratches at the top of the fluff with his index finger, the ball starts to stretch and purr, pressing its head up into Castiel’s finger.
. “You mean…like,
Cas growls, fucking
“No,” he hissed through his teeth, squaring his shoulders as he turned around, a defiant lift to his jaw, “and neither will you.”
Dean noticed his resistance, because of course he did. Even if he did seem to have forgotten their carefully choreographed dance, skirting just on the wrong side of each other’s expectations for personal space. Dean didn’t let go, not completely, but he loosened his hold, allowed Castiel to back a few inches away so that their chests were no longer touching. Just enough for Castiel to miss the heat of Dean’s body pressed against his own.
Dean leaned in for another kiss, then nuzzled their noses together. It was painfully intimate, and Castiel was torn between the conflicting desires to flee and to freeze himself in this moment forever.
“No.” Dean’s lip trembles at it, the single syllable taunting him with its utter simplicity. Complete and utter denial. He wants to beg, whine, plead with Castiel to reconsider, to let him earn his reward, but he knows better than that. He knows how to behave, to be good for his Master.
“Doin’ okay there, angel?” he asks, resting his head against Cas’ thigh and grinning up at him like the cat that ate the canary.
Happy End Day, y'all. I needed to get this sucker finished before tonight's episode because I fear my heart may not survive.
“Spent two weeks looking for another way, Sam. That's two damn weeks with Cas trapped in his vessel by that douchewad while we were 'thinking things through.' This is the plan now, it is our only plan, and we are going to follow through on it. We owe it to Cas.”
“No one actually plays by the rules, Jack.”
Dean does know it.
“She hurt our world, Father.” Lucifer said plaintively. “She destroyed my dinosaurs, which I created and you breathed Life into. I will not stop until she does.”
“Jerk. When will Jack be home?” Sam and Eileen follow him towards the kitchen.
Cross posted on tumblr.
Sam tried to be there too, of course he did. Dean’s little brother didn’t have to be told the details of Cas’ death to know Dean was suffering his loss. He tried to be encouraging.
“So?”
“Great to know where your loyalties lie.” Dean sneered, pacing back and forth. Crowley's sigh blew static across the connection.
Seeing Cas was not about to let up, Sam compromised.
“You planting this garden isn’t going to make you go all… honey crazy again, is it?” Dean asks, remembering in vivid detail how Cas, still suffering from taking on Sam’s hallucinations, had shown up on the Impala naked and covered in bees… though that was not such an unpleasant memory, now that he thought on it. He would not be opposed to it happening again… so long as it was without the bees.
“Before you came in all juiced up-” Dean shot an apologetic look at Sam, “Alastair had Cas pinned. I was pretty much out of commission, but I could still hear what was going on. Alastair said that he couldn't kill angels, all he could do was send them back to heaven. He started this chant, and it sounded like Cas was having trouble. Then you came in and I passed out.”
"Yeah, Dean. We've looked through everything." Sam affirms, then he puts a hand on Cas' arm. The two of them exchange a look, and Cas releases John. "I wish things could be different, Dad. But even if they were, you realize I couldn't just let you and Dean go off on your own? Neither would Mom."
“Nah. You brush.”
The first 72 hours are often the most harrowing parts of alcohol withdrawal. Sam tries his best to keep Dean-- to keep all of them-- together. It was never going to be easy.
“It’s not an experiment. And I know Cas has tried to get you to read the—”
Missing scene from 15x20.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I ain't running.” Dean said shortly, standing up from his seat across the table. Sam sighed and leaned back in his chair.
It is a good idea. From what Cas has read, Dean will need his rest for what is to come, once his detox begins in earnest. Yet he is not quite satisfied with the outcome of their conversation. He longs, briefly, for the buffer of his grace, which had muted the sensations that were overwhelming his senses. It will do no good to pursue the matter further this night, he decides, the hot focus of arousal and the loud panic of sensation both fading to the back of his mind.
“Eileen believes it is important to appreciate the small things. I’ve been trying to do so.”
Sam rolled his eyes again and carried the rest of the groceries to the kitchen.
life.” Cas’ face grows serious again. “I’m asking you to make a choice to try. If you won’t do it for yourself, then do it for me. For Sam and Jack.”
"Dean actually admitted he was into Captain America?"
"Did he?" Cas sounds unimpressed. "I didn't like him."
“He wouldn’t get home til dinner.”
TO EILEEN: Then yes, please.
Dean lets out a deep, long suffering sigh, and Cas slips the cube into his pocket before turning more fully to the game to convince Dean that he could play by the rules, just this once.
“Sam and Jack don’t care what I do.”
“I… okay.” Dean finally turns himself fully to look at Cas. “Let’s say I give this a try. No more of the hard stuff. No more, uh… excess, or whatever.” Cas’ eyes are hopeful and bright, and Dean’s heart turns over. “I, uh. I don’t want to make any promises. But…” He passes the bottle of bourbon to Cas. “We can start here, right?”
Sam nods and gives a sad smile, and Mary hugs John before announcing that dinner would be served as soon as it finished cooling down. Cas puts a hand on Dean's shoulder, and Dean comes back to himself in a rush.
Then, ignoring the thrumming ire coming from his host, Lucifer took wing. Sam and Dean had warded their bunker against him, but it was little matter. They had to leave sometime- he could wait.
Love is all these things and more. Some things less pleasurable than others. It’s the way his stomach turns over when the Winchesters are in danger, the way his heart broke in two whenever Jack was sad. It’s the lump in his all too human throat right now, seeing Dean’s hands shake.
“Sam let me pick something out at the toy store when we went to the mall to make my new ID.” Jack reports. “I thought it looked fun. I also got this Rubik’s cube. Sam says you threw out the one you had when you were kids.”
“Shut up you stupid bastard.” And then Dean had Cas locked in his arms, face buried in his shoulder as he kept speaking. “You stupid fucking bastard, you think you get to just.. say all that shit and just fucking leave? Stupid, idiotic...”
you feel now?”
“Why don't you go do it, then? You're the one who's all over that girly stuff,
Eileen smiles and begins signing at Cas, who signs back with an answering grin. Dean rolls his eyes.
“This is your home.” He says firmly. “You can be God and have a home here too.”
“Nah, just some research. I’m trying to expand what we have written down.”
A memory stirred from his host. One of Castiel's earliest memories, and it had to do with the platypus, of all things. Gabriel would be pleased to be so remembered.
coming from you.” Sam said tactfully. Dean scowled, his cheeks reddening slightly.
Sam and Eileen are in the library when Dean passes by, both buried in books around their laptops.
“I'm not making you do anything.” Cas pointed out drowsily. “I am not a princess.”
“Nah. Not in the mood.” He gives Cas a smile and snuggles more firmly into his pillow. “Let’s just sleep.”
