“Last time I checked, you didn’t believe in Magic, either.”
Mycroft scowled and shook his head.
John had to process that for a moment.
Rosalie gave John a warm smile, but Sherlock spoke before she had the chance.
“Anyone else would tell you the same.”
The King’s words may have hurt more since John already believed them.
“I… I wish I could say it wasn’t that,” John replied.  “Stay with us tonight. I could heal you.”
“Myc,” he croaked. “Mycroft.”
There was a dying man stood on a windowsill, and John screamed with him as he stepped from the edge.
“Yeah?”
“That’s not right.”
The girl shrugged. “Why don’t you tell me?”
“There are so many things I have to say to that,” he announced, his voice nearly shaking. “One: what the hell is your problem, you half-wit? Two: you’ve counted the number of times you’ve talked to him but won’t actually
his brothers.
“You make no sense. None at all,” the other boy muttered. He shook his head, a look of confusion cemented on his face. “How will you know?”
John didn’t remember telling his body to move towards the man, to crouch down and search for a pulse, but he did it anyway. As expected, there were no signs of life. The man’s pulse was nonexistent, and his skin was as cold as the snow falling outside. Silently, John lowered the prince’s eyelids.
Hiding from the knights had been harder. There were more of them in Central London than there had ever been before. Slipping from alley to alley, Irene kept carefully to the shadows, observing the knights, their weaponry, their formation. They stood frozen in the square and main streets, bows and longswords and maces at the ready, their unseeing eyes blank and glazed over.
John set his jaw, and Sherlock hastened to apologize.
“There are four cartons of ice cream in the freezer.”
He swallowed hard and forced himself to look away.
“I’m not sure which is scarier,” John laughed.
Irene picked a direction and started walking. It was hours more until she reached a town, where she surprised herself by transforming once again into the creature she'd come to hate more than any other. The bird flying overhead would attract less attention than a shivering, naked stranger meandering through town.
“Not hurt. Bit pissed. You?”
“I do,” he replied, bowing his head. “Can I ask what changed your mind?”
“You look my age, but you’re older than that, much older, aren’t you? You’re Magic or at least influenced by Magic; that much is clear by the way you stepped out of the mirror. I don’t know why you’re here or who you are or how you knew where to find me, but I doubt I can trust you.”
“And why are you telling me?”
A head of dark curls peeked over the railing, blue eyes squinting suspiciously. John froze, certain that Sherlock had heard him. To John’s relief, the other man gave no other indication of having heard him. Then, Sherlock was gone, his feet slapping noisily up the cement stairs. John swallowed hard, letting out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
“We’re proud of you both,” Siger told him. “Get some rest.”
The large doors at the end of the hall rattled and banged as someone on the other side beat their tiny fists against it.
John opened his eyes and followed the movement of Sherlock’s throat as he swallowed. The prince stared at the wall next to John’s head, his eyes unmoving. His lips were pressed tightly together, and his face was white.
“Mike’s a bit strange about being on time,” he laughed. Sherlock
“I am eager to return. There is much to be done,” Mycroft replied as he followed Greg out of the house. “Rebuilding London will take decades.”
“Prick!”
He’d gotten about halfway through his apology for being a shit brother when there was a soft knock on the door to the hallway. His heartbeat quickened, and his thoughts turned to Sherlock. It made sense, sort of, that Sherlock would want to make sure John was awake before barging in, but the person who walked in was not Sherlock at all.
Who falls in love after four conversations?”
“Why’s that?”
“When did you-?”
Sherlock tampered down his near-smile with a deep scowl. “Crystal.”
Mind the new tags!
Not edited. Sorry if I've fucked up some grammar. Feel free to correct me.
In no time, the pair of them were making their way to the tavern, each of them limping along with their bum legs, their breath visible in the crisp winter air. The sun was high in the sky, not quite noon but not long before it. The town was quiet, its people somber as they meandered from building to building. But the children - they laughed and played and shouted and made believe, dashing through the streets, happy screams carried off by the wind. Sherlock envied them and their carelessness. His mind and body were eighteen, his country and family stuck fifty years in the past. He was a man out of his time, and barely a man at that. The children they passed only knew Sherlock from the bedtime stories their parents told.
“I guess.”
Sherlock groaned, but John shook his head.
"I suppose I can at least hope they'll calm down soon," Sherlock replied as a heavyset woman knocked into his shoulder. "What can possibly be so important that all these little minds are scrambling to get to it?"
He might actually die. He felt the same way about it now that he had before storming off to Afghanistan: if he had to die, he’d die doing the right thing.
Thankfully, Sherlock's smile returned. John, looking for any reason to give the prince privacy whilst he undressed, busied himself with finding something they could use to dry off after all was done. He turned back only when he heard Sherlock's happy little hum as he settled into the water.
But for now, Irene.
“Irrelevant.”
tell me someone punched him in the face for that,” the blond said.
I'm so excited!!! I /just/ finished chapter 17 last night, and I think I'm gonna up the posting to twice a week now just so I can post it all before November. Sooooooooo expect the next post on, like, Tuesday?
Sherlock had blushed and explained that he’d spent most of the day in the library, catching up on some of the things he’d missed.
“They're not dating.”
“No, not impossible. Just improbable,” Sherlock whispered. “Mycroft?”
“Well,
The fighting outside had long since ended, and shouts of joy drifted up to the tower. There came shouting from the other side of the door, and John closed his eyes. He’d known, eventually, that they would be found. He’d only hoped Sherlock would have a bit more time to calm down before he faced his kingdom.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, you missed it," said the other. "Two weeks ago, it was."
is dangerous.”
“Nonsense,” Sherlock replied. “If we could wrap this up… I think my companion’s about to drop.”
“Yes,” Sherlock had agreed, transfixed by John’s blinding smile. “About time.”
She screamed when the molten blade pierced her skin, flesh sizzling and popping and blistering before her eyes. Dull, aching pain spread through Irene’s body, every nerve singing, every hair stood on end. The edges of her vision faded to black, and she supposed it was only a matter of time before she fainted, the smell of burnt flesh pervading the air.
The prince frowned. “No, no that’s not it. I’m not waiting for him to rescue me. He’s never needed to rescue me. I just wonder about him, is all.”
“The time has to be right,” John insisted.
He nodded towards Greg and his boyfriend and asked, “Is he an ex or something?”
for his sister’s birthday pub crawl (which John felt was a bad idea to begin with, anyway), but he wasn’t exactly late, either. Judging by the most recent picture Harry posted, something told John that his presence would not be missed for long.
It promised warmth, food, a place where she belonged. There would be no more middle ground, no uncertainty, no discomfort.
“The ‘don’t-hurt-him-or-I’ll-kill-you speech?’ Really?”
“Hawkins,” Violet snapped, “kindly stop talking. Where are my sons?”
“You’ve been watching me ever since I woke up, haven’t you?” Sherlock accused. “Ah, no, I see. You’ve been watching me for years - decades, even.”
John stared at himself in the mirror, mentally berating himself.
“The prince grew up in that castle. He knows its layout and hiding places better than anyone else,” John reasoned. “Prince William is the best person for the job, and I’ll be damned if I’m letting him go in there alone.”
you already observed that I’ve been out. I did the shopping.
Feel free to tell me if you notice any mistakes or inconsistencies that particularly bother you.
Sherlock turned his gaze on John.
to hide it.
“Oh, please do,” John replied. “I’ll have to see for myself.”
The young prince took a moment to get his stocking-clad feet used to the sensation of solid ground beneath them before he walked unsteadily to the largest window in the room. It was boarded shut haphazardly, thin rays of light streaming through the cracks. Sherlock dusted off the windowsill and ran his pale fingers over the rough planks of wood. He slipped his fingers between two of the slats and pulled, wincing as the wood splintered and cracked. Grunting with the effort, the prince braced himself with one leg on the stone wall, pulling at the wooden board with all his might.
“Not really,” Irene replied. “Thanks so much for stopping by.”
Someone had changed his clothes.
I can't thank everyone enough for leaving such lovely comments on the last update. I've saved them all, even though that chapter's been replaced with this one. I think I reread those comments every week or so just to put a smile back on my face. :) Thank you from the very bottom of my heart. <3
"Can you tell me what her friends were like?"
"Come downstairs.  We'll have some breakfast and talk."  Mrs. Hudson folded the paper under one arm and headed downstairs.  John followed her.  He wondered how long she had been up; there was water boiling for tea as well as scones and marmalade set out.  "I'm an early bird, always have been," she told him.  "You boys usually aren't up at this hour."  She gestured towards a chair.  "Sit down."  He sat down and took a cup of tea.  Mrs. Hudson sat herself down in a chair opposite him.  "Have you ever thought about how much trust a child has?"
"Because that's how people like that woman -" here she gestured to the front page again - "work.  Find a little one who doesn't have something they need and give it to them."  She paused.  "Unless it was his mother?"
Martin didn't think "the body I'm in now needs to gain weight" was a sensible answer.  "Changed my mind."
"Oh, she did?"
"No," said Sarah after a moment.  "I read through the whole form and I noticed he said he was sexually active.  He seemed so young that I checked his birth date and I saw he had just turned thirteen the previous day."  She paused.  "That raised warning bells for me.  I told him I wanted to do a more complete examination and I got him in a gown.  There was bruising on his thighs."
"Did you interact with her while she worked there?"
After a moment of silence, Clark asked: "When you lived in London you only knew a little English?"
An eerie silence hung over the court as Mrs. Harvey came to stand in front of all of them.  John resisted the urge to be angry at her.  Even the worst criminals needed a defense, and she was just doing her job.  That didn't stop his stomach muscles from contracting, though.  "Mr. George was right before.  Child abuse is a horrible topic, and many abusers are right amongst us," she began.  "It's such a horrible topic that sometimes we lose the ability to think rationally about it.  The photographs he mentioned do in fact exist, but they are not Dr. Martin's at all and in fact belong to someone else.  Someone we will show has considerable reason to be angry with Dr. Martin."  Her constant use of "Dr. Martin" irritated John; he knew it was an attempt to make her seem as respectable as possible.  "But Dr. Martin has never had any complaints in her long pediatric career.  She's never had any complaints about her foster care work.  Unfortunately, there is one individual who has a grudge against her.  He is the one who is responsible for all of the charges now, and he is sadly mentally unbalanced.  As this trial goes on, we hope you will see that there is nothing Dr. Martin is guilty of other than placing trust in the mentally ill.  Thank you."
"Do you hate me?"
"And guess whose brother got a job?" Gloria took a seat right next to John, while Jason sat next to Mari. She was about his height, but much smaller, chestnut-skinned and high-cheekboned.
"Like who?"
The meeting wasn't due to start for another fifteen minutes, but since he had nothing else to do, he went upstairs.  John thought he'd be the first one in the office, but once he opened the door he saw Eli parked in a chair.
"Not then.  I told Her that I didn't know."
"No one else seemed concerned by it," Sarah said firmly.  "And I told myself it wasn't a big deal.  But honestly?  If Dr. Martin has been a male Kelly instead of a female one, I'd have talked to social services."
"I can understand why you're angry, but is this going to help?"  John hoped he sounded gentle.
"I'm looking forward to it." Sherlock turned and left the room, coat swishing behind him.
"Touching Herself.  And She took pictures."
"How about I make a deal with you. You can tell me more about this person, but don't tell me their name or what they look like. That way, if they ask you if you've told anyone about them, you can still say no."
"Then I'm headed out the door now.  I should be there in thirty minutes."  The mobile disconnected.
“It was.  He.  No.”  The idea that Sherlock Holmes was unable to put his thoughts into words was the most frightening thing about the situation.  “He didn't do anything.  We just talked.”
"Probably not."  John took a deep breath.  "I think you need to come here.  Your son ran away yesterday and came here tonight.  He was under a bridge but he didn't like how some of the people looked and headed here."
"Not this week."
Now John understood. Sherlock had apparently gone into a dissociative state as soon as the subject of childhood abuse came up. "I think we both need something to eat."
"You're right. I had to talk to this little girl, nine years old. She was admitted through A&E for vaginal lacerations. Obviously sexually abused but refused to say who it was." John was surprised to see Sherlock's eyes widen slightly, almost as if he was horrified as well. Maybe he was. Murder was one of those things most people could imagine the motivation for, but molesting a child definitely wasn't.
"She asked me if I knew a song.  I did because Daddy had the CD that played it.  She put Her hands on my belly and told me to bounce up and down while we sang it."
"And you don't want anything."  Phillip paused.  "Well, you do, but there's no..."
"Are you still interested?"
Almost all of K's threats to a relative's well-being were directed at Mycroft, but the idea that someone would be hurt or die if he said anything weighs heavily on him. He knows intellectually by now K couldn't have caused his mother to have a stroke, but he heard it at a young age and this has never left him. It's emotional reasoning.
"Go away.  I already told you that it wasn't up for discussion."  Despite what he said, Sherlock made no motion to leave the room.  "Save all your concern for the trial."
"But most things?"
He went up the stairs and opened the door. Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa, still in pajamas, using his stuffed bee Hamish as a pillow. This made John sigh with relief; if he had recently gotten high on cocaine he wouldn't be calmly lying on the sofa.
"Did you do that?"
"What's in your bag?" Sherlock asked.
Planes, to Sherlock, were a means of getting from one place to another. He didn't care how they worked and he didn't need the other man, Douglas, warning him not to touch the instrument panel. Even now as they were in flight he kept looking over to make sure Sherlock didn't break the rules.
"I didn't want them to go into care at all, but I said if they really felt that was the only way to protect her I'd let them go, which was true.  My daughter's safety was the most important thing.  Eventually they decided that since it clearly wasn't someone in the home she'd feel more secure there.  I was told to keep an eye on her and I planned on doing that.  No more walking the dog by herself."
"How are you acquainted with Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena?"
"Do you think he might have influenced her to pick a particular person out?"  John could see Clark in the defense station make some sort of motion with his hands.
"That will be fine," Sherlock curtly replied.  "He typically rings me at night and I suspect he will be doing the same.  I hope you're going to find some of those foster children She has taken care of before."
"How long have you managed the property?" Susan said to redirect her.
"Not at first."  If it hadn't been for the microphone there, John was sure no one would have heard her.
"What?"
They didn't speak any more that night, but when John got up in the middle of the night to get himself a drink, he could see Sherlock sitting by the window, staring out over the city. John didn't ask what he was doing or what he was thinking, because he was starting to realize there was a great deal he didn't know about Sherlock. He was so angry and determined about this case. He seemed to know exactly what to say to Moira and what she felt. This was creating a disturbing picture, but he only had vague remarks to go with. And he wasn't sure if he wanted to find out about more of it.
That seemed to stymie Sherlock; he looked confused as he sat there and digested that information.  "I think I should bring this upstairs," he finally said.  He headed up the stairs, bee tucked under one arm.  Since he clearly needed time alone, John decided to give him some space.  He half expected to not see him for the rest of the day.  Almost every time he had an emotionally charged conversation with John recently he would flee once it was done.  John stretched out on the sofa intending to watch telly for a while but the whirlwind of the past few days caught up with him and he only watched it for a few minutes before drifting off to sleep.
"Have you lived in the UK for most of your life?"  Lou was clearly letting Victor just chat for a bit, most likely to impress upon the jury what an upstanding citizen he was.  John looked at the buffalo and most of them were smiling; Victor passed their tests.
"Are you an artist, then?"
"No. Dr. Watson's a nice man. You can bring him."
With a relieved sigh Martin left the chair and sank down into the nearby sofa. He picked up the laptop again, pulled up a web browser, and typed in the URL for the JetPhotos forum he was a regular at.  Thankfully, it came up and he could even recognize a few threads - the endless debate about the safety of the 747, the conspiracy theorists bringing up past crashes, and the congratulations for the new captains of various airlines.  He tried logging in, but wasn't surprised when it didn't work.  Oh, there was a thread for the 1985 JAL crash anniversary from a few days ago; he felt sad that even in this world it had still happened.  He'd left condolences for the families in the thread in his world.  Since he didn't have an account he couldn't do that here, but he was curious how different the threads would be.  The first post... wait, that couldn't be.  Four survivors?  There were at least twenty.  He reminded himself it was another world, but reading more of the thread didn't make him feel any better.  In this world, no rescue officials had been sent out until several hours later, since authorities thought there were no survivors.  All four names of the survivors were ones he recognized, but his heart sank even more when he realized one of them had a sister survive in his world, but not in this one.  At least that mother and daughter had still both lived.
"Do you know Dr. Martin's full name?"
"There are parts that are hard to remember, but before I finished the drink it's all clear.  I only don't know about what happened in the flat, when she got on top of me."
Peter actually smiled after his outburst. "How long did this go on?" he asked John.
"At this point, no."  He opened the laptop again, took out the flash drive and put it aside, and his hands started to fly across the keyboard.  It was almost like he had forgotten John was there, and uncertain what to do himself, John simply left the room.
.  Suddenly very glad he hadn't put a hand on him, he started to move closer to the bed and his foot met a ball of fluff.  He reached down and picked up Hamish from the floor.  Hoping it would work, he dropped the stuffed toy in Sherlock's lap.
Downstairs, he could hear Douglas moving about. He had no doubt that if there was a way he could be simply locked in this room until everything got fixed, the man downstairs would have done it. At least John would try to not act too upset at the man in his body now.
"Not that I'm aware of."
"If I can take off the sheets first."
Sherlock’s entire body crumbled as soon as he heard that.  “She did too and I made Her leave.”
"Is that really something that would just slip out?"
"I agree.  In the office, everyone," Mr. Aherne told his children.  After a minute or two all of them were back in the office and settled in chairs (with the exception of Sherlock, who stood off to the side).
"How do you know this isn't some sort of joke?"
"Yes, I am," John replied, and left it at that.
"No toes."
"I wanted to see what he'd say," he replied.
"Yes, and probably even more than that," Sherlock commented.
In sharp contrast, the Aherne’s flat was lit up like a birthday cake, creating a beacon of light that drew them in.  Lestrade was waiting outside for the two of them.  “Come on in,” he said.  “No one saw the intruder, but in the girl’s room the window screen has been cut.”  He escorted them inside without further details.
"The Ahernes should be here soon, and we can't talk to a witness with anyone else here.  Even Lestrade is leaving in a minute, once we go over some details," Lou added.
"How did your meeting go?"
"I was only trying to -"
"When did you get charged with possession?"
Sherlock knows at this point he is going to get involved in the case, even if he has to sneak around.  His brief glee isn't from a case or even from thinking of outsmarting the Yard - it's only about the idea of finding this person and putting them in jail.
As the audience filed out once more, John noticed that most of them appeared to be in a state of shock.  Whoever had laughed before certainly wasn’t laughing now.  In fact, no one appeared to be speaking at all.  He waited in silence with the rest of them and when the time was up filed back into court with the rest of them.
“We’ll find him and deal with him then,” Siger replied. He leaned away, gripping Violet’s elbows tightly. “I’ll get Hawkins. You find Wiggins. Do you have a sword under there?” he asked, pulling at her skirt.
John nodded, his eyes (so,
Irene smirked at him from the doorway. “Knew that’d get your attention. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of the party. All you need to do is show up.”
Dinner with John set everything right.
made John’s stomach churn. Boyfriend? Ex? Just some creep who happened to know Sherlock? John looked to Sherlock for guidance, his heart in his throat. The taller man’s face was pale, his eyes widened in surprise. His lips were set in a grim line, and his jaw was tightly clenched.
“Shall we rent a car?” Sherlock nibbled at John’s left shoulder blade, rubbed his nose in a circle against the unblemished skin around the white raised scarring.
the miracle. I love you, god I love you.”
He puts both hands on either side of the doorway and tilts his head. “You coming in?”
John shook his head, a smile playing at the corner of his mouth despite himself. “Clever bastard.”
“Just making sure.” John casts a dubious gaze across Sherlock’s face, and then lays his head snug in the crook where Sherlock’s shoulder meets his neck. “Ten more minutes. I just wanna lay here for ten more minutes.”
The look on Lestrade’s face is half consternation and half amusement as he slips out with a nod. “I’ll be in touch.”
Sherlock sobs once, ragged and choked, as his fingers contract inside John. The sound of Sherlock’s pleasure and the pressure on his prostate are too much. He feels himself tipping over, his limbs shaking, hot chills racing over his skin. “Sherlock, I -” John comes with a bitten off whine, his leg wrapped tight around Sherlock's hip, fucking himself on Sherlock’s fingers and biting into his lip until the skin snaps under his teeth.
“Very true.” John lifts one limp chip up and lets the gravy drip off before folding it in half and shoving it unceremoniously in his mouth.
“Oh, I am.” John’s hand slid around to Sherlock’s jaw and tugged. “Get up here, gorgeous, and I’ll show you how very serious I am.”
Sherlock's eyes widened, bright with worry in the struggling winter light. He raised his hands in a calming gesture, palms outstretched toward John. The panic was blinding, blurring that beloved face into every prostitute he'd ever used, their pink hands and black curls, their faces a mash of bitten lips and desperate noises. He shook his head, tears spilling over, and tried to make himself see Sherlock as he really was. He couldn't. He gagged, tasting tobacco and sour sweat on his tongue.
“So, first case without Greg. Feels a bit strange, yeah?”
"I get the feeling you don't say that much." John shoves his hands in his pockets, looking bashful again, like he did when they met in the alley.
"Shut up." Sherlock murmurs without heat.
- that means beautiful - spread your legs for me, that's it."
Also, I made John a year younger than Sherlock. It just seemed right for this incarnation of them.
“No, I wouldn’t let him - “ Sherlock cuts himself off, mindful of his promise of the morning, not to lie to John anymore. “Well. I would if I had to, but I don’t think I’ll have to.”
Sherlock arches his hips up, his cock bobbing against his stomach, and moans, "Please.
Jim nods at the loo, winks. "Go ahead, my dear."
“I can’t. I don’t know -” Sherlock fades out, shaking his head.
"Yeah?" He whispers breathlessly, watching Sherlock's throat moving.
“Your boyfriend’s...protective. It’s
There’s a creak, and John’s standing beside the bed. Sherlock blinks, casts his eyes over the gentle indentation of John’s navel, the smattering of blond curls below, and up to John’s smiling face. His eyes are soft and black as he looks down at Sherlock.
“Impatient,” John teases, misunderstanding.
Sherlock swallows, his jaw caught in John’s strong hand, his wedding band hard and cool against Sherlock’s skin. He knows better than to argue, even as every cell in his body is telling him to stay here, don’t leave this room until he solves it, push himself until he can’t think about anything but this, and that's when the revelation will come, that's when he'll solve it -- he opens his mouth to say all that, but the only thing that comes out is, “Yes, John.”
John’s mouth goes into an
"Mmmm. Bags can wait. We're not in London, no one's going to nick them." John voice was half lost in the hollow between Sherlock's collarbone and his throat. Warm lips traced up over Sherlock's jaw with just enough suction to make his eyes roll back in his head as his breath hitched.
"What it would be like to go home. Because I haven't stopped thinking about it for a solitary second since..." Sherlock took a deep breath and sank deeper onto his heels, laid his arms alongside John's thighs. "We'll get a cab from Heathrow and ask him to drive us through the whole of London before we get to Baker Street. We'll get home in the early morning, when the sun is still low and orange, and the river will be shining and glimmering, the tide will be in and the water will be high. We'll roll down the windows and smell the water, and you'll reach across the seat of the cab and take my hand. We’ll have the cabbie drive up Regent Street right to the mouth of the park, and then turn left on Marylebone Road. Speedy’s will be closed, and there won’t be anything to eat in the flat, so we’ll stop at that Costa on Baker Street before we go home, and get coffees and breakfast rolls. When we get home, we'll stand on the kerb for a few minutes, just taking it in, seeing what's changed, how the stone's gotten just a bit sootier, the door a bit more scuffed. I'll make sure the knocker's crooked, and you'll laugh and tell me I'm ridiculous. I'll open the door, and we'll smell Mrs Hudson's breakfast cooking - rashers and eggs and tea - and the sunlight will be tumbling down the steps up to 221B, and you'll reach up and pull my face down to yours and kiss me, and it'll taste like airport coffee and unbrushed teeth and it will be perfect and we'll never want to stop. We'll walk up the steps, you in front of me, and I'll carry the bags. When we get in the flat, it will be dusty and stale and we'll throw open the curtains and the windows and run our fingers over every book, every old newspaper, every bit of clutter that's just as we left it. We'll sit in our chairs, and light the fire, and smile at each other, and you’ll make tea, and it will be as though we never left. Except it will be even better, because...we can say it now. Because loving each other won’t hurt anymore like it used to.  All this ugliness and being apart behind us forever.
“Bio lab,” Sherlock replied. “I’ve got an experiment to deal with.”
Irene knew it was a fight she wouldn't win. She sighed softly and closed her eyes, trying to ignore the heat of John's gaze.
Then, exactly four things happened at once. The first was a magpie’s call ringing in John’s ears, and he noticed the familiar bird sitting intently on his windowsill, fat snowflakes drifting to the ground behind it. The second was Shan’s decision to leap off the bed, throw herself at John, startle him into throwing his arms around her waist to balance them both, and begin showering John’s cheeks and neck with ruby red kisses. The third was Sherlock nearly falling into the room, tears dripping down his face, his eyes wide and scared and hurt and embarrassed and
"Our Mum wasn't much for a cuddle.  She was good to us but she didn't touch us a lot.  So when someone tells you to call Her Mum and wants to have a cuddle with you it seems good."  She paused, glanced at her brothers, and began again.  "I was twelve then.  Not much different than other girls.  Boy crazy."  She looked down at her hands.  "Anyway, She'd ask me about school every day and then two weeks in She asked if I'd kissed any boys yet.  Told Her I hadn't, and that was true.  Asked me then if I fancied any boys yet.  Course I did, seemed like that was all the other girls talked about.  So then She said when She was my age She'd kiss a pillow and pretend it was a boy.  And I said that isn't much like a person, and She asks me if I'd ever practiced.  I said no, and She said that when She was in school the girls all practiced with each other.  I knew some girls that did and said that.  So She leans over and kisses me.  On the lips, but not hard.  Asked me then if I liked it, and I said I did, because it wasn't bad really.  So I said it wasn't bad, kind of tingly.  Then I said that the shagging part was the one that sounded bad.  Couldn't see why anyone would like getting something like that stuck in you.  So She said that I just didn't know what the good part was like, and did I want to see.  And I did because I wonder why people seem to like that and we go up to Her room.  Then She tells me to take off my skirt and knickers and lie down."  There was a lengthy pause.
"He hasn't seen his father in ten years.  Will the court give him to his dad that easily?"
"You should."
"She's always like this with sciencey things," Mr. Aherne added.  "I once told her about hill cows.  They always graze on a hill and so they've got right legs that are shorter than the left ones.  She went to her room right away and drew two cows and cut them out, brought them back to me, and then used a plate to show how they'd fall over unless all their legs were the same length."
to let the person continue to roam the streets. He's reasonably terrified of this person, although not in the same way Moira is.
“Exactly.  Our best lead is of course the flat Phillip and possibly Moira have been to.  There’s little to go on there, of course.”
"Sherlock and I?  No."
"His mother just left him by himself all weekend.  She let him spend a great deal of time with someone on trial for child abuse.  You have a good case."
"No, I figured I'd eat once I was done questioning him. I suppose we'd be leaving the hospital? Can't imagine the food in the cafeteria is much better than what they serve on the patient trays," Lestrade chuckled.
"I do," Sherlock said, glad to be able to answer a question with a straightforward answer.
"Did he ask you anything more at all?" pressed Harvey.
"Yeah.  He said that if I didn't want to answer I could just say so.  I liked that.  I told him how it happened and then he asked what we'd been arguing about.  I said I didn't want to tell anyone that and he didn't ask me anything more about it."  His face had once again become flushed.
Before the conversation could degrade into a shouting match, John cleared his throat.  "You say you came here to talk to me.  What do you want to say?"
"The fraud charges?" John asked, mostly to himself.
"He's already had his social services visit, and he passed that.  His mother left him alone all weekend, she has done so before, and let him spend time with an accused child abuser.  What's more, he wants to live with his father."
"Will they really let me live with my dad?"  It was a sad reminder of all he had been through that his first was disbelief.
Lestrade put his head out the door, looking over John's shoulder.  "Mr. Aherne, good to see you.  It's probably better to have this conversation in the office and not the hall, though."
“What do you mean?”
“Coming home,” John sent back.  Once they were back at Baker Street, John reached for his wallet.  The cab driver indicated he had already been paid.  Leaving a couple of pounds for a tip, he raced up the stairs and came back into the flat.
"I'm going today," Sherlock responded, his voice flat.  It was like all of the emotion had been bled out of him.
"It's fine," Martin said truthfully, although he would have given anything for one of Douglas' gourmet-seeming meals, or airport sandwiches, or even Arthur's Surprising Rice.
"I'm not trying to."  Sherlock didn't break his blank stare at the ceiling.
"The saxophone is a complex instrument and it is typically recommended that someone wishing to play it start on the clarinet to familiarize themselves with the layout," Sherlock responded in the "you're an idiot for not figuring this out yourself" tone John hadn't heard in days.  "Of course some will find the clarinet pleasing on its own."
"If you like."  As Sherlock reached to the side of the chair to pick up his violin, he gestured to John that it was all right to come down the stairs.  By the time John came down to the room, the two of them were playing some new tune.  "Good morning, John," Sherlock said without missing a note, like he hadn't seen him sitting on the stairs for the last fifteen minutes or so.
"Never went to sleep," Sherlock said, glancing over his shoulder briefly.  The other man had come to stand in the doorway.
"Why did you decide to tell all this to the prosecution?"
Sherlock's expression went from anger to fear. "None of your buisness."
When John was ready to go to bed himself, he knocked on Sherlock's door.  He got a wordless noise that indicated he could come in.  "Do you want me here tonight?" he asked once he was inside.  Sherlock wasn't sleeping but lying on his back with Hamish next to him.  To John's surprise, Sherlock nodded, and John left to get ready for bed.  He came back a few minutes later, turned off the lights, and crawled in.
Whether Sherlock was aware that John was watching from the window, he didn't know.  He grinned and although he was too far away to see, John imagined that his eyes had just lit up.  "Oh, yes, this will be very helpful.  I'll go right now.  Thank you, Phillip."  He twirled and looked like he was about to dart off without a second thought, but stopped after a few steps and turned around.  "Go home, Phillip, or go somewhere safe."  Phillip said nothing in response, but nodded and walked back in the direction he’d come from.
When Sherlock decided that he couldn’t listen to this for any longer, he blurted out “Why are there two geese living in the garden?”
"Just so you know, none of the other Yarders know I'm here or that you are helping. I intend to keep it that way; although you were much better talking to the girl yesterday than anyone would believe I think the others still need to be eased into the idea." Lestrade put the file down on the table and sat down in a nearby chair. This was enough to break Sherlock out of his stupor; he got out of the chair in an awkward twist and headed to the table. He didn't sit down, but he did pick up a few pages from the file and began to examine them.
Donovan took a deep breath and swallowed. Whatever it is, it must be awful to disturb a member of the police, he thought to himself before she began to speak. "Last night there was an admission from A&E. A nine year old girl was brought in by her father after he found her knickers stained with blood in the clothes hamper. An internal exam was done and there was damage to the genitals consistent with long-term sexual abuse. She claims nothing happened and no one's hurt her."
"Excellent.  I need to ask him some very important questions."  Sherlock sounded completely like himself again, and that was a relief.
John rushed to his side. “Shit! Are you all right?”
he muttered to himself before turning to John. “Victor Trevor,” he introduced. “Nice to meet you.”
Greg and Rosalie wore matching horrified expressions at John’s words. Laughter rumbled in Sherlock’s chest and fought its way out of his mouth. Meanwhile, John’s high-pitched giggles were already dancing around the room.
“I didn’t know it was the
John grimaced. “No-”
“Mycroft!” screeched the younger prince. “Why would you do something like that?! I’m going to die here! You have to get me out of this tower.”
John nodded, scratching his newly-shaved chin. “Could work,” he muttered to himself. “If a quarter of your troops are on the border and a quarter come at him from the left, right, and center each, we should be able to overtake him. Still, you can’t just march in.”
“Yes,” the woman piped up. She cleaned the bite wound on her hand, glaring at Sherlock. “It sounds like a fairytale, we know, but… what else are we supposed to call them?”
There was a face in the mirror.
“Mike-”
Irene’s stomach twisted, and she raised her sword. The blade sunk cleanly into Mary’s back, scraping against the cobblestone under her body.
Suddenly, the prince’s head whipped up.
John wasn’t so sure.
Sherlock turned to the knight as if just realizing he was still there.
was going to have fun with all this.”
There came the sound of a door slamming open, and several voices talking at once.
The woman at the door, Stella, rolled her eyes. “Anywhere else, really.”
They stood there for a few minutes, staring at each other intently. There was something familiar about the man, in his kind smile and tired eyes and tanned skin, but Mycroft’s mind was elsewhere.
like a wedding or two.”
“Yes, you really should,” John replied. “Where are Greg and Rosalie, anyway?”
“Why not, if we need them more?”
The knight grimaced.
“Yes. Well. Hello, John,” Sherlock greeted, drawing himself to his full height. “I didn’t realize it was you.”
He needed to find his brother.
John’s mind turned to nights spent wrapped in Sherlock’s warm embrace, the prince’s hot breath on the back of his neck or on his collarbone, their legs tangled together under layers of blankets.
Irene gathered her courage and glanced down at her master’s brand.
The prince bathed for the first time in a week, scrubbing his skin until he was pink all over. He relaxed in the tub for half an hour before climbing out, drying himself, and curling up in bed under the covers. The prince tossed and turned under the sheets, searching for warmth and finding nothing. He was alone with his thoughts, the darkness offering him no comfort. Not wanting to subject himself to more nightmares, Sherlock stayed awake for hours, his mind racing with the possibilities of the next day.
Moriarty stood before them, his hair white and his face wrinkled. His eyes, dark and bottomless, narrowed, and a shiver ran down John’s spine.
“I didn’t expect company,” John returned. “Can I help you with something?”
would be there, John right along with him (however reluctantly).
“I wanted to make sure you knew I meant what I said,” the knight told him, shaking his head. “I wouldn’t do anything to hurt you. He- The King said… I just wouldn’t, all right?”
~*~*~
John's arms encircled Sherlock, keeping him close to the blond's chest. His nose was buried in Sherlock's curls, and he snored softly. Their legs were most likely tangled together under the covers. Sherlock lay with his back to the knight, and their entwined hands rested on the mattress in front of him.
He smiled. "I know."
John turned to Sherlock, his brows knit together.
“Marvelous,” Irene replied, grinning. The buzzer rang, and she rolled her eyes. “I’ll just get that, then. You get yours!”
John stared up at none other than Sherlock Holmes, his mouth open in disbelief. The man’s eyes remained glued to his feet, suddenly unable to meet John’s. It was just as well, since John couldn’t tear his own gaze away from the way Sherlock shyly bit the pink flesh of his bottom lip. He swallowed hard and pushed himself to his feet.
“All right,” Mike replied easily. “Then the Magic in London is more hateful than the Magic that likes you.”
Irene nearly rolled her eyes as Mary screamed, “You bitch! Good-for-nothing animal!”
John shook his head. “No,” he said plainly.
“We can’t
“It’ll happen!” John protested adamantly. “I keep telling you. It’ll happen when it happens.”
“Beware Shan. She won my nephew’s heart and makes him happier than I’ve seen him since before his father’s death, but she has a wicked heart and a sharp tongue. Do not trust her quickly. I have talked to my nephew about her loyalty, but he will hear no word of it. You will listen to me.”
The prince stared at the mirror, his jaw dropped and his fingers twitching, itching for something new to hold. Minutes passed, and the girl in the mirror did not return. Sherlock, bored out of his mind, sat on the windowsill and watched the snow fall, his legs dangling over the edge. He wouldn’t jump this time, of course. No, he wouldn’t jump from anywhere if Mycroft was still around to catch him.
But that wasn’t important now; what was important was that someone
“Well, I’m here, aren’t I?” Sherlock snapped, his whole body tensing at the reminder of his little brother’s death. He relaxed as John’s warm hand covered his. “I’m here, and you’re going to help me.”
Molly Hooper, one of the shyer girls in his biomedical science course, sat nearly on top of Sherlock, giggling and beaming down at him with hearts in her big brown eyes. He was talking animatedly, his free hand gesturing wildly, a small smile playing at his pink lips.
“Do you know what’s been happening to us?” the woman asked, her eyes unbearably sad.
“I found you!”
The man was silent. Mycroft turned to look at him, fussing with the hem of his shirt.
This is not The End. There will be 2 more chapters after this one!
things), John’s hot tongue forcing his mouth open and-
“It's fine.”
Greg turned and jogged away, stopping to check the pulse of a man dressed in similar garb. The prince tore his eyes away and took one more look up at his beloved home before rushing inside.
“Oh. It’s John,” the blond replied, swallowing hard. “Sir Watson of, ah, Northumberland Fusiliers… fifth… ah…”
Moriarty grinned as he turned to focus on Sherlock. (John couldn’t blame him.) John willed Magic to heal him, frowning when nothing happened. A slow, thin line of blood trickled down his neck and into his armor. The blade had barely broken his skin.
As sunlight streamed into the circular stone room, its contents were slowly revealed.
Sherlock nodded in thanks. “You won’t be any less curious.”
(See the end of the chapter for
thought about it.”
John shrugged. “Maybe. Or maybe I want to ask him at the right time.”
The prince whipped around to face the voice and recoiled at what he saw there, his back slamming against the heavy wooden doors.
“What the
The woman froze, her cloudy eyes darting around the room.
John couldn’t even keep his eyes open for fear they’d be pecked out. He clenched them shut, nocked an arrow, and let it fly, only peeking once to predict the bird’s path of flight. There was a shrill call for help as John’s arrow hit its target, and the sound tore at John’s heart. He opened his eyes for just a second; it was long enough to see the magpie drop to the ground and stain the snow with its blood.
Both Shan and the King looked about ready to explode, and John had to hide his smile.
“They don't,” Irene replied simply. “Well, maybe one of them wouldn't mind, but the other hasn't even thought about it.”
“Yes, he was, a bit. What’s wrong with that?”
“Prince William.”
Unedited like always. I got so impatient so I'm uploading in the morning before school instead of a reasonable time.
“I’m not in love,” Sherlock refuted. “I’ve talked to him four times.”
John opened his eyes and screamed.
“I know, John,” the prince replied, smiling faintly.
“We can’t start a war with London just because one knight from- Where are you from?”
Oh, and...
“Didn’t Mike wanna set you two up, though?”
“Myc?”
in a tower like his surroundings suggested, there should be a trap door on the floor, or at least a winding staircase, but there was nothing. The only way out of the room was through the largest window, but even that would end in certain death. A gruesome image came to Sherlock’s mind then: pointed boughs and pine needles protruding from his pale body, the light in his eyes permanently extinguished.
There was no one there to see the tears slowly dripping down Sherlock’s face, a fact for which he was infinitely grateful.
is happy to see me.”
“Well, a man can be both. I can take a look if you’d like.”
“You were never like that.”
“For someone so brilliant,” Sarah chuckled, “you’re awfully daft sometimes.”
“So why do you think it’s a good idea to go?”
Sherlock laughed, and John caught his lips again, burying his hands in dark curls. The taller man grinned into the kiss and brought his hands to John's waist and neck, tracing patterns on tan skin.
“And Mycroft,” the prince offered, sniffling. “Mycroft is here but I can’t find him you need to see him he’s somewhere outside I don’t know I don’t know I-”
This was kind of a long chapter. I don't think the next one will be quite as lengthy.
Sarah agreed, nodding sagely. “She’s right. Brilliant, she is.”
“Myc and I’ll take it,” Greg offered. “We’ve got to head out anyway.”
“He does not know because he does not wish to see it.”
~*~*~
The Queen smiled devilishly and settled on John’s bed, patting the space next to her. John stood still in the center of the room, knowing very well that if he asked for help, the Queen would turn it on him.
Don’t you get
That meant that said person was small enough to fit through one of the holes in the wall. Either that, or they were still in the tower. The latter seemed more likely.
Magic loves deeply and without restraint. The only problem is that there is nothing like Magic on Earth. So Magic settles for loving humanity, and loves it as it is - greedy and generous, conniving and sweet, guilt and innocent, deceitful and honest, completely imperfect and utterly flawless.
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock croaked. “You kept me alive for this?”
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled as he beamed. John smiled back just as widely, giving Sherlock’s hand a small squeeze.
If he didn’t sound very sincere, John couldn’t bring himself to care.
Sherlock smirked, life flickering in his pale eyes. “Irene broke his nose.”
“I don’t think they dislike you,” John said. “They’re probably unsure of how to act around you. You’re a prince.”
Hours later, the snow finally died down. It was a light, airy snow that picked up with the slightest of breezes, and John hated it. Every time he put his foot down, he sank up to his knee in cold, wet snow. He growled in irritation and kept walking, eager to get to St. Barts, rescue the prince’s sleeping arse, and get back home (if he still had one) as quickly as possible.
“I’m sorry,” John said abruptly. He looked haggard and deeply troubled, and Sherlock never wanted to see that look on him again. “About all this,” John continued. “We… No one knows about it outside here. Half of Northumberland is convinced it’s just a story. My mother used to tell it to me before bed.”
Sherlock woke to the sound of incessant tapping and scraping at stone. He frowned, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. The prince couldn’t remember falling asleep the night before; one moment, Sherlock was staring at the full moon, and the next, he had to shield his eyes from the bright sunlight streaming into the room through the missing stones in the walls. He wondered absently how many years had passed this time.
“I didn’t order a bath.”
Sherlock walked over to the mirror and rubbed his scraggly chin. He really could use a shave, he thought.
~*~*~
The knights John dealt with easily. He had been caught once on his bad shoulder with a mace, and a spear has pierced his thigh (though thankfully nowhere important). John couldn’t tell if the blood on his face was really his.
John thought of his dirty clothes and skin, his very presence smearing the sight of such a clean and elegant room, and an itch crawled up his arms and down his back.
John narrowed his eyes at the woman standing across from him.
“Prince William,” Soo Lin corrected. She turned to John and Sherlock, a bright smile on her face. “We’ll have Kitty and Jeanette show you to your rooms, dear. If you’ll be needing two, that is.”
Irene spat, tears dripping slowly down her face. Wiping her cheeks, the woman wrenched her weapon from Mary’s flesh and ran off to join the larger fight. For the prince. For Sherlock.
Hours later, long since the sun had set, Irene woke up a human, her skin frigid and her fingernails blue. Her hair, matted with ice and snow, rested heavily against her bare back, droplets of water sliding down her skin and making her shiver. Carved into her flesh with Moriarty's dagger, the
John startled. “What?!” he hissed.
Sherlock shrugged. “She helped you, didn’t she? When I was mostly dead, I mean.”
“You’ve always been a romantic interest,” Sherlock corrected quietly. “Until recently, I was under the impression it was rather one-sided.”
“No! I can’t go on like this, John,” the other boy pleaded. “Please, just do this for me.”
and Sherlock had never enjoyed someone’s company more.
“Who says I didn’t?” John replied. “Let me be, Mike. You can’t rush perfection.”
before Sherlock jolted awake in bed, sweat drenching his sheets and gluing his hair to his forehead.
“Prince Mycroft Holmes, formally,” he returned, offering his hand. “Mr. Lestrade, I find that people are not often kind to Sherlock, not genuinely. Call me Mycroft. I’ll hear nothing else.”
Glassy eyes the color of the sky, sunken into a pale, wasted face, stared unblinkingly at something over John’s shoulder. Dark curls fell limp over the man’s white forehead. The only real color on that angular face was on the prince’s lips, as blue as the ocean in summer. The prince’s clothes hung off his thin frame, several sizes too big for him. His shirt collar had slipped over one shoulder, exposing a thin, protruding collarbone. Blue fingers were curled delicately on the prince’s lap, his hands resting peacefully, as if the man had expected to die and chose the most dignified position he could. John ached for this man he didn’t know, wondered if he would be too late to save him, if he was already too late to save him.
Once he had the soap, Sherlock began to scrub dirt from his skin. John drew up a stool and sat next to the prince, wanting desperately to touch but uncertain if he should. Instead of touching Sherlock, John dipped his hand into the water, startling when he felt its temperature.
“And whatever it is, it’s all fine,” John added.
They were quiet for a moment, both staring at each other with stupid grins on their faces. John’s gaze found its way to Sherlock’s lips, and he tore it away, embarrassed beyond belief. He’d
"We can fight him. Together. We'll do it together. The three of us."
John thought Sherlock would have been able to read it on him by the way he laced his boots or something equally as impossible.
“Some contact,” Rosalie answered. She wiped stray tears from her face. “Irregular. Barely anyone keeps time these days. It’s much the same there as it is here.”
“Yes, of course, all the time,” Sherlock replied easily.
“Sherlock,” John called softly. “Sherlock. That’s enough. He’s dead.” The knight paused, glancing behind him. The surviving knight was gone, her weapons abandoned on the floor. “You did it,” John continued. “You killed him.”
“Are you suggesting a foot soldier could protect him better than a trained royal knight?” the King asked, a mocking smile playing at his lips.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said anyway. “I should have been here sooner. I should have-”
“And that’s it? No strategy, no backup plans, no precautions?”
“No, I did
“What’s wrong with you?” Sherlock asked her quietly, watching Stella flirt shamelessly with a blushing Molly.
“He would be accompanied by the finest knights in our army,” the King assured. “You’ve no need to follow him into the castle like a trained dog.”
“I understand if you don’t want me here,” she said plainly, determined not to let her fear bleed through. She had a feeling the prince would notice it anyway.
Harry’s jaw dropped open. “The prince,” she muttered. “St. Bart’s… dear God, John. Are you insane?”
When John returned to Sherlock with a pitcher of boiled water in his hand, the prince was lounging in the tub, his curly head hanging off the edge, his eyes closed. Carefully, John poured the water into Sherlock's bath. The prince bolted upright, sending water splashing over the edge of the tub and onto John's trousers.
Just before it took off, it heard a hushed, awed voice mutter, "Fascinating!"
Sherlock didn’t mind John’s fingers sifting through his hair, even though they were standing in the middle of the kitchen (and even though it’d taken a nasty whack on the head to get there). After no small amount of time had passed, John cleared his throat and handed Sherlock the ice. The taller man took it from him gingerly, letting out a hiss of discomfort as he pressed the ice to the bump on his head.
“And Wilkes just disappeared?” John asked. “Just like that?”
Feel free to tell me if you notice any mistakes or inconsistencies that particularly bother you.
“It’s how
Moriarty seethed.
“We don’t need those,” Sherlock replied. “It’s just the two of us. I know my way around the castle, John. It’s my home. We needn’t worry about making our way to Moriarty. He won’t kill me straight away.”
“Your Highness, surely you have heard the stories of London,” John said. “You have heard of the witch Moriarty and the sleeping prince. He stands before you now. He must save his kingdom and his family, and he can’t do that without your help. We-
I owe you a fall.
“I think so, too,” Sherlock replied, smiling softly. “She’s a meddling, insensitive prick, but I’m glad I have her.”
“Hello, Sir Watson,” she replied, her voice low and charged as she closed the door behind her. “I didn’t expect you to be awake.”
"You really oughtn't," John growled. He ripped his identification badge out of his bag and displayed it long enough for Van Coon to get a quick glance at the symbol there. "Sir John Watson, Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, here on behalf of the venerable Major James Sholto."
There was no real reason to stand frozen in the middle of the room, staring blankly into a standing mirror that had caught his eye, but he found himself doing exactly that. Mycroft cocked his head, his mouth tightening, as he took in the new scars on his too-thin body: two on his stomach, one over his shoulder, and (the most obvious of the lot) one stretched over his left eye, still angry and red after all these years.
The knight considered Sherlock, a prince in commoner’s clothes, and looked away in shame. The prince belonged in a place like this, surrounded by luxury John had never known.
“Idiot!”
Please leave a comment if you loved it, hated it, or have any suggestions about what to do with unmentioned characters or plot points from the series.
damn ice cream.”
The sky was on fire, and John was burning right along with it.
“Hasn’t said a word since. They do not yet know that you are alive, nor Prince Mycroft.”
Grumbling discontentedly, Sherlock staggered into the kitchen and put the kettle on. He paused, stared blankly at the magnet-littered fridge, and frowned as a very pressing thought came to mind.
Sherlock’s defenses rose up. “What’s the problem with that?”
“No, but of course
Mycroft was
He'd gotten off to a positively
“What are you doing here?” he demanded.
(See the end of the chapter for
Morse code? Of
He needed clothes. Dear God above and all that was holy, he
“If you're not going to help me, you might as well leave me alone!” Sherlock cried.
“That’s… comforting, Gregory. Thank you.”
John turned to the King and Queen; he felt the heat of the Queen’s gaze on him as he spoke.
like the idea of- I’d like to keep talking to you, if
It began to snow, and the bird kept flying, its wings moving of their own accord. It wasn't long before its vision started to fade, and it fell to the ground, unconscious, landing in a snowbank far from any village in either direction. The bird curled in on itself, seeking refuge from the storm, and closed its eyes. Snow slowly covered its feathered form until only its beak was left exposed.
Once in town, the woman managed to steal the essentials and bargain for the rest of it; Irene left Dartmoor fully clothed and somewhat armed, a dagger hidden beneath the folds of her pilfered dress. As Irene regained her health, Moriarty’s song came back to her, a too-familiar tune niggling at the back of her mind.
Mycroft turned, covering his stomach with his forearms (leftover self-consciousness from
“Is Mycroft still here?” Sherlock asked, ignoring Irene’s question.
Mycroft bared his teeth at the mention of the witch’s name.
Violet let out a small laugh before pushing her husband away. “No, no! We’re at a ball.
a good idea,” John replied, grabbing a spoon and shoveling breakfast into his mouth. He spoke through mouthfuls of food. “I could die, but I don’t think I will.”
“Why?”
“I feel like I’m beating a dead horse, mate,” Mike interrupted. “What happened the last time you talked to him, then, if you’re so sure he’s going to reject you?”
“Your brother Sherlock.”
it had sown itself back together-”
John smiled and nodded, knowing that he probably wouldn’t seek out the other man’s company despite his friendliness.
John glanced towards Sherlock, whose face gave away no emotion. His arm was linked with Soo Lin’s, the woman gripping his hand tightly. The prince caught his eye and nodded.
"Prince William of London," Sherlock supplied.
He ducked between two houses, cursing himself and the disappointing lack of shadows to hide in. Damn the sun. Damn the winter cold. Damn the bloody dragon.
“Yes,” the boy replied sheepishly.
“Oh, right. I meant to ask you if you’d like to have dinner, or drinks, or… something,” John explained. “And then I figured I’d just have to ask you here. Are you doing anything tomorrow?”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “My chest, I think. You?”
The prince cocked his head. “And what do you mean by ‘lost?’”
"He's right," Sherlock replied, his face warm but his eyes as cold as ever.
Kinda short chapter again. Hope you still enjoy!
“Stop thinking,” Sherlock snapped, his dark brows drawn together.
Sherlock blinked a few times, surprised at the outburst of affection. He turned to John, who stared at him as if he’d grown another head. Two of the boys took their chance to escape; the other, frozen in place by fear, stood completely still, his eyes flicking between Sherlock and John.
(See the end of the chapter for
microwave,” she replied. “Mary and I just-”
prince. It was a handsome picture, but he rather preferred Sherlock as he was now (like him), and wasn’t that
“All right. That’s enough for now. I do hope you figure all this out by the party,” she said. “I’d hate to have you ruin it.”
If Sherlock played his cards right, he would be able to avoid John for most of the party. It would be easy; all he had to do was stay in his room until most of the guests had arrived, talk to a few people who
“My- What?”
John laughed, and Sherlock’s smile grew just a bit.
Soo Lin shook her head. “No. Everyone gets hurt sometime or another. It’s just part of living.”
Apparently, Sherlock liked kissing. He liked kissing a great deal. John couldn’t complain.
“Oh, hush!” Violet snapped. “Listen to your father. None of this is because of you. You’re here now, Sherlock.”
“Yes, I should think so,” the Queen chirped, discarding her dressing gown at the foot of John’s bed. She ran her fingers down her sides and over her stomach. “But I won’t tell anyone if you do what I want.”
Sherlock took a shuddering breath as the blond rushed out of the room. He stood on shaky legs and finally buttoned his jeans. He rebuttoned his shirt (much more carefully this time) and put
touch me, you know,” John teased.
Slowly, Irene turned away. She did not want to see his face when she transformed.
Sherlock stood at the window for what seemed like hours, weakly calling out for his brother.
Mycroft refused to look up, slowly shaking his massive head.
Sherlock’s brain supplied.
Irene’s last words sparked both panic and intrigue in Sherlock. Normally, when Irene had a surprise, it was lacy red lingerie or form-fitting black pants. (“For when you get a boyfriend,” she’d said. “He’ll thank me one day.”) Once, the surprise had actually been a vibrator. The thing was in Sherlock’s bedside drawer, still in its box, unopened and unused. (The walls were much too thin to use it, anyway. Not that Sherlock had wanted to use it! His body was merely transport, anyway, and it really was just a waste of time to dedicate-)
Sherlock wondered if she was dead.
“I thought it was a singles party?”
The sitting room was bathed in soft pink and purple light emitting from the few lamps scattered around the space. White fairy lights hung from the walls, granting a small amount of substantial light to the pink-tinged room. Glittering heart cutouts decorated the walls, and streamers hung delicately from the ceiling, curving and twisting and giving the place a festive, sort of cheesy look.
head.
John had never seen so many reminders of royalty. He imagined Sherlock dressed to the nines - silver jewelry dangling from his neck, wrapped around his fingers, sitting on those inky dark curls in a delicate halo of a crown - and found that he didn’t like
Mycroft remained silent, slowly mulling over Greg’s words. Thankfully, they hadn’t been too far from the castle to begin with, and suddenly they were standing before it, the walls high and imposing and achingly familiar.
Even as the image sent envy coursing through his veins, Sherlock’s face and neck burned as he pictured droplets of water trickling down John’s small, strong body, curving around the taut muscles of his shoulders, clinging to his collarbone and the veins in his neck. The prince imagined the rough scrape of John’s cinnamon stubble against his lips, John’s calloused hands cupping his jaw (and
John hadn’t given it a second thought before bursting into the tower, throwing the doors open wide. Why Moriarty had chosen the tallest, most secluded tower escaped the knight’s reckoning. Even despicable human beings like James Moriarty wouldn’t jog up thirty or so flights of stairs just to sit on a throne.
“Sebastian made his own deductions about me,” Sherlock said, quickly unbuttoning his shirt. “They were, surprisingly, correct.”
John set his jaw. “Yes, Your Highness. My apologies.”
“If we’re lucky, everything’ll go back to how it was before.”
“We’ll find them,” Siger assured, taking her in his arms and tucking his head into the crook of her neck. “We’ll find them. They’ll be all right, I promise.”
“Okay!” he gasped, his heart racing. “Okay. Okay. I’ll get him. Okay? I’ll get him. I’ll- I will.”
To be fair, Sherlock was also an idiot. But at least Sherlock had been an idiot trying to help.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not quite meeting Irene’s careful gaze.
It was hard to remember, considering how high Sherlock had been, but it had involved needles and hands and tongues, and it never needed to be visited. Why was he here now? Why? Whywhywhywhy-
Not beta'd. All mistakes are mine!
“I don’t suppose you’re as enamored with commoners as he is?”
“You! Let my partner go,” Sherlock demanded, “or I’ll kill yours.”
“Would he?” John asked.
“Zhi Zhu,” Sarah snapped, “I suggest we consider the knight’s proposal and reconvene in the morning, after everyone’s had the night to think it over.”
getting into that right now. I
Siger held Sherlock as Mycroft flinched, almost imperceptibly, his mother’s fingertips barely brushing over the scar on one eye.
protecting. But he and I are going in there together.”
An update on the scholarship I mentioned months ago, if anyone cares to know: I did not place, but I was a finalist.
“Thank you, Your Highness. The honor is-”
“I am…
cannot fight Moriarty alone.”
If he could only keep anyone from seeing him until he found clothing or, at the very least, something to cover himself,  then all would be well. Everything would be fine. He would find clothes, find his brother, and find his parents, in that order. He would return to the castle, make sure his people were truly safe, and learn how to walk on two legs again. He would do all that, and everything would be fine - as long as
“Four sections, and we’ll be able to station a wall of soldiers on the border of London and Northumberland,” Shan suggested. “It’ll keep him inside London and our kingdom safe.”
John unhurriedly headed down the stairs, his phone in his hand and his eyes on the screen. He wasn’t particularly…
“You can’t.”
~*~*~
I’m here!”
Mycroft huffed again.
They leaned in simultaneously, pressing their lips together softly. John let his eyes flutter closed and reveled in the sensation of Sherlock's plush lips moving languidly against his own. The blond hummed contentedly, and Sherlock shifted closer, his hand flirting with the edge of John's jumper.
the prince pleaded. “What do you want to keep me from?”
Now, hours later, they stood at the edge of Northumberland, London within spitting distance.
Sherlock shuddered and backed away from the window, sitting heavily on his bed. The prince sighed and put his head in his hands.
~*~*~
The little boy frowned. “Because she’s a dumb girl and I’m a boy and that’s what we do!”
"Not quite."
“Lauriston!” cried the King, turning to Soo Lin. “You want to declare war with
“What do you mean?”
Suddenly, the man groaned. “I never was much good at this,” he explained, casting Mycroft a sheepish grin before he turned and kicked the door in.
“The fearsome beast that guards the tower?” John asked, a small smile on his face.
“You can’t just-”
John woke up slowly. His arms tightened around Sherlock as he came to, slowly blinking sleep out of his eyes. Sherlock turned to him and smiled.
Thanks to my fantastic beta EmmaLockWrites. All mistakes you find are mine and not theirs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing!” John cried. “Absolutely nothing. Nothing at all. It’s just that most kids are sort of dumb.”
“I brought you food,” the girl replied. “Why shouldn’t you trust me?”
“It’s much too bad you couldn’t do the same for… oh, what was his name?”
“Of course I was right. You didn’t do too bad yourself.”
~*~*~
“Five days,” John breathed, hanging his head. “Let’s hope someone’s around to feed us. Otherwise, we’ll have to stretch our rations a few extra days, and you eat too little as it is.”
Sherlock had pouted but agreed nonetheless, and they’d finally set off for London.
“General Shan,” the Queen confirmed, “head of all castle guards like my mother and her father before me. How can you be sure he is stealing from us?”
“Pity.”
Mycroft growled and narrowed his giant eyes. Sherlock narrowed his own, glaring heatedly at his brother.
Sherlock they wouldn’t do anything but talk, so that’s what they were going to do. Plus, the butterflies in John’s stomach didn’t exactly make for suave, confident kisses.
"Soo Lin?" the prince asked quietly.
Sherlock frowned. “Oh. Yes. I should remember that.”
“You only had to ask,” she said, and she promptly disappeared.
I won't be posting any new fanfic for a while, so follow me on tumblr at maybe-strawberry-blue or on instagram at echicks.author if you wanna say hi or something
"Oh my God."
“Yes.”
“Here we are,” the girl said, handing Sherlock her pile of blankets. She placed the wicker basket on the tiny dining table and turned to Sherlock once more. “Those blankets should keep you warm enough. And I’ve managed to find you some food, too. Sorry it took me so long. Not many people cooking at this hour.”
The prince didn’t answer. He strode down the marble hallway like a man hellbent on revenge (which, in a way, he was) leaving John to catch up.
“Oh, right! Oh, John, she’s beautiful,” gushed Mike. “She’s the kindest, prettiest, loveliest soul you’ll ever meet.”
“Someone’s crying,” John finished.
“This is ridiculous,” the King insisted. He turned to his aunt. “These men want us to lead our own people to the slaughter.”
“Oh, you know Irene Adler,” Mike replied, turning to John with a small smile. “She's Sherlock's flatmate.”
“Ford!” the prince yelled, over and over and over until his voice was hoarse and his throat was sore.
“Dinner?” the prince asked, his eyes bright.
Sherlock shrugged, his face heating up.
“You mustn’t be late for lunch,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Sherlock, what do you mean? Of course he’s yours. He came here with you, didn’t he?”
“You’re just putting it off because you’re nervous.”
“John, can you get Sherlock out of his room? It’s just down that hallway there, the second door.”
*screaming*
Not beta'd. This chapter is the longest one written so far, so I hope you all enjoy it!
There was the brief feeling of weightlessness, and Sherlock’s stomach jumped to his throat. He closed his eyes as wind whipped through his hair, his heart beating wildly.
“It’s just guessing,” John persisted.
It took John a minute to realize the knight was talking to him.
Sherlock scowled. “This won’t work on me.”
“Sherlock! Sherlock, please!”
“Safety,” Siger offered with a shrug. “You find the armory, and then find Wiggins. Stay safe. I love you.”
They stared at each other for a long time, neither one moving even an inch. It was Irene who finally broke the silence.
A scream tore itself from Violet’s throat, and she sank to her knees, her silk dress suddenly heavy, a weight she could no longer bear. She sobbed loudly as her husband joined her on the ground, his arms tightening around her. He offered no words of comfort, and Violet knew it was because he had none.
Sherlock, his hair a mess from John’s fingers, his cheeks flushed, his eyes soft and fond, his face lit up like Christmas, looked up at John and gave him a
He lowered his weapon. He lowered his weapon, closed his eyes, and breathed in the cold winter air.
“I offered them some of our food, but they wouldn’t take it. Greg was very eager to leave once I was awake. Rosalie wouldn’t even look at me.”
“Oh, you know,” John replied. “Rescuing the prince, which I’m sure Moriarty won’t be happy about. So. There’s
Getting fucking counseling from a hooker. This was a new low, even for John.
John's shoulders are heaving. There's a pain in his ribs and his head is pounding. This is terrifying. It's like jumping out of a helicopter at the end of a frayed rope, with no parachute and nothing to land on except sand and fragile feet with lots of breakable little bones, which is something he's actually done and right now it seems like the significantly less intimidating option.
“I don’t want to -- Aren’t you angry with me?”
The cabbie squinted at him like he was speaking a foreign language. “The what, mister?”
How could Sherlock have survived? John watched him jump, followed with terrified disbelieving eyes as his body fell. True, he hadn’t seen the actual impact, but he’d seen him just seconds later, blood and brain matter everywhere. He’d taken his fucking pulse. He didn’t have one.
I turned blindly, feverishly seeking his mouth with mine, and felt our noses collide. His tongue slid hot between my arousal swollen lips as he finally took his fingers out of me and repositioned himself. I heard to clink of the petroleum tin again, and the sound of John slicking his cock. He gasped and jerked, biting into my lip.
“No, Sherlock. I need to think about this. This isn’t just you we’re putting in danger. This would be my job if we cock this up, and I’m not about to put my entire career on the line.” Lestrade stands, gathers up the small spiral notebook and pencil he’s been using to take copious notes. “You boys stay put. Stay in this flat. Don’t make yourselves targets. Do not - I repeat,
“Sit anywhere ya like. What’s that accent? Where’re you from?” She waved at him to follow her, hips sashaying purposefully, and tossed him a flirtatious smile over her shoulder.
, just to melt into John’s touch, allow himself to be held. His head tilts down of its own accord, hips and torso and arms naturally unfurling towards John’s body. Like he’s always wanted to, like he never believed he’d be allowed to.
,” Sherlock murmurs into his sweat damp hair, apparently incapable of saying anything else. He grazes his teeth along the ridge of John’s scapula, darts his tongue out to taste his salty skin.
Sherlock's other hand releases his wrists, and John realises Sherlock's going to put it back over his mouth. The pressure is confusingly welcome, even as a flutter of panic stirs in his chest at being restricted to breathing through his nose. Sherlock's voice comes surprisingly gentle. "Okay? Just nod if it's okay."
John sank back, sighed heavily. “You’re right. I just.
“Fuck.
“I know, baby, I’m just. Being an idiot, frankly, because I don’t know what else to say. I’m gobsmacked. What you said. It was the most - ”
John bites into his lip hard, chews the dark thoughts away. Chews until he picks off a healing scab and tastes blood. Relief courses through him.
James shrugs, but to Sherlock’s satisfaction, he blinks first. “Ah, well. There’ll be
But that almost certainly isn’t what
John gets his first assignment.
Mike chuckles and slathers marmalade on a slice of toast. “Anything that isn’t schoolwork?”
The three of them settle on the couch together, John on his left, Molly on his right. It’s perfect, it’s his family, the family he’s made for himself, and he chokes down an overwhelmed sob as John’s fingers tangle with his own.
“I’ve never been more so, John.” Sherlock rubs their noses together and slides down, nestles against John’s chest and wraps his arms around him.
John juts an elbow at Sherlock’s arm, red streaked and thin. "Need that?"
“Good.” His fingertips trailed down my spine and he rested his face against my chest, his soft warm cock pressed against my thigh. It was the most intimate and tender embrace we had ever shared. He cleared his throat. “I have another present, actually. One I’ve been keeping from you for some time. I hope you’ll forgive me if I wasn’t ready to share it with you before now.”
A shiver runs through him. It doesn't escape John's notice, and he smiles all white teeth pink tongue bitten between them, crinkled shining eyes, the water reflected in them. “Good.”
angry. I’m the angriest person in the room, all the time. I hate everything. I hate everyone, and mostly myself.” He paused, nose twitching to the side, and blinked away tears. “I’ve been blaming myself for two years, Sherlock. I’ve walked around for two years thinking I failed you. That it was my fault you were dead. That I’d lost you before we could even…”
“Alright, love. Let’s go home, then. I just wish I had my…” John trails off, fingers instinctively reaching into the waistband of his jeans.
“Still good?”
"Sherlock. I'm never going to be with anyone else again.
“I know,” Sherlock grinned and rubbed his face against John’s cock, allowing the head to slide along his cheekbone. Precome smeared wet against his skin and he shut his eyes and moaned, knowing exactly how wanton he looked.
“Always.” The man’s voice is sickly smooth, quiet. He runs his hand up Sherlock’s leg, thumbs over his balls. Right here. On a park bench with a million kids about.
“There’s not really precedent for this, but then - there’s not precedent for any of this. Yeah, alright. I’ll have to get you booties for your shoes, and you’ll have to shove off the minute anyone objects, but - Scotland Yard. That’s. Impressive.” She turned down the corridor. “Come on then.”
"I like that." John can barely breathe.
“Are you excited about sixth year? I can’t wait to learn how to Apparate,
John shrugs, looking pleased. “I wasn’t sure. So. What’s the verdict?”
“Okay.” They stare at each other, John’s sweaty fingers wrapped around Sherlock’s thin wrist. Sherlock shakes his arm. “Well, go, for fuck’s sake. Go get the money.”
He doesn't know how long he stands in the middle of the sitting room, staring at the back of the door. It's long enough that his leg starts to hurt. He realises there's snot all over his mouth. His shirt is soaked. His knuckle is bloody and sore from where he tore the skin on the key hook. He stumbles into the bedroom and collapses on the bed, too numb and sick to even cry anymore. He doesn't even care enough to wipe his face. He gathers Sherlock's pillow to his face, breathes in the smell of his shampoo and his skin, and shakes and shakes.
"Tee shirt." Sherlock tugged at the hem, rubbing John's stomach with his thumb.
***You'll also note a tense change in this chapter. That is deliberate.
going to pass out. I'm going to get you upstairs in the most expedient way. Don't be - don't be
Hours later, they’re sitting by on the river walk, swinging their legs against the stone wall as the sun comes up orange and huge in the autumn morning. Sherlock passes John the cigarette they’re sharing and takes a sip of the stale water from one of his stash of bottles.
“Yeah, alright. Maybe tomorrow night. Don’t wander.” He had been a good shag. Actually got hard and let John get him off. Some of them didn’t. John did like to make them come. He could pretend it was Sherlock, writhing and shivering underneath him. Just as long as this one kept his mouth shut.
Sherlock grins too, tentatively, and John wonders how long it’s really been for him, because he’s so shy about all this, and John feels a moment of hesitation.
“I know that. You always have.” Sherlock breathes as he reaches to clutch at the headboard. Honest emotion comes easier for him pressed up against John and half lost in pleasure, when he’s not able to think too much before he speaks. “Oh, god, John, please, now, please.”
“Yeah.”
with you. Horribly.”
“You can pull. My hair. You can pull it. If you want.” He licks into the slit again, and Sherlock groans deeply as John hollows his cheeks and sucks as he takes him in all the way.
Sherlock can't take his eyes off of him. Tiny, blonde, boyish - not even his type, really. Usually his attention is caught by dark hooded eyes and skinny jeans, a leather jacket draped over wiry shoulders, a cigarette dangling from full pouting lips. Solitary and sulking is generally the base criteria for identifying a potentially good shag. He's self aware enough to realise his tastes in men run toward the narcissistic, and he’s fine with it, fine with fucking pretty dark haired boys with daddy issues.
“No. But I believe - I believe he wants to do to you what Jim Moriarty wanted to do to my dear brother. Break you down, haunt you, lurk at the edges until he destroys you piece by piece.”
“I know. You do. You let me take care of you, and you take care of me. That's what I need.”
John has never called him - has never called
“John.”
“I know. Shhh. Never. I would
There's enough leather clad emo boys in this club, he could have his pick. However, at the moment, he's
"John, why are you so - " Sherlock stops, at the look on John's face. He's standing in the kitchen doorway with his scarf half undone and his shirt untucked, eyes wide with confusion and not a small amount of fear. "I'm sorry. Maybe I said that wrong. I didn't mean I didn't want you."
He was supposed to see Ella this afternoon.
John buckles the cuffs on each wrist gently, checks to ensure they're not tight enough to restrict circulation, but tight enough Sherlock's hands won't slip out. "Okay?"
“Sherlock, against the wall! Get out of the way!”
There’s nowhere to sit except next to John. Sherlock folds himself up as small as he can manage, leaning up against the wall, and angles his thighs away from John’s. He glances down, estimating the space between them, and instead finds himself looking at the swell of John’s vastus lateralis muscle in his snug-fitting jeans.
All he thinks about is that they belong to each other, that they always have, and that they've simply done everything all wrong. It seethes within him, the question of what they could have been. What they could still be, if John only had the bollocks to say something.
John shakes his head, still grinning wildly, “No,
John laughs at that, pulls away to bend down and pick it up. “I’ll do it. You’re so distractible.”
Sherlock replied nearly as soon as John had finished hitting send.
“Christ, but you’re lovely,” John whispers, slipping under the covers and rucking up Sherlock’s nightshirt with both hands, kissing slowly over each bump of Sherlock’s ribs.
"Look, Sherlock, if you really can't stand it, I'll shave the damned thing off. But
John takes Sherlock's hand and pulls him to standing, then down the short hallway to their bedroom. The late afternoon light is hazy, but bright. John leaves Sherlock standing by the side of the bed and goes to pull the curtains shut. He sets the mirror up against them so they don't drift open and wake Sherlock before night falls.
.” Sherlock rolls his eyes toward the ceiling, his lips trembling with suppressed laughter.
He wondered how Sherlock’s blood looked when it dried. Whether it was thick and sticky like a toffee pudding or whether it was powdery, blowing away in the wind, spreading Sherlock’s DNA all over Smithfield. There was a stain there, still. He made himself walk past it at least once a week. Once, at night, when there’d been no one to report a strange man lingering in the street, he’d actually laid down beside it. Laid his cheek against the edge, the pavement digging into his bad shoulder, and imagined he could smell Sherlock there. Thought about darting his tongue out to touch it, to taste what was left of Sherlock in the world.
As evening seeps through Baker Street, a soft purplish hue draping itself across every surface, John feels shredded. By everything he’s holding inside, by Sherlock’s silence. He slams shut the book he’s been vaguely attempting to read, and Sherlock doesn’t even flinch.
, even. Fully trained adult wizards don’t often go missing for weeks on end just to have a quiet holiday.”
"A ghost with a terrible haircut." John laughs, more bitterly than he means to, and chugs the last of his beer. "Okay. What time?"
This was both a labour of love and a commission of love from addictedstilltheaddict, which was the most wonderfully flattering thing, to have someone love this fic so much they wanted to commission a chapter from me. It meant a lot. I hope this chapter lives up to her hopes.
His eyes crinkle at the edges and lose a bit of their sadness. “Very funny, Mr Punchline. It’s just. You know, I don’t want to have regrets. I have so
“Yeah…..it is. Hey, cutie.” He slithered over to the car and leaned in the passenger window. God, but he did look so much like Sherlock. The same cheekbones, not quite as visible as Sherlock’s, but the same. His eyes were the translucent blue that Sherlock’s were only in the morning, the colour John saw across the table when they were reading newspapers and eating soft boiled eggs. The colour John had always been sure he’d see staring at him across a pillow one blissful morning, and he would have whispered, “Well, good morning, sweetheart.”
John reached over quietly and threaded his fingers through Sherlock's. "Yeah. Just thinking."
Sherlock makes a noise that sounds a bit like whimpering, and it goes straight to John’s spinal column, trilling along his nerve endings until he feels like his entire body is buzzing, and he takes the tip of Sherlock’s cock between his lips and licks into the slit, and Sherlock definitely whimpers this time. His back arches beautifully and John tightens his grip on his hip to keep him still while he takes him completely into his mouth.
"No," Sherlock rasps out. "No."
“Ta.” John smiles and shuts his eyes, crosses his arms over his belly. “I knew I could count on Sherlock.”
John. Unchanged. The same inquisitive blue eyes, outlined with long honey-coloured lashes. The same furrow of concern on his forehead, the same gruff worry in his lovely voice. Comforting and familiar and still able to make Sherlock’s skin shiver all over with just a look. Sherlock would know John anywhere, in any time, in any universe. It
“Any particular reason why?” He looks smug as hell. He
“I - you must promise not to be angry.”
Flirting and sex and crime scenes and murder were so intertwined for them both. They’d fallen in love wearing forensic coveralls and nitrile gloves, bent over bloody corpses. Their first kiss was up against a soot covered brick wall whilst on a stakeout.
“And I should have told you the truth.” Sherlock shuffled them over to the bed and eased John down onto it. John looked up at him, the vulnerability that had always lain beneath the bravado now open and bare in every line of John’s face. Sherlock ached for what they had done to each other, for the cost of being in love and being afraid of it. He brushed John’s wet hair away from his face. “Forgive me? Please?”
"Oh yes, John, yes, okay." Sherlock's voice is strained.
Which was exactly what he intended to do.
"No, love. I do. It's quite romantic, actually. No telly, I like that
Sherlock turns his face up, watches John intently, "You realise they had the wrong man, John?"
After he's soothed Sherlock's angry skin, he sits Sherlock - still endorphin drenched and sleepy - on the chair in their bedroom while he strips the bed and puts on fresh sheets. Then he helps Sherlock into one of his own soft, well worn Army tee shirts and a pair of grey sweatpants and bundles him into the newly made bed.
John lifted their hands up and kissed Sherlock's knuckles gently. "Later. I'm fine, love, honestly."
Jim comes loping out of the bedroom, glass vial twirling between two fingers. “Okay, Sherly, fifty.”
you do.” Sherlock whispered, overcome as he sometimes got. The connection between them so profound, so visceral, Sherlock felt it as a physical presence. He could taste it, see it. It had colours. John’s love was midnight blue. Pumpkin orange. Moss green. It smelled like tea and copper and wood smoke.
"You're staring at me." John didn't take his eyes off his newspaper. He lifted his mug to his lips and took a sip of coffee, set it back down on the table and very much did
Except Sherlock doesn’t
But there
. And playing dumb as brilliantly as only he could.
"Well, yeah. Christening, remember?"
“Now you know that’s not at all true.”
John twists in Sherlock’s arms, so he can see that beloved face, sleep flushed and translucent, his kiss reddened mouth turned up in a crooked smile. Their knees bump, Sherlock’s foot weaving in between John’s ankles. John touches Sherlock’s mouth, slides his fingertips along one graceful cheekbone.
” Sherlock’s grip on his thigh tightens, the pressure of his fingers becoming almost painful as he writhes in John’s arms like a wild animal.
Sherlock sounds wrecked and miserable, and John knows, he absolutely knows Sherlock’s going to say he shouldn’t have, he doesn’t feel the same, that he can’t, all the excuses and justifications John’s heard for five years are about to come spilling out, and their last moments on earth are going to be spent staring at each other like strangers. He takes a deep breath and prepares for it, rocks his head against Sherlock’s and drinks in the last seconds of this closeness he always wanted, even as dread at hearing Sherlock’s words floods through him.
It’s incalculable how much John loves him, and now that it’s out there, exposed and real, it seems to be increasing by the second. Every kiss John’s ever wanted to drop onto those messy curls, every dreamt of soft slide of lips and unspoken promise is unraveling through him, spilling out through his neurons and his mouth and his fingers, making it hard to think rationally about anything but Sherlock.
Most miraculously, he's alive. Breathing, smoking, texting, just being Sherlock. It's been over two weeks. Two weeks of Sherlock curled beside him at night in that miserable hospital bed, and then in their bed at home last night. Two weeks of his soft mouth covering John's, of his deep rumble being the first thing John hears in the morning. Today feels like the first day it's real. Sharing him with Mrs Hudson, telling Ella at least part of it all -- it feels like something he can claim. Sherlock. His life.
"Not like what, a homophobic arsehole? Cause you
“Yeah, you have dried come all over your chin.” John’s crooked grin is salacious and proud.
“Sherlock Holmes.” John rolls the name in his mouth, grins, nods. “I like it. It’s unique, like you.”
while he was leaning over the side? He must have cleared the alley, people shielding their eyes as they ran.”
There’s a beat of stillness, the tension in the air thick and heavy. Sherlock’s barely breathing.
John yawns and stretches, growling contentedly and smacking his lips in such a
Sherlock just stares into the hearth, his fingers tented under his nose, his mind a whirl of noise and clutter. He’s got to sort out what he’s going to do. Normally he doesn’t question Mycroft, not really. He teases and snarks, pretends that Mycroft’s a moron, but he’s never serious.
“I’m going to make such a mess of you,” he said hoarsely, beginning finally to fuck me, his hips moving in the quick little circles he knew drove me mad.
idiots.”
“Do I pick up the fucking package or not?” He slowed as he approached a toll booth, lit another cigarette with a shaking hand.
“You’re still an arse, though.” John grins back and kisses Sherlock until he stops trying to talk.
“Sherlock, I’m
Case. Lestrade rang and I'm at the morgue right now.
"John, good grief, that was awful. You sound like one of those romance novels Mrs Hudson reads." Sherlock skimmed his hands down John's warm and flushed back, pulled him close enough to take John's lower lip gently in his teeth.
However, when he walks into the kitchen moments later, Sherlock hands him a plate with a huge slab of lasagna oozing cheese everywhere, and holds up a bottle of wine with a forgiving smile.
Sherlock's entire back is a mass of scarring, white and red and purple. Thick shiny lines crisscrossed with thin ragged ones, a few pink circles that look horribly like cigarette burns. There are particularly wide ones that definitely look like they were made by some kind of strap. A belt. John's seen enough abused kids in his medical practice to recognise where someone's been whipped with a belt.
It was about six weeks into John’s beard experiment. The gaps and sparse patches had been filled in, and it was much darker than at the start. A deep auburn red in the thickest places, thinning to gingery light brown on John’s cheekbones and Adam’s apple. John washed it with his shampoo, which smelled of Irish moss and heather, and the thicker beard hairs held the scent longer and more strongly than the hair on his head. Sherlock liked rubbing the tip of his nose in it and breathing deep, which elicited one of three reactions from John. 1. If John was blogging, reading, or trying to sleep, he would push Sherlock’s head away in mild irritation. 2. If he was in a foul mood, or if Sherlock didn't stop the first time he asked, he would threaten to shave it off if Sherlock didn’t stop sniffing at him like a stray dog. 3. If he was in a good mood, he would turn his head and slip his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, push him backwards on the sofa, and snog him breathless, letting Sherlock run his tongue all over the beard and laughing,
"Because you are talking about bees. Because you could talk about absolutely anything and I would find it fascinating as hell. Because I can't believe the man who didn't know the earth went around the sun or that we don't currently have a king in this country knows nearly everything about the history of beekeeping and is actually concerned about the declining bee population enough to want to stick bee hives on our roof. Because you always surprise me, Sherlock."
Thanks, as always, the the beautiful, brilliant, devastatingly talented, and gently honest Caitlinfairchild/caitlinisactuallyawritersname, without whose advice and suggestions I would be half the writer I am. Her beta-ing and her friendship keep me right. Thanks, love! <333
"Do what?"
John kisses him again, gently this time, and slides his right hand down to take Sherlock’s left. “I want to take you to bed now.”
“Absolutely.” John can’t stop looking at him, at the angles of his cheekbones, the smooth curve of his neck, his pinked up earlobes. He’s the most beautiful thing John’s ever seen.
“I can feel you. Jesus Christ, Sherlock, I can
"Shhh, okay, I know, baby." John slithers forward, dips his head and licks at the crease between Sherlock's thigh and hip, the musky scent of arousal filling his nostrils. Sherlock tastes like sweat and pheromones, dark and intoxicating. John pushes at the backs of Sherlock's thighs, bends his legs back until he's spread obscenely wide, with his knees at his shoulders. John runs his hands all the way from the perfect arch of Sherlock's pointed feet to the luscious soft swell of his hip. He can hardly believe this incredible person belongs to him. "Christ."
“But now I’m here.” Sherlock tried to keep his voice as even as possible, though John’s words sliced into him and burrowed, an ache he knew wouldn’t leave him, no matter how many years they had together. His fault. This was all his fault. John knew it, too, and Sherlock was just waiting for the day when all the seething fury exploded at him.
How sorry I am about that night, when you came back. How much I cocked it up, all the mistakes I made.
John’s arm tight around Sherlock’s waist.
“Five more minutes,” Sherlock mumbles back, suddenly unable to even open his eyes. He curls an arm over John’s stomach.
, and not with someone else.”
These names. These friendships with good, kind people. They belonged to a different life, a John Watson he could barely comprehend anymore. Just typing them felt foreign, disrespectful even. He didn’t have a right to them anymore.
John falls silent and Sherlock slowly eats his toast. Just as Sherlock’s setting the plate aside and moving to get out of bed, they both hear footfalls on the steps.
“I’m glad, love. I want it to be so good for you.” John kissed at his thighs, the hollow of his pelvic bone. “I could spend my life kissing you, every part of you.”
Something hard traces a circle on his shoulder blade. His brain is working so slowly, it takes him a moment to realise it’s Sherlock’s finger. “Are you upset? About - what happened on the way home?”
“I don’t even want it. God, that tastes like fucking arse.” He motioned for the tea still sitting by the bed from earlier in the day, repeatedly running his tongue over his front teeth and making disgusted noises.
“I know. I know, John, I’m so sorry. I can’t begin to express how sorry I am. I’ll explain everything to you, all of it. I promise you, it was for you. I believed it was all for you.” Sherlock’s eyes roamed all over John’s face, over his bruises and cuts, down over the choke marks on his throat. He looked back up and their eyes locked, as they’d done so many hundreds of times before.
"Oh, John. It's. It's
“John.”
. Sherlock gently nudged him over so he could lay beside him. He gathered him to his chest as he had the night before, and rocked slowly from side to side. It seemed like a comforting thing to do. John wailed and wept, his hands in fists against Sherlock’s stomach.
Sherlock snuggled against him and pushed his hand away, ignoring for the moment his own arousal. Sometimes John’s pleasure was enough.
"I don't either." John runs his fingers through silver blonde hair - mostly silver now, though he won't admit it - and pinches his lips together. "Mrs Hudson's niece didn't really leave us a say in the matter."
The man in the seat next to him stirred. "Hey, buddy, you wanna close the window? Some of us are trying to sleep."
, sweet and sad and yearning, and it shakes John down to his bone marrow.
The rat nips reprimandingly at Sherlock’s index finger, but withdraws his claws, settling down once again against Sherlock’s neck with a low squeak.
Stubble scrapes up his neck, Sherlock’s surprisingly soft little noises in his ear. He can feel every hair on Sherlock’s thighs as they tighten around his waist. Sherlock’s hot between his legs, growing harder against John’s stomach as John bends over him and puts his mouth everywhere he can reach - bare skin, hair, shirt buttons pressing circles against his tongue.
-  Sherlock’s moaning too, high pitched and broken, rocking his hips against John’s stomach as John pushes down onto his fingers, and then finally, finally, he’s able to flip the cap on the lube and drizzle it haphazardly all over both of them before he throws it behind him and hears it bounce off the bed and hit the floor.
Boys in sweaty rugby gear are leaving the park in packs, balls tucked under their arms, laughing and pushing each other. Mother with small children are wrestling them into prams, looking weary and worn down. No one looks at Sherlock, skinny, bedraggled, tight dirty tee shirt and raccoon eyes. He’s invisible. Everyone’s headed home, warm lights, fireplaces crackling in sitting rooms lined with bookshelves. Mycroft, light the fire, will you? Sherlock’s chilly.  Nope. Won’t think of home, of them. Delete it.
didn’t want
"I don't remember. I was..." Sherlock pauses, half crouched over the stairwell. He peers down into the half daylit station, can see the edge of his sleeping bag. "I dunno, it looks okay. No one's ever messed with me here, John, honestly."
“I’ve a better idea for keeping warm.” John presses a kiss to the centre of Sherlock’s chest, climbing across his knees and padding across the bare floor to a small fireplace Sherlock hadn’t even noticed the night before.
“You filthy boy,” John said roughly, grinning and biting at his mouth.
“I am.” The assertiveness in his own voice startled him. He tried again. “Yes, I mean, he’s my...friend.”
“Ha. Very funny, John.”
“I wanted you the second I saw you,” Sherlock tucks his burning face against John’s spine, whispering words he almost hopes John doesn’t hear.
"How's your ankle?" Sherlock leaned forward and poked at the fire, breaking a charred log in two, and watched as burning chunks cascaded over the grate and into the bed of ashes underneath. The fire roared merrily, filling the small room with heat and light. They'd turned all the lamps off, found a thick down-filled duvet to spread on the floor. John was on the couch with his swollen ankle raised up on the arm, Sherlock curled on the duvet in front of the hearth.
“So, don’t pick up the package, then? Because I’m halfway to Fargo, and it’s snowing like fucking hell out here. So if I don’t have to keep driving there, I’d rather not.” A tractor trailer veered towards him, and John overcompensated, skidding onto the shoulder, hitting the warning tracks. He wrenched the steering wheel and the car slid back into the lane, fishtailing. “Fuck! Jesus fucking Christ.”
and it would all be over.
, who looks more peaceful and contented than Sherlock’s ever seen him. John’s shoulders are bare, scratch marks from Sherlock’s nails still pink across his pale skin. Sherlock stops long enough to tuck the blankets up over him. John hums and curls his arm into his chest, smiling in his sleep.
John bit out a clipped laugh. “Since when do we do that?”
John cups his hand around Sherlock’s angular jaw, rubs his thumb against his chin. Sherlock’s mouth drops open into a little
“Yes, you’re right. Oh.” Sherlock arches against him, hipbones poking into John's thighs, and gasps as John works his fingers deeper and twirls a fingertip lightly over the sensitive nub of flesh inside. "Oh oh oh, John, don't stop, right there, oh god."
Sherlock sniffles and nods, reaches up tentatively to touch John's face. John allows him a moment of gentle kisses as Sherlock plays with the short hairs around John's ears. He nudges at Sherlock's nose with his own and sits up. "Give me your hands again."
“Oh my god, John, Jesus. You’re -- you’re lying there with a stab wound to your liver, inflicted on you because of me, and you’re asking if I’m okay?! If I’m okay.
“No. He’s not happy. Not at all. All the disappearances seem to be connected to people with Muggle families, or who were friendly with Muggles, et cetera. A rash of Muggle killings doesn’t look good for the Ministry, or for Harry personally.”
I’m rather fond of looking at you, you know. Or haven’t you caught on to that yet?”
Dear Sherlock,
“You alright?” Lightburn asked, still scratching their address in her notepad.
“He’s hot.”
John still needs Sherlock to be more stalwart than he’s used to being. He must do it. For John.
“Is that him?” More twangy unpleasant syllables. Everyone sounded ugly and hard here. No soft London vowels, all the words rounded and lyrical. God, he’d even give anything to hear an East End drawl.
"Completely sure."
As the group makes their way out the front door, they carefully avoid looking John and Sherlock’s way. The door slams shut behind them and Sherlock slowly twists to peer up and out of the small dusty window above their booth.
John decides not to pry, at least not now. There’s something Sherlock’s holding back, but it doesn’t feel like the right time to discuss whatever it is. He looks back down at the gun in his lap.
Sherlock goes completely still and waits, his arms in a loose halo around John’s slim hips.
John hums and takes him deeper, caresses his bollocks and presses a fingertip into his perineum. Sherlock looks down into John’s wide blue eyes, watching him intently, that perfect pink mouth spread around his cock, and the wave crashes over him. His eyelids slam shut as the tension breaks and courses down his limbs, twists his spine, makes him moan and whimper and bite into his lip until he tastes copper. His hips rise up off the bed involuntarily and John chokes a little, but swallows around him and smoothes his hand across Sherlock’s stomach and down his thigh.
“London.” Even the word lay thick and painful on his tongue.
“Sherlock.”
If he's going to shake off those spectres, and convince Jim, he's got to become that person again. Go back to that dark place, all numbed hot veins, blackouts, wet tile floors and sleeping in tube stations. Desperation. Fear.
Sherlock shut the door quietly and latched it, swept his coat off his shoulders and hung it up on the singular hook John had screwed into the doorframe a few months previous. Sherlock always forgot to take his coat off downstairs, and John couldn’t bear it laying over the backs of chairs around the flat. It was a pet peeve of his, clothes in places they shouldn’t be, and Sherlock had been corrected more than once over leaving his coat over the back of John’s chair.
“I love watching you come undone. So composed in public, so polished. But get two fingers in your arse, and look at you. Begging, desperate for it.” John shoved his fingers ever harder within me as he spoke, pushing me closer to my climax even without being touched.
, and his own cock twitches. John smiles, looking up at Sherlock from under his eyelashes, which have always driven Sherlock round the bend with how ridiculously long and curved they are, and ghosts his palm over Sherlock’s swelling prick.
John and Sherlock have a very long and difficult discussion, because, as usual, these two have a terrible time actually saying what needs to be said.
came out easily, but there’s so much more. So many things he needs John to know. He’s never been good with emotion, with
“How can you be so...I mean, god, everything is shit. It’s
Sherlock hums and laughs against John's throat, and they sit there until the only light in the room is the blue flicker from the telly. Sherlock falls asleep, and John rubs his hand up and down the bumpy outline of his scars under his thin dressing gown, kisses his hair, and tries to forget about everything outside of this room.
. Tight must be a good thing, a very good thing, judging from John’s rumbling groans, the way his breath trembles and catches, the hunger of his kisses. John rubs his thumbs in circles at the back of Sherlock’s scalp, mouth roaming messily across Sherlock’s shoulders and throat. Sherlock tries to reciprocate through a cloud of desire, turning his head and kissing at John’s hair, pressing his fingertips into John’s neck and running them down his spine.
“So am I.”
“Sleep, baby. I’ll be right here when you wake up.” John twirls a lock of Sherlock’s hair around his fingers and wiggles down until he’s comfortable enough to stay that way for the hours it will take for Sherlock to catch up on his sleep. They’ve been down this road before. When Sherlock doesn’t sleep for days, once the crash hits, he sleeps for eleven or twelve hours at a time. Luckily it’s late afternoon already, so John himself will be able to sleep relatively soon.
Yeah. At a motel. I need to shower, then I’ll be ready. Just tell me when and where.
He hadn’t talked to Mycroft since a few weeks after Sherlock died. He couldn’t bear it, the glancing resemblances, the expressions both of them made, a similar cadence to their speech patterns; it was a knife to the stomach every time he looked at him.
Sherlock’s room, now the sixth year boys’ room, is the third door on the left. The honeyed oak door gives a loud creak as he pushes it open, and he flinches, sure he’s woken someone. But no one stirs as he shuts it carefully and tiptoes across the chilly stone floor to his four-poster. Alchemy's sound asleep on his pillow. He moves the rat gently to the side so he can lie down, slips under the heavy quilt and draws the curtains shut, the message from Mycroft still clutched tight in his fist.
? Why hadn’t he come home?
John slithers down, down, mouth rubbing over Sherlock’s ribs, wetting the trail of sparse hairs below his navel. Sherlock jerks and tenses when John’s intent becomes clear. He looks up at Sherlock, rucked up wrinkled shirt crooked over his nipples, his face crimson against the light blue cotton.
“Don’t.” John says fiercely, breathing out hard through his nose. “Just let me have this. Let me have
“John.” Sherlock’s voice is strained, worried.
Something heavy and warm leans against his back, and he nestles into it instinctively as he tugs the covers up round his shoulders.
Sherlock obeys immediately, laying down in the center of the bed spread eagle, his cock laying hot and gorgeous against his heaving belly. His eyes fall shut again.
Molly leans against Sherlock’s side and smiles and smiles, her natural ebulliency radiating out of her even more than Sherlock remembers. She envelops his hand in both of hers. “It’s the same stuff I signed, Sherlock. It’s good. They’ll protect you, watch out for you.”
!” They both finished together, erupting in a chorus of shared laughter.
John’s face softens, just for a moment. He opens his mouth and shuts it again. His fingers tighten around Sherlock’s wrist, hard enough he can feel the bones moving. It makes him bend over, as his arm automatically retracts, trying to pull away from the pain. John releases him abruptly.“I don’t believe you. I don’t think you can help it.”
All the same, it stings. This boy who's got no idea what it's really like out here, whose clothes are still vaguely clean, who's never had to suck off some gross old skeever for ten quid and a cup of tea; questioning him, judging. It goes down like cheap whiskey, scalding and bitter. Burns all the way down.
“I don’t have the poetry in me that you do, but - just - know I feel the same. I could never be without you. Never could, not since the day we met.” John says, his lips brushing against Sherlock’s.
“They -” Sherlock started, and then his voice caught in a throat raw and dry. He cleared his throat and tried again. “They have dry cleaners in Scotland, do they not?”
"Matters to me." Sherlock's voice so quiet. So sincere. So fraught with emotion.
. John." Sherlock isn't strong enough to resist this, the momentary comfort of John leaning against him, the pleasure of his mouth and his hands on him. The small remainder of his ability to protest dissolves, and he lets his head fall back against John's arm, opens his eyes and looks down at John's fingers wrapped around him. The sight of it is so beautiful, so filthy gorgeous, his hips jump up automatically and a deep groan escapes him.
John pulls back with a nibble at Sherlock's lower lip, breathing hard. He thumbs across Sherlock’s cheekbone, “Okay?”
"Okay." Sherlock says, and kisses John's chest.
"You're welcome."
“What are you - ? You’re
He washes his shaking hands and tries to calm himself down before he has to face Jim again.
John scratched at his hair and sighed, breathing out through his nose with his lips pressed together. He swung his legs off Sherlock's lap and sat up. "She's, uh, my great aunt. Dad's aunt."
Sherlock laid his face against the smooth muscle of John’s thigh and stroked two fingers along his length.
He bit his lip. “Well, go on. Open it.”
. “Thank you.”
“Alright then.” John reached out to drop change into the hand of the surly toll collector, an elderly man made of nothing but wrinkles, saggy skin draped over his bone structure like loose fabric. John nodded tightly at him. “Ta.”
“Yes, generally. Or I used to.” Sherlock takes the money gently out of John’s fist. “I swear to you. No one will find it.”
"Oh god, yes, please. I've been waiting all night." John straightened up, barely able to breathe looking at Sherlock's sweet swollen lips, red with John's blood. "Christ, you are so beautiful like this."
"Not as asleep as you thought." John opens one eye and cocks a grin. "If you think, after spending a week alone in this bed, that I'm going to let you just get up and leave me after fifteen minutes...No. You're staying right here with me."
“Well. That’s true. There
"No. Stay with me." He couldn't bear the thought of sleeping alone, waking without Sherlock right next to him. He hadn't slept alone since Sherlock came back.
“John, no one has watched anything private -”
Now with food in front of him, John realises he’s ravenous. He really hasn’t eaten anything but watery custard and overcooked chicken for three days, and Sherlock is as truly gifted in the kitchen as he is everywhere else. John dives into the lasagna with abandon, sopping up the savoury sauce with his bread and scraping cheese and vegetables off the plate with his fork as though he’s not eaten in months.
John lets go of his own now oversensitive cock, and takes Sherlock in his sticky hand, thumbs over the head. "That's it, my sweet boy, that's it."
“John. Where’s the lamp?” Sherlock says uneasily. His tongue feels dry, pinned to the roof of his mouth.
John slept on as Sherlock drove and ruminated. He occasionally shifted, mumbling incomprehensibly and turning his head from side to side, or stretching his legs out straight and frustratingly arching his back as if he were trying to lay down.
"More kisses. More that, whatever you're doing, that." Blood spread warm and slow through his veins, like melting honey, like caramel. He felt himself sinking into John's thighs, into the couch cushions, his legs going loose and and heavy.
- deepens the kiss and pulls John closer to him. His hand curls into a fist at the small of John’s back, the fingers of his other hand squeeze around John’s wrist, and he makes a low needy sound that makes John’s entire body contract. He gasps and bites down involuntarily, nipping Sherlock’s lip.
“Well, I
Malvo won’t just allow John to disentangle himself so easily.
Sherlock tries to breathe, overwhelmed with desire. This black eyed, lip curling John, with his fingers tangled in Sherlock's hair and his cock pushing insistently at Sherlock's thigh, is a revelation.
“Well.” John finally says, but doesn’t move.
John hummed and it vibrated through Sherlock’s lips, electric down his throat and through his belly. Between his legs was growing hotter, his cock pulling his pyjama bottoms taut. There was nothing more devastatingly sexy than John half asleep, warm and soft in all the right places. Sherlock breathed in the smell of his sleep-damp skin and exhaled against his throat. Many were the mornings a bleary eyed John was pulled roughly back into bed, protesting about being late for work as Sherlock straddled his hips and dared him to refuse. He never had.
"God." He breathed. The lump in his throat felt like a boulder. "We're home, Sherlock. We're actually home."
It’s windy out, leaves swirling. It’s stopped raining, but the sky is burnished a flat matte grey and the air is damp, the chill reaching right into his bone marrow. Sherlock shivers in his tee shirt and thin jeans, wraps his arms around himself, trying to keep himself from breaking into pieces.
in love with him, so much so that after all this time it still shocks him.
“Sherlock.” God, he hadn’t said his name in so long. It felt foreign on his tongue, awkward. “Sherlock. I opened my eyes.”
“Trying out humour, seeing if it still fits.”
John pushed himself up on his elbow so he could look into Sherlock's face. His cerulean eyes searched John's indigo ones, his mouth drawn up in a tight half smile. He was nervous and trying not to be.
happy to be home. I just.
"No, please. I don't want you to have to go to bed before you're ready. I'll just go upstairs and do some reading." Sherlock plucks a book from a stack on the floor next to his chair and disappears up the steps to John's old room before John can object.
Sherlock's skin is blood hot under John's hands, his eyes fixed intently on John's face as he holds himself perfectly still. John slips his dog tags over Sherlock's head and sets them on the side table. He does up the buckle of the collar, spins it round Sherlock's neck gently so the ring is at his throat. He's a vision. A porcelain doll. The dark green against his pale skin, his black curls brushing the top, make him look like a debauched Victorian painting.
"I can't read when you're --" John took a deep breath in through his nose and exhaled the same way. He folded his paper and turned to Sherlock with a furrowed brow. "Is this about the beard again?"
“Hm. I feel like that’s an insult, but I’m too sleepy to sort it at the moment.”
what I meant. You heard less than half the conversation, John. Don't - don't think I'm pitying you. I am not."
John’s too quick. He reaches a hand under the money and extracts the box. “What’s all this, then?”
“I love
to believe this is real, that John wants him like this. That John
Sherlock needs John to
“Shut up. You know that’s not what I meant.” John stretches up, takes Sherlock’s bottom lip softly between both of his, “I’m still absolutely crazy over you.”
"God, what on earth did Ella
John holds up a hand. “We were flirting. Don’t ruin it.”
His eyes darkened as he sat up and drew Sherlock's face to his, licked at his lower lip and then kissed him deeply, pressing him back to laying down as he did so. Sherlock shivered as John pulled his rumpled tee shirt up and over his head, running his hands reverentially over Sherlock’s chest. “Christ, you’re beautiful. How has no one taken you before now?”
“Where
He rubbed his face against Sherlock’s chest, darted his tongue out to lick at one hard nipple. Sherlock arched, lifting his hips into John's. John shook his face against Sherlock's chest, scraped his teeth lightly over his nipple and sucked. That was all it took to push Sherlock over the precipice. It was ice and flames, coursing through his veins and over his quivering skin, in silver and glittering black, and he was crying out John’s name as his cock twitched and pulsed, spilling hot over his own stomach. John's head was tilted down, watching Sherlock’s release, having stilled his hips. He hovered, arms shaking, until Sherlock was wrung out and collapsed, whimpering, to the bed.
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” A nurse was backing out of the room, her cheeks red. “I’ll come back.”
. I mean,
"Yes, sweetheart. Open it."
“Oh, John.” Sherlock’s voice was thin and high. John could feel him shaking.
“I just. I just saw.” John shakes his head, lost for a way to explain it without sounding like a complete nutter. He exhales slowly through his nose and squeezes Sherlock’s fingers. “Nevermind. I’ll - I’ll tell you some other time.”
Mrs Hudson hadn’t wanted him to leave. She’d begged, wept, told him he didn’t have to pay rent anymore. He’d hugged her, hands still swollen and throbbing from the night before, some guy who decided to have a smart mouth in Tesco when John didn’t move out of his way quickly enough. He had put his scabbed fingers around her arms and looked into her eyes.
Sherlock closes a hand around John's wrist and John lets him direct his hand, pushing it down so John can cup his hand around Sherlock's bollocks and cradle them and rub his perineum. Sherlock jerks and moans and squeezes his legs together around John's hand, then lets them fall open. John lets his middle finger trace back, questioning, and Sherlock pushes down and spreads his legs wider.
"Hard, John, harder," Sherlock breathes out, biting into his lip.
The photos popped up one by one, a ghost of an image at first, gaining in clarity and colour as it loaded. John. So familiar, so foreign. It had been over a year since he’d looked into that face.
John had been growing it for about two weeks. It was raggedy and scratchy. He fussed with it all the time, rubbing his hand over his face and digging at his cheeks. He seemed determined to keep it, though, and never complained about it itching, even though Sherlock could see it was driving him mental.
“Oh, sweetheart. Are you bleeding? What happened?” She rushes toward him, and he clutches her forearms, grateful for someone to hold on to.
"You taste like candy floss," Sherlock mumbles, lips still pressed against John's.
Our hands on me sped up at my insistence, and I felt my bollocks drawing up, the pressure mounting quickly. The tension within me coiled tighter and tighter, my body shaking from tip to toe, until it was unbearable, until my skin felt stretched thin and the roar of my blood pumping in my ears was deafening. It coalesced low in my groin, until I felt I should burst from it - and then finally burst I did, spilling hot over our conjoined fingers, and spurting up onto my belly, my body jerking and shaking out of my control. I heard myself moaning far too loudly, but was unable to quiet myself as my limbs flooded with heat, my breath hitching and catching in my lungs, and all the tension in me dissolving into a pleasure so deep that my muscles would no longer hold me upright. I collapsed back against John's sturdy chest, feeling the thump of his hammering heart against my shoulder blade.
"Shut up, John." Sherlock allows himself a small smile.
“I like it. Don't stop being jealous.” Sherlock can’t remember the last time things were this good. It can’t possibly last, and he knows it...but maybe a few more drinks and he’ll forget. Maybe he'll find some of John's relentless positivity buried within the darkness roiling at his core. The bartender comes over finally. “Tequila shots. Yeah?”
as much as you want. Just put those bloody beautiful hands on me."
Sherlock cuts him off, shoves a finger into his sternum. "No. I didn't. I needed to stay and solve the case, like I've always done. I could have slept today. I could have eaten at the Yard. I didn't need those things last evening. That was all
John reached out to touch me, his fingertips barely grazing my hip, but I moved just out of his grasp, casting a glance back over my shoulder as I walked from the sitting room. I knew well John’s fondness for the shape of my arse, the musculature of my back, and I could not help but swing my hips back and forth a bit more than was necessary. I paused at the kitchen doorway and bit my lip at him, dropped my gaze demurely to the floor. I trailed my fingertips along the window in the half open pocket door, smearing the glass. John's nostrils flared as he tilted his head down and watched me hungrily.
They watch each other a long moment. Sherlock used to get lost in those chocolate brown eyes, laying on expensive hotel sheets in rooms Sherlock’s mother had paid for.
John grins and leans back into the sofa. "Too late now. I already had it in my mouth. No more condoms. Don't need em."
“Probably,” Sherlock agrees, shrugging.
Before Sherlock can formulate a reply, there’s a firm rap at the door, followed by Mrs Hudson’s familiar, “Yoohoo!”
“I’ll tell you when it’s over.” Sherlock quips, surprised at his normal smart mouth making an unscheduled appearance in front of John.
." John allows Sherlock to wrap his legs around John's back, and he sits on his heels, pulling Sherlock's arse up onto his thighs. The angle changes and John can actually feel the bump of Sherlock's prostate against the head of his cock. He thrusts up hard, fingers clawing at  Sherlock's waist. "I am going to make you come so hard, just from this. I'm not going to touch you."
Sherlock whimpers a little, his cock thickens, the slippery precome under John's thumb increasing. John slows more, loosens his grip, just slides two fingers up the side, as Sherlock finds his voice. "I wanted you to - kiss me - "
"Relentlessly. Horribly."
, come here.
“Safe?”
He patted my thigh. “Do you like it?”
She laughs and squeezes his forearm. “It’s cute, you having a crush.”
his eyes rolling back as his head thumps against the pillows, his hips desperately trying to rise off the bed. He’s so
"Why are you here?" It bursts out of him, and he clamps his mouth shut again. God it sounds so fucking rude, but he can't be bothered to make himself polite right now.
John helps him up, and trundles him down the hall into bed. He tucks the blankets in around Sherlock, fetches water and a granola bar from the kitchen so Sherlock can take his medication in the middle of the night without getting up.
"By what you went through last night, with barely a word of complaint. By the fact that after a year on heroin, you just...gave it up. In a few days. Do you have any idea how
As he crosses Euston Road, he sees familiar faces amongst the hoards of Muggles. He hoists his bag higher on his shoulder and starts ticking off a mental checklist of every fellow Hogwarts student he sees heading towards King’s Cross to catch the train. There's Violet Brompton, Ravenclaw prefect, probably future Minister of Magic, and absolute fuckwit. And Steven Moorgate, Gryffindor, terrible at Potions but nearly took top of the year in Transfiguration last year, which infuriated Sherlock to no end. He's still glaring at Moorgate when he catches the familiar form of James Moriarty, sixth year Slytherin and
, and Sherlock whined low in his chest, the tension breaking over him as he pulsed hot over his trembling fingers. His hips lifted, arse muscles convulsing tight around John’s prick as he continued to come in thick streams sliding over his belly, waves of sensation coursing down his nerves and crackling electric across his skin.
"Nevermind." John laughs again, full and fond, and rubs his hand down his chest, pats his belly.  "I'm going to go make a sandwich. Want anything?"
James continues calmly as though John hasn’t spoken. “Pureblood. Your father spent a lifetime toiling away at the Ministry, but never advanced. Your mother was gifted but troubled. She should have been a superstar, should have been Minister of Magic, but...never quite could make it, could she? Had a problem with - ” He mimes drinking, and makes a glugging noise. “Died in St Mungo’s when you were only eight, didn’t she, Johnny? Did you get to visit her? Cry on her bedsheets?”
"You understand now how I feel. I trust you. Implicitly. You need to trust yourself, John."
I did not think to argue, as my eyes were drifting closed even as we walked down the short hallway to our room. He sat me down and unbuttoned my boots, gently pushing me back upon the bed. I could not help but notice the bed had not been slept in since the morning of my departure, the sheets still tossed back as they had been, the pillows moved not an inch.
“And you always know what I’m thinking.” Sherlock murmurs, meaning it, because even when that isn’t true, it
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. It’s not just - I think I’m - I don’t
“Burger, chips, and a Coke, thanks.” His twinkly charm wouldn’t work on a cop. Just keep it low key.
“I thought - Mike.”
“Voldemort. Which, of course, isn’t possible, but. There have always been lingering Death Eaters among us, those who renounced Voldemort before the end and thus escaped punishment, or those who claimed they were not acting of their own free will. It’s quite possible someone is trying to replicate the circumstances of Voldemort’s original rise to power.”
“I hope Adrian didn’t give you lads too much trouble. He’s new, see. Feels like he’s got to prove himself or some such shite. He’s alright, really. Just comes off as a bit of a prick at first.” She gave them a conspiratorial wink and pulled a tattered crimson notebook from her pocket.
John’s head twitches microscopically, he sucks his teeth, nose flaring.
They fall into a rhythm, syncing their movements, not even kissing anymore but just watching each other's faces. John grimaces and squeezes his eyes shut, bites at his lips and forgets to breathe. He's beautiful.
“Oh, right about there, I think,” Sherlock gasps, his whole body trembling, and lets his head fall back so John can suck at his throat.
"Yes, I quite agree. You're still recovering physically, and emotionally it's been a difficult morning. Also, you'll have some jet lag, I expect, after being in America so long. " Sherlock tucked the blankets over him, and patted his leg. "Sleep, John."
Sherlock watches his long blonde eyelashes flickering, the way his jaw moves as he swallows. He watches John’s pulse thumping under his jaw, the infinitesimal movements of the prominent veins in the center of his forehead, across his temple. A half moon of gunshot scar is visible above the hem of the blankets, white and ragged against John’s pale peach skin. Sherlock’s gaze travels the length of each waving line of scar tissue, his own feeling tight across his back.
“I can just keep doing this, then, indefinitely…” He purred, voice ringing with dark mischief, and rubbed his forefinger hard over my spot again.
loved you.”
He’s unmoored. It’s terrifying. It’s also infuriating.
call me a machine." Sherlock looks down as he says it, fiddling with a dry leaf stuck in the ironwork.
, don’t call me that, you sod.” John slaps at his arm, glaring at him and wrinkling his nose, but pulls out his wallet and hands him a tenner all the same.
“Me too.” Her hand darts out to touch John’s knee. “Can’t lose you again, little brother.”
"John. I've never seen you like this." He can feel his cheeks burning, arousal flushing his neck and chest.
“I have no idea. Couple thousand, I think. Wanna go find out?” John jumps up to standing and stretches his hand down to Sherlock, his face alight with mischief. “Come on.”
Hospital. He’s in hospital.
“You knew how much
I wanted. I just wanted more of you, all the time. It was never enough. You had girlfriends and I hated them, because they had more of you. But I felt the same way about Harry, about your patients. They had some part of you I didn’t, and I wanted it. I needed - shit, I’m not making sense.”
“It’s not
I've been crying, you complete fuckwit," John says, yanking him back down to hold him again, his fingers slipping up into Sherlock's hair and pulling. "I woke up, and you were gone, and you leave me this fucking cryptic note, and I have no way to call you or find you. I've been going absolutely spare for the last three hours. What the fuck were you thinking?"
chair. I don’t see a need for two separate ones anymore, do you?”
“Yeah, of course I am.” John squares his shoulders, sucks his tongue between his teeth. His mouth never stops moving. It’s distracting.
Sherlock clawed at John's bare back, digging his nails in until John arched and tensed under him. John's thumb worked a maddeningly slow circle at the leaking head of Sherlock's cock as he pumped him gently and went on licking and sucking at his nipples until they were stiff and swollen, wet with John's saliva, standing out gorgeously against Sherlock's pale skin. John kissed up his throat and put his mouth against the hinge of his jaw.
And suddenly they’re dissolving into gales of laughter, tears streaming down their cheeks, rolling around in the booth and gasping for air, until their bellies are aching. Until John’s head hurts and his cheeks are burning.
know Aileen Elizabeth Watson, however, and it was plaguing him.
“And no one ever bothers you, or tries to come down?”
They’d scarfed down takeaway at midnight, and John had immediately passed out across the bed, not even bothering to take his jeans off. Sherlock had pulled them off of him when he finally slipped into bed around three, hating any layers of clothing coming between them when they slept. He'd tried to take John's tee shirt off too, but John had fussed and mumbled curses at him and crossed his arms over his chest. Sherlock relished the feeling of John’s hot skin on his; John’s internal body temperature was always approximately two degrees hotter than Sherlock’s. He’d spooned up behind him, running his fingers over John’s hamstrings, his iliac crest, the curve of his neck, and then kipped for about an hour before waking up to John spread eagle and open mouthed, looking downright edible.
You should have landed 10 minutes ago.
Sherlock smiled indulgently as John encircled his wrist with his fingers, gave a squeeze, and then turned the radio up. “Smashing Pumpkins, really, Sherlock? You like this?”
,” he mumbles, shoving at them clumsily.
“I’ll be right here when you wake up.”
Sherlock swallows. “He was there. Just. In the background.”
"Are you alright?" The lovely flush fades, in favour of that vaguely pitying concern that John loathes coming back into his eyes.
It’s almost.
But spring term ended, and John went off to America for a summer surgical internship at Johns Hopkins. Sherlock was away in France with his family. There was no time to meet before school picked up again.
"What?" Gasping, pulling at the knot of Sherlock's scarf. "God, you knot this thing like it's trying to escape."
“Lovely.” John whispered, dropping a tender kiss in the small of my back.
“I should hate you. I want to hate you. I really do. I want so badly to hate you.” John’s thumb drifted over Sherlock’s lip. He couldn’t believe he was being allowed this. Allowed to touch Sherlock like this. He expected at any moment for Sherlock to wrench away, shove John’s hand down to the bed. Instead, he seemed to be moving closer, leaning into John’s caress.
"Don't be concerned."
When he took another look around the bathroom, he knew it had to be more than that. This looked like a real bathroom, one in a flat. How had he gotten here?
When the cab got to Baker Street and he got out, he wondered if Sherlock would be there. Lestrade had made it clear that if he showed up to a crime scene high on anything he'd never be called back, (and in the process implying he'd issued some sort of ultimatum on the subject before) and as a result Sherlock scanned the newspapers before pulling a vanishing and returning high (or after the high was over) act. But he hadn't stopped it entirely. He had once said that he'd rather live on the street than talk to a therapist, and John believed him. Of course John could ask him to leave, but the chance then the street would swallow him up was too great to risk. Mycroft had forced him into treatment some years ago, for what reason John had never been told, but he wouldn't do the same thing again. John knew he felt guilty for not having stopped his brother's abuse (even though there wasn't any way he realistically could have), and even more guilt at the fact he had assumed whoever was abusing his brother had to be male and thus never suspected it was the local pediatrician that Sherlock spoke so highly of.
"He loves you."
That didn't seem to make John any less confused. "What do you mean?"
"Sort of," he evasively replied.  Before the driver could ask anything more, the courthouse came in sight, and John got out with relief.
"I know you have, but when Susan and I brief her for testimony no one else can be here.  Lestrade's going to talk to us before she gets here; he'll be testifying much later on."  He looked John in the eye before speaking again.  "I'm not calling her Victim Two because I enjoy it, you know.  It's easier to speak to the media if I'm accustomed to referring to her as that instead of Moira Aherne."  He looked towards the door.  "It's Susan's turn to bring breakfast, so we'll get bagels and some fruit pastry with the coffee - and the cocoa for herself, of course.  She says she needs the buzz from the sweets to begin these monster trials."
"Not what?" John asked.
She smiled, and seemed to stand up straighter. "Thank you."
,” presumably the tune the music box played.
"There's a group of people who come to court every day and watch all the trials.  They sit right in front.  Every court's got them, and they're called buffalo."  Lou shut the door and headed once again for the back room.  "I'm glad we got Foster for this case.  He's a fair man.  I have great respect for him.  Knows how to keep order."  He turned and opened a door to a small carpeted room with a few tables and chairs.  All three of them sat down.  "We'll wait here for Susan.  And Victim Two and her family, but you can't be there for that part, John."
"Do you still have it?" John couldn't wrap his mind around Mycroft giving anyone a stuffed toy, much less his brother.
"The Yard's attention, you mean? They were all seen at St. Bart's, the clinic. Most of them came in with unrelated injuries or nonspecific complaints, but there was evidence of sexual abuse on the examination. If we're looking at the pattern, it goes back about ten years. Different doctors at the clinic have documented it, and they are all listed in the file." Lestrade set down his now empty tea cup. "Phillip Rodgers was the one that caused the review of the cases. None of the victims said who the abuser was. There was one where the authorities thought it was the father, and his little girl was taken into care, but they were never able to connect him and he got her back eventually."
"I'm fond of you as well," Sherlock added.  He turned to look Phillip in the eye.  "Listen, Phillip.  Go home.  Get yourself some sleep.  You can come back tomorrow and we can talk more if you would like."
"No, Sherlock Holmes, you are not leaving. We're all going back in that office and listening to that tape. I promised Mr. Aherne we're going to catch this man, and the sooner that happens the better." Sherlock's smile became a scowl, but walked back into the office without a complaint. John followed the two of them and shut the door behind him.
“Once or twice a week.”
"You must have wanted to talk to him about testifying."
"Yes. If whoever's supposed to be here is now me, she's going to throw a fit."
"Were you aware that Dr. Martin went to have a chat with your mother before your brother came home from school?"  Harvey grinned in a way John did not like one bit.  This must have been her plan all along - make Sherlock feel somewhat at ease before dropping a bomb on him.
"Did you do anything else?"
"How generous of you," John couldn't help but add.
"For the most part."
was the bright spot in his day.  When Phillip next spoke it thankfully distracted him from those thoughts.  "I never told you how I broke my arm."
He forced himself to read on.  When his book-self first appeared, that lifted his spirits.  While he knew several tests that could indicate the presence of blood, he couldn't think of one off the top of his head that could have been developed around the turn of the last century.  He also liked the fact his book-self seemed much more openly happy to meet book-John, even though he thought the whole time they were being a bit too obviously romantic at a time when having gay sex could send you to prison.
John felt like he’d had a trip to a parallel universe.  He suddenly couldn’t wait to talk to Mycroft the next day.
"I see."
"I will."
Something he said must have worked, because the light went on in John's eyes. "Like alternate universes, then? Those books where the Germans win World War II or the Soviets drop the bomb or something?"
John Watson was very used to seeing Lestrade and Donovan on a regular basis, but he didn't expect both of them to stride into St. Bart's without either Sherlock racing ahead or trailing behind them or that look on both of their faces that indicated they had to drag him out of work for some case. Donovan gestured to him to come forward, and when he raised an eyebrow she shook her head. "No, this isn't about the Freak this time. It's a bit different."
"Did you think something was wrong with the way she kissed her?"
"That is the case.  She'll be sentenced after this is all done; she's admitting she's guilty.  Easy for a change."
He must have read for hours, because when he finally looked up from the pile of books he noticed it was getting dark outside.  "You didn't even turn the light on?" he heard and turned around to see an older woman with short hair and a patient expression standing at the bedside.  "Goodness, it's airplanes now?  I hope you're not planning on blowing one up."  Martin couldn't tell if she was kidding or not.  He wondered if she was responsible for the Iron Maiden he had heard earlier.
"What did she say then?"
"It's a little early to ask if he's going to testify, isn't it?  We're still waiting on more charges," John broke in.  "There's not even a trial date."
Sarah paused to consider the question.  "At first he didn't say anything.  That was when I looked over the intake form more closely and he'd written 'broken arm - fight' on it.  So then I asked him who he'd been fighting with.  He didn't say anything then either, but after a few seconds he said it had been a friend."
"How old are they?"
Sherlock shook his head.  “They most likely would not.  But what do you know about random numbers?”
"What happened then?" Lou said once he could see her face again.
"No further questions," Susan said.  Apparently that was enough for her.
"Nothing.  I just started talking again.  I told him about hearing my arm snap and how I went to Bart's."
"Yeah, but if I didn't She'd call the police on me."
"Hello," he said, cautiously.  From the look on his face John could tell he wasn't looking forward to this.  He assumed that was because this victim would be far less easy to intimidate.
"And all he told you was that this flash drive was important?"
"How did that go?" asked Dr. Dodson.
"If you just want to listen your first meeting that's okay," said Mari, a heavyset woman with bright red hair.
"Where have you gone in the city when you need medical treatment?"  Even Lou looked uneasy.
"She started working there before my time.  We worked together for about four years."
"A lot," Lestrade said.  "This is an important case."  He stood up and reached into a drawer behind him, taking something out.  He turned and put a folder on the desk in front of him.  It was the size of a phone book.  "These are the papers we filed with the court on the charges."
"He'd never see a therapist, though.  He - he can't really talk about it even to me, and I'm his only friend."  As he said this he hoped Ella didn't follow his life too closely now, or she'd know who he was talking about.  "He's told me little bits but not really anything of substance."
"I know that," Sherlock said, like she was merely revealing that the weather that day had been bad.
Martin and John drift.
"You must miss him," John murmured, and she nodded.
"Yes, I was.  But you were talking right outside my door."  That wasn't really much of a defense, but it was the truth.
Once both of them were out of sight, Mr. Rodgers said "He saw the news and he couldn't stop crying."
Jennifer nodded and stood up in the chair, using one hand to cup her groin.  "Back and forth," she added.
"It wasn't like what he thought."
"I'll see you in the morning, then."  John then went to the kitchen to try to scrounge up something for dinner, and by the time he finished making something Sherlock was heading out the door without a word.  Hamish was still on the sofa, and John didn't touch him.  The quiet evening that followed helped calm his nerves about the approaching trial.  Even so, when he fell asleep later that night his dreams were filled with K's smug grin as she walked out of the courthouse while hearing "Not guilty" from the faceless jury.
"All right, sleepy," Clark conceded.  "You still remember an awful lot for being sleepy."
That didn’t leave much room for conversation, so he just ate in silence and once they were both done the man went to wash the dishes and Sherlock went back upstairs. Fatigue hit him and he retreated to the guest bedroom.  It had one double bed that he lay down on without even taking off his clothes.  And Sherlock fell asleep remarkably quickly, still thinking that this was perhaps the strangest day in his life.
Before he could ponder this further, another cab pulled up and both Lou and Susan got out.  In response to John's puzzled look, Lou said:  "We met with Victim Ten's family.  Bought them all breakfast."
"Very well then," Mycroft responded as he stepped through the doorway.
"Me dad and brother.  And K."
"Sometimes She'd come in through my window."
Phillip Rodgers reveals some uncomfortable truths of his own.
"Ah, John.  May I have a word with you?"  He made it sound like they would be discussing the weather.
"Doesn't he chew on your stuffed toys?"
"Have things been any worse?" Eli asked.
"How many other people are there?"
“If you want me here,” John spoke up in reply.
"Yes."
, John thought to himself. "All right. I will come with you and usher you out if you cross that line." Which would probably be after about five seconds.
"I can't understand why his mother would be so cruel."  John shook his head.
"Hello.  It's good to see you," Mrs. Murray replied, like they were meeting for afternoon tea and not in a courtroom.
At that moment Lestrade came into the room.  "Mr. Aherne, it's good to see you again.  Wish it was under better circumstances but..." He shrugged.  "In about a minute the lights will come on and Moira will be able to see the people behind the mirror."
"It was all normal until She touched me through my pants.  I told Her to stop, and She took her hand away said She was just trying to examine me, and I said: 'No you weren't,' and then She laughed and touched me again.  Then She said that She was going to see all the others for medicals next week, and maybe Darren or Shane or Josie might like it more.  I told Her not to hurt them and She asked me if I'd do what she said, and I said yes.  Then She let me put my clothes back on and we went back out to the waiting room.  She told Mum and Dad that She didn't like the way my legs looked and it might be a good idea for Her to look at them every week, just to be safe.  Mum said if it was going to be after school and She said yes, and I could just come in with the others next week.  Before I'd thought maybe She wasn't going to be seeing them at all, but then I knew She was telling the truth."
"I will consider it," Sherlock responded in that tight, formal voice he used whenever he was ill at ease.
As Sherlock got up he heard a delighted cry from the man who had asked about his hat. "Herc!" Sherlock headed down the steps and saw the man - Arthur was his name, wasn't it? - embracing another man. The other man was in his late fifties and carried himself with a confident air. The fiance of the woman, married four times himself, several now adult children, semi-retired. A golden curly-haired dog accompanied him. "You brought Snoopadoop!" He knelt down to pick up the dog, who started to lick his face. "Are we going to that ice cream place again? The one with the good cows? Because we're going to pick a flavor for the wedd.. I mean event!"
John sat up straighter as Mrs. Bena began to speak.  "Michael and I separated because he didn't approve of my drug use.  You see, after Jennifer was born I felt awful and I wasn't working.  It didn't seem to lift up at all, until almost a year after she was born.  A friend of mine gave me something she said would help me feel better.  MDMA, but I didn't know that then.  It did make me feel better, and at first I could get out of bed again and take care of my daughter.  Some of my friends came over again, and they all were using too, and before I knew it I was caught up in using whenever I could.  Michael came home to find me out of it too many times and he left and took Jennifer with him.  We went to court and we each got her alternating weeks.  I was happy he wasn't starting a row with me every evening.  But since he had been the one that was working I was left with no money for anything.  I got on benefit but so many things ate that up I had nothing left over for the drugs.  You have to understand that back then I would have chosen the drugs over my daughter; there was no contest.  Then one day I was at the supermarket and I didn't have enough for groceries.  This woman behind me took her card and paid for it with her own groceries, and she asked if I lived nearby.  I said I did and we left together.  She asked me how old my children were. I always bought a lot of food Jennifer liked, spaghetti hoops and things like that, because I did - do - love her, and I suppose she guessed from my shopping.  I told her that Jennifer was three, and showed her a picture I carried with me of her.  I said she wasn't at my flat, because she was with her father.  We talked about the separation and once we got to my flat she came upstairs with me.  It was nice to talk to someone who wasn't going on about how much I owed them.  Eventually the conversation came around to money.  I said it was hard to get by, and she first asked me how much Michael gave me.  I said none, because he wasn't making a lot then and he probably spent more on Jennifer than I did."  She paused to look at Susan, as if she needed permission to finish.  "I told her I was on benefit, and she asked me if there was anything I had trouble buying.  It sounds hard to believe, but I really did say, 'Crack.'  I wasn't thinking clearly, and all of my stuff was gone so I'd been looking for a few days.  She looked at me and then said I looked like I was coming off something.  Then she said that she had a lot of money, and would be willing to help me.  All I'd have to do is let her spend time with Jennifer, an hour or two at most.  For that I'd get two hundred pounds for every hour.  She didn't actually say what she and Jennifer would do for that time, but she said, 'She's a good-looking girl,' when she explained it and I knew what she meant from the look on her face.  Hungry-looking.  All I could think of was how much easier my life would be with the money and I said yes."
