Holmes looked up from his ruminations in surprise. “Why, yes. Earlier this afternoon. However did you know?”
Watson preened his mustache and stole a glance at Holmes. “Oh, elementary really. Nothing much to it when you have the knack.”
Holmes gave him an indulgent smile. “Not Watson’s brand,” he replied tersely. “His bears the imprint of his tobacconist, Bradley. Nor is it mine, since I have not yet indulged this morning. As to the possibility that it belongs to one of your colleagues in the department, Inspector, unless the Home Office has granted the Metropolitan Police a handsome increase in emolument that has escaped my attention, I should be very much surprised if many policemen could afford the price of these. It is a custom Turkish blend, I do believe, and the paper is of the finest quality. It is not a common brand you will find at your corner tobacconist’s; I doubt if they’re obtainable for less than seven and six the hundred.”
Watson bent lower over the body. “From the manner in which the carotid arteries are severed, I would say it was done with an extremely sharp instrument, very sharp indeed. And see here: There are no jagged edges, no torn flesh around the throat. A very neat incision. It could have been done with a razor, or a sharp flensing knife of some sort, or even a scalpel, heaven forbid.”
“It would seem,” he said finally, laying aside the last of the journals with a final grunt of annoyance as their coffee was served — “It would seem that our friends at Scotland Yard have their work cut out for them.”
“Damn me, but that’s observant of you, Doctor!” Thicke exclaimed. “Your powers of observation are most impressive.”
“Well,” said Holmes, “it’s too early to make a judgment. And there’s far too little evidence upon which to base it in any event. Let us not make the mistake of jumping to conclusions.”
A Policeman Discovers a Woman Lying in the Gutter with Her Throat Cut — After She Has Been Removed to the Hospital She Is Found to Be Disemboweled
Abberline took the envelope from Holmes’s fingers and, barely glancing at it, laid it on the desktop in front of him. “Thank you,” he said simply, his face showing no reaction whatsoever.
“Great Scot, Holmes!” he shouted to make himself heard over the clamor. “Will you not tell me what has happened?”
“I will reserve opinion as to that,” replied Holmes archly. “Now, as to this sorry business, what can you share with me?”
They entered the main building through a side entrance to avoid the crowd of journalists milling about in front. The latest murder being the major news story of the day, the presence of the journalists, a loud and raucous lot, was only to be expected, and Holmes, who generally held them and their work in low esteem, wished to avoid an encounter.
Several of the policemen in the group looked at him with undisguised astonishment, more than one concluding that he had taken leave of his senses. But Abberline and Chandler rushed to his side and peered closely at the flattened cigarette stub he was holding in his fingers. Holmes took out his pocket magnifying glass and examined the object with something approaching ardor.
The collection of undistinguished low buildings of stone and grime-streaked yellow brick which now lay before them took its name from the street. Here resided the brain stem and central nervous system of the Metropolitan Police force and, of greater interest to Holmes at the moment, the offices of the Criminal Investigation Division. The whole and all of its parts — the street, the buildings, the police force, and the CID — were known both collectively and individually as Scotland Yard, a state of affairs which paradoxically was a source of never-ending confusion to anyone who was not a Londoner — a tribute, it seemed to Holmes, to that people’s indomitable tolerance of the absurd.
“I must say, Inspector,” he said quietly, “that while a man in my profession should never be surprised at anything, I am at the moment surprised by your lack of surprise. Oh, I know it is not a crown jewel that I present to you, but it is an item of some value in the matter currently under investigation, and I would have thought you would have reacted with, shall I say, somewhat greater enthusiasm than you have so far exhibited.”
Held like this, almost surrounded, John feels a way he’s not sure he’s ever felt before. He struggles to think of a word for it, keeps trying on the same ones over and over, but none of them fit. With a huff, John lets it go – focuses instead on the feeling of Sherlock against and around him, how oddly calming it is.
being this. Worried.” He scoffs, but he’s exhausted, so it emerges as more of a hiccupped sigh than an actual sound of derision.
Sherlock relaxes cautiously back into his previously unconscious sprawl. “Like… this?” John can feel every little hesitation in Sherlock’s frame as he moves closer.
Sherlock sighs and pulls John back to him. After a long moment he says, still out of breath, “I didn’t – I didn’t lie. About the first time. The first case.”
John blinks at that. It’s – it’s a very un-Sherlock way of saying the thing, and if he weren’t exhausted and a bit off-kilter, he might’ve been able to make sense of it, but instead of clarity his head is filled with murk. “So you – you don’t mind? Me? This?” John gestures at his body, at himself.
Sherlock thinks. He feels an odd rush of sensation in his throat and the delicate tissues of his lower jaw, as if he’d swallowed some implausibly diluted mixture of bitter electricity.
Sherlock doesn’t know when his restless thoughts blurred and blended into equally restless sleep, full of fits and starts of dreams half-dreamt, but when he comes (mostly) awake again, it’s still dark – or perhaps it’s dark
Sherlock blinks open sleepy eyes as John sets about drying him, trying not to linger over the obvious erogenous zones.
"Oh god, Sherlock," John would moan - could moan, oh please, oh please let it be possible - and Sherlock always hopes that he’ll make deep, beautiful, sultry noises, sounds that John could find pleasing, arousing, but he knows from past solitary experiments that his default sexual repertoire consists of choked off gasps and sobs, John’s name hardly ever completed, deteriorating into a high pitched, needy whine, and god, oh god, oh god -
“Now, each question will be worth double the points, because each question will be answered by both spouses, and we’ll compare answers after the chime as usual – got it? Let’s go!”
Sherlock blinks open his eye again. “Well, that’s how it is with humans,” he says in his I Know More Science Facts Than You Can Even Conceive Of voice. There’s a bit of a quirk in his mouth, but there’s a different sort of twist in his eyes.
“Christ,” John mutters, his nipples tightening, sensitive where they press against his vest. “Sherlock, please wake up.”
“Yeah, right, c’mon, up we go,” John urges, deciding personal space and post-coital awkwardness can wait until Sherlock isn’t in danger of drowning – or catching cold, at the very least. John’s not long for wakefulness, either, but at least his physiology is built for the intensity of what they just shared. His tentacles are rubbery with exhaustion, drained from use, so John tucks them around Sherlock’s shoulders and hips, holding him close and upright as he stands for them both; his legs quake, but hold.
John almost laughs as the sounds of David Bowie spill into and over the club, calling people to dance with abandon.
And yet, one almost daily point of contention sticks out among the peaks and valleys of their days together. When Carlton turns expectantly to him for his answer, John says, “The vegetable crisper,” and punctuates with a firm nod. Certainly it’s the one issue that Sherlock brings up almost as frequently as John does.
,” Sherlock groans, words and voice slipping higher, higher – and then his whole body tenses into a bow and his inner muscles clench and clench and clench, just as John’s tentacle pulses, pulses, spills into Sherlock, but it’s not enough, he wants, he wants –
It doesn’t get much further than a sort of intimate rocking, just moving together as their mouths fit against one another again and again, infinite iterations of interlocking, but it feels like a balm, like the ocean lapping away at a tideline until something calmer remains.
“John,” Sherlock begins, and he looks pale and young and uncertain as, words coming too quickly, he says, “I feel I need to apologize for the way the evening turned out. It was never my intention that –”
John cannot stop the smugness from commandeering his mouth: “That’s one way to get you cleaned up, I suppose.” He wipes Sherlock’s arse clean, and drops the cloth over the side of the bed.
John’s whole face warms as he smiles, and his head tilts a bit, as if a lopsided smile can unbalance it, this moment, everything. He swoops down and kisses Sherlock, and god this shouldn’t still come as a surprise, this kind of contact falls well within expected parameters for sexual interaction, and yet – John’s lips, firm and insistent and slightly chapped and incredibly warm and moist and softer inside, John’s lips come as a surprise with each new touch, with each press and slide and taste. Each kiss is a revelation.
“Pupil. Fully dilated.” Sherlocks says, very softly. “And the way he turned his head and shoulders to look at me. Fully. From the trunk.” Sherlock slows. Stops. “So, he came in with a burn and told you all his troubles? You aren’t friends. I suppose there’s something he wants?”
The only real loss, it appears, is his music. He hasn’t played the violin in months, at least not when I’ve been in the house. And, sometimes his higher spirits. He’s still a bit blank and can seem… oh, I don’t know… a bit fatalistic sometimes. I don’t think he’s terribly depressed—he’s busy, engaged in his projects and active—perhaps it’s the Parkinson’s that makes his face so emotionless sometimes. Still, his refusal of this case is something I can’t help but see as a kind of disturbing resignation.
“Ready? I can’t wait!” Seth answers, fidgeting with the hat and veil in his hands. He’s excited, but apprehensive, too.
Well, that went better than I ever imagined it would! I won’t go into detail. Suffice it to say that Sherlock took the initiative in ways he hasn’t done in a long while.
Next to it, there was a note in his spidery handwriting, which I noted was steady, entirely legible, and perfectly normal in size:
. After all these years?). He’d waited to see curtains flicker at Seth’s window, giving the boy time to dress and follow. Finally, he’d wrapped up warm against the early morning chill, and set out. He felt a bit shaky and apprehensive, but perhaps the shaking was just the cold.
On the bedside table, there’s a glass of water next to a plate with a single water biscuit and one small, pale yellow tablet—left by John, just as it is every night.
It worries me a little, but Doctor Novakova says it’s not hurting him. He’s not allergic and she sees no harm in trying it if that’s what he wants, though it has to be done gradually. Worst case scenario, a bad week or so. We’ll see how it goes, but I’m glad to see him taking an interest and having an opinion about his treatment. It’s such a relief to see him engaged with managing this. It was hard feeling like I was the only one thinking about it. I’m sure I wasn’t, but it felt like that.
When he takes off his glove to reach for his friend’s dear, warm hand, he sees John’s surprise and hesitation, and knows it for what it is. He watches as John straightens himself, dutiful and military, and finally proffers his. Sherlock holds onto it moments longer than is strictly necessary, memorising the fleshy heat of it, and then, feeling his resolve start to crumble, he turns on his heel towards the plane.
Last night, after Sherlock’s confession in the drive, we sat together as we used to do in London, in our chairs by the fire. He told me all about the case—how Seth had helped him, how his phantom cat had led him to the bodies in the plenum. Wonderful!
Mycroft is hatefully prim and self-contained. Tweed, brushed cotton and silk twill, buttoned up just so. He’s out of place in the squalid minimalism of the cell, but looking for all the world at his perfect ease. There’s the slightest hint of a gloating sneer around his mouth, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. His eyes are not sneering at all.
“Listening?” Seth asks. When Sherlock nods, he goes round the back of the hive and presses his ear to it, intent. After a moment, the boy goes to the next hive and listens there, too, comparing, and then back to the first.
I don’t know what I want. I asked him to talk to Dr. Novakova about his mood, but I don’t think he did. Doing it for him seems wrong somehow. I feel—torn. I want to help, but being his doctor—I don’t know. For now, I’m going to just keep an eye on it.
“John.” Sherlock breathes in response, pushing forward now to meet John’s grasp, his hand reaching back to hold John’s body flush against himself, “Oh, John.”
“Let’s see. Ah, John! Thank you,” Sherlock smiles, taking the smoker and passing it to Seth, who holds it in front of the bottom board, directing it into the hive. “Let’s have a look, shall we?”
John hangs back, letting Mary hug and kiss him, but coming no closer himself. He reads pain (and anger?) in John’s tight smile and a more complicated riot of emotion that neither of them is willing to read with any clarity in the way John won’t look at him. There’s nothing to do but say goodbye and there are no words that can properly communicate the way leaving John (again) makes Sherlock feel like he’s being cut loose from all that moors him.
I didn’t know what to say. He was staring without focus into the middle distance towards the gap in the wall and hedge, into the lane. I nodded, took his hand and squeezed it, and then led him away. Through that gate, down that lane.
From the helicopter, Sherlock looks back at Appledore and sees John standing on the stairs, shielding his eyes with his hand, his head turning to follow as they lift off and away.
We’ve had a few quiet, tremoring days now, but today Sherlock is looking less drawn and more physically stable. He’s had some rest, and seems to be going back to his familiar ways—up in the early morning, days spent bent over his manuscripts and notebooks in his potting shed, pottering about the hives and garden.
The evening Sherlock knows for certain that something is profoundly not as it should be follows on the heels of the kind of gloriously perfect midsummer day that he is certain can only be properly appreciated by retirees from a lifetime of bustle in the city—those who have seen a retreating horizon of grey drizzle, noise, and smog give way to the deep, unspeakable pleasure of a day spent in the garden under high white clouds adrift in a delicately blue sky. Sherlock spent that day bathed in the gentle warmth of a temperate English sun, breathing air that was fragrant with earth and blossom, alive to a lightly ruffling breeze, the gliding chirrups of house martins, and the industry of his bees.
When he was diagnosed, Sherlock had felt numbly bewildered. Betrayed by his own flesh. Now, he feels prickly and over-sensitive, like a waking limb—it’s become familiar, but it’s not boring. He’s spent the latter part of the summer and the autumn acclimating to the drugs, the way John watches him, the way other people watch him, the relentless fatigue. Finally, having gained a measure of control over it with the help of the drugs, he’s begun to fall back into a rhythm of his own, changed now, but not unpleasant—his garden, his bees, walks with John, quiet evenings in the garret, listening to John map the stars. The thing he misses is his violin. The tremor and stiffness have made his playing less fluid. Less satisfying. He hasn’t played in months.
“Yes, they are. That’s good news. We’ll leave them to it. There’s a good chance they can get themselves queenright. If they do it themselves, their queen will be stronger, and her wildness will ensure genetic diversity in the colony, making them more resistant to parasites and disease. We’ll swap a frame of brood and eggs from another hive to keep the workers foraging and nursing, and then give them a few weeks. If they aren’t successful, we can be prepared to install a queen ourselves.”
Ironic, then, that what causes the physical complaint that warps him now is the depletion of neurons in the part of his brain called the Substantia Nigra. Perhaps, he sometimes thinks (when he’s feeling contemptibly sorry for himself), his life immersed in crime consumed them and left him shaking and weak, hallucinating and depleted. Ridiculous! But, here he is again, immersing himself in crime, and this crime itself disgusts and terrifies him. A man so twisted and desperate that he could kill his lover before he could lose him? When Sherlock thinks of it—really thinks—he can almost hear his tremor, as if it were a sound, building and buzzing in his head.
This afternoon when I returned home from the surgery, I found Sherlock in the driveway—the winter-blooming honeysuckle, wintersweet, I think, is its common name—that we planted not long after we moved into the cottage was finally blooming, and for the first time. Sherlock told me that sometimes it takes years for them to flower. Thick-petaled, almost waxy, pale yellow flowers with deep purple centres on bare branches, positively swarming with fat, furry bees. Winter bees! Bees in fur coats! I didn’t know such a thing existed. I expressed my surprise to Sherlock.
“Bombus terrestris,” Sherlock told me, smiling. “You can tell by their buff tails,” he added, pointing to a space under the hedge against the stone wall where a small congregation had gathered around an opening between the earth and stone, “they live in underground colonies, and their size makes them better able to withstand temperature variation, so they’re active in winter. They’re attracted to the colour yellow, and the scent.”
When Sherlock came back from Eastbourne with Seth (who was wearing, I noted with interest, a brown barn jacket and red trainers) and sent me away with Amberley after this preposterous letter in Bells Yew Green of all places, I knew the case was as good as solved and that this was all about getting Amberley out of his hair. I wasn’t angry; I just did as I was told. I knew he wasn’t telling me everything, and I didn’t mind. I did wonder why he hadn’t found a way to let me know, but. Ok. Par for the course. I took it as a kind of backward expression of his faith in me
He was reluctant at first to say more, but with some cajoling he admitted that he’s had a “phantom cat”—a ginger one!—that joins him in the shed some days. He says he knew it wasn’t real, but he sees it in the periphery of his vision, usually on the right side. When he turns to engage it, he remembers it isn’t really there, and it’s not.
A few minutes later, John arrives and disappears into the ensuite to clean his teeth before coming out to undress and toss his clothes over Sherlock’s. Sherlock watches his partner’s body move in the dim light of their bedroom. John’s older now, but he’s no less compelling. Sherlock wonders: if he wakes up every morning next to John, and if he goes to bed every night with John, if he can look forward, every day, to the moment when John comes to bed, and his warm skin slides up against Sherlock’s, what could possibly happen in any given day that he couldn’t bear? He thinks, a bit mournfully, of Mr. Amberley, and of the word “haven”. He feels grateful.
They’ve walked over a fallow, wintering field and climbed over the style into the Beech wood now. Sherlock is gazing up through bare branches at a close, grey sky.
So, yes. Sherlock has stopped wearing gloves or protective clothing when managing his hives. As a result, he is stung several times a day and comes into the house with bees up his sleeves and red marks all over his hands and arms, and is just thrilled with himself about it. My new full time job is tweezing stingers out of his skin!
He’s also had a few visits from the physio, and has some exercises to do, which he does, faithfully, every morning and night. He seems quite willing to follow instructions, oddly. It makes me a bit uncomfortable, but maybe he’s more motivated than he lets on.  We’ve taken to going on long walks in the afternoons. The countryside is beautiful here, and if we’re up for it, the sea isn’t so very far.
It’s amazing how much of this he has explained away to himself (or deleted?) over the past months (or years?), and kept from me. I almost feel betrayed. But, in his (my?) defense, Sherlock has never been like anyone else. Perhaps he just—legitimately—thought nothing of it. Neither of us wanted to believe anything was wrong. Now I’m wondering if he knew something was wrong, or if it all just felt familiar to him. His way of being in the world. Just a thing to accept and get on with.
“Anything else?” Sherlock asked, ignoring my sentimentality. He was distant now, in a familiar and entirely gratifying way—in his own mind, his wheels spinning.
“Really, I’m ok, love. I’m fine! I’ll be home before you know it, and we’ll wrap this up. I can’t wait to hear how you solved it. I knew you could. Get some sleep now. It’s ok.”
When they take him, his eyes are open again and his face is impassive, streaked with the silent tears he’s only just aware he’s been crying. His left shoulder is badly wrenched into the handcuffs, but he barely feels it, and he doesn’t resist.
“I’m going in to the surgery for a few hours. You alright?” he asks, answering Sherlock’s smile with his own, kissing him lightly and picking up yesterday’s dirty dishes from the workbench, his eyes warm. “Need anything?”
I was worried that he might succumb to depression, but after some downtrodden weeks, he seems to be letting me do all the worrying. He rarely talks about any of it (except the bees!) without being asked, and he seems wholly unemotional about it all. He behaves normally—tending the garden and the hives. To keep his voice limber, he’s been reading to me at night (his idea) mostly historical beekeeping manuals (his preference) or true crime books (mine!), the latter of which he generously peppers with withering disdain for their authors. His voice is stronger now with the medication, and God knows I’ve always had a soft spot for his withering disdain.
“Don’t look like that, Sherlock,” Mycroft chides, as if showing remarkable forbearance to a needy child, “the alternatives were much worse. This way we have the ghost of a chance.” He looks down his nose condescendingly. “Chin up, little brother.”
Sherlock struggles against the torpor, and when he lets them flood back, the last few days and hours play over and over in his mind in a curiously smooth loop, as if there
It was a surprise, then, when he called me in the wee hours, as I was lying awake worrying about him alone at home, to tell me the truth about Amberley—tremulous and full of worry for me. I—
So, Sherlock and Seth had found a pub—a little grimy, maybe, but suitable—and made a plan: a faked email from the doctor in Bells Yew Green—just far enough away!—writing to say that he had in his possession a sealed a letter for Amberley from Dr. Ernest, and then a bit of sabotage. Amberley would bring the letter to show John and him, and Sherlock would insist he and John go in person to investigate.
The neurologist, Dr. Novakova, feels that there is no point in delaying dopaminergic  treatment. Conventional wisdom says it’s best to wait, the better to stave off the inevitable dyskinesia and dystonias that comes with the extended use of levodopa, but newer studies suggest that there is no evidence that using levodopa accelerates Parkinsonian pathology. I’ve done some research as well and can see no credible benefit to waiting. It’s about quality of life. Levodopa has a good chance of significantly reducing his symptoms. That said, I’m not sure how much some of them bother him. He doesn’t let on. But, the sleep disturbances worry me. He doesn’t like to admit it, but he needs his sleep.
He lets John go when he feels the tightness drain from his muscles and the worst of it is over, and goes back to sit heavily on his bunk. John scrubs a hand over his face. After a moment, he follows and sits next to Sherlock, his head in his hands. For a moment, they just exist, side by side. Then, John sits up, inhales deeply and lays his hand over Sherlock’s, and says, very gently:
Sherlock exhales as John pushes slowly closer, and instead of waiting for John to come to him, lifts up to take the kiss on offer, in exchange for a gasp and a shared moan, because
“Don’t – don’t you need a mate?” Sherlock, as always, asks the question John would rather he didn’t. “Isn’t that the point of this… situation?”
think they knew each other well. In fact, he expects Sherlock knows him best of all the people in his life, including family. And John knows by now that he is considered an authority on Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective and Mad Flatmate – even Mycroft, who can always read Sherlock sometimes asks John to interpret or intervene.
“Not to worry John, I have everything in hand. There are several convenient bends coming up in the marked trail that should allow us to slip away and rejoin again with a minimum of fuss. In fact, the only stumbling block is the fact that it is so very sunny. I’m afraid I will need assistance in applying sun block in some very unusual places, so-o-o…”
John grins and reels Sherlock in for more kissing, tasting his slick in Sherlock’s mouth, wondering if Sherlock can taste himself in John’s mouth. “Excretion,” he teases, “pheromones,” he reminds. “God, you’re so
“Do I?” Sherlock feels the combative words slip free, and the tone is comforting in its familiarity, even if it feels alien to the situation.
–” he’s pressing in, slick, slow, steady all the way in to the hilt. Sherlock curls, arches, tilts his pelvis down, taking John just that much deeper.
John catches his breath, and Sherlock stiffens, instantly (if groggily) on the alert. “What?” he asks, his voice sharp under his fatigue.
It’s a ridiculous song, in a ridiculous club, full of ridiculous people. Everyone is dressed like a catwalk grab bag, the décor on the walls is garishly geometric, and some pop-princess wailing is drowning out all possibility for conversation.
John can see the hesitation seep into Sherlock – his muscles tighten, his face blanks – and he can’t bear to see that, feel that, so he pulls Sherlock’s hand towards him, feathers a kiss across knuckles, curled fingers.
Sherlock doesn’t often sleep after masturbating, so he assumes whatever happens, he would be awake to react to it, so he should be ready.
The applause is deafening – people stand up and cheer. It all seems overmuch, yet washed out and distant, unimportant.
“See that we do,” Sherlock says haughtily, but his lips twitch, betraying his amusement, and John’s always had a thing for that lip twitch, and lately he gets to taste it – so that’s what he proceeds to do.
” Sherlock all but squeaks, voice a high, barely-there whisper, and then shudders into seething, responsive motion as John gasps and begins to shunt into Sherlock, both their hips rocking with referred motion as John’s tentacle sets up a hard rhythm of thrust and retreat.
And looks up as John pulls him to his feet, into a kiss, those fastidious lips pulling the remnants of ‘please’ from Sherlock’s mouth. It’s irrationally easier to breathe closer to John, his hand gripping Sherlock’s, and Sherlock just indulges in that, the simple act of respiration, made brilliant by specific proximity.
“That’s really not necessary –” John begins, but stops when he sees the amused smirk on Sherlock’s face.
Instead of answering, Sherlock signals Billy, who brings boxes. Angelo follows. “How was everything?” he wants to know. “What about dessert?”
With a grunt, John lets his head fall back against his pillow as he tries to understand the how and why of it, mind still a tad foggy from sleep – although, right now an explanation doesn’t seem as necessary as it probably should. The reasons don’t seem as important as the fact that this is actually happening, a reality John is still trying to wrap his head around:
Beside him, Sherlock goes still, and John knows something similar has just gone through the great mind seated next to him.
John tips Sherlock back onto the bed and is on him in an instant. At least three buttons are lost in the fray, and Sherlock’s breathless grunt becomes a series of gasps as John kisses and licks at his chest and nipples, going on general extrapolation of what he himself likes, until Sherlock is squirming beneath him, pelvis jerking with each new touch, an obvious hardness pushing against the confines of his trousers. John cannot help but meet Sherlock’s mouth in deep kiss, hands in his hair, and god how long has he pretended not to want this, lied to himself about not needing this, Sherlock, pressed close and shuddering, shivering as their hips grind together.
John wraps a loose fist around Sherlock’s cock and sets up a slow, teasing tugging. At the same time he presses the hand-warmed damp cloth to Sherlock’s pucker, not pushing in, simply holding it there firmly. The result is a tiny, hitching noise from Sherlock – and a tiny hitching jerk from his hips.
Sherlock has John down against him and snogged to within an inch of reason before he can even finish his thought. “John – you taste like –”
John studies Sherlock above him: his cheekbones are red, the rest of him succumbing to the spreading flush, his skin damp from exertion. His vest is disheveled, the stretched-out collar almost falling off his one shoulder. Little tendrils of his curls are caught against his skin and sweat, and his eyes are dark, frown lines above and between them, doubt writ large.
John blanches. “Sherlock, that’s – you’re not – you don’t have to – that’s not how it works with my kind, not really –”
,” Sherlock manages, shuddering, as John pushes in with one finger, steady, slow, sure. He runs his dry hand up and down Sherlock’s side, looks up at his heaving chest, just inches from his face. He tilts his head up and licks at a nipple, and when Sherlock trembles and presses closer, he begins to suckle it, moving his finger in circles inside Sherlock until it’s time for another.
because what if the walls are pale blue, what if it’s (not)Christmas, what if there’s sunlight on the bed, scattered by fancy? Sherlock desperately doesn’t want sunlight on the bed, this time.
“Well, I did offer to fetch you a towel,” John teases, lipping along Sherlock’s jaw now. The salt of his skin keeps reeling John back in for another taste, and another. Sherlock’s soft sighs land like song, like praise.
“Yes, yes,” John sighs and murmurs, tilting his head back, letting the feeling pour through him. “Oh – oh, Sherlock?”
The audience is growing accustomed to Team Watson non-sequitors, it seems, because the chuckling has a much more uniform sort of fond acceptance this time round.
“I’m close,” Sherlock breathes, the wonder in his voice somehow detached from the sweat and salt water and slick, the gasping and the churning.
“Will you believe me when I tell you the feeling’s mutual?” John asks, trying to put all of his earnest faith into his words. Sherlock rarely airs his doubts, but this shadow of uncertainty has been lurking for some time now, John thinks, gaining momentum in unacknowledged uncertainty.
It wasn't until much, much later that he remembered that he'd had that bottle in his hands, had picked it up on the way to Sherlock’s bedroom – and it wasn't until After that he came to terms with what that little slip could have meant. But by then it had been much too late.
“Well, you definitely forgot to breathe,” John says bluntly. “Could be a panic attack, albeit minor.”
“We can pretend,” Sherlock says, and it’s so soft and quiet John thinks it may have snuck out on an exhale – but then Sherlock’s eyes both blink open. “We could.”
Sherlock cries out, a keening moan segmented into tight grunts as John picks up the pace. “John, oh god John, oh –” his words desert him, all he can find is John’s name. John’s cock pushes into him, again, again, his hands push his knees up, guide his legs to lock around John’s waist, John’s chest drips sweat onto him from above, and John’s mouth is a temptation of gasps, if only Sherlock could command his own trembling body to something besides boneless acquiescence –
Carlton starts at the other end of the stage, working his way through first kiss and first dance stories, awarding and withholding points as he goes. Finally he comes to stand by Sherlock and John. “And now for our frontrunners, John and Sherlock – get this right, and the prize is yours! What do you say, boys?”
“I know what you mean,” John interrupts, his voice serious, because for all that he feels full of something like laughter just waiting to bubble up and over, this moment needs something more stable. Something more certain. “And I stand by my answer.”
The kiss between them turns frantic, frenzied, and John’s hips stutter back into a taking rhythm. With John pressed so close, each thrust now also presses Sherlock’s cock against John’s lower abdomen. The mix of sweat, lubricant, pre-ejaculate keeps the friction from becoming chafing, and Sherlock can feel each movement John makes ring throughout his body like a tolling bell, a brightness rising, disparate frequencies synchronizing.
Sherlock nods, baffled, and John inches forward slowly, eyes tracking over Sherlock’s features but never really straying far from his eyes. The kiss is almost chaste, except for the end where Sherlock’s mouth opens a little, and John takes his lower lip between his teeth and gives it a slow tug. Sherlock shivers.
“Not long enough,” John says, the sincerity slipping out. He’d wanted levity, but there is no stopping his words now: “Never long enough.” He looks down to conceal his face. He pulls his finger out, twists two fingers in, and now there’s a definite wet sound to his movements. A quick glance up shows Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind the soft slicking noises – his eyes are closed, his kiss-rouged mouth is open, and there’s a little frown right between his eyebrows, just above the bridge of his nose, like when he’s utterly perplexed by some new development on a case. The flush on his cheekbones is scarlet, rosing its way down his cheeks, his neck, his collarbones.
“We don’t have to –” John begins, but then Sherlock reaches back a hand and runs it along the tentacle’s length with a thoughtful look, and John moans, going limp in the water from just one touch. It takes him a moment to realise that Sherlock isn’t merely stroking – he’s guiding the tip, his grip alternating loose and firm, an almost twist incorporated as he approaches the slit, and with each pass, clear fluid pulses out from the tip, running down Sherlock’s forearm, dripping into the water, and John is almost shaking from arousal by the time Sherlock presses the now-exposed pale tip to his much relaxed entrance.
“Never,” John says, practically into Sherlock’s mouth. “Consider me seduced,” he murmurs into Sherlock’s ear, lipping the edge of it, then smearing kisses down along Sherlock’s neck. “I’m yours now, here, however you want.”
“I know,” Sherlock breathes. He takes John’s hand from his left shoulder and brings it to his lips, kisses it, pulls his lips away wet, a little bit sticky. “What –?” he asks, turning the hand to look at it more closely.
He leans in and kisses Sherlock’s temple, drifts down to kiss his mouth softly. “I really do.” He wants to wipe that surprise away, that hidden thorn of doubt. John trails his fingers along Sherlock’s cheeks, along his jaw, down his neck. “I have for a long time.”
“John,” Sherlock says, “oh, oh, John –” His face, hands, his body – everything freezes, clutches, then falls apart into juddering, shaking motion, John’s name falling from Sherlock’s mouth as if pushed from his body by the clenching pulses of his orgasm.
“Fire exposes truth and burns away excess. The alarm sounded, called you to your feet, urged you outside, and here you are. You remembered to grab your phone but not your cane, what does that tell you?”
John shakes his head. “I think I was the first of us in….three generations? to seek out dry land.” John shrugs. “No one else was interested – why bother going further than necessary? Deeper water had everything we needed.”
“Alright?” John asks, and there’s a bit of a grin, and it takes an age for Sherlock to recognize it as such. “Hey – everything ok?” Concern layered over the grin – how does John
John presses kisses and words into his hair, and Sherlock can hear them as the buzzing clears from his ears, as the grey clears from his eyes, and John is just saying his name again, and again, interspersed with ‘please’ and ‘I’m so sorry.’
John tightens his hold on Sherlock – the embrace and his grip in Sherlock’s hair – and Sherlock arches at those touches, cries out brokenly, and John could live on this alone, their bodies close and craving, because
; having it with you was a complete surprise – wonderful and brilliant and perfect, yes – but still completely unexpected, unlooked-for.” John looks up into Sherlock’s eyes, tries to will the meaning across the space between them. “Even if I never have one again, I won’t miss it – the best part of my Tide wasn’t what happened during – it was what happened after, between us.”
space, John feels himself progress steadily from happy to incandescent. The light of it tingles in his fingers, sizzles under his skin. It spills from his widening grin; he’s pretty sure it’s blazing from his eyes as he stares up at the ceiling.
John slips his own tentacle out of Sherlock – “Just for now, don’t give me that look,” – and then Sherlock is lining up, pressing, pressing, until with a hiss, he clenches his jaw as his cockhead slips in. Immediately, John’s musculature pulls Sherlock deeper, and he chokes on his own voice at the feeling of being filled so suddenly, almost delirious from the sudden glut of pleasure that provides.
“Perfect – you’ll wear my coat as a cover, and we can be home by the time you’re presentable again.” Sherlock’s smirk and wink combo are cheeky as ever, but John finds himself laughing all the same.
“‘Piss off’ – although I imagine after this incident it might involve something pithy involving fire and tossing myself in.”
.” With hastily-slicked fingers, John reaches down, past the patch of springy curls, to stroke his thumb down Sherlock’s perineum. Sherlock jolts, squeezing a high-pitched sound from his mouth, and John grins up at him before kissing him again, swallowing his softer sounds, tugging at that plump lower lip with his teeth.
It’s a lovely night, crisp but not cold, the feeling of spring just around the corner. Above them, the stars are a bright spatter against a light-polluted navy sky. Their feet punctuate the silence with the scrape of grit and the occasional dry leaf against pavestones. The plastic bags and cardboard boxes they carry creak and rustle as they swing.
John turns his attention to his own shirt – only to have his hands pushed aside. He lets his palms settle on Sherlock’s hips, thumbs stroking over his prominent hipbones while Sherlock’s long fingers deftly open and remove his shirt, wrists still trapped in the fine, white fabric of his cuffs.
Still, he keeps trying and trying, exhausting himself in the process, until all that remains is a bone deep fatigue, a breath deep weariness that rings hollow like resignation.
, Sherlock snorts at himself, but the notion stands, sentimental and ineradicable. It is a fact that rooms containing John are not only brighter, but bigger, and if physics disagrees, then the current spacial-relationship theories are wrong.
At Sherlock’s confused expression, John explains: “If I visit, they’d want me to stay, and that’s never going to happen. They’d want to know when I was coming back, at the very least, and there’s no answer that would make them happy.” John sits up, still cradling Sherlock close, so that Sherlock’s torso is spared the chill of the water. “I said my goodbyes a long time ago – saying them again will do no one any good.”
Sherlock shoots him a glare but doesn’t snatch away his hand, and John feels buoyant from that small touch alone.
“Oh god, again, oh –” Sherlock’s elbows nearly cave, and John slips a hand to Sherlock’s chest to stabilize him as he tries to buck back against John’s cock. “I – oh – oh – fuck,
Lips still pressed to Sherlock’s skin, John feels a tightness claim his throat, and his breath shakes on the way out, growing harsher again, and the next breath in is laced with the scent of Sherlock, subtle, complex, heady.
“Mmmh,” John hums. “I –” he places a kiss right in the center of Sherlock’s chest, “absolutely –” and then another kiss goes right under Sherlock’s clavicles, “agree,” he breaths into Sherlock’s suprasternal notch. John slips his hands up along Sherlock’s collar bones, curving over his shoulders, pushing the open shirt back and off and down, until only the cuffs keep it in place. Sherlock’s breathing picks up again, and John can feel his heart beat jumping beneath his skin, a different sort of wave hitting a different sort of shore.
Sherlock’s hand lifts from John’s forehead and takes his wrist, lifts and guides John’s hand to hold the cup. John is just propped up enough that he can take a few careful sips. He groans at the relief the cool water provides. “Ohh, that’s better. Thank you.”
John sees he is awake and trails his fingers up the thin skin of Sherlock’s arms, following what must have been the path his eyes had been taking while Sherlock slept. The two inch scar from a suspect’s last-ditch attempt at avoiding arrest doesn’t quite keep John’s eyes from finding the faded pocks from another life. He thumbs over them.
John’s hands are steady, though, but for little tremors, as they take hold of sleep-bottoms and pants and push them down. Sherlock shivers as he’s exposed, feeling fevered, and then John is rucking up Sherlock’s shirt as well, and there’s a brief moment of thrashing disorientation, and then he’s naked.
Sherlock sighs quietly, shifting from one foot to the other. Fluid drips from his foreskin, plopping on the floor. John keens silently, wanting to fall to his knees to suckle the tip until semen inundates his mouth. It's heady stuff; mild, if slightly bitter, and full of salt. It's pure brine, a burst of seawater bathing the roof of his mouth. John likes it very much. His small, even white teeth feel very sharp under his tongue. "Narrowing down theories, are we then, Private?"
"Oh, my god. I don't believe it," John stutters. He'd not imagined Sherlock's admitting defeat so quickly.
"Why...damn it...you..." the doctor snatches the paper out of Sherlock's hands, searching for the offensive article. "This!" John flings it straight into his lover's face. "Page six. Don't bother with the main text, look at the sidebar!"
"Tell me now, Sherlock, and for God's sake, don't prevaricate. Is this," John jiggles his cargo, one item giving a definite metallic clink, "a yes for you, or not?"
," Sherlock sneers, offended; using air quotes like a git - which he is, "without being well-versed in the activity. Am I not correct?"
Sherlock's cock. It's standing at attention, full stop. The last lingering shame ebbs away. John's so relieved. It's all okay. It's all okay, Sherlock is definitely okay. He's not afraid or upset, or worse, angry. It's all fine. Sherlock's dripping, gagging for release, and Captain Watson is just the man to fulfill the private's needs. Just like that, it's turned around...the game is
"Think back, soldier," Captain Watson snaps, annoyed, his alter ego once again in charge. "Take a wild stab at it, what do you recall - or weren't you listening." This time when John invades Sherlock's space, he's standing ramrod straight. A few paltry centimetres hang between his cock and Sherlock's sweaty thighs, but he resists temptation in the anticipation of what's to come.
Sherlock goggles, open-mouthed. Satisfied, John settles, straddling his man with a sigh. The doctor giggles, utterly chuffed by Sherlock's stupefied expression. John's own face is stretched wide, mouth sporting a shit-eating grin. Whilst Sherlock usually (and very privately) relishes those sly, sardonic lip-twisting smirks, it's disconcerting when John's subtle ridicule is aimed at
"Ehhh," the detective hedges, "Sir, which response is most preferable at this time? I want to - what are you - Sir, yes or no?" Sherlock cringes at John's instant peal of laughter. He feels foolish and at loose ends.
Yay, more chess terms. It's amazing how a perfectly innocent set of terms can be twisted into something so dirty.
blowing smoke up your arse." Despite being bound in four generous inches of velvet, John can tell his lover's cheeks are bright red. Something big's happening in that genius brain of Sherlock's to provoke such a visceral response. What exactly that "something" is remains a mystery.
"'Best' my arse," Sherlock mutters sotto voce. "Godli - Shit!" The feather brushes over his balls, eliciting in him a small scream.
Gambit: a chess opening involving sacrifice. A player offers up a pawn or multiple pieces to force more powerful pieces into play. Considered an attack.
"Pay attention, dear heart," John calmly interrupts, with some malice, "and it'll be a snap to deduce my intentions. But, not now, no," he licks his bottom lip until it gleams. "You'll have scads of time to whinge later. Much,
Satisfied with what he sees, the doctor huffs in relief. Perspiration, not tears, going by the odor. John decides to stay where he is, nose-to-nose. He's waited a fucking long time to please his genius. "You're forgiven, Private Holmes," John murmurs against Sherlock's neck. "You've done well. I'm very pleased." Sherlock's eyes flutter blissfully, so charmed is he by the compliment. Pleasing John is all that Sherlock wants at this moment. He wiggles like a poncy perverted shih tzu gagging to hump John's leg.
And, remarkably, the detective achieves complete radio silence for the first time as an adult without injecting narcotics. Sherlock's intellect uncouples from his body (
"Private," John snorts, "what's your point?" Best to keep the man talking before he caves in to the implied suggestion and hunts it down.
"I'm merely outlining out the obvious - again. Purposefully or not, your placed the phone beyond my line of sight. Incidentally, you set it in the
The captain's own, charged energy lights up the detective's every synapse. He lets go. He's subsumed by the deluge of John's power. Sherlock feels it,
John shifts toe by sweetly chubby rounded toe close close close THERE...to Sherlock's arse. He'd swear he's rupturing a kidney in the strain of skirting his lover's gorgeous arse rather than simply jamming his face between Sherlock's cheeks to take a taste. John blinks and gives himself a mental slap upside the head. Sherlock's fug is making him loopy, he must stay the course. The captain blankets his lover's body with his own, careful to avoid actual contact. He holds perfectly still, eager to be wowed by Sherlock's genius. The man, damn him, says not a thing.
As usual, Sherlock has absolutely no comprehension of John's nonsensical ramblings. It doesn't matter. Nothing matters but this: he needs John to tickle him again- using handcuffs, and rope if necessary. They were always kitted up with rope at 221B.
John groans, grabbing Sherlock's biceps like an anchor against which to propel himself away. The genius wails in actual pain at the loss of pleasure.
Soooorrrryy this took so long. I have my reasons (lol...too much work, not enough brain power). I hope it was worth the wait.
histrionics. Oi, shut your pie hole. Alright, hardly ever, then, and invariably behind closed doors (preferably locked).
"Beautiful, Sherlock. You're bloody gorgeous. Christ, look at you," John chokes reverently, "arse up, free for the taking. Open wide. It's all for me, right there and ready. Mine. You're
, or flat, long-necked flagon of very old and equally fine Armagnac, a Reserve d’Artagnan, if the faded label was to be believed.
He led the way through the door into the dark passage and was almost to the street when a thought occurred to him and he stopped abruptly, causing the others who followed to pile up behind.
Holmes jumped up from his chair and began pacing in front of Abberline’s desk. “Of course, of course, that must be it! How stupid of me for not realizing it sooner! For, after all, there cannot be another soul in all of London who also wears a leather apron: Not another cobbler, or butcher, or slaughterhouse worker, not a collier, or farrier or smithy, or hod carrier, not a surgeon or iron worker, or, or... I fear I am running out of occupations! Help me, someone!” He threw up his arms dramatically as if in entreaty and spun about. Then, leaning over the desk with anger in his eyes, he glared directly into Abberline’s face.
Though scarcely effusive with praise, this was an astounding admission coming as it did from a professional police officer, and it was one that was obviously made with some difficulty. Holmes enjoyed every word of it, but his facial expression betrayed none of his feelings. While hardly a modest man, it would have been foreign to his nature to gloat, yet he was far too forthright to indulge in false humility. He merely nodded politely, then shot a warning glance at Watson, who seemed to be having difficulty containing himself.
“Observe, gentlemen! Our elusive phantom has taken human form. And it would seem that he has more than one disgusting habit. He smokes!”
Abberline took a deep breath. “I have to inform you, Mr. Holmes, that our prime suspect is not the man your theory suggests. By that I mean he is not a gentleman, but a common laborer of the district. Sergeant Thicke is out looking for him now, and I hope to have him in custody before the day is out.”
For all his protestations of hunger, Holmes ate very little that Sabbath meal; he merely pecked at his food, listlessly moving it around the plate, deep in thought. And when the dinner service was cleared away, he moved to his chair by the fireplace and spent the evening brooding, in one of his brown studies, not even looking up when several hours later Watson finally left the room to retire, quietly wishing him a good night.
“Please continue, Inspector,” he said, his tone and look implying that he would appreciate the absence of further interruptions from Watson.
There was a man in one of the local pubs, The Britannia, in Fish Street Hill, who maintained he saw Dark Annie at around 5:30 that morning, shortly before her death. Wiggins was unable to learn the man’s full name, but several of the other patrons of the pub called him “Dick” or “Dicko.” Apparently he was a regular at the pub and was well known in the neighborhood. Wiggins said he seemed very upset over the killing because he knew Annie well and claimed to have been a friend of hers. As a result, he was somewhat the worse for drink, and his story was rambling and disjointed and not always completely coherent.
Holmes reached for his large magnifying glass and bent low over the cigarette ends, poking at them with a pencil. He arose within seconds, one of the butts held delicately between thumb and forefinger, a fierce gleam in his eye.
Without further preamble the police inspector quickly presented him with the salient facts. It did not take him long, for the facts were threadbare and few. The body was found in a rear yard by a lodger, a yard located behind the building they now faced. It lay there still.
Holmes turned up the lamp on the side table and tore open the flimsy envelope. A mere glance at the telegram was all that was needed.
Watson, for one, devoutly wished that he could not, for the coach was swaying alarmingly as it was; he could keep his seat only with the greatest of difficulty: His hat was knocked askew at almost every turning, and he found himself gripping the side strap so tightly that his hand hurt from the pressure.
“No,” replied Thicke, shaking his head. “The closest would have been Mrs. Green, who lives down there just a few doors away, and she said she didn’t ‘ear a thing, not a blessed thing, even though she was awake. Couldn’t sleep, she said. I know ‘er; I think she’d tell me if she knew something. Mrs. Emma Green is ‘er name, a decent sort really.”
“If I did not know better,” continued Holmes, “I would be prepared to swear that the Brigade of Guards has paraded through here this morning.” He shook his head. “Wherever there’s the smallest patch of mud in the street, I see the unmistakable imprint of a policeman’s boot. It is as if your fellows went out of their way to leave their mark so as to prove their existence.” He smiled thinly. “I will say this for them, they’re a well-shod lot. Only one seems run-down at the heels insofar as I can ascertain: a pigeon-toed chap, a bit overweight, who goes by the name of Bagley, I believe.”
Holmes pointed to the right side of the woman’s neck, just under the ear. “The point of entry, you think?”
“That’s helpful,” Holmes said. He pondered for a moment. “You examined the fence?” he asked, taking the few steps necessary to bring him up to it: A low wooden wall, made up of rough boards crudely nailed together. It formed a border on three sides of the yard, the rear of the house itself forming the fourth.
“Why, so I did, Wiggins, so I did; and so you didn’t. But in the future you need not take my instructions so literally as to forget the niceties.”
Warren peered at him in confusion. “What! What! What did he say?” He turned to Abberline. “What’s he doing here anyway?
“It was like this,” Abberline said finally. “Dr. Llewellyn returned to his home to get a few more hours of sleep and his breakfast, while the body was stripped and prepared for autopsy. This was done by two inmates of the workhouse to which the mortuary is attached — two regulars, I might add, who have often performed the same service and are well acquainted with the correct procedures: a Robert Mann and a James Hatfield,” he said, referring once again to his notebook. “The lads earn an extra bob or two lending a hand, as it were. You know, doing the dirty work.
“I have spoken to police constables, publicans, ladies of the street, missionaries, derelicts, teamsters, and jarvies, and just about everyone else you could think of short of the lord chancellor, and for all the good it has done me I might as well have frittered away the day as I see you have done.”
It was a tall, good-looking man in the dress uniform of an army general — boots, spurs, medal ribbons and all. He had a full, drooping cavalry mustache and wore a monocle in his eye. Upon his head, incongruously, was a tall, old-fashioned stovepipe hat of the sort that police constables wore a generation past. The haughty bearing of the man, along with the uniform, the monocle, and the hat, resulted in a total effect so ludicrous that only a stage setting for one of Mr. Gilbert’s operatic farces would have done it justice.
Watson, too, spotted the police picket in the distance. Obviously, the street leading to the scene of the crime had been cordoned off, and despite the early hour, small crowds of onlookers stood off to one side, straining to catch a glimpse of whatever it was that had caused the police to converge on the neighborhood in the first place.
The long-suffering Mrs. Hudson, so used to their irregular ways and the odd callers Holmes received at even odder hours, shrugged in resignation and returned to her kitchen for her nightly glass of hot milk (laced with a circumspect spoonful of whiskey) before finally retiring, she fervently hoped, for the night.
Holmes bowed politely. “I would suggest, gentlemen, that you might gain some profit in having your men scour the streets between here and the major thoroughfares around us for other specimens of this cigarette. I should pay particular attention to street corners normally frequented by cabbies. It is possible that our friend hailed a hansom at some point; it is most unlikely he would have ventured far on foot. We may find he has left us a trail to follow.
Holmes’s mouth twitched. He bore no small amount of respect (and if the truth be known, affection) for this enterprising survivor of the streets, and despite himself, the scowl on his face gave way to an indulgent little smile.
“Mr. Llewellyn, the surgeon,” said Thicke, holding a lantern by Watson’s shoulder, “he thinks it could have been a cork-cutter’s blade or a shoemaker’s knife.”
Abberline rose from his desk and followed Holmes into the corridor, taking him by the arm as they walked toward the front hall. “Look, Mr. Holmes, I am not at all happy about this situation, that much must be obvious to you,” he said very quietly. “But as you no doubt are aware, our department has been under severe pressures of late. Surely you must realize that my hands are tied. I do have my orders, after all.”
“It is manifestly clear that the gentleman is waiting for another individual because of his repeated glances toward the door — anxious glances which suggest that the other party is not only eagerly awaited, but of no small importance to the gentleman in question. That it is one individual and not more is supported by the obvious fact (so obvious, Watson) that the gentleman and lady are seated at a table for four, and there is only one other place setting in evidence. These conclusions are all supported by the additional observations that the man and his charming companion — his wife, I dare say, from his inattentive manner — have yet to order from the menu despite being at table for some considerable time, and the wretched fellow is well into at least his third whiskey and soda — with ice, I might add,” he said with a slight curl to the lip, “further evidence he is an American, should any be needed.”
But then one day old Mr. Anstruther died, and the worn, cracked leather portfolio remained quite forgotten until the occasion, several years later, when Mr. Jones took up his new position.
I have to inform you of the unfortunate death, on the 24th instant, of Dr. John Hamish Watson, an honored client of Cox & Company of many years standing.
It was only a matter of seconds before the slamming of the downstairs door and the loud trample of footsteps on the stairs heralded the arrival of the unsavory and insignificant Wiggins, the leader of the nondescript band of street arabs that Holmes was amused to dignify as the Baker Street division of the detective police force. The boy burst into the room not only unannounced but without even the nicety of a tap on the door: A dirty face with large shrewd eyes, an unruly mop of hair, and a slender frame enveloped in a cast-off coat several sizes too large. His was not so much an entrance as an explosion, but the cloud of dust which in Watson’s eyes seemed to accompany the event was surely only illusionary.
Abberline took the proffered chair and waved away the offer of tobacco while Thicke gratefully resumed his place on the settee, teacup still balanced precariously, and peered over toward the fireplace with a bemused expression, no doubt trying to fathom why any sane individual would want to keep his cigars in a coal scuttle.
Abberline refused to meet his gaze, but instead busied himself with a sheaf of papers in front of him. “Not at all,” he replied, his diffident tone suggesting otherwise. “It is a man by the name of John or Jack Pizer, who lives in the district and is believed to have been seen in the vicinity at around the same time the murder occurred.”
“When did it occur?” he shouted to Holmes as he resettled himself in his seat after a particularly wild swing around Oxford Circus. “Does the telegram say?”
Holmes knelt down and examined it. “What makes you think it’s not related?” he asked, turning it over with his stick. It was the kind of apron a butcher would wear, or a worker in a slaughterhouse.
“As for the rest —” Holmes stubbed his cigarette out and continued: “That the man has a well-stuffed leather briefcase on the chair beside him suggests an engagement of a business nature. Why else would anyone bring such an encumbrance to a late evening supper? As for the engagement being with someone beneath his station...” Holmes sighed and gave Watson a somewhat patronizing look. “Really, Watson, this is getting tiresome. Obviously, our friends over there are wealthy enough to dine at the Ritz or the Cafe Monico. Why Simpson’s, as good as it is, with its simple English fare? Hardly what a wealthy American tourist or business magnate would choose unless he had good and sufficient reason to do so — such as not wishing to appear in a highly fashionable restaurant that caters to the
The remainder of the afternoon was spent with the newspapers, which were full of the Whitechapel murder and fairly screamed with the horror of it all. The leader in
Still, Watson was glad to have been able to entice him away from Baker Street for a few hours of diversion and relaxation. Left to his own devices, Holmes would have been content to remain behind, indeed would have preferred it, cloistered like a hermit amid his index books and papers and chemical paraphernalia, the violin his only diversion, cherrywood and shag his only solace.
“You know me better than that,” Holmes said, casually dabbing at his lips with a napkin. “I never guess.” His lips puckered in a prim smile.
The hansom jolted to a halt at the corner of Commercial Street and Hanbury: A rope barricade across the intersection would permit them to travel no farther. Holmes pushed open the doors and bounded from the cab.
Familiar streets and landmarks flashed by in a kaleidoscopic blur as the daylight grew stronger, and the relatively few pedestrians at large turned to stare in alarm as the coach hurtled past: Oxford Street into Tottenham Court Road into High Holborn into Newgate, past the towering dome of St. Paul’s into Cheapside, Cornhill, Leadenhall, Aldgate — their progress from the West End of London to the East End was made in what must have been near-record time. It ran the course not only of the city’s streets but of its social and economic groupings as well, for while the two ends of London were mere miles apart geographically, they were poles apart in every other aspect. Their journey took them past mansions and palaces of the titled and wealthy, the sedate homes of the merely affluent; past shops filled with finery and all manner of delicacies, through lower-middle-class neighborhoods, shabbily genteel, into poor working-class districts, grimy, grim, and colorless.
“Ah, yes. As I said, the body was ordered sent to the mortuary by Dr. Llewellyn, and it was there that a more thorough examination was in due course undertaken. And that’s when we discovered the real horror of the crime.”
Watson sniffed. “You’re talking rubbish, Holmes: Ineffable twaddle. The poor are poor because they’re deserving of nothing better. They could rise above their station if they wished. Indeed, some have done so successfully. But those who choose to live like animals do so only because they are animals. No amount of education is going to change that.”
Wiggins scratched again, this time deep in the folds of his coat. “H’ide wyger h’its a Jew w’iv a ledd’r apron, t’ats me guess!”
“Aw, go’awn,” said Wiggins, a crooked grin on his homely face. He pulled at his ear and shuffled from one foot to the other. Then something occurred to him and he frowned, and he looked at Holmes with grave suspicion.
“Calm yourself, Mrs. Hudson, dear lady,” Holmes said, patting her on the arm. “Back to your bed now, and mind the stairs. No, no, don’t trouble about breakfast. A shilling for the lad, Watson, if you would be so kind. Make it two, seeing the earliness of the hour.”
Holmes walked carefully around the body, barely glancing at it for the moment, devoting his attentions instead to the ground around it, scrutinizing every inch slowly and carefully. Apparently satisfied there was nothing to be found, he turned his attentions to the body itself, that of a plump, well-proportioned woman in her mid-forties, with what had once been dark good looks now ravaged by drink. The woman’s face, bruised and smeared with blood, was turned to one side, the tongue protruding slightly from between the teeth. Her throat had been cruelly sliced: The head was almost completely severed from the body.
A light rain was beginning to fall as their hansom entered Piccadilly Circus, where early evening throngs promenaded past brightly lit theaters and shops, the lights reflecting garishly from the now-dampened pavement. When the hansom reached Trafalgar Square a few minutes later, the rain quite suddenly became heavier, causing the crowds there to quicken their pace, while a flock of pigeons erupted for no apparent reason from the base of Nelson’s Column, making a single circuit before settling helter-skelter amid the mushrooming of umbrellas that erupted almost as swiftly as the pigeons had taken flight.
Abberline, who had visibly paled, searched his brain desperately for an adequate reply, for his career, he realized, was suddenly in great jeopardy. He had gone to Holmes on his own initiative, without the knowledge or consent of higher authority. He had violated the old adage among civil servants: “That which is not expressly permitted is expressly forbidden.” He had committed an unpardonable sin, and what was worse, he had done it stupidly: He not only acted on his own but acted without having anyone to lay the blame on.
The center of the room was taken up by several rectangular wooden tables, only one or two of which were bare. The others were draped with sheets of a rough material under which the lumpy shapes of cadavers reposed. Off to one side were a half dozen or so wicker baskets which at first glance in the dim light appeared to contain small bundles of dirty laundry. They contained the bodies of infants, the day’s collection.
Mrs. Hudson was waiting for them just inside the front vestibule by the staircase landing when they entered, but Holmes rushed past her with barely a nod, bounding up the stairs two at a time.
“Hold the light higher, please, someone!” ordered Holmes, his voice sounding unnaturally loud, even strident.
Abberline fidgeted in his chair, and his fingers began a nervous tattoo on the desktop. Holmes observed him silently for a few moments, exchanged glances with Watson, and finally spoke again.
He spun on his heel again and once more started for the inner corridor, only to halt in mid-stride and return a second time. He pointed an accusing finger at Watson. “You are not Home Office! What do you mean by suggesting that? What are you, journalists? Too damn well turned out to be Fleet Street chaps, I should think! Seedy bunch of fellers, all of them. Who are these people, Aberdeen?”
Holmes gazed at him silently for a long moment, then turned to retrieve his hat and stick. “Come, Watson. Our business here is done.”
“Forgive me, dear chap,” he said at last, “but we are in very deep waters here, and it would not do to jump to false conclusions and bandy names recklessly about, even in the privacy of these rooms. I could be on a false track, there could be any one of a number of explanations for that cigarette to be where it was. I must ask you to bear with me for the while until, until...”
The presence of the Armagnac has never been explained; it had been there when Mr. Jones’s predecessor arrived many years before and, as far as he knew when queried, when
Watson followed at a more leisurely pace. “A good evening to you, Mrs. Hudson. Apparently we have callers. How good of you to see to their comfort. Thank you so very much indeed.”
Holmes smiled ruefully and rendered Watson a little bow from his chair, then turned back to Abberline.
“So there was no search of the area for a weapon or footprints or anything at all that could have been tied to the crime?” Holmes asked.
“See for yourself, sir. There cannot be two such devils stalking the streets. It’s our man, all right, make no mistake.” With a gesture Abberline directed them through the door into a passageway. Dank and smelling of urine, it extended through to the rear of the building to another door which opened onto a small courtyard in the back. There were three stone steps leading down. At the foot of the steps, alongside a low wooden fence enclosing the yard, lay what appeared to be a bundle of rags. In the gray light it took a moment or two for their eyes to adjust and for them to realize that it was a body they were looking down upon. It was that of a fully clad woman sprawled on her back, her legs drawn up with her feet flat on the ground, her knees turned obscenely outward. Her clothing was badly disarrayed and pulled up over her waist, exposing the lower portion of her extremities. She was horribly mutilated.
Their arrival at the mortuary was almost a welcome relief; the smells there were merely of formaldehyde and lye, strong and gagging but somehow cleansing to the nostrils. Still it was no place for those with delicate stomachs or sensibilities.
“No,” he said disgustedly. “To what purpose? He has nothing, poor fellow. God knows he is trying hard enough. A good man, that — far better than most.” High praise, coming from Holmes.
“His lordship insisted upon total confidentiality, and I gave him my word. Can’t say as I blame him, though he is hardly the first old fool with a young wife and a randy groundskeeper. But it is nothing that would interest you, dear fellow, I assure you. Merely a sordid little case of blackmail, a simple matter after all. It just took a while to sort out. A pretty house, though, with quite a lovely park. Unfortunately, the food was abominable. The lord of the manor is a vegetarian, would you believe: one of those rabid antivivisectionist fellows. Professes to despise all blood sports, and even chases behind the local hunt in his trap, ringing a cowbell and bellowing quotations of that Oscar Whatshisname chap.
It was a good quarter of an hour before Holmes made his way back. He had roamed around the yard for a brief period of time and then disappeared back through the passageway into the street, where he was observed walking up and down, peering into doorways, searching the gutters, poking into crevices in the pavement with his stick, and occasionally bending down to peer at one thing or another at his feet. Watson, in the meantime, had completed his examination and was standing by the body, wiping his hands on a handkerchief, when Holmes returned.
“A perfectly marvelous, gruesome experience,” observed Sherlock Holmes brightly as he and Watson wended their way through the crowds streaming out of the theater into the gaiety and glare of the gaslit Strand. “I cannot thank you enough for insisting that I accompany you this evening, Watson. Rarely have I been witness to a more dramatic transformation of good to evil, either onstage or off, than our American friend has so ably portrayed for us.”
“Wh’ell I begs yer pard’n, I’m sure, guv,” he said, his words weighted with exaggerated sarcasm, “but yer did tells me not ta tarry, an’ I din’t, did I?”
“It would seem that for once our friends at the Yard are not alone in being confounded,” he said. “I tell you, this maniac, whoever he is, may just as well be a ghost as a living creature, for all the spoor he has left behind him. No one saw him, no one heard him, no one knows a thing! We have a murder without a motive — a singularly brutal murder, I might add — we have four people who came upon the victim within minutes, perhaps even seconds of the crime, we have only two directions in which the murderer could have gone, and we have nothing! Absolutely nothing!”
With this Wiggins reached into the folds of his coat and extracted something from an inner pocket, a small scrap of rolled newspaper twisted at the ends. Placing the makeshift little parcel onto the side table at Holmes’s elbow, he pulled it carefully apart with grimy fingers. Inside were several flattened cigarette butts, obviously picked up off the street.
It seems that Mr. Anstruther had little faith in banks, having lost a sizable part of a large inheritance during the Great Depression, and no trust in the legal profession, upon which he blamed most of the ills of the world (“First, kill all the lawyers,” he was fond of misquoting Shakespeare). Therefore, he chose the strongbox of Claridge’s, which he considered the second safest depository in all of England. Banks could fail, Britain could lose her Empire, but Claridge’s? Claridge’s would remain unchanged, untouched, untroubled for as long as that other great monument to the English race and Western civilization, the Tower of London. And since its vaults were otherwise occupied, Claridge’s safe would simply have to do.
The four of them, Holmes and Watson and the two policemen, were escorted directly and without ceremony to one of the tables located at the far end of the room. A lantern was brought and the sheet pulled back.
Holmes continued. “I take it that the similar article of apparel that Inspector Chandler found at the murder scene and correctly deduced could have had nothing to do with the crime is what ties our Mr. Pizer to the event. Or am I only jumping to conclusions?”
Watson gave him a sidelong look. “Very well, Holmes, I will nibble at your lure. Pray explain yourself!”
Abberline’s predicament became clear to Holmes in an instant. He jumped in quickly. “My presence here, Sir Charles, has to do with the Whitechapel business. I have been following developments closely and have some theories about the case that Inspector Abberline reluctantly — though I must say, politely — agreed to listen to.”
As instructed by Holmes, he and his confederates spread themselves out among the public houses, soup kitchens, and other popular gathering places of Whitechapel, fading unobtrusively into the background to learn what they could. Following Holmes’s strict instructions to the letter, they refrained from asking questions outright, which might have called attention to themselves, but merely listened and observed. Then they regrouped to share what information they obtained: As luck would have it, it was Wiggins himself who came up with the most promising lead.
Abberline would not leave it at that, however. “Do you not have any thoughts at all, Mr. Holmes? Or suggestions?”
She sniffed. “Well, I have my church meeting to attend and I won’t hold up dinner, so if he’s not back in time for it, he’ll just have to go without. Now, drink that tea before it gets cold, and there’s fresh scones there under the warmer, and try not to get crumbs on the floor!”
Chandler removed his hat and scratched his head. “Well, yes, but I don’t really know if it has anything to do with this affair, you see.”
The hansom took a particularly violent turn as it rounded into Commercial Street from Aldgate, the horse veering wildly to avoid a lumbering brewer’s dray: Both of them were knocked sharply to the side. The jarvey now was forced to slow his horse; the streets were getting narrower, the traffic heavier. They rode on in tense silence: The jostling ride made conversation difficult in any case, and the scarcity of information made it pointless.
Holmes plopped himself down in his favorite chair, crossed his legs Indian fashion, and gazed into the empty fireplace. “I have been to Spitalfields, I have been to the district police station, I have been to the local settlement house, to the local workhouse, to several doss-houses, and even to a few ‘houses of joy’ would you believe?”
“Gone these few hours since,” announced Mrs. Hudson as she shook her head disgustedly. “Don’t ask me where, I don’t know. I never know where he goes or when he’ll be back. Hardly pecked at his breakfast, and such a nice one too. My best Sunday table with kippers and eggs just like he likes them, and that marmalade he favors — costs a pretty penny, I can tell you. And him? He gulps some coffee down and is off! Hardly half a cup!” She shook her head some more and actually waggled a finger at him. “Out till all hours of the night, the both of you! You’re as bad as he is, sometimes!”
Holmes nodded. “I assumed as much. I am not unaware of the stresses and recent changes that have been inflicted upon the CID.
“It was done with a very sharp instrument,” Watson continued, “a thin, narrow blade. I would say that it was done with great strength, a vigorous stroke. Yet the man knew what he was about; there is no frenzy, no wild, misaimed slashing indicated. The wound at the throat is very precise, and the cuts here and here (he pointed with a finger) are well calculated. But that’s the least of it.” He inhaled deeply. “As you can see, there are frightful mutilations of the abdominal region. She’s been virtually disemboweled.”
He scratched an ear. “Well, as to that I don’t know. I’m no medical examiner and I don’t pretend to be an expert in that area. But I sent for one straightaway: the divisional surgeon, actually — Dr. Phillips. And of course I arranged to have a telegram sent to Inspector Abberline here, knowing he was in charge of the earlier murder that was just like this one — the Nicholls murder. And I sent back to the Commercial Street station for more men to cordon the area off and keep people out. And then — well, then I started my search for clues and such.”
Abberline shook his head. “Oh, I know, I know. Violent death is no stranger to Whitechapel or to Spitalfields. As I don’t have to tell you, the Spitalfields district is populated with the very lowest of the low: the poor and the very poor and beneath them the utterly destitute — the dregs of society, as they say. Why, crime — crime in its most violent forms — is a way of life there. And life is so cheap, they’ll slit each other’s gullets for a sixpence and think nothing of it.”
Watson raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. “Enough, enough; I should have known better than to doubt you. You have my most abject apologies. Now, for God’s sake let us get the bill and find our way home. I am suddenly very weary and want only my bed.”
At that point there was a clatter in the passage and two uniformed constables entered the yard, wheeling a litter. Abberline acknowledged their presence and turned wordlessly to Holmes, a questioning look on his face.
The “few days” turned into several more. It was late Friday evening before Holmes returned from the countryside, a glow in his cheeks and, for once, in good humor. He declined to go into the details of the case, however, and even refrained from telling Watson where in the countryside he had been.
Sherlock arrives at the surgery around 2:45, a little late for having taken a nap on his camp bed after Seth had gone. John’s standing in the vestibule when he arrives, talking to a man Sherlock has seen around town, Josiah Amberley. Amberley’s left hand and arm are wrapped in clean gauze to just below the elbow. Sherlock takes him in: late sixties, grey hair, unkempt and swept back from a high forehead, sparsely bearded. He’s tall, but stooped, and with a downtrodden look. Large hands and feet. A once handsome face, now deeply lined—older than his years—a prominently bridged aquiline nose, square jaw, and deep set, bruised looking sharp grey eyes.
So, Amberley was the murderer, then. Easily solved. Bit of a disappointment, really... that it had been so obvious. Anyone could have solved it. Sherlock was nothing special, and he was tiring. He’d begun to stoop. He was slowing down.
He leans back against the headboard and watches his trembling hand where it rests on the duvet, realising that he’d not thought of his body simply as “transport” in a long time. John had changed that with his hands, his breath against Sherlock’s skin… but now? What is it now, if not transport?
Last night, he asked if he disgusted me. What a ridiculous question. Sherlock asking me that is—unbearable. I don’t know how he could imagine that. After all this time.
Not much to report. Things are pretty stable. Sherlock is managing well, and seems like his old self—by which I mean the “old self” who lives with me here in the country—the one who keeps bees, tends the garden, and does a host of other things I never thought I’d see, like being friendly with the neighbours and holding hands with me on long walks.
“Mm,” Sherlock replies neutrally, his commitment to eating unclear. He doesn’t look up. John leans in to kiss him again, exasperated but fond.
“Doctor Watson and I have agreed that he will stay with Mary. There is the child to consider, and our investigations. He will do his best to make her believe that she truly is safe,” Mycroft tells him. Sherlock can feel his misgivings, and shares them. “It will not be easy for him,” he adds quietly.
“No,” Sherlock answers, accepting the tea, brushing cool, white fingers over John’s warm ones. John puts the toast down next to it and raises his eyebrows implicatively. Sherlock confirms with a look that he will eat it.
Sherlock raises his eyes to John’s—pale and colourless in the nighttime light of their cosy sitting room, pale and raw—and acquiesces.
It was late afternoon before I finally returned from the old Oast farm and my meeting with Mr. Amberley. To be fair, though, I did spend a rather lazy morning at home first. Sherlock stayed in bed well past dawn for a change, and I could have sworn he was trying to keep me too busy to leave. Not that I’m complaining, mind you! Finally, though, he’d got up, and I left him at the kitchen table, bent over a taxonomy of British wildflowers, next to a tepid and untouched cup of tea. He barely acknowledged my departure. I thought he was back in his world of green and growing things, and I took no notice of it.
Sherlock and Seth had made a good team. They’d made short work of the so-called alibi. The Eastbourne amateur theatrical society had photographs of the theatre on the evening Amberley claimed to have been there, and there was no sign of him. There’d been a woman and a teenaged girl in the seats that matched his tickets. They knew her at the theatre—a regular attendee and sometime participant. Sherlock had sent Seth to speak to her, and the boy soon returned to confirm that she’d been there to watch her neighbour’s performance, and had only taken Amberley’s seats when it had become clear the real ticket holder wasn’t going to turn up.
“Yes.” Sherlock gestures towards three heavy rolls of black plastic sheeting. He’s got plans to kill off the grass in their back half acre and plant perennial meadow flowers—perfect for the chalky soil, better for the bees. The first step is stopping the sunlight reaching the ground to stop the lawn growing. In the early Spring he’ll cut what’s left as close to the ground as he can and seed—
“How so?” Sherlock asked. flexing his neck and massaging his right shoulder with his left hand. He was obviously curious now. His face was a mask, but his eyes keen.
In the past months, Sherlock had often thought of John’s likening his Parkinsonian symptoms to the gravitational lensing that reveals the invisible, all-consuming, inevitable density of a singularity lurking in space. An inescapable disruption from which nothing, not even light, can escape. A black hole in the universe that warps everything in it’s orbit. Sherlock has never had much patience for poetics or for metaphors, especially not scientific ones. Sentimental nonsense! But, the image has lodged itself in his mind, and Sherlock realises that he sees crime this way—as a heavy blackness that shapes the space around it, distorting and reordering the world, warping it to allow him his perceptions and observations—letting him deduce. The density of crime made him what he was. Dark matter.
“He came into the clinic this morning with a pretty nasty burn on his forearm. How did you know about the eye?”
“Ok then, Sherlock Holmes. What have I missed?” I hoped he couldn’t read the pleasure in my voice. I made every effort to sound affronted.
He should have known. He’d been wrong about Magnussen’s dead eyes, too. Was it really so impossible that someone else was as good at being a walking mnemonic device as he is? Sherlock knows now that he has been so driven by emotion and so helplessly reactive, that he’s finally made the perfect storm of fatal errors that will cost him everything. Such a cliché. Magnussen is dead, Mycroft’s hands are tied, and Sherlock still has nothing but his suspicions about Mary.
