There’s the thunder, finally. Must be some storm. Far away, if he’s counting the seconds right, but the lightning sure seems pretty immediate.
“Before you dragged me away by the lapel, you mean?” Cas snaps. “No, Dean, I did not.”
“I did well, then?” Cas asks, smiling all small and sweet like he hasn’t just said the filthiest things Dean’s ever been told in his life.
“I am going to spend the evening putting up wards around the property while you and Sam rest,” Cas says, turning to Dean once more. “I think that will be the most productive use of my time.”
“Dean,” Cas said, in that stormy-rough rasp of his. His pupils were blown as wide and dark as a night sky with light pollution — no stars, no satellites, just inky-blackness and two rings of icy blue around it. “Dean, I...”
That gives Dean pause, because he’s pretty sure angels just don’t have the capability. Then again, what he doesn’t know about angels could fill a library, and Cas is a whole category unto himself, anyway. Maybe he picked it up from when he was briefly human. Maybe he’s spent enough time watching Dean snore in motel rooms to learn a trick or two.
Dean had to lean down and kiss that look off Cas’s face, long slow kisses, sloppy because he was worn-out and lazy from fucking.
Dean wakes up blearily at three in the morning. He lurches out of bed, the last little eddies of a nightmare lapping at his feet, and scrubs both hands down his face as he paces to the window to check the locks.
Cas turned his head to look out the passenger side window. “We needn’t, Dean. I just wanted to know where we stood.”
Dean’s mouth hangs open, gaping.
“Yeah,” Dean said. He untucked one arm to let it dangle down, close enough that he could link his finger through one of Cas’s. “Yeah, I think so.”
Cas was unburdened by preconceived notions of what kissing ought to be like, and as such, he tended to want to put his mouth everywhere, spending time on places Dean hadn’t considered particularly sexual before. Cas liked to kiss the insides of his elbows, the soft dips on either side of his kneecaps, each of Dean’s fingertips, his calves, rubbing his cheek against the blond fuzz on Dean’s belly.
Cas’s face does something complicated, contorting for a moment before he manages to smooth it out into a smile. “One of these days I’m going to understand you,” he says.
That’s from his hand. Seared into Cas’s body to show where Dean had grasped him as he pulled him out of the Empty.
“This sure looks like putting up wards,” Dean counters, arms crossed tight over his chest.
Dean thinks. A piece of yellow paint chips off the door, lands on the toe of his boot, and Dean falls in love.
“I just flew around the entirety of Mount Elbrus,” Cas announces, breathless and giddy. “Then I circled the Galapagos islands. There are so many fantastic animals there, Dean, you’d love it. The water is so warm.”
“Dean,” Cas says, hoarse. “Why are you angry?”
“Well, it was far less enjoyable than this is. There was no sunshine, and it certainly didn’t come with a spotter.” He pats Dean’s arm.
Caught off-guard, Dean’s stomach dropped to the damn wheel well. “Excuse me?” he said. “We’re really going there?”
Cas licks a stray drop of aioli off his wrist and Dean has to look away, toes curling in his boots. Since when does the guy eat, anyway? He seems to be enjoying himself a normal amount — maybe more than normal, if that aioli-licking business keeps up — and Dean is struck by how
“And whatever you make,” Cas agrees.
The water’s up to his waist now, lapping up against his belly and making his nipples pebble. His feet have already adjusted to the temperature, the cold still fresh and surprising against his chest when he steps deep enough, and it makes him gasp.
“That smells very good,” Cas says, resting his chin on top of Dean’s shoulder, and presses his face into the crook of Dean’s neck.
“Thank you,” Cas whispers.
“Oh yeah?” Dean licked his lips. “What’s that?”
Dean flinches back like he’s been slapped.
The first step is to cut out the pieces for the deep supers, which are nine and a half inches by twenty each. It takes him longer than he anticipated to get everything to come out symmetrical, longer than it would have ten years ago, even, his right hand throbbing where repetitive stress over the past four decades has made him weak. He flexes it open and closed, open and closed. He wonders how many times a day it’s going to smack him upside the head all over again that he’s outlived everyone’s expectations.
There’s more work to be done — the windows upstairs still leak cold air at night, and the garage needs organizing, hopefully before they have their hands full with Cas’s bees. They need groceries and weatherstripping and Dean isn’t so naive to assume that all of this God business is something Jack can just shrug off like it’s nothing. There will be nightmares, he has to assume, and other consequences he can’t imagine yet, even while nestled into this safe haven they’ve made.
“Kid —!” Dean lunges to stop her, but the wolf is quicker. His heart jolts in his chest.
“Better than beer, eh.”
“Let go of my sister!” Zippy snarls. She jabs a claw at Dean and Cas.
“This a spectator sport, or should I leave?” he asks.
“You two are spending too much time together,” Sam says.
God knows what possesses him to make him say it, but — “That make you Artemis?” he blurts out.
“Really? ‘Cause I’m pretty sure he’s trying to steal the whole library three books at a time.” Sam hefts Cas’s bag onto his shoulder and starts to head for the stairs. “Saves me the trouble of organizing ‘em, though.”
The deep supers are completely dry at the dovetailed joints when he removes the clamps, but the honey supers are still waiting to be put together. The next step is to paint all the exposed sides in the pale blue paint he bought to reflect the sun, which'll keep the bees cool, and then he has to assemble the queen excluder and frames for the supers.
Dean’s mouth twists. He shuts the back of the trailer hard, flipping the lock. “Nope.”
“Come look at the bedrooms,” Cas says, grabbing Dean’s sleeve and tugging him up the stairs. That leaves Sam with Janet, but Dean figures they can catch up with them after the wave of dizziness has passed and he can check out the rooms Cas wants to show him.
“You want me to take you right here,” Cas said, mouth an inch from Dean’s. “When you’re injured, exhausted, and in no shape for strenuous activities. You want me to make it hurt.”
“You’re so stubborn,” Cas murmured into the vulnerable skin just beneath Dean’s ear. “Why do you make it so difficult to look after you in the moments you most need looking after?”
The sunshine glitters down like an act of God while they pile into the car, if Dean was the kind of guy to buy into a thing like that. That’s what Cas davens for in the mornings, isn’t it?
“In many versions of the myth,” Cas confirms. “And much beloved by Artemis. High praise, as she was, historically, a very choosy patron.”
“No.” Jack picks his head up to look at Dean over Cas’s arm. “I’m just me again.”
“Jesus Christ,” Dean bites out.
Dean blinks, eyes snapping up to look at him. “Huh? What’s that?”
Dean blinks. There’s a third smaller bedroom just to the right of the stairs, tucked alongside the half-bath, and Dean’s been idly considering a games room of sorts, stuffing a ping-pong table and a dart board inside just for kicks. But that’s not a concrete plan.
shit like that, but then again, most people weren’t Cas. “What about Sam,” he tried.
Flowers used to spring up in his wake, Cas said. Now he has to burrow little holes with his fingertips in order to coax life up from the ground, and it makes Dean feel strange inside, off-kilter in his own skin as Cas reaches for his sack of sunflower seeds. They’re gonna have a whole field of ‘em by the time he’s through.
Dean strides over and throws his arms around the kid, grabbing him close. Jack’s breath hitches as he freezes up. It takes him a solid fifteen seconds to start to relax into Dean’s embrace, the duration of which Dean holds him and doesn’t let his own awkwardness force him to end the hug early.
He seems pretty glad to see them, though, and grabs Dean to thump him on the back twice before he releases him again. Dean watches Cas accept the same treatment and shoot a faintly baffled expression at him over Sam’s shoulder.
Much later, after they’ve cleaned up a little and relocated to Cas’s bed to avoid the wet spot, Dean traces the shape of Cas’s other handprint with his fingertips. The scar is healing pretty well, although it’s stretched out in a couple places, especially over his collar bone. Dean leans in and kisses the jagged line of his own trigger finger that points toward Cas’s throat.
Sam looked at him like he was particularly slow today. “Won’t know till I go to the library.”
he reminds himself. There’s no reason for it to feel like a genuine goodbye. They’re coming back. They are.
“You’ll let Dean use your bed here, right?” Sam asks. “Unless you’re tired.”
“I’m sorry for your loss, Dean,” she corrects, and shows him a crooked smile that reminds Dean of Sam. “And welcome to the area. You liking it so far?”
Sam looks at him like he’s stupid. “Your bed’s in the safe house, dumbass. Cas doesn’t sleep, he’ll let you borrow his.”
Cas went very still with his mouth frozen against Dean’s neck. He cautiously thumbed over the silky-soft raised bump of scar tissue, and Dean swallowed hard, pulse springing to life under it. The twin wounds had healed badly, stretched out too soon after scarring over, and he’d had some nerve damage as well — it had taken a long time for feeling to return to his chest, and even then, it’d been patchy at best.
“Whatcha got there?” Dean asks.
Dean kind of had that one coming. He rolls his eyes. “Whatever, man. Long as you aren’t Catholic.”
“...Dude.” Dean’s hand slides out of Cas’s hair and lands on his shoulder. “You wanna elaborate on that?”
“We did good, Dean,” Sam says. “We got him back.”
Rubbing a hand over his eyes doesn’t wipe the images from Dean’s head, but it centers him a little.
“PB&J is my favorite kind of sandwich too,” Cas offers. Lilah turns her big sad eyes on him next, really absorbing him. He smiles and takes a couple steps forward, shoes crunching on the gravel, only to crouch down several feet away from the door. “That’s an impressive scrape you have there. May I fix it?”
“Floating?”
“You ever lose somebody?” Dean asks, which is exactly the kind of sad-sack old man question he shouldn’t ask a bartender. He would be more disgusted with himself if his head wasn’t swimming pleasantly. “Somebody you shoulda been looking after?”
“Yeah,” Sam says. He exhales like it hurts. “Yeah, I do. The whole saving people thing shouldn’t begin and end with deciding who gets to live, we should be doing more than that.”
Sam blinks. “Uh. You know that thing where Victorian women got sent to the seaside to feel less crazy?”
Sam is back with the blankets. He wraps one around Cas’s shoulders and lets Dean swipe the other out of his hands so he can bundle Cas up into it, tight as he can, as if that can possibly contain the anguish bleeding out of him.
“Where’d you go last night?” Dean asks. He takes a swig of his own coffee, still standing, and braces his forearms on the railing. It stretches out his lower back, relieving an ache he only notices once it’s gone.
The sympathetic face Sam is making when Dean turns to look at him has Dean’s hackles threatening to rise again. He shakes off the urge to snap and glances away, toward the bunker where Cas is inside. He feels insane — he wants to dash indoors again and check, wants to make sure it wasn’t just a trick of the light, that the bed he’d tucked Cas away into after his bath is still full of angel like he left it. It’s the same feeling that has made Dean check on Sam in the middle of the night at least once a week since they were children.
“Whatever you say,” Cas sighs, and finishes his coffee in three long swallows. His face has gone blank and unreadable again.
“Yeah.”
“You are so beautiful when you orgasm,” Cas said, nuzzling into the hollow beneath Dean’s jaw. “I wish it could last longer than a few seconds.”
“Do you consider yourself Jewish?” Cas asks.
then he’s done a piss-poor job of it, hasn’t he? It just — it’s somehow never occurred to him that maybe he’s the one who knows Cas best, the same as Cas knows him, down to the bones and then even further. Cas is unknowable, he’s a cosmic entity with a couple billion years under his belt, and somehow Dean of all people managed to become his best friend.
Dean gave a full-body shiver, staying still as a statue in case moving would make Cas stop touching him. “You tired?”
“Everything’s fine, Dean,” Sam says, voice sounding far away and exasperated over the phone. “It’s one single werewolf, I think we can handle ourselves.”
They eat on the couch, watching
He somehow isn’t expecting Cas to flop right beside him, albeit a great deal more gingerly than Dean does. He leans back onto the mattress and arranges his head carefully on the pillow, arms stiff beside himself. Dean rolls onto his side so he can look at Cas.
“What? Why?”
“Do we need to get gas?” Cas asks in a gruff rumble. He rubs an eye with the heel of his hand.
Cas is staring at him, not even trying to hide it. Dean wants to squirm under the weight of that gaze. “Hey, you joining me?” he coaxes, pushing up on an elbow to reach for him. “Didn’t figure this was a solo mission, bud.”
Cas takes a long, deep pull. His throat bobs as he swallows, lips pursed after.
Zippy swoops her sister up into her arms and stands on two spindly legs, immediately slinging Lilah up onto her back as she takes a defensive stance. Lilah winds her arms around Zippy’s neck and nuzzles in like cuddling a fully-shifted werewolf is
They’re fine. Of course they’re fine. He won’t be able to sleep again until he’s checked them all, though, so he swears under his breath as he stumbles down the hall to the unfurnished Cas-bedroom to check on the huge windows there.
But maybe that was just Dean’s stellar influence. Who knew.
“I heard you rolling around,” Cas murmurs, shutting the door behind himself. “I can’t rest either.”
Turned out, Cas
Cas has been praying to him ever since he came back from the dead, so Dean doesn’t know what his prayer might add to the equation. He holds it delicately in his mind, though, how good it would be if Jack were here, perched on the counter and laughing at something Dean says.
Cas is outside again when Dean wakes up, perched on the deck in a thin t-shirt and some pajama shorts Dean sure as hell didn’t buy him. That’s an awful lot of thigh to be flashing at seven in the morning, but he guesses it’s already warm enough not to be chilly. Still. His pale skin with soft dark hair dusting down his shins fills Dean’s peripheral vision as he offers Cas a mug of coffee, loaded up with too much milk and sugar as always.
“Sure,” Dean makes himself say. “Okay. How’s she doing?”
“My Cas,” Dean repeats dumbly. He doesn’t know how the conversation got here.
Dean might have preferred his father having a problem with what he was, honestly. Would’ve made it easier to hate him later for the shit he did end up getting wrong. But to his credit, John Winchester’s biggest reaction to his teenage son announcing a new name with shame bubbling up on his tongue was to suggest a haircut and tell him to stop stealing his damn jacket,
Oh, Dean has been trained over the years to hate that phrase with every fiber of his being. He doesn’t realize how hard he’s clutching until Cas reaches up and gently pries his fingers from his shoulder, holding Dean’s hand between his own for the two seconds he allows it. Then Dean rips away, pacing to the kitchen window with unease crowding up his neck, swarming at the base of his skull in a relentless buzz.
“Quiet.” Cas took Dean’s jaw in hand and turned it to the side with bloody fingertips, eyeing the handprint of bruises that were purpling around his throat. “Were you bitten?”
“Cas?” he calls out. “Cas!”
too strong. Dean drinks it anyway. Cas is outside working on the garden, he can see him through the window, although something has to be wrong, ‘cause all the grass is back.
Cas eased off slowly. His tongue lathed cautious stripes, gentle as anything, until Dean gave an overstimulated shiver and he backed off. Not that he went too far. He just clambered onto the bed and pushed until Dean lay back and let himself be held.
Dean hangs up on him.
For once, Dean didn’t feel like yelling at him for snooping.
“What d’you think?” he asks. Cas’s eyelashes are dark as charcoal against his cheekbones when he blinks.
“Zippy barely changed at all during the last full moon,” Sam tells them quietly. “She got a little quicker to snap, a little less willing to let Lilah out of her sight. Other than that, they just chilled out and watched cartoons. I fed her extra, I guess. She even helped me with the dishes.”
“Cas,” Dean rasped, clutching at the tie around his wrists, just for something to hang onto. Tension coiled up tight and white-hot in his gut. “God,
The force of how hard they have to yank topples them backward, Cas landing awkwardly half on Dean’s shins and half sprawled out on the leafy ground. He’s gasping, over and over, and Dean wrenches himself up to sitting so he can drag Cas kneeling upright, hands alighting on his shoulders, his collarbone, the vulnerable underside of his jaw. Everywhere he touches is sticky-black, hot and slick like drying blood.
Fair enough. Dean fiddles with his new ring, testing the tip of his tongue against his lower teeth. “Been on the road most of my life,” he says, and returns her shrug. “Harder than you’d think to slow down.”
Dean, finally having wrestled his drink back from Cas, drains the rest of it in one go. The rim of the bottle is warm against his lower lip.
“You did good,” Dean says. “Better’n all of us put together.”
The screen door slams closed after Dean when he strides outside, keys in hand. Cas is knelt down to uproot the weeds in his garden. His expression is stormy and suspicious when he looks up, hair curling even more obviously in the afternoon light, rich brown sweeping across his brow. Dean’s jaw aches from clenching.
Dean barks.
Sam’s mouth was tight, twisted into a little frown. Dean resolved to tell him a stupid joke to try and smooth out the crease between his eyebrows, just as soon as he felt like he could talk without wheezing.
His ears go hot. “I gave it a try. Guess Jack had his listening hat on.”
“...No.” Jack keeps hiding his face. “You guys were happy. I could see it from Heaven.”
Cas’s thumb stroked the curve of Dean’s wrist under the dishwater. “Let’s finish the washing up. I’d like to go to bed.”
So maybe Dean does the dishes a little extra hard in the evening, and maybe he stares a little too hard at the plates as he dries them through the blurry haze of his eyelashes. He needs to get over himself, is what he needs to do.
“Okay? Who gives a shit, why’re you being shifty about that?”
he wanted to say.
Cas’s lips twitch, and Dean realizes he’s been had.
“Do you think there’s a limit on getting second chances?” Cas asks bleakly.
“That ain’t —” Dean protested, but Cas silenced him with a thrust. Dean's head hit the headboard with a thud and a whimper.
The third is that Sam really wasn’t kidding about moving furniture around, because the layout of the bunker is all but unrecognizable. So much stuff has been stripped away, enough so that Dean can see the bare walls in the hallway, the dents in the sheet metal standing out stark and obvious.
Cas complies, making a small sound when he stretches out his long limbs and leans into Dean’s body. His head falls against Dean’s shoulder. Dark wet hair tickles Dean’s jaw.
“I like this one,” Cas murmurs. He cracks an eye open just for the purpose of catching Dean’s gaze. He doesn’t smile, precisely, but his mouth softens like he wants to. It’s one of those expressions of his Dean’s only ever seen directed at him.
Cas nods, reflecting the exact same measured solemnity she’s mirroring back at him. Dean is rooted where he stands as he watches their staring contest bounce back and forth.
“I’m getting the first aid kit,” Dean says. “Stay here.”
Dean can’t blame Lilah for picking favorites — Cas has an energy that makes people feel safe, beneath the electric crackle of his alien weirdness. He’s gentled over the years. Dean can’t imagine the angel he met in that barn in Illinois propped up in a twin-sized bed to read a chapter of
Cas said he loves him. How did Dean forget —? But he forgot key details of his escape from their first encounter with Purgatory, too, didn’t he? Cas had to show him the footage through Vulcan mind meld later before Dean would believe him.
Above him, Castiel glows brighter than Venus.
Cas takes the bottle and pours some carefully into his hand. Who taught him to do that, too? Dean should have been the one, he should have taken Cas to a motel room instead of that stupid brothel way back when, although that could very well have screwed things up for them more in the long run. Still. Jealousy eats into him like rust through sheet metal, at least until Cas wraps a slick hand around him and strokes, wet and smooth as anything.
“The Phantom Tollbooth?” Dean drums his fingertips against the wheel. “Yeah, Sam liked that one when he was a kid.”
“Just tell me to fuck off if you want me to fuck off,” Dean snaps. “Don’t act like it’s for my benefit!”
“Well.” Sam rubs over the back of his neck. “That’s the thing. Eileen and I are trying to set up something like that, actually.”
“Nope,” Dean says, and gets a handful of Cas’s shirt near his shoulder, tugging. “We gotta go. C’mon, Cas.”
Jack sniffles into Dean’s shoulder.
“Jesus Christ, that’s cold,” Dean hisses, turning to shoot a smile at him. “Oh, buddy.” The last he says because he can see now that every step forward Cas takes is cautious to the extreme, arms raised above the lake surface, looking for all the world like a cat in a bathtub.
They meet Sam at a sandwich joint for lunch before they reconvene at the lake house, and everything is immediately easier when all three of them are there. Dean kicks Sam under the table just on principle and his head already hurts less than it did while Cas was asking him those pointed questions.
He dips it in the sauce again. Dean watches him finish it, slightly awed, as he sometimes is, by the fact that there is an angel sitting on the floor of his kitchen. Even after a decade and change, his brain still routinely catches on this fact like a scratched record.
Dean flushes again. Cas sounds way too intrigued. “Just come here,” he says. “Less staring, more touching.”
Dean has to bite the inside of his cheek not to snap. “It’s your room,” he says after a beat. “And it’s our house, Cas.”
Bobby used to have one of those at his front door. Dean had always assumed it was warding of some kind, until Rufus blew air out the side of his mouth and said,
“I mean it,” Dean insisted.
Dean fished around in his pocket and then tossed the keys underhand to his brother. Sam caught them easily and crossed around to the driver’s side of the car, but he hesitated before he got in. The look on his face clearly said
“Do you want to be?” Dean counters, stumbling a step backward.
and spits up a couple green sparks on impact. Dean regrets saying anything immediately, especially when he watches Cas’s jaw clench, delicate as he picks the hex bag up again to finish tying it.
“I’ve never had that dream before,” Dean murmurs. “For the record. Not like that.”
“I want a ring,” Cas says. He picks up Dean’s left hand. “Don’t think I haven’t noticed.”
Dean notices two things at once:
“Do you know,” Cas says conversationally, “sometimes I don’t think even possessing you would bring us close enough together to satisfy me.”
Dean and Cas share a slack-jawed look.
“Your brother is still forty-five minutes away from arriving,” Cas said smoothly, putting his fingertips to Dean’s chest to push him down into the mattress. Dean lay back with a grunt, stomach twinging, and watched Cas shoulder out of his jacket and drape it over the back of the desk chair. His tie followed it, then his shirt, and Dean tracked his movements with hungry eyes. There was something decisive about the way Cas undid his belt, a hardness on his face that was not usually present after battles.
Cas joined him after he was dressed, sliding between the sheets with a grunt as he settled. “I specifically waited to rouse you until Sam went to bed, so I could stay here,” he said. “Rest, Dean. You’re tired.”
Dean thinks about Bobby and laughs out loud. “Not really my style.”
Blistering heat is the first thing he notices. The thick smell of smoke is quick to follow, the stench a familiar one, filling Dean’s nose and then his lungs. His throat catches and catches as he tries to swallow. Sparks are flickering up from the ground like lunatic fireflies — Cas’s garden is on fire, sunflowers turning to ash on their stalks, pointing their large swaying heads toward a house that could easily be mistaken for a pyre.
Cas is always doing that, though. Responding in kind. Dean looks away, positive he’s got a death grip on Cas’s hand, but the guy’s a seraph and he’s in Dean’s head, regardless. He can take it.
There’s a beat, then Sam huffs a laugh. “Cross my heart,” he swears. “Pinky promise, even.”
find.”
“At what point does this become enjoyable?” Cas asks.
There aren’t any windows in the bunker, and the soil up topside is dry and full of clay. The idea of housing an angel underground where the sunlight can’t reach feels absurd in retrospect, like growing houseplants in full darkness, or burying a songbird alive. Dean doesn’t know what he was thinking. He hopes the ‘somewhere else’ Cas found to hang out in isn’t Jack’s room, and that he isn’t just wandering the halls instead, pale and untethered as any other ghost that haunts a grave site.
disbelief, his whole chest aching like a numb limb roused to pins and needles. Cas is alive. Cas is alive and breathing and trembling beneath the blankets, and Dean squeezes his eyes closed as he presses his face into Cas’s muddy hair.
“Don’t insult me,” Dean huffs. “I’m just saying. If we changed anything, we wouldn’t have Jack.”
“Cas,” Dean said.
“How’d you know I had a headache, anyway?” Dean asked, eyeing the stripe of skin at Cas’s waistline before he tugged his shirt down over it.
Of course, he has no idea what the hell he needs, right now. Or what his face is doing, for that matter.
“Nothing too exciting. Perhaps local honey,” Cas muses. He braces his boot on the dashboard to tie it. “Or some fresh produce I don’t grow myself.”
Sam’s hand falls back to his side with a quiet smack to his thigh. “Yeah, of course. You want PB&J triangles?”
Dean almost sticks his tongue out at him. Almost. It’s a very close thing.
Lilah nods, scuffing one of her sneakers against the metal threshold. It isn’t until her leg moves that Dean notices the criss-cross of two bandaids over her knee.
Cas’s face goes blank. “I see.”
It is, Dean notes with some chagrin, the exact tone of voice Cas uses to talk to any other wounded animal — Dean included. It seems to do the trick this time as well, because Lilah nods and makes the universal arms-raised
Then again, does Dean? He's the one who brought him here.
“You may return to the bunker, Sam,” Cas said, eyes on Dean. “I must have words with your brother.”
“Do you feel this?” Cas started to pick up the pace, free hand smoothing down Dean’s belly again, thumbing his clit as he fucked him. “Do you feel how much I love you?”
The thought of Zippy and Jack meeting is sort of horrifying, but they’ll cross that bridge when they get there. Maybe he’ll be a good influence. Maybe she’ll give him a specific and pretentious taste in anime that he’ll lord over everyone.
“It means Jack doesn’t want to see me right now,” Cas answers. He sounds deceptively calm, maybe the same calm he’d had outside in the dark when Dean had caught him off guard.
“No parents, I’m guessing,” Dean says. There rarely are.
Dean’s knees ache from crouching, and his stomach churns. “It’s not cheating, putting your grace in the ground?”
Dean’s fists slowly, slowly uncurl until his hands are loose again. “So what’s the score, champ?” he asks. “What’s there instead of Heaven?”
Dean is the one who grabbed him to pull him out of the Empty. If he screwed it up, drained Cas’s grace somehow, made it worse than it was going to be —
“I’m doing something really important,” Sam says. Now he sounds strained. “Eileen is helping me. It’s — I think it’s really good. But I need you not to call for a couple weeks.”
“I assume Sam isn’t to know,” Cas said.
“It was too much to hope you’d have forgotten about that, I suppose,” Cas sighs, but he stands and follows Dean back into the house anyway, just like Dean knew he would.
“Dean,” Cas calls out from somewhere in the house.
“Should we leave the kid?” Dean counters, eyeing Lilah, who’s chewing with an open mouth and dripping jelly on Cas’s shoulder.
Cas makes a thoughtful noise. “Your father was not Jewish.”
Cas’s breathing is labored. There’s a sheen of sweat on his brow, and he sinks further into the couch cushions with even darker circles under his eyes than normal, arms flopping down to his sides like he just can’t keep them raised anymore.
“Cas,” Dean said again, not one hundred percent sure what he was asking for.
Dean kind of misses those days. It had been nice to be the guy in charge of keeping Cas acting human, even if he was fighting a losing battle, smoothing over Cas’s more ragged edges on an investigation. Turning Cas’s FBI badge right-side-up. Interrupting every time he tried to tell a suspect they were looking for demons.
Off in the distance, Jack and Sam are trying to convince a kite to catch the breeze with minimal success. Dean can’t hear what they’re yelling to each other from this far away, but it’s fun to watch Sam’s huge arms waving frantically, Jack jogging backwards with the string in hand. Eileen is sitting up against a huge tree with Lilah in her lap, showing her how to make a daisy chain — Zippy stalked off a few paces for a tree of her own a while ago, sweatshirt hood yanked up around her head despite the heat, watching all the goings-on from a distance over both bent knees.
Dean thinks, and licks his lips, tasting earthy water again.
“You were calling my name,” Cas tells him. At Dean’s alarmed expression, he sighs and reaches forward with his free hand to touch fingertips to the center of Dean’s chest. “In here. Your soul cried out to me, so I responded in kind.”
Cas nods. “If you don’t mind. I've moved some things in already.”
Does he need a reason? Probably. It’s pretty weird to thank someone without something to prompt the gratitude. But Dean doesn’t need prompting, he feels grateful fucking constantly — and Cas is looking at him like he’s a space alien for saying so, which probably means something.
“Dean?”
He’s washing Cas’s hand, cleaning the webbing between his fingers, when he notices the mark on his elbow. “What the hell?” he mutters, pulling Cas’s arm out of the murky water so he can see the puffy red scar better — it blisters around the jut of his elbow in the shape of a hand print, and Dean’s stomach swoops when he realizes.
“Deserving,” Cas offered after a beat.
Cas sighs and takes his hand back. “You seem appalled by the price.”
“Think I can pass off a bag of m&ms as trail mix if I stick ‘em in a ziplock?” Dean asked, extending the olive branch.
“And frankly too much potting soil,” Cas agrees sheepishly. “However, I’m prepared to begin garden construction as soon as I’ve cleared out the area.”
“What, you don’t want help with teen wolf back there?” Dean asks.
“What the fuck? No.” Dean’s heart was beating so hard he could hear the rush of blood in his ears.
In his dreams, Dean lies on a bed of sweet cool grass beneath a sky resplendent with stars. One by one the stars dot out into nothing, leaving inky blackness in their wake, and Dean feels fear touch him with an icy hand before his eyes trace the shape of the wings blotting out the moon.
“No clue.” Dean palms Cas’s hip, thumb flirting with the hem of his t-shirt. “You coming?”
before he feels the tell-tale cool burn of grace where they’re touching and his eyelids immediately droop. The contrast in temperature with the muggy room makes Dean shiver.
Cas smiles at him. “A mezuzah. Do you know where the hammer is?”
Dean’s had too many losses to try to line them up and rank them, but she’s probably right. He wipes a hand down his face, squeezing his eyes closed for a long second. “Yeah. He’s taking it hard.”
“I’d challenge you to find a better fertilizer,” Cas says.
“Shut up,” Dean said, and pushed himself off of the wall with a grimace. “I can walk just — oh. Hey, Cas.”
“Screw the Empty,” he mutters. “The Shadow can kiss my ass.”
For now, the afternoon spills out at Dean’s feet in a taffee-string of possibility, stretching without snapping. Cas is alive in his arms. He has his
Cas narrows his eyes. Dean smirks at him. Hey, if he could teach Sammy, known wet blanket, at age nine — he can teach anyone.
Sam laughs. “It’s not like you’re spending your hard-earned pennies, Dean.”
“Say it,” Cas insisted. He held Dean’s hips still with a hand pressed on top, fingers splayed. “Say it to me.”
“What will you do tomorrow, then?” Cas asks.
He slips out of the room and down the stairs as quietly as he can, avoiding the step he noticed creaking on his way up earlier. He sneaks past Sam, who’s slack-jawed and snoring faintly, long limbs flung out in an ungainly sprawl the same way he’s always slept since he was a child.
It takes four more shots and a beer for sipping before he starts to really get a buzz going, which is less than it used to take, but still more than it probably should have. How many times has Cas beat back the burgeoning cirrhosis in his liver when going in for a post-hunt heal? Dean doesn’t want to know.
“Do you want to be?” Dean counters, stumbling a step backward.
“Fucking ghosts,” he wheezed.
“I do,” Cas says.
Building the deck takes a few weeks. A few pleasant weeks, in fact, the weather managing to thread the needle of being warm in the day and cool at night, daylight slowly creeping longer every day. Dean cuts and sands wood, then nails the boards into place. He draws up plans on graphing paper and discards them. He draws up plans and follows them to the letter. He draws up plans and swears, loudly and inventively, when he realizes how bad he fucked the math up. He takes trip after trip to the damned hardware store, and ends up paying the kid at the register to follow Baby back to the house with the wood in his pickup, so Dean can stop torturing his car by making her carry huge cedar planks out of her trunk.
Dean doesn’t rise to the bait, he wasn’t born yesterday. It feels good to be back to more comfortable territory, anyway,
“Baby’s breath,” Cas tells him. “Gypsophila. I didn’t intend to grow it, nor the perennial sow thistle here.” His fingertips alight on the thin stems with a reverent touch. “I only meant to give my garden a jump start. It seems I overshot it.”
Yeah, that sounds about right.
The only ghosts here are the ones he brought with him. He knows this. They fill up too much space for other hauntings.
“Front yard’s pretty empty anyway,” he mutters. “Though I’d be careful with those hailstorms of yours if you got veggies going.”
“Yes,” Cas admits. His voice is as soft as any other contusion. “I don’t have much left.”
“Ah, fuck,” he panted when Cas rocked their hips together. Cas slid a hand down Dean’s body, palming his ass briefly before he smoothed it down his thigh, then hiked his leg up. Dean hooked it around Cas’s waist. “Quite fuckin’
They both pile into the car, bags in the backseat, a thermos of coffee between them that Cas over-brewed to the point of becoming sludge. Dean takes a long swig as he glances in the rear view mirror, then another, before passing it off to Cas. There’s the house behind them, sitting squat and proud — thin moonlight glints off the window panes, glassy like eyes. Dean gets a funny tickle in the back of his throat at the sight.
Cas is kneeling on the ground with his palms cupped around the head of a tulip that had not been there the day before. He’s wide-eyed and happier than Dean has seen him in a good long while.
Dean’s gut twists. “About that,” he says. Sam’s eyebrows raise.
“We’re not even hunting right now,” Dean protests. “How about
Sam looked back and forth between them, eyebrows raised. “Uh. So you’re gonna bring him home? He’s kind of injured, Cas...”
“We’ve made many mistakes,” Cas reminds him. “Some with long-lasting consequences.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean says. He crushes Cas close, smearing black on his shirt, on his jacket. He puts his hand to the nape of Cas’s neck, where the Empty’s muck is greasy in his hair. “You’re okay. It’s okay, I’ve got you, alright? Sam, the blankets —”
They try three more before they find one that makes Cas make a pleased sound in the back of his throat, eyes sinking closed as he relaxes into it. Dean props himself up on an elbow, looking down at him, at the way Cas’s lips part. He looks tired. This isn’t particularly surprising, considering dark circles under Cas’s eyes are one of the few constants Dean feels confident expecting in his life, but his chest aches all the same, wondering what he can do to make Cas rest better. Neither of them has ever had this much time stretched out in front of them to catch their bearings, before, and that has to help, doesn’t it? As much time as he can stomach and a nice bed to fall into at night?
Lilah sticks her tongue out at her.
Dean stared at him. Cas was smiling. It took a couple seconds for Dean to get the joke, but when it hit him, he tossed his head back and laughed until he couldn’t breathe — in front of Cas and Sam and God too, and the bird that perched on the windowsill, singing.
Then again, that’s true about a lot of things. Cas has shit taste. And it’s always been guesswork, anyway, taking shot after shot in the dark; the fact that Dean guesses right more often than he guesses wrong is beyond his own comprehension.
Dean stripped out of his nasty hunting clothes and tossed them into the dirty clothes pile, making a mental note to do more laundry soon before the lump of flannel started to actually loom.
Cas rubbed his cheek against Dean’s shoulder blade, a gentle rasp of stubble against skin. “There is no scripture against this,” he said at last. “I remade you as you are because how you are is perfect. You required no improvement. And no,” he added, interrupting Dean before he could do more than open his mouth to protest. “I am not saying that you are without fault. But I couldn’t build you a body without a self-sacrificial instinct, could I?”
“See you both at the bunker,” Sam called out through the half-open window before he took off, tail-lights blindingly bright as they streaked behind him.
Cas is just as easy to wind up as always. One corner of Dean’s mouth quirks up, wondering if this’ll get him shoved up against a wall. “You sure? Didn’t want to?”
"He doesn't need assistance?" Cas wets his lips with the tip of his tongue, which Dean is helpless to notice. "Care-taking two children is a full time job, and that's with human children."
Dean makes the derisive sound he’s been holding back all morning. “He wanted into your pants, Cas!”
“And you were worried I couldn’t see you trying,” Cas continues, too soft to bear. “Of course I see you trying. You’re succeeding. I want you to come now. Are you going to show me?”
Dean makes a face. “Sulfur? Really?”
Dean had thought they were meeting up with Cas later. Judging by the mutinous narrow-eyed look on Cas’s face, though, plans had been changed.
“Bring it,” he says. His smirk shows teeth.
Cas is curled up on his side, back turned to the door, notches of his spine visible through his sleep shirt. Who taught him to sleep in a t-shirt? Was it Dean? Did anybody ever take the time to explain to Cas that he’s allowed to be shirtless in his own bed?
Cas seemed to take this as an acceptable answer, and wrapped his arms around Dean tight. “Close your eyes and hold on,” he said, and Dean had a moment to squeeze his eyes shut and clutch Cas’s lapels before the world was splintering out from beneath them like a shattered window. They were in their bedroom in the bunker when Dean cautiously opened his eyes again, the floor reluctantly solid beneath his feet.
It’s Cas’s turn to drive, so Dean takes a second to stretch his legs properly while Cas gets settled in the car, pacing around to the trailer Sam parked crooked in the restaurant lot. He checks on their stuff, opening the back to make sure it’s all strapped down securely, just looking for one last thing to do before he’s trapped in a car with Cas for another three hours.
Dean’s hands are wet from doing dishes when he picks the phone up, a laugh still lingering in his mouth from a stupid joke Cas made.
“Are we in danger?” Cas asks. He doesn’t pull free from Dean’s hold, jogging to keep up with Dean’s long, pissed-off strides. “Dean, what’s happening?”
The handprints on his body look less angry these days, dulled from violent red to a dusty pink. From a distance, they look almost like two fistfuls of sunburn instead of scars.
“Who’s married?” Cas wants to know from the doorway. He’s endearing rumpled, shirt creased from Lilah’s cheek mashed into his shoulder, hair smushed to one side. “Lilah is asleep.”
“Uh, yeah. Bought a lake house, I wanna swim. Don’t you?”
The whole thing isn’t as trashed as he’d first thought, but he’s still just one man on the job, so the task is daunting even after all the rotted boards have been torn up and discarded. He’s just finished counting out and marking with light pencil marks where to saw the planks of wood when Cas returns from the gardening store, armed to the teeth with seeds and fertilizer and other shit Dean doesn’t know how to name.
Dean locks the garage door behind himself to at least make a gesture toward keeping the surprise a secret. Cas is standing in the kitchen picking the price sticker off a green glass cylinder about the size of his thumb.
Cas is thoroughly engrossed. His half-empty plate sits abandoned on the table in front of him, his elbows on his knees, huddled under a thick blanket with his eyes glued to the screen. This isn’t a film that Dean’s seen before, outside of snatches of scenes caught while channel flipping in a motel room, but he can’t concentrate on it like Cas is. His mind is still caught on the last gasps of grace flickering like the end of a candle inside his best friend.
“By which you mean... swim,” Cas clarifies dubiously.
he realizes, lightheaded.
Some of the power seeped out of Cas as he began to deflate, a hand coming up to cup Dean’s cheek. “No, I didn’t,” he agreed, gentler. “But it was that first touch that began to set me free.”
Cas’s hand curls around Dean’s elbow, sliding down until his thumb fits perfectly in the notch of Dean’s wrist. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
The brick wall was solid at Dean’s back, and he was grateful for it as he braced his hands on his knees. The cold night air was icy, but it felt good after sweating through that kind of fight, it cooled the sweat that was drying between his shoulder blades. He watched his panting breaths fog in front of his lips as Sam packed up the car again. Gun, salt, knife, holy water, spare ammo; there was something comforting about watching them all get put back into their rightful places.
But normal people living normal lives didn’t get angels for best friends, or for bedmates. And Dean knew his gun calluses had been worn down too deep into his hands to be forgotten.
maybe, or
He slumped over onto Dean when he was done, breathing hard. They lay like that for a couple minutes, all tangled up with each other, and Dean focused on the weight of Cas's body on top of his own. His head was a mess.
Cas is quiet for a long time, during which Dean has to exert conscious energy not to rip his hand back and put it on the wheel again.
“You are made in God’s image,” Cas said. His intensity might have freaked Dean out, under other circumstances. It might have made him skitter away. But there was nowhere to flinch, here, nowhere to look that was not at Cas. “You were remade by my hand, and I made you well. Do you not believe me?”
Dean’s heart kicked up a gear. Cas looked
“Yes,” Cas says.
Dean used to be the buffer between Cas and humanity. When did he step aside and let it all bleed together?
“Dean?” Cas asks.
“One more thing,” Dean says, and tugs Cas’s arm out from around his neck, manhandles him a little until Cas’s back is to his front. “Stick your legs out, float. I’ll hold you up.”
“You should have left me there,” Cas says flatly. “You do realize that, don’t you?”
“What the fuck,” he snapped. “Cas, I thought —”
“Betelgeuse. Bellatrix. Rigel.” Cas sweeps a hand above his head, gesturing. “I was responsible for a great portion of the constellation Orion.”
“Once more, I think,” Cas tells him, turning his back to the lake so he can lean against the banister too. He pats it a couple times, thumbing a knot in the wood. “This is well made, Dean. Will you stain it?”
“Mm.” Cas licks a sensitive spot beneath Dean’s ear that he’s not sure has ever been licked before. “I thought you’d enjoy making out against your car.”
There’s a jug in the fridge that Dean will pour for him, just as soon as he stops feeling like someone’s squeezing his stomach in a tight fist. “After. C’mere.”
There’s a click when Sam disconnects. Dean puts his phone down on his chest.
Cas smiles. “I like yellow.”
playing on a low volume in the background.
“There,” Cas says. “Holiness.”
“Forty-two across.” Cas jerked his chin at the paper, reading it upside down. “Nine letters for ‘worthy’.”
Cas has a blind spot at his left side. Dean’s noticed it over the years, learned to compensate when he and Cas are fighting together so the bad guys can’t take advantage. He uses it himself, now, striking Cas in the ribs right above his Enochian tattoo, knuckles digging into sensitive flesh. Cas gasps, side-stepping out of reach, and Dean follows — one, two steps, and then Cas is kicking again, because he knows Dean sucks at blocking them.
Dean stares at him. “You’re praying.”
“Fuck off,” Dean grunted, reaching up to retrieve three mugs. Three, because Cas had begun to get in the habit of stealing sips of Dean’s cup when he wasn’t looking, and that was exactly the kind of behavior that led to whatever the hell had happened the night before. (And three more times in the past week. And counting.)
I know every corner and shape of you, and I knew from when I first touched your soul that you were worthy. You bear my mark from where I gripped you, Dean. Where I chose you.”
“I would like to go back to shore now, I think,” Cas says.
“I said I couldn’t rest,” Cas corrects. He skips past a classical station as well. “If I cared to sleep, I would.”
Dean glances at Sam — his whole back is stiff, wondering what Sam is seeing, wondering what’s there for him to see.
“You like that, huh?” Dean asks, pointedly not looking at him as he pushes the cart of their stuff to the car. “You’re eating a lot more these days.”
This was the wrong thing to say. Cas slammed him back into the bricks and Dean gasped aloud, the pain he’d been battling off flaring up all at once. He grasped at Cas’s forearms, hanging on tight, stomach burning like he was getting clawed into all over again.
If Cas’s brain was racing half as fast as Dean’s, he didn’t show it. He was deeply concentrated on his task, tongue working Dean over while his hands stayed where they were bracketed on either side of Dean’s hips, his grip tight.
“You got any rings?” he asks. “Lookin’ for a plain band to replace the one I used to wear a while back.”
Jade’s smile widens. “That’s pretty funny.”
Dean covers his eyes with his forearm so that the store lights don't blind him. Does Cas know what it sounds like, when he says shit like
Relieved? Dean’s laugh is torn out of him, a deep, ragged thing. He turns and dumps the rest of his water in the sink. “Yeah, well. Think again.”
Jade makes a sympathetic noise that Dean is pretty sure is genuine. “How recent are we talking?”
ready to slide into the passenger seat when he asks, the everlasting light that guides him home.
Once they’re at the mattress store, Dean decides that he’s going to have a good time on purpose. All they gotta do is lie down on beds and compare their softness — this is one of those classic getting-a-new-place rituals that’s actually kind of fun, and Dean grins at Cas as he falls backwards onto a plush king-sized monstrosity that has controls at the head to make it prop itself up mechanically.
Cas stares at Sam. “They’re fine.”
Dean tastes bile on the back of his tongue. “Fine,” he says. “Fine, whatever.”
“Kinda figured you’d quit with this stuff, now you got your powers back,” Dean says, handing it back to Cas after he’s taken a drink.
“You don't have plans for the room next to the downstairs bathroom, do you?” Cas asks.
“I helped create some of these stars, you know,” he says.
Dean looks over his shoulder to meet Cas’s worried gaze. He’s slightly sunburnt across his cheekbones and over the bridge of his nose, dirt smudged at the hinge of his jaw. Dean licks the pad of his thumb and reaches out to clean it. Cas lets him, turning his face to the side to give Dean enough room.
Cas lays a hand on Dean’s arm. He’s saying something, probably Dean’s name, but he can’t hear anything over the sudden roar of his own blood in his ears. He brushes the hand off him, face twisting up, and finds himself striding for the stairs before he even realizes he’s told his legs to move, Zippy’s orange eyes tracking him all the way.
Cas holds his gaze. “You want to fight. So let’s fight.”
Cas’s trench coat is probably ruined. Dean’s throat feels tight as he goes to push it off Cas’s shoulders, easing it down — Cas woodenly removes his arms from the sleeves and unknots his tie, fingers clumsy as they start on the buttons of his shirt.
— they’re working their way through a ‘Top 100 Classic Movies’ list, since they’ve finally got the time to devote some attention to Cas’s TV education. Getting everything beamed into his head a la Metatron doesn’t count, Dean stands by that.
That’s fair enough. Dean shifts a little in his seat, wondering what exactly it was that Cas’s superiors had told him in the first place. He doubts they’d painted a particularly flattering picture, but that’s hardly news.
Dean knew Cas’s touch wouldn’t stick any more handprint scars on him, here aboveground. That didn’t mean he
“Of course,” Jamie answers. “I’ll circle back around.”
“So what’s going on?” he asks. “You done being weird and evasive?”
Yeah, okay. Get to the bottom of this. Message received.
Cas’s thumb curls around Dean’s wrist as he smiles, shakes his head, says nothing.
Cas sits back on his heels. The sun is just beginning to sink down toward the lake, casting warm orange light across the slice of Cas’s face Dean can see. “Would you like the mild answer, or the real one?”
out of place Cas looks. He’s acclimatized to Earth after a decade down here.
“I imagine there’s a lot you’d change, if we could go back and do it all over,” Cas says as he turns his face to press his cheek to the crown of Dean’s head.
“Down, please,” Lilah says politely, patting Cas’s arm. Cas, startled, eases her down onto her feet, where she wastes no time in running up to the werewolf on the floor.
“Maybe it would have been good if we ran away,” Sam says. He actually does touch Dean this time, clasping his shoulder. “But I like where we ended up.”
“I am doing this,” Cas says. He finally looks up and meets Dean’s eyes, cold steel behind china blue. “If I have to move it to the attic to make you comfortable, I will, but I would prefer not to.”
“We’ll be there,” Dean says. He looks up at the ceiling, at the light fixture he’s been meaning to replace. “Hang tight.”
Sam’s eyes go all soft the way they always do when Eileen comes up. “Good. Still pretty stoked to be alive again.”
“This is more than enough for me, you ass,” Cas adds. He’s exasperated and fond, gaze softening as the frustration bleeds out of him. “I meant what I said before the Empty took me, although I’m sure you’d rather not hear it again.”
He can hear Sam laughing a couple rooms over. It makes him smile as he swings his legs over the side of the bed and locates where he tossed his pants last night, which turns out to be across the back of a chair, his shirt abandoned on the floor nearby. He’s rubbing at bleary eyes when he stumbles into the kitchen, squinting at Sam and Cas, both of whom look very awake.
He’s no Sam, but he can use the internet fine, and instructions weren’t hard to locate — it’ll take him more than one afternoon, but c’mon, it’s a box. He can handle a box.
“Why haven’t you gone back to Heaven?” Dean blurts out. He keeps himself steady, so he knows it’s Cas’s hands faltering that make the current drawer they’re working on wobble. “I just woulda — I’d figure you’d want to.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean says. “That’s what I do.”
Dean looked down at him, at the dark hair that spilled out onto the pillow beneath his head. Cas’s eyes were very wide, unblinking because he had never properly mastered how frequently was natural for a human body. His lips were irrecoverably chapped. He was warm and alive beneath Dean’s body.
“Um,” Sam says. “Cas.”
Above them, Orion draws his bow taut for eternity. Dean’s own arm aches, thinking about it, a destiny predetermined by angels to put a weapon in hand, forever at the ready. The unseen touch of a goddess’s favor, committing him to the sky for all time. The bitter taste in Dean’s mouth has nothing to do with beer.
“Might not look like it,” Dean mutters. “But I’m really fucking trying, here, Cas.”
What if Cas doesn’t like it? Somehow, from the time Dean began this project to now, the thought never crossed his mind. He pats the lid, trying to see what it’ll take to make it wobble. The paint dried smooth and glossy.
Sam just kind of stared at him for a second. “Nothing,” he said after a beat, and sat down in the big chair next to the sofa. Dean waited until he heard the sounds of Sam’s laptop keys typing before he relaxed the rest of the way, lacing his fingers together over his stomach while he felt the faint trickle of grace up his leg that meant Cas had taken pity on him after all.
Cas slides the tip of his thumb inside Dean’s flannel sleeve. “I don’t dream often,” he admits. “But on the rare occasion I have a nightmare, it’s usually about you dying. You or Sam or Jack. But mostly you.”
Dean’s grin dimples. “Okay, Princess and the pea. Try another."
The angel is fuming right where Dean left him, eyes narrowed like he’s trying to beam his displeasure into Dean’s skull from a foot and a half away.
“Ten in the morning, sleepyhead,” Sam tells him, and takes pity, pouring a cup for Dean that he pushes into his hands. “You really sacked out last night, huh?”
“You asked me to hurt you,” Cas snapped, steely. He didn’t move. He just stayed with his hips flush with the backs of Dean’s thighs. “Because you think you don’t
“We got him back, yeah,” Dean says. Sam nods, watching him. “So now what?”
“More fabric is only gonna weigh you down, bud,” Dean tells him. “And you gotta float.”
“Look at you,” Cas said. His eyes became awed, wondering, as he slid a thigh between Dean’s. Dean arched into it, only a little ashamed of how fast he responded, and very grateful that the street was abandoned at this time of night. Civilians didn’t need to walk in on him getting freaky with an angel in barely-concealed public.
Dean stills with his hand mid-scrub across Cas’s bicep and swallows hard. “Don’t mention it.”
Dean’s nighttime routine stays about as shit as it’s always been. The sound of wind whistling through the crack between the window and the frame keeps reminding him of Cas’s lightning storm, and the old-house groaning that he knows is normal makes him want to reach for the shotgun under the bed anyway. It’d be just his luck to buy a haunted house by mistake.
“Sit down, please, I would like to perform oral sex,” Cas said, voice low and sweet like honey over gravel.
“The hell did you do!” Dean hollers over the high-pitched radio static whine of an angel’s true voice. “Jack!”
When he gets back to his car, Cas is completely absorbed in perusing the road atlas. He has it braced up on the steering wheel, a crease of concentration between his brows, the same look Dean has seen him wear as he pours over every old-ass tome they’ve had to consult over the years. It’s kinda cute.
seriously. What the fuck is he even up to?
Dean is halfway up the stairs again before he realizes he’s started to move. He ghosts across the landing and hesitates in front of Cas’s half-open door, hand coming up to clasp the doorframe and squeeze it for stability.
he thinks, making a fist around a handful of Cas’s shirt.
Dean doesn’t remember falling asleep on the couch. The movie’s been over for a while when he blinks awake, TV screen cycling through the DVD menu’s stills and settling a faint light across the whole living room in pale shades.
Dean opens his eyes to find Cas crouched by the side of the bed, two fingertips stroking across Dean’s forehead until the whole broad flat of his palm cups the side of his face for just a moment. He takes his hand back as soon as Dean glances up to meet his eyes.
Cas’s gaze flicks down to meet Dean’s eyes. “I’m talking about the lake house.”
Cas is, as it turns out.
“Just what I needed,” Dean interrupted him firmly. “So shut up.”
“Shut the fuck up.” Dean balls up a napkin and lobs it at Sam’s head.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Can you keep an open mind for, like, two seconds?”
he thought, even as he shivered when Cas’s tongue stroked into his mouth.
“Yes, I am,” Cas says. “Stand up.”
That satisfaction ebbs as soon as he takes a step back and surveys his work as a whole. It’s not — bad, exactly — but it’s clumsy, made by an inexperienced carpenter. He hopes it won’t fall over once it’s outside. It stands up alright in the garage.
When he stands, Dean can see the complete anatomy of the box he’s made, sturdy and neat with a clean blue sheen. There’s paint on his jeans, on his arms. Robin’s egg blue in splatters. There was a time the only stains he had to deal with were from gun oil or blood.
“Cas, can you take Lilah to the kitchen? Make a couple sandwiches?” Sam asks. A silent communication occurs between them, Sam’s sleep-deprived desperation going to war with Cas’s narrowed eyes.
“Whatever.” Dean’s ears go hot. “What’s that mean, anyway, that Heaven’s inaccessible?”
Cas rubbed his thumb over the curled knuckle of Dean’s trigger finger. “Be not afraid,” he said in an exaggerated whisper.
Dean shifted so his back was pressed more firmly to Cas’s front. “Yeah. I never wear sunscreen, you should see me in the summer.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” The corner of Cas’s mouth curls. “Were you expecting actual healing? Where are you hurt?”
— And two enormous wings shudder into existence behind him, rippling like a mirage. Dean flinches back, squinting into the display as Cas flexes them once, twice, beating them hard enough to shake up a wind that bows his flowers. Jack lets go of his hand.
The first is that Cas is dead asleep on top of him. They’ve transitioned at some point to actually lying down, Dean with his head on the arm of the couch, Cas on top of him in a sprawl. One of his legs is wedged between the back of the sofa and Dean’s body, trying to shove him off, while the other is wrapped tight around his hip, keeping him from toppling over. It leaves Dean hanging half off the cushion, body angled precariously toward Cas as he holds on for dear life. One of Cas’s hands is shoved up the back of Dean’s shirt. It is so exquisitely good that it's almost unbearable.
“Hard enough,” he answers, and orders a double shot of whiskey that he downs quickly so he can request a refill while he’s still got her attention. Not that there’s much competition for it. There are all of three other patrons at the moment, all of them just about as pathetic as Dean feels — a balding man being swallowed up by an ill-fitting brown suit nursing a beer, an exhausted server on her break, an old drunk nearly passed out in a booth.
Cas makes a considering noise, thumb tucking itself under the hem of Dean’s shirt. “I’d have rebelled sooner, I suppose. Defected early. Saved you from ever going to Hell.”
“Come home,” Cas begs, voice breaking. “Whatever it is you took, you can give it back. I’ll help you. You don’t have to keep it.”
Dean puts his own hand on top of Cas’s, pressing it into his leg. Cas is the only one in the world who always sees him when he looks.
They’re neither of them young men, and Dean’s back will hurt if they keep this up. Dean slips his hand into Cas’s back pocket to keep their bodies shoved up together while he pushes off the car, refusing to separate for the two minutes it would take to part and jog upstairs to the bedrooms. They end up stumbling into the house with their noses knocking together instead, Cas’s back thumping into the wall beside the stairs as they ascend them, and they get caught there for a long, lush moment while they have a new surface to kiss against. Cas can’t seem to stop petting up and down Dean’s spine, his t-shirt pushed up almost to his armpits from the petting.
By the time he stumbles back inside the house, it’s half-past seven and he’s way too drunk for the sun to still be out. He’s gonna be nursing the hangover of the century in the morning if he doesn’t drink water now, so he heads to the kitchen and prays Cas is elsewhere.
banter, not whatever-the-hell beast had leapt out between them the night before. “You got no taste,” he tells Cas without any animosity whatsoever, and starts the car engine as soon as Cas shuts the passenger door.
“Coming?” Sam asks.
Jesus Christ. “Since when are there werewolves up the Pacific Northwest?”
“Terribly,” Cas insists, which is true.
“Apologies,” Cas murmurs.
“About last night,” Dean starts.
Cas’s eyes snap up to him, concerned, and Dean squeezes his shoulder a little tighter.
“It’s my grace,” Cas agrees with conviction. “And I can use it as I please. I knew from the instant I rebelled that I was giving up my connection to the Host, Dean, the fact that my power has lingered this long at all is a blessing. I’ve been living on borrowed time for over a decade.”
“I like you better,” Dean breathes. “As my Cas. For the record.”
Dean would know Cas’s scream anywhere.
Sam nods, tight-lipped, and opens the spellbook to begin the incantation. Cas’s legs give out and he pitches forward, falling the rest of the way into Dean’s lap in a mockery of a pieta — Dean catches him up into his arms and rocks a little, back and forth. The dazed panic of the past few weeks is beginning to melt into familiar
“I tried,” Cas answers shortly. “Heaven is inaccessible to me. Pass the phillips head, please.”
The last of Dean’s remaining brain cells sputter and fry. He used to think he’d have the upper hand, on the rare occasions he imagined him and Cas ever getting this far. He used to think about gently showing him the ropes. That is not what’s happening. Cas’s fingers are right — right there, and Dean isn’t sure what he’s consenting to, if Cas is planning on screwing him or taking him over, or. Or what.
“A little,” Cas admitted, and bent his head.
“The eternal burning light,” Cas sighs. “In Jewish theology. Most synagogues have a light always lit near the ark carrying the Torah, it harkens back to the old Temple in Jerusalem.”
Dean has just enough time to hear Cas’s offended inhalation before he shuts his car door and cringes internally. He’s careful not to make eye contact with Jam Guy on the way back to the jewelry stall, and pays for his ring with a terrible mood churning in his gut.
They pack in a hurry. Dean doesn’t know how long they’re staying at the bunker, so he packs for a week, stuffing shirts and jeans and underwear in a duffel bag — the fact that he doesn’t have a go-bag ready to grab makes his stomach lurch as he retrieves his toothbrush, confronted all at once by the ways he’s softened. What would his father say, if he’d seen Dean this caught off-guard?
Feeling like something that won’t hold up under scrutiny, Dean folds his arms behind his head and puts on his cockiest smirk. “See something you like?” he drawls. “Take a picture, it’ll last longer.”
Cas’s other eyebrow joins the first as he swings both legs over the side of the chair and follows Dean to the garage, where Dean gestures unceremoniously to the bee box waiting center stage.
myself, what the hell?”
Cas tended to soften a little, at home. The fact that he hadn’t yet was just as frightening as it was promising.
he thinks, glancing up heavenward.
When his dad was still alive, home had died when Mary did and burned to ashes with her. On the road with Sam after their father's death, home had been wherever Dean put his head down next to his brother. How would John Winchester have reacted to the bunker? Would he have liked it? Would it have unnerved him? Dean doesn’t need to wonder how he’d feel about Sam’s monster sanctuary; the answer rises unbidden like bile in the back of his throat.
“Dean,” Cas said softly, cradling his face between his hands. “Don't you realize? You are always, always forgiven.”
“Well? Are you coming?”
Cas makes a noncommittal noise and flips past a station of staticky mariachi music. “I don’t. Why do you mention it?”
“You said you couldn’t sleep,” Dean says. “Before you — y’know.”
Cas pants in Dean’s ear like he’s the one getting fucked. His cock rubs against Dean’s belly as he moves, their dicks nudging together, which gives Dean a fantastic idea that has him reaching for the lube again where Cas discarded it. He takes both their dicks in hand as soon as he gets his palm wet, stroking them together while Cas’s wrist flexes so he can get the right angle to make Dean go cross-eyed.
“I mean.” Sam rakes his hair back out of his eyes. “Historically? You do.”
Dean grins. “Uh huh. Peer pressured into buying seeds, this is a new low.”
“This may have doomed me to failure,” Cas adds. “I'm in danger of becoming the diagram of the defeated cartoon man with no hair, fruitlessly calling the IKEA helpline in the next panel.”
It was easy to let himself get herded back toward the bedroom, Cas doing all the work of steering the way, just nudging Dean until he was standing in front of the bed and the door was firmly shut and locked behind them.
Or maybe he’s expecting Sam to start sucking at it, at this guardianship thing, instead of the awkward and sincere way his brother goes through the motions of taking care of the girls. Dean knows Sam’s a grownup — he’s a thirty-seven year old man, for chrissakes — but there’s a low murmur in the back of Dean’s head telling him Sam ought to be the kid sitting on the counter waiting for dinner to be made instead of the adult at the stove.
“Is this what you want?” he asked, pad of thumb stroking through the neat thatch of hair between Dean’s legs and pressing down gently on Dean’s clit. “Do you want me to leave you in agony while I make love to you?”
Cas’s shoulders relax just a fraction. Dean turns up the volume.
Dean did. Cas reached over to take his tie from the back of the chair, then he looped it around Dean’s wrists, knotting them together securely. So it was that kind of night — usually Dean would be making crass jokes about it by now, egging him on, but Cas looked so damn serious that he didn’t say a word.
Dean watched Cas. Cas seemed to be waiting for the car to be out of sight before he did anything, and Dean was starting to get actually freaked out again, like maybe Cas was going to tell him that Sam was doing bad demon shit again, or —
The gathering clouds on Cas’s face clear as he begins to detail his garden plans out loud to Dean, green beans and tomatoes and carrots in little rows. He sketches out the shape of the planter beds with his hands, describes the sprinkler system, the native flowers to attract bees and other pollinators. His face lights up as he speaks. Dean doesn’t know why he was surprised Cas would want this.
“Thank you, Jamie,” Cas says with sincerity. “That is very good to know.”
Dean can’t find a comfortable position in bed. It isn’t just the fact that the weather’s getting warmer and the bunker has terrible ventilation, but that really doesn’t help, leaving him sweaty and tangled in a top sheet with a frustrated arm slung across his eyes. What’s Cas up to? He’s an angel, he doesn’t sleep, although Dean took long enough puttering around the kitchen aimlessly after dinner for Cas to decide it was time to take himself to bed.
He took an involuntary step back when Cas walked forward, but then his back was to the wall again, and he had nowhere else to go when Cas stepped right up into his space.
Dean slept well for the first time in weeks. If he dreamed of anything, he couldn’t remember, but the dark circles under his eyes were lighter than usual. He splashed water on his face, crisp and clean, and brushed his teeth while he looked himself over. Cas had done a good job with his faith healer act yesterday. Dean didn’t even have a hint of a headache today.
“Yeah,” Dean answered, rough. “It’s sex, Cas. It’s gonna feel good, that’s what it’s for.”
“Perhaps it’s indigestion,” Cas suggests.
“Shit,” he said, and stumbled back a step. Cas caught his wrist before he tumbled, and Dean was dizzy enough that he didn’t fight it, just let himself get steered back toward the bed. “What about Sam?”
“Something catch your eye?” the vendor asks. Dean glances up and returns her smile despite himself.
When the sun starts to set, all the people Dean loves will pile into the Impala so he can drive them back to the house. They’ll pick up dinner on the way, and when they arrive they’ll eat it at a table Dean chose, in a room he fixed up himself. The collective glow of all the weird statement lamps Cas picked out will bathe the room in shades of gold not unlike the bobbing heads of the sunflowers just outside the window.
“How is Sam?” Cas asks. He’s got a diagram held right up close to his face, squinting at the wordless instructions. “Is the hunt proceeding normally?”
“How many times are you gonna try that before you give up?” Dean asks, eyebrows raised.
his own hypocrisy as bitter as ash on his tongue.
“Bed?” he suggests, voice worn threadbare. “Got. Got a perfectly nice bed inside.”
“It makes a certain amount of sense,” Cas muses. “Orion was a hunter, after all.”
“Ow,” Dean said, mostly on principle.
Sam shoots him a
“I will always pull you to shore,” Cas promises. “Would you like to wake up now?”
“Good morning,” Cas repeated. “Are those bagels?”
“You’re good,” Dean mutters back. He presses his face into Cas’s hair, eyes screwed up, wondering if this moment would make the Empty take him, if he’d made Cas’s deal.
“Trust your brother,” he reminds himself sharply. “It won’t kill you to trust your fucking brother.”
“Give me your hands,” Cas said.
Dean paws at Cas’s hips, trying to get him to straddle him properly. Cas humors him after a moment and settles atop Dean’s thighs, where it’s impossible not to notice how hard he still is, the tip of his dick dark red and straining up toward his belly.
it like this, floorboards to banister with his own goddamn elbow grease. He couldn’t get lost if he tried.
“No,” Dean agrees firmly. “But you know all that already, why’m I telling you?”
Dean snorts. “Uh huh.”
Oh. Dean’s throat constricts, and for a second, he can’t say anything at all. Cas has a red mark on his cheek from where it was resting in his hand as he read. He brought a whole backpack of his things to the bunker, and he still somehow ended up wearing Dean’s sweatshirt.
He successfully distracted himself with picking up fish crackers and granola bars, trying to remember which hyper-specific and way-too-expensive brand Sam wanted. He could sense Cas coming up behind him this time, maybe because he was already on edge, but he also thought Cas’s footsteps were a little louder than they had been. Trying not to startle him.
Dean crosses his arms over his chest. “Uh huh.”
“Whatever,” he mutters. “We’ll get you your expensive-ass bed that you won’t even sleep in.”
Every time Dean looks at him, Cas has picked up more steam. The grass is all gone by the end of the first week, dirt and fresh compost laid out and doing whatever the hell freshly churned dirt needs to do by the end of the second. Cas teaches him how to test the soil with a nitrogen kit from the flower nursery, then shows off by licking a finger he stuck in the ground and getting more accurate results.
“Not that kind of sulfur.” Cas’s eyes are smiling, even if the rest of his face is neutral. “Although, who knows. Perhaps demons are well-equipped to make gardens more acidic.”
The bottom of Dean’s stomach falls out. “Hey!” he calls out, and marches over to Cas with his heart in his throat.
Dean snorts quietly and thumbs over that knot of wood again, wondering how long the house has been sitting here decomposing.
It used to be so much easier to be a hunter. It used to be so much easier to want to hunt.
He snorts. “Name’s Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas says very slowly, as if explaining to a child that gravity makes things fall. “I told you I love you.”
Fair enough. Dean doesn’t press him. What’s the use? Nothing Cas would say is anything Dean wants to hear, and the last thing he needs is to pick a fight again. For once, he doesn’t feel righteous enough in his position to force the issue, and Cas’s jaw is very set. Dean eyes the hunch of his shoulders and wishes he knew how to touch just between Cas’s shoulder blades with the same ease Sam had, when he was here.
“Let’s see what we can find in the kitchen, hm?” Cas gives Dean a pointed look over Lilah’s head as he walks toward the kitchen, glancing at Sam, and then at Dean again with more emphasis.
There’s no logical reason why that ought to kick the legs out from under Dean, but it does anyway.
“Hungry,” Lilah repeats softly. She plucks at the shoulder seam of Cas’s t-shirt.
Dean had dragged Sam out of college to hunt down Yellow Eyes, all those years ago. He isn’t honestly all that surprised to hear there’s some of that color inside him after all, although he’s positive that isn’t what Cas meant when he said he could see Dean down to the soul, piercing through scars and shame to supposedly strike gold.
Dean waved him off before the angel could say the kind of devastating things that usually came after his gratitude. Cas saying ‘thank you’ invoked Dean’s fight or flight response for a reason, after all.
“I miss him too,” Dean forces out, choking on the words. “You gotta know that, right?”
Dean shakes his head. “He ever answer?”
Cas’s hands flexed against Dean’s hips. They squeezed, released, and did not let go. By some miracle, he stopped talking.
“If you wanna talk about it,” Dean starts to offer, then stalls out. It hasn’t escaped his notice that this is the first time Cas has willingly brought up Jack since he burst out of the Empty.
marks are different.” Cas sucked another just beneath it, setting teeth against skin. Dean had to bite his tongue to keep from crying out. “Mine come from love.” Another, just beneath Dean’s ear.
Kinda late for asking permission, then, but it's his house too. Dean spreads his arms magnanimously. “Knock yourself out.”
It’s easier to concentrate now that the buzz of desperate arousal has mellowed, going thick and slow as honey-dark molasses. Dean strokes Cas’s cock with one hand, the other sliding up Cas’s forearm so he can cup around the handprint scar that’s wrapped silky-smooth around his elbow. It feels good to hold him there. Their bodies fit right.
“Wow, this is a
He didn’t even say anything when Cas ate it in the car, hiding his smile with an exaggerated blind spot check as they pulled out of the parking space and headed back. An angel in his passenger seat, plastic spoon in hand, would have been a funnier image if it wasn’t just Cas; Dean looked at him in the rearview mirror and watched a self-satisfied expression bloom across his face. Dean’s tongue felt too-thick in his mouth.
Maybe Cas can read to Lilah and Jack at the same time.
“Think we passed a gardening store on our way to IKEA,” Dean says at last, reaching for the next floorboard. Christ, his knees hurt. He’s getting too old for this crap. “I don’t know shit about any of that, though, you’re on your own.”
Dean whined around them. Cas’s body always tasted a little electric, a little metallic — sometimes a bloody tang lingered on Dean’s tongue for hours after they were through, and he’d accidentally shock Sam with static when he clapped him on the shoulder. It really brought it home that Cas wasn’t human, under it all. The mind-reading and grave candor aside, he sure looked like a normal dude until you were making out with him and could taste his divinity, alien on your tongue.
Dean looks at Sam, then at Cas, and consciously shoves everything he’s thinking aside. “How soon can we sign?” he asks, flashing Janet his most winning smile.
Stung, Dean’s shoulders stiffen up. “I’m not
“Eleven fifteen,” Cas told him. “Put these on.”
Guess that point got lost in the shuffle. Dean kisses the underside of Cas’s sharp jaw. “Mm. If you want it. I’ll fix you up a new ID.”
Finished with the flooring, Dean moves on to the porch. The weather is perfect for this kind of work, sunny without being too hot, cool in the shade. The guy at the hardware store checkout line knows him by now, and has stopped asking if he needs help every time he walks in, which would be more flattering if Dean actually did know what he’s doing.
“Shit,” he mutters.
“I do not,” Cas says. He screws the next piece in slightly harder than the one that came before it.
“You didn’t say you were gonna use it to make a Jack shrine.” Dean steps far enough into the room to pick up the snow globe, weighing it in a palm. Cas strides over to snatch it back from him before Dean can leave more than a couple fingerprints on the glass — he sets it back down on the bedside table with reverence, then turns it a couple degrees so the text spelling out
“Rough night?” Sam asked, frowning at the page in his lap. “Heard some yelling.”
“I’m thirty-six years old,” Sam reminds him. “I’m not asking permission. I’m being a good brother and telling you so you don’t flip out and haul ass back to Kansas.”
He marches himself outside before he freaks out for the second time this morning and parks his ass on the edge of a raised planter bed. Cas is cross-legged and deep in thought in the dirt next to him, a book propped open on his knee. Dean cranes his neck to see a little better — half the text is Hebrew, the rest in English.
He’ll get the full story out of him later. Dean takes his time putting his tools away, after wiping down Baby’s dusty hood with a fresh rag, and decides to take her out for a real spin as soon as he can think of a reasonable excuse. Can’t let his best girl think he’s gone and forgotten her in the shuffle.
“What?” Dean demands, crestfallen. “No! We can — this is fine.”
“Good things do happen,” Dean says. His face is overwarm. He closes Cas’s mouth for him by nudging a curled knuckle under his chin, adding, “you’ll catch flies. C’mon, I’ll take you back now.”
Dean thinks, teeth gritting together painfully when his jaw clenches.
, man?”
There are a lot of things Dean wants to say in response to that.
“Their blooms resemble your soul,” Cas says matter-of-factly. “Bright gold around a subtle, obscured center.”
Lawrence to highway 80 to Lebanon to Fort Collins. Dean’s been making that kind of move his whole life. “Guess so.”
“Some people consider them angel kisses,” Cas murmured. His lips brushed against Dean as he spoke, the rumble of his voice a physical thing that Dean could feel against his back.
It’s just starting to occur to Dean that he might be very embarrassed over his behavior at a later moment, but the roar of panic at seeing that man’s hands enveloping Cas’s still hasn’t quieted down any. “I don’t like how he was looking at you,” he snaps. “You gotta be more careful!”
He’d never doubted that Cas cared for him in some way or another, but it was a lot different to know it abstractly than to be confronted by proof.
“What do you think?” Cas says, rubbing delicate fingertips across the title card that shows the diagram of one of the bookshelves. “It’s your house.”
Clearing the grass by hand takes a lot more effort than sheet mulching, but it’ll go faster in the long run. Cas doesn’t want to wait months for the lawn to die to start putting seeds in the earth, not with spring (and by extension, planting season) coming to a close in the near future. He doesn’t seem bothered by the rote mechanical work, anyway, as far as Dean can tell. Sometimes he even whistles to himself, soft, high little bird-warbles that make goosebumps break out down the backs of Dean’s arms when he hears them.
He tactfully doesn’t mention all the demons he tried and failed to cut a deal with in the weeks between Cas’s death and his resurrection; all the spells that went nowhere and the phone calls that ended with Dean getting laughed at or hung up on; Sam’s pity settling in a mortified film over Dean’s whole body; the ugly thought that stayed snagged in the back of his mind, telling him exactly what stupid things he might have done if he and Sam hadn’t found the ritual that opened a trapdoor into the Empty.
“I don’t want to die at five in the morning,” Cas replies sharply. “Eyes on the road, please.”
Cas squints at him. “Our safe house, you mean.”
Cas tips his head back, face still shadowed by his hat brim. “Yes?”
Jack offers him a tired, radiant smile. “I don’t know. Nobody knows except the reapers. Isn’t that wonderful?”
“Imagine if another hunter found her,” Sam adds, softer. “Imagine all the kids other hunters
Cas shakes his head. “Not in the least,” he promises softly.
That sounds pretty sensible to Dean’s grace-addled brain. He passes right the hell out.
“What do you think?” Cas says, rubbing delicate fingertips across the title card that shows the diagram of one of the bookshelves. “It’s your house.”
Dean grunts an affirmative and tries to kick his legs a little wider apart to accommodate the second finger that slides in along the first. They’re huge inside him, splitting him in two with each caress that spears them deeper, making a home in him.
Three days after they come home, the parts Dean ordered arrive. Cas is out, so Dean’s the one who signs for the packages, hefting them onto his hip in a stack to carry them all out to the garage.
“Like you couldn’t possibly imagine.” Cas flops off of Dean and onto his back in the dirt, tipping his head to the side so he can find Jack. “Thank you,” he says, rapturous. “Truly.”
Dean lets it be for the amount of time it takes him to lay down three more boards and for Cas to finish assembling another hex bag and a half. Then, because he’s a masochist or something, he nudges Cas’s knee with the wood handle of his hammer. “You pray to Jack a lot?”
Cas snaps out of his daze, but only just. He puts a knee down on the bed, then lays his palm flat to Dean’s belly, holding him there. Even with all this new skin to see, Dean can’t quite bring himself to look away from Cas’s face.
“I’ve wanted you for over a decade,” Cas grouses. “Yes, I’m thinking of next time.”
“Thank you,” Cas adds softly. “For the rescue. I know I don’t say it enough, how grateful I am.”
Cas’s chair creaks as he stands, so Dean’s braced for the arms that appear around his waist and the five foot eleven of angel that plasters himself against his back.
“Cas, why’d you make my new body with scars?” Dean blurted out. “After — y’know.”
Zippy bares her teeth with a growl beginning to rumble in her chest.
something.
Jade stops reorganizing the liquor bottles under the bartop so she can fix Dean with an assessing gaze. “Can’t say I have.”
“Leaning more toward idolatry, obviously,” Cas muses. “And I’ve coveted what was made to be Michael’s, which I have to imagine is a sin.” He keeps walking forward. Dean’s ass nudges against Baby’s hood, and then Cas is right there, putting his hand’s heel to the center of Dean’s chest. “But I believe the act of choice is holy. I chose you. I keep choosing you, and that’s divine.”
“Two months and change,” Dean rasps. Christ. Has it really only been nine weeks since Jack’s ascension to Godhood?
Cas slid an arm around his waist, dragging him close. His nose nudged at the nape of Dean’s neck. “Do you know you have freckles here?” Cas asked.
Cas is already unlocking the front door, calling out, “Sam?”
The upstairs is in a lot better shape than downstairs. That’s kind of promising, actually, although the stair banister could use some serious work, listing a little to the side. Definitely sanding and refinishing, he decides, patting the wood with an absent hand as he lets Cas lead him to the end of the hall.
Cas pulled off briefly, presumably for air, and took the opportunity to kiss the inside of Dean’s thigh, scraping teeth over sensitive skin. “Seeing you like this...” he murmured to the crook of Dean’s hip. “You have no idea what you look like.”
Cas sighs as he rolls onto his back, and all of the air leaves Dean’s lungs in a shuddery rush. Cas has a forearm flopped above his head, lips half parted, blankets in a tangle all around him. Then his eyes open. Even in the darkness, they’re bright and blue.
“Oh yeah? Open this — whoa, hey.” Dean freezes mid-rude-gesture, eyes locked on the tiny girl in the doorway. “You didn’t say you had company.”
“Cool, then.” Dean shoves his hands in his jeans pockets, nodding, like that can shake off the fear that lingers in the space between them. “They seem, uh. Feisty. Could use some help.”
,” Cas told him, with conviction, and bent back to his previous efforts with renewed fervor. He moaned into it, like he was really getting off on sucking Dean off, and Dean came again with a cry, eyes leaking. That seemed to be Cas’s cue to stop.
Meanwhile, Cas is methodically dredging his vegetable empire up out of the dust.
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Cas snaps as he turns back to the shelves. Dean bites his tongue and looks around again, nauseated.
Cas met his eyes, icy blue gone steel grey in the dim light, and then he was pushing forward to kiss him hard, lips demanding. That may very well have been what Dean had been pleading for, because he melted into it almost immediately. Cas licked into his mouth and Dean let him, even when the kisses turned rough and biting, even when Cas made a fist around a handful of his hair and yanked it hard enough to make his eyes water.
Cas takes his time answering. He's looking out the window, and Dean can’t see his reflection this time, not this early in the day, so he has no idea what Cas’s face is doing. “I favor a religion that encourages asking questions,” he says very softly, and Dean decides to quit while he’s ahead.
“Mind if I close my eyes a minute?” Dean asks. “Weird dreams last night.”
— but Cas gets the better of him, squirming to flip Dean onto his back instead. There are hands on Dean’s wrists before he can even think how he’d evade the grab, yanking them up above Dean’s head so he's restrained.
“So I found an IKEA not too far away,” he announces when he steps back into the kitchen, picking up his coffee cup to take a large gulp now that it’s cooled some. “Let’s get the shit for your bedroom and a quick grocery run in today, then we can make a real plan for fixing up the downstairs.”
This next bedroom is slightly bigger than the first, with a huge closet that might actually fit most of Dean’s hunting gear if he’s a little clever about it and organizes everything by what he actually needs on-hand. He idly considers what it’d be like to rent a storage unit between the lake house and the bunker for the rest of his stuff before he’s viscerally reminded of his dad and has to count backward from ten in his mind.
Dean recaps the bottle instead of touching Cas’s face again. “How much juice you got left?”
Cas comes limping inside right about the time Dean starts to wonder if he should be worrying about where he went.
“What’s that for?” Dean asks while he’s reaching up toward the mezuzah, following Cas’s direction. The cool glass is good to touch, even if Dean feels a little silly bringing his hand back to his mouth.
“Gonna give a guy a hand?” Dean asked, plucking at his t-shirt. Blood stuck the fabric to his skin.
“Seems like he knows what he’s doing. I’m trying not to breathe down his neck.” The stew is starting to smell really good, warm and earthy, just the way a kitchen’s inaugural meal ought to smell. “That desk kicking your ass?”
Dean chews the inside of his cheek for a moment. “Swear to me right now whatever you’re doing won’t come back to bite us on the ass.”
trust Cas, even when it seems like it’s in his best interest.
“Don’t condescend.” Cas’s lips are pressed together in a thin line, visible goosebumps creeping up his arms.
“Stay still,” Cas murmurs. “I want to admire you.”
Of course Sam ruins the moment by opening his big mouth and asking, “You sleeping in Cas’s room?”
“Dunno what else there is to say,” he says, scritching a hand over the back of his neck. “You know I never went for the whole God thing, and that was before I met him.”
Cas, with one arm draped over his bent knee, looks at both of them with faint amusement.
“You don’t gotta be grateful,” Dean says. “You don’t gotta say thanks. You don’t gotta do anything.”
“There’s another here,” Cas says, twisting his torso around to face Dean with a quiet splash and a ripple, and tips his head to the side. There’s another hand print right where his neck meets his shoulder, the shape of the fingers splayed wide. It shines wetly under the bathroom fluorescents, and Dean
“Can you at least gimme an idea of what’s goin’ on?” he asks at last. He listens to Sam release a held breath and feels like a piece of shit for holding him in suspense. “Throw me a bone, here, Sammy.”
“Dude.” Dean can hear Cas and Lilah in the next room over, a low rumble of the angel’s voice followed by unmistakable hiccups of kid-laughter. “I feel for the kids, but c’mon. What’re you running here? Monster rehab?”
“Give it back, then, it’s wasted on you,” Dean says, sticking his hand back out. Cas takes another sip first, holding eye contact out of spite, and Dean wonders how many stubborn human gestures Cas has picked up from him and how many are an inevitable extension of his own intrinsic weirdness.
Okay, so talking didn’t work. That’s fine. Dean’s never been good at talking, anyway, even though Cas deserves some kind of response after all of — after all of that. But what would Dean even say? Thanks for loving me, please don’t die about it anymore?
Dean rubs up and down Cas’s back, right between his shoulder blades. The Empty doesn’t come.
Dean swallows against a bad taste in his mouth and offers Cas the next piece of the desk drawer. “Yeah, that’s right,” he says, weirdly panicky at the thought.
How the wings all connect, he has no idea. There’s a whole mess of them at odd angles, huge and imposing, but Dean is no longer afraid. His gaze has locked on the figure at the center of the mass, writhing blue fire blooming around three animal heads — a lion, a falcon, and a ram all take turns staring down at him, suspended over several interlocking rings of golden eyes that spin as he watches.
Cas nods again and ducks away before Dean has the chance to ask what he wants it for, when Cas already has a bedroom of his own.
Dean spins on his heel and suddenly he’s by the edge of the lake, standing at the end of the dock. Cas is in front of him, whole and alive, dressed in the tie and trench coat that the Empty ruined.
“C’mere,” Dean says. He holds out a hand, waiting for Cas to take it, then tows him out far enough that the waterline nudges up against their chins.
“There,” Cas says. “Baruch atah Adonai, Eloheinu melech ha’olam, asher kidshanu b’mitzvotav v’tzivanu likboah mezuzah.”
“Maybe, yeah.” Sam’s mouth has an unhappy tilt to it as well.
- I personally have issues with jealousy in fiction, so if this is something that you're sensitive toward, fair warning that there's a small jealous temper tantrum thrown in this chapter - nothing is particularly intense, but I always like to warn just in case, since it isn't usually something present in my works.
Cas has stirred by now, raising his head in bleary concern. His hair is in abject disarray.
The ball of his foot smacks Dean’s hip before he can turn, glancing off in a way that makes Dean nearly double over. He dodges the next kick only barely, twisting mid-stride so he can land a couple sharp jabs to Cas’s chest before backing off with a tight breath. This is the most alive he’s felt in weeks, which might be the point of this exercise, even with a foggy head straining to cut through the cloud of alcohol.
“Ugh,” Dean said. His nose wrinkled. “Just say sex.”
“Yep. Can I get another?” Dean asks, sliding her his glass. Complicated doesn’t even start to cover it.
“I don’t understand you,” he said, hands at Dean’s waist as he entered him with one long, slow roll of his hips. “You.
loud enough it shreds his soft palate on the way out.
“It’s just a nickname,” Dean said. The jittery rush of adrenaline under his skin always surged harder when Cas spoke to him like that, words steeped in earnest care and enough devotion to blind him. “You like it that much?”
Either Cas was humoring him extra hard today, or he actually wanted to watch
Electricity crackled audibly in the air. Dean’s shoulders tensed. He could still remember what it felt like to have windows explode around him when Cas spoke to him, enveloped by static, certain that the world was about to collapse around him.
“Nah, I’m good,” he manages, because he’s pretty sure he’s asked for a lot already in recent days, and Cas won’t want to pick him up a six pack after the fiasco the night before, anyway.
He doesn’t know which would be weirder for Cas to be reciting.
“What an interesting name, Castiel,” Jam Guy says. Dean’s close enough to hear, now, over the rush of blood in his ears. “Were you named for the angel?”
Dean doesn’t have an answer for him.
Cas is watching him out of the corner of his eye. Dean pets across his shoulder blades, biting the inside of his cheek hard just before he sucks it up and puts his arm around him for real. It takes three long seconds for Cas to relax into it — three seconds that very nearly convince Dean he’s fucked it up again, ready to snatch his arm back with a hot flush of shame by the time Cas finally sinks into his hold like his strings have been cut.
This was true, but Dean felt weird asking to use Cas’s angelic superpowers for normal mundane things. He used ‘em enough for the big deal shit already.
“Yeah, yeah, Cas, c’mon,” Dean murmured as he helped Cas with his belt, like he was the one who needed coaxing to bed like a frightened animal.
“Is this why you keep hurting yourself?” Cas spat out. “Because you think I’ll always put you back together when you’re done?”
"Whoa," he croaks when Cas pulls away again. "I take it you missed flying."
“Hey, hey,” Dean had said, alarmed, and absolutely never brought it up again.
Dean doesn’t come downstairs in the morning until he hears Sam come home from his bagel run. Cas is sitting at the table with his hands around a starbucks cup, eyes red-rimmed when they rise to look at Dean.
have changed?” Cas counters, sidestepping the question.
“Working on it,” Sam says. “Ran into a couple roadblocks, but it’s nothing we can’t work out. How’s it going with you?”
“That won’t be an issue going forward,” he says stiffly.
“So heal me,” Dean said, shrugging. “Fix me up like usual.”
It takes twenty minutes to get the air mattress set up for Sam, and ten of those minutes are spent trying to find a usable outlet. Dean gets a sinking feeling he’s going to have some serious rewiring ahead of him, but that’s a problem for another day, after they’ve had more than one afternoon to get settled. He leaves Sam and Cas to wrangle sheets onto the air mattress while he disappears into his room to make up his own bed.
“Not everything is your responsibility or your doing,” Cas sighs. He kicks Dean in the side with his heel. “You hauled a dead, burnt-out angel back to the realm of the living with your bare hands. You did fine.”
“Beautiful, huh,” he said, trying not to sound too skeptical.
Cas rolled Dean onto his back and hovered over him, eyes more fierce than Dean had maybe ever seen them. They glowed with barely-suppressed grace, his agitation crackling like a live wire, lighting him up in sparks. “Are you listening to me?”
“You made your decision the moment we pulled up,” Cas says. “Didn’t you.”
Dean almost laughed. Was that what this was about? “Dude. C’mon. How many vamp nests have I taken out in my life? This was kids’ stuff.”
Cas, currently tying a hex bag cross-legged on the kitchen floor, glances up at him. “...Yes? Vegetables, primarily, although I have an interest in cultivating flowers as well.”
“Excuse me?” Cas snaps back. The look on his face would be a funnier mask of abject offense if Dean wasn’t so ticked off.
“Funny guy,” Dean says, flustered despite himself. “It’s my goddamn bed in there.”
“As far as you can tell?”
“— But are you — Christ, never mind.”
, okay, Jesus, you’ve made your point —”
Dean waits until she’s safely out of earshot to raise his eyebrows at Cas. “As a team, eh,” he says. “Thought your bed wasn’t gonna be a unanimous decision.”
“I ought to leave you here, bleeding,” Cas hissed. “If you are going to keep undoing my hard work over and over.”
“Are you hurt?” Cas asked, frowning.
Sam makes a whip-cracking noise with his mouth.
By the time he’s back inside, Cas is nowhere to be found and he’s left the peanut butter out, dirty knife and plate in the sink. “Thought you were a social eater,” Dean muses to himself, eyes narrowed, then washes the dishes, because they’re there and he’s stalling. Across the house, he can hear furniture scraping against the new flooring as Cas moves shit around.
“Little late for that, but I didn’t factor in the hugging parade,” Dean says, ruffling Jack’s hair. “You can gimme a hand with the blueberries if we’re through with the drama.”
Sam frowns at him, opening his mouth, but Dean is already staggering toward the door, and has stopped listening. He makes it outside before nausea overtakes him, but only just — he throws up in the bushes by the front door, bent over double, hands braced on his knees. He retches, coughing up bile.
Dean looks at him. Cas’s head is tilted again, openly trying to read him. Not that he’s ever particularly tried to hide it — as long as Dean’s known him, Cas has been working him like a safe to crack. Somebody really should have warned the guy Dean’s a lot of locks around a whole lot of nothing a long time ago.
Dean had said, and wouldn’t have thought any more about it if Cas’s eyes hadn’t started shining like cut diamonds in his face.)
The footsteps continue down the hall toward Cas’s room after a long hesitation. Dean tries not to be disappointed. He wipes a hand down his face, feeling the cool press of his ring drag against his cheek as he does. He looks at his hand afterward, holding it up above his head so the moonlight coming in from the window can glint off the gold. How did he end up here? Every step of the way seemed to make sense at the time, but now Dean’s a washed-up hunter living peacefully with a seraph while they wait together for the other shoe to drop; the apocalypse-that-wasn’t is breathing down their necks, and the jolt from that last missed step still hasn’t faded.
Zippy is actively pretending not to listen while she messes around on her phone in the other bed, but she hasn’t hit a button in ages, eyes slip-sliding back over to Cas and Lilah every other minute. Dean watches from the doorway. Cas makes his voice go even lower than usual when he reads dialogue spoken by Tock the Watch Dog, the rest of the narrative coming out as stiff as if he’s reading it from a textbook.
“Well, what would
Cas is suddenly touching his face, tipping it up so that he’s caught in a snare between two palms. Dean is helpless to look at him, to see the intensity with which Cas holds his gaze, dirt-smudged at the cheek and jaw and on fire right behind the eyes.
“You good to walk?” Sam asked him eventually, closing the trunk with a heavy thud. “Or do I have to come over there and haul you to the car?”
“Yes!” Cas slams his book closed and pushes it away from himself. “Did you think that I wouldn’t?”
Everything’s fine. Dean feels like an idiot. He used to pull this shit with Lisa, too, and hates himself a little for feeling the same pang of guilt in his stomach that’s always there when he remembers them. He hates himself a little for even remembering them at all.
“Cas,” Sam said again, worried.
Cas’s arm found its way around Dean’s waist ten minutes ago without any sign of moving. Dean tips his head to the side, leaning down to land on the solid flat of Cas’s shoulder. Summer won’t last much longer; autumn’s approaching shadow is just beginning to brush up against their heels, and soon the weather will break with a cold snap, letting the winter in one icy breath at a time. Jack’s first semester of high school begins in three weeks, and Sam’s taking the girls on a road trip to Sioux Falls around the same time, so Dean’s resolved to squeeze the most out of the summer he’s got left.
A panicky-sharp throb of pleasure warned Dean he was getting close, and he tried to communicate this to Cas by tugging his hair with more urgency — Cas just dropped his jaw and doubled down on his efforts, and Dean came a moment later with his heart in his throat and Cas’s name on his lips. He fell backward to rest on one propped-up elbow and shuddered through it, other hand still buried in Cas’s hair.
“Heal your ankle,” he mutters.
Dean eyes the patch of grass Cas has designs on. How he’s decided on that spot instead of any other, he can’t guess, but Cas has cordoned it off with wooden dowels stuck in the earth and twine wrapped around them, sectioning where the vegetables will go as opposed to flowers with colored tags. He’s obviously a man with a plan. Dean’s gonna stay the hell out of his way.
She whips out a little measuring tape and declares his ring finger a size nine, whatever the hell that means, and tells him that she’ll resize whichever one he picks if he gives her twenty minutes. That sounds reasonable enough, so Dean picks a ring — a dull, pleasant gold band with a groove around the center — and ambles off to go find Cas while she hammers it to size.
Dean eyes the heavens, gut swooping. “Yeah?”
Dean was trembling. He’d been shying away from falling into this soft kind of thing with Cas from the beginning; it was pretty telling that Cas had had to tie him up before he got him to kiss him like they were in love or something. Quick fucks between hunts or whenever they got especially restless were a lot easier to cope with than the honey-thick affection lurking in the married kisses Cas was dragging down his throat.
Dean leaves when Cas starts describing how Milo and Tock are going to escape the Doldrums, wandering into the kitchen to grab a beer and join Sam at the table. “You get Claire and Alex down here yet?” he asks as he takes a swig. “Zippy should meet ‘em.”
Cas didn’t ask for much — it rarely even seemed to occur to him that he could — but he ended up joining Dean at the register with a little cup of yogurt in hand, and Dean added it to the tally without a word. Cas looked pleased with himself for his decision (Dean knew this particular cup had doubtlessly been chosen and weighed with care against every other in the store) and Dean was just pleased at Cas for making choices.
“Sorry,” Dean says, rough. “Looks like I got you pretty good.”
“Ah,” Jade says. Her eyebrows arch toward her hairline. “It was that kind of move, huh?”
Sam shakes his head to confirm Dean’s assumption. “Orphans. They’ve been running from the wolf pack that turned Zippy — as far as I can tell, Zip just grabbed her sister from the foster home and took off.”
Cas, of course, relents first. “What’s your opinion about jam versus jelly?” he asks Lilah, shifting his hold to hitch her a little higher on his hip.
“Whoa, hey,” Dean says. He puts the back of his wrist to Cas’s forehead — he’s warm. “Wow, that took a lot outta you. Can you sit up?”
“At the risk of stating the obvious,” Cas murmurs, “it’s nowhere close to the full moon.”
Cas huffs an exasperated breath and crosses his arms over his chest. “I thought you liked the bunker.”
“Dean,” Cas said, voice soft. He put his hand over Dean’s, stilling it where it scrubbed the plate and trembled. “Are you alright?”
It takes fifteen minutes to sort out the colors from the whites, and another load for pants. He used to do all the laundry in the bunker, too — it’s still strange not to see Sam’s flannels in the mix, his long-ass jeans and funky socks. Cas would like funky socks, Dean thinks, then remembers that he’s mad at him and slaps the washer door too hard to shut it.
“God forbid
It isn’t until he’s almost asleep that Dean realizes he hasn’t called the house in Colorado ‘the safe house’ like Sam just did nearly since they bought it. It keeps him up for a while, turning the thought over and over in his mind, trying to make it spark.
Cas raises the almost-empty coffee thermos to his nose and sniffs, then pulls a face as he puts it back down. His knee is resting against the center console. Dean lets his right hand drift down so the back of it brushes against Cas’s jeans, denim catching on the webbing between forefinger and thumb.
murmuring in the background. “Sam’s the organic crap guy, I got no idea what we’re here for.”
Cas clears his throat. Baby’s engine turns over and pulls out of its parking space only a little jerkily. “Be my guest,” he says.
Dean glanced up. “What, dude?”
Cas’s expression is pure resignation, and Dean instantly feels like a tool, although he has no idea why. It’s not like he’s ever
In the middle of the beanbag mess, glaring up with orange eyes, a teenage girl no older than fourteen hisses at them with a mouthful of razor-sharp teeth.
Does a middle-of-the-night phone call not count anymore? Dean grunts, neither agreeing or disagreeing. Their hands are still clasped lifeline to lifeline when they cross the state line forty minutes later.
“Quite pleasant,” Cas decides. “For molecules.”
“Are you being held hostage?” Dean demands. “Work funky town into a sentence right now and I’ll be there ASAP.”
Cas pulls a face like he wants to argue, but he strips out of his shirt willingly enough, although the way he pulls both arms in through the sleeves before he tugs it over his head is proof he still isn’t used to changing clothes like a normal person. He folds it carefully, then sets it down with the towels.
“This’s gonna be more of a sprint than a marathon, babe,” Dean gasps.
Cas is absorbed in a book at the kitchen table when Dean finds him in the morning, chin in hand, elbow propped up on the table. It’s an indisputable fact that he probably learned his bad posture from Dean. He’s holding the book very close to his face.
look, which would work better if it isn’t punctuated by a yell and a crash somewhere deeper inside the belly of the beast.
“Most people like a warning before somebody gets in bed with ‘em,” Dean says after a moment.
is quite a romantic notion, in my opinion.”
“Cas,” Dean sighed.
Cas doesn’t answer him for a long moment. “Yes,” he says eventually. “Yes, I hope so.”
Jade’s back to organizing the bottles, not even looking at him when she asks, “How long have you two been married?”
Dean’s eyes are clouded. He blinks to clear them and Cas is just right there, looking concerned, and also way more present in the moment than he has in a while. Dean doesn’t want to think about why he’s only managing that when Dean’s visibly fucked up and needing something.
Dean nudges one of Sam’s tires with his foot. “Who even knows, with him.”
Cas reached up and stroked a lock of hair back where sweat had stuck it to Dean’s forehead. The awed expression had returned. “I do.”
Cas levels him with a look. “I would have come back.”
“I’m thinking it’d be a lot of work,” Dean tells him. “Lotta work I’d have to learn as we go.”
It’s never really a surprise when Cas dies. Nothing like the sweet shock whenever he sticks around, Dean’s soul prickling back to life like a limb roused from sleep. Dean looks at him now, at Cas fucking around with the AC, alive and cranky and here to stay. He’s never even let himself think about this enough to want it. There are twelve years of wanting Cas to stay that Dean never felt, and he thinks it’s starting to catch up to him, threatening to drag him under in a riptide.
“Fuck off,” Cas snarls, eyes flashing blue-white with barely suppressed grace when he whirls around again.
Dean swore as soon as he got Cas’s mouth on him. Usually he’d have put his hands in Cas’s hair by now, just to retain some pretense that he was the one in charge, but his hands were otherwise occupied and he couldn’t do anything but arch his back and curl his toes.
Dean, barefoot and still holding his coffee cup, obeys in a daze. He crouches down next to Cas and the new flowers, pansies in yellow and indigo, poppies the size of fists, long stalks of lavender waving in the breeze.
“She spends more time as a wolf than, uh, not a wolf,” Sam says. “No idea how. Garth thinks it’s ‘cause she got turned so young, maybe as a defense mechanism.”
Dean shot him a thumbs up, other hand pressing a balled-up rag to his stomach.
“I’m dreaming,” Dean realizes. Relief tastes like clean rain and nearly bowls him over.
Mile marker 47 means they’re approaching the border to Kansas. Dean needs coffee and gasoline and half of the granola bar he knows Cas has stashed in the glove box. He can’t stomach any of it, though, stopping the car least of all.
Sam blinks. “Uh. You know that thing where Victorian women got sent to the seaside to feel less crazy?”
Cas kissed him again, and Dean had been expecting sharp, furious kisses like before, but Cas kissed him very gently, held him down with a hand to his sternum and sucked on his tongue, set careful teeth to his lower lip.
“This,” Cas said, touching the wound on his stomach, “Is not kids’ stuff, Dean.”
“I didn’t want you to stop me,” Sam says. “Or talk me out of it.”
— and Bobby, too, Jo and Ellen and Dean’s own mom, maybe —
Dean thinks.
“I am aware.” Cas’s eyes flickered down to the red blooming through Dean’s grey shirt before back up to his eyes. Normally this would be the point at which Cas would heal him, two fingers pressed gently to his forehead until his skin was wiped clean once more. But Cas’s hands stayed by his sides, and Dean wondered if this was the part where he was supposed to start worrying.
“Can you do it without scratching up the table again?” Sam counters.
“Well, okay, then,” Sam says. “Lead the way.”
“Of course you did.” Cas shows him a thin smile.
Zippy’s eyes narrow. “Fine,” she says. “But I wanna eat upstairs.”
“Do you realize how impertinent you were to give me that nickname, all those years ago?” Cas asks. His voice is low and dark like thunder.
Cas catches his eye, raising an eyebrow. Dean offers him an egg roll from the carton.
The expression on Sam’s face is that wrenching, big-eyed look of gratitude that Dean has never once in his life been able to stomach. He looks eight years old again and listening to Dean tell him how they’re going to sneak into the movies to see Terminator 2, Sam stealing candy while Dean tried to flirt with the concession stand girl.
Cas is looking at him when Dean opens the door, eyes dark and curious.
Cas smacks his lips. “No,” he says thoughtfully. “I stand by it. The pH level is far too high for potatoes, I’ll need to get horticultural sulfur to balance it.”
“Oh, shit,” Dean groans, sinking into his bedroom’s door frame as Cas devotes his attention to his neck again. He’s going to leave marks, red and purple bruises in the shape of his mouth. Dean is so hard that his zipper and fly press into his dick. “Cas...” he sighs, just for the pleasure of saying Cas’s name, the godless name Dean gave him.
Ordinarily, this would have been enough for Dean to pass out like he’d been knocked on the head — Cas took the guardian angel thing real seriously, after all — but Dean stared out into the darkness of his bedroom and didn’t know if he could even close his eyes. Cas’s arm felt heavier around his waist by the second.
“Didn’t you —” Cas thumbs Dean’s nipple, which makes him shiver. “— Want to go to bed?”
His brain finally calms down now that Cas is settled in the next room over. If he closes his eyes and concentrates hard, he can hear him moving about in the other bedroom, sheets whispering together when he slides into bed. Dean’s hand curls slightly where it’s resting on the mattress next to his head. He thumbs a crease on the corner of his pillowcase, thinking about Cas’s hair on his own pillow, and the fact that it’s so long these days he could coil a lock around a finger.
“Alright, crunchy,” Sam laughs. “Was it moving the bed that did you in?”
“What now?” Cas asks, exasperated.
Is this happening? Something is happening. Dean’s throat clicks as he swallows, and he makes a sound that’s trying hard to be Cas’s name, but comes out a garbled whimper.
It sure looks like a wedding band, now that he’s staring it in the face. What the fuck was he thinking?
it’s his hand, but the point is brought effectively home when he fits his palm to the shape that’s been burned into Cas’s skin and finds it a perfect match.
“Whoa.” Sam tries to reach for him, then thinks better of it and aborts the motion before they make contact. “Dude. No. I wasn’t sure of
“My ring,” Dean growls. “Stay here.”
The hunt went about as smoothly as it usually did, which meant it ended up with Dean flat on his back in an open grave with a twisted ankle and blood in his mouth. He cursed a blue streak until Cas appeared at the mouth of the grave and put an arm down to pull him up. Dean clung to his sleeve and spat blood on the ground as soon as he was topside, hands braced on his knees when he managed to stand.
“No one’s married,” Dean says quickly.
Christ, the things Dean wants. He wishes wanting them made it any easier. “Let’s stay a while first,” he says. “Long as you don’t let me dream up any mosquitos.”
“I should have read it to him,” Cas continues. His voice is mild and calm. “Did anyone ever read to him?”
Lilah’s step forward is tentative, but at least she’s close enough now that Cas can reach out two very gentle fingertips to brush across her injured knee. She gasps when the blue-white spark of grace dances across her leg and leaves behind nothing but clean, unbroken skin under her race-car bandaids.
Cas blinks. “I’m sorry?”
Sam’s mouth opens and closes a couple times before he manages to speak. “Why are you telling me now?”
“Yeah,” Sam laughs. “Yeah. Just like that.”
The squeeze of Cas’s hand to Dean’s thigh is unexpected but somehow inevitable too. Cas’s thumb smooths out a wrinkle of denim right at the bend of his knee. “I see it,” he promises in a murmur. “I see you.”
“Well, I am.” Cas squeezes Dean around the middle as if to illustrate this point. Then, softer, “Of course I know, Dean.”
Cas’s eyes narrow even further, but Dean has already got one foot in Baby, and doesn’t have to look at him anymore.
Dean smiles. It’s a sweet thought, if a little painfully earnest. “C’mon, bud,” he says. “Be selfish for once.”
Cas is quiet for another long moment. “The Empty felt a little like this sometimes,” he offers eventually. “Like floating.”
“Jerk. Be safe.”
“Fuck,” Sam says with feeling. “We can argue about it later, okay? I gotta give her something to tide her over.”
Cas sweeps his legs out from under him with a well-timed kick, and Dean goes down with a crash. Cas isn’t even breathing hard, goddamn him.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas laughs. It’s a wonderful sound. “On the contrary. With you, I always pull my punches.”
Real estate lady — Janet, Dean remembers — begins her spiel about the front room, and Dean crosses to the window to check out the sight lines while the others listen. Not too shabby, honestly, and he spots the lake glittering a blue-green promise in the distance.
Dean’s no stranger to palming a girl’s thigh as he drives, but this is different. Cas keeps stroking over the curve where the inside of his wrist starts to smooth up his forearm, following the ridge of a vein, making his blood go hot under his skin.
Cas isn’t interested in watching Dean struggle to reply, though, he’s leaning back in his seat with his eyes drifting closed. It takes a second for Dean to recognize the song that’s playing, but then —
“Cas,” Dean starts. He doesn’t have anything else to say that won’t sound pathetic.
Cas tugs on brand-new gardening gloves, laser-focused with his sun hat shoved back so that a couple tufts of dark hair stick out the band at his forehead. Dean bends back over the plank he’s marking, but his eyes flick up now and then as he works to watch Cas wade through the tall grasses, sinking down close to the ground to pull shoots up by the root.
Dean does
Dean’s head lolls forward to hang between his arms. He has to fucking — he’s gotta — there must be something he can do. Something
“Are you happy?” Dean asks.
Cas nods and complies with some difficulty. Dean shakes two tylenol out of the bottle and grabs his own cup of water from earlier that’s sitting on the coffee table, watching Cas until he’s swallowed the pills.
It also makes him want to shake Cas and demand he take it all back, all the hundreds of ways he’s bled for them on the assumption that Dean knows what he’s doing.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs. He puts his hand on Dean’s arm, just briefly, before he takes it away again. “My apologies. I didn’t intend to pry.”
When he made it to the kitchen, Sam was puzzling through the same crossword from the day before. Dean snuck a glance over his shoulder as he put the coffee pot to work, wondering absently if he should sneak a coffee back to Cas before the angel bothered too much with getting dressed. He could trade the cup for a kiss, if he teased him enough — Cas seemed like the type who could be wheedled with those kinds of tactics, and he looked forward to testing his hunch.
Dean is drunk and uncoordinated and pissed-off and guilty. It’s been months since his last fistfight, and Cas is an angel; his odds of winning are contingent on Cas’s desire not to mess up his pretty face, and Dean’s been needling him all day. Then again, neither of them is a stranger to fighting dirty, if the situation calls for it.
“I’m sorry,” Cas murmured. “If that was inappropriate. Or —”
you don’t belong to Michael.”
He drifts. He’s vaguely aware of Cas stopping for gas at some indeterminate point in time later, and then of a jacket being draped over him, the soft inside of an unzipped hoodie brushing against his face. Sam’s hoodie, he thinks. It smells like motel soap.
Sam finishes the incantation. The hole in the forest floor snaps closed with an uneasy rumble, spitting up black bile before it folds down on itself into nothing. Sam prods the spot with the toe of his boot until he’s satisfied, then gives Dean a sharp nod.
that choices cost Cas dearly. But his bland deference to whatever Dean thinks is best for the house is going to make Dean bash his own head against a wall before too long, he can already see it coming down the pipeline.
“That’s maybe the worst possible way you could say that,” Sam says, wrinkling his nose. “Call if you’re in trouble, okay?”
“I intend to.” There’s that stroke again, the tip of Cas’s thumb insinuating itself along the lifeline intersecting Dean’s palm. “If it’s worth anything, I’m very tired of averting the apocalypse. Why are we having this conversation now?”
Cas pauses briefly. Then he continues what he was doing. “At the moment it became pertinent. You said I could have the room.”
“Also, Cas ‘n me are together,” Dean added before he lost his nerve, crossing his arms tight over his chest when Sam’s eyes snapped up to look at him. “Just so you know.”
“Jack would have liked it too.”
They’d cat-napped like this plenty in Purgatory, Dean guesses, with Benny on the other side. It doesn’t have to be weird unless he makes it weird.
He knows immediately which room would be for Cas. Two windows at the intersection of a corner sketch out the perfect place for a reading nook, and Dean is halfway through assembling a bookcase for him in his mind before Cas gets his attention again, nodding his head toward the other room. Dean can see the very tip of his thumb print scar peeking up above the collar of Cas’s shirt when Cas turns his head.
He’s easing a board down into place right by the front door when Cas’s sentence catches up to him. “Wait, hang on,” he says, sitting back on his heels. “Garden?”
Dean felt Cas’s gaze land on him again, but he purposefully didn’t return it, just bit too hard into a piece of toast and scrunched one of the paper napkins they’d stolen from a rest stop diner very small in his hand.
Cas considers this. “I was a Victorian woman once,” he says thoughtfully. “That seems thematically appropriate.”
If Cas asked point blank, there isn’t much Dean wouldn’t hand over. There also isn’t much in the world Cas would ever bring himself to ask for. So where does that leave them?
He buys Cas soft serve on their way out as a peace offering, which Cas appreciates with slightly more gusto than his usual reaction to food; that is, he takes more than one bite of it before offering it to Dean, turning the spoon upside down in his mouth with a thoughtful noise.
Feeling all of fifteen years old on his very first date, Dean stretches as subtly as he’s able and drapes his arm along the back of the couch like it’s normal, like this is something they’ve done a hundred thousand times before. Cas’s body is close enough to warm the inside of his arm, making him hyper-aware of every place they are and aren’t touching. More the latter than the former, though. He lets curled knuckles brush across the back of Cas’s shoulder, testing the waters.
Hell, maybe he’s tossing and turning as well. Dean wouldn’t blame him. It’s a tossing and turning kind of night, his box fan humming, reminding him of every shitty motel room he and Sam have ever slept in, and it puts him in that familiar restless state of mind.
“Huh.” Sam smiled, sly. “Didn’t you know you were interested in, uh. Angels.”
Now, straining against his bonds and choking on a moan, Dean couldn’t imagine not having this. Cas slung his shaking legs over his shoulders, rubbing his tongue insistently the way that drove Dean absolutely crazy, and reached a hand up to slip two fingers into Dean’s mouth for him to suck on.
, Dean thought, slightly panicked as he watched Cas work his way down his chest, down his belly.
Busting open the downstairs bedroom door with his shoulder should hurt, but Dean has too much adrenaline slicking through his veins to feel it. This is where the fire started, this is where the fire always starts — Jack’s bed has been replaced by an empty crib, and Dean tips his head back helplessly to see Castiel burning alive on the ceiling.
“You’re suggesting I take photographs of you naked?” Cas asks.
“Don’t tell me you suddenly believe in fate again,” Cas teases.
“I’m expanding my horizons,” Cas answers simply. “Yes, I quite like this.”
Dean turns, frowning. “Could I have?”
Dean remembers taking Anna to find her grace again, her small hand fitted up against the trunk of that enormous tree. Angel grace is pure life energy stuffed in a vessel like compressed air in a can — Dean doesn’t doubt that Cas could grow a whole redwood forest if he poured everything he has into the earth. A garden patch is easy.
“Holy shit,” Dean says.
Dean’s smile turns a little more real. Yeah. They’re okay.
“Would it be so bad?” Cas asks. His thumb ghosts over one sharp corner of Dean’s jaw. “If I were human, I could grow old with you.”
“What are you doing up?” he asks. “It’s the middle of the night.”
“This is getting harder for you, isn’t it,” Dean says. He wipes away drying blood, his touch brisk and workmanlike. “Healing. Using your grace.”
The front door smacks the jamb when it closes, and Dean flicks his dish towel over his shoulder, leaving the potatoes half-chopped on the counter to come see what the hell’s going on in the hall. “Cas?” he calls out, alarm snapping like a piano string when he sees Cas pale and wincing, leaned up against the wall with a scraped knee trickling blood down his torn pants.
“Uh, just checking in,” he says a half second after the beep, caught off guard. “Not an emergency or anything. Lemme know when you get this.”
Cas wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, panting as he sat up. Dean caught his breath, chest heaving as Cas crawled up his body and cradled his face in his hands, kissed him deeply, let him taste himself.
Dean rolls his eyes as he looks back up at Orion’s boxy body, weapon held high. “You know way too much about this stuff, dude.”
Cas is airborne before Jack can answer, swooping up toward the sun. He flickers once, then disappears completely.
Cas’s surprise is a sweet shock beside him. “Is that faith, Dean?”
“What are you thinking?” Cas asks.
Cas made a thoughtful noise. “Would you rather I hadn’t? I assumed you’d wish to keep them. They seemed a meaningful choice.”
Dean sleeps like shit, their last night at the bunker, but what else is new. He’s pretty much packed up, none of them really have all that much shit, aside from clothes and assorted weapons and magical paraphernalia, but he’s also pretty attached to his memory foam mattress and Cas has accumulated at least a small bag’s worth of knickknacks over the years.
Oh, God, they’re making out against his car. Dean’s whole body curls in toward Cas, he can’t help but grasp at him, muffling a very telling noise by making it directly into Cas’s mouth. Cas’s answering laugh is a breathless, awed little thing. Dean kisses him and kisses him.
“Oh, fuck, the pancakes,” Dean remembers. “Eh, it’s fine. I’ll start fresh.”
Dean just shakes his head. He isn’t hurt, the knee-ache from kneeling on the concrete floor of the garage notwithstanding, and Cas’s grace is stretched thin enough already. The afternoon light shining through the glass of the mezuzah leaves a green patch on Cas’s shoulder.
Sam flinched back, as always, when Cas materialized. Dean had only just stopped doing the same. Anything that could appear randomly whenever it pleased with the weight of that much power behind it wasn’t usually friendly, and it was difficult to unlearn the particular fear-reflex that had them reaching for their knives before they recognized the trench coat.
There’s a twin sized bed pushed into one corner, made up with a colorful duvet and a carefully fluffed pillow. A small stack of photographs are pinned down to the bedside table by a snow globe that Dean bought at a gas station in Wyoming, and a teddy bear is perched right in front of the bed’s pillow, smiling serenely out at the room.
Dean opens and shuts the front door, not bothering to lock it behind himself. He’s got his sights set on the angel in the yard, eyes slowly adjusting to the field of darkness to hone in on him. The next round of lightning illuminates the surroundings again, centered on Cas, and for a split second, Dean’s heart stops in his chest — was Cas just
Dean taught Sam to swim too, when they were smaller, all of thirteen years old and holding his kid brother’s head above the waves. Cas is a better sport than Sam ever was, because he at least allows Dean to pull him deep enough that the lake makes possessive gestures against their parted lips without complaint, following like he’s always done, like it’s easy.
Cas made a thoughtful noise and took the plate out of Dean’s hand to set it down on the counter, sliding around behind him to put his hands on his hips and his mouth to the freckled nape of Dean’s neck. Cas’s wet hand soaked through his shirt, and Dean had to brace his hands on the counter, pressing back against the solidity of Cas’s body behind him.
He made a soft noise of protest when Cas pulled out, but didn’t move until Cas was through knotting the condom and started untying his wrists. The look on Cas’s face was slightly concerned, like maybe he was worried he’d gone too far, so Dean cupped the back of his head and pulled him into a kiss once his hands were free.
“You didn’t have free will to choose when you grabbed me,” Dean whispered.
“Ngh,” Dean said, rubbing his eyes. Cas sifted through his pajama drawer and came up with a pair of sweatpants and a tank top. “What time ‘s it?”
Cas doesn’t respond to the shoulder-touch. Dean keeps letting his hand creep closer and closer, trying to see what will make Cas react. It takes the full flat of his palm to the center of Cas’s back before he stiffens enough that Dean can tell, spine ramrod-straight under the blanket.
Can it be that easy? Is the act of Dean choosing him back just as strange and monstrous in its adoration, enough to tip the scale back from apocalyptic to holy?
Dean nodded. Together-together just about summed it up, although he was already bracing himself for whatever flowery way Cas would want to describe it going forward. He’d have thought going on about their profound bond or whatever would’ve been as bad as it could get, but this was Cas. Better to stay on his toes.
“Losing a kid is as bad as it gets,” she says. “So I hear.”
“In a way,” Cas answered. Another kiss, scraping teeth against skin. “I am tired of standing here, yes, when I could be touching you.”
His toast pops. Dean narrows his eyes at the jelly sitting out — the offensive strawberry and lime purchased at the farmer’s market — and grabs a butter knife. He silently curses at the first bite, because goddamn him if it isn’t delicious.
is facing outward.
Yeah. Dean could have guessed that much already.
“You kissed me first, right?” he asks, lips brushing scar tissue. “In the garage.”
Dean does the opposite of that and braces his free hand against the sink with a scowl. “If that was true, you’d just tell me what the hell you’re doing.”
“Bitch.”
He wonders how many times two people can bring each other back from the dead before they’re common-law married.
Cas is standing in the center of the living room, pushing the coffee table to the wall. The couch is up against the other wall already, the overstuffed armchair quick to follow. Once the middle of the room is clear, Cas straightens and rolls up his henley’s sleeves to the elbow.
Dean splutters, mouth opening and closing, because what the hell! You can’t just say that to a person!
Cas either doesn’t get the memo or elects to ignore it, because he’s touching Dean’s hip next, squeezing. “How should I say it, then?”
Screw that. Cas isn’t his minder. Dean’s a grown man, if he wants to get plastered at three, he can fucking do that.
Cas has let his arm fall back off his face by now, eyes mostly-lidded as he watches Dean pour antiseptic onto a cotton ball for cleaning the wound. Even in his peripheral vision, Dean can see the way Cas is tracking his movements.
Dean must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next thing he remembered was Cas hauling him upright and helping him stumble down the hall to his bedroom. Dean grumbled and kind of fought it, but Cas didn’t let up, just kept pushing until Dean was standing in front of his dresser.
Sam sighs. “The fact that you think those are mutually exclusive things says a lot about you.”
“I’m a soldier, not a songbird,” Cas replies dryly.
“God forbid,” Cas says. “What, then?”
Dean thinks, and shivers.
“When were you gonna tell me about this?” he asks, voice rasping. How much time has Cas spent gathering up kid-room furnishings while off on his garden store trips without saying a word to Dean?
Jesus, the hive. Dean’s gonna have to call back the dude with the apiary and arrange for a pickup before it’s too late into the summer, or the guy won’t want to sell.
Dean looks at Jack, and Jack looks back at him. The kid isn’t hugging him like he hugged Cas. Who can blame him, after everything? Dean can count on one hand the number of times he hugged his own father, and none in his memory were ever initiated by him. Getting tucked up under John Winchester’s arm had always been a rare and blissful experience, leading Dean to associate the smell of whiskey, leather and cigarettes with an intrinsic safety that hurt him to have. It always made him want to cling too hard, waiting to get pushed away with a gruff
“Dude.” Dean covers the ball of Cas’s knee with his hand. “I was always coming for you. There’s no version of this where I didn’t come for you.”
“I don’t care. Just not like that.” Dean turns his face away, resolute, but that just puts the bee box back in his line of sight, blue and serene and marked with his and Cas’s names.
Did Cas ever jack off? Was Dean’s hand the first he’d ever had? Dean had been a lot of Cas’s firsts, and not only in bed — he’d bought him his first cheeseburger, his first iced coffee, had taken him to his first kitschy roadside attraction and only laughed a little when Cas took it too seriously. He’d given Cas his very first gift, his first blowjob, been his first friend and the first real person to call him family. Dean hoarded these firsts close to his chest. That look of awe and wonder on Cas’s face every time he discovered something new, that was
Dean laughs out loud, he can’t help it. “Hang on ten minutes, buddy,” he says. “I’ll come be your assistant, but I’m keeping my hair.”
Cas just kneels there with his back to Dean, saying nothing. There’s no more thunder, no more lightning, just the dead quiet of night and an uneasy whisper of wind that tugs at Dean’s sleep shirt and leaves gooseflesh in its wake. He’s seen Cas kneel enough times to be worried by anything that can bring him to his knees, and this is no exception, heart starting to race like his body thinks it’s gotta brace for a fight.
And it turned out that Dean really liked letting him.
Cas has never looked so exasperated and indulgent and unbearably fond in his life. “Very funny, Dean.”
