Dean’s eyes went wide. “Oh my god I am so sorry I didn’t mean to-” “You’re all good, kid. Happens all the time. What’s up?” The older guy was rubbing the back of his head. Dean caught a glimpse of the nametag on his jumpsuit. “Is Bobby here?” Dean asked.
“Hello? Earth to Dean?”
Castiel slowly opened his eyes and met Dean’s gaze again. “No, you should stay.”
Soon, the laundry was put away, or at least in a stack on his closet floor. So Dean hopped on his bike and started to ride around town. He didn’t really have any sort of destination in mind, usually Dean found adventure along the way. A few miles from his house, he saw a big yellow moving van. Either someone was lucky enough to be getting out of Lawrence, or some poor soul had no idea how boring it was going to be. Looking back to the road, he squeezed the brakes on the handlebars of his bike so hard he almost crashed. In the road stood an orange cat, just staring at Dean. He stopped just in time to avoid running it over, but it just stared. Dean stared right back. “What’s your problem?” No response. “Asshole,” he grumbled.
“Don’t. Don’t apologize.” Cas turned around in his seat, letting out a tired sigh. “You didn’t do anything, Dean. There’s nothing to apologize for.” He pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Is this Dean Winchester?” The voice on the other end sounded vaguely familiar, though Dean couldn’t put his finger on it.
“Figures,” Cas muttered, looking up at Dean. “Are you mad that I never told you about him?”
When the crowd flooded the field, Mary pulled him into a hug. “Oh, Dean, you were great! And congratulations on the, uh, prince thing. What does that mean exactly?” “I have no idea.” “Cool, me neither. Did you see Cas is here?” Dean smiled and nodded. “Yeah, he introduced me to his girlfriend.”
“And I’m not?”
Dean let out a soft sigh, dropping into the seat by his bed. “I, uh, brought you some comic books. Did anyone tell you how long you’ll be in here?”
Dean chewed at his lip. He hated to interrupt the moment, but he knew he had to. “Alright, Anna Banana, don’t want you getting into any trouble. Let’s get you home.”
“Is he okay?”
Cas snorted. “Where?”
Dean stood stunned as he watched them walk down the hallway, leaving their son behind.
Cas let out a tense sigh, a puff of air escaping his lips and dissolving into the sky. “Look, I just wanted to apologize for being a dick earlier. I was mad, but it wasn’t your fault. I’m sorry for taking it out on you.”
Dean didn’t have time to notice Cas’ blush as the band students started to leave the school. He spotted Sam near the back, walking next to a sweet looking blonde girl. Some of the students were holding certificates, and they were all hugging and laughing and saying goodbye. Sam hugged the girl a little longer than a standard hug, and Dean gasped.
“You’re a very good friend, sweetheart, but you have school tomorrow. How about I pick you up when I’m done at work, we’ll go get Cas’ things, and you can go visit him after school.”
The line went dead and Dean stood there, holding the phone up to his ear. “Dean, what happened?” Sam was standing next to him, curious as ever.
Immediately Dean sat up straighter. “Hey, hey, what’s wrong?”
Dean used a finger under Cas’ chin to tilt his face toward him. “Hey, it’s gonna be okay baby. Just because you don’t live with her doesn’t mean you can’t see her.” Cas shook his head. “They won’t allow me there, or her to come here.” “Cas, Anna strikes me as a rule breaker. And you should’ve seen how upset she was when your parents made her leave. I imagine she’ll find her way over here sooner or later.”
“What did Jessica get?” Dean asked.
Dean laughed, shaking his head. “Sorry, sorry, just being an ass.” Cas let out a little huff. “Don’t I know it.” Dean laughed harder, shoving Cas. Cas shoved back. Dean lifted an eyebrow. “If it’s war you want, then it’s war you’ll get,” he declared, pushing him harder. Cas started to fall back off the bed, but grabbed Dean’s collar, bringing him down too. Dean used his hand to protect the back of Cas’ head from the hardwood floor.
The blush on Dean’s cheeks only darkened when Castiel ran his fingers along it. “You don’t not want, so you do want?” Dean sucked in a harsh breath, letting it out slowly.
Cas stayed quiet.
The back door to the diner slammed shut, causing Dean to take a stiff step back. Lisa stood there, a black garbage bag in her hand, staring at them in shock. Dean looked at Cas, who was still pressed against the wall, pale and scared. He cleared his throat. “Uh, hey Lise…”
“No, no, sorry to bother you guys…” Lisa went red and went back behind the counter. Dean felt her looking back at them every so often.
The rest of the day was quick and fun, like any summer day should be. Dean felt an odd sort of sentimentality, for when he was a kid and summers felt like forever. He had a feeling the summers would only get shorter as he got older, and that made him sad.
The blazer took forever to catch on fire. The tie, however, burned up quickly. Once they got the fire to take to the blazer, though, they couldn’t have stopped it if they wanted to. Thankfully, they didn’t. Cas was laughing and smiling, bantering back and forth with Sam. Dean just watched them. Cas fit into their family so well, it was like he was meant to be there.
Cas didn’t say anything, but Dean could read his face all too well. Cas wasn’t used to loving parents.
He looked back at Cas, who had started to chew on his lower lip, pushing his fries around on his plate. He seemed decidedly not fine, but Dean didn’t press. Not here.
It was the first time he’d biked to Cas’ in the dark. He leaned his bike against the side of the garage and walked around the back of the house. There were two rooms visible on the top floor in the back, and one had pink walls. So, Dean decided to take his chances with the other room, looking for a way up.
“Thanks.”
Dean pushed the door to the room open. “Uh, Cas? What the hell just happened?”
“Uh, sure, okay. Have a good night, Anna, and tell Cas we miss him.”
Cas smiled back, and immediately it felt like nothing had ever gone wrong. Reset button. Back to the start. “Yeah, that’d be fun.”
“I don’t want you to get in trouble for being here. Does your mom even know you’re gone?” Cas asked.
Cas closed his eyes and nestled into Dean’s chest. Dean fell asleep pretty quickly, and he couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so relaxed.
The phone didn’t even finish the first ring. “Mary Winchester, how can I help you?”
“No you don’t.”
Dean squared his jaw but obeyed, ushering Anna out into the hallway as she wept. He watched through the window, doing his best to comfort her. Dean couldn’t hear their conversation, but he could read their body language pretty well.
“Okay, sounds good.”
“I know it’s going to be different when Lucifer comes home. We will all have to adjust. But he’s changed too, son. He’s reformed. He strayed from the path of God, and he reaped the consequences. He sought the light in the dark times and he found himself reunited with the Lord. Remember Isaiah 44:22?”
He crossed the short space between them and paused only a few inches away from him. Dean’s hands found their way onto Cas’ hips, pulling them towards his own. Cas looked up at him for only a moment before they were kissing.
“Well that’s fucked up. How did they know?”
“Castiel, is this door locked?” came a gruff male voice.
Dean shook his head, taking the bottle. “I don’t wear sunscreen. I would if it prevented these damn freckles.” He sprayed Castiel’s back. “I think your freckles are nice,” Castiel said, turning around when Dean was done. Without the glasses on, Castiel’s eyes looked ten times bigger. Dean didn’t know if he’d ever seen a blue that bright before. They were a shocking sort of electric blue, even clearer than the pool water on this sunny day.
Cas turned to Lisa with a sweet smile. “Lisa, right?” She nodded. “Nice to see you again. This is April, my girlfriend.” Lisa smiled at April. “Hi April! You two are so cute, how long have you been together?” “Almost two months,” April answered, taking Cas’ hand. “Awwww!” Lisa squealed.
There was a thick tree with one long branch that extended towards what was hopefully Cas’ window. But the trunk was bare for the first ten feet, so he’d have to climb another tree to get onto that one. Dean took a deep breath and started climbing, trying to stay quiet.
“No to that too,” Cas said.
When they got to the Winchester house, Dean knocked on Cas’ door. Cas had already been in bed, but Dean could tell from the glasses, lamp, and book face down on the bed that he hadn’t slept. Anna was hidden behind Dean, who couldn’t hide his grin as Cas rubbed at his eyes and yawned. “What are you smiling for?” Cas asked, looking at Dean with bleary eyes.
“I mean, I can’t, okay?” Cas rinsed the plate off, put it in the drying rack, and left the kitchen. Dean rushed to put the rest of the food away.
“The tie isn’t so bad, it makes my eyes sparkle,” Cas joked, all but ripping it off his neck.
The ride home was quiet, Cas’ head on Dean’s shoulder. When they parked, Cas started to get out of the car. “Hey,” Dean whispered. Cas turned around to look at him. “Don’t I get a kiss goodnight?” Dean asked with a pout. “You’re incorrigible,” Cas replied, rolling his eyes. Dean didn’t know what that meant, exactly, but he figured Cas didn’t mean it as he leaned in and kissed him softly. Dean played absently with the hair at the nape of Cas’ neck, toying with the cute little curls that formed there. It was a soft, sweet, and slow kiss, the kind that made Dean feel like this was where he was meant to be. And in that moment, with his car and his angel, Dean was sure that it was.
Cas still smelled like a campfire a few hours later as they played Mortal Kombat. At first, Cas was easily the worst at this game that Dean had ever seen. But as they played, Cas learned where the buttons were and what they did. Soon, he was winning every match.
“Really? Yay!” Cas threw his good arm up, like he was cheering. “I love you too…” And with that, Cas was out, his arm flopping down onto his bed.
Cas shook his head. “You’re a fun person to draw.”
Cas interjected. “What’s your paper say?”
Cas shrugged. “Nothin’ wrong with having a nice shirt laying around. And have you seen my ass in these? I’m keeping ‘em.”
Dean was stunned silent. There was a quiet argument on Anna’s end.
Dean laughed again. “Unbutton the top few buttons, dude, you look like a Mormon or something.”
Castiel seemed to light up from the inside. “Okay!”
“Jesus Christ, Cas!”
They began to eat. “So, Cas, you just moved in down the street?” “Yes ma’am, about a week ago.” “How did you meet Dean?” “He almost ran over my cat with his bike.”
“Good. You?”
“Good,” he heard her say. “Now pour in the milk and stir.”
Anna popped out from behind Dean, her grin even bigger than Dean’s. “Surprise!”
Dean raked his fingers through his hair, looking back at Cas’ drawing. “You know, you surprise me every day.”
“Well, depends. If she wants, take her out to eat. Somewhere you can afford. Then, depending on how it’s going, you go back to somebody’s place. Hers if you can, so she feels more comfortable. She’ll ask if you want to watch a movie. You say sure. She asks which one, you say whichever movie she wants. And then- dude, are you actually writing this down? That’s funny. Anyway, then you only have to sorta pay attention to the movie. The movie plays and you scoot closer and closer and maybe put a hand on her thigh, then when the two leads get together, you go for it.”
Breakfast was good, and just about everything felt perfect. Well, almost.
“Sorry, I can’t hear you over how much you suck.”
They laid together for a while, foreheads pressed together and eyes locked, speaking through smiles and soft kisses. Dean took in a deep breath and sat up. He stretched his arms over his head and cracked his neck. “You smell bacon?” he asked.
“But you’re so- I mean come on, dude, you’ve gotta have girls crawling all over you,” Dean replied, shocked. Cas shrugged. “I’ve never really liked a girl that way, I don’t know,” Cas said, seeming embarrassed.
Cas stepped closer to Dean, looking around. “Hey, we’re in public…”
Cas let out a sigh. “Oh my God, you can’t imagine, Dean. I didn’t believe in Heaven until I knew how it felt to walk out of that place for the last time.”
“I know. And it’s better off that way. Trust me. Close the door on your way out.”
“The kiss?! What kiss?”
“You… you love me.”
“Lose what?”
“Practice? On who? I don’t know any girls that would be willing to just, just kiss some guy for practice.”
Thoughts of the worst-case scenario ran through Dean’s head as he waited on the sidewalk with his backpack. A white minivan came down the street, stopping in front of his house. The side door slid open, and Dean saw Anna waving him towards the car.
“Oh absolutely. Starting with that terrible tie.”
“Yeah. I was going to, I just…”
The second Dean’s head broke the water, Cas launched a splash at his face. “Aw, come on man, that’s not fair!” Dean whined, splashing back at him. And the war was off, the two boys splashing at one another so quickly they could hardly hear. Dean got an idea.
“Yeah.”
Getting Cas moved in was easy. By the time Cas got out of the hospital, Dean had set up his bedroom very similarly to his old one, but he’d hung up posters of Cas’ favorite movies, games, and bands. When Dean had picked Cas up from the hospital and brought him to his new home, Cas had broken down in tears and clung to Dean for a while. And Dean just held him through it. His fingers became used to carding through Cas’ thick hair, his shoulder used to Cas’ head.
Cas pressed his lips together, and Dean couldn’t help but watch. He suddenly thought back to the kiss they’d shared at the end of last summer. When Cas’ lips parted again, Dean had an overwhelming urge to lean in and taste them again. He looked back to Cas’ eyes, those bright blue eyes, staring back up at him with a feeling he couldn’t place. Dean knew Cas well, but not this well. This was new. Cas stayed frozen as Dean’s other hand, with a mind of its own, reached up to cup Cas’ jaw. He watched his thumb trace a soft line along Cas’ cheekbone. He barely even registered Cas tilting his head to rest it in Dean’s palm.
Dean pressed a soft kiss to his neck and smiled at the noise that spilled from Cas’ lips. “Yeah, but no one can see us.”
Castiel looked up to see Dean watching him. “Mm, did I say something weird?” he asked. Dean shook his head. “No, no, you’re fine. Just haven’t been this close to anybody in a while…”
“Uh, no, sir, it must be stuck. It does that sometimes. You just have to wiggle it a few times and it’ll come loose,” Cas called back. The doorknob jiggled as Dean tried to get the rest of his body under the bed. Cas adjusted the covers so Dean couldn’t be seen. The second Dean got his feet under, he heard Cas open the door.
Dean snorted. “Alright, Velma, I’ll help you look.”
Dean smiled faintly. “Thanks Sammy.” He went up to his room, grabbing a few comic books so Cas would have something for the boredom. What if Cas wasn’t even awake? What if he was sick, like really really sick?
Cas’ half-open eyes landed on Dean, causing Cas to smile faintly. “Dean’s here,” he croaked out. Dean’s voice came out in a hoarse whisper. “Yeah, buddy, I’m here… What happened?” “My brother… got mad.”
Dean pulled away just far enough to look at Cas. “What do you mean, baby?”
Castiel wasn’t normally the touchy type, especially around Dean, but neither man moved away from the contact. The weight of Dean’s cheek pressed against the top of Cas’ head and he let out a soft sigh.
“Do you have to wear a uniform?” Dean asked.
Dean took the back way to Lawrence Middle. The longer country roads let Dean drive as fast as he wanted, and boy could the Impala fly. Regardless of taking the long way, they arrived at the school before Sam was done with his band banquet.
“Well, I guess. This girl April seemed to like me a lot…” Cas mumbled.
“Jessica.”
“Utterly despicable,” he responded, recoiling from the booming volume of Dean’s voice.
“Why would she get me one?” Cas asked.
Dean ignored him, picking up the phone. “Hello?”
“You’ve never been on a date?”
“Where are we going?” Cas asked. Dean looked over his shoulder at him and winked.
Castiel nodded. “The Bible. My sister and brothers and I are all named after angels.” Dean quirked an eyebrow as Castiel took the seat next to him. “You got brothers?” he asked. Castiel nodded. “Yeah. Gabe left the second he turned eighteen. None of us have heard from him since. My parents just act like he never existed. All the pictures we have… it’s just me and Anna.”
“Seriously?” he groaned. “Mom, I’m fifteen. I think it should be illegal for fifteen year olds to have to fold laundry.” His mom laughed. She had a pretty laugh, Dean thought, and even though she was still young, she had smile lines and crow’s feet forming from all her laughter. “I think it should be illegal for you to be such a little shit,” she replied, plopping the basket down on the floor at the foot of the couch. “Home by 6 for dinner,” she called over her shoulder as she left the living room.
“I still don’t not want to, yeah.”
Dean turned to go, feeling defeated. But he paused, remembering the way Cas had looked at him earlier. That look that he’d never seen, at least not on Cas. But he’d seen it before. In girls that he wooed and the characters in their movies. It all made sense. All at once, the pieces connected in Dean’s head.
“No.” The shortness of his response felt like a knife to Dean’s heart.
“I… I’m sorry.”
“Oooo, Jessica.”
It only took a moment for Dean to close the distance between them in the small motel room. His arms looped around Cas’ waist and pulled him against his still-damp chest. Castiel let out a soft gasp that was quickly silenced by Dean’s lips on his.
Cas shook his head, tears falling silently down his face.
“Your brother Gabe?”
Cas sniffed the air. “Yeah, I do. You hungry?”
“I dunno.”
“No, you don’t understand. And you never will.”
“Dean.”
“We’ll hang out every day after school, dumbass.”
“Relax, it’s a kiss, not a wedding ring. You don’t even have to use tongue.”
Dean cleared his throat. “Uh, yeah, April will be happy with that.”
Cas followed her instructions, focused entirely on the pan in front of him. Mary looked over as Dean closed the door. “Hey, sweetie, you’re just in time for lunch!” Dean kicked off his shoes and walked into the kitchen. “Smells good,” he said, “what is it?” Mary smiled. “I’m teaching Cas how to make mac and cheese. He’s a very quick learner.”
He ended up winning the sophomore prince position, Jo handing him a plastic flower. He honestly didn’t care much, but joined Gwen in the front for a picture. Dean went back to his spot and waited for the ceremony to end. He did cheer when Lisa won homecoming queen, though. She was his date to the dance, it just felt like the thing to do.
“Yeah! Our brother is coming home!”
“Hmph,” he grumbled, handing the cup back to Dean. “I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to drinking water, though that was rather pleasing.”
this chapter is significantly shorter than the rest of them so far, so just enjoy i guess
Dean helped her sneak out of Cas’ old window and went down the tree first to catch her if she fell. He wasn’t too surprised when she made her way down much more quickly and gracefully than he ever did.
Dean quirked an eyebrow. “C’mon Cas, ‘course I’m not gonna laugh. I’m only a little bit of an asshole.”
There was Cas, and he was fine. Well. sort of. The doctors had set his nose back into place, his bruises were nearly gone, and his cast had a fair amount of signatures. He loosened his horrendous tie as he approached the car, opening the back door and tossing his bag and blazer into the backseat.
Sam let out a sigh. “Fine, but only because Cas is cool.”
sorry i kind of fell off this, ive been super busy lately! anyway, shits about to hit the fan, so hold onto your hats. as always, comments are appreciated so i don’t feel like i’m just throwing words into the void
Dean dropped into one of the two chairs. “Maybe, whaddya got?” “Just water.” “Eh, sure.” He held out his hand to catch the bottle, Castiel tossing it uncertainly. Dean plucked it out of the air and unscrewed it. He took a slow sip. “You tried to tell me earlier where your name comes from?”
They stepped out into the hallway. “Anna, we’re leaving,” his father said, his face expressionless. “What?” Anna asked, wiping at her face. “I said we’re leaving.”
Dean laughed. “Hell of a game, huh?” Cas shrugged. “I dunno. Again, I don’t know anything about football. Well, except that Cavalry is terrible at it.”
“I could see it,” Cas responded.
Dean cracked his knuckles, turning the old dull doorknob. He had to use his shoulder to open the door, a grunt following as he shoved his way into the small one room cottage. There wasn’t much left as far as furniture went, just an ancient iron stove, two steel chairs, and a couch that seemed to be barely held together. The floral wallpaper was peeling away from the wall.
Cas paused. “Lucifer called me a faggot when he was hitting me. They asked me if it was true. I said yes. My dad told me to never go back to the house and then they just left.” Cas broke down crying. It wasn’t like the quiet tears from minutes before, or even the angry tears from that night in December. This was a whole new level, a side of Cas Dean had never seen before. Dean walked back over to the bed. “Hey, hey, it’s gonna be okay.” He took Cas’ unslinged hand and squeezed it. “We have a guest room, and my mom will let you stay. I know she will. You’ll be okay.” With his other hand, he reached up to brush Cas’ hair back from his forehead. “You’ll be okay.”
sorry for the slow updates! i’ve only got one week of classes left so hopefully i’ll be able to write and post more then! thank you to every single person who reads this!
Dean offered him a smile. “You missed movie night, so I thought I’d bring the fun to you!”
Cas was silent. Dean turned to see him frozen, looking at him with fear in his eyes.
They swam and played and laughed for hours, until one of the lifeguards blew her whistle. “It is now 5:00, the pool is closed. Thank you for your patronage.” She sounded less than grateful for their patronage. The boys climbed out of the pool, Cas tossing Dean a towel from his backpack.
It was technically Dean’s dad’s car, his baby at that. But he’d told Mary that Dean could drive it when he had his license, and so he did. He took care of that car just as well as his dad did. For a nearly thirty year old car, she was a dream, especially for an aspiring mechanic.
Cas made an uncertain face. “Yeah?”
The student council president, Jo Harvelle, walked to the center of the field with a microphone. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she wore the official homecoming game t-shirt. “Hey everyone! Thank you so much for coming out to the 1994 homecoming game!” The red half of the stadium erupted into cheers.
“Yeah, you’re right.” Dean chewed at his lower lip. “I mean, don’t take this in a weird way or anything, but I’ve got a lot of, uh, experience. I could sort of… teach you.”
“‘Course I do. Don’t you feel it too?”
“You’re such a bad influence,” Cas whined, melting between Dean and the brick wall of the diner.
He jumped when a french fry hit him on the forehead.
Dean walked out with the rest of the boys nominated, meeting his partner in the middle of the field. Charlie was probably his best friend at Lawrence. He offered her his arm and they walked to the front of the field. “Have I told you how grateful I am that they put me with you for this shit?” Dean asked under his breath, smiling at the crowd. “Tell me about it,” she replied through her grin.
“Yeah, I know, but it won’t be the same,” Dean answered. “Why not?” Cas asked.
Thank you for reading the first chapter! This is my first fic ever (quarantine really do be like that) and I update it every couple of days. I would greatly appreciate comments and kudos!
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered, letting his lips trail down Cas’ neck. Cas let out a soft moan, tilting his head. Dean couldn’t help but give his warm skin a little bite, smiling at the way Cas moved and whined from it.
Dean froze, Cas seeing each muscle in his back tense up.
“I have football til 5.”
Bobby Singer and John Winchester were practically brothers. Dean didn’t know Bobby super well, and hadn’t seen him since his dad’s deployment, but he still viewed him as family. Like an uncle or something.
Cas nodded slowly, his eyes still wide and bewildered. “Uh, yeah, I’m fine. She took that pretty well…”
“What about Dean?”
“Dean, you don’t love me.”
As Castiel swallowed the pills, the bathroom door swung open. Dean stepped out, a towel wrapped loosely around his hips. Castiel tried not to stare, instead looking at Dean’s wet mess of hair.
“Here,” Dean said softly. Cas sat up and took the cup of water he was offered. He peered into it, wishing he could examine each molecule. “I used to have a tolerance for the drink, Dean. Now I seem to have lost my edge.”
“Normally, I’d be right with you. But…” she trailed off. “You’re a wonderful guy. Fantastic, actually. You’re funny and sweet and you’re like really hot and-”
As endearing as Cas’ innocence could be at times, this he couldn’t believe.
“Oh, Dean, honey, is Cas okay? Sam called and told me you went to go see him.”
“No, thank you, I mean it. I don’t think anyone has ever drawn me before. It’s cool.”
“Cassie!” a younger girl with red hair yelled as she skipped over to the two boys. “Don’t call me that, Anna!” Castiel protested with a slight blush. “Mom says you have to come in and start unpacking your room.” “Okay, I was just getting Tony.” The girl, Anna, looked up at Dean and stuck out her hand for a handshake. Dean smiled a little and obliged. She shook his hand loosely. “Anna Novak,”  she said in a deeper voice. “I’m Dean,” he answered, “nice to meet you.”
Dean was definitely swooning. There was so much love in Cas’ voice.
The words were half sung, half spoken in an emotional whisper. Cas laid next to his sleeping fiancé and pulled him into his arms, singing softly as he did so; the words once again a promise.
- there weren’t words that could describe the elated feeling the hunter felt.
out of my league. For sure. It’s a good thing I’m snatching you up.”
They had been through so much, Cas thought as he watched Dean’s calm features. He looked so at peace.
. Dean had no idea how true that was until it was too late. He had known, of course, of the profound bond him and Cas shared. Cas had called it that once and Dean felt as though it fit their relationship. They had never labeled themselves, never even talked about it. What could Dean have said? He knew how he felt, and he knew the angel could never feel the same. Angels didn’t feel emotions the same way humans did, and even though Cas had opened himself up so much over the years, there was no way... and that was fine with Dean. Maybe not fine, but Dean had accepted years ago that he could live with it. Even if he couldn’t mean to Cas what he meant to Dean, he still held onto those feelings. He would for the rest of his life, even if they were never reciprocated.
“I know it is, Dean,” Cas murmured with a soft smile, “And I’m honoured that you’re going through all of this for me.”
“Dean can’t sleep,” Cas explained, motioning to the tea he was making.
He knew there was no going back, he had tried. He prayed to Jack, wherever the hell he had gone. He begged him to find a way to bring Cas back. And as much as he prayed to Jack, he prayed to Cas more. All day, every day, he prayed to Cas. The once faithless man, praying to his angel over and over again with no reply.
Dean turned his eyes to watch his lover’s fingers as they strummed delicate melodies. Cas was beautiful, and this was amazing. Tears threatened to spill from Dean’s eyes as he sat forward, cutting Cas’ song off to kiss him. His strumming faltered and he paused as he grinned.
“But you can play the guitar?”
“Yours-” Dean squeaked out, “Only yours, Cas.”
“I dunno, probably,” Sam yawned again. He frowned when the angel didn’t reply, then understood when he saw the worried expression on his face. “Woah, hey, Cas, I didn’t mean it like that,” he backtracked, “Dean loves you, and you guys are solid. He’s probably just nervous about talking about his feelings in front of an audience.”
He saved this song for last, because he knew it was one of Dean’s favourites. When he had heard it on the mixtape the first time it had nearly made his heart explode in longing. How many nights had he spent wondering if Dean meant the words being sung on the tape?
“Are you having second thoughts?” Although Cas spoke in a calm voice, Dean could hear the worry creeping at the edges.
It was too late.
Cas sang the last line in a low, quiet voice, and as he strummed the last chord comfortable silence filled the air. Slowly, he opened his eyes and all the air in his lungs escaped as he saw the look on Dean’s face. Tears were flowing down his cheeks as he looked at the angel with pure love and adoration shining in his green eyes.
Cas smiled shyly as he locked eyes with Dean, continuing to play softly.
“Anything you want, Angel,” Dean stared at him fondly.
“That water is extremely hot, Dean.”
“Sounds like dinner’s ready,” Dean breathed against Cas’ mouth, bringing his hand up to ghost his thumb over his husband’s bottom lip. Cas shivered at the light touch, his eyes still closed. The air smelled of their dinner and of Dean, and to say it was heavenly would be an understatement.
“What?” Dean poked his head around the corner and chuckled when he saw what his husband was holding. “Nah, buddy, that’s an instant pot. Pretty sweet too, that was nice of her.” He walked over and planted a soft kiss in Cas’ hair before picking up one of the manuals that had fallen to the floor. “What do you say we finish opening these and then we can test it out?” Dean gestured to the pile of wedding presents they still had to find a home for. He lifted the open box from Cas and placed it on the counter, taking the opportunity to loop their now empty hands together. Cas leaned into the touch and pressed their lips together, soft and sweet.
“I know I worked up quite an appetite,” Dean grinned. “But now I’m tired,” he continued, flashing his best pout and puppy-dog-eyes at Cas.
He let the melody trail off as he stilled his fingers. Following the slight reverberating echo, Cas sat the guitar down beside the bed and sang the final lines to his lover in the surrounding silence.
“Is that so?” Cas mused, running his fingers along Dean’s chest.
“I think I know something that would tire me out,” Dean smirked, moving his hand lower until his fingers were teasing at Cas’ waistband. Cas inhaled sharply at the tempting thought… But they had made a decision earlier.
!” He cried out loud this time, no longer holding his emotions inside of him. A sob ripped through him, and he let out a strangled gasp as he hurled his empty beer against the wall. The glass shattered with a loud crash that Dean hoped wouldn’t wake up Sam. He didn’t want to talk about it, and he certainly didn’t want Sam to look at him like he was a fragile, wounded animal. Sure, maybe he was, but he didn’t need Sam pointing it out.
“I’m torn, Cas,” Dean sighed, “I really,
After finding a home for most of the gifts they strolled into the kitchen, hands linked together. Dean pulled the instant pot out of the box and set to work reading the instructions, and Cas found the card that Charlie had sent with the gift, reading it again with a smile. The card contained her congratulations, along with a recipe for stew.
“Why?” Cas asked, tilting his head as he so often did.
“Dean,” Cas murmured, his low voice gentle. He used one hand to lightly cup Dean’s jaw, tilting his head to look at him. “If you wish to fornicate, I will happily oblige. I was merely thinking back to what you said before, about wanting to wait. I believe it is also traditional to spend the night before the wedding apart, so we are already bending the 'rules'. I will be happy with whichever you would like to do.” Dean wiggled slightly as the angel spoke, mulling over his choices.
“Okay, you’re right,” Dean set his mug to the side and laid back against his pillow, getting comfortable again.
“Babe, it’s a good thing we’re getting married tomorrow,” Dean gulped.
“Yes, definitely yes,” Dean was left panting when they finally broke apart for air. “Please, Cas.”
“‘Course I’m nervous, Cas,” Dean grinned sheepishly. “I’m not the greatest at being vulnerable, if you haven’t noticed,” he laughed quietly at himself, “and being vulnerable in front of everyone I know? That’s kind of a big deal for me.”
The angel smirked, and he didn’t need to open his eyes to know that Dean had as well. He had contemplated changing the lyric, considering how many times they both had died, but he had decided to leave it. He’s glad he did, as he hears a sleepy giggle slip past Dean’s lips.
“Always,” Cas grinned back. “You’re very good with your hands.”
“Yes please,” Dean grinned sleepily, “How did I get so lucky?”
“What would you like to hear first?” Cas asked. Maybe Dean had a preference and they could start there.
good,” Dean threw his head back as he shut his eyes tight, giving himself over to the feeling of Cas’ mouth around him. The angel continued to move, sucking and bobbing harder and faster.
“Mm, I’m not sure,” he hummed, playing into Dean’s game. “Got any ideas?” He was trying to tease back, but his breath hitched as Dean’s mouth moved down his throat now, placing barely-there kisses along every spot that he knew drove Cas crazy. Dean growled affectionately against the dip in his throat,
The waves of grief crashed over him, and he was drowning. He was always drowning. It had been months since Cas had left him- he still couldn’t bring himself to admit that the angel was dead. They had spent the last year of their lives chasing down Chuck, all for a chance at true freedom. What was the point of all of that if when they finally succeeded, Cas was now gone? What was the point in things like birthdays, if the one thing Dean had been fighting for all along had been taken away from him? Consumed by the Empty, moments after Dean heard the words he had been longing to hear for the past 12 years.
“I know, I know, and I will,” Dean grinned, “But I need to get sleepy again. Any ideas?”
“Let’s see,” Cas said to himself as his fingers plucked softly at the strings. “I learned this one specifically to play for you someday.” He played the first few notes, his fingers moving intricately. “It’s...fitting,” Cas smirked slightly. “It’s called ‘First Day of My Life’.” He began to sing,
“Yes,” Cas hummed, “I suppose tomorrow makes it official,” he smiled.
“You’re not tired?” Cas asked, “We had quite the busy day today, I’m surprised.”
“I could perform oral stimulation on you, if that is something you would like,” Cas offered, his technical terms as endearing as always.
“It has been shown to help, yes,” Cas began to shuffle so he could stand up.
Dean rose slowly from his seat and shuffled out of the room, ignoring the broken glass all over the floor. He would clean it up in the morning, or Sam would. He simply didn’t care anymore. He walked the familiar path towards his room, stumbling slightly as he did. Maybe he had had a few too many beers. Oh well. Again, he didn’t care.
“Dean, we’re supposed to be making you tired, not riling you up,” he reminded him, getting off the bed and leaning down to plant a tender kiss on Dean’s forehead. “I’ll be right back.”
“Castiel,
“Cas, babe, you really don’t have to, it’s okay,” Dean said biting his lip.
,” Dean sighed lovingly as he nestled himself back against his pillow and grabbed his drink. “Okay, I’m ready for my lullaby now,” he grinned as he wiggled under the blanket. Cas returned the smile and situated himself so he was sitting cross legged on the bed. He strummed the guitar absentmindedly, wondering where to begin. He wasn’t as nervous as he thought he would be; it was comfortable with Dean.
“I guess we should eat, hey?” He drew patterns on Dean’s bare chest with his fingers.
Cas would spend the rest of their lives fighting for Dean every day. He wouldn’t let anything get in the way of them, ever again. This was more than a song, it was a promise.
“Uh, I’m not sure,” Sam frowned. ‘Oh wait, here,” he plucked the small radio from it’s shelf and set it in front of Cas. “He won’t admit it, but when he gets nervous he listens to music to distract himself. Usually he goes for a drive and cranks up the radio, but it’s late and I’m sure you don’t want him driving off the night before your wedding,” he joked again, nudging Cas slightly. Cas however, was lost in thought. He grinned as a plan began to form in his mind.
“Please suck my dick,” Dean said breathlessly. As soon as the words were out of his mouth Cas was sliding off his boxers and moving to position himself between the hunter’s legs. Dean whimpered slightly as Cas planted kisses along his inner thighs, pausing to nip and suck to create little marks as he did so. Each new feeling brought more noises of bliss from Dean, and Cas ate it up.
Cas shut his eyes as he thought of the times they had been without each other. Dean was the only home he had ever known.
“I’m exhausted,” Dean mumbled softly, “But my mind has other ideas, apparently. My head won’t shut the hell up.” The angel shifted slightly underneath the hunter.
“I could go to the kitchen and get you some tea, if you’d like,” Cas suggested.
He glanced up at Dean as he sang that line and saw the hunter was smiling too, eyes full of tears again.
“Yes.”
“Well, I remember you saying once that your mother used to sing to you, when you were young,” Cas paused as the hunter nodded his head, confirming the angel’s words. “You said it made you feel better, and it’s a happy memory for you. I thought I would learn one of the songs she used to sing to you, and maybe you would like that. I know some other songs too.” Cas blushed a little bit as Dean stayed quiet. Maybe he was overstepping. He glanced down at the guitar in his arms; maybe this had been a mistake. All of a sudden Dean’s lips were crashing into his in a swarm of passion, moving as if he needed the angel more than he needed to breathe. Cas reciprocated the intensity, reaching a hand up to thread in Dean’s hair. The hunter chuckled slightly into their kiss before pulling away.
He thought of how different everything had been back then, how different he had been.
“It’s okay, Dean. I know,” he smiled as he reached out to squeeze his fiancé’s hand. Everything Dean could say was written plainly on his face, and Cas was exceptional at reading him.
wanna fuck, but I kinda wanna keep on tradition standing. And I am dead tired anyway. Planning a wedding is so much work!”
,” he murmured into the kiss with a smile. “I’m never going to tire of calling you that.”
“Alright. This is the first song I learned to play, because it is the one you told me about Mary singing to you,” Cas’ fingers strummed the first few chords as Dean watched intently. His jaw just about fell off when Cas began to sing.
“You like this idea?” Cas questioned, still a bit unsure.
“Don’t wanna,” Cas grumbled, leaning back in for another kiss.
“Does tea make you sleepy?” Dean questioned.
“I can’t wait to marry you tomorrow,” Dean mumbled, his voice heavy with exhaustion.
He had an angel- his fiancé- in his bed, serenading him with a voice straight from heaven. Dean melted into the bed.
“It means, you look sexy as fuck holding a guitar and I’m a very lucky man,” Dean said with a smile that stretched ear to ear as he picked up his mug again. “Wait, when did you learn to play guitar anyway?”
“It’s always been official, babe,” Dean promised. “We never needed a wedding for that to be true.”
With a grunt, Dean rolled over to the other side of the bed- the side where the angel lay, legs lazily intertwined with his. Cas looked at him and smiled softly, taking the opportunity to pull him deeper into his arms. He planted a kiss on the top of the hunter’s head before whispering,
“Uh,” Dean bit his lower lip, “Not really, actually. Somehow I’m more awake now.”
This was the song they had chosen for their first dance as a married couple. Husbands. The thought made Cas smile as he played softly, not wanting to disturb the rest that Dean was finally succumbing to.
“Cas, this is the sweetest thing anyone has ever done for me. I
“Wanna know a secret about the instant pot?” Dean grinned, hands cupping Cas’ face and angling it so they were gazing fondly at each other. He leaned in close, lips brushing the tip of Cas’ ear, making him let out a tiny moan as Dean nipped softly at his earlobe. “It has a ‘keep warm’ function,” he whispered softly- as seductively as one could when talking about kitchen appliances. With a wild gasp Cas realized what that meant, and their lips were crashing into each other again with renewed fever. He reached around to grab hold of Dean and pulled him from the counter. Instead of setting him down, he kept Dean’s legs wrapped around his torso as he carried him hurriedly to their bedroom. The door slammed shut behind them as they collapsed onto the bed, tangled in each other, the air thick with love and want and need. They paid no attention to the time passing, simply enjoying the freedom and happiness of being with each other.
The fight was finally over, the war had finally been won. They had a chance at the real life that Dean craved, that he had been fighting tooth and nail for his entire life. The life he had died for over and over again. Happiness was just within reach. Cas was just within reach. And then it all slipped away, like sand through his fingers, and he was broken again. Dean was used to being broken over and over, but this was different. All the talk of destiny over the years had made him angry, but he only now admitted defeat. This was it, he was destined to be broken.
They spent the rest of the afternoon unwrapping various wedding gifts and enjoying each other’s company. They talked and laughed, and tears were shed over a few heartfelt cards and well-wishes from their friends and family. After several lifetimes worth of action and adventure, Dean and Cas were both completely content with spending their afternoons like this- blissed out on each other and the simple domesticity of the life they now led. The life they
” Dean cried out as he came, his body spasming in delight. Cas kept moving as his lover rode out his climax, sucking and licking until Dean was shaking. As the hunter’s twitching calmed down Cas sat up, planting a soft kiss right below his belly button. He grinned at the gasping mess in front of him.
“That was the idea, yes,” Cas smiled softly, “This was supposed to be a wedding present, but I suppose the night before works just as well.”
He quieted further as the hunter seemed to slip deeper into sleep, his voice barely above a gravely whisper now.
Now he was more confused than ever. Could Castiel really feel for him the same way he felt? Dean could hardly stand to think about that, the pain was too much. He used to think he could handle anything, but
“I thought you were going to sing for me,” he teased, and Cas noticed the glimmer of tears in his eyes.
The angel was cut off by Dean taking a sip of his still scalding hot tea and cursing loudly. “
“I believe this would fit in the ‘or something’ category,” Cas said as he pulled the visibly well-loved acoustic guitar from behind his back. Dean’s eyes widened as he took in the sight before him. Cas was sitting on the edge of his bed- their bed- wearing one of Dean’s old t-shirts and a pair of sweats that left little to the imagination. His hair was tousled and messy and his endless blue eyes were staring lovingly at Dean, and as if he couldn’t get more gorgeous now he was holding a
“Mhm, Charlie really outdid herself. Now all we have to do is wait!” Dean pulled away to place the lid on the new appliance, locking it into place. He flicked it on and leaned back into Cas, fingers finding his husbands belt loops and tugging him closer. “What should we do while we wait?” He winked before dipping his head down to plant soft kisses along Cas’ jaw. Cas sighed contentedly as he lifted his arms up to hold his husband.
Cas is back, but how? Is it too good to be true?
Eeeeep, I love these two!! I have lots of ideas for these two! Thanks for reading!
He finally reached his room and before he had gotten the door all the way open, he was sober again. He froze. Dean never froze. He was a hunter, a damn good one, and his reflexes were unmatched. But the sight before him rendered him unable to move. The air disappeared from his lungs and he could no longer feel his legs. Because right in front of him...standing
“I don’t think I know what you mean,” Cas admitted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“12 years of hopeless pining, if I’m remembering correctly,” Cas smirked.
“Let’s get to work then,” Dean replied with a grin. He loved cooking, and he especially loved cooking for his new husband. He paced around the kitchen finding the ingredients they needed, and set to work chopping and prepping everything. Cas stood propped up by the counter, watching his husband with a look of pride and reverence plastered across his face. Cas wasn’t skilled like Dean was in the kitchen, but he enjoyed watching the hunter work immensely, and he was overwhelmed with happiness watching the love of his life in his element. He stayed out of the way as Dean prepared their dinner, watching his skilled hands move effortlessly with precision. Dean looked up to meet Cas’ gaze as he dumped vegetables into the pot and a smile spread across his cheeks.
Dean could feel the anger bubbling in his chest. He had known there would be no reply, but every second that ticked by in complete silence was like a new dagger to the chest. He couldn’t take it anymore.
“This sounds easy enough,” Cas said, handing the recipe to his husband.
. Cas moaned at the thought, and Dean shivered from the vibrations. Cas continued bobbing his head slightly, focused on Dean’s reactions to his movements. The angel moved one hand up to hold the hunter’s hips still as they bucked wildly into his mouth. He sucked harder now, moving to take in more of Dean. Dean whimpered as he met the back of Cas’ throat, and he cried out when the angel swallowed around him.
“Yeah,” Dean gulped, “I’ll live,” he smiled.
Especially after discovering the ‘keep warm’ button. Thank you, Charlie!
Dean was a lot more vulnerable in his prayers than he could ever be face to face. Why not? It’s not like he had anything to lose anymore.
“Dean, I want to,” Cas looked deep into the hunter’s eyes with a soft expression, “Say yes.” He leaned in and pressed gently into a kiss- slow at first, but deepening quickly. Dean let out a soft moan as he melted into Cas, their lips locked together as the kiss heightened in passion. Cas moved his hand down to lightly palm Dean through his boxers, and that was all it took.
“Don’t wanna?” Dean giggled, placing a soft peck on his lips that made Cas whine for more. “You’re cute, you know that, sunshine?”
He ran his hands over his face again, clearing away the few rogue tears that had escaped his eyes. It was time to go to bed, he needed to sleep. Or try to sleep anyway. He rarely even got his standard four hours anymore, he was too consumed by grief. But he could try.
“I love you too,” Cas murmured back, “Meeting you truly was the ‘first day of my life’, Dean.” The angel spoke softly as he began strumming the guitar absentmindedly. Dean closed his eyes to stop his tears, and he let out a small yawn as he did.
“Okay then,” Dean couldn’t stop smiling. “So, are you going to serenade me then?”
“Dean?” Cas called out, wrinkling his eyes as he held the box gingerly “I think Charlie gave us a bomb as a wedding present.”
“Yeah, okay, you’re right,” Dean conceded, letting himself fall back onto the bed with a small sigh. “Hurry back,” he called after Cas with a grin.
“Feel better?” Cas asked, cocking one eyebrow.
He thought of the barn where they met officially. He thought of sparks flying and unparalleled energy- as if the universe had known right then that their meeting was of cosmic proportions.
“Yeah, I did say that,” Dean grumbled, “You’re right I guess.” He moved to roll over to try to fall asleep again, but Cas tightened his hold on him.
“Yes, I ran into Sam-”
“That’s the beauty of the instant pot, sunshine,” Dean wiggled his eyebrows at the former angel, “sounds like we just toss everything in and turn it on and wait.”
“Cas, I-” the hunter struggled for words.
“Shall I play to you while you fall asleep?” Cas asked quietly.
“Always,” Dean murmured, “Come here, angel,” he opened his arms as an invitation, which Cas immediately accepted. They lay wrapped in each other for a moment, kissing lazily.
Cas thought of when he first began learning this song- before they had even gotten together and the words had been mere hopes and dreams; wishes he didn’t think would ever be fulfilled. He had practiced so many times, imagining singing the words to Dean.
“I thought you said you couldn’t play any instruments?” Dean questioned with a smirk, taking a small sip of tea.
“I love it when you make pretty noises for me,” Cas mumbled against Dean’s skin, worshipping him from between his legs. He raised his head slightly to admire the purple marks he had made on Dean’s thighs. “So beautiful,” he whispered, using his tongue to lightly trace the shapes. Dean continued to moan softly as Cas continued, “I love seeing you like this, Dean,” he went back to planting soft kisses, moving further up now. “So beautiful, so deliciously
“It’s for me too, babe. I can’t wait to marry you, nerves be damned,” Dean tried to pull Cas in for a kiss, but the angle was awkward because of the object the angel still held behind his back. “Er, whatcha got there, buddy?” Dean asked, trying to sneak a peek.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, pulling away slightly. “Isn’t there more to do? I thought you were hungry?” Dean smiled again- marriage was turning him into a cheesy sap.
“Remind me to send Charlie a thank you,” Dean said in between bites, already digging into the steaming hot stew. “Dinner completely ready right after sex with my gorgeous hubby?” He wiggled his eyebrows as Cas blushed, “I could get used to this.” Cas smiled at him over his own bowl- the stew really was quite good.
“I’ve been watching humanity a long time, Dean. I picked up a few things,” Cas stated simply.
“Cas,” Dean whimpered out, “‘m close,” the hunter twitched and wriggled even more as he panted and moaned. Cas loosened his grip on Dean’s hips as he let him thrust into his mouth, opening his throat as much as he could and humming in delight at his fiancé’s pleasure.
“Me too,” he agreed quietly, reaching one hand out to rest on Dean’s thigh. They are together in silence- enjoying the warm meal and each other’s presence. This wasn’t a gift they would be forgetting any time soon.
Dean had, in fact, seen Cas’ ass in those. And he thought that keeping them was an absolutely fine plan.
Dean cleared his throat. “I’m not,” he replied shortly, laying out the sleeping bag. He ignored the rustling behind him, focused on making the sleeping bag align perfectly with the bed. When he finally turned around, his heart fell into his stomach.
Cas looked at Dean with wide eyes and Dean took the cue, army crawling under the bed.
The cottage was waiting for them, like always. Cas dropped into his chair and pulled out the comic books Dean had let him borrow. Cas started talking about the books, which ones were his favorite, which ones he needed sequels to, the works. But try as he might, Dean couldn’t quite listen. He found himself analyzing every little thing about Cas.
“What?”
Castiel put a hand to his head. “Regretfully so. I feel like I crossed quite a few of your personal boundaries.”
Dean laughed, peppering kisses across Cas’ neck and jaw. “I saw your face when you were talking to Lisa. You don’t have to get jealous, baby, you know I’m all yours.” Cas didn’t respond, Dean taking that as a prompt to continue going. “Y’know, I like seeing you all protective though, I will admit. It’s kinda hot.” Cas let out a whimper and Dean grinned.
He sits on the edge of his bed as he considers this. Feelings are…unsafe. At least with Alastair he doesn’t have to worry about getting his heart broken. Broken ego and bones, sure, but those are less painful and heal quicker. Those he can deal with.
“Y’know,” Castiel murmurs next to Dean’s ear, making him shiver, “it’s not very polite to eavesdrop.”
Castiel leans over Dean’s back and applies the first touch to his lower back, smoothing the ointment onto the cuts and lightly massaging it into his skin. Dean grunts and groans, feeling his muscles relax fully as Castiel gently kneads out the knots and slowly works up to the more severe cuts.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says when Dean takes the seat next to him at the bar.
Castiel smiles at him when Dean places his foot back in his grasp. He places a kiss to the top of Dean’s foot and then places it back on the bed only to start the process again with his other leg, kissing his toes and working his way up back to his thigh.
When Dean comes out of the bathroom he hears hushed voices coming from a room just down the hall. He’s about to go back downstairs, but he hears Castiel’s voice. He creeps closer and hears Castiel say, “He was acting differently after I came back, so you obviously said
“May I?” Castiel asks, looking pointedly at Dean’s menu.
“I can’t expect you to let me live here forever,” Dean barrels on, “And I want to be able to help out with bills and groceries and stuff—”
“There’s a convention happening in the city next month, we should totally go.”
It brings a smile to Dean’s lips watching Castiel dip his fingers back in to scoop more dough out.
“We need to talk about our relationship.” The breath shudders from Castiel’s chest as he watches Dean sink to his knees in front of him.
Dean’s brows knit together, but he relaxes his jaw again and just lets the spit build up, resisting the urge to swallow and focusing on breathing through his nose.
Hearing Castiel call him his boyfriend still sends sparks of joy erupting within him. He hopes that feeling never goes away.
“Maybe a lingerie set as well,” Castiel says as he eyes a red lace outfit on a nearby mannequin. “Or a corset.”
“Plus,” Castiel continues, “When you go deep into subspace sometimes it’s hard to think or form words, which is one of the reasons why I think it’s important that Doms have a safeword as well. If I think you’re in distress but too far gone to know how much is too much and safeword, I can call it out and end the scene.”
“You’re welcome. Now, you’re on the clock, get to work already.”
“Go pick a movie while I make the popcorn.” Dean waves Castiel towards the living room.
“Huh,” is all Dean says as he turns back to the computer to mark humiliation down as a hard limit. With that knowledge in mind, he adds fisting, strait-jackets, blood play, and ice play to his hard limit list as well. He can always change them later.
“What’s going on?”
choose Taboo!” Hannah protests.
Dean’s been awake for the past hour now though and he’d slept nearly to noon. His stomach is grumbling angrily at him to get some food, but for the past five minutes he’s just stood staring at the wood grain of the door of his temporary room.
The man’s eyebrows raise and he says, “Passion Pit.”
The man glances at the other patrons in the club, frowning at the sight before him. “I can assure you I know exactly what kind of establishment this is.”
“Just—talk—talk to—me.” Dean speaks between sobs, broken off by hiccups, “Please.”
He sifts through his memories, trying to pinpoint the man from the shop today, but he doesn’t remember and only succeeds in dredging up the past he would have preferred to keep locked away.
Dean stands still as Castiel works, entranced by his skilled fingers as they slide over the ends of the rope and tie four more knots down Dean’s chest in even intervals.
Dean signals the bartender for another beer as he tips back the dregs of his current one. A pleasant buzz settles over him, washing away his nerves and lighting his skin on fire. He can feel sweat beginning to pool at his back and trickle down his scalp. The air in the club is thick and stale. He glances over his shoulder, eyes scanning the crowd.
That plan wasn’t working out very well, in Dean’s opinion. He had been left exactly the opposite of satisfied for some time. Even now he can feel the need, a constant itch just under the surface of his skin. Rubbing one out in the shower the other day didn’t help, either. He thought it would ease some of the tension but he needs more, needs Castiel to take him apart. And he needs it soon or he thinks he might go insane.
“I have to. I’ll only be away for four days.”
Dean looks away from the split lip Castiel is sporting, away from the bruise on his cheek. He’s responsible for that. He’s the one that got Castiel hurt. “I don’t know, I—”
Castiel laughs. “We should start playing for real money if he keeps winning like this.”
Castiel reluctantly pulls away and follows Dean’s gaze. When the woman sees their eyes on her she quickly looks away. “Do you think she gets off on watching strangers make out?” Castiel asks, voice low.
“Castiel,” Dean moans. “Please let me come.”
The hallway of doors leading to the private rooms isn’t far and Castiel makes it there without incident, but stops in his tracks when he realizes he doesn’t know which one Dean is in. It looks like the rooms are only locked by deadbolts, not number pads like at most other clubs, so theoretically Castiel could force his way into a room without the key.
“You’re going to be the death of me,” Dean groans, unable to tear his eyes away.
Castiel imitates answering a phone. “How is Dean’s performance? Extremely captivating. His body is Adonis-like and he’s quite skilled at performing oral sex. Always takes initiative.”
Castiel maintains eye contact as he slowly raises the handful of popcorn and shoves it into his mouth.
CAS: If you be a good boy now the punishment will be being locked in a cock cage for a week.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s feet are aching when he finally gets home and all he wants to do is sink into the couch, but it was still a good day. He has a job—a job he thinks he could be pretty good at once he gets the hang of it—and he’ll be bringing in steady money pretty soon.
As Dean walks to the stage he feels the anxiety that’s been simmering in his gut all night claw its way up into his throat. He’s been doing this for so long that it should be routine by now, but every week he’s just as nervous as the last, though that only lasts until the music starts. He stands in the center of the small stage and takes a deep breath, waiting for the song to begin.
“My parents named all their children after angels.”
Dean looks from his wrists to Castiel who holds a square box.
Movement in one of the windows catches Dean’s attention. The curtain is pushed aside and a man peers out at them, waving excitedly. Castiel waves back and gets out of the car, leaving Dean no choice but to follow after him.
“So, I get the feeling you don’t come here often?”
“Sorry, sir, just one second.” Tessa hands Dean his coffee.
He imagines Castiel taking the flogger to his backside, bruising every inch of his skin black and blue so that every time he sits down, every time he moves, he can feel the ache of the marks on him.
Dean slides down the length as far as he can and rests for a moment, letting the weight of Castiel settle on his tongue and just feeling. He exhales deeply through his nose and thinks maybe he should take the laptop back and mark cock warming higher on his list of curiosities. It’s definitely something he wants to try.
Over the sound of his own ragged breathing Castiel can hear Dean gasping for breath, choking and coughing like an avid smoker with only one lung. Even from the other side of the room Castiel can see the angry redness on Dean’s neck from how hard he’s pulling away from the unrelenting chain. He snaps out of his momentary stillness. If Dean keeps it up he’s going to hurt himself…more than he already has.
“Mmm, what was that, Dean?”
Castiel keeps stroking him in time with his thrusts. The tears roll down Dean’s cheeks now, the pressure within him needing to find any kind of relief.
Castiel smiles at him and lifts the collar out of the box. He leans forward to wrap it around Dean’s neck, the clink of the buckle making Dean shiver as Castiel fastens it just tight enough to feel the comforting weight of it rest against his throat.
The apartment isn’t what Dean had expected from Castiel. When Castiel had driven into this part of the city Dean had expected priceless paintings and chic furniture that cost more than his car. What he found instead is a mishmash of different styles and patterns, as if Castiel couldn’t decide on just one when he was decorating.
with him. He’s content with that conclusion and goes back to rolling dough in his hands, his cookies dwarfed next to Castiel’s giants.
“Sure. Whatever,” Dean mumbles under his breath. Not quietly enough, apparently, because Castiel takes a step towards him and grips his chin, forcing him to lift his head and meet Castiel’s eye. Dean’s breath stutters out of his chest as Castiel stares him down.
Castiel is the first to get moving. He sits up on the mattress, the movement jostling Dean.
“Really great, actually. I thought she would be mad at me for dropping her and especially for choosing Alastair over her and everyone else. But she was just happy that I reached out. We had coffee and caught up. She has a wife now. A wife and a house and I missed all of it.”
“I don’t need someone keeping tabs on me.”
“Of course.” Castiel reaches down and pulls Dean up until he’s sitting in his lap.
He goes to the bathroom to clean himself up, tossing the panties into the laundry hamper on his way out of the bedroom. After he’s put the collar and cuffs back in the closet, Dean comes back to his phone to find a text from Castiel.
“You’ll just have to wait and see.” Castiel smiles as he sips his beer.
Dean learns some things about Castiel’s past.
Castiel turns back to the show he was watching and Dean pokes the spaghetti around on his plate, his stomach gurgling unhappily.
“Things could be different now, though. They’ve had years to sort out their feelings. Perhaps if you reach out now they’ll feel differently after losing you from their lives.”
Castiel stands at the foot of the bed watching Dean. He looks amazing in his dark suit and crooked tie, with his hair as messy as always, sticking up in every direction. Actually, it’s messier than usual, Dean notes, and there are dark bags under Castiel’s eyes.
Have a happy winter break and see you in the new year!!
Dean complies, resting his head on his arms and settling into the well-worn cushions, and Castiel climbs onto the couch to straddle his legs. The material of his slacks graze against Dean’s bare thighs and it’s too much on his sensitive skin. He shifts to get more comfortable, but his legs are trapped and his chest tightens with the realization that he’s immobilized underneath the weight of a stranger, secluded in the back of a seedy BDSM club.
“Stand still.” Castiel swats Dean lightly on the thigh in reprimand. “I’m not even close to being done yet.”
“Fuck it,” he says out loud.
Dean’s voice rises in anger. “So, what then? I just hole up in your apartment for…how long? A week? A month? Because if I know anything about Alastair it’s that he hates losing, and hates being made a fool of. Even if he stops looking for me he won’t forget. If he ever sees me again I’m as good as dead, and the city’s only so big; we’re bound to run into each other eventually.”
“’m not,” Dean protests into his arm.
All movement stops abruptly, the participants not sure what to make of the crazed-looking man with wild eyes and even wilder hair poised on the edge of the stage.
“No,” Castiel says, “No buts. I can tell you with certainty that you helped mold Sam into the man he is today, and that’s an incredible thing, especially considering the amount of responsibility on your shoulders as a child yourself.”
https://www.theduchy.com/karada/#1538169225517-d2ca6e8f-82e93a62-eebb
“Cas, I love you. And I love what we do together. But I…sometimes you’re too gentle with me. I like to be hurt during sex and I’ve been missing that lately.”
Dean points him in the right direction and waits until the door shuts to go to his room and clean himself up. He shucks off his soiled clothes and wishes he had a real bedroom with a door and some privacy. He wipes himself down hastily with his already disgusting underwear before pulling on a pair of sweatpants, mulling over what just happened, how Castiel made him feel safe and unsure at the same time. It was both scary and exhilarating. They haven’t even had sex yet, haven’t known each other for even a week and already Dean is falling for him.
Castiel’s hand pumps Dean in a steady rhythm, slowly working him back up, pushing him closer to the edge of release. He licks at Dean’s nipple again before wrapping his lips around it and sucking, using just a hint of teeth.
“You didn’t hear the crack when your head hit the floor,” Dean pouts. His voice is low and grumbly, like he’d set up a blender inside his own throat.
He’s gone back and forth in his head too many times to count the past few days: stay with Alastair, or finally bite the bullet and leave, hope Castiel will forgive him and see where the relationship leads. He’s picked up his phone to text or call Castiel multiple times, but never follows through.
“Just tell me if anything changes.”
Dean’s fingers find their way to Castiel’s hair, smoothing over his scalp, and he relaxes into the touch until he realizes what Dean is doing.
“Then probably yesterday at some point.”
“Dean, stop.” Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist and pulls his hand away from his shirt.
It’s been days since poker night but Dean still can’t get past what Meg said. The conversation between Meg and Castiel bounces around in his brain until he has a near-constant headache. Even the job searching doesn’t distract him from it.
“You don’t have to wear it,” Castiel says and his fingers twitch to close the lid of the box.
In the springtime, there are deer along the trail, but it’s still too cold for them right now in the dense forest. Dean thinks this would be the perfect place for a picnic when the weather is nice. They could pack a nice lunch and sprawl out in a patch of sun to enjoy the afternoon.
“Cas, what’s up?” Dean questions as they wait for the elevator.
The rest of the afternoon is spent in relative, comfortable silence with light music drifting from the laptop speakers as Castiel reads his book and Dean attempts to make the computer run a little smoother. He deletes nearly all the icons on the desktop after showing Castiel how to find the programs and then makes a ‘bookmarks’ page for him. It’s nice having a project to keep him occupied.
“Ah, so you lied.” Castiel steps forward until he’s in Dean’s space.
“Dean, stop.” Castiel pulls Dean’s head back slowly until the dildo slips past his lips.
Dean waits and tries not to move around too much on the wet blankets. His only focus is the constant ache of his backside and the fact that it means he failed his Master. It feels like forever before Alastair returns, his weight jostling the mattress as he sits down.
“He tells me everything, you know.”
Reading the look on Dean’s face, Doctor Pavlovská adds, “Or not. Dean, I’m not here to tell you what to do, y’know. I don’t know everything.”
Dean told himself he would talk to Castiel about it today, but he’s been home from work for nearly an hour and still Dean hasn’t mustered up the courage to start the conversation.
“Dean, it’s fine.”
A pit of uneasiness settles in Dean’s stomach and he decides he needs to get Castiel out of his apartment as quickly as possible.  He needs to put aside his selfishness. He can’t risk Castiel getting hurt because of him.
He showers until the water runs cold and the fog from the mirror has long since faded. He’s shivering when he finally steps onto the plush bath mat, but he still doesn’t feel clean.
“Listen, Cas,” Dean starts, rubbing at the back of his neck nervously.
Castiel chuckles as he sits back up. Dean’s positive the way he rubs his ass over Dean’s cock is entirely intentional, done just to torture him.
“Stand up,” Castiel says, his tone soothing. It’s the opposite of what Dean wants.
Dean huffs a laugh and pulls Castiel into a kiss. “Yeah, that’s doable. But, Cas? No more buying me stuff, okay?”
“Kiss me,” Dean says, his throat tight.
Rough hands grip Dean under the arms. He groans in protest, but he’s too tired and too defeated to put up a fight as he’s dragged across the club.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles again, berating himself for not even being able to do this small thing correctly for Castiel.
Dean never plans anything for these performances. He had tried before; he came up with a routine and practiced at home, but once he got on stage he ended up overthinking every move, and the entire show was a disaster. So now he lets the organizer pick the song of the week and just feels the music, letting himself go and moving to the rhythm.
“Hey, didn’t think you’d be here tonight.”
Dean isn’t sure how long it’s been since he decided to kneel here. The ache in his knees had faded to the back of his mind long ago. They’re numb now, prickling with pins and needles with each tiny shift in position. But Castiel is home, that’s all that matters now.
“Yeah, but I was supposed to be on the clock. You’re not paying me to sit on my ass and chat with friends.”
“I know,” Castiel says gently, “It was an accident. It’s not your fault. It’s okay.”
Dean extends his hand to shake Garth’s, but instead he’s pulled into a tight hug. It surprises him; Garth is a lot stronger than his appearance would suggest.
He wants to laugh; he hasn’t had a make-out session this dirty since he was a teenager and he came in his pants. God, he’s been missing out. He sighs Castiel’s name and thinks belatedly that he’s pretty close to coming in his pants right now, drying humping Castiel’s leg.
Dean decides.
Alastair hasn’t called Dean to his apartment either and Dean finds himself wishing, for once, that he had at least the distraction of Alastair’s whip, his flogger, anything. His skin itches; he needs to be punished for how he treated Castiel, but he can’t—won’t—reach out to Alastair and he doesn’t know any other Doms. He doesn’t want any Dom other than Castiel and that thought only makes Dean ache for punishment that much more.
“It’s okay, I’ll get you there.”
“What?”
“You think I’m a threat to Cas?”
She scoffs. “I’ll be fine. Are you all right to get home by yourself? Do you need to call someone to pick you up?”
“I liked the things Alastair did to me,” Dean confesses. “I mean, not all the time, and definitely not most of the stuff closer to the end, but between scenes all I could think about was the next time I’d get to see him, the next time he would call on me.” Dean pauses, wincing at his own words.
The lights are set low and intimate, casting a glow around Castiel that brightens his eyes and makes Dean’s breath catch. He’s not sure he’s seen eyes so wonderfully intense as Castiel’s; it shocks him every time.
Dean dunks one into the creamy dipping sauce and pushes the entire length into his mouth, eyes on Castiel the entire time. His cheeks heat at the suggestiveness of it, but it’s damn well worth it to see Castiel’s reaction. He shifts in his seat as he watches Dean, eyes widening, tongue coming out to wet his pink, soft-looking lips.
“You’re more dishevelled than usual.” That elicits a smile from Castiel and Dean can’t help but return it. He leans closer, the plush mattress threatening to tip him as he shifts his weight to place a gentle kiss to Castiel’s lips.
Dean blushes and shakes his head. He can’t tell Castiel that he wants to be broken down to nothing until the only thing he knows is Castiel. He wants to be taken to that delicious floating place where he doesn’t have to think, where there’s no stress, where there’s nothing.
The rest of the ride to Castiel’s apartment is passed in silence. When Castiel parks the car he glances at Dean, his face still pressed to the glass, shallow breaths making puffs of fog on the window.
“Are you using it now?”
Please don’t hate me too much for treating Dean so poorly.
“I’ll warn you now: I will not tolerate insolent behaviour. You will show me some respect.”
Being on stage is familiar now, but his stomach still churns as he slips his clothes off. It’s not getting naked in front of the crowd that bothers him; it’s the anticipation of what he knows is to come.
Castiel answers with a hum that vibrates through Dean’s chest.
Dean nods again.
He suddenly can’t breathe. Dean chokes on the plastic in his mouth as he sobs, his vision blurring with tears even as he continues to suck on the dildo, digging his nails into his palms and slobber spilling down his chin and coating his chest.
“I like how it feels,” Deans says. “Makes me feel…secure.”
“Better?” Castiel asks when the glass is empty. Dean looks back at him, at the genuine concern etched into his features, but quickly lowers his gaze.
Dean licks his lips. “Impala.”
It’s simple, just a thick strip of brown leather with a D-ring on the front to clip a leash onto and a buckle at the back, both gold and shiny. Dean bites his lip, wondering what it will feel like around his neck.
CAS: Not only are you disobeying me and continuing to be a distraction while I’m working, but now you’re also deliberately flaunting the fact that you’re breaking the rules.
He blinks up at Castiel slowly.
They fall into a conversation about the recipes Dean first learned to make and how he’s altered them throughout the years. Dean dishes out two bowls of steaming soup and cuts off generous hunks of bread while Castiel sets the table.
He needs to atone for what he’s done, and if no one else will then Dean’s going to take matters into his own hands.
He looks around for his clothes and finds them sitting folded on the coffee table. He reaches out and grabs his pants, but when he tries to stand up his legs shake, the room tilts, and he falls back to the couch. He sighs and shimmies into his jeans while sitting on the couch.
Castiel doesn’t leave him waiting for long. Dean’s barely settled in his position when Castiel comes out of his bedroom. Dean listens to the soft padding of his feet across the hardwood floor until Castiel is in front of him, sinking into the couch and placing a leg on either side of Dean, boxing him in.
The worst of the morning rush is coming to an end so Dean busies himself with wiping down the machines and countertops while he has the chance.
For good measure, Dean secures the matching leather cuffs as well, growing hard as he secures the last buckle and lies back in bed to take more pictures.
“Yes,” Dean moans, “yes, I’m so close.”
CAS: If you make me get an erection during this meeting there will be hell to pay, Dean.
He loses track of time, of how many dicks have been in his ass, in his mouth, thrust against every part of his body, but he's eventually let out of the restraints.
As soon as Dean feels the touch on his skin he throws being polite out the window. He grasps the man’s wrist and twists, forcing his arm behind his back harshly. The man swears and tries to swing at Dean with his other arm, but Dean bends him forward, using the man’s own weight to keep him off balance.
Dean grumbles in protest. He doesn’t want Castiel to take away the comfort of the rope yet, but his limbs are mush and he lies boneless with his face smushed into the mattress, letting Castiel do as he pleases.
“I’ll just put a check mark next to ‘irritability.’”
He watches Castiel in the mirror as his face scrunches up again, but all he says is, “Oh. Uh, yes, add it to the pile, then.”
Dean moves through the list slowly. Most things he’s tried, or is at least aware of, but a couple of times he has to ask Castiel for clarification and it makes him feel insecure. He’s not new to this; he should know what these things are. But Castiel just calmly takes the time to explain everything and make sure Dean understands.
Dean lies still, fighting the urge to curl his legs up to protect against Alastair. He knows by disobeying his Master he only causes himself more pain, but he can’t bring himself to spread his legs. His ass is too sore for anything Alastair might have planned.
Dean groans when Pavlovská remains quiet, sitting across from him patiently. “Not great,” he admits.
Dean jolts forward as the thought crosses his mind, shocked he would even consider that.
He supposes even having Castiel in his mouth is a win.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles, “You shouldn’t have to do this, I should be able to take care of myself. You barely even know me.” His throat is dry and talking hurts. He remembers screaming as Alastair whipped him, and the memory of it sends nausea rolling through him.
Castiel chuckles again and pulls Dean up from the countertop. “You really are insatiable,” he says and kisses Dean chastely.
“Up,” Castiel orders, offering a hand to Dean to help him stand.
“Stop moving your hips.” Castiel positions his body away so Dean ruts up into nothing a few times before finally stilling and resting back against the counter.  “Good. Now breathe deeply,” Castiel instructs. He rucks Dean’s shirt up until it’s bunched under his arms. “Focus on your body, on the pleasure coursing through you.”
“I have something to show you.” Castiel doesn’t elaborate even when Dean pesters him the entire length of the elevator ride down to the parking garage.
The webpage has an extensive list of kinks ranging from all assortments of gags to impact play to any kind of restraints you could think of, and then some.
“Yeah, I’m still trying to sort out what I want to do.”
Dean’s hand goes for his keys, but his fingers only brush against the fabric lining the pocket of his borrowed jacket.
“I’m sorry, Master,” Dean bites out. His nails dig into his palms to keep from prying the harsh fingers from his hair.
“Are you asking me to break off the arrangement I have with Alastair?”
Dean made him feel uncertain, made him nervous the way he used to feel talking to his crush in high school. He felt giddy with excitement whenever a text chimed on his phone, or whenever he got the privilege of seeing Dean’s face light up in true, unbridled happiness.
The thought of Dean wearing his clothes sends butterflies fluttering through Castiel’s chest and he sits at the edge of his bed, wondering how Dean has managed to squeeze his way into his life so firmly.
“Safe,” Dean confesses, looking up at Castiel through his lashes.
Dean thinks on it a moment and Castiel sits up straighter, forcing Dean to sit up with him, He turns around on the cushion to look at Castiel, staring back at him with wide eyes.
“It’s not about following the recipe. I mean, it is, but…” Dean trails off and shrugs, “I don’t know how to explain it.” He pauses. “I could teach you some recipes sometime, if you want?”
“Aren’t we done yet?” Dean’s arms are beginning to ache under the weight of so many bags.
“Just warn a guy next time, will ya?”
“It was fine. We mostly talked about Alastair.”
Dean lets his head fall back into the pillows and groans.
Dean follows only seconds later, Castiel’s name falling from his lips as the pain of teeth in his shoulder tips him over the edge.
I’m soooo stoked and I’m already learning so much about how to actually write a novel. Which, hello, shouldn’t they teach you that stuff when you’re getting a freakin’ writing degree? Cause no one taught me.
Castiel looks puzzled, eyebrows drawing together as he looks at Dean, and then he glances at the computer perched on Dean’s lap and chuckles. “Dean, I’m fine. Really.”
“Have you ever considered….talking to somebody about Alastair?”
He’s so glad they got their test results back from the clinic a couple of days ago. Holding the envelope in his hands had been nerve-wracking, but both he and Castiel are clean. Which means Dean gets to fully experience having Castiel’s dick in his mouth. Finally.
“Dean?”
The fingers withdraw and Dean’s manhandled around the stage, stumbling off-balance with his arms bound behind his back until he’s standing beside a leather bench with straps along the side and a ribbed dildo sticking out of the top. Dean’s breath hitches as he takes it in, positive that he isn’t stretched nearly enough to accommodate something that big in his ass.
Castiel hums.
Dean yelps at the sudden sharp pain in his groin where Alastair tugs at him. He tries to move away from it, but Alastair is pressed up against his back with an arm wrapped around his middle so Dean has nowhere to go.
“I can’t decide.” Castiel turns to Dean and holds up
It’s different with Castiel. Dean sleeps easier with Castiel curled up around him. Now, though, he’s grown so used to Castiel next to him that it’s impossible for him to sleep alone.
The strong fingers still and Castiel sighs. “You are, Dean. I watched as that man abused you, and you still laid everything bare on that stage. You are so trusting—maybe too trusting—and it pains me to see that taken advantage of by a man that doesn’t deserve the beauty of your submission.”
“I’ve got a bitch of a headache from this hangover,” Alastair grumbles, popping a handful of pills into his mouth and washing them down with half a glass of whatever drink he just finished mixing. He sidles up to Dean and whispers in his ear, “I thought my little slut might be a good distraction today.”
“It’s fine, Dean. I want to treat you.” Castiel rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder, his voice rumbling through both of them when he speaks. “Now, what do you feel like eating?”
Dean sinks to his knees without a second thought. He knows how to do this, is very familiar with this position. He spreads his knees slightly and brings his arms to rest at the small of his back, and lowers his head.
“Fuck!” Dean screams, “fuck, fuck, fuck.” Tears leak out the corner of his eyes with the effort of holding back his orgasm.
He darts from the room before the tears fall, blinking rapidly and wiping at his eyes to clear his blurry vision enough to find his clothes in a pile on the kitchen floor and get dressed before fleeing the apartment.
They’re sharing the bathroom sink the next night as they get ready for bed when Castiel sheepishly asks, “Can I sleep in your bed again tonight?”
“Dean? I thought you worked until close tonight.”
Dean can’t help but rock his hips, seeking the firmness of Castiel’s body, sweet friction, something,
“I understand. How about you text or call me when you want to talk. Until then I won’t try to contact you. I don’t want you to feel pressured, and this way you’ll have as much time as you need to think things through.”
Looking up through his lashes at Castiel, Dean opens his mouth wider and sticks out his tongue to brush against the tip.
He’s going to kill Doctor Pavlovská for suggesting he reach out to some friends. He followed her advice and now he’s going to get stood up, left sitting alone vibrating with nerves until his shift starts.
Castiel catches Dean’s eye and says, “I am not leaving here without you.”
All of the lights in the apartment are off and Dean has to keep a hand on the wall so he doesn’t run into anything as his eyes adjust to the sudden darkness. He follows the sounds of cupboards banging shut and the faucet running to find Alastair in the equally dark kitchen, fixing himself a drink.
“Gonna come in your pants? That’s so hot, so—shit—” Castiel’s hips stutter and he inhales on a low, rumbling chuckle. “God, look at us. You’re driving me absolutely crazy.”
“I’m okay now. Sorry to bother you over nothing, especially because—”
He makes sure to stay out of Tessa’s way as he’s not actually supposed to be behind the counter when he’s not working, but he didn’t want to clog up the line.
“It’s so nice to meet you. I’m glad you stopped hogging Cas all to yourself. We haven’t seen him in so long.”
“Okay, I can do that.” Dean focuses on Castiel’s voice as he starts talking about his day at work. “I was supposed to have a meeting this morning, but it got pushed back so I had to miss my lunch break so I’m just trying to slip away now to find something to eat, and…”
“We’re not doing anything intense,” Dean pouts.
“What, you can’t go another round? We’ve still got like a half hour before the food gets here.”
“That’s like the fourth hand in a row you’ve won.” Bess places her cards down, one card shy of a full house. “Cas, you’re not allowed to bring him anymore if he keeps winning.”
“That’s impressive.”
“Spread your legs or I’ll spread them for you and punish you for disobeying your Master.”
Castiel’s hands move lower, palming at the globes of Dean’s ass and spreading them apart. He pulls on a knot tied at the small of Dean’s back, making him arch into it as the rope pulls tight against his hole.
“You don’t need to be alone, Dean.” Castiel’s voice is barely a whisper but it sounds razor sharp in Dean’s ears. “Not everyone is as corrupt as Alastair. There is good in the world. There is hope.”
“And what, little whore,” Alastair sneers, “makes you think that decision is yours to make?” Dean shouts and tries to wrench himself free of the iron-strong hold Alastair has him in, back pressed flush to his chest so all the thrashing in the world won’t do him any good.
Dean does as he’s told and groans when he leans over. The rope rubs and pulls deliciously against his skin. He rests on his forearms and raises his ass in the air, shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
Castiel nods slowly. “He had been hurt in a past relationship and I was the…rebound, I guess you could call it. I thought we were in love, but what Alfie felt for me wasn’t love. Well, I suppose it was a kind of love, but he didn’t love me the way I loved him. By the time he figured that out a year had passed and I was already planning a future with him.”
“Meg said you were trying to help him? But you ended up getting hurt in the end?”
“So not exactly your dream job, then.”
With everything Castiel wanted to talk about covered and the incident with the mesh shirt earlier—not to mention the whole new assortment of panties he got today to model for Castiel—Dean was sure that they would do a scene later that night after they got home. He’s been craving it desperately. So he can’t help but be a little disappointed when they spend the night on the couch.
“She’s the best. You know how people always say they found their better half?”
Charlie sticks her tongue out at Dean on her way out.
Castiel places his own hand over Dean’s and smiles softly. “Okay.”
He wants to make breakfast in bed for Castiel, wants to stay up all night talking and go for walks down the forest trails at the edge of the city. He wants to show Castiel how to make his favourite dishes, wants to meet his family, wants to have movie marathons and share theories about Vonnegut books.
Castiel mouths at the inside of Dean’s thigh, licking and biting the tender flesh. The headboard creaks under the crushing grip Dean has on it. He pulls against it when Castiel sucks a bruise into his thigh, his nose brushing against Dean’s groin.
The kettle has just finished boiling when Castiel appears hovering at the threshold of the kitchen. His pants are done up, but his shirt remains wrinkled and untucked.
“I will not touch myself or come without your permission. I will not lie.”
Dean stays silent, not wanting to get in any more trouble than he’s in already.
Alastair is the actual worst and yeah things for Dean definitely get worse before they get better I’m so sorry
As breakfast progresses Castiel comes to life more and by the time they’re loading the dishwasher he’s giving Dean more than one-word answers and actually contributing to the conversation.
Dean pulls Castiel’s face away from his neck and kisses wetly along his jawline, making his way slowly back to his lips. They pause for a moment, staring into each other’s eyes, breathing hard, before their tongues meet again. A growl reverberates through Castiel’s chest when Dean grabs his ass and pulls him down, grinding up at the same time.
“I’ll just be…out there,” Castiel hooks a thumb over his shoulder, “if you need anything.”
“Cas?” Dean calls, but the apartment remains silent. He must still be at work, but it’s late and Dean’s tired, so he shuffles to bed, leaving dinner on the table, cold and forgotten.
“Amnesia surrounding the traumatic event.”
The voice follows him as he drives down the busy city streets, white-knuckling the steering wheel as he goes.
He jumps when his phone buzzes loudly on the coffee table. Maybe Castiel had decided to text after all. Dean’s stomach does a little flip at the thought. He picks it up and looks at the message. But it’s not Castiel. Alastair’s name glows on his screen with the message “Be here in twenty” underneath. Dean sighs but puts his cereal bowl in the sink before slinking off to get changed.
Dean licks his lips and watches Castiel’s eyes track the movement. “Okay,” he agrees reluctantly, “Let’s talk.” He pushes up off the floor and hears Castiel’s shaky exhale as he brushes past. While he’s happy knowing how much he affected Castiel, Dean’s much more worried about what, exactly, this talk will entail.
“How long have you been waiting like this?”
“You will eat at least two meals a day. They don’t have to be big meals, but your eating habits aren’t healthy. And I want you to text me when you eat telling me what you’re eating.”
“Better than you letting me stay here out of pity—”
Dean walks into the club half an hour early after sitting in the parking lot, gripping the steering wheel tightly and trying to calm his nerves for fifteen minutes. Tonight wasn’t going to be easy. He came to a decision on the short drive to the club and he’s run through different scripts in his head so many times he’s sure as soon as he opens his mouth a jumble of words is going to tumble out.
“Hell yeah.” Dean brightens. Some of his anxiety seeps away at the reassurance that Castiel wants him both as a boyfriend and submissive.
Just a little bit longer, Dean tells himself, fighting to stay as still as possible as he waits for Castiel to find him.
Dean reaches for his phone from where he’s been sprawled on the couch staring at the same patch of smooth ceiling for the better part of an hour, but there’s still no response from Castiel.
Two of Alastair’s henchmen are arranging Dean into position in the center of the stage where wooden stocks have been secured to the floor. One holds Dean still while the other opens the stocks and then he’s being bent over at the waist until his neck and wrists are resting in the open semi-circles. The top half of the wooden contraption is quickly closed over him and latched into place.
“You have nothing to be sorry for.” Castiel waits, and when Dean doesn’t say anything and won’t meet his eyes he presses, “Okay?”
“I don’t want you to move out if you get a job. I want you to live here. With me.” Dean is still silent, so Castiel pulls him closer and brushes their lips together as he speaks. “Dean Winchester, will you move in with me?”
He broke one of Castiel’s few rules. More than that: he broke his trust. He lied to Castiel and disappointed not only his Dom, but his boyfriend. He deserves this punishment. He deserves to hurt more than a mere spanking.
“I got in a lot of trouble at school, the usual teenage rebellion stage, y’know? But straightened out when I realized it would affect Sammy’s life. Worked my ass off to get high enough grades to make it into college so I could help provide for Sam. He’s so damn smart. Smartest kid I’ve ever met. Didn’t even need me to help him out: he got himself a full ride. Universities were practically fighting over him.”
CAS: You can help it and you will stop now before you earn yourself even more punishment when I get home.
“I’m sorry for ignoring you these past few days. It was unintentional; work has been hectic.” Castiel shakes his head and the crease between his brows is back. “But that still doesn’t excuse my behaviour.”
Castiel frowns. “So if I wanted to strap you to a St. Andrew’s cross and whip you: that would be pleasurable for you?”
They lie together for a while, content in the silence between them as they come down. Eventually, Castiel shifts and Dean reluctantly lets go.
Dean starts singing his favourite Metallica song, tapping his foot on the floor of the shower as he belts out the lyrics to drown out the memories. One song fades into another, chasing away the phantom touches of unwanted fingers and…no. Dean turns his face into the spray of water and sings louder, soapy water dripping into his mouth.
It takes a minute for Dean’s mind to catch up and realize this is wrong and his body goes rigid. Alastair would never do this for him. He jolts up, or tries to, but a firm arm wraps around his lower back and stops his movement, which only makes him panic more.
It’s too much. Dean can feel his orgasm right there, just under the surface, ready to overtake him at any moment, especially if Castiel keeps moving Dean’s hips up and down like that, fucking him onto Castiel’s cock, using him like he’s nothing more than a toy.
“You will keep it in or I will whip you until you pass out.”
The man chuckles, “Did you really just open with ‘come here often’?”
Thinking of Alastair completely washes away the post-orgasm haze of happiness he had been clinging to. It reminds him that he is still very much owned by Alastair and that he can’t be with Castiel even if that’s what they both want.
He stands up and nearly falls back over onto the mattress, too many sensations overwhelming him all at once. The rope harness rubs across his body, shifting and pulling, and the happy knot makes itself known again, pushing even more insistently with the plug in place. Dean groans as he adjusts.
Driving would be safe. It was unlikely he’d be ambushed in his car. He could take the Impala and drive out of the city, cruise around for an hour or so just to get out of the apartment and clear his head.
CAS: My flight gets in at noon tomorrow. If you’re already wearing the cock cage when I get home your punishment won’t be as severe. I’m sure you saw it while you were rifling through the closet.
He’s never been eaten out before. The slick, insistent pressing of a tongue in his ass feels so foreign, like a tentacle worming its way inside him. He didn’t know it could feel this good or he would have tried it a lot sooner.  He never wants Castiel to stop.
“But if I put it down as a hard limit, then…” Dean gestures at the list still on the computer screen and trails off.
The only way he knows any time has passed at all is by the ache in his jaw and the way his knees have grown numb. But the pain in his body is dull. Everything feels far away.
“Dean,” Castiel says calmly, “This doesn’t have to be a date if you don’t want it to be.”
DEAN:
“Uh…yeah, Sam and I are four years apart, but all the moving around meant I had fallen behind a year, and then I took an extra year to boost my grades to get into a better university, so by the time I was in my second year of university Sam was about to graduate high school and that’s when he got the scholarship.
“Are you content now in accepting that I don’t have a concussion?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says again as he stands up to throw the sopping paper towel in the garbage.
“How do you feel?” Castiel asks as he coils the rope.
Sharp pain steals Dean’s breath and his pleas die on a gasp as Castiel bites into the meat of Dean’s ass. He laves his tongue over the indents his teeth leave, making Dean’s skin slick and shiny with spit. The pain of the bite only increases his pleasure and he balls his fists in the sheets by his head.
Castiel hums in agreement.
He might.
Alastair watches with a sneer as Dean struggles. He grabs another ice cube and pushes it in without warning.
“Oh.” Castiel casts a glance around his room as well. “Habit, I guess.” He shrugs and goes back to rooting around in his closet. “Have you picked a safeword?”
“You are not allowed to come until I say. Tell me when you’re close.”
In his mind Dean hears himself calling out for Castiel, his voice whiny and pathetic as Castiel watches the events play out on that stage, watches as Dean is bent over and taken over and over again. Worse still, watching as Dean gets hard, moans brokenly for everyone in that club to hear. He hadn’t wanted it, but the things done to him on that stage—for the most part—had felt good and Dean curses the betrayal of his own body.
Dean can’t wait for him to get home from work, walking in to the smell of tomato and basil, being able to just sit down and relax with warm pasta and maybe a glass of wine if Dean can find any in the many, many cabinets and cupboards in Castiel’s kitchen.
“I’m the Director of Communications and Marketing at a business firm downtown.”
It takes a few tries because every time he inhales Alastair cracks the whip across his back again, making Dean choke on his breath. Eventually, his breathing evens out and Castiel exhales deeply and stops mouthing the word at him. Instead, Dean’s pretty sure he makes out “good” and that sends sparks of pleasure washing over him.
Dean punches it into the register and reads the total off to the man who finally looks up long enough to pay for his drink.
Dean takes a step back at the same time Castiel steps forward. They collide and Castiel’s tea spills down his front, soaking his shirt in boiling hot water.
“Dean,” Castiel says quietly, petting a hand through Dean’s hair. “I’ve told you before that I will never punish you out of anger.”
“I asked you a question, whore,” Alastair growls, loud enough for the nearby microphone to pick up, carrying his voice through the club.
DEAN: Can’t help it. Need you so bad, Castiel.
“I know you can,” Castiel says, but he continues to slowly push his single finger in and out in a gentle glide. “But tonight isn’t about getting you off fast and dirty. I told you what I wanted to do with you the first time I got you all wrapped up in rope, didn’t I?”
As always thank you so much for reading, commenting, and giving kudos!
Castiel’s not sure Dean sees it as rape either, and that bothers him more than not going to the police. He knows in the back of his mind that Dean’s right, knows that going to the police will do little good if Dean is unwilling. That doesn’t mean he likes it. He wants to see Alastair behind bars, not trolling the streets for his next victim.
“This is
He’s dealing just fine. Fuck this.
“Anything thin and sturdy enough to stick into the lock. Check the side tables.”
CAS: Dean, I’m serious. Enough.
“Well, congratulations! I can’t believe I missed you getting married.” Dean’s happy for her, he is, but he can’t help but feel sad at having missed out on these milestones with Charlie. “I haven’t even met your wife. What’s she like?”
Castiel nods. “It shocked me, as well. It’s something that isn’t talked about much and so I didn’t recognize it as a drop when I was feeling guilty or ashamed after a scene.” He pauses to take a drink. “One of the things that helps is having non-verbal safewords in place in addition to the safeword you choose.”
“Uh, no, I’m good.”
“Let me take care of you. Just sit back and relax. Let me show you what I can do.”
“What if I wanted to dress you in a short pink dress and panties and take you to the mall? Or if I wanted to bring my friend over and have him fuck you? Or—”
Tessa makes Dean drink a bottle of water before sending him on his way. He makes it back to the apartment without fainting or running into that man or Alastair. He kept looking over his shoulder, paranoid that someone was going to jump him.
“What’s your safeword?” Castiel asks, his voice low.
Dean nods and sips his tea. He hates the pitying tone Castiel takes on when they talk about Alastair. It makes him feel like a victim, which he’s not. He consented to being Alastair’s submissive. He isn’t some damned damsel in distress.
Castiel drags it out an inch or so just to watch it slowly sink back into Dean. He fucks Dean with it for a few minutes until Dean starts squirming again, then he moves the rope back in place between Dean’s cheeks. It keeps the plug pushed deep inside him. Dean shifts his hips and feels the tip of it graze his prostate, just enough to tease.
“Most people would just say thank you.”
Dean groans, but Castiel lets him suck him off in the shower, so it’s not a total loss.
Except when he woke up this morning it was to the loud boom of thunder outside, rain pelting the window with no end in sight. The weatherman said the storm was expected to continue into tomorrow as well, meaning Dean would be trapped inside until then. He can’t even sit on the balcony for some fresh air.
It’s colder than the weather report said it would be this morning. The thick branches of the trees along the trails block out most of the sun’s warmth. Snow still sticks to the ground here, slowly melting as spring tries to reclaim the land.
Dean watches through blurry eyes as two different men hold Castiel firmly at the very front of the stage. He tries to turn his head, to look away from Castiel’s angry stare, but he’s held fast.
Teasing Castiel before was fun and there’ll be plenty of time to properly tease him another day, but Dean wants to see how quickly he can make him crumble. He wants to tear down his wall of calm, composed businessman and reduce Castiel to a brainless puddle on the couch.
“Rape, Dean. That’s what happened back there. You didn’t consent to that. You explicitly told them to stop. We’re reporting that and sending the police after Alastair. With any luck, that club will finally get shut down as well.”
“Take your time, and let me know if you have any questions. I opened up my own list as well so you can see my limits and interests.”
“Stop.”
The thought of Alastair driving the Impala sets his blood boiling. Vandalism was one thing. He could replace broken parts, buff out scratches and dents, but there was no way to untaint it once Alastair even so much as sat inside it.
“Yeah, okay.”
“I mean after last night we’re done, right? You’re done with me.” Dean can feel the sting of tears behind his eyes and he curses himself for crying so easily, but he feels so defeated. In a matter of hours, his life has been upended. He’s not sure what he’s supposed to do now.
Castiel turns from his closet and catches Dean looking around his room and raises an eyebrow.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbles, “Yeah, okay.” He moves to pull away, but Castiel doesn’t let go of his wrist.
“Cas,” he says as he bites the man’s lip, “Just shut up.”
“What am I supposed to call you, then?” Dean can’t help the annoyance that seeps into his words.
“Me too,” Castiel says, and Dean swears he can feel the air crackle between them as Castiel inches closer.
“Both?”
“Please tell me you did not just say that.”
Thanks for reading! I’m currently writing three chapters simultaneously because I hate myself and, apparently, any sense of order whatsoever.
Dean watches as Castiel blows on a pickle to cool it down before biting into it and making an appreciative noise around the breaded goodness. Dean licks his lips as he watches a trickle of juice make its way down Castiel’s chin.
Dean bites his lip. He knows now is the time to bring up the fact that Castiel has never once even come close to Dean’s limits. And that Dean wants more. “It’s actually the opposite.”
Dean knows he would do anything to protect Castiel. And Castiel has already protected him on numerous occasions. He knows he’s happiest in Castiel’s company, no matter what they’re doing. He knows that he feels connected to Castiel in a way he’s never been connected to anyone else.
“Oh, you poor thing,” Castiel says in mock pity.
“You’re not going to try to get me hard; you’re just going to hold my dick in that pretty mouth of yours.”
“Where is he now?” Castiel cuts in, “What did Alastair do?”
He finally decides to turn his restlessness into something more productive and heads to the kitchen. He digs out all the ingredients he needs for chocolate chip cookies, just something simple to keep him occupied, and gets to work.
“How are you doing, Dean?” Doctor Pavlovská asks as Dean takes a seat in the plush armchair in her office. He thinks it’s meant to be a comfortable chair to put her patients at ease, but Dean sinks into the cushions so much it feels like it’s suffocating him.
While he was in the hall Castiel, apparently, had dealt with the used condom and tucked himself back into his pants and is now sitting calmly on the couch looking at the laptop and not at all like he just got his brain sucked out through his dick. He even had time to grab cutlery and two plates from the kitchen.
“Yeah, about four years. Why?”
After the shirts are folded Dean finishes undressing, folding his jeans and placing them on the dresser as directed. He hesitates only a moment before he slips his underwear down as well. He curses himself for not having the foresight to wear a pair of his new panties.
They make their way up to Castiel’s apartment, still silent. When Castiel holds the door open for Dean and he enters the apartment they’re still silent, and Castiel is starting to worry. Dean isn’t usually quiet for this long. He ushers Dean into the apartment and flicks on the lights in the entryway.
Castiel rolls his eyes at him but smiles as he opens the door for Dean.
“Exactly.”
“It’s your way of making up for whatever it is you did and move on from it.”
ALSO! I used all this time to lay out a rough guideline for the rest of this story and I think there’ll end up being 5 more chapters before it’s done. Maybe one or two more depending on how long the chapters get because there’s still a lot to get through.
“No, Castiel.”
“I get it, Cas, it’s all right.” Dean tries not to let his disappointment show on his face.
The man sees the two of them watching and beckons them over. He offers them each a handful of birdseed from a little plastic bag and instructs them to be very quiet and very still. The three of them raise their palms, full of bird seed, and the man whistles a short tune.
“Cas,” Dean’s head hits the back of the couch hard, “It’s not—that’s not it.” He rolls his head to the side so he can watch Castiel out of the corner of his eye, “If Alastair finds out, if he saw us, he’d hurt you. I don’t know how far he’d go; I wouldn’t put murder past him. But I can’t be the one responsible for getting you hurt.”
“Ready to go?” Castiel passes Dean his jacket and the car keys.
Castiel straightens, withdrawing his hand and leaving Dean feeling suddenly cold. “Mine, for example, is usually Hemingway, but I want you to pick something that works for you.”
He’s right at the precipice of pleasure, about to tip over, but it’s not enough. “I can’t. I can’t, I need—” He doesn’t know what he needs. “More,” he breathes.
“Poker, baby,” Garth calls from the dining room where everyone is seated around a large table. There are two more women at the table that Garth introduces as Bess, his fiancée, and Hannah.
“You replaced my window and my key?” He takes the key from Castiel and slides into the driver’s seat, running his hands along the steering wheel, feeling around underneath where he had had to dig out the wires. “Thank you, Cas. But I—you shouldn’t have. This couldn’t have been cheap and it’s my car, you shouldn’t have to…”
Dean opens his mouth to comment, but the man is focusing on the drink menu again, flipping back and forth between two pages. He watches a while longer before getting the bartender’s attention.
An hour later, after no reply from Castiel, Dean sends him another text.
Dean’s reply is cut off in a moan as Castiel dives down and takes all of Dean into his mouth in one movement. The heat of his mouth is incredible and Dean circles his hips when all Castiel does is rest, his shallow breaths tickling the hair at the base of Dean’s cock.
“I don’t think they’ll scar, but I have some ointment that’ll help with the pain and prevent any permanent marks.”
Dean turns to look at himself in the mirror. “What about the shirt?”
“I feel gross,” Castiel says as he sits up.
Dean leads Castiel further into the apartment, pointing out his room, which is just a small corner of the studio sectioned off by a tall bookcase that’s stocked with more movies than books. He points out the bathroom, barely big enough to fit all the essentials but functional and circles back to the living room that blends into the kitchen in one open space.
Castiel’s arms tighten around Dean almost painfully and then he lets go, pulls back until he can look Dean in the eye. “I wish you would believe me when I tell you this: you are not perfect, no, but no one is. Your worth is not defined by how others see you, or what traumas you’ve endured. Your worth is defined by how you engage the world, your actions. Even if you can’t see it right now, you are good, pure-hearted and worthy of so much. I’m going to make it my mission to make you see just how much.”
Once Dean stops sniffling Castiel makes him drink some of the juice, continuing to hold him close until lucidity has returned to Dean.
He nods once and sighs, “Yeah, sorry.” Drinking and talking with Castiel was supposed to keep him distracted, keep his mind from overthinking, not send him spiralling into an anxious mess.
They’re making dinner together, Castiel chopping vegetables and Dean sautéing ground beef and onions on the stove when he finally snaps.
But his phone remains silent. Castiel doesn’t call, or even text him and Dean turns in early, not sure what else to do on his own in the apartment.
He hears Castiel moving around the apartment every so often, glass clinking in the kitchen, water running in the bathroom: Dean listens to Castiel go about his morning routine, stalling for as long as possible.
Castiel flinches, hurt flashing across his face. “Please don’t compare me to him. It’s not the same and you know it.”
Dean clears his throat and sniffles, and when he answers Castiel his voice cracks, but his breathing has evened out and the tears have stopped, so he just sighs and says, “Yeah. I’m here.”
which is bent and well-worn even though it was bought only a week earlier. It’s been a few years since Dean’s read it so instead of watching Netflix all day again he reads, smoothing out the bent edges of the pages Castiel dog eared as he goes.
Dean laughs humourlessly. “There’s always a catch. And I’ve been his sub ever since, a rented whore living in a glorified cage. He pays for everything: rent, groceries, clothes…and in exchange he’s got me at his beck and call.” He twiddles his fingers in his lap, unwilling to look at Castiel as he tells him the truth. “So no, I can’t just leave him. Much as I want to. I’m not sure he’d even let me leave at this point.”
They store the beef in the fridge for later and call it an early night. Castiel has a meeting first thing in the morning and Dean has another day full of rejection waiting for him.
“Seems like someone needs to learn a little patience,” Castiel says, but he doesn’t make Dean wait for it any longer. He pushes his finger through the tight ring of muscle and runs his other hand up and down Dean’s side, soothing him as he adjusts to the intrusion.
“I mean, I was never really opposed to it in the first place. Castiel once said that some people find a sort of comfort in having rules to follow and I hadn’t understood then, but I think that doing this could actually be beneficial. Which is strange because I’ve never been one to follow rules. But now…I don’t know. I just want to make Cas happy.”
Dean snorts.
“I—” He wants to know what Castiel was going to say, but tells himself it doesn’t matter; Castiel has to leave either way, and it’d probably be best to make it so he doesn’t want to see Dean again. He has to do it now, he knows, before he gets even more attached. Though even now he thinks it might be too difficult.
I meant to post this yesterday but I have the Big Sad and finding motivation for anything is a struggle, so apologies!
His name is whispered in the darkness and Dean groans from beneath the covers.
Dean is about to walk out the door when Alastair pops into his mind. What if he goes for a walk and is ambushed by Alastair or one of Alastair’s henchmen?
“How would you like to come?” Castiel repeats. “Whatever you want. All you have to do is tell me.”
What he can’t deal with is the disappointment in Castiel’s voice and the hard look on his face when he demanded Dean kneel in the corner.
The place is nearly empty when he steps out of the washroom. It’s between lunch and dinner so he’s not really surprised, but he is glad for it. He walks to the bar and asks for a glass of ice. The bartender gives him a weird look but fills a glass with ice without comment.
Dean is determined to save Castiel, even if it means sacrificing himself. Alastair, however, has something more sinister in mind.
Dean bucks up into nothing, seeking friction that isn’t there. His cock brushes against the rough material inside of the sweats but it isn’t enough.
DEAN: And if I’m not a good boy?
“It’s okay, sweet boy,” Castiel says, “I’ll make it all better.”
“Yeah, I guess, but—”
Castiel gets up and washes his hands in the sink, scrubbing their combined release down the drain. “If you’re that insatiable I can tie you down with a vibrator in your ass and leave you there until the food gets here.”
“What if you lie across my lap instead?” Castiel suggests, standing a few feet away from the couch, giving Dean some space.  They get situated with Dean lying across Castiel’s lap and his head resting on a pillow.
It doesn’t matter that Castiel can take care of himself, has proven his strength to Dean numerous times already: Dean wants to ensure that nothing bad ever happens to Castiel if he can help it.
He reaches a hand out to trace the firmness of Castiel’s length through his jeans, wishing he could touch and taste the real thing without any of these confining layers separating them.
A cold cloth is dabbed lightly against Dean’s back, a nice contrast to the fire he’d felt there before, and he sighs contentedly.
Dean thinks.
“Seriously,” Dean says as he turns around, “You were gonna let me get this disaster of a shirt?”
“No, we’re not.” When Castiel just keeps speeding down the street Dean raises his voice, “I’m not going to the police. They’re not gonna do anything anyway; there’s nothing to report.”
Dean’s had his fair share of bad dreams, so he mumbles an “of course,” around the froth of toothpaste in his mouth. Plus, he slept better than he has in months with Castiel in bed with him.
Dean turns to see Castiel seated on the couch, a handful of popcorn on the way to his mouth. “Hey,” he cries, and Castiel looks up at him, halting the popcorn in its tracks, “Not until the movie starts.”
“Are you all right?” Castiel asks as he closes the distance between them.
He loses track of time and lashes, unaware of everything save for the fire radiating through his back and Castiel’s unwavering stare. Alastair seems to notice Dean’s divided attention because he cranks up the speed of the machine more than one setting before continuing his whipping. Dean feels his muscles shaking, and he’s just praying that Alastair is done with him soon.
Castiel’s voice dips lower in anger and though logically Dean knows that it isn’t directed at him it still makes him tense up.
“I doubt Sam would be who is today without you. Not only that, but you should be very proud of your own accomplishments.”
There’s a hand gripping his hair, tugging painfully until he’s forced to tilt his face up, momentarily blinded by the lights focused on them before he blinks and sees Alastair’s snarling face above him.
Dean chuckles. “Well, how am I supposed to pass up free food?”
Dean knows he has to leave Alastair, knows this either ends with him dead on the streets or dead at the hands of Alastair. “It is the same, Cas,” Dean says. The words cling to his throat, unwilling to come out. He swallows and forces himself to finish. “I’d just be your pet instead of his.”
Castiel’s brows draw together. “You…don't like it.”
“Ten more, I think,” Castiel says as he rubs Dean’s ass, “and after each one, you’re going to say ‘I will not lie’ to make sure the lesson really sinks in.”
Castiel lights up. “You’ll go?”
It feels like Castiel leaves him waiting forever. Dean is tempted to look over his shoulder at the clock on the nightstand to see how long he’s been waiting, but he doesn’t want to risk Castiel catching him out of position. Maybe it’s part of the punishment, keeping him in time out like a toddler to think about what he’s done.
“It’s all good.”
Dean stills his tongue and breathes deeply, inhaling the musky scent of Castiel. His nose presses against the hairs at Castiel’s base and tickles his nostrils when his breath disturbs them. He has to pull back a little to stop himself from sneezing. His nose twitches and he waits a moment before sinking back down again.
“Okay, you can say something now.” Dean tries to sound casual, but his voice wavers and he still refuses to open his eyes. “Please tell me I’m not an idiot and read the signs wrong. Tell me you want this as badly as I do.”
Dean’s tongue darts out to lick his lips before he answers. “Looks like you wandered in off the street without knowing what kind of place this is.”
His hands still shake and Dean balls them into fists to get it to stop. But he’s more angry than embarrassed or anything else. Angry that Alastair still has this much influence over his life. Angry that he reacted the way he did.
“Were you about to come?”
“Are you gonna come like a whore on that fake cock?”
“If you say so,” Castiel says, but he doesn’t sound convinced.
Castiel brings a hand up to rub the sleep from his eyes and Dean jumps out of his trance. He tears his gaze from the naked chest in front of him. “I made breakfast.”
“When I tie you up the first time,” Castiel muses, his breath blowing warm puffs of air over Dean’s sensitive nipples, “I’m going to bring you to the edge so many times before I let you come. Until you’re past begging, past words, only able to whimper and moan as I take you apart. Until it hurts.”
Castiel comes around the counter until he’s right in front of Dean. “Where will you go?”
With the condom firmly in place, Dean leans forward slowly, parting his lips and puffing warm breaths over the head of Castiel’s cock. Above him, Castiel shivers on the couch, fingers twitching as if he wants to reach out and grab Dean.
“Good boy,” Castiel praises. The heat of his mouth is still too close to Dean’s erection and he can’t decide whether to inch closer or pull away from it.
Dean tries to ignore the pained noises that slip out of Castiel occasionally when he leans forward for a nacho or twists his neck too much.
Cas and Dean go on a date and get to know each other a little better.
He chews his lip as he stares at his phone, contemplating calling him. Just for a minute. But Castiel had said he would be busy most of the time he was gone. Dean doesn’t want to bother him just to talk about nothing.
“It’s not worth the risk.”
Instead of stopping, though, Dean sends another text.
A drop of precome spurts out from the head of his cock and down Dean’s length. He cries out in frustration as he feels his orgasm fade and slip out of reach.
Dean sets the popcorn on the coffee table and clears his throat. “Swayze, good choice.”
He has to sit there chewing a mouthful of breading and pickle before he can answer Castiel, who watches bemused the entire time.
Dean shivers, remembering everything Castiel promised.
The lines on Castiel’s forehead smooth as he chuckles, a low sound that drifts across the table and wraps its warm embrace around Dean. “It’s a mystery even to me. I was approached while I was finishing my Master’s for a position that was higher up than I had hoped to get straight out of university, and I jumped at the chance. I told myself it was only to get my foot in the door of the real world, but I got comfortable.”
“Okay, that one’s doable. What else?”
Alastair takes the opportunity to open his pants and shove his dick into Dean’s slack mouth. He hollows his cheeks and sucks once, twice, and Alastair is spilling into his mouth and down his throat. He feels a twinge of pride at still being able to make his Master come so quickly.
The date seems silly now, even entertaining the idea that he could have something that makes him happy. Alastair could have shown up at any time tonight, as he does sometimes. Sure, Dean can’t remember the last time Alastair had set foot in his apartment; mostly he calls Dean to his place for a quick round of harsh fucking and harsher words, but on occasion he pops into Dean’s apartment seemingly just to shatter the false reality he’s created in the confines of his tiny apartment, to remind Dean of what he is. Alastair could have sauntered in and seen them grinding on each other on the couch. He would have seriously hurt Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s touch withdraws and Dean chokes on his own tears, sure that he’s been proven right, that Castiel has realized just how gross he is, broken beyond repair, and doesn’t even want to touch someone so filthy. Dean can’t handle the stinging ache of rejection that clenches his heart.
“I won’t let you take advantage of Cas’s kindness. He sees someone in need and he lends a hand; he can’t help it, that’s just the kind of person he is.”
Castiel raises his hands in surrender. “We don’t have to talk about it, then.” He tilts his head and observes Dean. “But I don’t expect anything in return for today or for what happened between us at the club. Or any further communication between us for that matter. I have no ulterior motives other than wanting to help you in whatever way I can.”
Alastair stops his assault with the whip, growing bored once Dean stops giving him the reactions he wants. Instead, Alastair runs his nails across the angry red marks he’s made and Dean screams, jerking against his restraints, brought back to himself fully with the agonizing pain radiating through him. The entirety of his back is in flames, but it feels wet: blood or sweat, he’s not sure.
Castiel smirks. He steps into Dean’s space and leans down, resting a knee on either side of Dean’s legs and crowding onto the armchair with him. “So you really wouldn’t have accepted the laptop if I had bought it with my own money?”
“Fuck me,” Dean blurts out, “Please fuck me, Castiel. Fuck me until I black out, and never stop.”
of knuckles colliding with bone and Castiel crumples, his head connecting with the floor of the stage as he goes limp. Dean tries again to break free of the stocks and cries out Castiel’s name.
“You don’t need to make things so difficult, Dean.” Alastair rubs the leather tip of a crop down his back and over his ass, and that sends Dean’s panic shooting through the roof. He jerks in his bonds and begs Alastair to forgive him.
“Chocolate chip or peanut butter?”
Dean opens his mouth to deny that he would ever do that, but maybe it would be better if he didn’t drag Castiel into his life. Castiel is already way too invested in him and they had only known each other a few days. Letting him continue down this path, stringing him along, would just be cruel. Dean knows it would be better to let Castiel go now before anyone gets truly hurt.
Dean smiles, but sobers quickly, realizing he’s supposed to be kicking Castiel out. He collapses onto the couch next to Castiel, who turns, still chewing, his cheeks puffed out like a hamster. Dean laughs despite himself.
“And bacon,” Castiel says before taking a large bite. Peanut butter oozes out and drips over Castiel’s fingers. He sighs in satisfaction as he chews.
Dean rights himself with Castiel’s help and sits with his back away from the couch. He notices it doesn’t hurt as much anymore and raises a hand to touch at his shoulder, cringing when he makes contact with the open welt there and his fingers come back pink and sticky with the ointment Castiel applied.
“Jeez, Cas, you’re literally inside of me right now. How much more personal could ya get?”
“If you don’t come soon,” Dean says, stroking Castiel while he catches his breath, “the delivery guy is gonna walk in and see us. See me. On my knees. With your dick in my mouth.” He runs his mouth along the side of Castiel’s length as he speaks.
“Two weeks? Really?” Dean shoves the glass door of the clinic open, barely having the presence of mind to hold it for Castiel who follows closely behind. “How am I supposed to not lose my damn mind waiting a whole two weeks for the results?”
Castiel frowns. “I never said you were, I—”
“No more,” Dean pants. He can feel the melted ice dripping out of his ass and trickling down his thighs and adding to the soggy mess beneath him.
“I just have to finish one more thing.” Castiel tries to wheel himself back to his desk, but Dean pulls him up out of his chair.
satisfied.”
Dean shifts to look up at Castiel. “But you were so excited when I said yes to going.”
Castiel pauses, seeming unsure, “I’m not sure how much you know about him, but he’s pretty well-known in the community. He’s been banned from nearly all other clubs in the area. He preys on subs new to the scene because they don’t know any better, and then he abuses them, breaks them, and eventually leaves them as shells of who they once were.” Castiel draws in a breath, his fists clench, and he lets the breath slowly out through his mouth. “I don’t want to see that happen to you.”
The woman’s eyes flick up and lock onto Dean’s. He can feel his face getting hot at being caught staring, but then the corners of the woman’s lips curl into a smirk and she pulls at her kneeling sub’s hair, bringing him up to straddle her. His body arches into hers as she yanks again to run her tongue and teeth along his neck, her eyes never leaving Dean’s. She flips her sub around so his back is to her and Dean swallows a lump in his throat as her fingers trail down the man’s body to tease around his caged cock.
While Castiel waits for Dean to back away from the precipice of pleasure he kisses down his thigh, over his knee, his ankle, and down to the tip of his toes. He licks a long line up the bottom of Dean’s foot and Dean yanks his foot back reflexively. It feels weird and a little gross, but it also tickles.
He continues working Castiel up with light touches, watching the steady rise and fall of Castiel’s chest pick up as he switches to firmer strokes, his hips twitching slightly as Dean twists his wrist on the upstroke.
“Must suck to be such an old man.”
“I only meant that you clearly don’t like it here, so why come?”
“We could play a board game,” Dean suggests and gasps when Castiel leans in to nip at the hollow of his neck. He tangles his hands in Castiel’s hair and tugs, trying to manoeuvre him to where he wants him.
He rambles off the rest of the symptoms: “Sleep disturbances. Psychological adjustment problems and depression. Disorders of taste and smell,” all of which Castiel says no to.
“C-close.” Dean chokes out, but Castiel doesn’t pull away immediately. He swirls his tongue around Dean’s length and hums before pulling off. Watching a line of spit connecting Castiel’s lips to the tip of Dean’s cock almost makes Dean lose it.
Dean thought he would be alone for the rest of his life with only Alastair to keep him company. He had given up on finding a real partner long ago. Marriage, kids, a house with a white picket fence: he was fine without those things.
The morning of his appointment, Dean can barely finish his bowl of cereal. His stomach is in knots that tighten as he watches the hands of the clock tick forward, pulling the time for his appointment ever nearer.
“What do you do for a living now, then?”
As Dean tries to keep himself steady on the stools he feels the dildo begin to move. It pumps up and down slowly, rubbing between the cheeks of his ass. He gasps and looks up to see Alastair’s smirk. “That’s right, this machine’s gonna stuff you and fuck you good. Now sit on that cock and give these people a good show.”
First off, I want to say thank you if you're still sticking around and also SORRY I'm so damn sorry I've left you for months but I promise I am coming back to finish this.
Castiel finishes the knot and stands up. Dean’s about to ask why it’s called a happy knot when Castiel moves behind him again, pulling the rope back through his legs and connecting the ends to the original knot he made, pulling it tight.
“Fuck.” His keys—along with his wallet, phone, and some lip balm—are in the pocket of his jeans, which he left at the club.
Castiel takes his hand away, and Dean holds his breath waiting for the first blow to fall. When it does he’s jolted forward with the intensity as Castiel’s bare hand cracks against his skin loudly.
“Dean,” Castiel says, the warning in his voice clear.
Alastair pushes Dean to his limit in front of a crowd of people, but the hot new stranger Dean met a few days ago is there watching.
“Impala.” Dean has actually spent some time thinking about it. He considered a few others, but even if Castiel dragged him as far into subspace as he could go he would still be able to remember ‘impala.’
Castiel orders them two beers and Dean barely has the presence of mind to ask for a glass of water as well before the waiter leaves.
He blinks away more tears that threaten to spill over and focuses on Castiel.  His lips are moving, and Dean finally makes out “breathe” mouthed over and over until Dean forces himself to be still and take deep breaths.
His hands are quickly retied in front of him, just as tight as before, and then Alastair ties another length of rope around the ones binding his hands before pulling it taut through a hook hanging above the bench. When he lets go Dean finds he can’t lean forward any more, forced to sit upright in a position that makes every thrust of the machine miss his prostate. Alastair switches something that lifts Dean’s arms and then his body until the bottom of the dildo can be seen as it makes its jerky pumping motions in and out of his sore hole.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean throws his hands up. “There is no risk. Alastair’s still at the club, we’ve got a head start on him, enough that I can run upstairs and throw all my shit in a bag and be back out before he even thinks about coming after me.”
Dean wants to rip the ugly tie from around Castiel’s neck and get down to business already, wants to see him in all his naked glory, but teasing Castiel is intoxicating, watching the rise and fall of his chest as he tries to control his breathing, the clenched fists at his sides that Dean wishes were tangled in his hair.
He continues the steady stroking as he licks at Castiel’s balls. “He’ll be so jealous because he can’t join in on the fun. Only you, Cas. This is only for you, no one else.”
The car starts with barely a rumble and Dean thinks about the Impala sitting in the parking garage beneath Castiel’s apartment building. They had finally gone to get it earlier in the morning and Dean had almost cried with relief when they pulled up and saw the Impala where he had parked her the week before.
“Maybe I’ll have to come see another one of your performances.”
“Excuse me?” Dean stays silent, save for his harsh breaths. “That’s what I thought. Filthy bitches have no right to be giving orders here. But you know that, don’t you? You know exactly what your purpose is.” Alastair runs his fingers down Dean’s sides as he speaks. “
Charlie looks over at the counter to where Tessa is dealing with the rush of people coming through the door. “I should probably get back to work, too. I don’t think this company I’m temping for would approve of me taking a two hour lunch when it’s only my second week there.”
CAS: I’m here if you need me.
“Plus, I had to pick out the perfect pair of panties to wear tonight.” Dean grins at Castiel’s groan behind him, yelping not two seconds later when Castiel pinches his ass. He spins Dean around and pins him against the wall outside the apartment.
“That’s great,” Castiel says, munching on another fried pickle.
The fingers at his jaw grip his chin lightly and make Dean turn his head back to look at Castiel again, holding him there. “Stop looking away from me. I want to see you.”
His eyes droop as he tries to focus on Castiel, but he blinks and loses track of him. The machine stills and a moment later the ropes are cut away from his arms. He hisses as blood starts flowing through them again, but can’t seem to make his fingers move. Strong hands lift him from the bench, but before he can react something rough rubs against his back and he blacks out from the pain.
When he finally does step into the room, Castiel comes to stand in front of Dean. “How many rules do I have?”
Dean looks up at him, looking so small sitting there swallowed up in Castiel’s trench coat. “If that were true you wouldn’t need to keep rescuing me. That seems like all our relationship has been: me being the damsel in distress waiting for you to come to my aid.”
“Ow, shit,” Castiel curses, “Fuck that’s hot.”
“Okay, ‘Impala’ will be our safeword. If either you or I say it the scene stops immediately, okay? Use it if you need to.” Castiel turns from the closet holding a length of rope that he tosses onto the bed. “You’re wearing far too much, don’t you think?”
Often times Dean spends countless days holed up in his apartment and the most interaction with another human being he gets is when he goes grocery shopping, or when he grabs a coffee from the diner across the street from his place. Sometimes he finds his voice has gone hoarse from extended disuse. Now, though, he can’t seem to stop talking.
“Yes.” Dean breaks into a smile. “Yes, Cas, you freak, I’ll—” The rest of what he was about to say is swallowed up by Castiel as he crashes their mouths together. Dean is smiling so widely that it’s hard to kiss back, but Castiel just trails his lips up Dean’s jaw, nibbling at bits of his skin as he covers Dean in little kisses.
He’s hungrier than he realized and ends up having a second bowl with a piece of toast. He doesn’t finish all of the second helping, but he feels better now that his stomach is full.
“It’s all right. You’re safe. Just relax.” The chorus of assurances keep coming, and Dean recognizes the deep, soothing voice as Castiel’s.
Alastair had said himself that he hadn’t broken Dean yet, but he was wrong.
Castiel chuckles. “You’ll barely even notice I’m gone. You’ll be working most of the time anyway.”
“Yeah.”
Dean blushes and raises a finger to gently feel his abused nipples. He hisses at the touch. “God, even wearing a shirt tomorrow is gonna suck.”
Dean glides his tongue along the underside and hums, long and low, before hollowing his cheeks and sucking, immediately setting a fast pace, determined to make Castiel lose his mind with pleasure.
“Nothing I can think of. What’s your other rule?”
“Oh? How did it go?”
“I think our relationship has been a lot more than that. Plus, I don’t mind being your knight in shining armor.”
No matter how hard he tries, Dean can’t help but focus on the unblinking blue eyes staring up at him. “Don’t watch, Cas. Please, please.”
“I was actually thinking he was more like Hael, but yeah, this is probably a lot more like the whole Alfie situation, you’re right.”
The air is cold on his bare chest and he turns up the thermostat a few degrees on his way, hoping Castiel won’t mind.
Dean sets his phone down in the living room and puts some music on the stereo before he goes back to cleaning, trying to ignore the pit in his stomach at having lied to Castiel.
He’s living with Castiel but they haven’t seen each other in days. Maybe Castiel is avoiding him, Dean thinks. His moving in wasn’t exactly planned. Maybe Castiel regrets letting Dean stay with him.
“I’m getting close.” He can feel himself throbbing under the sweatpants, leaking drops of precome that smear onto the scratchy material rubbing over his length.
CAS: I need to stay and coordinate with the department heads of this company.
“Well, come on, then. Spill.”
DEAN: I’m not very hungry, so I’m just making butternut squash soup. Might have a piece of toast with it.
“Come on,” Castiel says holding Dean’s wrist, pulling him from the stool, “I’ll drive you home. You can explain to your Dom what happened later.”
They’re still pressed up against the ugly pea soup coloured car, still clinging to one another. Dean thumps his forehead against Castiel’s chest and blushes when Castiel presses a soft kiss to his head.
The bell above the door jingles and Dean looks up to see a short man step up to the counter. He looks familiar, but Dean can’t quite place him.
Dean nods. Maybe that last drink was a bad idea because now the room is blurring in front of him and he can feel himself swaying on the bar stool. He puts a hand to his head and rubs at his throbbing temples.
They sit at the table talking well after both their bowls have been emptied. Eventually, though, Dean grabs the dishes and gets up from the table, depositing them into the sink for later. “Sorry I don’t have anything for dessert. The cupboards have nothing but dust in ‘em right now.”
“No, I can’t let you buy me an entirely new wardrobe!”
“I shouldn’t even want those things in the first place. It’s not normal. And now I’m with Cas but I still want those things Alastair did to me. And it’s not like I can ask Castiel; he’s so sweet and caring and so gentle with me. Too gentle sometimes. But I can’t drag him into my depraved fantasies. I can’t.”
“Perhaps this will help jog your memory.” Castiel shifts behind Dean, his warmth disappearing.
It isn’t a question, but Dean still shakes his head. “Alastair…he said that if I was a good sub I wouldn’t need to back out of a scene. A good sub takes whatever his Master gives.” Dean’s glad he has the mug of tea to fiddle with so he doesn’t have to look at Castiel.
“What’s the new rule, if you don’t mind me asking?”
They’ve made out numerous times, but never gotten further than dry humping and groping each other. It’s been hot, sure, but Dean’s starting to want more. He wants what Castiel was teasing him with the other day.
With that, the man behind him starts thrusting again. Dean tries to stay silent, but the rough dryness of it draws groans of pain from his throat.
Dean may have agreed to talk to Castiel’s counsellor, but as the appointment grows closer his anxiety becomes unbearable.
He shakes his head and remains on his knees.
“I’m just gonna run to the bathroom before we leave. Cas is taking forever and it’s a bit of a drive back home.”
“I’m going to wrap you up with rope all pretty.” He traces over Dean’s chest, drawing patterns like he’s mapping out where the rope will bind him. “But not tie you down, ‘cause you’re going to stay nice and still for me, aren’t you?”
“What is your safeword?”
“Did he do that?” Castiel’s hand twitches where it rests on the table.
“C’mon,” Castiel coaxes, “Be good and sit up for me.”
“I want to touch you. Please let me touch you, Castiel.” Dean flexes his fingers wrapped around the headboard where Castiel told him to keep them.
“My, have I got a treat for you today,” Alastair addresses the crowd that’s gathered around the stage.
Cold water is dumped on his back and ass, spilling off him and soaking into the covers beneath. He doesn’t have enough strength left to do anything other than lie there as the liquid slides uncomfortably down his crack and over his balls.
Wow I didn’t realize it’s been so long since I’ve updated I’m sorry I just got busy with life and stuff.
“I need to say this, okay? I need you to know.” Dean pauses, waits for Castiel to nod, and continues, “I was scared. Hell, I still am. I’m scared shitless of what Alastair will do if and when he finds out because he doesn’t share either, only his possessiveness scares me whereas yours…” he trails off, cheeks flushing, unwilling to admit just how much Castiel affects him.
The man takes a step towards Dean, absolutely fuming, but one of his friends grabs him. “Dude, don’t you know who he belongs to? Let’s just get outta here.”
Something flashes across Castiel’s features, but before Dean can even begin to guess what it means Castiel surges forward and into Dean’s lap. He wraps a hand around the back of Dean’s neck, using it to pull him into a kiss. Dean groans when he feels Castiel nip at his lower lip and Castiel uses the opportunity to press his tongue into Dean’s mouth, tasting of butter and salt.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s eyes widen. “Dean, are you performing in a scene tonight?” He looks over his shoulder, following Dean’s gaze to the stage where a few employees are setting up the next performance. Dean’s performance.
“You’re wrong,” Dean chokes out, “I’m nothing. I’m broken and dirty and—” A sob wracks his body and he wipes his nose on his arm, hiccupping as Castiel’s hands turn soft.
The henchmen were always hovering on stage or close to it during Saturday performances. They always drank with Alastair at the bar. On more than once occasion Alastair let them use Dean. Seeing them pin Castiel’s arms behind his back, Dean redoubles his efforts to get away from Alastair.
“Sorry to interrupt,” a voice says, drawing Dean and Castiel’s gaze away from each other to the short red-headed man standing with a pen poised over the little notepad in his hand. “Would you like to order some drinks, maybe an appetizer to start?”
After they eat, Dean pushes Castiel into the cushions and climbs on top of him. He tastes like garlic and tomatoes when their tongues meet, but too soon he’s pushing Dean away. Castiel says there’s something he needs to do for work and apologizes when Dean pouts. He gives Dean a quick kiss and promises it won’t take more than an hour, and that they’ll do something fun after he’s done.
He straightens and squares his shoulders. “Baking, cooking, anything in the kitchen really. It’s relaxing. When I’m in the kitchen everything else just sort of fades away and the only thing that matters is the dish I’m making or the dough between my fingers.”
They lie in Castiel’s bed together, cuddling and chatting for a bit before Castiel makes them get up to get snacks and water. Afterwards, he drags Dean into the shower and washes his body with gentle hands. Dean returns the favour and washes Castiel’s hair for him, massaging his scalp and peppering his face with tiny kisses as he rinses the shampoo away.
“I—I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to upset you.” Castiel stares down at his lap. “I wasn’t thinking. I just want you to understand the importance of knowing each other’s limits. I don’t want to do anything to you that you don’t take pleasure in.”
When they finally leave the mall the car is stuffed full of clothes and groceries. A few bags have to sit at Dean’s feet because the trunk and back seat are full.
“Hey,” Castiel says softly as he pets a hand through Dean’s hair. “You went far away, didn’t you?”
“I have to be awake in less than five hours, you just said so yourself,” Castiel says as he bats Dean’s hand away.
Dean rushes to help Tessa with the long line of customers. “I’m so sorry,” he says as he ties on his apron, “I lost track of time.”
Leaving Alastair was supposed to free him, but Dean just feels like he traded one prison for another. He knows that it’s not Castiel’s fault. Castiel has done nothing but show him an unwarranted amount of kindness.
“You’re amazing,” Castiel says, “You wear your emotions plainly, hiding nothing. You’re stubborn, and confident, and beautiful. Charming, and intelligent. Even though we only just met I feel protective of you. Watching you up there, I wanted to tear Alastair apart for taking advantage of you and torturing you like that. He doesn’t deserve your submission, doesn’t deserve to call himself a Dominant.”
“Well, that’s boring.”
“Look,” Dean interjects before Castiel can continue, “my head’s still fuzzy and nothing feels real right now. Can we…I want to be able to actually have a conversation with you, I want,” he shakes his head, trying to climb back to the surface of his own mind, and failing.
“I don’t know why you fight me when I’m being nice enough to tend your wounds.”
“I used to skip meals as a sort of self-punishment. When I thought I did something wrong and n—it doesn’t matter. I don’t do that anymore. Not since Alastair. And it came up in my session with the shrink last week. I was just too nervous today before meeting with Charlie and then it was busy at work so I didn’t have time to eat anything until now.”
“The pants may be a bit too…bright.”
A warning: this chapter is pretty brutal, heavy on the rape. It’s also a relatively short chapter and if you want to skip it because of the rape aspect you won’t be missing too much, plot-wise.
His eyes lock onto the hunched figure at the other end of the room. Castiel stands in the doorway watching Dean, naked and chained to the wall. The short length of chain is connected to a thick metal collar wrapped snug around Dean’s neck.
? It’s like…a classic.”
“I don’t like having to teach you these lessons over and over again,” Alastair says in a soothing tone. It does nothing to soothe Dean’s burning skin or sore throat. Alastair smacks Dean’s ass once with his bare hand and Dean lets out a hoarse, barely-there cry.
He went online and scoped out places nearby that are looking for help and scribbled the addresses down on a scrap piece of paper. He grabs the fresh stack of
Castiel noses his way up Dean’s chest to whisper into his ear, the movement slotting Castiel’s body perfectly against Dean’s. “And you’re going to love every second of it.”
talked about Castiel buying things for him. Dean closes the book he was reading and sits up.
“Don’t wanna,” Dean mumbles. Extra intense orgasms also mean being extra tired afterwards, apparently.
Castiel mumbles something, his head tossing from side to side.
Castiel’s room is the one place in the apartment where he stuck with a single style. The large room is done in warm oranges and browns with a few splashes of red and purple in the curtains or paintings on the walls. It would be inviting were it not for the mess.
“You will not touch yourself or come without my permission.”
“Was I too hard on you last night, little bitch?”
His mind is made up as soon as he feels Castiel’s hand rest lightly on his thigh, just above his knee. Dean shifts and Castiel’s hand withdraws so fast it blurs, an apology falling from his lips. Dean doesn’t say anything, just moves his body so his head is resting on Castiel’s chest. After a moment, a hesitant arm wraps around his back.
“Sometimes it’s nice to let others look after you.”
Dean’s so surprised he almost chokes on his tea. “Wait, you have a safeword? Why?”
Castiel still doesn’t respond the next day and Dean sends him another three texts before noon. He’s growing restless and wishes he had a shift at the café today. At least work would keep him busy. But as it is Dean’s been awake since sunrise, lazing about the apartment all morning.
He buzzes the delivery guy in then slips into the hallway to wait so there’s no chance of a stranger seeing Castiel slumped on the couch with his dick out. But when Dean goes back in with the bag of food Castiel is already composed.
“Wanted to come untouched.”
Castiel pulls him up on the couch and Dean immediately crowds into his space. “I don’t see why not. Just let me know if they become uncomfortable and I’ll take them off.”
Castiel is up off the couch before he’s even finished speaking and Dean can’t help the smile that crosses his face even as a pit of anxiety opens up in his stomach.
“Great, let’s get a pair.” Dean grabs Castiel’s hand and tows him into the store.
There is far too much vanilla syrup in his coffee, making it taste artificial and too sweet, but Dean thinks it may be the best cup of coffee he’s ever purchased. He practically skips the rest of the way home, excited to tell Castiel about his new job.
“You’re going to have to work harder for a reward like that, sweet boy.” Castiel’s voice is, admittedly, breathier and as Dean glances up he sees the blue of Castiel’s eyes have been overtaken by black, but it’s not enough.
Dean mumbles an agreement even as Castiel’s freezing cold feet entwine with his own, making him shiver.
Dean glances over his shoulder and sees Castiel on his knees behind him. The rope is moved to the side and then there’s a puff of warm air over his slicked hole.
When Dean walks into the club Saturday night he immediately picks out Castiel sitting at the bar, that old trench coat he wears is unmistakable even from across the dark room. As soon as the bartender sees Dean walking over he opens a bottle of beer and slides it across the counter in front of the empty stool next to Castiel, who turns and smiles when he sees Dean approaching.
Dean’s begging only seems to egg Alastair on. His weight is crushing as he leans over Dean, grunting as he thrusts harder and digs his fingers into Dean’s hips. The ice cubes inside him are stirred around, melting faster as Alastair continues fucking him and cool water dribbles out around his cock.
“How would you like to come?”
(See the end of the chapter for
By the time Dean steps out of the shower his skin is red and blotchy from the too-hot water and even the plush towel he dries off with is harsh against his skin. He rubs it across his body with more force than necessary just to feel the burn of it against his sensitive skin, gasping in pain but feeling lighter as it overrides his thoughts. He presses against the darkest bruise, chasing the sensation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good.” Castiel lifts Dean’s hands up so he can uncuff him, but Dean pulls away.
“That’s right, my pretty little fuckhole.” Alastair pushes three more ice cubes into Dean’s hole in quick succession, shoving his hard cock in immediately after.
When Castiel appears in the open doorway to his room, he pauses. His eyes land on Dean and he sets his briefcase down slowly.
Doctor Pavlovská nods. They had talked about Dean’s bad habits during their last session together.
Dean chuckles at the thought.
Dean convinces Castiel to let him drive. The tiny hybrid doesn’t handle like the Impala, but the act of driving still settles Dean’s nerves, allowing his mind to shut off for a while. He follows Castiel’s directions through the city, away from the towering high-rise buildings that take over downtown and into a more suburban area with rows of townhouses.
I currently don’t have any other stories planned for after this one is done, but if you have any requests let me know! Maybe it’ll spark something and I’ll write another 100,000+ word fic, or maybe just a few oneshots, who knows!
“I’m not working right now, actually,” Dean says and hopes he can leave it at that, hopes that he won’t have to tell Castiel that he’s basically whoring himself out to Alastair.
He’s bouncing his leg while he sits on the couch and he shifts to get up but Castiel grabs his arm and pulls him back down to the couch.
It would be nice to get out and explore this part of the city. At the very least it would keep him occupied for a little bit. Dean slips on one of Castiel’s many coats from the closet and pulls on a pair of Castiel’s boots.
Sweat dots his forehead as he tries to even out his breathing. Alastair slides the ice cube around Dean’s back until it’s completely melted then starts the process again with another until Dean’s entire back is burning, yet numb from the cold.
“Are you sure you’re okay to dance tonight?”
When he’s done Castiel hands him the granola bar. He unwraps it and takes a bite, swallowing around the lump in his throat, eyeing Castiel watching him. While he eats he goes through a mental checklist of his body, taking inventory of his injuries, but most everything hurts. Except for his back, which is still mercifully numb.
By the time Dean starts dinner he’s in a better mood than this morning. He puts some music on and dances around Castiel’s kitchen as he prepares dinner. He wishes he had more ingredients to work with in a kitchen this nice, but he makes do with what he has, happy to do something nice for Castiel.
“Cas, Cas, look! Sammy’s got a girlfriend!”
“Cas, please, I don’t understand what you’re talking about.”
Dean stared at him and they had a silent conversation. ”Dude, what the hell?” “I dunno, she asked!” “Well don’t get me in trouble, asshat!” “Okay sorry!”
Dean kissed his forehead. “I know so. She loves you.”
Dean sighed for at least the thirtieth time that morning. These summer days seemed to just drag and drag. The summers of the past had been different. His best friend Benny was in Lawrence, and they would ride their bikes, toss around a football, do anything. Anything was fun with Benny. But, of course, Benny just had to move to New Orleans. What he wouldn’t give for a fun summer day.
Mary let out an excited squeal. “Oh, yay! My baby got a job!” She paused for a moment. “Oh my god… am I old?”
“Any cute girls at your school?” Dean asked.
“How in the- Anna?”
It wasn’t a thought he’d meant to say out loud, so Dean’s response elicited a small start. “Me too.”
Dean smiled at him. “You know you’re like… seriously adorable, right?”
No response.
“Then why aren’t you talking to me?”
“That’s cuz it’s summer,” Dean said. He turned on the radio, the cassette player picking up where he’d left off on the Back in Black album. As they pulled out of the parking lot, Dean turned up the music and rolled down the windows. Cas let out a laugh and raised his good arm to flip the building off. The boys looked at each other and grinned.
“They told him he was no longer welcome in their home.”
Cas laughed. “Of course you can. C’mon.”
And a headache it was. Castiel hadn’t felt pounding like this since the Leviathans clawed out of his chest. Dean’s bed was empty and steam poured out of the crack under the door to the bathroom. Yet another deeply human thing, the shower.
It was a Sunday. Dean knew he wouldn’t be seeing Cas because of his parents. Now that the school year was nearly over, though, he knew he’d be seeing more of him soon. The phone ringing caught him off guard. Dean paused the game.
Less than a week into the summer, Dean knew he had to get a job. If he was going to be taking Cas on dates, he’d need money. Thankfully, he didn’t have to look far.
As he approached the door, Cas stopped him. “Dean.”
“I’ve never had a friend in my life that treats me like you do. You.. you care about me. Your whole family cares about me. I mean, I live here now. I just can’t risk it.”
Dean called the Novak house. It took awhile for it to be picked up, but Dean let out a relieved sigh when Anna spoke. “Novak residence, Anna speaking.”
Dean had never heard Cas sound like this before. So submissive, so quiet, so… not Cas.
Now it was Mary’s turn to speak with no words. The death glare she shot him for cursing at the dinner table could burn through steel.
Cas tried to hide his face behind the glasses and mess of hair.. “I, um… I’ve been having nightmares lately. About my family.”
Cas gave him a glare. “I’ll kill you. In your own room, dammit.”
“Did you know?” he asked softly.
“It looks delicious, Mrs. Winchester,” Cas said. Dean couldn’t help but smile, as that was somehow exactly what he thought Cas would say. “Thank you, Cas,” his mother said with a smile. “But please. Call me Mary.”
“Know what?”
He walked into Singer Automotive with a confident smile to hide the nervousness. This job could be the first step in a life-long career he’d always dreamed of. There was a guy bent over in the hood of a car, so Dean walked up. “Excuse me?” They guy jumped, smacking the back of his head against the hood. “Shit!”
Cas looked up at him, his eyes swollen nearly shut. “Do I finish school?”
“In the office,” the guy - Benny, according to the nametag- said, jerking a thumb towards a grey door nearly hidden in the wall. Dean nodded his thanks and headed towards the door, knocking. “Come in,” came a gruff, familiar voice.
“What about Cassie?”
“That’s what being human does, buddy. Quit studying the cup and just drink the damn water.” Castiel felt his face contort in mockery before he took a slow sip. He drained the cup in one long pull.
“Mom says I have to go now, and that Cassie won’t be coming over tonight.”
... Hey sorry it’s been almost a year. I’m a mess of a person but I felt reinspired to work on this. Just a short bit of fluff to get back into the story!
“Says the absolute lunatic who just crawled in my window in the middle of December.”
Once the initial surprise passed, Dean looked at Cas. “Did my family place bets on us?” Cas didn’t answer, too busy cracking up. Dean couldn’t help but stare. The way his nose was crinkled up, his bright smile, just the sound of his laugh. It was enough to melt his heart. He tightened his arms around Cas’ waist and peppered his face with kisses. This, in turn, caused Cas to laugh even harder.
Cas sniffled and rubbed at his eyes. “You think so?”
Dean noticed the missing brother. But he didn’t pry. He knew that look. Castiel just wasn’t ready to tell Dean about his other brother or brothers. And that was fine. Dean felt lucky to have gotten him to open up as much as he had.
The room was quiet, except for the beeping of the machines that Cas was hooked up to.
Football season made it hard to see Cas. Even when Dean didn’t have practice, he was spending time with his team for “bonding” or whatever. Coach Singer made it clear that he had to be there if he wanted a shot at captain his senior year. “A team does more than play together,” he would say. The guys were fine, Dean thought. He didn’t dislike any of them, but he wasn’t really close with them. They got along just fine. But compared to the friendship he’d built with Cas, they were practically strangers.
“Alright, a few quick announcements and then we’ll get to the court nominees and winners. First of all, shirts are being sold next to the concession stand for $10. Also, after the fourth quarter starts, popcorn is only 50¢ a bag. And finally, tickets for the dance are on sale! Go to the shirt stand and ask for a ticket. You have to have a Lawrence High ID to buy one, but your guest can go to any school, so long as they are below the age of 21. Okay, now that that’s out of the way, here is your 1994 homecoming court!”
Mary gasped. “He has a girlfriend?! Oh my gosh I... I have to meet her!”
“Ask her on a date, dude!”
“I hate you.”
The tense staring whenever they were close.
“Dean, windows. Don’t be a dick.”
Dean punched him in the arm.
“What the hell is a chick flick?”
Behind him, a familiar voice caught his attention. “Dude, you smell like ass.”
“I’m not so sure about that,” came Cas’ reply, muffled by Dean’s chest.
“It would look better if they had a skinny tie, no stripes, and darker.”
“Need me to be a reference?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Nearly a week went by before Dean saw Cas again. He was doing his homework when he saw Cas walking on the sidewalk and staring up at his window. Dean opened it with a lopsided smile. “Hey, you gonna climb up or use the front door?”
“Hey, Dean?” Cas asked, his thumbs flying over the controller.
On that last word, Cas’ voice broke and a tear fell down his face.
“Are you even listening?” Cas asked, looking only mildly irritated.
“I guess so. Have a good night, Dean.”
“You kiddin’ me? ‘Course not. I figured you’d tell me when you were ready for me to know,” Dean replied, reaching behind him and closing the window to stop the cold from getting in.
Lisa released another squeal. “Aww! I could tell from the night of the game, you two were sooo sweet on each other. This is so cute!”
Dean shook his head with a little smile. “You’re strange, Novak.”
As they approached the house, Dean remembered something. “Oh, Cas, uh, every year on the last day of school, our mom gets us a gift. It’s always small but thoughtful. Knowing her, she got you one too.”
He looked up again and saw lines of worry etched into Dean’s face. His golden eyebrows crinkled over his concerned green eyes. “Mm,” Cas mumbled. “I know you’re talking but I didn’t catch any of it.”
Dean kissed his nose before letting out a yawn. “Alright, angel, get some rest, okay?”
Dean frowned. “I, uh, I don’t know, Cas.”
Mary walked over to him. “Is he okay?”
“Cool,” Mary said, her smile growing wider. “Thank you for telling me.”
Lisa was quiet for a moment, looking like she was carefully choosing her words. “I can’t do this in good conscience. You don’t have feelings for me and I can tell you have them for someone else. And that’s fine! Really, it is. That kind of connection just isn’t something I want to get between.”
Dean climbed out from beneath the bed, cracking his neck.
The current team captain, a senior named Gordon, was leading the team in a pep talk. If Dean was being honest, they didn’t need much of a pep talk to beat Cavalry. Every year, like clockwork, Lawrence handed Cavalry their rich Catholic asses on a silver platter.
Cas looked down. “Right. April.”
“April. You still dating April?”
Soon their plates were empty, their stomachs were full, and there was laughter in the air. Dean was back in the conversation, though he mostly watched Cas. Mary got to her feet with a smile. “Sammy, sweetie, can you help me with the dishes? Dean, go pick out a movie. And Cas. You are cordially invited to our movie night. That being said, start some popcorn in the microwave.” “What happened to Cas not lifting a finger?” Dean asked. “That was when he was a guest. Cas, honey, you’re welcome here anytime.”
“That sounds cool.”
Castiel held the eye contact. “Your eyes contain multitudes of green shading. Colors no man could even imagine. Or angel.”
Dean didn’t know what to expect, but it wasn’t this.
“Sorry!” called out a voice. “He’s not supposed to get outside, but I guess with all the chaos and the door being open…” The voice belonged to a boy around Dean’s age, with a mess of dark hair and thick-rimmed glasses. The boy scooped the cat up into his arms, and the cat immediately started to snuggle into his arms and lick his hand. “Hi, I’m Castiel,” the boy said, looking up from the cat to Dean.
“Hey Mom, I, um…. I’m gay.”
“Yeah, and I liked her too. I think she thought I was in love with Charlie or something,” Dean said with a chuckle. “Charlie’s even gayer than you, though.” Cas had met Charlie a time or two, and they seemed to get along really well.
“How was the auto shop?” Cas asked, not looking up from his intense stirring.
“Waking up next to you every morning.”
“Me too.”
“Well, he isn’t sick or hurt or anything, he’s just upset I think.”
“What’s up?”
Dean smiled even wider. “I got the job.”
“Oh, she’s fine, we decided to stay friends,” Cas answered, swiping a few fries through ketchup.
Dean looked over to see Lisa, wearing a black apron around her waist.
“About that, Dean.” Sam took a deep breath. “The firm has an opening in the DC office. It’s better pay and it would open up some really cool opportunities for me.”
“So that’s why you’re so eager to get rid of me.” He lifted his leg and pivoted off the bench. “I need some fresh air.”
There’s a small splash as the fish hit the water, but the sea lions took no notice of it and continued to stare impassively at Sam where he stood on the ship deck. Just after sunrise they had been swimming in long arcs parallel to the shore of the nearby island, but as the
Cas moved away from the bed and sat down in his desk chair, letting out a sigh. “You don’t know that,” he said quietly.
“Cas, Dean, what’s up?
“Well, sir, I’d like a job.”
“Your parents seem tough,” Dean said softly. Castiel nodded. “Yeah, they’re good people. They’re just… sheep.” Dean furrowed his eyebrows. “How do you mean? “They blindly follow a religion, with no proof, no evidence. Their beliefs aren’t backed up by anything!”
Castiel looked around, tracing his fingers over the stove. “Dean, this place is amazing! How did you find it?”
His father asked a question, seeming oddly cold and detached. Dean watched Cas nod his head. His mother began to cry even harder, turning into her husband’s side for comfort. As he wrapped his arm around her, Mr. Novak gestured to her, speaking calmly. And with that, he led his wife to the door.
Dean wrapped his arm around Cas’ waist, pressing a kiss to his jaw. “You know what else sounds good?”
She looked at him with an expression reminiscent of Sam’s trademark bitchface.
“I dunno. I don’t want to leave him alone…”
(See the end of the chapter for
They landed with a heavy thud, Dean on top of Cas with his legs straddling Cas’ waist. Cas’ glasses had flown off, and his bright blue eyes were wide and surprised. Once the initial shock wore off, Dean got up, sitting on his knees. “Here.” He offered Cas his hand to help him sit. As Cas took it and sat up, Dean realized that he was practically sitting in Cas’ lap. He scrambled to his feet, feeling his face heat up. With a short glance, he saw Cas’ face was red too.
It took a few moments for the boys to find the glasses, Dean eventually spotting them under the bed. He reached under and grabbed them, handing them to Cas. The fall had bent them slightly out of shape, so they didn’t sit quite right on Cas’ nose. Dean reached out and fixed them, placing his hands on Cas’ shoulders when he was done. “There. Good as new.”
Cas looked down, his voice shaky. “No, Dean, it’s not okay. I don’t think you realize how good you are to me, and how much it hurts knowing I can’t have you.”
Cas finished his school year at Cavalry, as his parents had paid for the entirety of his sophomore year. On the last day of school for both Lawrence Public Schools and Cavalry, Dean waited in the Impala to pick Cas up. Oh, the Impala.
“Right. Sorry.”
Dinner was awkward. Cas acted normal around Sam and Mary, talking about his new pencils, his plans for the summer, Sammy’s band award, and all the other hot talking points. Dean was too busy thinking about what the hell had just happened. He ate, spoke when spoken to, and tried not to stare at Cas. Their eyes didn’t meet throughout the meal, but he could feel Cas’ gaze when he looked anywhere else.
