“Just get out Steve.” He said instead, walking away from the other man. “I can’t even look at you right now.”
“I don’t care. Steve.” This time, it was Tony who began to walk away. Retreating to the elevators, back to his lab, no doubt.
“Stop saying that shit!”
“I’m the worst man in America. Maybe even the entire world. I took you for granted and I mislead you for months and I'm so sorry. I don’t know why I was so scared, you would’ve been the best soulmate. You’re intuitive and brilliant and so fucking funny. I’m sorry I wasted your time and I’m so beyond sorry for not telling you.”
Steve knew he had to leave. He couldn’t keep hurting Tony and he couldn’t keep allowing Tony to destroy him. It had to end before they ended up broken beyond repair. It had to end if not for themselves, for the team. He stood slowly and walked to the door. He could feel Tony’s eyes tracking his movements as he approached the exit.
“Oh God,” Tony groaned. “Not Mr. Self Righteous. I’ll never get anything done if he’s looking over my shoulder all day Pep!”
Tony just shrugged, walking away from Steve to rearrange his desk.
As the doors slid shut, hiding a broken Captain behind them, Tony’s hands began to shake. He’d done the one thing he’d thought he’d never do—reject his soulmate. But he had no choice. His mark, what was left of it at least, was burning. Tony raised a shaking hand, snaking it under his shirt to trace the raised lines. Everything hurt.
According to the information relayed by JARVIS, he was to help a newly thawed Captain America save New York—or maybe the world. It was all just semantics, he supposed.
Steve lost his train of thought as Tony came over and stole a grape out of the bowl of fruit on his lap. “Get your own, Stark.” He laughed.
“Tony-” Steve paused, trying to think of a way to word things to prevent a blow-up. “I don’t think- actually, I know I can’t do this anymore.”
“Moving on, your access to my areas in this tower have been limited. If you need me, J is more than happy to act as a messenger.”
Steve wished it was an isolated incident. It wasn’t. At least twice a week, he would find himself wandering down to the lab. They’d fight, throw scathing words across the room at each other. Then, Tony would grab his face and pull him into a kiss. Then he would rip Tony’s shirt, and Tony would pop the button on his jeans. It was all angry and harsh and mean until Steve was inside Tony. It was only then that they could slow down. Steve would drape himself over Tony’s back, or Tony would entangle their fingers and take control, sometimes they would pause for a moment, completely entangled in each other. It was only then that Steve could kiss Tony lazily, taking him apart slowly. The problem was, as soon as they finished, it was back to cold stares and harsh words. The emotional whiplash was taking a toll on Steve.
“Tony” She said, voice saturated with unspoken apologies.
“I want you to realize that he was scared, Tony. He didn’t know what he felt, and he didn’t want to wrap you up in anything confusing and complicated when he didn’t have to. Yes, I agree that what he did was selfish. Beyond that, it was cruel. But that was never his intention and you know that.” Natasha said calmly, never breaking eye contact.
“I can’t lose him. There has to be a way for me to help him! We can work through this.” She argued.
“Are you going to tell him to come back?”
Tony’s heart sank. Despite her best efforts, Pepper couldn’t chase away his fears.
Steve packed his things as quickly as he could, throwing all of his clothing into a few boxes and shoving his notebooks and sketchpads into a backpack he’d taken from Bruce’s vacant room. As he packed his things away, he flipped through on of his sketchpads, his favorite one from before.
“So, you’re telling me that my best friend is going to be a shell of himself forever?” Pepper asked. Tony didn't want that at all. He wanted to build and go to galas and tease Pepper. He felt a tear slip down his cheek, wishing his body would allow him to participate in his own life.
“Sorry, um, I was just thinking. Do you know what that mark is?” Steve asked, feigning innocence. Maybe Stark had already found his match and Steve was just seeing things. It couldn’t be his mark upon the other man’s chest. They weren’t even born in the same time period! It just wasn’t possible.
“Yes. Get dressed. I told him you’d be back within the hour.”
Pepper had just laughed and asked him about the deal they were trying to cut with a company in Sweden, distracting Tony from the pang in his chest as he thought about how Steve wanted nothing to do with him. He couldn’t figure out why it mattered so much to him. Sure, Steve was attractive—practically an Adonis—but he’d had silly crushes before, and they never left him feeling so torn up about little things like this.
There were no pleasantries. Tony simply looked at him and pulled a crumpled piece of paper from his suit pocket.
Tony broke the kiss again, peppering kisses down Steve’s neck instead. Leaving marks that would fade within minutes due to the serum. He grasped the hem of Steve’s shirt and tugged it up. “Off. Want this off.” He said, tracing Steve’s abs with his hands as Steve quickly tore off his white tee, forgetting about the light red lines that it had been hiding.
Tony’s mind was racing a mile a minute as he took in the sight before him. Sure, the lines weren’t raised, and the color was a bit faded, but there on Steve’s chest was his mark. He’d never expected to see it on anyone and then there it was on his teammate’s—his friend’s-- chest. Steve had to have known about it. He’d seen the old ads, he’d even teased Tony about a few. And still, he’d never thought to mention that they were supposed to be fucking soulmates.
“No. We can’t. Go back to bed Captain.” The dismissiveness in Tony’s voice broke Steve’s heart. He’d really lost one of his best friends.
“You don’t know how badly I want to be here, Tony. You’ll never understand how impossible it is for me to walk away from you.” Steve argued, walking back towards the other man, furiously wiping a tear off his own cheek. He was supposed to be strong right now, for both of them.
“Talk to him.” She said. “He seems really sorry. If it was all a misunderstanding, we have a chance to fix it.”
“Alright, alright.” Tony laughed, moving away from Steve so they could remove any articles of clothing that were separating them. Steve hadn’t heard Tony laugh in- it didn’t matter. He had to focus. When Tony climbed back onto Steve’s lap, he pressed a bottle of lube into his hand.
Fuck. He wasn’t expecting Steve to sound so sure of himself. But there he was, telling Tony that he would do whatever he wanted.
If anyone were to ask Steve what happened next, he wouldn’t know what to say. He couldn’t tell who moved first, but they were kissing. It wasn’t soft, it wasn’t sweet. It was rough, all teeth and tongue, it was a battle.
“I know, Steve, I know. It’s okay, we’re okay now.” Tony comforted.
“Tony I’m so sorry. I wish I could go back and-”
When Steve first saw Tony Stark, he didn’t know how to react. The inventor was cocky and brazen, sweeping into the room like he owned it and infuriating Steve in the process. On the other hand, he couldn’t help but feel a swell in his chest at the sight of Tony, something he hadn’t felt since Peggy, but stronger. He pushed it away quickly. Captain America could not like men like that.
“I thought it would be easier that way. I didn’t know you wanted me the same way I wanted you, Capsicle. And to be fair, I was still a little angry.” Tony said, squeezing Steve’s hand.
“Yes.”
“Tony please.”
“This is all my fault.” Steve whispered, pressing his hands to his eyes. All he was trying to do was protect Tony, not kill him.
“Get here. Now. I’ll send JARVIS the location”
Before he could snap back at Fury, the call ended.
“Jesus, Stevie, that’s one big mark.” Bucky said, taking in the geometric pattern that was spreading across his friend’s chest.
“Mother fucker.” Tony swore. Getting up from his place on the sofa.
“I needed to talk to you. Er, well, tell you something.”
He was broken out of his thoughts by a tapping at the door. “Go away!” He shouted, feeling like a child who’d been caught having a tantrum in their room.
The agent cleared her throat.
“No.” Tony croaked as his legs finally gave out and he slid to the floor, hot tears rolling down his cheeks. His own soulmate didn’t want him. It was never that he didn’t have a soulmate, he’d had one all along. It was that his soulmate found out who he was and decided they’d rather not be with him. What kind of cruel decision was that?
“On, Steve, don’t cry.” Tony murmured, pulling the larger man into him and wrapping his arms around Steve’s shaking shoulders.
“Get in me now or get out of my lab, Rogers.” He snapped, moving off Steve’s fingers and stroking Steve languidly. Steve couldn’t argue any longer, positioning himself at Tony’s hole and pressing in slowly. He loved the control. He loved knowing that he had what Tony wanted and he could control how soon he got it. He loved Tony- no, he couldn’t.
Damn.
“This is too big!” He wailed, looking to Jarvis for help. “There must be a way to shrink it down a little.”
Tony froze. “What? No. I told him to get out of my lab. Jesus, why would you ask that?”
No response.
“Interesting. Well, I think that’s enough Stark for me for one day.” He said, trying to keep his voice light. He had to find Tony. Maybe there was a simple explanation for all of this. His heart was racing. Why did this have to happen to him?
“Did you know?” He asked sharply, searching Steve’s eyes intently. Steve didn’t know what to say. What could he say? Before he had the chance to speak, Tony jumped in again. “Holy shit. You knew! You knew this whole fucking time! And you never said anything at all.”
“Stark.” Natasha warned from the other side. He knew she would get in somehow, she always found ways around the rules.
By the time Pepper left, giving him a warning look when he said he was ‘almost done’ with his project, he had all but forgotten about their talk of the Captain. That is, until said man came knocking at the door to his workshop. “Let him in J.” Tony said from his place at his work bench.
“Open this door now, Steve Rogers!” Natasha spoke from the hallway.
Without stopping she answered, “He wants to see you. Get up.”
The worst time was when night fell. Loneliness would settle into his bones, forcing him awake at the worst hours. It was then that Tony would invade every thought he had. He couldn’t shake the feeling of loss that had plagued him since he’d left with Bucky the first time.
When she pulled back, she held his face in her hands, staring into his eyes for a moment before speaking. “You, Tony Stark, are beyond good enough. If you don’t want Steve to come back that’s fine. I’ll tell him to stay away. If you want to try, even for an hour, I can tell him to get here. I know what it’s like for your soulmate to break you. But every day, every single day, I wake up wishing we could try again. I won’t let you face the same fate.”
Steve didn’t try to argue again. He simply nodded and left the lab, leaving Tony to his thoughts. Once the door had swung shut behind him, Tony spoke once more. “Remove Mr. Roger’s access to my floors, J. I don’t want to see him anywhere.”
“Mother, why is it so big?” He whimpered.
Tony guffawed. “Oh, you dick!”
After a while, it became habit for Steve to seek Tony out in the field, covering his back any chance he got. Sometimes, he considered approaching Tony off the battlefield. It couldn’t hurt to get to know him a little better. For team purposes, of course. Steve was still hoping the soulmate part of things could be avoided. There was no way they would work as a pair. Stark was brazen and cocky and infuriating. And Steve was, in his own opinion, a gentleman. And to make matters worse, Tony didn’t seem to like him at all.
After the first three weeks, Pepper had called a doctor and a psychologist to the tower to examine Tony. He barely had the heart to answer their questions, remaining curled in his sheets. After the exam, Pepper had led them outside the room, far enough for them to speak freely but close enough for Tony to hear. She knew he hated secrets, and after the last secret that was kept from him, he had begged her to make sure he knew what was going on.
“Tony, that’s not what I want at all. I want to see you. I love seeing you.” Steve argued.
Steve tugged Tony’s shirt over his head, peppering kisses across his skin before moving back to his lips and letting his hands explore the other man’s chest. His fingers moved to the reactor, noticing the way Tony’s skin raised slightly where scars had been left. He traced each one, listening to the way Tony’s breath hitched slightly.
“Captain?”
“It was sex. It was a release. Now we’re back to normal and you need to go back to your room.”
Tony’s little “rest” lasted for weeks. He felt like he was drowning constantly, unable to stay above the rising tides of his own sadness. Pepper visited as often as possible, making sure he was at least semi-functional. Tony didn’t speak most days, but he hoped she knew how truly grateful he was.
“Don’t start that game, I promise I’ll win.” Steve warned with a grin, grabbing for another piece of fruit and hurling it at Tony.
He tugged Tony even closer, trying to avoid his wild thoughts and focus on the beautiful man in front of him. Tony gasped into his mouth as his hands slipped lower, finding the hem of Tony’s t-shirt and slipping under, hands meeting warm, smooth skin. Tony’s rough hands scrabbled at the front of Steve’s shirt, trying to tug it off.
“Steve?” Tony asked, so softly Steve could’ve missed it.
He was. But that wasn’t what caused Steve to freeze. In the photo, Tony Stark was shirtless. Steve had seen plenty of shirtless men, he was in the army for God’s sake. Regardless, this was shocking because on Tony’s chest, spread across the tan expanse were red lines. Not just any red lines either. They were raised and specifically patterned in a shape that Steve had only seen on one other person. Himself.
“Yeah, well, for starters you could stay the hell away from me. I’m not your friend. I’m not your pal. I’m not even your acquaintance. And honestly, Rogers, I wish I wasn’t your god damn soulmate. Get out.”
“How could they? You’re brilliant, and handsome, and incredibly funny.” Pepper smiled, resting a soft hand on his cheek.
“J?” He panted, tearing at his shirt. “Take me to my room. I think I should rest.”
He just wanted Tony to talk to him again like he used to. He missed the jabs and jests and the fiery arguments. Now, it was silence then a look and then more silence. Steve could hardly take it. They used to talk constantly, generally about nothing, but talking all the same. And then Steve chose to give it up. He chose to walk away from someone who was beyond important to him. He had no choice, it came down to Bucky or Tony and he had to choose Bucky.
…..............................................
“What? What do you want me to say? That I'm going to forgive him for lying for months about what we were? That we can just go back to normal like our chests aren’t literally fucked up for each other?” He yelled.
“It’s just your mark, Tony. Nothing more.” The doctor explained, chuckling as he pointed to Tony’s bare chest.
“I’m a big boy, I can handle myself.” Tony smiled, tangling their fingers together.
Steve’s lips quirked up in a wry smile. Tony felt like his heart was stuttering. “Anyway, here’s this. I’ll be back in a couple hours to make sure you get to bed.” Steve said, turning swiftly to leave the room.
“Yeah, Buck. But don’t worry, you’re stuck with me ‘til the end.” He said, ruffling his friend’s hair.
“I really am sorry Tony. I’m the luckiest man on Earth to have you as my soulmate.” Steve said again, thinking it may be best to walk out of the room.
Five weeks in, he knew it had to stop. Tony’s hatred burned holes in him, and the physicality of the relationship just confused his head. It was like an addiction. He kept coming back, waiting for Tony to destroy him and then piece him back together again like any other piece of tech in the lab. The only difference was Steve was the only thing in the lab that Tony broke without the intention of putting it back together.
“Soul marks aren’t made to be rejected, ma’am.” He responded. This time, Tony couldn’t hear Pepper arguing. She was crying, audible sobs ringing through the rooms on his floor of the tower. Tony wished he could argue with the doctors in that moment, but he was just too exhausted. He wanted to tell them that he had no choice, Steve didn’t want him and their marks were a waste of time.
“He used to do advertisements, before he had to man the company.” The agent chipped in, noticing his gaze. “He was cute, right?” She asked.
“Stop that, Rogers. I didn’t come here to make fun of you for your picture.” Tony said, voice tinged with a bit of annoyance. “I came here to ask a few things. The first question just happened to be about the picture, that’s all.”
“Seriously, Tony! Is that what you call an eviction notice? Jesus Christ, I can’t believe you!”
“Never tell him.” His mother commanded, sounding more alert than she had in years. “He can never know. It will devastate him, my poor baby.”
“I can’t sleep.” Steve started, standing awkwardly in the doorway.
“Yes, there is. There’s someone out there wearing the same mark as you and counting down the seconds until they get to know you.” She comforted, approaching him slowly.
Steve’s heart sank. He used to wish that he was Bucky’s match, that way they wouldn’t ever have to leave each other. But Buck loved dames, probably a lot more than Steve did. He wasn’t gay, no. That was a dangerous claim to make. He was just picky. The only one he liked was Peggy. And that was okay with him.
Steve felt wrecked. He’d only been hiding this stupid mark because he didn’t even know what it meant for him. He’d never even considered the possibility of being with a man, let alone the son of one of his friends! The whole time he’d been thinking about what hiding it would do for him, rather than what it would do to Tony.
“I replaced the original materials with some lighter stuff. And the blades were reinforced too. I’m thinking about trying some new designs for you as well.” He gushed. Talking about weapons was so much easier than thinking about Steve. So much easier and so much less painful. Natasha seemed to understand because she didn’t push for answers, just walked around the lab, occasionally asking what things did.
He held up his hand, signaling for his teammate to come sit with him on the couch. Tony looked confused, and possibly annoyed, but sat down anyways.
He stomped to the lab, imagining hundreds of things to yell at the other man. ‘Why are you doing this? Why can’t you see that I’m sorry?’ or ‘Stop being so childish!’. Maybe he could hit him with a ‘I’m Captain America! I’m not leaving my team.’ or ‘Stop, please. I love you and I’m sorry.’ What? No. No he would not say that. When he reached the door he didn’t pause to think, just stormed in and demanded that Friday cut the music.
Tony heard one of the doctors sigh, psychologist, maybe? “Miss Potts there’s no illness.”
“Alright, speak up and then get out.” Tony said, sitting up and looking at Steve.
At some point, Tony flipped them, straddling Steve’s lap and raking his nails along Steve’s back. When one hand trailed down to Steve’s waistband, he couldn’t stop the moan that ripped from his chest.
…..............................................
“Stevie, you gotta stop pacing. I need sleep.” Bucky groaned from his place in Steve’s bed, tossing a pillow in his general direction.
“No.”
“Wait,” Tony said, climbing out of his bed and walking towards Steve. When Steve caught sight of Tony, his heart sank. He had obviously lost weight, and his face was pale and gaunt. “What if I told you that I forgive you.”
He paused, turning to face Tony. All of the sudden, Tony couldn’t breathe. Jesus Christ, what was going on with him? He’d never acted like this before, not even with Pepper. If he didn’t know any better, he would’ve thought Steve was his soulmate or something. He didn’t have a soulmate though. He couldn’t, not after Afghanistan and the reactor. His mark was basically gone and regardless, Steve Rogers was absolutely straight and absolutely not interested in Tony Stark.
Once they were alone, Steve sunk into the chair that was next to Tony’s bedside. He let out a sigh and rested his head in his hands. He didn’t even know where to begin anymore, Tony was done with him and he didn’t know how to change his mind.
“What do you have to say that you haven’t said already?” He asked, turning around with anger in his eyes. “You broke me, Steve! You had every piece of me and you dumped it on the ground and ran away with your little buddy! I don’t owe you anything, and even if I did, I don’t have anything to give you.”
“I shouldn’t cry. This is on me. I just. I wish there was something I could do to show you that I’m so sor-”
“You’re not ready,” Steve tried to argue, emphasizing his claim by pressing another finger into Tony and giving him a pointed look when he gasped.
“Tony-” Steve begged.
Tony didn’t know what to say. He was breaking her heart and he was ruining the team but what else was he to do? Steve made it very clear that he was not interested by hiding his mark for months.
“Please” Her voice broke and she moved away from the bed again. “The both of you are wrecked. It’s bad for the team and it’s bad for SI.”
Tony wrenched his arm from Steve’s grasp, finally showing a bit of emotion as he turned to face the larger man. “Last rule, do not ever touch me again.” And with that, he was on the elevator, doors sliding shut as Steve crumpled to his knees.
“Rogers?”
“I’m not asking for anything anymore.” Steve said. His presence was hurting both of them more than he’d realized. He was trying to take from an empty man and Tony was trying to get rid of his own hurt. They were tearing each other apart and Steve knew that it would go on forever if he didn’t step up and end it.
She smiled wryly at him, “You’ll have to ask him that yourself.”
“What’s this about?” He asked, referring to the lack of physical contact.
“In the picture, we were- well, you know.” Tony said with a waive of his hand. “Was that something you wanted?”
“Every time you come back, I’ll let you. I can’t, though. You always leave and then I sit here and wonder why you can’t get yourself to stay. And then I end up wondering why I couldn’t get you to stay.”
…..............................................
“I have never wanted anything as much as I want you, Tony Stark. I want your crazy and your obsessive and your egotistical and your sleep deprived and whatever else you’ll give me. I just want you. And I'm so sorry for not telling you that you’re the only one for me.” Steve said, giving Tony a little smile.
The door opened and Natasha walked in slowly, glancing around at the weapons and other tech strewn across the tables and the floor. “Nice place...” She commented, not looking in Tony’s direction. He knew she was trying to make him feel more comfortable with the intrusion, but it was still weird having someone invade his lab like this.
“Can I touch you?” Steve asked quietly, bringing one hand up to Tony’s face. He nodded and Steve’s hand came closer, cradling his cheek. Tony leaned into the touch, closing his eyes.
One night, after one too many drinks, he kissed her. After only a few seconds, she pulled away. “Tony,” She said, staring at him. “We can’t.” She turned her hand over and removed her silver cuff bracelet that he had bought her on one of their business trips in France. There, on her dainty wrist, was a blue swirl.
“Stark, we need you. Now”
“I don’t know what you want me to say to him, Miss Potts. He made things awfully clear last time we talked.” Came a reply from Steve. He sounded somber. Good, Tony thought, he should be sad. Tony tried to uncurl from his position when someone entered the room again. It was humiliating to be rendered practically useless in front of anyone, but especially Pepper. She was so strong. And Tony felt so weak.
“Oh.” Steve said. “Yeah, no, I guess you’re right. Don’t know what came over me. I’m just gonna-” He gestured towards the door, holding his sweats and his t-shirt in one hand.
“As you wish.” JARVIS complied. “Shall I contact Miss Potts?”
“Not really. I mean, some say it weakens the initial bond. But over time, the bond will grow to its normal strength.”
Sometimes, he would sit and picture a life where they had retired. They would’ve moved somewhere quiet, away from the danger that plagued cities all over. Tony would’ve bought them a house, something big, hopefully near the mountains or a lake, something for Steve to draw while he lounged on the porch. Tony would have a lab, but he would spend more time outside with Steve, exploring and relaxing and being happy, for once. Every once in a while, Steve would picture children, maybe a boy who loved to tinker and invent, like Tony. And maybe a pretty little girl who stuck with Steve. It was all a hopeless dream, he knew, but he wished it wasn’t. It could’ve been real, but he gave it all up.
“Oh my God. Tony.” Steve moaned, moving to bite at Tony’s neck.
She sighed, pity flashing in her eyes. “He’s gone. Left a few nights ago, Tony. He said you thought it would be better this way.”
Steve felt panicked again. This was never supposed to happen. Steve was never going to have to admit to any of this to Tony. This was never supposed to happen. It was just a silly dream.
…..............................................
“If it wasn’t for the team, I wouldn’t have ever called you here. But teams have to be united, that’s just how it works. So, I’m asking you to come back. If you have a problem with me, you don’t have to see me. I avoid the main floors for the most part.” Tony began, voice devoid of any emotion.
“I want to know, Steve. I’m not asking for anything else, I’m just asking if you’ll let me forgive you so we can move on.” Tony replied softly. He could see the effect the past weeks had on Steve now that he was up close. It looked like he hadn’t slept in days and his eyes were red and swollen, as if he’d been crying. The sight broke Tony’s already shattered heart.
“This doesn’t change anything.” Tony gasped into Steve’s mouth as Steve picked him up and moved them to the couch.
“It’s a mess. But I finished your new knives the other day. Not too shabby, if I do say so myself.” He quipped, masking his pain with showmanship.
Steve launched forward, hand closing over one of Tony’s arms. He felt so much smaller than before, Steve’s heart broke a little more and the lines on his chest absolutely throbbed. “Tony, please!” He begged.
“He told me a few things—but I’m having a hard time understanding why you kicked him out.” She said.
“You’ll see one day. You’ll be so happy, baby. You’ll see” She said, perching on the edge of his bed and taking her son’s hand gently. There was something sad in her eyes, despite her words of comfort.
When he got to his room that night, he saw a pamphlet on his bed. He figured it must be something mission-related from Nat or Clint or Fury or anyone, really. Upon closer inspection, it was a flier for an apartment nearby. Steve’s hand shook as he picked up the next item, a check. It was a check from the one and only Tony Stark, subject line: First and Last plus Security Deposit. Steve’s fist closed around the papers. So, this was how Tony wanted to play it. He didn’t want to forgive and forget, he wanted Steve to get out and stay the hell away.
When Tony Stark turned 16, his chest lit up from within. The burning was so intense that he forced Jarvis to call a doctor to the house, just in case.
“I didn’t know what to say to you. I’d just gotten out of the ice and I didn’t even know that this was a possibility and--” Steve continued on.
Bucky was at his side before he knew it, easing him down onto the bed. “Take off your shirt. Maybe it’s your mark! Mine didn’t hurt nearly at all, but maybe yours is a little bigger.” Bucky reasoned, helping his friend tug off his shirt so they could get a glimpse of his bony chest.
He walked into the lab as Tony was deconstructing an old suit. He glanced up from his work for a second before instructing Steve to wait on the couch for him. Once he finished, he approached the couch, tugging his shirt off before reaching Steve.
“Shit.” Tony groaned, scrubbing his hands over his face before trying to arrange his hair into something more presentable. “Let her in.”
After what felt like hours, she looked at Tony, face giving off no indication of what she knew or what she wanted to know. “What happened?”
“Never said that.”
Tony never figured out what his mother had hidden from him that night. And within the next few years, she was dead. Both his parents were. At only 17 years old, Tony Stark was an orphan. They had died in a car accident, caused by his drunk of a father, no doubt. Tony spiraled for months, years even. Then, he met Rhodey and later they met Pepper, who worked tirelessly to pull him together and help him handle the company and everything that came with it.
“I’m not going to kill you Rogers. It’s a workshop not a torture chamber.” Tony said, glancing up at the stoic man.
Tony’s legs shook wildly as he approached the man in his doorway. Before this, he had been so so angry with Steve. He’d wanted nothing to do with the big, broken man. But he was beginning to think that Steve might not actually hate him and that he might actually be sorry.
“It’s not right? Do you have some kind of issue with me, Rogers?” Tony asked. Here we go, Steve thought. The fight was unavoidable.
After that, it was as if they were in a panic. They moved together quickly and efficiently. Steve flipped Tony over and fucked into him over and over, faster than he thought he could. Tony egged him on the whole way, panting and moaning and begging until the very last second.
It was July 3, 1932 and Steve Rogers absolutely, under no circumstances, could sleep. The following day was his birthday and within the next few hours he would get his mark. It happened to everyone, but he couldn’t fight the nervous churning in his stomach. What if it hurt? Or worse, what if he didn’t get a mark? The anxiety of the whole process was eating away at the skinny boy.
Steve’s heart broke just a little more. Why wasn’t he understanding? Why couldn’t Tony see what he was feeling? It should be obvious.
“Wait.” Tony said, unmoving from his position by the elevator. “We should talk. Don’t worry, I’ll start since we know one of us struggles with honesty.” His voice was scathing, cutting Steve right to his core. He was so stupid.
There was no answer, which meant someone had instructed the AI to avoid answering him. So Tony was awake, he guessed as he shoved his slippers on and ran a hand through his hair. He just wanted to talk. He just wanted his friend back.
Steve had assumed this meant Tony had finally gotten his anger out. He’d thought this meant they could be okay. He though wrong, apparently.
“Yeah, Tony?”
“She seemed worried about you.”
“You can’t.” The other man said solemnly. Tony heard Pepper gasp softly. Had his heart not been burning, it would’ve broken for his best friend.
Tony just nodded and tugged his clothes back on, not waiting to see if Steve was leaving. Not to worry, Steve thought, he knew when he wasn’t wanted somewhere.
“Started watching the Star Wars movies again. Can’t believe I missed out on those for so many years.” Steve chuckled, trying to break the ice that had settled into every crack in their friendship. It was so hard to sit and watch Tony forget about him and what they had. It was so hard to know he’d given up his friend.
“They’re very nice, Tony. So much lighter now.” She commented.
“I can’t--” He paused, fighting back the tears from his voice. “I can’t look at him without remembering that I wasn’t good enough.”
His heart sank, but he couldn’t dwell on it for long before the door was flung open. “Get up.” Natasha snapped, moving to his closet and flinging clothing at him.
“I don’t know anymore.” Steve whispered, dropping his head into his hands. Everything was spinning. He wanted to cry or scream or run away but he was frozen. It was over this time. He knew that as soon as he walked out the door, he wouldn’t be welcomed back in again.
“I- uh—I brought you something.” Steve stumbled, awkwardly presenting a plate with a sandwich and some fruit. “Figured you had water or something down here already.” He shrugged.
“Oh, you hear that J? Steve here is gonna build his own lab.” Tony laughed tossing a grape at Steve’s chest.
“What do you want, Steve? A little cuddle sesh? An ‘I love you’? That’s not what this was.” Tony snapped, tossing Steve’s clothes at him.
“Cut the shit, Rogers. You may have been born 70 years ago, but I know for a fact you knew what it meant for guys to like guys.” Tony interrupted, glaring at Steve. “And to be quite honest, I don’t want an explanation at all.”
He remained in bed, staring at the space she had just occupied. “Wait, Tony? He wants to see me?”
As the doors slid open, Steve could see Tony. He was wearing sweats and an old t-shirt. He looked absolutely wrecked. Destroyed, even. Steve wanted nothing more than to sink into the floor. He caused the broken look in Tony’s eyes and the tremor in his hands.
“Sorry?” Tony asked around a mouthful of malt and fries. “Oh, you mean trying to learn all of your deep, dark secrets? Yes and no. I—” He stopped abruptly, his phone buzzing in his pocket in a distinct pattern. A pattern he’d set to the news alerts he’d set when he’d started going out as the Iron Man. “I’m sorry, I—”
“Stock’s never been higher,” Tony said. He squinted and completed another path in the circuit. “And, fine, I’ll say it. It’s nice to be pulling a paycheck again.”
“So,” she continued, clearly on a roll, “I need you to get up, take a shower,
“Mhmm.” Steve was unimpressed. He pushed his chocolate malt across the table. “Go on, give it a try.”
“Yep,” Tony agreed. “But I know the way, thanks. Remember when I said you’d be entering the 21
“Did you just ask me on a date in…Europe?”
Steve’s favorite lunch place was an old diner a few blocks away from the building Fury claimed was SHIELD’s real HQ (It wasn’t, Tony knew it wasn’t, and Tony knew that Fury knew that Tony knew it wasn’t, but that hadn’t yet become an issue). It was a mom and pop joint run by a married couple well into their golden years. The wife brightened up every time she caught sight of Steve, and he was enough of a regular that they not only knew his order, but often insisted on discounting it.
Tony, too, was becoming a regular. He’d never been a regular anywhere before, let alone a place cheap enough to have laminated menu cards and resin tabletops, but there was something charmingly Americana about the whole thing, and the food really was delicious. He wouldn’t have minded walking over just for the onion rings, but the fact that
“Hah! Okay, then get him where he’s going and I’ll see you in a few weeks,” Fury said. Then he waved his hands at both of them. “Get your asses out of here. I need to make sure the world doesn’t explode.” Tony was pretty sure the click as the door shut behind them was the lock, which made him snort. As if a lock could really keep him out of anything.
“—The Iron Man is useful. He saves lives, which is more than the board—”
“People in my position don’t tend to get very far unless they are,” Tony pointed out. He stood up and stretched, groaning a little when the movement made his lower back twinge. He kept in decent shape, and he’d been training more since becoming the Iron Man, but he certainly missed being twenty and feeling invincible. “It’s a good thing you’re here, actually, because I need a break.”
“It’s almost one thirty,” Steve said. “I was going to go off base. You’re welcome to join me.”
that I figured out that much.” Tony rolled a gear through his fingers, feeling for imperfections. It was slightly warped, which wasn’t a good sign for the other essential pieces in the landing gear for any of the jets.
“You’re big,” Tony said. Rhodey had told him many times that he was in love with the sound of his own voice, but that wasn’t true at all. Tony’s brain just had an irritating tendency to run a mile a minute, and it was easier, and more interesting, to get some of it out than it was to pretend at deep introspection. “You can tell me honestly. Is it steroids? Because it looks like some kind of steroids. No offense.”
“Did you give up?”
“Right. Yes. Thanks,” Tony said jerkily, and he blasted away in an unsteady arc.
“What are you doing?” Steve crowded into his space so he could peer over Tony’s shoulder at the mechanism under his hands. “This is essential gear, Mr. Stark. I hope you plan on putting it back together again.”
“Ah.” Steve visibly relaxed. “You’re more observant than I gave you credit for.”
“Gee, I wish I had a camera.”
That narrowed things a little. Maybe Rhodey would know of a Steve Rogers, ex-military, agent of SHIELD.
Steve looked good on the bike, anyway, and gave it the exact sort of dreamy, lovey smiles that Tony wouldn’t have minded having directed at him.
Tony followed.
“Hey, Cap. Long time no see.” He’d had years of feigning innocence and ignorance, and it worked in his favor now. Steve’s eyes widened, albeit fractionally, and his smile shifted from something easy and natural to something a little harder and forced. That seemed like a clear confirmation to Tony, but he knew better than to reject a null hypothesis without sound evidence. “Are you at all wowed? I actually spent a little time relearning military insignia. It’s been a while since that was at all relevant to me and my business.”
Tony almost dropped out of the air.
Fitz was Tony’s kind of guy. He spoke quickly in a high level techno-science babble that left most of the room, despite their combined experience and range of interests, shaking their head. He helped Tony get a workstation put together and was kind enough to pretend not to notice when Tony didn’t need helping accessing SHIELD’s secure files.
“I haven’t known you very long, but even I know the answer to that question.”
As he waited for the Iron Man to come to him, Tony thought about Steve and wondered what he was doing.
“That’s not what I meant,” Fitz said, and Tony carefully set his soldering iron aside. Fitz gave Tony an assessing look. “I’ll admit I’m not the best at—you know, love and all that, but…I’m not blind. Steve hasn’t been by in a week. Did you finally run him off?”
“You said I could take you out if I could learn one thing about you that wasn’t publicly available knowledge,” Tony said. He paused, expectant, and when Steve nodded, continued. “For the record, I think you cheated since you've been taking me on lunch dates that I didn't even know were supposed to be lunch dates, but I digress. The point is—well. I think I’ve come up with something pretty big and, if I’m right, that means I owed you something.”
Tony shook his head and pushed his plate between them, a wordless offer to share. Steve only waited a moment before digging in, fingers brushing against Tony’s every now and then.
“I’ll escort you,” Rogers said. “It’s not safe for a civilian to wander around, anyway.” He looked to Fury. “I was just going to tell you that I think you were right.”
Except for right now.
“Iron Man! What are you doing here? Get out of the way!”
Tony grinned and held out a hand.
“Can’t I be curious without people questioning my motives?” Tony grumbled.
“If I did, I’d have to kill you,” Steve said.
Pepper’s mouth twitched in a near smile.
Tony activated his bracelets and pulled Steve down into a kiss.
There was that word again. Tony’s stomach did an odd flip.
“God, Tony. This is the worst timing. I’ve got to go. SHIELD needs me. I…” Steve trailed off, mouth dropping open when the armor flew around the corner and started assembling itself around Tony. “
Tony’s phone buzzed with a new alert, just as Steve’s phone rang. Again.
, Tony,” he said breathlessly, smiling wider and brighter than Tony had ever seen from him. “I—just.
“Shut up and drive,” Tony replied. He climbed on behind Steve, slipped his arms around Steve’s waist, he laughed into Steve’s shoulder when Steve turned the bike on and made a big show out of revving it and speeding down the street. The season had just turned, so the air had a sting to it, that was dulled by Tony’s leather jacket. Steve, it seemed, was a bit of a daredevil, taking corners too quickly, and laughing uproariously every time the bike tipped dangerously too far in either direction.
“Oh no. I’m devastated,” Fitz said, deadpan.
“Deal.”
He’d come out just after Tony had perfected the Mark II, and, at first, Tony hadn’t known what to think. Then he’d just kept coming—had even worked with Tony a couple of times—and Tony, grudgingly, found him to be an excellent partner. For one, Cap was incredibly smart. He had an intuition for geometry that astounded Tony, and a knack for strategy that was almost equally amazing. Mostly, though, he actually took the time to check in and make sure Tony was still with him, and that was pretty great.
Fury stood up, waited until Tony got to his feet too. Just to be contrary, Tony didn’t, smiling up at Fury from the hard plastic chair.
“I just—what? Dip my fries in there?” Tony picked up a fry and tapped it against the plate. “Messy.”
“Ah, Steven,” Fitz said with a knowing nod. “Steve. He looks like the sort to want to throw you about, doesn’t he? But he’s actually quite kind the few times we’ve met.”
“No? I thought it was pretty
Fury hummed and waited for Fitz to fall in line. Tony give it five minutes, then gave up the pretense of working, sitting back heavily in his chair. He needed a plan. It was an engineering problem, essentially: If he approached this in the wrong way, everything could blow up in his face.
“Maybe I don’t like to travel,” Rogers tried.
(“I notice you’re keeping the armor, Tony, don’t think I didn’t.”)
Steve’s hair was gorgeously mussed by the time he pulled up to the diner.
Steve, to his credit, didn’t look at all surprised.
“Call me Tony,” Tony clarified. “And, yes, I will fix this, once I’ve finished tearing it apart to see what, exactly, is wrong with it. Before you say it, yes, there is absolutely something wrong because, one, I didn’t build it and, two, Fury’s paying me to correct these problems.”
“Of course you are,” Pepper replied flatly. She stood in the doorway of his workshop, hands folded across her chest in an excellent impression of every single person Tony had ever disappointed. “Do I really have to remind you that every time you put that thing on, you’re not just endangering yourself, which is bad enough? I can’t keep covering for you at your board meetings. They don’t want to hear excuses from me, they want to see you. If you don’t want to lose your company, you’re going to need to put your toys away and do some actual work.”
“If you aren’t going to tell me about your Bond routine, then I suppose I’ll have to bore you with the details of my last board meeting. Did you know that not even contracting with SHIELD has been enough to get me out of those? Trust me, Steve. You don’t want to start your own company, let alone play several roles in said company. It’s a headache on a good day.”
Steve shook his head, lips curving up slightly at the corners.
“I saved lives,” Tony said, pushing away from his bench. Not because Pepper had told him to, but…partly because Pepper had told him to, and she was usually right about these things. “It’s not my fault it meant knocking down Hammer’s dinky little building, but, hey. I’d argue that that was
“I’ll take your word for it,” Steve said solemnly.
“And delicious. Stop stalling, Tony.”
“Okay, Shellhead, but then you and I are going to sit down and have a talk. Over that drink you promised me. In…Portugal, was it?”
put on the armor in almost all the time he’d spent working for Fury, scowled inside his helmet. He hated being told what to do. Coming to a particularly hard landing next to Cap—Tony was privately pleased to see Cap stumble a little with the blowback—and had JARVIS lock in on the kid down the street.
“He’ll be taking over R&D for a few months,” Fury said, raising his voice to talk over Tony while Rogers openly looked Tony up and down, sizing him up. “I…have other things I need to do. Can I trust you to get him there in one piece?” Fury paused, then added, “If you can’t, I wouldn’t blame you. He
Tony gave the glass a dubious look.
“His work on microfluidics is unparalleled! Why? Do you know him? Can you introduce me? I’ve been dying to ask for his take on my own research on nanophotonic structures. It’d be a dream to work with him.”
“Ominous. Love it.” Tony kept his attention firmly on the circuit board under his hands. “Feel free to stop by for another chat. This has been too much fun.”
Tony’s mouth twisted in a frown. Low blow.
century, finally.”
“I wasn’t doubting you, Tony,” Steve raised an eyebrow. “Just wondering if you were hungry yet.”
“You’d be a pretty lousy SHIELD agent, then.”
“An engineer would be cheaper.”
“Yeah, well,” Cap said, and, yes, he was mad. He sounded frustrated. “It is. I had to run out on a date.”
That got Tony a chuckle.
“You’ve never had fries and chocolate malt?” Steve asked, surprised. “I guess money can’t buy everything, huh?”
“No.” Tony got up, grumbling. He’d had this idea that he’d tell Steve how much Tony was growing to value their friendship, but that he wanted more and the Captain America thing didn’t have to get in the way of that, et cetera. Though, Tony supposed, it was more fitting that he do it this way instead. “Come on.”
“What?”
“Fine, but I don’t want your suits lurking while I work. It’s distracting and annoying.”
“Hey.” Rogers caught him by the sleeve, and Tony looked up at him, startled.
“That depends on the price of the gift,” Steve shot back, but he was eager enough to head out.
Tony, who had been very good and
“I’ll say.” Steve’s cheeks were a faint pink. “Should I leave you to it?”
“I’m pretty sure I’ll be fine,” Tony said. “Long as he doesn’t melt the chest plate or helmet. I need those to survive, but the rest is fair game. Hey, let’s see if my modified repulsors are any good, shall we?” He lifted a hand and shot a repulsor at Meltie. It knocked the kid off his feet for approximately a minute. Then he was up and running at them, hands outstretched.
. I love it. I do. It’s perfect. I’ve always wanted one of these.”
“Not quite.” Steve opened the door for Tony, and they took their now-usual seat near the window. From his place in the booth, Tony could tell that Steve had positioned himself so that he had the best possible view of his new bike. Cute. “Not that I’m complaining, but what brought on this sudden generosity?”
“Plenty of people aren’t into labels.”
Stark. I’m also a Gemini, which I think explains a lot, actually.”
a pain in the ass.”
Rogers shot him a glance as they turned a corner.
“Rogers,” Fury shrugged Tony off and put some distance between them, “allow me to introduce—”
that because he’s spent all his free time hanging out here and taking you on scenic lunch dates.”
“Pepper, Pepper, Pepper,” Tony said, turning his wrist and sitting back on his stool. He rolled his neck too, for good measure; circuitry in the finger joints of the armor was a bitch to repair, though absolutely necessary if he wanted any sort of mobility. Not that he had a whole lot of mobility at the moment. His last outing had left him mottled with bruises and persistent back pain. Once he’d finished repairs, he was going to start on upgrades to the under armor. “I am shocked—positively shocked, I tell you—that you would accuse me of being purposely reckless.”
Clint raised his arms, despite his dizziness. "Fucking finally!" and made Thor laugh loudly.
Everyone looked at the door, where the voice was coming from. It was one of the meanies. She didn't have horns, just braided hair and purple eyes.
, you’re so funny, Naty,” Tony uttered, gaining a raised brow from her.
Tony had really hoped that the Avengers Initiative would stay like that – just an initiative. The worst he was expecting was to be called to stop muggers from robbing a Wells Fargo or maybe to help in a fire.
“The question is: When are we going?” Tasha asked while she ate. “This is great, Steve, thanks."
"I wanted to apologise for the fight," Tony blurted, earning the attention of everyone in the room. He gave them his paparazzi smile. "I honestly don't have the medal for Best Teammate Ever. When Thor let us know about your traditions, I wasn't paying attention," the Vanir raised their brows. "
And, OK, maybe Tony wasn't immune to Fury's shouting.
"I don't like where this is going." Tony heard Tasha say.
Rhodes crossed his arms over his chest. “Call me Rhodey,” he requested, “at least Rhodes. Jim’s fine too.”
– like Tony was a hopeless child who had no clue what he was doing, thus disappointing everyone around him.
Yeah, Tony was expecting that. It wasn't like
Thor was instantly at Tony's side, scratching his hair like he always did when he knew he fucked up.
Steve’s whole face colored. Even his
. How fucked up was he?
"You should be the Avengers warriors," one of the Vanir approached, his voice raspy and his eyes clouded with distrust. "Please, follow me."
"Did you just quote
Tony just raised his left thumb up, "We fine!" and continued to look curiously at the plants, hurrying Bruce to give him
He felt Steve's gaze on his neck. The room was suddenly more quiet and tiny, which was totally psychological because the Helicarrier's workshops were massive.
Secondly, about how they despised strangers who dared to steal their plants.
It's— I mean, I'm disappointed — knowing how he behaved," Steve breathed.
, birdbrain.”
"I accept the Helicarrier thing because I helped in his creation."
Situation which, of course, was handled by him and Rhodey. (He doesn't even want to get started with Rhodey. Brave, good,
Tony furrowed his eyebrows. "What?"
Tony literally dissolved in his arms.
“Captain America’s a piece of shit,” Clint continued.
"I think
"How dare you!" she shrieked, making every single warrior stand in a pose of combat, drawing out their swords.
This was the last time Tony traveled outside of Earth.
"That's right," the lady with horns – Wynn, answered. "We celebrate love here," and she winked.
Steve smiled again, a tiny little one. "Yeah, I know. Fury gave me an entire class about you."
Tony didn’t answer, he was very busy drooling all over Bruce’s arm, still gripping his cup of coffee like a life-line.
"Sister, how many times have I told you to stop your
Tasha cleared her throat. "I think they need a moment."
Rhodey.
The rest of them looked at Thor too.
wasn't freaking out.
, Tony thought.
"Are you... still dying?"
Tony gaped. He didn't know what to say. "That wasn't friendly." But that didn't mean he wouldn't get to say his point. "She was going to stab Steve in the chest!"
Steve, still blushing, shook his hand. “I could say the same about you, Colonel.”
By the time they arrived at the castle and climbed all forty seven steps, Bruce was on the verge of hulking out and Clint ran out of jokes to tell (thank God).
"Yeah."
wanted to be the leader... It was fine.
Steve nodded and somehow made himself taller. Tony sometimes forgot he was a soldier of WW2.
He had a bad feeling about everything, but maybe it was just his paranoid side letting go.
Tony, ignoring his reddened cheeks, smiled reassuringly. "No, handsome. You don't need to–"
“You did,” Rhodey said, causing Tony to start protesting, “
“I think that if we use a camera that takes more than 3,200 megapixels–”
He punched the mushroom.
Steve paused, like he was ordering his thoughts. Then, he took a deep breath and continued:
That's why, as a born leader, she managed to get Tony into all the Avengers Whatever bullshit.
Wait,
Tony smiled, his ego increasing to 200 percent. "I did. Pretty cool, right?"
"Me neither, and look at me, totally fine and not crying at all," Tony joked.
, Tony corrected Steve in his mind. "We told them where they were and who we are, as you ordered. Their leader was a little too far from us while we chatted, so we aren't sure if she was hearing us," Steve kept eye contact with Fury. "Thor was giving them a welcome, telling them about how the planet sought peace and offering shelter here—"
in Manhattan and a big ass portal in the sky – Tony refused to try to explain everything to himself. He didn't think. He didn't theorize. He was fucking terrified.
"You will be part of something beautiful, Tony," Pepper had explained, looking directly at his face with those sincere green eyes. "You'll have the chance to save people, all around the
And here comes Tony’s favorite part:
"Can you give me the definition of 'heim'? It's a word from–"
He could feel his face getting red. He was embarrassed for his mistake – it'd been stupid, he knew, just because he didn't listen to some ancient story Thor had told, they now had a diplomatic problem with some alien planet, not even fucking Russia.
scenes?"
“Sure thing, boss.”
Tony jumped off Steve’s arms, proceeding to look at his right, where a grinning Clint and an embarrassed Bruce were standing, one eating a donut and the other one sipping on his daily tea.
The warrior that led them cleared his throat, gaining the attention of the others. Steve smiled at him, so bright, his cheeks red and his eyes sky blue. Tony smiled at him, too, feeling ease spread through his body, like taking a shower after a very intense workout.
Tony didn’t need to say anything. He simply took another tiny step, letting Steve embrace him, like a cocoon.
“You met Nat first," Tony commented, resting his back on a table and searching for the little packet of blueberries he always carried in his jeans.
sound and Tony entered, one plate with four pizzas on each hand and a very happy Thor behind his toes carrying two of those disgusting sugar drinks.
, trying to find reasons to be in the Avengers for the greater good instead of looking for selfish outcomes."
And he couldn't find a way to solve it so he jumped down the path of: ‘I'm gonna die so I better make my life a fucking work of art’, by impulsively participating in a professional car race – which he wasn't prepared for, despite his IQ – and nearly dying at the hands of Vanko, another supervillain.
And Steve turned around and ran towards one of the mushrooms – which wasn't expelling air anymore.
“This is above my paygrade,” Steve joked.
Thor continued: "You should kiss!"
"Sir?"
. After learning that, and realizing he was
Why were aliens invading New York, though? You may ask. Well, the not-so-mystical God of Thunder and his dear (adopted) brother were having a fight because of daddy (and
It's fine," Cap interrupted him, smiling tightly. "Nobody knew, I think," he eyed Fury, "just a few. I've only met Nat, really," he frowned.
“When you knew someone like Howard,” Steve hesitated for a moment, “— someone with so many ideas he could actually make true —, it was… incredible,” he murmured, melancholic, looking at Tony’s armor for a brief moment. Steve sighed. “He was always the killer diller, y’know, like in the World Exposition of Tomorrow, I was there, went with Bucky and some dames,” Tony arched his eyebrows playfully at him, making Steve huff. “Nothing serious, but yeah, he was pretty swell — flamboyant, rich, eloquent… the total opposite of myself. At the time I never imagined I’d be one of his closest friends, not even crossed my mind.”
said with those shining blue eyes.
"We apologise," Thor lowered his head. "It is also a fault of mine. I did not inform my friend that it is dishonorable to take healing plants from this beautiful planet. At our home we have different traditions. Though we know it is no excuse."
– had tried to kill Steve. Obviously Tony shot. It wasn't even the most lethal repulsor charge; he hadn't wanted to kill her, Tony just wanted to stop her.
"I have already done that, sir," JARVIS informed. "It appears that Captain Rogers is in no danger. His pituitary gland is sending off more hormones than the average. He is also reacting to a high level of dopamine and other substances operated by the limbic system."
He saw black for what seemed an eternity, then–
guys didn't hear I said the word
"Teenager, then," Tony interrupted him.
Steve gave him a Look.
Pepper was a goddess, the goddess of punctuality, responsibility, and organization because even with the whole company in her back, she’d always found time for him and, especially, for her. A born leader, unlike Tony, who constantly relied on his constructed charisma and charm to persuade people, and who failed to balance his work and personal life.
Steve, sensing genuine concern from the flyboy, shrugged.
"When I was a kid he always showed me your movies, comics, or even some old newspaper with an article about you," he said while scrolling through SHIELD’s data, giving JARVIS the order to hack all confidential records. "Now and then he'd tell me war stories – what it was like to see you fight, to see you become what you are now, to be your friend – the usual bragging."
Tony rolled his eyes at her, but then saw The Someone, and automatically felt happier.
The Captain talked. "Mr. Stark," God, please, not
Tony froze in his place.
. Interesting.
“Why wouldn’t I? You have an
He advanced a few steps until he was in front of the Vanir with horns, pretending like it was a totally normal situation for him to interact with a person like her and restraining himself to look at the horns in awe. Tony wondered if he could add horns to Iron Man. Then, he raised his hands, offering the mushroom as if it was a peace treaty.
That wasn’t the end, though. Loki was a God – he wasn’t some stupid Wells Fargo-robber –, so there where some plot twists that made everything more complicated – like things weren’t complicated
Tony fell in love with an idiot.
Tony knew he fucked up –
"I love hearing your voice, sweetheart," Steve murmured so close to Tony's face, looking for a second at his lips, "but it's your turn to listen."
"Because this has happened
For a moment Tony was speechless. The only ones who had reacted like that – amazement so palpable – had been Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy.
Tony looked at him with his best 'are you bullshitting me right now?' face.
Tony thought
"But I hurt him," Steve interrupted, his blue eyes shining. "That's what I do when I hurt you. I apologise."
I know, I know. That's why we're here. I'm here to say sorry," Tony breathed.
"A feast it will be!" Thor shouted excitedly and clasped his hands on Tony and Steve simultaneously. "I love you a lot, my dear friends!"
“Right. Tell him I say hi. And don’t fight, dumbass.”
Tony had smiled back, thinking about how it wasn't fair for her to deal with all of his shit.
Steve’s whole demeanor changed. He immediately made his heart eyes, as Tasha used to call them, and he modelled the most exotic smile he had: the grinning one with blushed cheeks.
"We would be honored," Thor bowed.
“Dr. Bruce Banner, biochemist, nuclear physicist and gamma radiation expert, a pleasure to meet you,” Tony complimented impulsively. “I read your paper on gamma radiation, it was pretty awesome. I’m a big fan of the green guy, too.”
, he was dying of poisoning by the only thing keeping him alive!
"The mushrooms were mocking you," Tony repeated.
"Lucky midgardians," the purple-eyed woman said, grinning with emotion, "I didn't know you had soulmates."
, lucky?
Fury made an irritated face, finally opening his mouth. "Yes, Captain Rogers did
Steve chuckled. "Yeah, just to get the job done and that's it!"
"Hey, man," Clint casually greeted Tony, then proceeded to walk very fast towards Fury, who was at least two meters away from Steve and him. “Director! I want to know and
, and finally use that genius brain of yours to make something better."
The room remained silent after Fury's words. Tony looked around the meeting table, waiting for
"Yessir?"
"'M sorry, OK?" Tony gave up. "I fucked up. I didn't listen to Thor," he grimaced, "Sorry buddy," Thor nodded. "But still, you guys should've told me – if you saw that I didn't pay attention, why didn't you tell me? Like seconds before the meanie was running towards Steve?"
"Right," Rhodey chuckled. "How are you adapting so far?"
Clint huffed. "
So, that happened.
"Natasha's perfectly capable of keeping a secret of this magnitude."
. I don't need to–"
Natasha rubbed Clint's back, pouting. "It wasn't that bad, did you see the combinations between the gold and the blue?" And then she smirked, looking at Thor, "Breath-taking."
Steve would gain Iron Man’s habits of talking with robots.
"Don't tell Brucie I said that," and Tony hugged Rhodey too. "I only brought pizza for me and
and that usually set Steve's face on fire, Tony's too.)
"I'm not even saying that! I'm not perfect. I don't know why you can't take—"
SHIELD?!”
"Hey!" Tony pouted. "Our suits are beautiful. Or at least mine is," he grinned at Tasha, who rolled her eyes fondly.
“T’was Nat.”
, never mind, Steve’s eyes were even brighter.
it! I mean, how does she know the way our actions are going to proceed or if we–"
"As you can see," Thor grinned like the piece of shit he was, "Steven is in no danger. You should fear nothing,
"Birds, too," Steve blurted.
because she saw Steve's future.
"It was one time, Fury, one time!" Clint looked indignant. "What about Coulson, though? He knew?!" Fury didn't answer. "God, he
Steve did his heart eyes.
And let's not even get started on the fucking cosmic cube.
.  .  .
And thirdly, about their abilities to predict the future just by looking at your eyes.
"Wow."
Tony froze for a second.
"Please understand," Steve said this time, putting the shield at his back and raising his hands at the level of his shoulders. "He didn't know. We have no intention of destroying your ecosystem. It's actually my fault," Steve confessed, "I– I smelled some of them on my way here and they caused a reaction on my– uhm, on my body. He was trying to see if it wasn't poisonous."
"And they did?" Fury asked, surprised, finally sitting down on his big chair. Maria was speechless beside him.
“Call me Tony.”
"Whoopee!" Steve shouted from the sky, clearly enjoying the flying and Thor's company.
Tony shrugged his shoulders. "Tasha
, this is incredible," Steve murmured, his fingers caressing the chest plate.
Steve ignored him and crouched, pointing at the insignificant mushroom. "You motherfucker!"
on Midgard, I accept your apologies," and the lady smiled brightly.
Being in a superhero-band-that-saves-the-world thingy wasn't in Tony's bucket list. Honestly, it was Pepper's fault.
They entered another room that had big fucking doors – nothing changed from gold. Tony wondered how Steve felt seeing all of this. He was probably fucking happy and amazed, asking about the paintings and the architecture of the castle.
“I see you like talking with DUM-E here.”
," he repeated, the word resonating on his mind, feeling Steve's tags with his fingers. "Agreed."
The lady with horns stood up from her big, goldy, chair, swinging her sword like a toy. "What is wrong?" she laughed dryly. "One of your soldiers is a shameless thief. And we don't condone that."
Suddenly, the workshop’s door did that
“Wrong dude.”
in front of–”
Someone cleared their throat.
. Hah. Tony laughed and opened the packet.
“As we were saying,” Natasha interjected, “for the ones that were asleep, we’re going to go to Vanaheim through a
Tony wanted to apologize again, to promise that he was going to be better – more careful and attentive with the important information –, but what's the point? What was done was done.
"He never stopped looking for you," Tony commented absent-mindedly. “My dad.”
Bruce sighed. "My
The others looked done with their drama, especially Fury and Maria.
"Would you look at that? My three favorite men in a room together," Tony said with those brown, bright eyes, standing by Steve's side and hugging him suddenly.
A roar?
Steve cocked his eyebrow, smiling.
Steve immediately turned around, feeling his whole face turn red. He vaguely remembered that voice, but he wasn’t sure who it was, until Rhodey’s (Steve could remember Tony saying that nickname multiple times over the phone) face entered his line of vision.
"Are you high?" Tony frowned.
"Shellhead," Steve sighed, feeling his eyelids heavier than before.
Rhodey’s laughter filtered through, then a sigh. “And I expected more maturity from a genius, but we can’t always have what we want, right?”
Yup. Tony was fucked.
“Ain’t nobody asking you to do that,” Rhodey muttered. “Just… Try to understand him. Remember he’s being on edge since–”
seminar.
Tony grimaced. "
"Nah," Tony half raised his hand and then dropped it. "I solved it. I'm a genius, y’know," he gave Steve his best paparazzi grin.
"No, it's OK," Steve reassured, smiling tightly, "you're right. It wasn't fair. You— you didn't deserve to live up to some stranger. I understand how it feels, though — thinking nothing is enough."
"Yeah, I can imagine," Tony fake-laughed. "She's deadass dangerous, right?"
" Clint added, unhelpfully.
And he isn't to blame! She was, in fact, trying to
Before doing something ridiculous (like getting down on his knees to give Steve his thanks for being so nice), Tony fished for conversation.
that kind of smile. It was the same smirk Natasha made every time before saying something along the lines of:
Tony could already see the Tower. “
“Hug?” Steve opened his arms.
understanding, according to the psychologist that Pepper employed. They only needed to use sentences starting with ‘I’ instead of ‘You', looking to forgive, not to blame.
"Shit," Tony disheveled his hair. "JARVIS!"
Tony smiled at him, nodding, relaxed like he never thought would be possible with Captain America by his side, and left the blueberries on the table, focusing his eyes on the screen in front of him. He remembered why he was there: the cosmic cube and SHIELD. Steve seemed to be still analysing Iron Man.
She blushed.
“I’m kidding, Cap,” Steve kept looking at him, a smile creeping in slowly on his face. “I’m sorry for, y’know, being a shitty teammate, causing war and for shouting at you. I don’t actually hate you, I think you are pretty cool and lovely despite being a senior citizen.”
Steve smiled, taking a seat.
“Colonel.”
, and laughed breathlessly. "I was just wondering if my suit camouflages with the mushrooms," he laughed, "old silly me."
He thought to himself.
An alien was
?" Tony murmured to him, smiling, and then he noticed that Steve was making eye contact with the braided woman, who never stopped smirking. Not once.
?" Clint crossed his arms again. "Even Nat knew!"
Apparently, he was
Steve let out a laugh – not a nice one. He arched his eyebrows. "
was uncomfortable with your little fight with Steve.”
They instantly clicked. All it took was a conversation about gamma radiation and Tony immediately fell in love. Not in a romantic way, but in a soulmates-for-knowledge way. Tony liked talking about scientific stuff, Bruce too. He was also very patient, laughing at Tony's antics and backing him up when needed.
Tony gave one last look to Steve – who was already gazing his way, eyes indecipherable – and turned around, getting out of the room.
"You are his
Steve said nothing again. For a moment Tony panicked, thinking he fucked up their new friendship.
, boss,” JARVIS said smugly, days later, right after Tony talked with him about his new friend, Captain America. “Commonly known as falling in love,” the AI rejoiced.
Rhodey raised his eyebrow. "Fine, fine… you know, there's clouds, air… Blue things."
Steve hummed, suddenly very conscious of himself.
"Don't get me wrong. You are creating so much right know — this tower, your armor, the Maria Foundation, the Clean Energy Project — but, also, you are being better
Because of course he knew Tony wanted to study the mushroom completely – he also knew JARVIS made a scan on him and confirmed it was clear of poison. Tony didn't have to rip it off, and yet he did, because he's an idiot.
scary, by the way. I met her as Natalie Rushman."
Rogers looked at him – all confidence, patience, and straight shoulders, like he was giving Tony a chance to redeem himself and confess.
– or whenever Tony touched him, so painfully casual, as if they'd been friends for centuries.
Tony brought his hands to Steve's neck, then his hair, and the kiss got more intense. They were communicating, non-verbally, but they were doing it.
Just as he thought of saying that, Fury entered the room with long and heavy steps.
Tony should’ve kissed him
"Of course you did," he'd said. "I gave 10 bucks to Fury for that but,
Still, the guy was absolutely insane; Tony would’ve never invaded someone’s planet just because Howard was a dick.
“I already spoke with the Director,” Thor answered in a mouthful. “We can use the Bifrost this very afternoon to get things done.”
"That way you guys can find them," Maria agreed when nobody else talked. "We need to do this fast before they think we did everything on purpose."
from me," Clint crossed his arms, eyeing Steve like this was somehow his fault.
The lady laughed. "Soulmates!" She began to revolve around them, the smile never fading from her face, until she was close enough to Tony.
, Odin and Frigga are real too), a fight that casually took them all the way from Asgard to Earth. Tony knew the feeling, though, and was a little able to understand where Loki was coming from thanks to Thor’s report.
The morning after, he decided to don’t give a shit and ate donuts on a giant donut, which led to the solving of the poisoning thanks to his fairy godmother Fury – who was always in his shadows, goddammit – and Dad's prototype... But then, Justin Hammer had to appear and form an alliance with Vanko, hacking War Machine's system and causing a fucking shit show with his drones at the Stark Expo.
By the time they fully entered the room, Tony immediately saw Steve, tall and confident, chatting with one of the meanies they knew from the accidental fight. Steve's red and blue suit, and his shield, made him stand out from the other warriors and their gold walls.
Steve pouted at the Avengers. "I love you guys so fucking much," he clasped his hand on Clint's shoulders, who once again gasped. "My fellas. My family."
, his suit
Steve let out a laugh. "I doubt it."
“Vana
The purple-eyed lady laughed quietly.
” Tony huffed. “The traitor.”
Also, he was lowkey expecting the aliens to be bald, black-eyed, skinny green creatures; not for them to be fucking grotesque, riding weird flying motorcycles (seriously, what is his life?) and having gigantic electronic-esque whales.
Natasha looked at Thor. "You seriously brought us to a planet with magic mushrooms?"
"We need to offer the Vanir our apologies," Thor carefully aided, always being the brave one, after another tense silence. "I can contact Heimdall and request his assistance."
"I forgot to… warn you," Thor blushed.
Tony had taken a deep breath after Steve's amazement. For a moment he thought he died – Captain America was impressed with Iron Man! His suit. His invention.
“This is Colonel Rhodes, and nope, he isn’t available for a certain Tomy Stracks” Rhodey’s voice flooded through his helmet, automatically making him smile.
What? Steve thought Tony wouldn't defend him?
"So, uh, you're Iron Man, right?" Steve quietly asked him.
And there he was with his bestie: Natasha Romanova. Or Tony should still call her Natalie Rushman?
Tony sighed.
“I see you’re having your first fight. Marriage is difficult, I heard.”
Tony nodded, still sleepy, grabbing a single pancake. “Thanks, handsome.”
"He could hide the Cap Mushroom in his big ass bags!" Clint insisted.
Steve rolled his eyes. "That's not what I said!" He turned to look at the others, "I'll go with them while Clint recovers."
"That must be a mistake," Thor calmly said, clasping his hand on Steve's back, who was stupefied and red as a strawberry. "Midgardian men can't conceive, I'm afraid. Unless you saw the act of making–"
They stayed silent after that. Steve went back to admiring Iron Man – he seemed to be memorizing the curves and lines of the alloy, or Tony could be imagining it.
Tony could use his suit and fly to arrive faster, but Bruce didn't want to Hulk-out and Tony wasn't going to leave his friends walking alone all the way to the castle.
"I— I'm sorry... if I made you feel like that," Steve stammered.
"So, Cap's with us?" Tony tried not to sound too excited. "Or is he going to be our boring office boss like you?"
He felt it right in his old-fashioned heart.
years ago… I mean," he pointed at Iron Man, "you're a genius and no one is questioning it anymore," Steve assured, looking at Tony straight in the eyes, all honesty and tiny smiles.
Clint snorted. "Please, you
"Then Shellhead fucked up," Clint interjected, rolling his eyes.
on board, another one roaming around our planet with a brain washed Maria Hill, and a not-so-usual cube, which you were experimenting on… for?” Tony took his phone from the table, going rapidly through some archives, until he found the correct one. “Ah, yes,
amazing," Steve disheveled Clint's hair, a fond smile on his face. "And yeah, fucking mushrooms," Steve murmured, making Clint laugh louder this time.
Steve smiled, shook his head, and sprinted towards the geniuses. Thor and Clint would be fine with Nat there.
Steve lied.
"What?! Bruce. What do I do?" Tony panicked.
The lady with horns rolled her eyes, letting herself fall in her big chair once again. "I hate you."
"Boys," Natasha came out of nowhere, like always, covered in dirt and trying not to show that her right leg was injured. "Fury wants us at the Triskelion,
"I love you so fucking much, Steve," Tony rapidly confessed after the make out session. His lips were red and his pupils were blown wide. "You have no idea how much I adore you. I love your blue eyes, and your old slang, your Brooklyn accent and your shoulders. I love that you are a walking blanket. I love that you are so fucking talented and special. You simply don't know how happy it makes me seeing you smile, and laugh and just be you.
'. Luckily, Tony wasn't afraid of him. Dear old Dad made him immune to those kinds of looks.
"Sir," JARVIS paused for a second. "I have found it." Then his voice flooded the workshop again: "According to my search, 'heim' means 'home', Boss
(Also, according to Nat, Steve was touch-starved.)
Tony loves him. Bruce is very kind, conscious of everything around him, super clever (not to say a
See, Vanko was the Russian son of one of his father's colleagues, whom, well, helped in the creation of the arc reactor. Still, the guy was selling Howard’s research to the
,” Steve hissed.
Tony relaxed his shoulders. "Thanks, J."
Fury, Cap, and Tony, immediately looked at their right, where the shouting was coming from.
"I get it! But why wouldn't you tell me before—"
” Tony said, landing in the suit’s platform, seeing Steve’s silhouette through the windows. “Might do that right this moment. I’ll call you later, baby bear.”
, I swear to God."
Steve laughed. “Yeah, I think this one’s worth 20,” he joked, his hand still over the suit, making Tony smile.
“I have great news,” Thor took a seat beside Bruce, eyeing at the sleepy Tony carefully and lowering his voice. “Heimdall has found the Vanir.”
Clint opened his eyes comically, and even took a step backward, immediately showing his hands as if they were accusing him of having a gun.
"Indeed," the horn-lady nodded pleasantly. "Just by looking at your eyes."
On the outside, Steve seemed calm, though – pacific, even –, with that old-fashioned clothes and hairstyle he looked like a wax figurine standing in a museum – unperturbed and alone – with no one to talk to.
Tony's stomach hurt. He’d received a very powerful punch there thanks to the Powerpuff Girls – the meanies they were fighting.
Well, so much for nothing.
? He was in space, dying, dying,
A Vanir just
Tony paused for a moment – he could see from the corner of his eye SHIELD’s data transferring to JARVIS servers on the screen,
Tony laughed drily. "Amazing. But I think we can't stay much longer," he faked a sad face, "we have… duties to make, to-do lists,
alive.
Howard and his poorly developed parenting skills—"
In the meeting, they showed Tony his SHIELD file and pointed out his ‘textbook narcissism’ but also his ‘wishes to make the world a better place’, offering him a job as a consultant for the Avengers Initiative.
His brain was still trying to process the whole trip and the fact that he was on another planet. It was beautiful, though, with weird-looking plants of colors he hasn't seen before, tall trees with only a few green leaves and a lot of blue and red mushrooms laying around, which moved up and down, expelling air. He wondered if his suit made some kind of camouflage with them.
The person who entered the workshop wasn’t Tony, though.
," Clint doubled his knees and supported his hands on them, "I feel like throwing up my entire lungs."
"Tony, for once in our lives we have
Conclusion: Thor was a piece of shit. (Just kidding. Tony loves him dearly.)
Steve looked at him like he had no clue what he was talking about. Maybe he didn't. Did he even understand new slang? Going by his outfit, Tony wasn't so sure. But, God, he was
felt nice.
There was no doubt Steve was home.
a thing between Pepper and him. The kiss was just the result of their euphoria and near-death-experience. Tony and Pepper were on the same page: best friends, boundaries and cute nicknames.
Everyone at the table focused their attention on Tony, while Fury seemed madder than before.
"I was receiving them," Thor's booming voice startled Tony. "Giving my regards in the name of Midgard and Asgard. They’re very sophisticated and dangerous creatures. The Vanir demand respect and honor and we were giving them that," Thor sighed, "until one of them initiated a friendly battle with Steven."
, the Helicarrier. Luckily, Tasha stumbled across her and managed to break the brainwash.
"Yeah. You wanna go and meet him?" Tony pointed at the corridor with his thumb, offering Steve a tiny smile.
“Geez, Stark, we don’t have to be part of your kinks.”
Tony snorted, accelerating the suit a little and stopping mid-air. “Who spilled? Legolas?”
“Tony, you hungry?” Steve extended his plate, offering his food to Tony.
“JARVIS, call Rhodey,” he muttered resignedly.
"Blueberry?"
, don’t worry,” he separated a few centimetres from Steve, so fucking close to his face, “you just need to tell me you’re proud of me and I’m all yours.”
They were that close now.
"See? That's why I hated you when I was a child," Tony huffed instead, looking at the table, and then at Steve, angry, not hurt.
"We had no choice but to defend ourselves," Natasha declared.
“At ease, Captain,” he said, a big smile on his face. Steve didn’t know if it was genuine happiness or mocking. Rhodes extended his hand, “I’ve been looking forward to meetin’ you. Tony hasn’t shut up about his new friend Steve Rogers for
"Cool? This is insane. It's the most futuristic thing I've seen! – Helicarrier aside."
After that (and one Star Wars' joke – yeah, Tony did that one), Fury knew about the hacking and everything was fucking mess. Steve and Tony had an epic fight with Thor, they captured Loki and zombie-Maria-Hill infiltrated,
"JARVIS?"
Thor should've told them a lot of things about Vanaheim and the Vanir.
Tony looked at the others. "What? We're supposed to be a team!"
And, fuck, he
Cap didn't respond.
?” Bruce said.
Tony’s best friend – Tony’s
"Like a
Tony flew directly to the tower.
"It's in the past now," Tony lied without a doubt. "I grew up, saw how silly it was to hold a grudge against a dead man," he blurted.
Before making a fool of himself, Tony had smiled, offering his hand and trying not to say a joke about being trapped in the ice for seventy years.
"Stop already," Tasha glared at Hawkeye. "Bruce doesn't want to."
"Those are fantastic," Tasha murmured slowly, "and here we are, stuck with our grandma gear."
Then they all were looking at Tony. Fury was furious (hah!) and somehow pleased to know that their fighting skills were at the level of some alien people. Steve was still looking at him like
Because he was Tony Stark, the final and tragic scene was with him dying in fucking space because of the stupid nuke and the fucking wormhole, which was
The first time Steve Rogers met Colonel James Rhodes, he was in Tony’s workshop, chatting peacefully with DUM-E – because
Tony saw Clint still whining about not meeting Captain America – Fury's face blank – and decided that he wanted to go and see what the fuck was a cosmic cube and why SHIELD was experimenting on it.
"It's fine. I didn't hate you until I was like... what? Fourteen? You know, teenagers and their inferiority complex,” Tony rambled. “Howard wasn't helping very much with the constant comparisons, though.”
clearly wasn't pleased. However, he gave Tony a tiny smile and shook his hand, his brown jacket stretching around his bicep.
It’d only been a month since the Invasion happened. Tony had invited them all to live in the Tower – the
Tony needed to talk with Fury. Was Steve receiving therapy? Is SHIELD helping him properly? Tony had so many questions he couldn't ask; he had met him less than an hour ago, for fuck's sake.
"Stop hanging out with Clint!" Tony protested. "I don't want to hear those words coming from your mouth ever again."
"–we thank you for your hospitality," Tony interrupted Clint. "
"Poor Steve," Bruce said, as if
James Rhodes.
Tony really had a thing for blondes. (Except Clint, he doesn’t count.)
"Oh my God, oh my
A lame name, in his opinion.
The lady finally retrieved her sword, looking carefully at their faces. Tony was fucking scared – he regretted not having the armor on.
Steve, unlike Bruce, was frozen in his place (hah!), Natasha too. They were too zen for shit like this. Too trained, too perfect. Being in a team with those two put your virtues in perspective.
Tony exhaled, finally entering home.
"It is not pity, I get it—"
Now, he was in this supermassive building of this super-secret organization (of super boring agents) waiting for the scolding of the year. They were seated in the meeting room waiting for Fury. Beside Steve was a very angry looking Maria Hill, who, surprisingly, had civvies instead of her Catwoman suit.
"Wow... You created this?"
"Yeah, go make sure your boyfriend doesn't get lost," Nat winked at Steve.
Steve opened his mouth but didn't get to say a word because the others arrived. Tony let out a sigh he didn't know he was holding. "Thank God!"
"We used to do that too," Steve said after a beat, "— the spying — back in the war. I wasn't very good at it. They'd always make fun of me," he laughed with melancholy.
going to die, Tony threw a massive party that resulted in his epic fall down.
“What you are experimenting is a
wasn't enough – before all of the more traumatic alien stuff –, Fury had introduced him to the one and only
"I guess you won't invite me for a drink."
Steve stopped looking at the poor mushroom, which, thankfully, didn't suffer damage. Tony was fucking sure his money wouldn't make up for some alien plants – was money even something valuable in Vanaheim?
Steve frowned, looking extra cute. "Is that her real name?"
) and has the capability of turning into a raging green monster.
Clint laughed like it was the best day of his life. "Cap's high! This is amazing."
Clint rolled his eyes. “
"I want to meet him!
was a robot happy? He honestly didn’t know, but it was amazing.)
, he thought.
Tony raised his eyebrows. "Are you comparing our relationship with a mushroom?"
"Should we bow, too?" Bruce whispered in Tony's ear. Tony shrugged.
Yeah, that was Clint's voice.
At the very, very end, they captured Loki, guarded the cosmic cube, ate shwarma, created some weird bond as a team, and Tony probably found the love of his life, according to JARVIS.
And, for the first time in years, ease and love bloomed on his chest.
Steve, still smiling, nodded and relaxed visibly. Tony knew what was coming; after all, this was part of their daily exercises to raise morality between the team – to improve their communication
"And before they invade us," Bruce murmured tiredly, making Tasha smirk.
Suddenly, Steve was by his side. His eyes were beautifully blue and his face was shining – Tony didn't know if he was jealous or in love.
"Of course not!" he instantly agreed, saluting Steve. "Captain America, a pleasure to
The funny thing is, the situations happened in the same order – we know how the first one went.
"Ugh, don't say sorcerers. Tony's gonna wake up," Clint joked, earning a burrowed frow from Steve, who was serving the plates.
Steve and Tony said at the same time, exchanging a look, then Cap went and shook hands with Bruce.
"Y'know what?" Steve said abruptly, "I didn't touch anything. I was just… taking in the environment? And those mushrooms were
Fury, as always, was stoic. He seemed happy, though, in his eyes. Like he was glad to see the team interacting.
Those were the kind of moments a normal kid wouldn't remember about his dad, but Tony was a genius, even being a tiny seven-year-old kid, he always paid attention to everything – it wasn't a surprise he'd remembered.
It didn't, though. Not every day is a win.
Steve still had his blue eyes wide opened and his lips parted.
After months of interacting with Steve, Tony's got used to the feeling.
"I didn't know," Tony talked, feeling his heart rate speeding up. "I'm sorry. I will leave it right here–"
, not that one again!).
Steve only gave him a look, the one that said: 'I'm the leader of the team and I need you to take things seriously and cooperate with me or
"Ah, yes," Thor boomed. "The mushrooms."
They were getting used to each other's presence, and it felt nice… Having a
"Hey, you two! Don't get too far!" Steve shouted at Tony and Bruce, who were lurking around and capturing some weird flowers in the camera they took all the way from Earth just for it to malfunction on their very-fast trip in the Bifrost.
"I mean—"
,” Steve groaned. “I– I thought it was Tony. He doesn’t mind… The talking, I mean – he does it, too… So…”
to get because is fucking ridiculous. Yeah, I fucked up, now what? What's the solution?" Tony nearly whispered.
Tony couldn't help it and laughed too. He crossed his arms. "What did you touch?"
here, sorry sugar patch."
“It’s alright, Cap,” he said, and then looked at DUM-E’s direction, “Dummy knows I do it, too, right, champ?”
” he quipped. “Nat’s pretty scary at first... or maybe it’s just me. I'm a mess with dames," he shamefully admitted.
! You should learn!" Steve was commonly known for his composure, a virtue he seemed to lose whenever something was about Tony. "But no, here we are," he sighed. "And the worst is you always pass the buck to others, Tony,
“I know I say this everytime,” Steve murmured over his hair, causing Tony goose bumps, “but it won’t happen again. I’m working on it.”
He needed a drink.
, more like.
. He blinked and followed Steve. "Wait, big guy!"
— nothing is enough and having the constant necessity to prove yourself... That's why I'm sorry, Tony," he finally dropped his straight posture and leaned on the table. "You shouldn't have gone through that and, honestly, I think you realized it
, leaving him floating all alone, in first row seeing
"It was difficult the first few days… Felt lonely in SHIELD's quarters," he admitted. "But now it's been three months and I'm focusing more on the good things, like…," Steve paused. "Y'know, microwaves, robots… Wifi? Pretty swell."
"Don't
hearing," Tony clasped his hands on Steve's arms. "Cap, what happened?"
"You know everything about me then," Tony said, arching his eyebrows.
When he was a few meters away from Tony and Bruce, Steve slowed down his sprint, taking a moment to see the environment, and isolating the sounds around him, including the voice of a very excited Bruce.
(Tony
But, yeah, there were some fucking
“I spoke with Rhodey,” he blurted, trying to open the conversation. “He called me a dumbass,” Tony pouted.
"This could've happened to any of us!" Tony crossed his arms.
know you want it," Pepper had insisted softly, looking beautiful in the dim lights of the Tower, even with the emotional and collateral disaster surrounding her. "I mean, leaving aside the narcissistic stuff and the other harmful things they’d said about only wanting Iron Man — which we both know is garbage. They need you too. SHIELD can't have Iron Man without Tony Stark, anyway," she'd smiled sweetly at him.
Young and super attractive, obviously, being the USA's golden boy.
Then:
"I, uh– didn't, actually," Thor chuckled.
portal.”
– and wasn’t it something? For Steve to try to change strong characteristics of his personality just for him?
Steve laughed.
Steve froze (
“Ngh,” Tony grumbled, blinking a couple of times before fully opening his eyes. His hair was a mess. “Wasup?”
"Cap! Don't be so cold and give me a smile."
God, Tony couldn't imagine waking up one day for his whole world to be gone – he'd probably go crazy without Rhodey and Pepper. He didn't understand how Steve was here, in his twenties when he should be ninety-something, smiling at the nearly
And he took it as an opportunity to continue talking:
“That was fast,” Clint said, finally raising his eyes from his phone. “Where are they?”
Apparently, Clint turned off his earbuds because not even Tasha was talking with him and he always had something funny to say – he wasn't even using sign language. Instead, he was quiet, looking nervously from Steve to Thor, to Tony to the door, maybe already thinking about Fury's angry face. Bruce was the same, the only difference being that his anxiousness was multiplied by a hundred – he was moving his body, and then his feet, and then his hands, completely non-stop.
. What?" Bruce took a step forward, pointing at Steve's eyes – his pupils were wide. "Tony, are you seeing this?"
me. You know you want it,
Tony rolled his eyes, proceeding to fly again. “I know, I know. I will apologise to him, I promise, sweetums.”
Steve nodded, his hand letting go of Iron Man. "Yeah, she was assigned to show me this
"Thank you," Tasha said.
Steve hummed, flipping the bacon.
of his deceased friend and making small talk in a future where he didn't originally belong.
“Yeah, yeah,” Rhodey answered, and Tony could imagine his exasperated face. “Said
But, the thing is, there really
"Alright," Tony murmured.
Tony couldn't believe his teammates.
cute... even with that grandpa clothes, he looked amazingly hot.
A couple of days later, Thor came back to the Tower with a beaming smile on his face, despite the early hour.
What a man.
Steve looked at him through his blond eyelashes, radiating disbelief and fondness. He blinked twice. “We both are,” Tony raised his eyebrows at him. “OK, maybe
“Hah,” Tony smiled without happiness, “at least we can cross that one from my bucket list.”
. Tony didn't faint because of pure pride (and now understood why Agent Coulson was radiating happiness when he recruited Tony back in the tower).
"Yes, Tony. We are a team and a team functions because each member is responsible for his actions. We're not going to be behind you all the time, checking if you're paying attention or not. That's your decision," Steve said with finality.
Steve was still frowning at him; Tony was really bored of his face. Thor, oh larger-than-life and always-smiling Thor, was also very-mad and Tony was afraid of him, as a matter of fact.
The Vanir advanced more, surrounding them. Steve and Thor sprinted towards Clint and Nat, blocking the lady's way to them.
Steve nodded anyway, his jaw clenched. "Thor did his job. He shared his knowledge with us. I think
!" the purple-eyed lady rejoiced. "You two make a wonderful item. I would like you to formalize your relationship here. We can make a beautiful feast, right Wynn?"
"I told you, Natalia, it is like nothing you have ever seen before," Thor grinned.
Cap's eyes watered.
Bruce bowed.
Tony didn't know if he was jealous or… maybe,
have the respect of Captain America – of
“Morning, fella,” Steve raised his brows at him from the stove, smiling easily, his hair still wet from the shower.
“Why me?” Clint’s fingers were muddy with syrup but that didn’t stop him from using his phone.
Rhodey smiled and clasped a hand in his shoulder. "That's good, man. Best thing is you got Tony by your side to explain everything."
"Context!" Fury spat.
my clearance level in this team,” he demanded. “It seems like you were keeping some
"The flying Colonel!" Thor immediately saluted Rhodes (they'd told him multiple times that he technically didn't need to do that) and proceeded to hug him like a big, happy, polar bear.
, this will wear off in a few minutes," Thor hugged Steve, who hugged him back like a big bear. "It is time to meet with the rulers of this magnificent planet. You shall follow us to the big blue castle."
"Scan Steve. Look for signs of poisoning or something–"
Tony gave Fury a look, arching his eyebrows. "Hope he didn't tell you the bad stuff," he teased, making Fury sigh. "I didn't know about, you know, about you being—" and Tony made a difficult gesture with his hands, like catching a
Captain—"
"Get to the point," Maria interrupted.
Tony was enamored.
"Soul– what?" Steve panicked, taking a step back. Tasha held him by his shoulder, grounding him.
He was also very hungry.
who was going to blame it all on him.
She crossed her arms.
Tony copied his posture, crossing his arms too but failing to look menacing like Steve’s big biceps. He laughed.
Tony knew he was referring to: a) His faux patience, b) his judgy ass and c) his excessive
"You gotta be shitting me, please tell me you're–" Tony babbled.
“’Kay, ‘kay,” Clint gave up, leaving his phone aside, “just let me finish this disgustingly-raw beacon and I’m on it.”
That's why after a month of picking up each other’s habits – Tasha eventually started to join him in his morning runs, too –, Steve didn’t worry too much about his friendship with robots, even less if the someone who heard him talking with DUM-E was Tony Stark.
Steve frowned, pretending to be thinking, and hummed. Tony arched his eyebrows. He'd never seen Steve so calm and easy going. Even his shoulders weren't that straight. Steve's jaw was relaxed, too.
All of them were wearing some kind of armors that looked strong and beautiful at the same time. Tony had never seen such designs and he was trying to take photographs of them with his mind.
Tony had cocked his eyebrow and had sighed, exasperated.
– Steve kept looking at him, immovable and stubborn.
"That's the problem, Tony," Steve grumbled with faux patience. "She wasn't aiming for that. It was just a movement."
Tony gasped, felt his blood pumping once again, and the first thing he saw where those big, fucking blue, eyes. He couldn’t help but compare them to the stars –
"Then stop acting like it!" Yeah, they were fighting now. "Stop acting like you are perfect because you do, y’know? You hold yourself and others to this high standard that I honestly don't get and
Ten minutes and two awful jokes of Clint later, they arrived at what seemed to be a city. People started to appear out of nowhere, looking at them like they didn’t have a permission to be there, which, OK, was kind of true but also rude. Tony was sure they were reading his mind.
The call to assemble had sounded very early in the morning – obnoxious and loud, thanks to JARVIS. Now, it was afternoon, and all he’d had for breakfast was a sip of coffee and some granola bar Bruce had slipped to him once they were on the quinjet.
Steve nodded.
months ago but I didn't know."
at home.
"Although the Captain had already told me about your sorrowful intentions," she said, "and about your
"Of course!" Wynn laughed, as if she didn't hold them at sword point a few minutes ago. "Let's go. We can show you our beautiful collection of…"
Thor raised his hammer and spun it around, beginning to fly.
“Please, call me Steve.”
"Its fine now, Cap—"
Tony stopped babbling because he was suddenly pulled over, forcing himself to do a mid-spin. He was greeted by Steve's arms, his chest, and his hands. Steve was no longer with a clouded gaze, instead, his eyes shined like the ocean on plain summer – lingering and full of promises.
“I know it’s not a lot, but I wanted to get out the house without Dad waking up,” Dean stated coolly.
This ritual carried on for 6 more rounds, until Dean stood up, swaying slightly, vision blurry and made his way into the
“Obviously,” Sam snorted.
Dean lifted his eyes to Steve’s, still shaking and sweating.
As expected, as soon as he was through the door, he was yelling at Dean to come downstairs.
Sam grabbed a bag from behind him and passed it to Dean, he reached out and took the bag, wincing at the pain in his stomach.
“Are you ok Dean?” Sam asked concerned.
“Why did you drink?” Tony asked.
Dean decided to take a shower, even though he thought it would hurt his back, he felt like he needed one anyway.
Tony pulled into the driveway and the four got out of the car.
Dean relaxed, but only slightly. “Fine, I’ll keep in touch,” he said.
The avengers let out collective noises of agreement before they all turned to each other, ready to discuss a plan of action.
*Hey do you mind coming to my room?* Dean texted.
“Dad won’t stop,” Sam spoke, hushed, “Dean’s passed out and he won’t stop, I think he’s killing him.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t do that just yet,” Steve suggested.
*Of course* Tony texted, *We’re just figuring out a way to avoid something like New Jersey happening again*
“You don’t have anything to be sorry for Dean,” Steve said.
Sam exited his room, expecting his Dad to have left so he could help Dean, but he froze at the top of stairs, looking down to see his father standing over an unconscious Dean, continuing to hit.
*Yes* Sam texted back rapidly.
The team rushed to him and didn’t see Dean make his exit out of the room.
Dean shrugged, “You look like you can handle scars.”
*Sure. I’ll be there in a minute* she texted back quickly.
“It seems the boy woke and left the hospital a few days later, against the advice of the doctors.” The AI finished.
“Thanks,” Dean responded shortly. He was already up and making a move to leave.
Sam heard a door slam and ran downstairs to see Dean passed out on the floor. “Oh shit, Oh shit!” Sam exclaimed as he rushed to his side. He dropped to his knees and placed two fingers on his throat. ‘Oh, thank fuck,’ Sam thought as he felt Dean’s pulse. ‘Thank god Dean taught me how to drive.’
Sam broke out into a smile, but Dean face remained unreadable.
“Is that it FRIDAY?” Tony asked, as he seemed to be the only that could speak normally at the moment but anger still trailed after each word he spoke.
Freaking out. Running away. The club. The tequila. The girl. The drugs.
The team came up with a plan for FRIDAY to keep a look out for Dean’s face over any and all cameras and what they would do once they found him. The team fell asleep in the living room, all of them unwilling to give up on the kid they barely even knew but would fiercely protect already.
When breakfast was over, Steve and Natasha were left in the kitchen with the pile of dishes and mugs. They were loading the dishwasher in a comfortable silence. Once they were finished, they walked into the living room where everyone was sat watching cartoons.
“I’m sure he’ll be fine young one,” Thor added on.
The team were immediately on their feet, completely awake.
“We’re here if you need anything. And I mean anything,” Tony added.
Dean pulled his phone and thought about texting Sam but then decided against it as he didn’t want Sam looking at his new injuries if he didn’t have to anymore.
Tony and Steve’s hurts broke simultaneously as they heard a small whimper come from Dean, one that sounded like he was trying to keep it in but couldn’t.
‘Oh fuck’ Dean thought to himself, panicking.
“Can you please tell someone that I went out. And that I’ll be back soon,” Dean said while walking.
“Yes. I didn’t locate him at this present moment, but I have two more things to share with you,” the AI continued.
The team arrived at the door, Steve leading them.
“I think we all are,” Steve agreed.
Natasha’s almost silent gasp filled the room as everyone else was completely silent.
“Hello?” Ironman said.
When they arrived, Bucky, Clint and Nat went to help the others set the table while Steve pulled Tony aside.
“Jesus Christ,” Clint whispered.
“Good,” Bruce said, “You’re going to have to stay in the bed for a little while, we don’t want you to reopen your wounds and start bleeding again.”
Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head. He then started to walk out of the gym, walking past Steve, not saying a word.
“Say no more young one,” Thor said, picking up Sam and flying out towards the tower.
Dean looked at Sam, “So you’re not gonna ask about what happened?”
Dean knocked on Sam’s bedroom door and heard quick footsteps on the other side. The door opened with force and before Dean could react, he had an armful of worried younger brother. “You're idiot,” Sam said but it was muffled.
Dean lay completely still and silent.
“Yeah you keep saying that,” Steve replied sadly. “Come on, lunch is almost ready.”
Dean woke to the steady beeping of a machine for the second time that day. ‘Better not make this a regular occurrence,’ he thought.
-----------------------------
When the team noticed Dean, they all smiled. Sam gestured with his head to the empty seat next to him and Dean made his way over to his brother.
Dean sat bolt upright in his bed, sweat dripping off of him and wetting the sheets. His breathing was ragged, and his chest felt painfully tight. He moved so he was resting against his headboard and had his knees brought up to his chest.
Steve walked forward slowly, approaching Dean.
Dean nodded, “Not that hungry.”
They stood for a minute in silence before they registered what happened and ran out after Dean.
“Yes Dean, should I tell them where you are going?” The AI asked.
Natasha and Bucky were sparring while Clint was using one of the punching bags.
“Alright, give me your phone so I can put our numbers in,” Tony said with his hand out.
“That could be how he got the burns and scars,” Clint posited.
They were met by a very anxious looking Sam and Thor and when they caught sight of the teenager, they only became more worried. “What’s wrong with him?” a nervous Sam asked.
“Bad?” Bucky added disbelievingly, “He looked like he’d gone ten rounds with a fucking tiger or some shit.”
The brothers got to the front door and as soon as they stepped in, Sam was running up the stairs, leaving Dean stood in the entry way.
Dean and Tony rolled their eyes but then Tony asked, “And the drugs?”
Dean hit the bag harder.
She pulled away when she was certain that John was unconscious.
Tony stepped back into his suit and picked Dean up, “I’ll fly him to the tower, you meet me there quickly.”
Dean woke again and noticed a pain in his back but didn’t cry out this time.
Steve and Tony just smiled back at the boy and closed to door slowly.
“Were you at least safe?” Clint asked, “I mean other than taking random drugs and getting super drunk, obviously,” he finished sarcastically.
He turned on the shower and let it get hot. He stepped under the steaming water and let it wash over his sweaty skin. The water relaxed his muscles and he could feel the body paint being washed off.
-------------------------
The AI took a moment before carrying on with her explanation. “It is said in the file that the social workers left and came back the following day to try and extricate the boys, but when they showed up at the motel, it was empty, with a small splatter of blood across the carpet.” The AI finished with sympathy in her voice.
Tony sped towards the tower, glancing down at the boy in his arms. ‘He can’t be more than 16’ Tony thought looking at his young face.
He put some bacon on two pieces of kitchen tissue after he realised the time and that they would be late if they didn’t leave in the next thirty seconds, plus he also wanted to get out of the house incase his Dad was asleep upstairs and decided to wake up.
----------------------------
“Where is he?” Steve asked urgently.
Sam nodded, “Sure.”
After the boys were shown to their respective rooms, Sam had gotten excited about the change of lifestyle and decided to explore the tower a bit.
Tony sighed.
“Guys!” Steve said urgently, “I found him!”
“what’s his name and what happened to him?” The female doctor asked. Sam panicked, he knew Dean didn’t want to be anywhere near hospitals, they might get suspicious.
“Why would you do that?” Dean questioned.
Dean was awoken by FRIDAY.
Dean folded the picture and put it into his jeans pocket. Then he left the room and walked downstairs, looking for the final important thing.
He dialled Steve’s number. It rang three times before a deep voice answered, “Sam? Is everything ok?”
The team unfroze from where they were staring and started to go forwards to Dean and Steve, before Sam shouted stop them.
Nat frowned, “I’m sorry,” she said solemnly.
Dean stayed silent as he reached for his shirt and pulled it over his head.
Dean straightened himself up and recomposed himself as if nothing happened. Something he learnt young was to cover the way he was feeling, no matter what it was. ‘Feelings are weakness. Do you want to be weak?’ His Dad’s voice rang through his head again.
“We’ve been searching for three hours and we still haven’t found him,” Tony complained, half angry, half panicked.
Steve saw Dean’s face move down to his bare torso and panic flicker on his features. He also saw that it was gone as fast as it came, and a wall was built around him.
Dean looked up at a noise and saw the other three walking down the stairs.
So, he let the strong arms lead him down the street, his feet slightly dragging.
John kicked him again, this time in the small of his back, followed by another swing of the belt.
“Fine,” Steve started, “But do not overwork yourself, we don’t want you to reopen your wounds.”
“Tell us,” Steve and Tony called out at the same time.
Steve was just reaching the end of his workout when F.R.I.D.A.Y sounded an alert and was calling across the tower that there was a disturbance just outside the tower.
“Hey Dean,” Tony began, Dean flinched at the noise.
Dean calmed slightly and he didn’t know why, he should be freaking the fuck out but something about Cap and Ironman made him feel better. He immediately hardened his face and went back to feeling angry.
Tony nodded then grabbed Steve’s hand and led him back to the living area.
Tony smiled, “It’s no problem really, we’re just happy that you’re safe.
The team watched as Dean stirred, trying to move, and then they heard a choked cry of pain.
When Sam heard the familiar rumble of the impala’s engines, he slid off the wall and marched to the car grumpily. “You’re two hours late Dean,” He stated, annoyed, “Where the hell were you?” Sam asked while sliding into the passenger seat.
He walked in through the door and was immediately met with loud music and glowing bright colours.
Natasha looked concerned but said, “Okay…”
Dean didn’t let his emotionless façade fall away and instead gave a small nod, saying, “Yeah ok. Thank you.”
“Probably not, I’ll just take him a sandwich later or something,” Sam replied.
“Fine,” Dean somewhat slurred, hiding his pain and emotions as always.
He sat down hiding the wince as his back moved. He grabbed the glass of water in front of his plate and took a big swig.
Sam made a grumble sort of noise and ignored Dean’s poke.
-----------------------
Bruce continued caring for Dean, cleaning and dressing his back. He then loaded him with pain killers, telling Tony, “He’ll be very sore when he wakes up, we should at least take away some of the pain,” at which Tony nodded.
“I think we should get him help,” Tony started.
Tony sighed heavily and lifted a hand to cover his face. Steve noticed his husband’s stress and pulled him aside.
“Thank you.”
“Sam?” Tony questioned urgently.
“You didn’t see anything. Please you don’t know what will happen if you try to help. Please leave me alone,” Dean practically begged.
Steve kicked down the door to see an older man standing over Dean, belt in hand.
-------------------------------
Dean picked up his jacket and put it on, zipping it up hastily. He turned back around and said once more, “Right, so I’ll leave now.”
Steve and Natasha stayed silent with the same look of anger and sadness plastered on their faces.
-----------------------------------
He looked through the avengers’ names and settled on asking Natasha. ‘She looks like she can handle scars,’ he reasoned with himself.
-------------------------
Oh god. The drugs. ‘What did he even take?’ he asked himself. Dean sat back on his heels and then he felt a hand on his shoulder. He flinched and turned; hands ready to fight.
“I refuse treatment ok. So just get me the form already,” Dean said exasperatedly.
“You’re worthless…”
This chapter might seem a little rushed, but I wanted to get to the better part of the story.
The husbands ventured further into the room and closer to Dean.
“Well, I know you didn’t ask for this, but I put his face through facial recognition to see if I could locate him,” The AI began once more.
Dean didn’t know what to say and open and closed his mouth a few times. ‘Should I lie and give a fake name? Should I just run?’ Dean thought as he was formulating a plan of escape.
“Where have you been?” He questioned, taking in Dean’s happy and relaxed face.
Also, this might seem a little far fetched but I wanted the team to find out about Dean without actually knowing him first.
John had actually been away for the past two weeks; he had finished up the local hunt and taken one a little further. So, Dean had had an alright two weeks.
-------------------------------
Dean averted his eyes and looked at the floor while he answered, “I don’t know,” Steve raised an eyebrow, “Thor hit me in the back and I know that it didn’t mean anything but it made me think of things and then you came closer and I thought you were someone else so I freaked out and just started hitting and then I realised what I was doing and freaked out again so I ran,” he said this very quickly and quietly so Tony and Steve had to strain to hear him.
He walked for what felt like hours, but in reality, was only about an hour, before he saw a glowing sign and made his way his over, not really thinking about where he was going.
Dean turned, walked over to his closet and opened it to find it fully stocked with nice clothes and shoes.
“Sure thing,” Steve replied.
“What last name did you give?” Dean replied.
His dad started to kick him in the stomach. Dean prayed that he wouldn’t kick his ribs, because he probably wouldn’t survive that again.
“I don’t know Dean, I’ve been sat here for two hours, I think I’m allowed to be mad. Just tell me what happened.” Sam stated, not easing up on his annoyed tone.
‘You’re a stupid worthless good for nothing brat’ his father hissed, punctuating every word with a kick to the stomach.
Bruce continued to stare at the ground, an unhappy look in his eyes.
Steve stood up, not even looking hurt, “It’s fine,” he replied, “No harm done, really.”
----------------------------------
‘Jesus fuck, what is happening today? Why can’t I breathe properly?’ Dean thought as he struggled to take in a breath. His breathing had been ragged and shallow all day and he starting to get slightly worried, not that he’d ever admit that. ‘Real men don’t worry. They don’t get scared.’ His father’s voice rang through his head and he shook his head trying to clear it.
When Dean got to his room, he closed the door quickly and moved around even quicker.
“The boy seemed to have only left the hospital a few hours ago with a slight concussion and a broken leg. He seems to have used another fake name as when I looked into it, again there were no records of a Dean Winchester. There was, however, forms with the name ‘James Brown’ matching the boy’s injuries.” The AI completed.
He was kneeling for about 10 minutes, throwing up on and off. He could feel sweat falling down his face and back, and he could also feel the body paint from last night still stuck to his body. That’s when everything that happened last night came back to him.
Dean smiled back, but not as genuinely as Clint.
Sam understood and nodded back.
“You need to calm down,” Tony began seriously, “You can’t help him if you’re not you.”
Sam backed away and lightly punched Dean in the shoulder, “What the hell is wrong with you?”
Bruce nodded back and turned to leave, leaving only Steve and Tony with Dean.
“Obviously,” Clint smirked.
They sat together for another five minutes in silence.
“His blood alcohol level is extremely high, and it looks like his drug of choice was ecstasy that was laced with a little cocaine. So, he’s going to have a fun morning.” He started solemnly but ended sarcastically.
“What are you doing in here?” Dean continued.
Dean was so used to it by now that he could predict all of his father’s next moves.
“I know, but if you go in there and grab him, he’ll just freak out more,” Sam reasoned, “You haven’t dealt with this before.”
“Fine,” Dean said defeated. He started the car and began driving, while explaining the whole situation to Sam.
“That doesn’t change a thing,” he replied somewhat calmly, trying to hide his worry. He made a move to leave but Clint put his hand out again, this time resting his hand on Dean’s chest.
“Tony and Bruce are looking after him,” Clint began.
The husbands nodded and then went to sit at the table, both still worried about Dean.
Dean stepped out of the shower and got dressed, then returned to his room.
Dean only lifted his head slightly so he could see Steve approaching. He would normally have moved away, but something about Steve and Tony made Dean feel safe.
“Who are you?” Captain America asked, non-threateningly.
Thor only nodded, he still felt bad about setting Dean off, even if everyone did know it was an accident.
“Yeah thanks, I can see that. But I’m fine, so I’ll just be leaving now.”
Nobody said anything.
-----------------------
Dean aimed the gun at the tree and began shooting at the tree.
‘Is everything okay?” She asked quickly.
Sam continued, “I’m safe. Dad’s gone. I promise ok?”
When Sam and Dean arrived at the floor they were taken too, they were greeted by the whole team.
All seven of them responded at once, all with the same text, *Is he ok? *
Steve nodded again, “That’d be great.”
“Hello? I’m Tony Stark, I know what high looks like,” Tony retorted.
His vision started to blur around the edges as he continued to try and suck in air. He failed again. ‘No, no, no, no, I can’t leave Sammy.’ Were his final thoughts before he blacked out completely and fell to the ground.
The team began walking back, Steve leading Dean with a steady grip on the out-of-it teenager’s arm.
Dean continued to shake, but he lifted his head more fully as Steve asked, “Mind if I sit down?”
Dean leaned over to tell Sam and Steve leaned over to tell Tony.
“I’m a little worried about Dean, in the gym he looked out of it,” Steve began.
“Are you ready for us to leave or would you prefer for us to stay?” Steve questioned.
It only took Dean a few seconds to step into action and pull his gun out of his waistband that he always had for protection. He aimed and shot one of the creatures perfectly square between the eyes, he always was a great shot.
He stood slowly and walked a little.
“Look, you’re 16 years old, you can handle a gun perfectly and you weren’t scared when most people were running away screaming,” Natasha told him. Dean just continued to glare. “You should tell us what’s how and why,” she continued.
The team just waited in anticipation before the AI started to speak again.
The doctor stared for a second and then sighed. He turned around and came back less than a minute later, holding a clipboard with a form attached.
Steve answered the call and put it on speaker, “Sam? Is everything ok?”
Dean really started to panic, and it started to show. ‘How the hell could they know anything about New Jersey?’ he thought.
He was looking down at the new laptop he had found sitting on his desk. ‘Is this actually happening?’ he asked himself, ‘I mean come on, living with the avengers?’ He smiled slightly.
Dean just gave a small breath of laughter before swinging his legs over the edge of the bed, which was slightly harder because of the added weight of the cast.
------------------------------------
“Well, it was nice to meet you and all, but I really should be going,” Dean said with his usual confident, some may say cocky, demeanour. He tried to step back, but Captain America reached out and grabbed his shoulder, making Dean flinch back quite obviously. ‘Damn it’ He cursed himself ‘now they would probably know something was up and they would have to move again, and Dad would blame me again and that didn’t end well last time.’ The last time a teacher had been suspicious of Dean’s home life they had called social services and Dad packed them all up and moved. That was one of the worst beatings he’s had. It happened about two years ago and he was in the hospital for two weeks and in a coma for a week and a half. When he woke up, he learned that Dad had told the doctors he had been hit by a car.
He stayed laying down for about 10 minutes before he got back up.
Tony and Steve stared at Dean for a while and he shifted under their gaze. “You better not do that again,” Tony said seriously. Dean nodded. “Alright, go find your brother, he’s worried about you.”
He went to grab some clothes but realised he didn’t have any here. He sighed and pulled out his phone.
Sam shook his head, “No, he’ll just be letting off some steam.”
The last few weeks passed as usual. Everything was the same for Dean. But he didn’t know that Sam was keeping in touch with the avengers every day, letting them know that Dean was ok.
Bruce raced over to Dean and started caring for him.
By the time everyone was outside, they couldn’t see Dean.
He heard a series of affirmations on the other end and made his way towards Dean, who he noted was trying to get away.
Another four shots were let out and four perfectly aimed bullets hit their target, sending them down onto the other four Dean has already put down. Dean was letting out shot after shot, never missing and putting down eleven more. There was only one more because the avengers had finished the battle with their own lot. Again, Dean raised him gun, aimed and pulled the trigger. And again, it hit the intended target perfectly, sending the last one down, revealing a group of seven people who were stood behind the creature, now staring at Dean.
“It’s just behind you,” Natasha said. Dean turned around and the team now saw his exposed back and noticed it was even more scarred than his front. They all stared but kept quite as to not alert Dean they could see.
Steve couldn’t control his anger as he punched the man over and over again. He didn’t know how long it was until he felt Natasha’s small hands on his shoulder. He moved back and Nat stepped in front of him.
He left the club and started walking back to the tower, alcohol and drugs still coursing through his blood.
When he entered the room the smell of scotch got a lot worse and began to sting his eyes. ‘Seems like he’s been drinking all day,’ Dean thought to himself as his father stood up from the couch and swayed a little.
“Great, we’ll show you to your rooms, they’re right next to each other,” Tony stated happily.
Dean looked up to meet his eye.
“Hey,” Sam said happily.
‘God, I hope Dad’s not home,’ they both thought.
Dean took it and started to put the numbers in. “It’s each of the avengers’ numbers, they came to the school and tried to get me too accept help. I said no, but they made me take the numbers in case shit gets too bad.” He replied nonchalantly.
“So,” Nat began sadly, “How long has this been happening?”
Dean was brought out of his thoughts by the force of a kick to his ribs. He heard a cracking sound and knew it was busted, not a big deal it would just be sore for a few days, he could get over it, he was used to this by now. Another kick and another landing on his stomach and chest. He felt his Dad garb his collar and pull him up, only to punch his left cheek, throwing him back down again.
He kind of stood out against the colourful, happy crowd with his black hoodie, sweatpants and the haunted look in his eyes.
Dean wrapped his arms around his legs and buried his face in them, still struggling to take in air. All the marks on his body burned as if they were still fresh.
John was still hitting Dean, over and over again, when he heard a loud crash and turned to see the front door off of its hinges, and something round hurtling towards him.
“Sure,” Sam smiled and the three of them went up to Sam’s room.
He saw his Dad’s feet shuffling away and only just noticed the strong smell of alcohol radiating from his father. He guessed the reason for tonight’s beating was frustration on not being done with this case yet.
When he managed to turn, he saw Steve’s mouth move out of the corner of his eye. He ignored it in favour of getting the hell out of there.
Dean sighed happily as he slid into the front seat of the impala.
Dean opened his mouth as he had decided he would give a fake name and get out quick. But as he was about to speak, it suddenly felt like he had been punched in the lungs. He tried to suck in a breath but couldn’t. He couldn’t breathe.
“I know,” Bruce replied shortly, “I’m trying.”
----------------------------------
Dean still stood looking ashamed, and then he ran.
Dean woke up, and a searing pain flared in his back when he tried to move. It hurt so much that he cried out in pain.
“Did he say when he’d be back?” Tony asked this time.
He hopped out of bed, grabbed the crutches and said, “I’m going to take a shower.”
“What?” Tony said with a panicked edge to his voice. “Move, I’ll fly him to the med bay at the tower.”
Dean was about to retort when he suddenly remembered he was probably late to pick up Sammy. “Shit!” He exclaimed, causing the team to jump a little in surprise.
Dean made his way downstairs to see Sam sat at the kitchen table, reading his biology textbook. He also noted that his father was passed out on the couch.
Dean nodded minutely and looked at Sam thankfully.
“Look,” Dean began, “You don’t know anything, so please leave me alone.”
“Well, I’m Natasha, that’s Steve, Tony, Clint, Bruce, Thor and Bucky,” she replied while each of them waved when their name was called. Dean would have laughed if he weren’t so worried about Sam.
The girl stopped dancing after a few minutes and pulled Dean with her to a back wall in the club. She then pulled two little white pills from her pocket and handed one to Dean while swallowing the other.
“Because even though we don’t really know you, we still care about you, and we didn’t get you out of that house to throw you into another abusive one,” Tony said as if it was the truest fact he’s ever known.
Dean looked at his brother’s mountain of food and smiled, “I know there is and I’m sure Sammy.”
*Thanks Sam, will you keep us updated on how you and Dean are doing until we can figure out a way to help* Steve answered.
“Tony,” Steve chastised.
---------------------------------------
“Um, okay thanks FRIDAY,” Dean replied somewhat awkwardly. He made his way down the hall and into the bathroom.
He threw them up into the air and caught them with a smile.
“No problem,” Bruce replied before the team watched the brothers exit the room.
Dean made his way to the bar, where he proceeded to order a couple shots of tequila.
------------------------
He blinked his eyes open and saw Sam sat in the middle of the avengers and thought he was dreaming. He realised he wasn’t when Bruce stood up and walked towards him.
“I told you, we ran your name. Didn’t know his name though, only that he existed,” Tony said calmly.
The team just nodded and allowed Dean to lead the way out.
-----------------------
Dean was still out of it when the elevator dinged and the group stepped out, Steve still pulling Dean along.
“I know, but we have to keep looking,” Nat said matter of factly.
He quickly but very quietly made his way back to his room and pulled out his phone.
“Everything’s okay now, you’re safe,” Steve soothed once again. Dean felt a strong hand being placed on his knee, and even though he would normally flinch away, he knew that Steve wouldn’t hurt him, so he stayed still.
The boys followed, Sam cheerily and Dean going more slowly because of his injuries.
Bruce turned around with a sad smile, “We’re going to give you some more pain killers and you’re going to sleep for a while.”
“You what?!” Dean interrupted.
The team made their way back to the tower.
The husbands looked at each other and then back at the boys, “Okay, we’ll see you back there then,” Tony said.
When Sam saw who it was, he immediately stood and raced over to them, “Is he ok?”
As Bruce began working over Dean to make sure he was ok to be moved, Tony began “Hey buddy, you have to wake up for us.”
A few minutes later Dean heard the front door slam and knew he was about to get some fresh bruises at the very least. And sure enough, only a couple of seconds later, John shouted up the stairs, “Dean! Get your ass down here!” Thoughts raced through Dean’s mind about any reason his Dad might have for the beating tonight. Although he rarely ever had a reason anyway.
They walked up to the door, which was thankfully unlocked, and they all walked inside.
Tony turned to look at his team. “What the hell was that?” He asked, to no one in particular, finally wanting to discuss it with someone other than his brain. “The kid took down twenty aliens by himself and collapsed?”
“What is it FRIDAY?” Tony asked, slightly annoyed.
He threw his shield without thinking and it threw the man across the room.
“Wait a second, you need to tell us how the hell you took down twenty aliens by yourself,” Clint said after he pulled his arm away.
“The girl?” Steve asked finally.
“Why?” Dean asked, “It’s not like you did it.”
---------------------------
He registered that it was Clint. He lowered his hands and felt his stomach turn again. He turned to the toilet and threw up once more, this time he had a comforting hand rubbing circles on his back.
“Dean wait,” Steve called out as Dean made a move to leave, “We know what’s happening.”
“I know,” everyone responded at the same time.
“Wait wait wait. You need to tape up your hands,” he said.
“Ok,” Steve said calmly, “Should we put on our suits or…?”
“Doing what?” Tony asked.
Tony arrived at the tower with Dean in his arms quickly.
“Should you be in here?” Natasha asked, giving him somewhat of a mum look.
“That would be amazing! Thank you so mu…” Sam was interrupted.
Dean just gave his cheeky smile and pulled it over his head, once again ignoring the pain shooting through his back as he moved his arms and pulled the hoodie down over himself.
He heard a beeping that he didn’t hear before getting faster and then he felt calm wash over him, and he was drifting back to sleep.
“Later,” FRIDAY replied.
Bruce unfroze from where he was starting and began to inspect the bruises and cuts when he felt a strange lump where his ribs are. “His rib is broken,” Bruce spoke, “It might have pierced his lung, resulting in his not breathing.”
This continued for five minutes, alternating between kicks and whips, until Dean passed out. But John didn’t stop because Dean passed out, he continued hitting and hitting and didn’t look like he would stop anytime soon.
When they looked up after helping Clint back up, they noticed he was gone.
He showed up at the hospital and left Dean in the car to go and get help.
Sammy stayed silent until they were in impala and immediately exploded with questions that Dean had to answer.
“You know, because of our influence and money and shit,” Tony added on.
“Are you sure Dean?” his brother asked, “There’s a lot of food.”
“Hello Dean,” he said.
“I picked up his face in New Jersey three days after they disappeared from the motel. It was on a hospital camera and it seems he was admitted under a fake name as there were no records of a Dean Winchester being treated there. The boy looked to have been seriously hurt and was in a coma for a week and a half.”
“I’m really worried about him,” Tony started.
Steve started to speak this time, “We have been put onto the foster carer system and if we speak to a few people, we’ll definitely be able to have you move in with us.”
Dean made it back to the school in 5 minutes to see Sam sat on a small brick wall with his head in his hands. He pulled the car into the parking spot closest to his brother.
Dean didn’t even stir.
But something surprised Sam…
“Well? Go on,” Tony said impatiently.
The husbands looked at each other and then turned back to Dean.
Soon the phone was handed back and Dean took it from Tony.
Normally he would have flinched from the contact, but for some reason he felt safe, he thought it might have just been the tequila and drugs, ‘What did I take anyway?’, but he knew, deep down that he was safe with whoever was holding him now.
“What about breakfast?” Sam asked once they were seated.
When the team broke through the door, the sight made white hot rage bubble underneath the team’s skin.
“Yep,” Dean replied, “I’m gonna drive my car to the tower though. Sammy you wanna ride with me?”
‘What are Steve and Tony going to say.’
“Why?” Steve asked.
Dean curled further in on himself with each blow, the pain spreading throughout his body.
Dean turned to look at the super soldier sat next to him. “I freaked out and ran. Then got drunk, took a random pill and did a random girl,” he stated blandly. Tony’s lips tightened and he looked away from Dean.
“I don’t know what you think you know but I’m sure your wrong.” He replied with slight panic.
When Dean tried to move a little to get a better view of everyone in the room, he accidently moved his back and white-hot pain shot through his entire body.
When he got downstairs, he saw his jacket hanging up on a coat rack and went through the pockets, pulling out the keys to the impala.
“Yes,” Bruce nodded, “He’ll just be quite sore for a while.”
He looked and saw briefly when Tony picked up his brother and flew out of the house.
Dean joked and laughed with everyone, and they were all having fun until Thor slapped Dean on the shoulder good-naturedly.
The team charged in quickly, Steve heading straight for the older man. When he reached the man, he swung his shield again, hitting the man in the chest.
Just then, Steve saw someone stumbling down the street.
“So, how are you settling in?” Steve asked.
“Kid, you alright?” Captain America asked.
And with that Natasha left the room.
He felt free.
Dean shrugged for what felt like the millionth time and answered, “I’m stupid?”
-----------------------------
Dean made another move to get off the bed, this time ignoring the pain so he could reach out and stand with the crutches. He looked down at his body and saw he was in a hospital gown. Dean groaned again and asked, “Where are my clothes?”
They obviously responded with a yes, so that was how Dean found himself driving to the tower, with Sam in the front seat because he had insisted that he get to come too.
Dean bit his lip to hold in the strangled noise he wanted to make.
His dad often left him and Sammy alone for anywhere between a few days and a few weeks for hunts but had found one a little closer to home than usual.
Tony stepped out of the suit and dropped to his knees, with Bruce, who’s hands were slowly starting to turn green.
Dean exited the bathroom and made his way to his bedroom to get dressed.
“Did he say anything else?” Steve asked.
Sam just continued to stare at Dean, and Dean stared back.
Natasha nodded and made her way over to Dean, picking up the cream on her way over.
Thinking back to the scars and bruises littering the young boys skin left the team feeling the need to throw up.
“Well, by then I was kinda out of it, so it kind of just happened,” Dean answered.
They opened a door and saw the teenager, huddled into the corner of his room, tears streaming down his face.
The door opened quickly, and Natasha was stood there, a concerned expression on her face.
He stood up with it in his hand and put it in his waistband. ‘Good to have you back,’ he thought.
The girl broke the kiss and dragged Dean by the hand into the bathroom.
“We had to cut it off so we could save you,” Bruce added to the conversation.
Sam sighed and said, “Maybe it’ll be good for someone to ask questions, then you could get help.”
As soon as Steve sat down, six pairs of hands reached for the stack and once they disappeared, the stack only had two out of the twenty-eight left that Steve made. He chuckled and reached for the remaining pancakes. The team ate happily and talked about random things.
“We need to get him to surgery and patch up his lung,” Bruce stated already going to move around him to grab the tools.
Steve just stared down at his plate, worry building.
Sam nodded slowly, “Thank you.”
“Stark, you and Thor go up into the sky and blast them,” Steve said with authority. “Widow and Hawkeye take the left and get people to safety, me and Buck will take the left and get as many as we can.” A chorus of ‘okays’ came through the comms and they were all off.
Dean woke up the next morning and was slightly struggling to breathe. He got up and ignored it trying to convince himself it was just allergies or something. He got up and exited his room, to get into the shower.
“And who’s fault is that?” Clint retorted.
“Why are you late?” John asked with malice. By the look in his father’s eyes Dean knew he was going to get a beating. His eyes were filled with anger and Dean tried to think back to a time when his father’s eyes were kind and happy. He could only remember one instance and it happened before his mother died. ‘I guess that’s when it all changed,’ Dean thought to himself.
“I know,” Steve said softly.
“Like Dad would believe that YOU stayed late at school to work on a project, but it’s the best we have,” Sam said with uncertainty.
The team said nothing, just gestured for Sam to get on with it.
“Maybe you should go to your room, just until we sort him out,” Steve suggested.
‘A club,’ he thought to himself.
Steve saw Dean and said to the team over the comms, “Found him. He’s in the English block.”
Dean eyes cleared and he shot up, looking scared and ashamed.
Steve looked at him sadly and began, “He’s in a cell at the police station right now and he’ll be going to prison for a long time.”
Once the four arrived back at the tower Dean decided he wanted to go to the gym and work off some steam.
Dean glared at him, “I’m fine.”
Dean winced when Sam put a little too much pressure on his hurt rib and Sam pulled back to look at him in the eye. “Maybe you should go to the hospital, it could be broken.”
“Well, I should probably have a shower first, you know, body paint,” Dean gestured to his face and neck.
“No that’s fine, just tell them I’m going out,” Dean replied.
Dean smiled slightly, “I still have to talk to them, don’t I?”
Dean looked at them and sighed, ‘Great, I’ll be on crutches for ages’ he thought.
*I was just making sure you knew who I was since I’ll probably be the one talking to you as Dean has said he won’t do it*
“Ok, well, he has a broken leg and it seems a slight concussion,” The male doctor said. Sam just stared at Dean; he didn’t say a word.
The brothers walked out of the room and handed the form in, then headed to the parking lot. Dean immediately jumped into the driver’s seat with an incredulous look from Sam.
Sam stayed silent and made his way downstairs. When he was downstairs, he saw Steve and Natasha standing over his unconscious father, the sight made him happy and he briefly wondered if that was bad, but then he remembered everything his father had done and no longer wondered. He was happy.
Clint gave a small smile and got up to leave, “I’ll let them now that you’ll be in the living room soon.”
Dean replied with, “No I’m sure it’s just cracked or something. Besides they’ll ask too many questions.”
They heard ragged breathing on the other end and the whole team sat straighter.
He saw the team and Sam sitting around the long dining table, with copious amounts of basically every breakfast food you could think of. There were stacks of pancakes, plates of French toast, eggs, bacon, toast, various fruits and cereal. Dean had never seen this much food in his life and judging by the happy and excited look in Sam’s eyes, he was excited to dig into the food as well.
“Come in,” he shouted.
“By the way, sorry I took you down before man,” Dean directed at Clint, “It was just instinct.”
*Ok, I’ll keep you updated on everything* Sam responded, then threw his phone down on his bed.
“Hey Dean, we’re just checking up on you,” Steve began.
“It seems that Dean is having a panic attack after a nightmare, I thought you could help,” The AI replied.
“Are you sure?” Clint asked looking Dean up and down,
Before he knew it, the shield had smashed into his torso and sent him flying backwards.
“Yes,” Tony stated seriously. “We need to help him as soon as we can.”
Dean was just heading out of his first class and walking towards his second, he was let out early to avoid the crowds because of his broken leg, when he saw Steve fucking Rogers stood at the end of the hallway.
---------------------------
-----------------------------------
He danced with the random girl, floating on air. And then he and the girl were kissing. Her hands were everywhere on him, and his on hers.
Dean did as she said, ignoring the pain the movement in his arms caused.
------------------------------------
It seemed that the whole team was looking at Dean as well, because Tony spoke up.
When he woke up and tried to get up Bruce tried to get him to lay back down, but Dean was determined. He swung his legs over the bed, a pained grimace on his face.
“Is that what it was?” Dean asked, trying to be his usual self, but it lacked his usually confidence.
“If they got help from a social worker then how come Dean still had fresh bruises and a broken rib?” Steve asked.
With that Dean entered the elevator and went down to the lobby to exit the tower.
“Aren’t you all a little old to be watching cartoons?” Natasha said with a hint of sarcasm. “Shut up Nat, you’re never too old for SpongeBob,” Clint retorted seriously. Steve snickered and went to sit next to Tony who was completely engrossed in the show.
Dean walked into the kitchen and when Sam noticed him, he smiled. It looked like he was trying to make bacon but failing miserably. “Here, let me take over.” Dean said smiling, slightly amused. “Sorry Dean, I wanted to do something nice for you, but I’m not really used to cooking,” Sam replied sounding slightly defeated. “It’s fine Sammy, it was a nice thought.” Dean responded.
“James, and I don’t know, I found him like this,” Sam lied easily. He cursed himself internally for not telling the truth, but he didn’t want Dean to get hurt that badly again.
Sam’s ragged breathing hadn’t stopped, and the team thought they heard a small sniff, as if he was crying.
Dean just nodded.
As expected, as soon as Dean got downstairs, he was met with a punch.
“Yeah, look, as much as we want to call CPS right now, we don’t want you to get that badly hurt again, so please just get in contact if it gets too bad.” Clint said, “And give your brother our numbers as well, just in case.”
As Tony was about to say something, Sam interrupted. “Yeah he gets like that sometimes,” he said sadly, “It happens when he remembers stuff, he thinks I don’t know but I do.”
----------------------------
“Alright,” he started, “Can I get back to school now?”
They went back to dancing and about ten minutes later Dean started to feel the effects of the drug.
“There you go,” Bruce started, “Good as new.”
Sam shook his head adamantly, “No way, he’s my brother.”
-------------------------
He stumbled down the street, the tequila making him forget the way home.
“I didn’t think it was a big deal, sorry. Besides, why aren’t you focusing on the fact that I woke up in avengers tower and they saw the scars, we’ll probably have to move again?” Dean shuddered at that and panic laced his words.
Dean didn’t say anything and nodded minutely. He felt the bed dip slightly as the weight of the super soldier landed on it.
He opened his eyes to see Sam sat on a chair, staring at him.
Tony just smiled sadly, “Okay, we’ll leave you to it and come get any one of us if you need anything.”
Steve looked at Dean sadly, “Come on, let’s get him to the tower.”
“Answer me!” John yelled coldly but with force. Dean was forced out of his thoughts and tried to remember what he and Sam came up with.
“Look Sammy, I’m really, really sorry ok? I will explain everything, just please don’t be mad at me?” Dean asked somewhat desperately.
“I’m fine,” Dean replied shortly. He made a move to start punching again but Bucky held his wrist back.
“Is this what you guys like to do in your spare time? Stalk high school kids?” Dean asked sarcastically.
Tony reached the tower and flew through it to the med bay, laying the boy down onto a bed. Bruce was already back at the tower, along with the other avengers and ran to the side of the bed.
