As far as the Knights go, they seem to fall on one side or the other. Pierce has made his disapproval known, but Carol called a team meeting the day after the press conference that any mistreatment of Tony because of his sexual orientation would result in immediate play suspension. He feels a bit like the teacher’s pet because of it, but it does deter any players who already disliked him to not take their hate any further. Most of his teammates actually do offer words of solidarity, a few “my uncle/cousin/friend-of-a-friend is gay”s and other attempts to connect to him. Sam makes it clear to him that if anyone gives him a hard time about it to let him know, and Tiberius’ attitude doesn’t change in the slightest. After a few weeks, it became a non-topic as far as his team was concerned. Carol continues to put him in games despite all the calls for him to be dropped from the team, and he continues to be one of the brightest shining stars of the MLB. The satisfaction in knowing that he’s proving the world wrong two-folded is enough to keep him going.
It was an ACL sprain. Not a tear, lucky for Steve. Knee injuries were tricky but common in baseball players, tension on the tendons caused by any kind of twisting motion. There was a lot of sudden stopping and pivoting done as Steve was normally third base or shortstop.
She ushers them to their usual two-person table in the corner, lanterns of different shapes and sizes hanging down over them. “Do you boys need menus or you’ll be having the usual?”
in front of Annie, I definitely don’t think we’re allowed to say
at hitting the ball.
Tony takes the steps two at a time, opening up one of the two massive front doors, gesturing for Steve to step inside. Steve walks hesitantly into the foyer, struggling to keep his jaw from dropping to the shining marble floor. He’s greeted right away by a chandelier as large as his childhood bedroom and a grand staircase curving upwards towards the second floor.
He’s surprised that his attempt to alleviate the uneasy energy in the room earns him a soft chuckle, the sound soothing his worried heart rate. “Go to sleep, Tony.”
The corner of Natasha’s lips twitch. “I’m not your coach anymore, Tony. You don’t have to butter me up.” She nudges him back and takes a long drag from her cigarette. “...Coach Danvers is smart. Hopefully she’ll have the patience to deal with you.”
, he wants to tack on to the end, but something tightens in his throat, forcing him to tug the phrase back.
He eventually lets Tony’s legs fall to the side, his softening cock slipping free as both of them get their feet back from under them. “
“My, my, my, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes, Stark?”
"We'll start with overall questions from the papers first before we take questions for individual players," Peggy says. Hands shoot into the air and the questioning begins.
Most of their late night or early morning phone calls involved an inebriated Tony who did everything he could to play it off that he was sober. Steve could see right through the slightly slurred speech and nonsensical tangents he went off of, wishing he could be there to shake some sense into him. He continued to ask Sam to watch out for him, but there’s only so much the man could do. Tony doesn’t have people over and hardly leaves the apartment. The only person he regularly corresponds with outside of Carol would be Tiberius. Steve has never even met the guy, but something about him rubs him the wrong way. He doesn’t trust him to be the one to steer Tony in the right direction, even if they were childhood friends. Ty’s not like Bucky. Steve worries he may just be the opposite.
The man smiles thinly. "You might check the library on the third floor. I can escort you there if you'd like."
"Let's go grab something to eat," Steve offers. "You had a long practice."
Natasha smirks, clearly amused by Steve’s bewilderment. “You don’t know all your players as well as you think you do. I know Clint doesn’t exactly scream family man, but you’d be surprised.” She folds a blanket and places it carefully over the back of one couch, a knowing smirk on her face. “Maybe you could learn a little more about everyone else if you paid as much attention to them as you do with Tony.”
Maria’s smile reminds his of Tony’s— the real one, not the fake smirk he puts on for the cameras. “Thank you, Steve. That’s all I can hope for. I care about him more than anything I’ve created. I always thought I was doing it for me, or for Howard, but as soon as he was born…” she sighs wetly. “My little Anthony. It’s always all been for him.” She looks down at the book in her lap. Steve can see a picture of Tony, he’s upside down and can't be more than twelve, standing next to a large MIT sign, a duffel bag slung over one shoulder. Looks like move-in day, and judging by Tony's wide smile, Maria must've been behind the camera.
He doesn’t get to the ball in time to get the batter out, diving forward to catch it on its first bounce. Steve watches at Bucky twists his body around, his arm arcing back and lashing forward with all the power he had to get the ball in to home. Steve has the only set of eyes in the entire stadium that doesn’t follow the path of the ball to see where it ends up, his gaze locked on Bucky’s face as it twists in pain.
“I told you he’s fine. No one else is here.”
beater.
Tony glares at him angrily, but his embarrassment betrays him by flushing his cheeks and the tips of his ears pink. “I
“Aren’t we all,” Tony responds as she slides the remaining cigarette out and places it between her lips. He returns the favor, numbly striking the wheel a few times before it catches.
Tony manages to huff out a laugh at that. “Thanks.”
“I wanted to thank you properly,” Steve responds, awkwardly shifting his weight to his other leg. “And, uh, check in on you. I guess.”
Unwillingly, Tony sits down in the free chair next to Pierce, tapping on the arm of it impatiently. No one speaks for a moment, the newcomers seemingly waiting for Janet to take the reigns. So no one really wants to own up to what they’re here for. The pit in Tony’s stomach sinks deeper.
Tony spares him an annoyed look as he pries off a back panel on the "drone" and slides out a small cube with a lens on it. "It's a remote piloted surveillance device— well, it is now. I didn't think about using it for surveillance purposes until more recently. Opens up an entirely new market— most likely some bastards from the government but if I haven't sold my soul already..."
Steve wants to correct Clint in that moment, because he
Despite his general attitude he gives Pepper around these sort of things, Tony really does love press events. He's been relishing in the attention he receives from them since his first magazine interview at age six after he built his first computer from scratch. That was back in '76, when that sort of thing was impressive. He's stepped it up since then of course.
“Rogers?” Natasha asks tensely, not needing to word the full question on her mind.
“Not sure, but I think you were still in diapers when we won,” Steve counters and quickly snatches the keys out of his hand. He slips them into his back pocket before Tony can make another grab for them.
Tony wants to bang his head against the wall. “Quit fucking around, Steve!” He finally yells aloud, projecting loud enough so he’s sure his Captain can hear him. “And you say
“Don’t think I can hack it?” Bucky asks with a smirk, giving his younger friend a shove.
“Thank you.”
“You retiring is a damn shame,” Sam agrees. “Even though the Knights were shitty to you, there’s plenty of other teams out there who’d be happy to have you.”
“Probably to go laugh at us upstairs from Janet’s office,” Steve hypothesizes, making Tony laugh. God, he missed the sound of his laugh. He missed everything about him.
“I dunno, tripping on your way up the aisle? Remember what happened at graduation?” Bucky grins at him, making sure he’s loud enough for the others to overhear. Fucker.
“Neither,” Tony finally speaks up over the din of the locker room. He’s still got a grimace on his face, almost like he can’t believe he’s humoring his Captain enough with a response. His eyes are trained on his cleats that Steve’s watched him re-lace about three times now. “She’s technically my
The sentiment is sweet, but misguided. Tony shakes his head. “You don’t get it. You painting a target on yourself isn’t going to take the attention away from me, it’s just going to bring it down that much harder. Think about it, Steve. People already had reason enough to dislike me. Now, they feel like they can validate their hatred and fear because I was never the ideal figure for them. Just because you’re not in the Majors anymore and you know your team would support you unconditionally doesn’t mean you coming out would be all hunky-dory. You’re the baseball world’s
“Steve?” Bucky calls softly when he gets a knob on the door. “Good luck next week. I know I’ll see you before the series starts, but… I just wanted to tell you now.”
Steve nods back.
“Coffee?” He offers in amusement, walking into the kitchen to get a pot going. He hears what sounds like a muffled “yes please” come from the living room and gets out Tony’s usual mug alongside his own.
“Hey, hey, hey! Break it up!”
Unfortunately, the rest of the game isn’t as picture perfect. It takes another inning for the Mockingbirds to recover, but the Stars find themselves at the bottom of the fourth now a point behind. They don’t get a single run, and that kind of inning can be detrimental to a team’s morale.
"Is that why you're always jetting off to literally anywhere else?” Tony asks from across the room, picking up some sort of glass blown decoration off an end table. “Usually to get away from Howard…”
, Steve?” Tony rakes a hand through his hair. “What makes you think that’s going to change anytime soon? You’re the one who made me go in the first place. I could’ve stayed in New York with
"I'm not able to discuss other players' contracts with anyone—"
As midnight creeps closer, everyone seems to be drunk enough to forget about offering Tony well-wishes for his career, or lament to them how empty the Avengers are going to feel now that he’s gone. All his friends are too busy celebrating each other and discussing everything they want to do in the new year— which is exactly what Tony wants. This isn’t supposed to be a pity party, it’s his final stand.
An unsure laugh rises up from the players at their bickering, the men trading hard-to-read glances with each other.
There’s a more public memorial service held in Malibu, approved media coverage airing on ESPN as it’s a special gathering of influential individuals from the baseball world who go to pay their respects. Tony himself does not attend, all of the speakers offering their condolences to the last remaining Stark.
"Your mom seemed worried about you," Steve blurts out, immediately wincing when Tony's mouth twitches into a frown. Bad start. Maybe he can still bounce back.
“What else would it be?” She asks ruefully, blinking up at the ceiling to try and stop the flow of tears.
"You're fifteen minutes late, sweetheart. Don't pretend you don't know where you get it from," Maria says sweetly, pinching his cheek. "Steve, darling, would you like any cheese and crackers?"
Steve glances up at Tony parents, his fork stilling on the plate. Howard continues to eat while Maria sighs and shakes her head. "You'll have to excuse him, Steve."
run in one inning, the decision has already been made for him.
“Bring me a miracle, Stark!” Rezzo calls out to him.
"We were waiting for you
Next is a curveball that dips far outside the strike zone by the time it reaches Steve.
Steve gives a half-shrug. "I know a fair amount. More of a bike guy myself, but... I know
International runs next inning by playing by the rules, none of that wild-card shit, and I’ll let you stay in another inning so you’ll have a chance at bat again. Then, you’re going to get me two more runs however you can. Get on-base players home, get a run yourself, I don’t care. You do that, and you can stay in for the rest of the game if it pleases you. Deal?”
Steve cups his hands around his mouth as he cheers, aiding in Peggy receiving the loudest applause yet.
He keeps catching himself staring at Steve from across the room. They do their best to keep their distance; It’s second nature while in public. With inhibitions lifted, it’s much harder to keep his doe eyes to himself. Tony’s wrapped into playing some ridiculous drinking game in the kitchen, while Steve is leaned against the piano in the den, laughing and chatting with Thor and a few others. Their eyes meet at some point, Steve flashing him a small smile and a tiny wave of acknowledgement. God, he can be so cute sometimes. He’s pulled away from admiring his boyfriend and back into whatever heinous action he’s meant to perform after losing a game of Rock Paper Scissors to Quill.
part.” Now it’s his turn to be embarrassed.
“But she thinks you should do it,” Janet elaborates. “You know any coach would be insane to want to give up a pitcher like you, Tony, but she also knows what’s best for her players and she agrees with Fury and I that this is the best decision for you and for the team.”
Nothing can beat late summers in Brooklyn, not to Steve Rogers at least. The sun casts shadows across the open field, the dirt a deep red and marred with cleat marks. Trash bin lids are spaced evenly apart in a charmingly lopsided diamond, makeshift chalk lines stretching between each one. Chirping crickets accompany the steady sound of a baseball thumping against leather palms. It’s serene once the jeering and chatter of school boys drifts away, their game having ended on the cusp of dusk.
Steve spares him a sly grin and shrugs. “I’ll do my best.” Tony watches him go down the hallway and turn the corner, waiting impatiently for him to return. He hears Steve’s voice come back down the hallway a few minutes later, another younger, nervous sounding voice accompanying him.
“We did test his blood alcohol content when he came in. He was at a .23%, so, yes, he was fairly intoxicated.”
“Heck of a drive,” He says, taking a sip from his glass of what appears to be just plain water. He sets it down definitively on the bar, wiping his mouth off on the back of his hand before standing. “Come on, I’m taking you home. It’s late. Steve’s probably worried sick by now.”
“Two more times, Isaiah, two more times,” Steve mumbles under his breath, watching the next batter step up. Reyes is a force to be reckoned with, easily the best batter on Pittsburgh’s side. He’s already gotten three home runs in this game alone, and if he does it now it’s going to be a huge hit to the Stars’ morale in these final minutes.
with each other while staying here.
Ty seems to hold up the facade for a few seconds longer before sighing and crossing his arms, leaning against the wall. “Always right to the point, aren’t you?”
He isn’t quite sure how much time has passed when Tony begins to stir, Steve jumping and defensively closing the sketchbook when he sees the pair of bleary, brown eyes blink open. He quickly shoves it into a nearby bookshelf and grabs a random tome to replace it, pretending to read the pages as Tony slowly sits up, stretching his arms and cracking his back.
They don’t have long to stay and chat, needing to get down to their designated locker room to get changed and warm up as fans start entering the stadium. “Make us proud, boys!” Natasha calls out the door to them, a raucous cheer coming from the room as they head out of it. Tony turns left with Thor to head back down the stairs, but Steve starts in the opposite direction.
The guy looks him over and sighs. "Sure, I think he's out on the balcony." He scooches out of the way enough for Steve to enter the suite.
game with Tony Stark.”
“You’re insufferable,” the words irresponsibly fall from his lips, Steve’s fingers curling into fists where they rest on his knees.
“Um, I’ve always looked up to Mr. Stark. When I was finishing high school, I really wasn’t sure which direction to take with my life. I really loved baseball, but I loved school and science too. The fact that Tony was always so open with his love for both sides of things and has been able to create this style of pitching no one has ever seen before with all his knowledge about physics and maths really pushed me to try and do the same thing. He’s actually the reason I quit baseball for a bit to pursue my interests in STEM research.”
It’s even easier than the playoffs, in a way. The Stars lose the first game to the Oakland Panthers, but then follow up with four wins in a row, ending the Fall Classic at five total matches.
The face-off between Tony and Rhodey ends with Rhodey as the champion, just as Pepper predicted. The birthday boy takes the loss as graciously as he can, sufficiently tipsy enough to shake hands with Rhodey and walk away with his defeat. Steve sobers up enough during the last couple hours of the winding down party to offer rides to anyone who can fit in his car. Tony, of course, takes him up on the offer, and they scoop up Natasha, Pietro, and Thor as well. They say their goodbyes to Pepper who’s headed back to her hotel, promising to grab breakfast with Tony before her flight in the morning if he’s not too hungover.
“Fair enough. Steve, guess that means you’re coming out with me, buddy system and all,” he grins, swatting Steve on the ass.
The sheets next to him are cold when Steve reaches out to feel, confirming that he’s slept in this morning. He’s hardly a stranger to waking up alone, whether Tony was sleeping next to him the night before or not. He dozes lazily in that state of semi-consciousness for a while longer before making an effort to listen for any other sign of life in the house. He hears mostly silence, the occasional whirring of wheels, and a dull thud from downstairs.
“You know where to find me,” Steve says with a smile, leaning against his bike.
They stand shoulder-to-shoulder, naturally huddling closer for warmth. Smoke is the only conversation to pass between them for a few minutes, Tony watching the grey-white tendrils mixing in with the natural condensation of their breaths as they exhale. There’s plenty of noise pollution filtering up to them from below, and they can see the clusterfuck of lights and sound coming from Times Square in the distance, a better view of all the action inside on Tony’s TV.
circumstances, Tony. Realistically, it shouldn’t have happened in the first place, but Fury, Romanoff, and I decided to allow it. Since you came to the Avengers, you have absolutely refused to sign a multi-season contract and as dubious as your request was, we accepted those terms.”
He’s only called out by Carol once, after the very first time he does this. He’s late to practice one morning after his flight back into D.C. is delayed. Tony’s more than willing to take the hit of staying late or being banned from press junkets or whatever it is that’s outlined in all the subsections and fine print of the stupid expected behavior contract he signed.
“Crab,” Maria corrects. “But there’s steak as well if you prefer that.”
"Happy's got wheels up in fifteen!" Pepper calls over her shoulder as she exits Tony's lab. The vast room is cleaner than usual, Tony only recently having done a huge overhaul to place a bunch of his prototypes in storage. Right now he's in the middle of revamping old projects he had abandoned during his years at MIT, namely his original designs for the first ever collapsible, full-power hydroengine.
"That was some out," he says conversationally, still looking down the line as the next Pacific player steps up to the plate.
Their bodies collide solidly into one another, locked in an embrace that almost takes them both to the ground. Steve lifts him off the ground and spins around, Tony’s warm breath and laugh against his ear sending his heart up into his throat. He sets Tony down, not releasing him, but moving his arms lower to lock firmly around his waist, pulling Tony against him.
with picking it up and throwing it away like it’s
Tony slumps down onto the bench, shoulders heaving in a sigh as he stares down at his hands. He flexes each finger, one by one, Steve seeing the worn skin there as well as a torn nail or two. He’s not actively bleeding anymore, but Steve can see redness welling up against the surface of his skin. He quickly retrieves the first aid kit and gets to work, both of them straddling the bench to face each other. Steve is grateful he’s allowed to focus on Tony’s hands rather than meet that provokingly heart-rate-increasing stare again.
“Did you enjoy last night?”
Natasha shakes her head. “I’m going to respectfully disagree with you there. Honestly, I don’t know how you didn’t lose all your hair after one kid, let alone three.”
Steve turns the car off, sitting back in his own seat. “I think you should visit. Just for a minute. I’ll be right here waiting.” He leans over in front of Tony and throws the car door open with a creak. He continues to sit petulantly, staring straight ahead and ignoring the now open door that’s just waiting to clip some unsuspecting sidewalk cyclist. “We’re going to be late.”
Tony hears some footsteps from behind him, turning to see Steve approaching. “Tony, Rezzo’s looking for you, wanted to know what the hold up is. Hello, Coach Stane,” he greets with a polite nod, holding a hand out.
Steve knocks on the door as he enters, both Erskine and Bucky turning to face him. “Ah, an audience to witness my failure,” Bucky says sarcastically, sinking back into the cushioned chair he's sitting in. Steve can tell Buck is more frustrated than he’s trying to let on.
"This kid's got a death wish," Sam mumbles to Clint.
? His
“I’m sorry,” Steve apologizes, even if he’s not sure why.
“You’re crazy,” Steve concludes with a head shake.
Tony shrugs at him and divides the packets of chips in half, sliding twenty-five grand’s worth over to the other man. “Guess you’ll be glad it’s my money and not your own then, huh?” He grins up at him, patting him on the back before they make their way over to a table that’s clearing up two spots just for them. Lana swoops in and sets down their drinks on the table in front of them along with a promise to bring more as soon as they’re out. Tony sets an additional couple hundred dollar tip on her tray, giving her a wink before he twists back to the table, putting his sunglasses on top of his head. “Ready to pop your cherry?” He asks Steve with a grin, watching the way the man’s Adam's apple bobs as he takes a long swig of the Old Fashioned.
Tony glances at him sideways, scoffs, and cranks up the stereo.
“A family friend owns this hotel chain. I paid him upfront for the next year to let me rent out the penthouse at a discounted rate,” Tony shrugs.
“Tony,” Steve sighs in frustration, rubbing a hand down his face. “I’ve been patient. I understand that maybe this is new territory for you, but it’s new to me too. I just think we should be able to talk about this
Hodges
They wake up before the rest of the house the following day, Steve following the sound of a serene piano song filtering from downstairs. He expects to find Maria or possibly Howard sitting in the lounge, listening to some track on the radio, but is shocked when he rounds a corner to see Tony sitting at the grand piano. He’s faced away from the entrance Steve came through, his posture disciplined as he plays. It’s a slow and melancholy tune, the tempo taking liberations as Tony’s unpracticed fingers make the occasional misstep. It still sounds beautiful, even in its simplicity, and Steve feels wrong intruding on this moment. He quietly leaves the lounge, backing up until he’s standing at the bottom of the main stairs. When the song tapers off into Tony just fiddling around on the keys, playing a hint of the melody from before, Steve calls out. “Tony?”
The IL coach looks cool on the surface, but Tony can tell he’s nervous. Their opening pitcher hadn’t been doing so hot, sure, but with Tony up to the plate, they need someone who’s going to try and take him by surprise. Well, two can play at that game. Tony alters his position, switching to the other side of the plate. Greene doesn’t look that concerned when Tony moves to pitch left-handed. He supposed the coach was well aware that Tony was a switch-hitter, and would’ve chosen an opponent who could easily accommodate this. Tony’s original plan was going to be to hit it to the left fielder, who he observed to have the slowest reaction time. He could still do it while batting left-handed, but now that was the expected direction for the ball to go in. The outfielder would be on high alert.
Natasha sighs when they pull up to the hotel. "Alright, everyone, pack up if you didn't earlier and get all your stuff loaded on the bus. We're headed back to Manhattan in an hour." Steve almost forgot they’re headed home right after the game. This means he and Tony are going to be in the same space for a few hours whether the prodigy likes it or not.
“I didn’t know it could be like that anywhere,” Steve admits, returning the squeeze as they walk down the sidewalk with to-go hot chocolates in hand.
“Fine,” Tony sighed dramatically before waving at the table worker. “Fifteen thousand on red!”
Steve groans, batting his hand away from his suit jacket. “You love bringing up embarrassing things from high school, you really do.”
He does his best to keep his composure, continuing their little circle and pretending to find something glittery on Natasha’s sleeve very eye-catching. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
With a sigh, Tony swings his door open and steps back into his apartment. “Well get in here and warm up, you lunatic. I don’t need any Ghosts of Christmas Anytimes to come visit me tonight because I sent you back into the blizzard without at least a spiked hot chocolate to get you through.”
Tony does a remarkable job of not saying anything while Steve processes this predicament. He lifts his head slightly, folding his hands against his mouth as he stares at a spot on Nat’s floor, not quite having the strength to stare directly at Tony like he’s some sort of personal sun. “You’re here,” he states obviously.
“Like a fungus,” Quill adds good-naturedly.
Tony’s mouth screws up slightly as he contemplates it for a moment. With a sigh he extracts himself from Steve’s grasp and walks over to the piano. He runs his fingers along the smooth surface of it before he sits down on the bench and lifts the key cover. Steve shifts to sit up so he can see Tony better. He absentmindedly runs his fingers over the keys for a few moments, reassociating himself with all eighty-eight of them. Something changes in his posture, a sort of diligence that only a strict piano instructor could’ve enforced on him time and time again from a young age. Elbows held at a careful angle, wrists relaxed, he extends one foot towards the pedals on the ground and takes a deep breath before he begins to play.
Steve places a hand on his shoulder and starts guiding him to the locker room. “What was that about?” Tony grouses.
Once individual questioning starts, most of them are aimed towards Dugan as he's the new Captain of the team. Steve misses Isaiah, but Dugan was always there, a supportive right hand man. There was no surprise when Dugan was announced as the Stars' new captain, a legacy he proudly took on.
“I prefer to be behind the lens,” Steve denies, holding the camera just out of reach. He does hate having his picture taken, but he’s gotten used to it after a while with his job.
“You okay with seafood, Steve?” Howard asks, filling his glass with the brandy. “I believe lobster’s on the menu tonight.”
“…I’ll come back when you guys are ready to order,” Dove says quietly before rushing off to her other tables.
“Peter, relax. Your shoulders are going to get stuck like that if you leave them for too long.”
“I’ll be there soon,” Steve hangs up the phone and tosses it into the passenger seat before peeling out of his garage. He suddenly understands Tony’s incessant need to drive at such a reckless, blinding pace all the time. It’s calming in a contradictory way, elevating his already panicked heart rate while focusing his energy at the same time. The traffic is lighter in some areas than it is others, Steve doing his best to weave his way through to get to Lower Manhattan. He slams his hand onto his horn impatiently more than a few times, for the first time contributing to all the needless noise pollution he’s been hearing his entire life. It doesn’t offer much in the way of catharsis, his little Pinto groaning in protest at all the sudden stop-and-go.
“Steve—” Tony croaks weakly. Natasha places a hand on his chest.
Tony laughs, clutching the stairwell railing as he swings himself around it. "Yeah, just follow me."
Steve’s eyebrow twitches in irritation and his blue eyes flicker up from the book. “Sorry that I didn’t bring my entire wardrobe with me.”
“Strike one!”
"Oh boy," Steve huffs under his breath. He can’t help but grin as he fits himself between his fellow teammates. He accepts the shot glass and cheerses along with everyone else, tossing it back. Steve pulls a slight face as he set the empty glass back on the bar. "Why is it always tequila with you, Barnes?"
It’s expected behavior at this point, but tonight his tardiness is making Steve’s stomach turn more than usual. Things have been tense between them lately— Well, for quite some time now. The last couple of years hasn’t been kind to their relationship, and it certainly hasn’t been kind to Tony either.
It all pays off in the end. The season comes to a close, The Avengers yet again returning to the National Championship Game in the post-season. Tony is at the peak of his game, over two months sober, setting records with his pitching. He no longer hides from the world, announcing himself proudly to say
Steve is ready for it, glove outstretched to safely catch it, immediately bringing his arm in so his dominant hand can scoop the ball and fire it towards home. Hammer loses the race against the ball, tripping over his own feet as he falls down onto the plate seconds after Victor has already received it.
“I’m not gonna look,” he explains to the unasked question. “I’m just gonna watch your face and it’ll tell me whether or not I lost fifteen grand or now have thirty to take over to Craps.”
There’s more photos, capturing the entire encounter from start to finish, with pages of written speculation about the identity of the mystery man, where he came from, and how long Tony’s been hiding this secret. The photos of the kiss alone aren’t enough to be convincing that it is in fact, Tony Stark making out with that man against his car in the middle of some abandoned street in Detroit. From certain angles, it could be argued that it could be any brunette man of slightly below average height who happens to bear resemblance to the world famous pitcher, but there are other photos that make his identity clear. Them approaching the car holding hands, Tony holding the door as the man starts to get inside, and after the car has driven away there are clear, unblocked shots that it’s undoubtedly Tony Stark.
Steve doubts anyone at the front desk of this swanky hotel is going to give out Tony’s room number. Luckily enough, Steve spots Janet standing over at the bar, laughing with Natasha and Clint. Their manager is bound to have an idea considering she handles all the room assignments when they travel. He rushes over, squeezing between them to grab her attention.
Steve chuckles. “Deal. But just so you know, they don’t usually come with the maids and butlers.”
After an extended pause, he feels the weight of the bed dip next to him, Steve still leaving about a foot of space between them. “I love you too… What’s this about, Tony?”
"I'm sorry, Peggy," Steve says somberly. He knew that Chester and Peggy had been working together since the very beginning. A legacy is certainly ending.
I knew what an engineer was before I walked in here, but now I'm not so sure."
, yes, but that mutual pursuit of attraction was birthed from their contempt of one another.
“That’s how he likes it,” Steve chuckles, smiling fondly thinking of his best friend. “He’s good. He’s happy for me. For himself too.”
“What the fuck’s going—”
either, but in comparison to the usually technically perfect pitches they’re used to, seeing his skills waver so drastically has been a shock. Natasha insisted he wait another week at the very least, Tony complaining from the dugout every game as he watched the other two Avengers pitchers take his place. Meanwhile, he struggles through every practice as if he’s never handled a baseball before in his life. Steve and Natasha stay an extra two hours after practice just to make sure Tony doesn’t work himself into the ground, forcing him to leave the stadium and go home.
To soon, it’s time to go back out, and Tony is already itching for his turn to pitch again. Thankfully, Rezzo now takes advantage of his last Avenger, subbing Steve in. Tony can’t let himself be contained in the dugout now, the rules be damned. He waits at the edge of the doorway, entire body thrumming with anticipation.
you wishing there was no one else around so you could pin me against the wall and fuck me
The game is already on the ninth inning as they tune in. Hopes are high when they see the score is low and that the Bisons are up by two by the end of the top of the inning. The Clippers have the home field advantage on them, but as long as they don’t score three or more runs before the game ends, The Avengers will have them beat.
“Just a couple of hours,” he closes the book and sets it down on the coffee table, patting the spot next to him. “Come here.”
. I don’t know what’s going on in your head, but you need to get whatever it is out and stop
“And that’s a reasonable reaction to have, but you and I can both see Tony’s not himself right now, on or off the field. I mean, he doesn’t even
Patrons are staring at the car from inside and Steve suddenly feels self-conscious stepping out of it. He probably looks as uncomfortable as he feels, while Tony probably looks like he was born to drive the French Roadster. They walk into the restaurant together, the hostess whistling.
Aimlessly wondering around the store, the two Avengers found their way into the men's section. Going through different racks, Peter and Natasha had a decent amount of clothing arranging from button ups to sweaters to graphic ts. Smiling triumphantly, the two headed towards the changing rooms. Outside of them, however, was an woman around her mid forties. Seeing that she had a customer, she exited off the computer screen and walked around to where she was in front of the desk. "How many items?" she spoke in a monotone voice, as if she was bored. Ignoring the tone of voice, Peter spoke up and answered her.
"You know," Natasha raised an eyebrow, an amused expression on her face, "You don't have to be so...
"Leave me alone, Flash." Peter pleaded as he walked to his locker. As he was in the middle of undoing his lock, Flash turned him around and pinned him to the locker.
"Hey, Wanda." Peter smiled back as he stood awkwardly in the door frame. Clint rolled his eyes and Sam just shook his head slightly with a small smile.
A crack of thunder made itself known in the background and a heavy gust of wind blew his hood back, revealing his face.
"Wh... Why that hell did you punch me out cold?" Stark snapped, sitting up from his reclined position. Rubbing his forehead with his hand, he groaned as the beating on his skull started to relax slightly.
“Be down soon. Mr. Stark is a busy man. I wouldn’t keep him waiting.” And with that, she closed the young man’s door and walked back down stairs.
(See the end of the chapter for
Repeating the steps from last time, Peter clicked out of those messages and clicked the one from the unknown number.
“I knew you could do it,” Steve rasps to him in their private little bubble. “I wish your mom could be here to see it.”
“Are you sure?” Bucky frowns. “I mean, of course
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah ri—” Tony is cut off by a well-timed sneeze, face ducking into the cover of his elbow.
The media had, predictably, ruptured into a frenzy. As impulsive as the decision felt, Steve knew it was just a matter of time until he refused to hide any longer. If he had any fears of what the public was going to sling at them, he wouldn’t have done it in the first place. His only worries were that Tony would be livid with him for the action, but those were quickly quelled by Tony’s immediate joking of, “
“Half-past ten. We need to be in the conference room downstairs in fifteen, get moving.”
Tony shrugs on his jersey, Steve’s hand sliding off him with the movement. “Yeah, well, at least it means he’s actually watching,” he sighs, angrily buttoning himself up.
“Okay,” Tony sighs, letting himself be swallowed by darkness again.
“It’s the same time as your friendly, I already checked.”
This is Tony’s old league. His old teammates and rivals. His old coach and mentor, for fuck’s sake. He left all of that behind to take a chance and prove that he could be so much more without any of them. This is supposed to be his redemption, his chance to finally rid himself of the chip on his shoulder that he’s been carrying his entire baseball career.
“C’mon, Barnes, I know you have it in you. Five more.”
Steve is on deck when it’s time for the bottom half of the inning, but even as he peers back into their dugout from his designated spot near the sidelines, he can’t spot Tony’s familiar head amongst the rest of his players. He’s distracted when it’s his turn at bat, luckily getting a walk to first. The pity base doesn’t last long for him when the very next play ends in the Fisher Cat’s second baseman tagging him out.
“Because he up and died, that’s why,” Tony flinches slightly as Steve starts to bandage his more sensitive fingers, earning a muttered apology from the makeshift nurse before he continues. “People want me to go back for some kind of, I don’t know, narrative justice? Contracts be damned, whatever sells tickets and gets asses in seats right?” Tony scoffs, shaking his head in disgust.
The first pitch is always one of the hardest. Top of the batting order starts with the leadoff hitter for the other team: a player with a high on-base percentage who’s fast and knows how to steal a base. A strong starter to ensure at least someone is on base once the power hitters step up to the plate. He’s batting lefty, Tony sticking with a right-handed pitch for now.
“Well, sometimes, that’s what makes a ball player great,” Steve chimes in, sensing Tony’s eyes slide over to him almost suspiciously. Someone at this table needs to offer some positivity, and Steve isn't under the impression that it is going to be anyone with the last name Stark. “A lot of the times, following the rules can actually hinder more than help. There’s nothing wrong with a little rebellion from time to time.”
He can see Tony’s mouth shape the word as he squints through the sheet of rain pouring down. He’s soaking wet, dark hair slicked down over his forehead and clothes clinging to his form.
Peggy's voice isn't completely unsympathetic, but it all sounds so disengaged to Steve's ears in that moment. It
"Somewhere greasy," Tony requests. "There's this dive bar/diner I really like on the corner of 5th and 73rd."
they scored a home run. Tony shakes his head, not needing to spend any additional time thinking about Killian’s strange strategy and the annoyance now plaguing the field.
“Rogers!” Hodge is coming onto the field now, placing a hand on Steve’s chest. “Inning’s not done yet, we’re up to bat. Now get back in the lineup and leave Barnes to us.”
Bucky cuts him off with a groan, gently pushing his hand away. “Steve, how many times do we have to go through this? This is a huge game, and you’ve seen how many outs I’ve assisted today. I’m sure Galang would do just fine in my place, but we
Steve is perfectly fine with the subject change. "Yes," he groans. "I'm starving."
"I-I need help.. please.." he cried through the phone. It was getting harder and harder to breath.
Wade raised an eyebrow. "Maybe some fucking
Though Peter's breathing evened out, tears still fell from his eyes and onto the shirt he was wearing (which happened to be Wade's shirt that he was gifted). "They k-know.." was all Peter could say, and even those words burned his throat. Natasha nodded stiffly, sadness in her eyes. Another stray tear rolled down Peter's cheek. Frowning softly, Romanoff reached up and wiped the tear away with her thumb as she caressed the young boys cheek.
are we suppose to do? None of us knows how to raise a child -- let alone two distressed, depressed, and emotionally unstable teenage boys!"
Is that an offer, spidey?
Pursing his lips, he stared at his bandaged wrap reflection, mentally, and physically, cursing when he saw the whole on the side of the binder getting bigger and bigger. The once pinky-finger sized dot was now about the side of three fingers. Lifting up his arm, he saw that his skin was getting a bit irritated from all the rubbing.
"Could ask you the same thing, hmm?" Hawkeye retorted, eyebrow raised as he spun back around and grabbed a pair of big ass tweezers and a torch, the small piece of metal in his hand. Stark's eyes widened at the scene.
named Flash. Who the hell names their kid 'Flash', anyways? Like, what the hell?
"What other situation?" Steve questioned just as worriedly. Both Sam and Rhodey rose a confused eyebrow, not understanding the other situation they were referring too. Somehow, Wanda and Vision understood it all, though they said nothing.
"Wow, who pissed in your Fruit-loops?" he asked, taken aback. "Any who," the masked Mercenary started talking again before the younger could get a word out of his mouth, "What brings you to this side of the roof?"
Once again, Peter shook his head with a chuckle, his hands in the back of his pockets. Walking into the mall, Peter chewed the inside of his cheek.
Instantly, Wanda pulled away. Mouth agape, the female stared at the young boy who was teary eyed and panicking. "You weren't suppose to see that," he choked out, hands scrambling for his phone.
"Nat, what's wrong?" Clint questioned, his eyes feeling with even
Sighing, she opened the door fully for Thor to step in, which he did, and he closed the door behind them. Leaning against the wooden doorway, he watched his sister carefully.
“Hello, Peter. Nice to finally meet you in person.” Stark smiled, placing the rest of his uneaten scone on the napkin (that May laid out) in front of him.
Hard.
"This is
Peter's secret isn't such a secret anymore to one Avenger.
"What?"
have to have one."
Clint grinned an evil smile that would put Loki to shame. "You know you love me."
help you get better!"
"How did you know that?" Romanov spoke, her words somewhat sharp.
"If you didn't want to draw attention to your conversation, you shouldn't have clamped his mouth shut. Now people are looking, idiot." she spoke, her voiced laced with heavy sarcasm. Looking around, still wide eyed, Spider-Man did realized that a few confused people were staring at them weirdly. Instantly removing his hand, Peter stuffed the both of them into his hoodie pocket. "Weirdo."
Eyes widen once more, as Bruce Banner walked into the room, earning a small ‘eap!’ from the teenage boy. Tony laughed loudly as Steve had an amused look placed upon his face.
Nodding his head, Peter gave out his best grin -- somewhat excited for his shopping trip with Nat. The once smile turned into a frown, realizing something quite important. "I, uh, don't have that much money, so it might be short lived.." he said quite shyly.
. At the moment, Peter was stationed on one of his go to rooftops -- the one Deadpool and him always seemed to meet at.
-Remus.
Once that was done, Wade moved onto his ankle. Taking another rolled covering, the older wrapped it around his ankle tightly, making sure to have a good amount of pressure to it. Now wrapped, Wade pulled down Peter's shirts and scooted up the couch. Taking a clean washcloth, Wade poured some of the water from the bottle onto it, making it damp.
"Spidey, I asked you a question. What are you doing up there?" Deadpool repeated.
Her eyes were red, and her face was abnormally pale. Other than that, she looked fine.
(Shut up, you're going to ruin the moment!)
“I’m so sorry about your sister.” Stark spoke with a soften glance.
"Hun, I'm a high level trained assassin, I pick up things most people don't usual get." she smiled with pursed lips.
. It just wasn't
A few minutes passed, the only sound echoing in the room was the clock hands, signalling more time has went by. Tony broke the awkward silence, thankfully. With a big sigh, he took a quick look at his watch. "Food should be here, right... about.."
Minutes passed -- or maybe it was seconds -- and his breathing became harder to control. His vision became blurry and he gripped his legs to his chest so tightly that it would leave contusions. His head was so loud -- so
"Clint," Natasha ordered, her face cold as she looked over at her best friend. She had just gotten off the phone with Peter, and to say that she wasn't worried would be a complete and utter lie. "Come on --
im going to kick flash's ass
But most of all, Peter just wanted to have his family back.
"What's wrong?" Steve questioned, looking up from his lap and directing his attention towards the electronic.
Confused for a moment, Peter knitted his eyebrows together, not sure what he meant by that. But then he realized, “Oh!” he spoke a little to loud, making May jump in the slightest. “Um, Aunt May, could I speak with Mr. Stark.. In private?”
Memories soon began to appear through her mind.
With that, the two Avenger's picked up the boy carefully and began to walk back to the car in a hurry. "But whoever it was, will have to answer to me, personally."
“Sorry,” she apologized, “It’s just that I thought you would be less.. Scrawny.”
"Peter, could I come in?"
Turning towards the side, Peter frowned and gently placed his hand on one of the wounds, instantly flinching away with a small hiss. Giving up, Peter walked back over to his drawers and pulled out his worn out, torn up grey binder. Placing it on, with a bit of struggle, Parker groaned out through gritted teeth as it wiped over the marks. Sucking in a deep breath, Peter walked over towards the desk and pulled the handle to one of the bottom drawers. Taking out the red and blue suit, Peter slipped it on, trying his best to ignore the nagging he was going to get later.
Natasha, Clint, and Bruce felt like they were going to be
Sighing to himself, Parker sat upon the rooftop, his feet dangling over the edge. Lifting his mask to where it was rested just above his nose (still covering his eyes and such), he let out another deep breath. Peter stayed this like this for a while, getting lost in his own thoughts.
Sliding the shirt all the way up to the teens collarbone, Wade frowned at the sight.
Chewing the inside of his cheek, Peter held back the oncoming tears. Looking down at the side, Romanoff's heart broke at the sight of Parker being so disheveled. He was already going through enough dysphoria with not being able to wear a binder, but then this? There was going to be Hell to pay, that was for sure.
"Over there is the men's section, holding all kinds of clothes. If you're shopping for yourself," she turned her attention from Peter to Natasha, "The women's is opposite to that. Basically a mirror if you think about it!" she giggled in a high pitched manner. Parker raised his eyebrows and pursed his lips. Nat thanked Amber quickly and the two basically sprinted off to the men's section.
"It's fine. But that's not what I came here to talk about. Peter, why were you so overwhelmed back at the table?"
"Peter! Oh, good, you're awake." May smiled, letting the young boy sit up before speaking once more, "You have a visitor down in the living room."
Peter and Natasha's shopping spree gets put to a halt.
One by one, all of Peter's classmates soon began to walk to one side or the other. Ned was to the left, Michelle to the right, and a bunch others mixed in between. Soon, it was just Flash and Peter in the middle. Everyone stared at them, waiting for the upcoming snarky remark or fist thrown. "And finally," Flash smiled as he saw their teacher coming back with a sack of different coloured balls. "Penis Parker to the left. "Or wait, shouldn't you be on the
Taking a deep breath, Peter inhaled through his nose and exhaled through his mouth, just like Aunt May had said when he needed to calm down and stop an oncoming panic attack. Then, Peter Parker told Wade everything. From all the bullying at his school, his uncle Ben, his wide range of disorders, how he was staying with The Avengers, his depression, and finally, him being transgender. At the end of it all, Peter was holding back tears at the strong silence that made its way over and between the two. Suddenly, Wade stood up, and the young boy thought he was going to loose it. 'What if he doesn't like me anymore?' 'What if he thinks I'm disgusting?' 'What if he thinks I'm a disgrace?' 'What if--'
It was only when Natasha left the room that he noticed his phone was buzzing crazily.
"What do you mean Peter's went off the grid?!" Tony fumed, his hand curling into a fist by his side.
"Thank you, Mister Loki..." Peter mumbled into his chest.
“Yup.” Tony replied, popping the ‘p’.
{Oh, Imma bout to beat someone's ass}
Steve wasn't sure if he was supposed to hear that or not, so he simply ignored it. Instead, he looked back towards the screen, a smile on his face.
"So I was thinkin--" Wade started but was cut off as Peter stood up,
Rhodey nodded his head. "I agree." he simply added.
The boy's hair was tangled and messy, sticking up in places that mimicked a certain god's helmet. His skin was abnormally pale, and his eyes were so red that if the Avengers didn't know any better, they would have thought the young male was on some kind of drug.
"I'm making Nat something," he repeated as he grabbed the torch and flicked it on, blue flame sprouting from the end of it causing him to smile.
Peter's heart dropped. Those were the six exact words that ruined Peter's life. He thought that he had escaped that, by moving to a different school but he was wrong, for stupid Flash found out and won't drop it. He had gotten used to it though, learning to deal with the bullying and pain for years. But once he thought he had escaped it completely, reality comes crashing down on him.
His eyes glanced over all the options as he checked off the mental list.
Looking down at Peter, the female sighed. "I gotta go pick up the boys. I will be back soon, okay?" Parker softly nodded. "If you need anything, call; that's a demand." Leaning down, Black Widow kissed the young teens forehead. Letting go of his hand, she grabbed her jacket and left the room, sending back one last smile before disappearing.
A few seconds later, the red haired female peaked her head from around the corner of the room. "Yes?" she questioned, too scared to come out fully.
to Thor. Years later when the Allfather announced that Loki wasn't actually
/////
God, they hope they wouldn't be too late.
try to finish that sentence. You are amazing, Wade Wilson. Anyone could see that." Wade looked at him confused, eyebrows knitting together as if he's never been told that -- but knowing him and his past, that was probably true. Heart aching, Peter released one hand and trailed it down his scarred cheek, running all the way down towards his lips. Peter slowly kissed the male again, almost as if he was having withdraws from being apart from Wade's touch, let alone lips.
"Okay, I get it. I'm not good at hiding things." he huffed, pouting the slightest. The Widow rolled her eyes and nudged the kid.
of those things.
Sighing, Tony started talking once more, “But despite those small things, you remind me of someone I used to know. The attitude to prove it, too.”
Loki thought to himself,
"What do you want, Barton?"
Smiling a faint smile, Natasha reached over and held Parker's hand. "Peter, you're fine. He doesn't know -- yet. He
"My father does not really concern this subject, but if you would like to know, I shall tell you, dear mortal. My father is Loki, the god of mischief." Peter's eyes widen. "My father has heard good stories about you, from his brother who watches over the so called 'Avengers'. Come to think of it, I'm not sure you have met him yet." Peter shook his head, his throat running dry. His heart began to beat faster and faster, sweat droplets appearing on his forehead.
floral. "How about you go try that on?" Natasha nodded her head towards a black long sleeve covered in different white doodles. Nodding his head, Parker took the cloth off the rack and made his way to the dressing room, which, conveniently, was just a couple of steps to the left.
out of character for him. Like, the author needs to get his shit together.
that aesthetically pleasing."
Startled, Peter snapped his attention towards the man. "H-How did you..?"
of mischief, and secondly, none of you have simply
he questioned to himself. Pulling once more for good measure, he placed his book on the bedside table and nodded his head. Soon realized that the voice couldn't see him, he cleared his throat loudly and answered with a simple 'Yeah, sure.'
people constantly. All he wanted, really, was for Peter to be happy. And seeing this distraught, mess of a hero? It made the man insane. He was filled with outrage.
Steve panics, Peter panics, and Clint laughs.
Ned thought,
"So, I thought that you were one of the slacker kids, so I pulled up your grades for your other classes from last year. And, to be completely honest, they're amazing. Perfect straight A's all around." he said with shock, looking towards the small student. "And it looks like you're in okay shape, so... what's the deal?"
"What the hell happened, Nat?!" Clint whisper shouted as he looked at the bloody, bruised boy collapsed on the ground. Natasha shook her head.
Wade's eyes widened even more. "Like 'how Britney Spears loved her hair in '07' kind of like or 'leprechauns being greedy shits with their gold' kind of like?" Peter stared up at the male with confusion in his face.
May only gave him a sweet smile, tears prickled her eyes as well. "I lo-ove you, Pe-Peter. Be the best h-hero you ca-an be.."
Taking off, with Clint trailing behind her, the two rushed by students, one again ignoring the loud gossip. Entering the gymnasium to find it empty, Clint ran a hand through his hair. "What about the locker room?"
Wade's head snapped towards the goddess. "Yep! Annnd you must be Lady Loki. The readers quite enjoy you, not gonna lie." The Avengers raised a confused eyebrow. "Annnywho, how are we going to find Peter? Any ideas?"
"Well," Wilson chimed in, smiling through his mask. "You aren't the only one who has someone to woo."
no matter how close they are.
Looking around, he found himself standing in a white space in nothing but what seemed to be a hospital gown. It felt like he was waiting for something, but he didn't know what.
Not less than a minute, and Parker is out of the showers fully dressed, and walking back to place his regular clothes in his locker. "Damn," Ned muttered under his breath. "You really are quick." Blushing with embarrassment, Peter shrugged as he shut the locker door and waited patiently for Leeds. Once the two were completely dressed, they made their way to the gymnasium.
"I'll help, Spidey." Deadpool spoke up, grabbing the attention of the young superhero. A small smile appeared on the young boys face as he grabbed the plates and walked off into the next room to set up the table with the masked mercenary. Once everyone was out of ear shot, Peter sighed a breath of, somewhat, relief. "So," Wade spoke while taking some of the dishes and silverware, placing them in their correct spots. "What brings you to this side of the Tower?"
"Well, well, well, if it isn't loser number one." Flash teased. Peter, for the umpteenth time today, sighed.
"Ma-May I be excused?" Peter asked in a shaky, hushed voice. The table then went silent, Steve nodding his head slightly. With that, Peter took a deep breath, stood up, and walked to his room, wrapping his big hoodie around himself, trying his best to hide his wrapped chest.
Peter furrowed his eyebrows together, which Natasha shrugged at, confused as well.
teenage boy.
"Oh, you used my name! What a lovely surprise," Barton chuckled from his squatted position. A long silence proved that the other hero was
The billionaire raised an eyebrow, "A fly the size of my head?"
the kid in here."
This time, Natasha sighed. Running a hand through her hair, she began to think through this whole ordeal. She wanted to explain to the captain and others of what was going on, but she couldn't find it in herself to
shut up? We're doing this for Peter -- therefore it doesn't matter if we get hurt, as long as he's happy.]
"Where is young Peter, Edward?" the goddess fired another questioned towards the young boy.
Sighing, the billionaire turned back towards Natasha, Loki, and Bruce. "This isn't going to work. Loki
While his old life was being left behind, his new one was only beginning.
Loki rolled his eyes at the idiotic Midgardian. "Does he ever shut up?" he questioned Natasha, who he sat beside.
ago, the memory of watching one of the only people that truly loved and cared about me during my childhood dying right in front of my eyes still haunts me."
Hello lovelies, I would just like to thank you for all the support and love on this book. It truly brings tears to my eyes. When I first started this book, I didn't think anyone would read it, let alone actually enjoy it! Seeing and reading all these comments makes me so happy, I cannot express the words that I feel in such a small space to write.
Okay, shopping for Natasha shouldn't be
Also! "Спокойной ночи мой маленький паук" translates (roughly) to 'Goodnight my little spider' from Russian to English. Please note that I am really not the best at the language, so if it is wrong and you know for a fact that it is, please, tell me down in the comments and I will try to fix it!
They know.
He knew he couldn't move on his own, it hurt to much. So, he called the one person he could trust.
." Peter raised an eyebrow and Wade put his free hand up in surrender. Unwillingly letting go of his Spider, Wade put the car in gear and drove off to the local mall.
On televisions everywhere, the local news stations were blaring with a siren. "And coming up next, we will be talking with-- wait. I'm getting some news." the news anchor spoke. "A what? I can't hear you -- speak u--"
I would just like to apologize for the late update. I was sorta having a little writers block for this. I know where I want to go with this story, it's just typing it out that I'm having trouble with.
Sam sighed as he rubbed his temples. "So, what is our plan of action here exactly?"
"You guys really got to stop doing that." Peter whined before grabbing his science and maths books out. Slamming the locker door closed, Peter pulled down the hood of his hoodie and began to walk with his small friend group. They had a few minutes to spare, so they decided to get caught up on all the stuff that had happened. And seeing that MJ knew he was Spider-Man, he didn't hold back any details.
{Gotta go fast}
Sighing, he hissed when he touched the wound. Rolling his eyes, he slid off the binder, placing it on top of the mess of clothes. Taking a wet wash rag from wherever it came from, he dampened it and placed it on the  red area. Couple seconds pass and he removes the rag. Lifting his arm up once more, he notices the redness went down slightly.
Sighing, Parker only realized that he has accomplished step one and two. Running a hand through his hair, Peter pulled at the baggy graphic t. He wasn't wearing a binder (due to both Nat and Wade killing him simultaneously), nor a sports bra, because he still hurt from the 'wounds'. Chewing the inside of his cheek -- which was a habit he
, but what I don't understand is what else you're adding that makes his life so much worse."
The room that he was in smelt way different from his bedroom. The one at the Avenger's Tower smelt of lemon's and the fresh smell of a new book. This room, however, smelt of faint chemicals. The air, as well, was quite different. It wasn't suffocating, but, it wasn't light either.
"Afraid not," she spoke sadly, a playful frown on her face. Loki sighed in the same tone, a small smirk threatening to appear.
a disgrace -- and don't you
"Shh!" Wade spoke dramatically, "We can't say the name brand, we'll get copyrighted! It's a--a
Natasha eyes widened to where it was noticeable now. "The same one?" she questioned in near shock.
A moment of uncomfortable silence fell over the gathering.
The news anchors suddenly disappeared from the screen and in place was a blank blue screen.
Gaining the rest of the attention, Thor continues as if nothing happens. "My sibling, Loki," he restarts his sentence, "is what you call genderfluid. Sometimes he is Loki, God of mischief and lies, the other times he is Loki,
Groaning, Wade dramatically collapsed to the floor. "I'm going to
The group was stunned.
The young hero was quiet for a short moment as he clutched onto the hem of his shirt tightly, tugging on the fabric as he held back those salty tears. Clearing his throat, he talked once more. "I don't understand how you're supposed to help me be trans -- out of all the people, why you? Why do you say you understand?" he repeated his question unknowingly. At the moment, his brain was barely working.
I wasn't out that long... how the hell did you even get my number?
I would like to also apologize for how short this chapter is. I just felt super bad for not giving you all anything after weeks -- and I know this is shitty, but still. Again, I'm sorry for disappointing you.
"Well," Tony smacked Peter's back with a smile. "Welcome to the family, kid."
Tony's jaw clenched as he looked on as the teenage boy took one step, and then, another. "Oh god, Aunt May.." Peter sobbed, tears flowing down his cheeks wildly. It was only then when a nurse walked into the room. Stark moved out of the way.
to much attention." Nodding along, the doctor slipped on his lab coat and pulled out some materials that Clint didn't know the name of. "And please, Bruce, Stark
Holding his breath, Peter reached over to the small bedside table and grabbed his phone. Clicking the power button, his voice screen turned on displaying the time in bold, white letters. On the home screen revealed a prolific amount of alerts. There were around 13 text messages and thirty-five missed calls; half of them from a number he's never seen before.
Peter's heart dropped even more. "Please," he whispered out, his heart lurching up his chest and into his throat, causing his voice to crack. Ainsley only shook her head, her frown deepening.
A loud sigh was heard from the other side of the door. Hitting record on his camera, Clint held back his laughter as the door opened to reveal a
Steve was the first to speak up, though his mouth was so dry it hurt too. "What do you mean, Thor?"
Peter Parker was never a fighter, so why did the world expect him to fight back?
Chuckling to himself, Peter closed the door and sat his backpack on the bed along with his duffel.
"My name," Parker sighed, "Is Peter. If we're friends, I think we should know each other's names, and seeing that I know yours already, I think it's only fair you know mine." There was a soft pause of silence. Wade grinned happily.
Loki frowned softly as he summoned the blanket from before -- which soon became Peter's favourite as well. Smiling softly up at the man, Peter wrapped it around his body, a tired sigh escaping his lips. The silver-tongued prince took this as a silent 'thank you'.
, not the killer's. While you all are so busy trying to find Peter, Peter's trying to find the murderer himself. Meaning, he's running all over the city, in all cracks and corners, to find them. But, we won't see that pretty spandex-clad ass of his until he knows who the killer is. Yanno?"
"Definitely me." he spoke to no on in particular.
"Oh, shit." Tony muttered under his breath. Unlike his usually sassy remarks, this one was of concern and worry. "What happened?"
Underneath the headline was smaller text.
Readjusting his grip on Parker, Barton walked quickly along side Romanoff, Peter in between them. Entering the main hall (which was still crowded with students), gasps rang out.
"There's the kid," Sam joked before his eyes bulged. "Jesus f--" Steve raised an eyebrow, a bemused expression clear on his face. "--udge?" Clint sniggered as he plopped down next to Natasha on one of the couches. Peter hid a smile as he walked over to the gigantic Christmas tree and placed the wrapped packages down on the floor. There were already tons of gifts, basically overflowing the bottom, but still, Peter found way to place them. Playing Tetris really paid off.
{I think we can count that as a win,}
Peter sighed as he stared at the text. Slowly, his fingers moved to type in a response. 'It... hurts.. A lot, really. It's almost like I can still feel Flash's kicks.. is that weird..?
There in the elevator was Natasha, Clint, and a badly injured Peter Parker. Bruises and cuts littered his skin, both dried and fresh blood painting his body like war paint. "What the hell happened to you, Peter?" the hero whispered under his breath as he watched the screen with wide eyes.
"Let's open some gifts, bitches!" Tony shouted, raising his beer. Everyone automatically turned to Cap, awaiting the infamous catchphrase. Sighing, Rogers rolled his eyes and whispered a quiet; "Language." The group laughed, all except Loki and Wade -- which, Wade was more.. fangirling..?
About an hour later, Wanda walked into the small room. Closing the door behind her, she looked at the younger boy with a small smile. "Hey, Peter," she greeted, her eyes slightly red and puffy -- like Natasha's had been. "How are you doing?"
When entering the boys locker room, Natasha stopped dead in her tracks. Clint was right by her side as well, shock and anger on his face at the sight of the young teen. "What the fuck?!" he nearly shouted, causing Peter to flinch even more at the loud noise.
“Ah, yes!” Stark said suddenly remembering what he came down here for, “I wanted to talk to you about something… important.” he said, raising a hidden eyebrow at the word important.
{Oh no, what if it's too much? What if Peter doesn't like it? what if--}
"I can't tell you that."
"If you'll look closely here, you can see that there's two CCTV camera here in the alleyway, but seeing that they're privately owned, the police has to have a search warrant, which can take literal hours to draw up. The possible footage could hold some valuable information, but, seeing that they can't get into it, we won't know unless they release it."
For the first time in a while, he smiled. A true smile. Natasha took note of this, observing from afar. Her hand rested under her chin, watching Peter's every movement. "Jesus, Nat, scare the child why don't you." Sam muttered under his breath; earning a swift punch to his face. "Dammit.." he hissed while rubbing his nose.
Snacking on the small food, Peter sighed happily as he held tightly onto his boyfriend's hand. He wore a happy smile on his face, though he was worried about what to get Deadpool. That's when an idea popped into his idea. Finishing his pretzel, Peter excused himself for the bathroom. Wilson pouted, but obliged. Parker walked around the corner towards the restrooms, and once he was out of view, he booked it towards the jewelers.
Pursing his lips together, Parker silently nodded. The once excitement that entered his body must have been forgotten at the lobby because it was no more with him. All the bad possibilities rushed across his mind; ‘What if they don’t except him?’ ‘What if they don’t like him because he’s trans?’ ‘What will they say when they finally get to see who’s under the mask?’ ‘What if--’
-----
Peter couldn't
"Instead, I would wake up and come face to face with my reflection, hating everything that I could see," he repeated Peter's words. "I was disgusted with myself -- and I still am."
"Babe," the older male called. "Babe, babe, babe, they have pretzels," he smiled widely, his stomach growling quite loudly. "They have motherfucking
Wanda was the first one to step up, walking over quickly to the small hero, bending down with a concern look. "Are you okay, hun?" she questioned, eyebrows raised as they knitted together.
Jumping slightly, Peter rushed over towards the Avengers, nearly tripping on the fluffy rug. Clint rolled his eyes, Sam holding in a laugh, as the Spider-Boy landed 'ever so gracefully' on to his hands and knees.
Nearly hugging the man right then and there, Natasha nodded her head swiftly before taking off, once more, towards the boys locker room.
Shortly after that was finished, he took the towel that was on the back of his neck and began to dry his hair with it, only after turning around so he couldn't see his anatomical errors. Once his hair was nearly dry, he placed the towel to the side and began to dress himself. Picking up the new binder (courtesy of Natasha, Bruce, and Clint), he stared down at it, running his thumbs over the soft material of it all. Thinking for a moment, he decided to do something daring. Placing the chest-reducing material back down, he picked up his tight tank top and placed it on, his large hoodie following shortly after. Sliding on his boxers, he placed his packer in properly before sliding on his sweats.
"Know about what exactly?" the assassin questioned, tilting her head to the side. "About you being beaten up or who you really are?"
The white carpets covered the area, a round table in the middle of the room, a TV in front of it on the wall, and a couch behind the table. Clearing his throat, Stark grabbed the attention of the Avengers, causing all their heads to turn towards the billionair. Suddenly, Parker found himself selfconcious, worried about their opinion’s of him.
{PREPARE YOURSELF--}
Loki smiled up at him, still in the same spot he sat when Peter got up. Loki playfully sniffed the air. "Much better," he teased.
Glancing between the two people on the couch, Peter nervously asked, “What brings you down to my humble abode.
That was mistake number one.
“But, why?” Peter suddenly questioned.
But it was hard to breathe. Or maybe he just didn't want to anymore.
Peter blushed bright red and nodded his head. Wade also promised to not fondue with Parker, either. Going back to Peter's assigned room, the two stepped in and closed the door. Not wasting one second, they engulfed each other, snuggling together as they stood in the middle of the, quite large, bedroom. That is, until Peter pulled away. "Shit, I forgot." he muttered to his partner. Walking over to his desk, he fiddled with his coat and pulled out a, now wrapped, box. It was small to say the least, but Deadpool looked like he was going to cry.
"That was... unpleasant," Thor spoke from his sitting position. This was the first time that he's met the famous spiderling, and their first impression was Peter having a breakdown. Clint rolled his eyes, wanting to make some kind of smartass remark, but, for once, he didn't have it in him. Instead, he spoke softly towards the group.
"Where am I?" Peter spoke, his voice trembling the slightest.
what the actual
social interaction."
in this class, so it made Peter feel a hundred times more stressed.
"Oh Spidey!!" an all too familiar voice hollered making Peter groan loudly. "Oh, do that again, makes me all tingly inside." the owner of the voice smiled, sitting down next to Parker.
going
"PEDESTRIAN KILLED BY BURGLAR"
picture, more than he is now, apparently. "Maybe this will help," Hel said. Looking up, Parker saw the Goddess wave her hand. Appearing out of thin air, was a ripple of scenery.
"I agree with MJ. He's a dick and is just looking for attention. Besides, we both know you can kick his ass any day."
"Watch your language, young man." Stark scolded playfully, pointing a teasing finger at the Captain. Steve chuckled under his breath, shaking his head with a sigh.
"What is this, the Sims?"
"Language, Tony!" Steve clicked his tongue. Clint and Bruce chuckled, rolling their eyes at the small inside joke.
"If you think that we would treat him any different than before, you would be stupidly wrong. We wouldn't treat Peter different because of who was before. This is the Peter we know now, not the old him. He's apart of the Avengers -- he's our
“Hmm?” he turned around to see her hide a smile.
Wilson rolled his eyes at the conversation his 'boxes' were having and reached across the table to pick up a crêpe rolled bandage. Opening it, he carefully wrapped the cream coloured bandage around Peter's midsection, right where the gnash was.
"Oh my god -- can I kill him yet?" Stark muttered before speaking a bit louder. "Okay, look. As much as I love this little talk, I have things to prepare for me and Steve, m'kay? 'Kay." With that, the billionaire left the chocolate aisle and ran off out of eyesight.
Tony scoffed. "Bullshi-- okay, I see your point.."
A frown etched its way onto his face as he scooted to where he was sitting down beside him. "Peter..." he whispered softly, concern and a bit of something else stitched in his voice. "I would never hurt you. Why on earth would you think that?"
The prince smiled softly. "I am. Though today is one of my male days, I can feel that a feminine day is approaching, however."
under his breath as he leaned over and grabbed one of the wet washrags. Dipping it into the pink bowl, he began to slowly wash the wounds. At this point, he couldn't tell if some of them were from Dash (Rash -- whoever), or if they were from Peter's old binder. Peter jerked when the cloth ran over the now-opened stitches.
Parker nodded.
I’ve been, for a while now, in a constant state of anxiety, depression, and outbursts. My therapist, which I do NOT like (and now I can suddenly remember why I stopped going ages ago) has said that I was basically overreacting and that I
." he started, listing off things to the older man. "And then helping me by cleaning me up after I just barged into your home like I owned the place,"
"More than a couple of years."
Nodding his head quickly, he grabbed his backpack and duffel bag, pulling it along as he followed Tony. A wave of excitement washed over himself as he entered the elevator that lead up to the Avengers.
Parker shook his head. "Why are you in the hospital? Why didn't you tell me you were sick."
"Oh my god," Peter choked out after a moment.
“Okay, I get the point.” Peter huffed, crossing his arms over his chest like a three year old not getting his way.
) to bring the child out of his shell of a room and towards the living area to actually
And then Peter started to pale. ‘Dammit!’ he thought, ‘I knew this would happen, I should’ve declined Mr. Stark’s offer’ he scolded himself.
. Not taking up the courage to speak, Peter only nodded slowly, even more pain rushing through his body at the movements. Natasha smiled, a small tear rolling down her cheek as she gently pulled the young teenager into a hug.
“H-Hi, Mr. Rogers,” Peter said in a starstruck voice, looking up to the man as he shook his hand.
"I'm going to hit the hay.." he motioned towards the bed. Romanoff got the hit and walked towards the door. Once getting situated, the female opened the door and turned off the light to the bedroom. "Goodnight, Nat.. and thank you.." he smiled, snuggling up in the bed.
Deadpool sprung into action. Hightailing himself into the bathroom, Wade grabbed the first aid kit, towels, washrags (both wet and dry), and ran back into the living room. Dumping the pile of things onto the coffee table in front of him, Wade sprinted into the kitchen. Opening the door, he grabbed a bottle of water. Setting that down to the side, he grabbed a bubblegum pink bowel from the cabinet above him and filled it up with water. Picking up both items, he (speed) walked back into the area Parker was in.
As for Peter and Michelle? They were the most amazing best friends that he could ever ask for -- always being there for him when he needed it, and he vice versa. "Morning, Ned." his mother smiled.
Checking over Peter's every injury, Bruce began to slowly lift up the boys shirt. "Stop." Natasha ordered the male. Instantly, Bruce retracted his hand, dropping the shirt in the process. "There's something you should know before you do this -- the both of you." she sighed. Peter was going to hate her later, but Bruce needed to know -- to help Peter -- and Natasha would do anything to help Peter.
“C-Coming!” he replied, grabbing his one duffel bag and backpack as he ran down the stairs, fixing his shoe halfway so it didn’t come off making him trip.
Nodding his head, Parker slowly took an inhale of air as Wade cleaned up around his nose, making sure that all blood was gone. Whilst he was doing this, he noticed that some of the small and minor scrapes and cuts were healing over quite nicely, due to the fact of Peter's healing factor.
Soon, the turkey was finished. Peter's stomach growled loudly, causing the females to laugh softly, their stomachs following suit. Wanda blushed lightly at the sound she made. Natasha brushed it off and tried her best to cool the turkey slightly so she could start carving the meat. While Natasha finished the last of the carving, the second oven beeped, signalling  that the mincemeat pie was now finished. Running his tongue over the bottom of his lip, Peter pulled on the oven mitts and pulled out the pie. Placing it on the counter, next to all the other food, Peter put the mitts back up, making sure to pick up after himself. He couldn't stand a messy station, though his room sometimes resembled a pigsty.
child, it all clicked into place. Because of this, he realized on Frigga and her guidance -- for he will
“Obey Gravity
Pulling away, Loki stared at Leeds with tearful eyes. "What on earth did you do..?"
Anyways, like I've said copious times, thank you so much for reading, and I hope to see you again in the next chapter! Xx
did Flash do this time?
"Exactly," Clint smirked. Zooming in on the map with both of his hands, he pulled up the spot of where it all went down.
"You planned this out very carefully, you know that, Peter?" Natasha smiled softly, amusement clear in her facial expression.
Wade spun on the heel of his foot to face the circle of confused adults. "This isn't the best plan, and sure as
After maths, it was science, and after that, it was lunch, then English and history. And finally, gym. Groaning, Peter departed from MJ and walked into the boys locker room with Ned. They were around three minutes early, so they knew Flash was not here yet. Quickly running to his locker, quite literally, Peter took out his gym clothes and ran off into shower area, getting dressed with what little privacy he had. Since he got his new powers, he is a lot more quick than he used to be.
For those who don't know, "ты, черт возьми, издеваешься надо мной" roughly translates to "you're fucking kidding me" in Russian. Like I've said before, I am not an expert in the language, so please, let me know if I am wrong and I will change it asap.
I, personally, have been addicting to this song for a little bit now, and thought it would be the perfect song between the two {Natasha and Peter}. Like previous chapters, I do apologize is Nat seems a little bit OOC.
"I was thinking." Peter replied.
˗ˏˋ HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE! ˎˊ˗
. We're all in a giant cat and mouse game of who can find 'em first."
surprising what a person will tell you if they ask you nicely."
"Ugh, yes, could you point us to the men's section?" Romanoff asked politely. Nodding her head eagerly, 'Amber' pointed her finger behind her and towards the right.
Steve sighed, leaning back in his chair. "Seeing Tony will not apologies of his own, I will do so on his behalf. Now, please, could you tell us Wade's last name, ma'am?"
Peter, on the other hand, was overwhelmed by all the generocity, and gifts given towards
weather for once. You know you don't like this weather either, Spidey. Can't go around in your spandex, showing off that nice ass of yours, in a heavy ass coat. Oh! Look at me! I'm Spider-Man in a--"
"The question we should be asking is whose MJ's killer -- and she prefers MJ over Michelle, btw." Wade spoke, his mask rolled up to his nose as he sucked on a lollipop. At first, he wouldn't ever think about showing his face, let alone a part of his skin, but when both Natasha and Wanda saw his hesitation, they made him feel safe enough to do it -- they also promised that if any of the members gave him one side look or glance wrong, they'd end them. So, he gave in (and so did his hunger).
Was h --
Wake up, get dressed (in the clothes wade had gave him), eat some serial, and then some other things that Peter has yet to add.
Empty.
"Wh-What are the choices again..?"
"Then why are you even showing me this?"
And Peter simply watched as a part of him died, right in front of his very eyes.
After finally shaking off Wade, he reentered his bedroom, taking off his Spider-Man mask and suit. Stretching he plopped himself on his bed, grinning at how comfortable the mattress was. He must have dozed off, because the next thing he knows Aunt May is shaken him awake with a strong arm.
Picks up right after the previous chapter.
Whipping their heads towards the unknown voice, the group had mixed emotions. Natasha and Clint were reaching for their weapons and Stark was getting ready to call his suit.
"I heard my name?"
(You make it sound perverted,) Whitey huffed in exasperation. Wade rolled his eyes as he pulled up to his apartment building and parked in his usual spot. Getting out, Peter shivered slightly at the chilly, cold weather, the latter doing the same. Bouncing up and down to retain warmth, Deadpool and Spider-Man grabbed the gifts in the backseat and made a run for the flat.
Rubbing his hand up and down, Tony smiled a small, sad smile. His lips thinned as he pulled Peter towards him even more to where his head was resting on the top of his chest. Right now, Peter needed someone to reassure him that everything was okay and for someone to be there for him. What better way could Tony do than acting like a father-figure towards the boy.
Removing his arm from Peter, he gently shook the young boy awake, which took about three tries. Man, he was actually a heavy sleeper. Sitting up, Parker rubbed his eyes and yawned slightly. Wade nearly teared up. He looked so innocent, like nothing bad had ever happened to him, it was amazing, truly. "Wade..?" Peter spoke softly in a tired voice. Instantly, Deadpool snapped out of his thoughts and looked Peter in the eyes through his mask.
“Y-Yeah..” he whispered back, choking on a cry. But he needed to be strong, for himself, and for him not to make a fool out of himself.
Peter was surprised that he's lasted so long as the crime-fighting spider, seeing the world was slowly forgetting about him.
sighed softly.
Just as the ball hit Peter, the school bell rang, signalling school was over. Standing back up straight, with his hand on his side, Peter watched as Flash highfived his goons, people cheering him on like he was the king -- which, he was far from.
"Tomato potato." Wade waved his hands and he looked down at the younger boy. "Anyway, let's go somewhere else so we can talk -- somewhere without a rooftop to dangle from."
Though there is a slight age gap (2-3 years), there will be no slash/smut in this fanfic, simply because it will not fit with the storyline and/or plot, and seeing that Peter has not reached eighteen (yet). As well as that Wade is technically an adult (seeing that he is nineteen/twenty-ish).
Anger boiled up in all three of them, though Bruce tried to control his. He couldn't let the big guy out. Not yet, at least.
can't go into the men's changing rooms,
"We all are, Tony." Rhodey sighed towards the man.
"He did?" Romanoff raised an eyebrow, giving a side glance to the young hero. Eyes going wide, Peter tried to correct himself.
Walking over, Peter sneered in disgust, poking a random floral coloured shirt. "Who wears this much floral?" he asked The Avenger. Shaking her head, Natasha was, for once, was at a loss for words.
"No-- Peter!" Clint nearly shouted, "Help a man out. Which is better, Star Wars of Star Trek?" Barton questioned Peter.
." Clint said seriously, looking his partner in the eyes.
Not even three minutes later, Bruce spoke up, clear embarrassment in his voice. "I hate you."
"Do what?" he questioned as he turned back to trying to peak inside. "This is my building and I deserve to know what's going on."
Turning on the water once more, he splashed his face and dried it on a random hand towel. Now looking much more presentable, he turned the lights off once more and walked towards the living area once more.
to, but his mouth just couldn't form the words. It was like his lips were glued together. Maximoff must have saw this, for she spoke up once more. "I could always see myself, if you don't want to talk about it..?" she offered, a magical red sprouting from her fingertips to show the younger. Slowly and unsure, Parker nodded his head, closing his eyes tightly. Nodding her head as well, Wanda slowly closed her eyes.
Bruce caved in. "Oh my god -- fine, Clint! Just
Sharing a silent look, the two made their way inside. "Hi, welcome to Rue21, how can I help you?" an older woman, someone around their fifties, asked.
Warn out, he double checked his duffel bag to see what was left. His breath caught in his throat though as he picked up a page of a newspaper. Tears welled in his eyes at the writing.
amused. "But," Barton sighed, eyes landing on a gold looking metal. "I'm making Natasha's Valentine's present."
Aunt May stood their for a moment, an emotionless expression upon her face before she grinned a toothy grin. "Well, I wouldn't expect you two, seeing that you were busy sharing saliva with dear Wade over here." Peter tried his best to hide a smile as he pulled away from his boyfriend.
"Well you try shooting arrows constantly during training all morning without breakfast -- or lunch!" he argued back, eyes squinted.
I probably wouldn't be alive." he finished, though his half smile faded off immediately.
Wade.
"Like it?" Peter repeated spinning around with wide eyes, "I love it! It's amazing! Thank you, Mr. Stark." Peter smiled brightly with a laugh.
Seeming to read his mind, Wanda spoke from one of the copious couches. "Peter, this isn't your fault. You did not know that that was Michelle."
thank you.
Peter and Natasha go shopping. Along the way, they share a 'moment'.
Stark, however, was another story. If it meant he could help his kid somehow, he would sacrifice the world for him. "Peter is going through some things -- hell, he's
Loki raised an eyebrow. "What are you implying, Barton?"
Running into the school, the lady at the desk tried to stop them, but gave up when she noticed who they were. Pulling out a list of Peter's classes (that she had secretly made a copy of in case of an emergency, like this one). Scanning through all the possible classes, there was only one that Peter could be in. The gym.
think of that again, baby boy. You are worth every penny, every second, every bruise, and every fucking thing in the
"Thor... How willing is Loki on helping another person?"
So far, he had only the tiniest lead on to where the killer had escaped too, and even that wasn't much.
have to have a search warrant to get into the cams. I never said that
"What if I want to go back to Ear -- Midgard?" Peter asked, looking up with a confused face. "Why do I have a choice?"
Loki nodded, her curls sweeping over her shoulder. "Very well. Wade's last name, supposedly, is Wilson."
workshop, birdbrain." Tony sniggered as the assassin walked into the room and started rummaging through the smaller pile of metal to the side. "Okay, so I'll ask again -- what are you doing here, Clint?"
"Was trying to hide the fact that you're transgender?" Natasha offered in a hush voice as she raised a poised eyebrow.
"Wanda -- Wanda!" Clint called, snapping the female out of her panicking thoughts. "Please be quiet. We can't let Tony find out about this -- at least, not yet."
Loki will get some emerald earrings (for when it is his female days) while his brother, Thor, will be getting a beanie that is similar to his helmet (stitched in wigs included). Natasha, of course, will be getting a new gun holster, which was really hard to find in the mall, and Clint will be getting some Nerf arrows for his bow, seeing Tony refuses to get him any after the 'incident'.
"Where am I?" Peter questioned, his eyes weary as the two women exchanged a look. "Who are you two?"
"Young Peter is transgender, correct?" Thor spoke from his spot. Instantly, Natasha, Clint, Tony, and Bruce (who just happened to walk in at that time), snapped their hands towards the god.
Once the heart was cut, he took his black permanent marker and uncapped the lid, releasing strong smelling chemicals. [Have I ever told you how much I hate the smell of permanent markers?]
"And don't call me 'sir'!" he shouted back as he walked down the hallway.
[That's actually quite creepy, ya know.]
Parker clenched his jaw as he pushed by people on the sidewalk, faffing around as they continuously talked to their neighbouring partner about trivial things. They took no notice of the boy who was slowly breaking inside (and nearly outside as well), marching his way towards a tower of superheroes.
"It was a horse fly..?"
"My God." the assassin finished for him, her eyes wide just like Peter's. The two turned their heads to look at each, observing their reactions. Then, in a split second, the two began to chuckle loudly, earning weird looks from some random passerby.
doesn't know that. And he
"Tony n-no! D-don't make me do this!" Wanda begged.
was stupid.
Peter!"
What has he done to deserve this?
Deadpool did a double take. "You -- Natas --
(hint; it's not the redhead)
(See the end of the chapter for
"How the hell are we walking on eggshells if they don't even come
His body ached everywhere. His arms. His legs. His chest. His head --
ii - I am in now way bashing or disrespecting Belk. This is simply apart of the story, and this was one of the many stores they had listed at my local mall. So, respectively, I chose said store.
The group stared dumbfounded. "Why haven't you told us this before?" Barton spoke, making sure the god was finished speaking this time.
"So," Steve spoke, looking over his shoulder from where he was occupying the stove top, "School starts up for the year on Monday, you ready to go back?"
"Sorry, Wade, duty calls." Spidey interrupted, jumping off the roof and swinging from web to web, building to building.
Shaking his head, Parker just waved his hand, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from hissing out. "It's n-" Peter grunted, "-othing." Although the Avenger couldn't see it, he was sure Deadpool was raising a sassy eyebrow. Peter's eyes replicated the size of saucers, shit, he didn't have his mask on! Swallowing the saliva building up in his mouth, Peter Parker only prayed that Wade wouldn't go spilling his 'Spider-Man Secret' around town, though, Deadpool doesn't seem to be the type of person to do something like that. But, you never know. Just because a person doesn't look it, doesn't mean they aren't.
"What is it?" Peter asked as he looked up towards his mentor. Tony only pressed his lips into a thin line, eyes glossing over ever-so-slightly. "Mr Stark, tell me what's going on!" Peter shouted after a moment, a horrible, gut-wrenching feeling in the bottom of his stomach. The hero sighed.
was he? Anxiety started to creep in as Peter tried to force his heavy eyelids open. But every time he tried, a strong pain fluttered through his head. Finally, on the fourth try, his eyes opened slightly. Immediately closing them, he mentally winced at the bright lights. Slowly reopening them, he let his eyes adjust to the drastic change of lights.
"Forming a plan." Was the gruff reply.
"Nothing," he said, mirroring her smile. "Just glad you like it."
Ignoring the now bickering boxes, the older male began to sort his groceries; placing thing that needed to stay frozen in the freezer, and those who needed to be in the fridge in the refrigerator.
The elevator dinged as the young boy took a step out of the lift, coming face to face with the people who vowed that they cared about him. They all froze.
“So, what do you say, kid?”
Pulling out of the long drive way, Natasha turned onto the main road. Rolling down the convertible top -- Nat would only take a car with one of them -- Peter smiled happily as his hair flapped through the wind. With one hand on the steering wheel, the older female Avenger reached forwards and turned on the radio. The sounds of music lyric blasted through the speakers.
Anyways, continue, Clint." Steve smiled somewhat gently. But in truth, he was just as eager to hear what the archer had to say, just like everyone else in the room;
was sitting beside
wasn't just a someone.
"-nado warning!" the tv cut back in. "Please evacuate to somewhere safe, grab your emergency bags, and for the love of god, don't go outside!"
Once more, the new housemate gulped. However, this time, it felt like his breath caught in his throat half way through it all. "O-Oh, I was just.." he trailed off trying to find an excuse, but, unfortunately, came up empty handed.
"H-Hi." Peter stuttered, once more, with a nervous smile.
[Shut up, you're going to ruin the moment, idiot,]
Similar to Hawkeye, Iron Man had an idea as well. Quickly buying everything in his cart (which was filled to the brim, mind you), the hero loaded his car and drove off into the near sunrise.
The group of misfits and heroes were crowded around one of the many long tables stashed away in a boring conference room that was hardly used. Both Tony and James decided it was finally necessary to hold a meeting about what to do.
Turning on the light, he walked over under the sink, pulling out a worn out purple bag. Once untying that, he pulled out his Packer, placing it in the new black bag, only finding the bag to be a couple inches wider.
"I mean what I say, Stark. Peter's gone -- and he's going after Lady Michelle's killer." Loki spoke, a headache already coming her way.
Laughing, Wade pulled away to look down at the messy haired, blue eyed human perfection. "How about we eat some food, yeah?"
Forcing herself to not make a remark to the crowd, the two continued to lift Peter to the car.
xX Please mind the spelling errors, this is unedited for now until further notice. Also, sorry for the boring chapter.. >~< Xx
I would like to apologize sincerely for the lack of uploads. During summer break, my family has been taking trip after trip -- and now that school is starting, (I'm getting ready to start my second week into the school year), it's just kicking my ass. Between making Instagram updates, working on my multiple books, and schoolwork, I am hella stressed out (and not the top song).
A knock sounded from Peter's door. "Go away!" he called through the quite thick wood.
"Please don't hurt me." was all the young boy managed out.
"Dammit, Wade!" Peter cried. Taking off his tear stained mask, Peter spun around and looked at the masked mercenary. "I told you to leave me alone!" Though Peter couldn't see it, but under his mask, Wade's eyes widened and his heart broke at the sight.
[Go to your fucking corner, Yellow.]
And don't even get Wade started on that
Unable to keep his eyes open for much longer, he closed them tightly as the tears kept streaming down his face. His nose scrunched up as he forced back a strangled sob. He was suddenly losing the strength to stand, and Parker was too, by the feel of things.
“Your sister, I’m sorry that you had lost her at such a young age.” Tony repeated as it clicked for Peter.
This kiss, however, was over as fast as it started. Looking up, Parker's eyes filled with tears, a happy smile placed on his face. "Thank you," he spoke softly, looking up to meet Wade's denim coloured iris's. "But you shouldn't have done this," Wade's heart sank, "I don't deserve it.."
"I'll be damned."
"Why's that?" he questioned as he measured out the length of the wood, marked it, and repeated the process for the the metal. "No good dreams?"
"I'm a little dysfunctional, don't you know? If you push me it might be bad." Peter started to sing loudly over the music, which impressed Nat. Smiling and nodding her head to the beat, she joined in and sang the next line with the younger boy.
But when she opened the door and found Thor on the other side, those were both instantly gone. Clearing her throat, she raised her head to look at her brother. "Thor. What brings you here?"
The two boys were just now checking out with Aunt May's gift, which was a glasses case that has a scenery over a blue forest painted on it. "So, that's everyone accounted for, isn't it?" Wade questioned his partner. Deadpool's feet was hurting, he was tired, and he was
So sorry about the wait! I was originally going to post this yesterday, but, I'm falling behind on my own human needs (eating, sleeping, etc.) So, I hope you can forgive me. Yeah, I know, I hate myself too.
{Awe, really? I like them because they make us feel high! Did I ever tell you the time were I got high off of a pink Shar--}
So sorry if Wanda is out of character in this, and/or if this seemed very weird for the character. I tried my best, but lately, I haven't been in the mood to write for this book. But, I'm going to keep updating whenever I can. :)
Thor nodded from his sister's side. "You do have a point, sister. But, at this moment, this is the only plan that we have gathered. If we do not act with haste, I'm afraid that something drastic might happen."
{Little did Spidey know, we got him something to!} Yellow smirked happily inside the older's mind.
"What -- Nat, wait!" Clint cried as the cell door was closed back. Natasha held up her middle finger as she retreated down the hallway.
Parker stopped, bumping into a stranger as the crosswalk light turned red. He was in the front of the line, copious people mounting up behind him as they all waited for the light to turn that neon green. Cars honked as they drove by, most of them speeding (not like the police cared).
up?!' which, Steve didn't take too well of. Nonetheless, Peter laughed, enjoying some of the corny jokes that only a handful could understand.
So sorry for the late chapter! I've been trying my best to stay off the interwebs till I see Infinity War (which will be the 29th) (that was the only date that was available here, sadly..)
“Just a heads up, I think all the Avengers are here, Nat, Bruce, Clint-- but I don’t know about Thor.” Tony talked, nodding his head at the soft sound of AC/DC playing as the elevator music.
Parker sniffed, trying his best to blink away tears. "W-who changed my cl-clothes..? A-And where's my binder?" Natasha winced visibly.
"Gasp!" the older male shouted, "Don't you
That's what Peter felt.
The man simply chuckled. As he sat down the white pillow, Peter got a better look at the person.
Though she didn't get sick, that feeling in her stomach wasn't going to go away. Not for a long time.
"You must be Peter." the nurse spoke softly, a small smile on his face. Parker sniffed and looked up at the male. "She talks about you all the time -- it's one of her favourite topics."
"I agree with Nat," Clint sighed, running a hand over his face, a coffee pot filled with to the brim with said coffee in his hand. "This isn't healthy for them. Peter's lost so much already -- his uncle, aunt, mom, dad...
Stark froze.
It was Wade.
in a place where people got worried and upset a lot. Because of this, he was lost in a sea of people.
“One of the most amazing scientist known to human race? I’ve read almost all of your works, and I found them very interesting, ecspecially the one about--”
Bruce eyed the boy suspiciously before smiling in a small manner, "Please, just call me Bruce. No need to get formal or anything."
"I saw you disappear and I fret that something must've been wrong. I'm afraid I'm right," he muttered softly at the girl. "What troubles you sister? Was it something I said?"
Ned hears the news about his good friend Michelle.
"You're never going to give that up, are you, sugar?"
"Please, J.A.R.V.I.S, call me Peter." he smiled to the voice.
Shaking his head, Peter sat his clean clothes on the sink counter. Stripping of his clothes, he tried not to look in the mirror at the hideous sight that was himself. Pulling back the shower door, he stepped in and closed the door behind him, sighing as the hot water ran down his sore body, soothing the ache in his bones.
"Sp-Spider-Man, sir." Peter stuttered.
"Tony, don't talk with food in your mouth." Rogers scolded with his fork.
"Think what you think," a voice spoke, startling Mr Stark enough for him to drop the tool. Clanking on the cool, concrete floor, the billionaire turned to find Bruce Banner leaning up against the door frame, hot cocoa in both hands. Currently, he was wearing an over sized dark purple sweater and baggy sweatpants.
The two stayed like that for a while -- that is until Natasha's phone rang. Pulling away, Natasha pulled out her phone from her pocket. Looking at the caller ID, Natasha sighed heavily, knowing that she would
Natasha noticed that Peter's monitors started to calm down as the teen began to gain control of his oxygen intake. Closing her eyes, Natasha breathed in her self. "Just like that." she encouraged.
"For what, baby boy?" he asked quietly, which was
"N-Never!" he replied, his voice coming out a bit louder than attended to. This only made Nat laugh harder. "Why are you laughing at me?" the small boy asked softly, his face becoming a flaming scarlet.
"You're the one who's having a panic attack." Clint nearly laughed, though it wasn't the best time to laugh.
"Huh?"
"I --" Peter gasped, coughing up a small amount of blood into his hand. "B-Ben -- mem--ries!" he choked out, tears streaming down his face as a panic attack tried to set in.
"Actually," Loki breathed, "it was to an extent."
The young boy didn't calm down though. Tony saw this too. Going against all the things his brain was telling him, he slowly wrapped his hand around Peter's fragile body. At first, the younger froze from the sudden contact, but slowly he relaxed. More tears fell down his body as he leaned into Stark.
Expecting two teenage boys, Loki's curiosity and bad feeling came over her as she found only
[Agreed.]
Ned didn't answer.
The woman sneered. "I said you can't go in there. That is for men only. You are
ii - I do apologize for the language in this book. Fair warning; there will probably be more of the sorts in upcoming chapters. Just a head's up.
"Well, if it isn't Penis Parker." a new voice, once more, taunted. Stopping in his tracks, Peter swallowed dryly. Ned's excitement vanished from sight as he and Michelle glanced at each other.
Where the
"I'm good, you?" Parker questioned back, enjoying the small talk.
With that, the auburn haired girl dipped her head with a small smile on her face, signalling that the doctor could continue. Nodding his head, Bruce slowly began to lift the shirt off of the comatose teen. Clint's eyes landed upon his torn up binder. "Jesus, and he wears that everyday?" he questioned towards Natasha.
But Peter couldn't answer, his vision was fading and the voices that were once so close became farther and farther away. "Peter? Peter?" once again, no reply. "Damn it." she cursed, looking over her shoulder.
He was about to move, but that
"That's not going to happen. Not on my watch." Natasha spoke solemnly, ignoring the way Deadpool's face lit up with pure joy at the so-called 'reference'.
"Then don't. But if you don't, and the kid can't get proper help, everything is going to spiral out of control." Sam spoke, his voice firm. He knows what he's talking about too. He's seen it happen with his very own eyes.
"But," Death spoke, "If you choose to travel towards Helheim, you will be greeted with eternal peace. If you choose Helheim, Hel will take you there herself, seeing she is the ruler of that realm. While if you choose Valhalla, I will take you to the gates, but I could not enter, seeing I am not deemed worthy enough for battle." she spoke sadly towards the end. Hel gave the woman a sad smile, sharing the unknown feeling.
Wondering down the halls, Peter finally landed in front of Natasha's door. Knocking exactly three times, Peter waited for a reply. "Come in, Peter!" the young boy heard a faint voice reply from the other side of the wooden entry. Opening the door careful, acting like it would break if he was to harsh with it, Parker stepped inside and cracked the door behind him.
