He stated at him for a few seconds. "Fine," he agreed as flames started to engulf the base, which signaled that they did not have time to fight. They had to get the hell out of this place.
He looked at her strangely. "This movie just came out. How did you see it already?" he asked. "But we can always see another movie if you like."
The blond stepped toward Toni, her eyes drilling into her; however, when Pepper spoke, her voice was soft. "Please, Toni, come back with me. I can't take this. If anything happens to you, I don't think I could handle it. Do you know hard these past few weeks were for me? Hard. I thought I was never going to see you again, and I had to keep it all inside. No one to talk to because no one else could know you were gone." Tears started to form in her eyes. "I had no one."
He had attacked the man with so much anger that it surprised the asset. He had never felt so much fury inside of him before, as he was never emotional about his kills. His kills were cold, never thinking or spending more time than needed with the victim; however, this time, it was different. This kill was different, and even after the man had bleed out, the Asset couldn't stop his attack. He knew spending too much time with the body would get his caught, which his handlers wouldn't like as well, but he couldn't stop. His anger just came flooding out of him, as he kept seeing the man trying to touch what his, and he didn't like it. He didn't like it all.
His mind wandered back to that cold dark night when he found her; he thought she was going to die from her injures. Even then when he didn't know who she was, he hated seeing her like that; his heart ached from the sight. He wanted to save her from that pain, but he couldn't. He knew he couldn't and he knew he couldn't stop his own pain either.
Steve's narrowed his eyes before looking back up at Fury. His eyes were cold, harsh. "Who else knows about your wife?"
She took a deep breath as she forced those assholes out of her mind. She had other things to worry about like Rogers…Steve. It was so weird to refer to him by his first name and she still hadn't gotten used to it yet. There was a part of her that wanted to keep calling him Rogers, but she had seen the way he smiled when she called him by his name. If she was going to try and befriend him like Barnes wanted, she would call him Steve….It was still weird.
Toni glanced him before crossing to one of the bio beds in the lab and popped herself onto it. She didn't have time to play this game with him. She had to get out of the tower before Rogers knew she was here, though she knew that was unlikely. "Bruce, can you to look this over? It seems to be fading," she replied, as she started to unbutton her blouse. "I don't trust myself at the moment." Her tone was betraying how tired she was.
When Maria had dead, Toni could see the sudden change, and it hit her hard. Before her mother died, Howard, though distance, had let her in the lab at least, but after, he wouldn't let her in at all. He became a total asshole, or rather a bigger asshole than before. It almost broke her before she realized that she didn't need him or his love. She could and would make it on her own, because she was strong and she wasn't the weak girl her father thought she was. She was going to show everyone that she was someone. She wouldn't let anyone think she was worthless. She was Toni Stark.
Toni was barely listening to them as she played with the ID tags, which was now warm to the touch. Since taking the tags out of the box and putting them on, a second barely passed without her touching them. Even though she only had them for a few short hours, these tags already meant something to her. It felt like she keeping them close by wearing the tags. She knew she had gotten close to the both of them, but she didn't realize how close she was until Barnes' death and Steve's disappearance.
"Just leave me alone and go bother Agent Carter. You made your choice, and I have to say, Sassy Pants has that sexy Librarian voice that everyone craves so I completely understand your choice."
Howard sighed as he picked up one of the rifles on the table to examine it. "Rogers?" he asked, not looking at her.
"I know you aren't." Steve tried not to take it personally, but it was hard. "And JARVIS didn't give me much of a choice. He hijacked the jet. He's protective, which I count as a plus. Glad to have someone to keep an eye on you."
Maybe, this was a mistake. Maybe, all of this was a mistake. She knew she shouldn't have got too attached and put too much weight on his shoulders. She knew she leaned on him too much, knew she expected too much. Knew that she was making putting too much on him, but she just wanted him. Just wanted something more… Damn it, why was she so selfish? Why couldn't she be strong enough on her own? Why was she so weak? Why—
Toni slowly looked up at the ceiling, thinking about JARVIS. Though the AI wasn't human, he-yes, he- had always kept a close eye on her, making sure she was well. Even now, Toni could tell JARVIS was looking out for her, even if it was just his programing. "You'll be fine," she said, not worried. It was a low risk with JARVIS' watchful eye, though Toni really wasn't worried about her death. Her death didn't scare her, as she would probably welcome it.
The CEO gave her a look before she made her way to the door. "If you excuse me, I have a company to run," she said.
She shuddered just thinking about it. "First of all, there's no way in hell that Thor will ever let you out of that cell. Two, I'm stuck in the past, and three, there's no way in hell that I would even consider sleeping with you, asshole. You are not worthy of this body."
Toni shook her head as she tried to focus on her device so she wouldn't be shocked again.T She had lost count of the number of times she had been shocked. A part of her blamed her father, since he was the one who added a low resolution interface; however, she knew it would give her better control of the time that she would end up in.
Salty stood and uncuffed her from the table; however, her hands were still cuffed together. He then pulled her up by her arm and dragged her out of the room roughly. She was winked in pain as he pulled her to the door a few feet down from the room they exited. He pulled the door open and pushed her in. He didn't close it. "Everyone out, now," he ordered.
The Captain's fingers danced along the side of her arm. "Just pieces now," he said softly, holding her close. She was small in his arms, almost hidden behind his shield. He was looking around again, watching someone. "Get everything you see bagged," he ordered. "Quickly."
To Toni's joy (she really didn't want to hurt Peggy), Peggy was able to dodge; however, Toni kept focused. Using this opening, Toni lifted her leg in the attempt to kick the gun out of Peggy's hand, and though she missed and hit Peggy's wrist, the gun still dropped from her hand. As soon as she heard the gun hit the floor, Toni launched herself at Peggy knowing damn sure that she wasn't a match for Agent Carter, but she had to try.
Toni looked up and narrowed her eyes, as she knew they weren't alone. She watched as Peggy, Erskine, and to her annoyance, Howard, walked pass the Colonel to the door. They each gave him a look as they walked out of the room. Not even a second later, Phillips closed the door. "There. Now we're alone." Though she was not looking at him, she could feel his stare on her. "Speak."
The man gave her a once over, studying the expression on her face. "You don't seem like a running type ether."
She shook her head as she entered the building. "You better tell him." She wanted to say 'or else I would', but she didn't want to pull that card. Plus, it wasn't her job to do so. It was someone else's because she wasn't supposed to be here in the first place.
awful thoughts out of her head and keep a level mind. "Settle down," she told herself, as she took in the room, scanning every itch. Relief rushing through her, Toni didn't have to look to far Steve, spotting the man in front of the stove. With pan in his hand, he was cooking and…dancing? Wait, what? The Famous Steve Rogers was shaking his hips like a dancer, as he sung to himself. While at the same time, he flipped pancakes. There was an ecstatic, silly grin on his face, and it remained, even after he flipped a cake too high and it landed on the ground. Toni couldn't help but smile, as Steve carried without missing a beat. With an energy that could lighten up the room, Toni couldn't take her eyes off Steve, especially in those boxer briefs. Tight briefs, which left nothing to the imagination.
thing he wanted. The Only thing. There was nothing else. Yes, he was nothing and deserved nothing, but couldn't he have one thing? Why couldn't he have her? Just her? He wanted only her.
Taking a deep breath, Rhodes shook his head. "I know what you're doing, Toni, and it won't work," he said with a heavy sigh.
"Fine," she said, annoyed; however, she couldn't keep her mind off Peggy and whether she should tell them were Steve was located. Maybe, he would want her to…Toni didn't know if he would, but her guilt was getting the best of her, and she wondered when she would snap. It would only be a matter of time before she did.
"I just wanted to make sure no one else would bother you," Peggy answered as she crossed to her cot. She sat as well, but she kept her glance away from Toni.
Steve's mind was breaking. How could Trip ask Toni? She wasn't here, because Steve was an idiot and pushed her away. Why did he always have to push her buttons?
There it was again. Was that her name? She thought it was, but now, she wasn't sure. Why would that be her name? It wasn't a very girly name nor was it pretty…Wait, was she a girl? She could've been a boy, though Toni was not a very good boy's name either. Seriously, who named her? Why would they name her that? It was an ugly name. Could she-
"Yes, you are. You're a Stark, and I can see it. There's a fire in your eyes that no one can deny," he replied.
The man stared at Toni for a few more second before he turned and walked. Just walked away without saying a fucken word. She knew he must've heard her. She knew it. "Wait!" Toni yelled, as she walked after him. He turned slightly, giving Toni another look, before he took off. Toni's heart thudded rapidly at the slight of this man running from her. Why was he running from her? Was this a trap? Why not stay and explain who he was? She couldn't understand, but she couldn't allow him to leave without her seeing his face. She
Bruce watched as Steve took another drink. "You saved them single handily. I know about that," he stated. "Everyone knows that. So what?"
Howard's groaned as his hands dropped from her shoulder. "I think I prefer you hating me; then at least, my daughter wouldn't be joking about my sex life," he replied with a scrunched nose.
Both the Soldier and Toni were surprised, but that didn't stop him as the soldier shoved her out of the way. She landed on her ass had, but that wasn't going to stop her. Getting back on her feet, she went to tackle him but she was grabbed from behind. "Not so fast," she yelled as she threw her head back, nailing the other soldier in the face. Ignoring her daze, she picked up her right leg, and as hard as she could, she kicked him in the shin. He dropped her, and before he could get his baring, she spun and kicked him in gut, sending him to the ground.
She connected the scanner to the lock and allowed a few seconds to go by before she pulled put out her lock picking kit. She struggled at first to expose the inside of the lock, but once she was able to expose it, she was able to pick it with no trouble. Using all of her strength, she pushed open the heavy metal door. She plucked the scanner from the lock and allowed the door to shut behind her. It locked automatically, sealing her in. She glanced back realizing that she wouldn't be able to get out that way. It appeared to be a one way door that could only be unlooked by the outside. "Interesting," she muttered. It was a smart idea if she thought about it. It gave burglars a false hope.
Steve walks over to him slowly. "How are you? I feel like I haven't see you in ages?" he asks as he sets the plate down.
"I'm afraid I don't understand." She was scared of him and it showed but she forced a smile onto her face. She took a step back to put some distance between them. She had something in her hand and she held it tight.
She watched the glowing man for a split second as she flung the burning Iron Man blaster to the side. Her palm stuck for a second as she stared at Savin. Finally not seeing any movement from the man, she let out the breath she was holding. With a renewal energy, Toni kicked as hard as she could, trying to create some wiggle room. Pain shoot up her body, between the tingling of her 'sleeping' legs and rubble digging into her. She could feel the blood start to return to her legs, and they felt like jello, but she wasn't going to stop.
After a long kiss, he pulled away, but he didn't move far; instead, he rested his forehead against hers. "Don't leave. I need you," he said after a few seconds. He kissed her again, and with this kiss, he wanted to explore.
"Remind me to slap that gene out of your father before you're born," the Colonel said, with a smile.
It took her eyes a few painfully long seconds to adjust to the excruciatingly bright light, which seemed to get brighter as the time went by. The genius wished someone would turn the lights down, but she knew that wouldn't happen. The people who had her would do whatever it took to wear her down and take what they wanted. Toni wished she knew what they wanted, because this getting kidnap was getting old fast, especially when she had no idea of why they were kidnapping her.
Really that smile of his was not fair. He shouldn't have that kind of power over her. Fighting the urge to hug him, she narrowed her eyes at him. She remembered she should be angry at him, because she thought she had seen a dead man walking. "I see you're back."
According to the letter, Howard always carried the second photo with him, but so it had to be here. Maybe, it was in the bigger envelope; however, the only thing in that envelope was the journal that she had kept in the past. At first, she was ready to toss it, because it was a bad remainder of the past that she wanted to forget. However, just as she was about to toss it, she noticed her father's notes. Quickly flipping through the pages, she noticed he had written something on each page. Only scanning the notes, she could tell that they ranged from suggestions on her tech to little stories that he wanted her to know. Again, Toni found herself struggling to breathe. "Geez, Father. Still putting me to shame," she said, scanning over a note.
No one responds as one of the droids crashes into a building, misdirected by one of War Machine's attacks. There's cursing over the comm by the team, a clear sign to how bad the situation has gotten. Using the views from a few different cameras around the city, Tony is able to scan the area to learn that there're people in the building, and he knows there's no one close enough besides him. Hearing the screams and the cries over the comm, Tony jumps into action. It's up to him, and he won't let them down.
Finishing the cup, the genius turned, but before she could completely turned away, the shadow in the corner shifted. Again, she didn't pay much attention to it as shadows did in fact shift depending on the light. It wasn't abnormal; however, it shifted
Natasha gave him a look, as if that was an answer to his statement, and took a step toward Toni. "I have seen those shoulders before," she said, eyeing Toni, who hadn't moved.
Natasha places a supportive hand on his knee. "You said that out loud, Knuckle Head." There's fondness in her voice that he doesn't hear often from her.
"Geez, what can I do to get you to like me," he teased, as he opened the door with little trouble even with his arms full.
"Of you? You can't even touch me without phasing right through me," she replied. She may have been scared of Skully, but with her new found information, she knew she was safe for now. Loki wanted her alive for something, though that was a scary though.
Every part of his body was telling him not to promise that. His very breath was taken away from him at the very thought of not seeing her again, and it made his heart ache. However, he knew Dugan was right. He had to stay away from her, because if he didn't, he could change the whole time line, though he wasn't sure how much of the time line would be different since she messed it up in the first place. "I promise."
"Yes." Maya replied, her eyes dropping to Toni's chest. She finally noticed the dog tags hanging from her neck, and after staring for a few long seconds, her curiosity was getting the better of her.
As she was focused on Rogers, she didn't notice the hand reappearing on her knee, until she felt the pressure, and it surprised her, causing her to finch noticeably.
All that Toni could recall was pure and complete darkness, and for a while, she thought she was dead. She thought the Arch reactor had stopped and she had gone to hell. She expected nothing else, as she was the reason why so many people were suffering. She deserved this punishment. She deserved to suffer for the pain that she had caused.
"Do you think you can hide from me? That you can escape me? That you can escape your bloody past? Not even out here are you safe from me."
If Natasha was uncomfortable at the scene in front of her, she didn't show it, though she wasn't exactly looking at them. Standing sideways, she was staring at the elevator with an intense look. "Stop making out and get your asses upstairs before they kill each other."
Shaking her head, she turned toward the center of the base and stared at the brick buildings. Her mind was all over the place and it kept firing and wandering. It jumped from shame to utter sadness that almost took her over, and she didn't know how to handle that. Her mind also went to Loki and his plan as it was a way to distract her from the pain.
Toni took a large step back, though there wasn't anywhere she could go with her desk digging into her back. "If I want to create more super soldiers, I can," she said, giving him a smile. "Well…with Rogers' help, if you know what I mean." She winked at him, without realizing she was doing it. She hadn't no clue why her hand went to her stomach or why she even brought up, considering having children was the last thing on her mind. Her going crazy was the first thing on her mind. She must be sane before she could think about anything else—not that snort nose monsters were ever on her mind.
Banner looked slightly taken back by Steve's tone, but he didn't let it affect me. "No, it..it's alright. I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn't handle pointy things."
Fury glanced between the Soldier and the Engineer. "Well you and Soldier Boy are on all the gossips sites, Stark. It's kind of hard to miss."
"I just wished that I…" Toni drifted off as she closed her eyes. She was quiet for an ungodly amount of time, and she was so stiff in his arms. "And you love this hot mess?"
"Just admit it, you like dressing me," Toni uttered as she stared into Steve's warm blue eyes. "Because if this becomes habit, there're a few things I got to tell you. A few do and don'ts of dressing me."
However, not knowing where Toni was was so much worse. Sure, Pepper had an understanding of where Toni was, but that the limit of it. SHIELD and the Avengers told her very little, which didn't included how they were going to get her back, if they were going to get her back. They also didn't say what the hell happened to her. They told her barely anything, besides the fact they needed access to the Mark 7. At first, Pepper was against it, not liking that plan; however, after a long talk with Rhodes, she gave in, but she felt like she had betrayed Toni by allowing it.
To be honest, it was weird to see him like this, and she didn't know how to act around him. She was able to see he wasn't a total asshole that was if she put her anger aside for a second. Though his ego was the most annoying thing on the planet, he was relatedly nice to the people around him and, for the most part, he was approachable. However, that did not mean she would change her outlook of him.
, and that changed things. She also felt like crap, which put her on edge. If genius had been well rested and didn't feel like she had been hit by a bus, her nerves wouldn't feel like they were on fire. If she had been well rested, she would've felt like the kick ass woman that she was, which would've overcame any nerves. Also, this was the worst possible time for a crazy fan, not when she had to save the world.
"I will always say that," she countered, irritated. Her head ached as more memories flashed before her eyes, but she wouldn't let it get to her as she had to deal with Loki, who was up to something. How did he know that Skully was after her? Was he up to something, using Skully to do it? She glared at him as he entered her personal bubble. "Now what?" she asked, noticing his eyes on her.
"He won't be able to do that," Phillips said as he stared at the glow coming through the nurse outfit. He almost did a doubt take as the glow seemed different, almost lighter. He hoped the battery wasn't dying on it. "It could kill her." Though he couldn't be sure that she was telling the truth, he didn't want to risk her death.
Toni looked around at Howard Stark's lab away from home. For being a make shift lab in a middle of a military base, it was pretty decent, and she was impressed by that; however, she should've expected this. Her father only liked working with the best and the top of the line items, and he refused to work with anything less. In those regards, he was pretty much like her, but he was a bigger asshole than she. She, at least, could carry on a conversion unlike him.
Toni took a deep breath. "Maybe, it isn't right, yet? Maybe, God has a plan for you." That statement felt weird on her tongue. She didn't really believe in God, but she knew Steve was a firm believer in God. He found peace in God's name, while she found annoyance. If there was a God, how could he allow so much pain in the world? If there was a God, he must be a heartless God with no care to what happened, and he must really hate her… Not that she blamed him. So many deaths were on her head.
Toni smiled. "I try." Though she did not like it, she was a lot like her good for nothing father. No, she did
"That he would be." Toni could admit that she would be getting the same face from Barnes. And when she wasn't being stupid, she could admit that Barnes was the only one responsible for his actions. Well, not really. She could blame Hydra. However, in her darkest moment, she couldn't see that. "And he wouldn't be quiet about it."
She buried herself in his arms, in his dirty uniform that he hadn't changed out of, and wrapped her arms tightly around his chest. As he wrapped her his arms around her and held her, she nestled her head under his chin at his shoulder. Toni closed her eyes as she tried to hold back her tears. He didn't know the truth, which was why he could say that. He didn't know that she knew, that she could've saved Barnes if she just told them the truth… She knew she couldn't have, but it didn't help her guilt or her broken heart, which shocked her. "I'm completely shitty." Her throat still ached.
"Trust me, that isn't how," she snapped. "Just tell me where you want to do this, and I'll meet you there." She said as she turned to the door. She needed to get out as she was ready to snap at the next person who tried to tell her what to do. Her temper was getting the better of her, and her exhaustion was making it all worst.
Pepper Potts was the rational one, always thinking clearly and logically. She wasn't the one to overthink or freak out, except when it came to a certain brunette. Toni could always drive the sane CEO up the wall, and most of the time, she only had to look at the Pepper to do that. Pepper didn't know what it was woman that did it. Maybe, it was the look in Toni's eyes or the fact that the brunette was always up to something. Always.
Steve forced a smile to his face. "I'll always be glad to see an old friend," he replied, weakly. He just wished he could see Toni again. He needed to see her again. "And who is this?" he asked the young man, after giving each of the Commandos a hand shake and a hug.
"…There's not enough time. This thing's moving too fast and it's heading for New York," he said. There was a bit of hesitation in his voice. "I gotta put her in the water."
"NO!" she denied. Wait, is he looking at my chest? She though, annoyed. "Hey, buddy, my eyes are up here," she said, trying to point at her face. Sure, she didn't mind when men looked at her chest, but that was only when she allowed it. She didn't care for it here.
He leaned on Toni slightly to her annoyance and put his arm around her. "And I didn't even have to pay you?"
Pepper's eyes widened, because she couldn't believe that she forgot to ask. Of course, JARVIS would know where Toni was. "JARVIS, do you know where Toni is?"
She didn't want to hear about those two, not when she was shattered. Her heart wasn't able to take it. "I don't like hospitals."
Recovering quickly, the Commander was too fast for Toni, as she grabbed Toni by the neck and threw her hard against the tables, knocking both the guns and the genius to the floor. As the commander approached, the stalker did so as well. "Commander, we need her alive," he warned as his knife in his hand dangled dangerously.
Tony wants to ignore her and does try, but Wanda's staring at him, intensely. She can gave Barnes a run for his money, which is something. She isn't looking a way as her eyes are glued on him, and no one else dares to speak. "Tell them what?" he utters, looking away.
"What do you mean my 'condition'?" she asked, confused as to what he was talking about. She didn't have a condition, well… besides the shrapnel in her body; however, that didn't affect her drinking ability.
Taking a deep breath, she took a single step away from the door and looked around the room. She looked down at the phone-turned-scanner and brought up the feed for the room. Without much effort, she put the video on a loop, so no one would know she was there. Putting the phone in her pocket, she crossed to a desk on the other side of the room. "There you are," she said, as she spotted her device. To her frustration and annoyance, her father had broken down her device, but she would be able to put it back together with no problem.
However, he was unable to do that. Just as the Beefy Blonde came down to block the fireball from hitting her (an action that he would kill everyone for), his handlers came up behind him, hidden by his distraction. With mere strength, they couldn't take him down, not even with his mind in a fog, but they didn't come only with their fists. They came at him with everything, which included a range of drugs and shock weapons, and the Asset could do nothing but submit. He was powerless to do anything as they attacked him.
He felt his heart in his palm as he leaned closer to Toni. His hands went to her hips as he stared at Toni, who was eyeing him. Her eyes were burning into him as his hands went to her undergarment. Not to his surprise, her boxers were wet. Fighting back his groan, he kept eye contract with her as he curled his fingers under the straps. Her eyes drilled into him as he slid the boxers under her ass. He lifted her up gently as he pulled it down and off. Without looking, he tossed the boxers away.
Nothing that Jones said was clicking with Toni as she was focused on her father, who she was dying to see. She couldn't forget how soft and caring he was to her, when she needed it the most. "Where's my father?" she asked, unable to keep it in.
That wasn't what Toni thought he wanted to talk about, but she wasn't surprise by the question. As she had not seen or spoke to him recently, she could understand why he was asking. "I have a few bugs to work out, but it's going in the right direction. Still need a power source." Unfortunately, she had no idea of what she could use.
Tony ignores the twitch in his eyes as everyone already thinks this is his fault. It feels so fucken great. "Really? The team thinks we were dating?!"
Madame Hydra stepped toward Steve and said, "She knew they would pick you for the Super Soldier Project before you were picked."
Yes, that was true, but it struck her to hear it from him. However, it made sense. She had wondered why he was nice so unexpectedly, and as she thought about it, she started to get pissed. If she ever saw him again, she was going to punch his lights out. He didn't care about her. All that flirting and comfort was a fucken lie. All of those hugs and smiles were a way to trick her.
"Touché," she replied, watching him eye her device. The Genius wasn't sure what was going through her father's mind as he stared at it; however, she knew what was going through her mind. The more time she spent with her father, the more she realized how alike they were, which both pissed and gladdened her. She enjoyed that there was something that she shared with her father, but it also pissed her off. She refused to be like him, though she wondered if she was fighting a losing battle. She probably was and it made her bitter, thinking back at her childhood and it was painful to think that this man – would become something dark and unrecognizable, someone who didn't care for her and someone she had been glad had died but now wasn't so sure of it.
Toni felt her heart skip a beat, as her whole world fell on her. Sure, she knew she shouldn't have expected things to be different, but she couldn't help it. She expected her father to have listened, she expected him to be alive, but she knew she was stupid for thinking he could be alive. She was stupid for getting her hopes up, especially when she let him die. She could have warned sooner, but she didn't. "It's fine," she replied. "Just need to get back to my tower."
"Initial signature is unusual. Alpha beta remain neutral," Howard stated, talking to no one in general. There, however, were a few techs next to her father, taking notes and watching. He stood in front of a glass window, experimenting with one of the cores. "I doubt Rogers picked up on that. He-"
"Hey, Hey," he said, softly. "That wasn't him. He would never say those things. Never. Even with someone he hated, he would never."
Tony lets out a harsh sigh, as he's in too much pain to deal with an overprotective AI. "Sleep is for the weak," he smiles with a fake cheer. His arm and leg are killing him. Sure, thanks to the nano, he's healing faster than normally possible, but it doesn't help with the pain. Without the good pills, he can almost feel his bones heal, and it's excruciating to say the least. Plus, his foot is in a walking boot, and his arm is in a hard, black brace, which makes it difficult to do anything. He just wants to rip them off, but his damn AI threatens to tattle every time he looks at them funny. Stupid AI. Stupid overprotective AI, who won't stop talking to Vision. Vision, who keeps giving taps.
He closed the distance even more, moving within inches from her. It was kissing distance, but he didn't say or do anything besides looking into her eyes.
On her hands and knees and unable to get up, Toni forced herself to take a few deep breaths as she closed her eyes, trying to slow her heart. For a few long seconds, she just kneed there, taking in the night sky. The cold, bitter air hit her like a ton of bricks, but it was refreshing at the same time. With the pitch blackness of a panic attack upon her—not that she would admit to them-, Toni counted it as a blessing. "Oh God, not again."
Her eye twitched. He was really sounding like the future Rogers. "Coming, Rogers," she responded, ignoring the twitch in his eyes at the sound of his last name.
"Y-Yes," he groans as he tries to look away. He doesn't understand why it has to be so blinding. It's like looking at the sun, and he wants nothing more than to knock it away, but his body doesn't want to respond. "K-killing m-me."
There was something in his voice that touched her, and she couldn't be mad or upset at him, but she was still annoyed. "You wouldn't even know what it is if I told you." She turned back to the cot and picked the gun up. "I don't need you to protect me."
At first, Toni wasn't sure he was speaking English, because that didn't make any sense. But once it clicked in her head, she was in complete shock. That couldn't have been true. She couldn't be pregnant, not with all the precautions she took. "Am not," she protested. What the hell was going on?
Steve gives her another look before he leans toward his genius, lacing his fingers into Tony's. "Watch it," he says.
"Or maybe, not," she said, stepping to Phillips. Toni wasn't interested in Peggy and Phillips' conversion, but she wanted some space between her and her father. Her emotions were all over the place and she didn't want him to see the battle going on in her mind, though she doubted that anyone was buying that she was sane at the moment.
Toni leaned in to Steve, resting her head on his shoulder. She didn't say anything at first, as she listened to the narrator. Listening to the story, she couldn't look away. The two best friends had such large smiles as they teased the others. It was clear that they both had heart of golds. "Thanks for being me here. It helped," she said.
Tony isn't exactly sure what he's feeling for his Brooklyn Twins—Okay, maybe he does, but he hesitates in calling it love. Though he will never admit it aloud, this feeling, which he has spent years hiding from, scares the shit out of him. He'd been taught since childhood that love is for the weak and if you allow yourself to love or be loved, you are allowing yourself to be controlled. And that stuck with Tony for years with his father enforced that ideal daily. From there, fear grew inside of Tony, creating a wall that most ran screaming from, and hatred grew. He detested the idea of someone having any type of control over him, no matter the level. He would and still will rebel at every turn.
years ago, and even if he hadn't died during the war, he would be over 90 years. The man in the park, if there really was a man, was nowhere near 90, so even if Barnes was alive, it couldn't be him. See? It just couldn't be. It wasn't possible…but then, there was Steve, who was in his 90's. He broke all logic, but that was different. Steve was a Super Soldier frozen in ice, and Bucky was
Toni knew that smile from anywhere: Captain America had a plan. He had a real plan. She should have figured that Steve had a plan as he always had a plan. That was why they had so many fights in the future, because her first and only plan had always been attack, which he hated. And she always hated his plans, which always seemed to take too long, but right now, she was in love with his plans.
"Tell me what I did… or what my company did." He was clearly annoyed. "We don't have time for your hatred."
Toni had thought about telling him the truth and she was going to tell him if she was caught, but now, she wasn't sure. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath.
Steve glanced toward the clock, wishing she was as well, but knowing Toni, she probably wasn't. Even if he hated himself for it, he kind of hoped she was, so he could see her face. He loved coming back to the tower and having someone waiting for him. He loved the look in her eyes when she saw him. He felt at home. "I hope so," he said, slowly.
Remembering an earlier conversion he had with Toni, Phillips knew she wouldn't allow them to use it as a weapon. "If she's telling the truth, she won't allow it. She states she doesn't and won't make weapons."
Toni smiled as she stepped to the Iron Man Suit. "So where is my welcome home party?" she asked, staring at the bright red armor. Her eyes followed the sharp lines, as her mind started to flip on her. Was she kidding herself? "So where is my party?" What was wrong with her? Why was she thinking this way? Why did she keep doing this to herself? Why was she so self-destructive? Did she do this to herself on purpose? Did she deserve this? Did she deserve anything?
The Colonel stood up and crossed to the window. Unlike the last time they talked, they were in a small office that had a window facing the outside. "In order to keep an eye on you, I need you close and this is how I'm going to do so." He turned back to her with a smile. "It means you have to listen to me."
Toni's heart was still racing when the elevator reached the penthouse level, and it took everything she had to step out into the hall. She could see the door to the lounge, and she could hear Rhodey's raised voice, but she couldn't find it in her to move. Hearing them fight over her did nothing to calm her nerves.
However, Pepper didn't care how insane she sounded or looked as she called ahead to have the Stark Private Jet ready for take-off in a few minutes. The CEO wanted to be in New York as soon as possible. To settle her nerves, she needed to see Toni for herself and make sure she was okay. If she was, Pepper was going to wring her neck for making her worry, as she had aged by ten years because of that woman. She wouldn't be surprised if there were gray hairs growing already.
Toni knew Maya knew she was lying, but she wasn't going to admit anything. She was a Stark after all, and they didn't admit anything, not without five lawyers. "I can't help you, and I won't help you. You used to have a moral psychology. You used to have ideals. You wanted to help people, but look at you now." An image of Steve popped into her head, and she couldn't get him out, not that she wanted to. But she knew what he would say. "I get to wake up every morning with someone who…still has his soul." Steve was her rock and soul.
The Asset would do it in less. He would do whatever it took to get back to his Brunette. He would burn the world if he had to. He ignored the feeling in his pit of stomach at the thought of killing Captain America, but he pushed it away as fast as it formed. It was ghost that he would rid himself of. All he needed was the mission and he would do it.
Okay, this conversion was getting weirder and weirder with each passing second, and Toni was counting the seconds before she could put this man in her rearview mirror. She couldn't only take so much crazy, and Hawkeye had put her over the limit days ago.
"I can tell you in the morning. Why don't you get some sleep?" he asked, redirecting back the conversion about sleep. It was clear to anyone that Toni hadn't slept in some time. Heavy bags had formed under her eyes and she looked pale.
Someone was sitting on her chest, squeezing the life out of her. "I w-wouldn't. I d-didn't. Not you." There was a reason why she wore his dog tag round her neck. She cared for this man more than he would ever know. He didn't know how much it killed her to let him die. He didn't know how much she wished she could've changed it.
The Super Soldier gave the genius a look before tightening his hold on her. "I'm a super Soldier. Why would I be ticklish? That seems like something stupid. A flaw, ready. Imagine being tickled in a battle."
Steve glanced back her, shocked. Did she really find Thor that attractive? What did that being (Steve would not call him a god) have that he did not? Was it the hair? The muscles? Steve didn't have time to ponder that, as Toni put her helmet on and proceeded to jump out of the craft without any thought. She didn't stop to come up with a plan, stating she didn't need one. She frustrated him to no end, but this was the woman that he fell for, and he didn't regret it. However, he just wished she listened to him at times, but something told him that that would never happen.
The Super Soldier's heart was beating rapidly as Bruce spoke. "I need air," he replied loudly. His fists were still at his side as he stepped quickly out of the room. His departure was swift, wanting to get out of the room before anyone could say another word to him.
. It was unnerving to say the least, and this was Toni talking. Natasha, on the other hand, was showing all kind of emotions—though in her own way. That woman wasn't thrown off her game often.
"Toni," Rogers called, banging on the door again. Judging from his voice, he was out of breath and was sitting as well.
However, the ring choice wasn't what kept in her here, trapped in her head. Sure, it was part of the reason, causing her to overthink. He had asked her to
Barnes took a step toward her. "Nowhere is safe if you can't defend yourself, and I want to help you with that."
"Men," she spouted as she walked away. She didn't see his smile but she knew he was smiling. This was the first conversation that they had together since the diner. Though she wouldn't admit it, she had been avoiding him as she was waiting for him to yell at her. Taking a deep breath, she took a seat on the couch. The tools that she had brought were hidden in a bag under the table, which the guys hadn't noticed yet.
However, her silence didn't help, and in the end, she ended up alone in the tower—well, not completely. There were people in the lower levels, but they were nonexistence to her. They were just people in the distance, like the people on the streets. They were shadows as her mind got the better of her. Normally when she was like this, she went to her lab, but right now, she just needed to get away from it. She had been in her lab so often that things started to blend together, making feel worst. With so many suits, she couldn't make heads or tails of anything anymore, making countless mistakes.
"It's only a matter of time before something or someone that's stronger than Loki comes along. When that does, we'll need all of the Avengers." Fury took a deep breath. "It's for the best."
With her mind still trying to wrap itself around what happened, it took Toni a few seconds to realize that she wasn't hit. You would think she would know that—being how painful gunshots were-, but she was having an out of body experience, though that could be from the head injury she suffered when Steve threw her to ground. The man didn't know his own strength at time, breaking random things like coffee cups. However, this was so much more than a bump on her head.
Steve glanced at her before stopping at the door; Natasha was right. He should let Toni in and give her time before he 'jumped' her, but he was too impatient. Usually, he could wait, but it had been too long since he held her. He just-
time she heard those words, her heart skipped a beat. With some magic powers, he made her speechless, which was amazing. Maybe, it was because she had never felt like this way with another person. Maybe, it was because she didn't feel that she deserved him. There were so many 'maybes' in her head that she didn't know what to say, overthinking everything. Even now, the words escaped her, not that she would be able to get any words out.
Toni glanced up at Steve, giving him a look. "Are you okay?" she asked, giving him her best raised eyebrow. "You're the one who clearly doesn't know where he is." She didn't mean for it to be snappy, but it came out as such, and she hated herself for it. Feeling guilty, she dropped her glance and stared at the back of Steve's shield secured to his left arm.
"No longer my favorite," Tony utters, teasing, as he leans toward Steve. "Don't wanna watch the horrible science!"
To be honest, it would be safer for the future if she stayed in the cell. She would do less damage in here than anywhere else.
"If you really want to." Rogers smiled lightly as he looked back. "What do you do?" he asked, changing the subject. "Are you a nurse?"
"She's stalling. How cute," she mocked. "She thinks someone's going to save her, like anyone would. You're an annoyance, who no one likes nor wants, not even the naïve Captain America wants you. How does that feel?" she asked. "And why would he? I bet half this camp would be happy that you're gone, and the only person who has ever actually cared is
Steve stepped from away from Toni, as he placed himself once more between her and the blast. He kept his shield in front him, keeping his chest shielded, as his eyes were focused on the man. "Not the time for gloating," he said.
Howard took a key out of his pocket and slid it to Toni, who scooped it up immediately. "Don't worry about it. Just know you'll be spending lots of time with me, which makes you the luckiest lady on the planet. Lots of women would love that chance."
"What happened to us?" he asked, thinking back to all of their times that they had spent just talking in his little apartment. Sure, all they did in this time was fight, but they were close in the past. They joked and teased the other, and there were times she had tried to hook him up. He lost track to how many times she had done that. "I l-"
Steve took a deep breath as he gave in and finally pulled her into his arms. "I won't let them do that," he said into her hair line, as he held her close. "I won't."
Before returning her arm to her sling, she turning the shirt inside out (so no one could see the symbol on the shirt), and pulled it over the dress. It was difficult but it was easier than putting on the pants. She just had to put it over her head and slide her arms through. She almost got stuck at one point, but it didn't take much strength to pull it down. After she was able to straighten her shirt, she put the sweater back over.
Both Natasha and Toni had warned him of fan girls and crazy admirers who would try to show him their 'love,' but he never thought he would have to worry about that, not thinking those people existed. He just gave them both looks, as Toni went off, talking about how she would love to see a fan try to get one over one Steve before she jumped. However, were there really some crazy people like that? Come on. What was wrong with people? With a deep breath, he closed the door behind him and took a few steps in.
"The big green guy will probably be safe as well." She mumbled on. "Not that I think they can piece that skin."
"Ew. Get a room!" Clint cried as he hid his eyes with the present. "Far from here, please." Natasha, on the other hand, picked up a pillow and threw it at them, aiming for their faces.
"Stark, I don't know what you call it, but when you disappear without a word, push them away and refuse to call anyone, people tend to think you don't want them anymore."
bearable if Steve was by her side—not that she want one now...Not now. But did she want one? "Well, they're going to be Baby Starks, not Baby Rogers," she said, finally finding her voice.
"Manners? Who needs manners?" she asked cutting him off, as she pushed the plate away. The plate had been licked cleaned, no really licked clean. Toni didn't normally lick plates but the look on Salty's face was priceless and she would do it again just to see it. He stared at her, rubbing his forehead in disbelief. "All gone."
"Don't you even think about it, Romanoff! Don't you dare!" Steve warns as he gives her a narrowing look, almost daring her. Before she can move, he quickly sits next to Tony, refusing to give up his spot next to Bucky and Tony. It always gives Tony a chuckle when someone tries to steal a seat next to him, because he loves the look on his boyfriends' faces when someone moves anywhere near him.
"A nuclear deterrent, cause that always calms everything right down," Toni said, jokingly. She was leaning against the lab table with her arms folded across her arms.
"Something is bugging me," she admitted as she crossed back to the control panel. It would be pointless to fight with him and she knew this.
"What do you have there?" Toni suppressed her flinch and slammed the journal shut in the hopes to hide her designs.
The genius has experienced a great deal of pain in his life, and this is nothing new to him. He has been tortured, shot, and beaten within an inch of death. He has experienced a broken heart on more than one occasion, and he knows what pure hatred feels like. He knows how it feels to have the world hate him, even when he's trying to protect it. He knows how it feels when he can't do anything right and how much it hurts to be looked at as a failure by his father no matter what did. He knows how it hurts to want a father's approval and not get it.
Toni thought. She remembered her father complaining about his failed hover car. "Unfortunately, I have to work," she lied. She had quit that job the day before as she no longer needed it. Barnes gave her a look as if he didn't believe her, but he never seemed to believe her. "You two should still go. It will be fun." There was also the fact that her father would be there and she had no interest in seeing him. "You two can probably find some hot dames there for the both of you," she said with a wink.
Toni couldn't let this happen. This shouldn't be happening. She couldn't let someone die because of her. Shaking her head, she went back to the device to check on the process. It was about halfway done or so. "Go, Bucky," she demanded as she turned back to him. "If the teams are pushed back, we won't be able to get out of here, but if you help and you guys are able to keep them busy, I can sneak out on my own. Trust me."
Steve took the folder. "Thanks," he said, adding nothing else. He didn't want or have any interest in talking to Fury about what was going on in his head; heck, he wasn't sure what was going on in his head. Everything was spinning and he couldn't make heads or tails of anything. However, a part of what Fury said did rang to him, because he
Her eye wandered to the sleeves of jacket and glared at the Corporal symbol. She didn't know how that was going to work, but it would be difficult as she wasn't one to listen without a fight, which was why she and Future Rogers didn't get along. He, like others, wanted her to listen without questions and that wasn't her. She had to ask questions; it was her nature.
Toni looked him. "Why are you looking for me?" She didn't want to talk about it, because no one understood.
Toni eyed the man's hand before she took it. She could feel her shoulder throb as he pulled her up without any warning. "Thanks," she muttered, flinching. Unlike before, there was very little chance that she could defend herself- not with her bad ankle, but she could feel her body relax slightly, noticing her Iron Man Suit heading toward her.
Rollins stepped back from the Asset, keeping his gun up. "We had to kill the Senator and make it look like it overdose to cover for the kill in the park."
Clint didn't answer right away. It felt like they had to pull the answer from him. "No, and I lost the trail. I'm still waiting on Agent 13 to see if she has anything, but—"
Toni shook her head, not wanting to explain what was going on in her brain. It was a crazy place in there and she had a difficult time understanding it herself. With a deep breath, she responded, "I don't know yet." She didn't know what Loki wanted, and she had to find out what. She didn't know what Madame Hydra was up to and she wanted to know what. However, they had to deal with Schmidt first, who Steve had followed onto the strange aircraft.
"Guys? This isn't funny," she asked, her throat still burned. The pain almost overtook her. She really needed another dose of medication. She pulled at the handcuffed, but it didn't do anything, and it was stupid to think it would. However, that really didn't stop her as she pulled harder.
Tony can hear voices as he makes his way to the kitchen. With a deep breath, he continues, knowing the team would tease him on sight. Barnes hadn't been the only one who had tried to get the genius out of the lab; the whole entire team (besides the Red Witch, Vision, and BirdMan Wilson) had tried to get Tony out of the lab, but each had failed. When Rogers came down, Tony had barely spoken a word, just eyeing him the whole entire time, but this is more of a reaction than most had gotten from him.
"I'm a star! The talk of the camp it seems." Toni puffed. "So everyone thinks that Steve and I are fonduing?" She laughed. "I told Steve everyone would think that. He didn't believe me."
"So how long do you expect to her to stay here?" Bucky asked with a weak smile on his face. "I do have to say: she's quite the looker."
Toni exhaled slowly as she enter the Colonel's tent, which looked like a stereotypical field office. A typewriter, which she mentally chuckled about, was in the corner of the tent, and in another corner, there were barrels of maps, or what looked like maps. There was a makeshift desk between them, and across from the desk, the Colonel, talking to a male officer, stood at a table that had a map laid out on top of it. Another male solder stood at the end of the table watching in silence as Salty spoke; each one of them were of a high rank. There were also 4 guards positioned outside the tent at the corners to make sure no one got in that was not welcome.
Her voice echoed in the darkness, leaving her to drown in her own voice. Though she could only hear herself, it was overwhelming, and she wanted- no, needed it to stop. She couldn't think or function as the echo got louder and louder. She tried to cover her ears, trying to block it out. However, it seemed to only get worse and she thought she was going to go crazy.
Peggy stepped passed Howard to Phillips. "You all expect me to believe she's from the future? I have seen a lot of things, but that's a bit extreme."
Tony let out a harsh sigh, knowing that he should've never had said that to him. "How did you get dating from that?"
"Why are you alone?" he asked, his eyes drilling into her. "Do you know how dangerous that is? HYDRA wants you."
else. She thought of Clint when he saw, for the first time, the new arrows she made him. She thought of Natasha when she upgraded her Black Widow bits. She thought of Bruce when she made him his Hulk proof pants. Though of Thor and his love of pop tarts. Thought of Steve in general. "Breathe," she cried, feeling the warm tears run down her face. "Just breathe," she repeated, sliding down the wall. Why did she feel like she was on a boat? Why was everything moving?
"Okay… Maybe, this is about that hot blonde down the hall from your shield Apartment in DC," Clint said, his tone changing. His playfulness was gone.
Anyhow, I hope you like this chapter. With chapter, I was to make it through Iron Man 3. I don't want to rush or have the chapter feel like it is rushed, but I don't want to spend too long in Iron Man 3.
Relax, she told herself. Toni was bent over as she tried to ride out her fear. The cold, which wasn't too bitter thanks to the many drinks, wasn't bothering her, and it was only an afterthought to her overwhelming fear. If only, she had her suit; no one could be able to touch her. They would be running from her. She didn't have to worry about a fucking stalker, who haunted her every second just like Barnes' future death. She took a deep breath as she tried to calm herself.
Howard glanced back with a cheesy smile. He let go of the controls and tapped on the glass. "We're safe behind this," he replied as he tapped again. "Why don't you come closer? I would like a second opinion."
She eyes him as she suddenly moves and steps into his lab. "Why do you allow this?" she asks, just watching him.
Toni could feel her stomach dropped at the thought of someone following her. It broke back all her fears and worries as her recalled being shoved against a wall by her Stalker in the past. Even though she was safe in her tower, it felt like she was back in that alley getting attacked. She could feel his hands on her. She could feel her heart beat raced as she wondered if she was really safe. Was there anyone following her now? If so, what did they want from her?
The Super Soldier froze, unable to process that new info. How in the hell did Howard marry Toni, when she couldn't even stand to be in the same room as him? Yes, she was less hostile to him as time went on, but there was no way that she would've married him. She just wouldn't have.
Toni glanced over at Peggy, who was staring at her. "I asked him, but he's worried that I'm too injured or I'll get hurt." She snorted. "I so want to take a wrench to him."
Howard laughed as he straightened himself up. "If I'm wrong, you'll think I'm crazy," he said, with a smile.
"And you think that's a good idea?" she asked. There was no anger in her voice, but he knew she was pissed that he was trying to get help from Loki, who had almost destroyed New York.
Steve opened the door to the apartment for Bucky as he carried Toni in. During the walk up, she hadn't stirred which shocked both of them as they expected her to make some noise or something. "You can take her to my room and I can take the couch," Steve offered, as he opened the door to his room.
Toni released her shirt, allowing it to hide the reactor. Maybe, it was a good thing it wasn't as bright. "Toni, keep it together," she told herself. She had to keep her head on her shoulder if she wanted to get through this. She lowered her head to the dresser and rested it there for a few seconds. "Need to act like a Stark…like a Stark," she repeated. She didn't know what it really meant to act like a Stark though. "I can wing it like I always do."
"In order to track a phone, it needs to be on or be intact," Clint responded. "And let me guess, Toni's phone is either broken or not on."
It was that roll, which made Toni realized that she was on the cold hard ground. She moaned as her bruised face bumped against the ground. Why the hell was she on the ground? Why did Rogers put her on the ground? She was going to give that asshole a talking to, because he should at least have found a softer spot to put her down.
Clint smiled as he picked his cup back up. "Good. He better. Mommy and Daddy need to get together, so we can be one big happy family."
"I…knew something was going to happen, not when or how," she admitted. It was the truth. She had no idea of how Rogers turned into a Popsicle.
Maybe, if she ignored him, he would go away. With a deep breath, she picked up the case and stepped to one of the work benches. She didn't know if it was her or not, but the case felt light in her hands.
Before Toni could finish her sentence, one of Rollins's hand left the steering wheel and belted her, belted her hard. "Enough!" he roared.
She loved that song and she would sing along to it all day. "Living easy, living free… Season ticket on a one-way ride," she sung loudly. She didn't have a singing voice and she knew this, but she didn't care. She just enjoyed singing, even if her voice sounded like nails on a chalkboard. "Asking nothing, leave me be…Taking everything in my stride."
Banner let out a small chuckle as he looked at Steve. "At first, I thought I was crazy for thinking it, but I kept seeing things. Toni may have thought you were an ass, which I agreed. You were an ass at times. A major-"
Steve knew he had to get her off his mind or he was going to go crazy, if he wasn't already crazy. However, if he didn't know what happened to her, he would go crazy anyway. He had to at least find out what had happened to her as it would be the only thing that would settle his mind. He had to make sure she was happy. He just had to. He didn't know what he would do if he found out she wasn't.
"No," she snapped. Why were they pushing her? Why was it so important that she picked? Why couldn't she have both? Did she really want both? She wasn't sure. She really wasn't sure, but all she knew was that she wanted to get away, far away, as she didn't want to answer them. "Just shut up!"
"Your master is not my concern nor is he my superior," the Commander replied. "I do not care what he wants or thinks." Her accent was heavy and it almost enough to drown out the meaning of her words.
"I wouldn't consider that a shame," he stated. "Last chance, Corporal Sark. Tell me what this device is and I'll let you go."
She was going to die alone, which she always knew was going to happen, but she thought maybe she could beat that, since she now had friends. Maybe, she was wrong… Though she was glad that the pain would stop if she died, she didn't want to die and leave Pepper to find her body.
Toni struggled against her father, who seemed to have a death grip on her. "Hey! You can start with mini me, and not adult me. I can protect myself."
Toni couldn't help but let out another laugh. "You're too cute for your own good, Cap. C'mon," she stated as she opened the door. "We can discuss a nickname for Barnes. He's jealous that I hadn't given him one, but I can't think of one. I know you call him Bucky, which is a story that I want to hear, but I want a new one. I just can't think of one."
Peggy crossed to the door and looked out. She didn't see him in the hallway. "He must've gone back to the medical bay for something." She stepped away from the door and toward the Colonel. "How long are you going to keep her in there?" she asked, knowing how long she had been in the room.
Though Rogers pissed her the hell off, it irritated her to hear his best friend say that, but she didn't say anything. She didn't want to start with a fight with a man, who if she thought about it, she didn't really trust. She didn't care if he was a sex god. As she looked him over from head to toe, she cursed her body's desire to jump him. WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME? She knew she couldn't have him, which made him so much more desirable. She always had a thing for men she couldn't have. Shaking her head, she knew it was stupid to fall for a guy who was going to die. That just screamed commitment issues, didn't it?
Toni took a look around, but she didn't notice anyone else tailing her, not that she expected to, because she really wasn't trained to notice tails. She didn't know what she was looking for. She only noticed the sucky tail, who seemed to want to be caught. She watched as he turned and walked away with his arms behind his back. Being the risky idiot that she was, Toni followed after him, without a second thought about her safety.
"But you can't say that you aren't attracted to Sergeant Barnes. I've seen the way you look at him."
Toni looked up at the man, giving him a hard look. The man wasn't ugly, but he wasn't Steve Rogers. Definitely not Steve's level, though he could be handsome if he gave up that fake blond hair. It really just aged him out, and if Toni was in the mood, she would call him out on it. "Oh, she's on her much needed vacation," she replied, not taking his hand. "Did she have a meeting with you? I didn't see you on the schedule—not that I looked. Who needs a calendar? But I guess it would be helpful at this moment. Who are you?"
"And I do not hate you, Stark." Tony doesn't respond as he steps into the suits. He couldn't even if he wants to as he has no idea of how to respond. "And no one can hate you more than you hate yourself," she asks as the suit closes around him. She doesn't try to stop him as he makes a flashy exit. She doesn't say another damn word, and he's thankful for that.
Steve wanted to protest that until his mute, but he knew Toni wouldn't be too pleased if she heard. She wasn't one who liked to be protected. "Maybe, we should find out why first."
"We're ready to go!" Howard said as he climbed aboard and made his way toward the front of the plane. In one hand, he held Toni's device in a hard metal case, while he held a briefcase in the other. "Everything's in order, and we'll be taking off in five."
Once Barnes was out of sight, Toni pulled her arm from Steve and stretched them in front of her. Her body was still swore, but the pain wasn't anything that she couldn't handle. "What?" she asked as she noticed him eyeing her. "Okay, what?" She didn't like how he could read her.
The genius from the future let out a chuckle, because she should've expected that from her father, who would always seem smarter than she. However, she also smiled because of what she had said to Loki before. It was like magic when her father and she put their minds together.
She could feel her the shakes start to die down, as she found herself face first in a man's chest. She could feel the memories fade as his fingertips gently stroked the skin on her wrist.
He knew he was letting his emotions get the better of him. "Stop lying!" he replied, regretting his tone as soon as he spoke.
Shaking her head, Toni Stark took a deep breath. She wasn't going to let Rogers, no wait, Captain America, get to her. Though she wondered, why was he getting to her in the first place? His insults weren't the first and she knew damn well, they wouldn't be the last, so why did they hit so hard? Why did she care what he thought? If she really thought about it, she knew the answer. Her mind wandered to her father, and how her father talked about him. She knew Captain America was important to her father because he had never shut up about the man. So if someone well-liked by her father hated her, what did that say about her relationship with her deceased father? She didn't have a relationship with her father, and it hurt to know Captain America meant more to her father than she. Why did her father hate her?
She had to figure out where she was and who had her. This hospital room looked nothing like any hospital she been in or seen. It looked like it came from the 1930's or 40's, just like that ugly nurse. The device, which monitored her vitals, looked ancient, and that scared her. If her captors were using out of date equipment, it wasn't good. Maybe, she was a prisoner for some third world villain, but that didn't explain the Captain. Rogers wouldn't betray her, even if she pissed him off.
"I know," she replied, trying to keep up. Peggy was walking too fast for her, and it annoyed Toni. There was no doubt that Peggy knew she was having a hard time keeping up and was doing it on purpose. It irritated Toni and she wanted to say something, though she doubted that Peggy would slow down if asked. There had to be another way to make her stop. "So do you like Rogers?" she asked, knowing it would piss her off. It also bugged Toni that Peggy and Steve were close.
students. She just assisted the young man when he couldn't get it to work. Though, he could be blaming her because she randomly popped into his classroom and inserted herself into his lesson. She joked she was returning home- AKA to a lab, as she joined a random classroom in DC, and though the Professor was shooting draggers at her, she got to admit this was the best decision in the world. However, she felt like a fish in a fish bowl with small children pounding on the glass. The College's lab had a glass wall, and there was a line of people staring, taking picture. "Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." She said, remembering that quote from somewhere. Did it matter where?
with a dead man. She was mere seconds from losing it and trashing Steve's crappy apartment, trying to get rid of a dead man. Something was definitely wrong with her, and she needed to accept this, or it would get worse. Granted, what was worse than seeing a dead guy?
Channeling Toni, he wanted to sick Pepper on them and watch her go to town. He may be a super soldier, but that woman scared him. She had a way with words that could have anyone shaking in their boots. He had just gotten off the phone with her when he arrived at his apartment. He had barely gotten any words out, as she shot out questions. "Is Toni with you? She isn't answering her phone. Usually a sign that she's avoiding me." "She's better not be next to you." "Is she hiding from me?" "I swear I'm always the last one to know. I need to be informed about these things." "Did you two get engaged without tell me?" "Tell me. Are you in engaged?" "So, you aren't engaged?" "Why would the media think that?" "Wait, she said what?" "Are you okay?" "You aren't lying to me, are you?" "Steve, I'm sorry." "If that changes, will you tell me?" "And tell Toni to call me. We have to put a statement out." "Are you sure that you're okay?"
He was getting really sick of her insults, and it was getting harder and harder to control his temper. With his fists balled at his side, he stared at her as he tried to calm himself. His anger had taken a hold of him that he didn't realized that he started to refer to her as Stark again. "You're the one throwing insults," he said, through his teeth. It felt like his heart was breaking.
Natasha let out a sigh, mumbling someone under her breath. The STRIKE team just looked a little shell shock. "Was he wearing a parachute?" Rollins asked.
Besides her parents, Aunt Peg and Rhodes, she never had someone pay for her, as she was always the person to pay, even Stane had her paid with some off handed joke. Okay, that wasn't exactly true, as she recalled how Shrimp Steve brought her dresses…Ugly 1940's dresses, but dresses nonetheless. With barely anything to his name, he went out his way to help her. She also remembered Barnes and him giving her a place to stay when she was just a stranger. She had nothing, completely nothing, and they helped her without a second thought…well, on Steve's part. Barnes, on the other hand, thought his buddy was crazy, but he came around. In the end, they became something else… A family? She didn't think something as simple as someone paying her-taking care of her- would create such a warm feeling in her chest. "Well, I am pulling no stops then," she said, giving him a wink. "The works."
She eyed him for a few seconds, trying to figure out what he wanted. "Surprise? Not so much, as no one can stay away from me for too long," Toni answered, putting on a brave face. She wasn't stupid and she knew how dangerous this man was. Even if Rogers was due to arrive to destroy this last Hydra base at any second, she knew she wasn't going to get out of this easy. This wasn't going to be a cake run by any means.
Toni did not need or want a gentleman, as it was the opposite of what she needed or wanted. "I don't-"
"At first, I knew something was odd, especially with that thing in your chest, and after Phillips couldn't find anything on you, I decided to use my resources to try," he said, stepping to her.
"Really?" He eyed her not believing her. "How's the device going? Besides the fact that it keeps sucking the power from the building, it does appear to be functioning." He paused. "Maybe, that's the point? However, wouldn't you consider that a weapon? I thought you opposed making weapons, Sark." His friendly tone changed.
And again, her Iron Man suit was nothing more than a paperweight—an oversize, overweight, and overpriced paperweight. Right now, she could do nothing besides drag her heavy, bulky pride and joy behind her, which slowed her progress greatly. If she didn't have her suit, she could double her speed and wouldn't be so exhausted, but she couldn't and wouldn't leave her suit. Her suit was everything to her. It was her baby, and she could never abandon it. It would be like leaving a part of her behind, which she could never do. She didn't know who she would be without the suit—which was probably why Steve was so annoyed.
"I need a drink," Toni said, turning from the super soldier. Her eyes were on the bar, and she made her way toward it.
"So how was your day, Bucky?" Rogers asked, after he had finished his meal. He was sitting next to Toni, who was picking at her food. She hadn't eaten much.
Natasha is still eyeing him, following him everywhere he went. "If he wanted you dead, you would've died by now."
Thor didn't flinch at the sudden touch as he eyed her. His mouth twitched as to say anything, but before he could, Romanoff interjected, eyeing the genius "Stark, now is not the time." Her voice was stern, clearly a warning.
"What a view! What can I do to get a view like this?" Said man exclaimed with a chuckle. "How much do this view cost? Your first born child?"
"You have some nerve!" she snapped interrupting him. She remembered that kiss after she had awaken from her coma. It wasn't long before she had learned of Bucky's death. "How can that kiss mean anything when you were swapping split with Peggy seconds later?"
It took her longer than expected to get to the control room. Even with her father gone, there was more security than she expected. She had to duck and drive every few seconds to avoid being caught. She thought she could 'blend in' if she found some kind of a uniform to change into, but she hadn't seen one single woman in this place, which was hard to believe. Yes, Toni understood that there wouldn't be female guards but there were other positions…
She struggled against him as anger filled her. She wanted to say something smart back but she didn't want to give him the pleasure, though it was so hard to remain silent; she did have a big mouth and all. So hard. Why was every man in this time a sexist pig? Even the criminals were sexist. Where were the nice, non-sexist people of the 1940's?
Steve stared in the non-lit fire. "No, I do not think she will." He was thinking about something, and after a few seconds of silence, he spoke again. "I really don't understand her. How can she be so careless?"
He pushed the door open and slowly walked inside with his rifle up, looking for any sign of movement. "Clear," he replied as he stepped aside.
he told himself. He didn't have time to doubt himself. He had to get the drive back and then find Toni. He couldn't explain it, but a bad feeling was growing like weeds in the pit of his stomach. If it had been any other day, he probably wouldn't be as worried. Toni was damn good at protecting herself, but after learning about her recent panic attack, he didn't know anymore.
Words played overhead, louder than normal so it could be heard over the crowd. "Best friends since childhood, Bucky Barnes and Steven Rogers were inseparable on both school yard and battlefield. Barnes is the only Howling commando to give his life in service of his country." It was an odd feeling to see those pictures, to see that smile.
I was waiting for my Beta, but she was busy and you guys were bugging, so here you go. You guys just love to bug me, don't you?!
"Yes, ma'am," Barnes replied as he turned to leave. He gave Toni a look before he walked back to the camp.
"Disobeying orders and assaulting a superior Officer, Sark?" he said, refusing to let go. "That would land you in the brig."
Toni's heart raced as she wondered how much these people knew. How did they know about that? There was only one person who knew she knew and that was Salty. How did these people know that? Was her Stalker really that good? Or was it Loki? She highly doubted Phillips told them. "Get off," she yelled, still trying to fight Schmidt.
"Peachy," she said as she mindlessly played with the dog tags around her neck. After the talk with her father and Peggy, she had decided to keep the tags. Her guilt was still there, but if neither Howard nor Peggy hated her, how could she blame herself? How could she hate herself? They were right. There was nothing she could have done, and she needed to believe that. She needed to let go all of this guilt as it as eating her alive.
He's glaring at the monitor as Barnes steps forward and covers him with the blanket. His hands balls at his side as the former Assassin tucks him in like he's a child. He hates the way that the soldiers look at his sleeping form before turning to each other. He hates how they reach for each other before they turn back to him. He detests the words that come out of Barnes' mouth. "Gotta take of our fella."
Trip laughed from the driver seat. "My Shield paycheck can't afford your style, besides I like this car. It's the kind of car that no one pays attention to."
Trying to stop the panic building up in her, she forced herself to take a few deep breaths, as she counted backward in her head. "It's okay," she tried to tell herself. She repeated their words in her head, trying to force herself to calm down. With some deep breaths, she focused her mind on Steve. His face. His smile. Just remembering his perfect smile. His kind eyes. "You're not alone." She could say this one of the reasons why she preferred her tower. Though she could reach JARVIS from her phone or tech, she felt cut off from her AI in this apartment. She felt separated from her safety net, which just triggered her panic. There was also the fact that she couldn't run to her lab. If she was at the tower, she would be racing to it, locking herself in. Protecting herself.
Something in side of Toni was telling her that these two could be good friend if they kept in contact. Just listening to these two told her that much. Would it be too much if she set up play dates for these two? What? Steve needed some non-spy friends. But first, she needed to run a thorough background on this man, because he could
Bucky steps toward him, crouching down, as he tries to meet Tony's eyes. "Come on, Punk. Talk," he says, softly.
"We needed you to rest as you were-are running yourself into the ground, and I knew it was the only way to get you to rest," he replied.
"How's the arm? The leg? Not in too much pain, are you?" Steve asks, not getting an answer from the silent billionaire. "Do you need something? I can get it for you. Just tell me." There's some hope in his voice, and it kills Tony.
Toni looked at him, trying to figure him out. "If you don't tell me what's going on, I'm going to call you Rogers again. Now, tell me!" Though something was up, she was getting annoyed; she tried to move out of his grip, but he wouldn't let her go. Before another word was said, Steve closed the distance and kissed her, kissed her hard. Unlike with the kiss with Barnes, there wasn't much thought even with the shock of Steve kissing her. She couldn't reject him when he was like this, not that she wanted too. There was something about his kiss. It pulled her in.
Tony can feel his heart shatter in his chest as he listens to James. Hearing them side with the other is the last shot to the heart he can take. He may lo—nope, nope, he doesn't. He can't. He may care for them, but he can't do this, be the odd one out. He really can't. Why did he ever think this was a good idea? He can't believe that he thought this could work. They'll always side with each other no matter what the situation is. If they do it now, what happens when they disagree on something bigger? Will they go to war against him again? "Is that how you feel, Rogers?" he asks, dryly, trying to hide both his mental and physical pain.
"Is that what you're calling this?" she asked, taking a good look around. Everything was moving fast pass them as the car zipped down the road, going deeper and deeper into a wooden area. Toni could recognize D.C. in the distance, so she knew that Rollins hadn't taken her too far. However, this wasn't downtown D.C., where SHIELD HQ was. It looked like he was taking her to the middle of the wilds to be killed like in the horror movies, as the surrounding trees grew taller with each passing second. "Or are you just trying to kill me?" she asked with a forced chuckle, though there was doubt forming in the back of her head.
"I know that!" She snapped. "I'm not a child." Here it was again. He was treating her as he did in the future with the kid gloves. He didn't believe in her, and she tried to ignore the fact that it hurt.
She felt somewhat relief wash over her as he agreed. She just wanted to get this over with and just go. "Thanks," she said, as she glanced down at her bare chest. Her tags sat just above the curve of her boobs with the chain pooling at her neck. She didn't think about hiding them, as she wanted this to be over with as quiet as possible. "You should consider yourself lucky, Bruce. You're getting to second base without buying me dinner."
"Hey," he said, playing hurt. "My cooking isn't bad. Now, yours on the other hand." Though the circumstances might not be the best, jokes and teasing was how he was going to get Toni back to normal…if there was a normal. If Natasha was correct—not that she was ever wrong, it was going to be a battle unlike any that he had faced before.
The air left her lung, and chills went up her spine. She tried to take short breaths to catch her breath, but nothing she did worked. She felt a panic attack coming on and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
"Buck," Steve utters, bringing his hand up to Bucky's face. He wipes the tears away from his eyes. "It's okay."
There was a part of her that wondered if this was because he was lost. Lost without Barnes, who had been everything for Steve. He was his best friend, his roommate, his brother. That loss must've hurt Rogers to his very core, and that had to be why he was acting like this. He was looking for something that Toni wasn't sure she could give as she was damaged as well. She may be damaged far worse than he, but he had been there through her nightmares. He was there when she needed someone, and she would try to be there for him, even if she was the worst person for it. "You have me. I…promise." Her voice almost broke.
Jim didn't respond at first, only letting out an angry grunt. It took the Colonel a few tries to get words out, and when he did, they were anything but friendly. "Does everything sound okay,
That pulled Toni from her thoughts, as it almost brought her to the point of tears. She was the reason why he was in so much pain. Toni pushed off from the poll and turned toward the direction of Peggy and Steve, which the sight of made her feel sicker. Why was Peggy hanging all over Steve like that? Didn't she know that he didn't need that?
"I need that file. That's all I need." Steve turned to him, annoyed. He didn't need a mission-well maybe not now.
"Only the ones from the future, who aren't really soldiers and had been tortured recently," he responded. "I don't need you freaking out or changing the future by doing something stupid. If I have to play therapist, I will."
Toni eyed him as she set down the wrench she was holding. There was a slight red mark in her hand, left from her tight grip, and it stung when she flexed her hand. "Friends?" she asked, as she stared at it. How could anyone think she was a friend, when she allowed her 'friends' suffer?
, and Peggy would be rolling in her bed if she knew—if she was in the mental state to do so. Steve was not a criminal. "What about Iron Man? Are you pronouncing her a criminal as well?" she asked. She felt sickened, as images popped in her head. What could be happening to the famous genius? Her opinion of the famous Toni Stark wasn't always high, but it was starting to change, after seeing her in that broken status. "And where is Miss Stark?"
Just like that, it felt like someone had punched Toni in the gut and stolen her breath. It was almost impossible to breathe. Even in the suit, she found herself shaking, trying to remain upright on her feet. "W-What?" she shuttered, as her hand went to her heart, hovering over the spot that the dog tags hidden beneath the suit.
"I took the liberty of coming up with some options," Howard stated, eyeing him. He motioned to the table behind him, which had a few shields on it. Each was more different than the last.
Toni wasn't sure if it matter anymore if they found the Commander, because she would be gone, always from her evil grasp. But, it did matter. She wouldn't feel safe until that Commander and her Stalker were caught. "Okay," she uttered, not sure if it was a good idea to keep recent activities of the stalker a secret. However, she wasn't sure if he was working with Loki, and if the Stalker was working with Loki, she couldn't tell any of them.
want to talk about what happened. She wanted to move forward with her life and forgot it ever happened, though she doubt she could. Her nightmares were getting worse, and she doubt she would be able to hide them for long. She knew they would try to force her into talking to talk about it when she didn't want to. "Banner," she snapped. "Just check the reactor. Damn it."
Being the old computer system that it was, Zola flashed in and out; however, the smile was quite visible on his face. "She's right where she belongs. Becoming Hydra before you know it."
Toni glanced down at the envelope, which felt heavy in her hands. "Isn't the true," she said, smiling, as she tried to hide her rapidly beating heart.
Even if the very idea of him spying on her annoyed her, she didn't like seeing him on the operating table like this. (Which was why she offered to fly in the top people—something that Maria Hill rejected.) He was the man who kicked the Avengers into existence. He was
Toni pushed herself out of her father's arms and stepped back, giving him a look. "Not you too," she replied with a long sigh. Screw Clint. She was so getting Romanoff to give her some tips, because she was not a damsel in distress. Plus, it would help her with her self-doubt. It might even help her nerves as well.
His heart skipped a few beats as he thought about Toni alone in Central Park. Why was she in Central Park at this time? Did she not understand how dangerous that was? This wasn't
As Tony battles himself in his own head, he's deadly silent and stiff, and when he snaps back to reality with a few more tugs, he knows everyone's watching him, and though that's normally what he likes, he wishes everyone would ignore his existence and turn to the television.
There was a strong look in his eyes, protective and loving. "You need to get out of your own head, because let me tell you something, I knew Bucky since we were kid. And even as a kid, he stood for the little guy. Heck, I lost count to how many times he jumped into fights to save someone and that isn't counting the times he had my back when I found myself in a fight." He let out a small warm smile. "He would go to war for the people he loved, and that included you. Toni, he loved you. He loved you more than you know." His voice dipped slightly.
"Not yet." Schmidt dragged her toward Zola, who was checking out one of the glowing cores, which Toni eyed. That was all that she needed.
The Genius let out a chuckle as she stepped out of Steve's arms. She eyed his cherry red face, and she couldn't help but smile. He was so adorable, and she loved it. "Geez, can't have any fun. What can I help you with, Pep?" Even if Toni couldn't see the CEO, she knew she was rolling her eyes.
Allowing the door to close behind her, Toni fell hard to the ground, not bracing herself from the fall. Her head banged hard against the wall as everything disappeared around her. She could feel herself struggle to breathe as she couldn't catch her breath. It felt like someone had their hands around throat, choking her, and for a second, she wished that it was true. It would make everything simple. It would solve everything.
"I can't just let her go if she has no place to go. Look it's snowing out there," Steve said, pointing out the window. It was coming down in big flakes and it was hard to see the ugly brick wall.
"Yup, you're going to kill me," she replied, looking at her. Her face was completely red, and he loved it.
And I want to thank my Beta for getting this back to me. :) She says she really likes this chapter, so I hope you do to.
With some kind of mad ninja skill, Steve blocked the pillow without moving, though Clint was not so lucky. However, as the weapon was just a pillow, it just felt like a light slapped to the face. On the other hand, that pillow did nothing to stop the kissing couple, which Clint couldn't stop whining about.
"Then what is this?" Bucky asked, eyeing his roommate. "Why bring her home? Is there something going on with you?"
"Is this about how you think the Avengers are a National Security risk and you need a way to take each one of us down if needed?" Clint injected, bitterly with his armed folded across his chest.
She took a deep breathe. "Why does that matter?" she asked. Turning, she noticed a bag sitting on the table. She wondered for a second what was inside of it. Toni exhaled as she turned away.
Bruce chuckled, while Natasha just shook her head. Clint let out an annoyed huff as he eyed the Captain. "You, Cap," Clint replied. "But I guess we all know what your mind is on…or rather who is on your mind."
Wilson groans. "No one wants to be," he says, whining. "Let's stop talking about their love life." He sounds like he's going to be sick. "And pick a movie. And no
But yet, her father was standing in front of her just like Bucky had been. The room was spinning as she stared at her father, who stood mere feet from her. "This isn't real. This isn't real." Her lungs refused to work as she struggled to breath. She could barely feel her nails against her chest as she pulled at her shirt. "No. No. No."
It was the Commander's turn to laugh. "You're truly a fool," she said, yanking Toni up by the collar. "Let's go, I have grown tired of this child's play."
"I'm fine," Tony says as he tries to scoot out of Barnes' hands, which isn't lost on the super soldiers. When he's able to break free of Bucky's grip—which isn't easy to say the least, Tony knows it isn't a result of anything that he has done.
"Do you see my face?" she asked, her eye twitching, as she lid off the communication head piece and handed it to Steve. "It's too late, and I am too tired to deal with this shit."
Toni puffed. "Well, I want to give him that nickname for a different reason. Buck is a name for a male rabbit, and it can't be a true nickname without a y." Arriving outside of Phillips' tent, they stopped a few feet from it.
That sickening feel was back, followed by a deep anger, and Sharon had to force herself to remain calm. She couldn't allow her emotions to show. Even if she wanted to take this traitor down, she must let him believe that she trusted them, trust SHIELD. "I will have to check in on her."
The assassin gave him a look, clearly not afraid of his tone. Romanoff was one of the few people that Steve couldn't scare off. If he ever gave her a look, she would give him one right back, and no matter the look he gave her, she didn't and wouldn't back off. "You're fooling yourself if you think Stark has slept while you were gone."
Toni glanced at him before looking at Rogers, who was staring at her with those stupid blue eyes of his. "I think it-" Before she could finish, Barnes picked her up. "What the hell?" she stated.
Tony's eyebrow rises, as he feels every eye on him. He doesn't know what they're thinking, but he doesn't need to now. "On your date?" he asks. "Ha Ha. Funny. Almost believed you meant that." The genius waves them off as he heads toward the door.
"I think I'll wait for Steve," she uttered, not liking the idea of leaving Steve. Everything got worse when she stepped away from him. He kept her sane. Her friends kept her sane. Kept her from seeing ghosts. These people—these agents—did not keep her sane. They pulled her down. She wanted nothing more than to be normal, to be free of these nightmares.
She smiled brightly as she looked up at him. It was like last night was completely forgotten and she hadn't freaked out on him. "Well what the point of having a strong, handsome soldier if he doesn't carry me around like a princess?" she asked, grinning. "So hope to it."
she thought to herself as she lifted the case onto the table. She snapped opened the case, trying not to pay any attention to the 'god'.
"Are you saying that I'm not?" she asked, smirking. Shaking her head, Peggy didn't respond and turned away. "O', you are no fun," Toni joked as she followed after her. Thanks to the stupid heels and being out of shape due to the long prison stay, she was having a hard time keeping up.
"I got a job at Nick's Tools and Garden," she answered. When she had entered the hardware shop, she didn't think she would walk out with the job, but she didn't mind. It would give her access to the tools that she could use to fix her reactor (not that she thought it was possible) and the unnamed device if she ever got it back from her father.
"Can't think like that," she yelled at herself. Her voice felt like someone was running nails down her throat; it hurt to even breathe. She would die for a glass of water right about now. If she didn't feel like death, she would be drooling for a glass right now. Her body was protesting, as her legs were seconds from dying on her. She didn't know if it was due to her run through the dense wilds for an hour or the car accident. Though nothing seemed broken, there was no doubt she had a concussion and some bruised rips, which could be why she was struggling to breathe.
However, he did not know why he was here. Why was he just standing around? There were other things that he could be doing; he had skills he could be using. Even if he was a nobody without a name, his purpose was to kill. Killing was what made him feel alive, no longer numb, if at least for a few moments. Killing gave him something to live for and he enjoyed it. It was one the few things that gave his life meaning. It was what made him useful, and he needed to be useful. He needed to be needed, even if he was just a tool; he was okay with being a tool as long as he was needed.
Trip opened his mouth, but before he could speak, Dugan took a step forward. "Trip, can your Grandfather and I have a word with Ms. Stark alone?"
There was a glare in Steve's eyes that Bucky had never seen before. Steve had been pissed at him many times for some reason or another, but he had never seen him this mad before and Bucky really didn't understand why. He didn't say anything that was untrue or wrong. It was no secret that Steve had no luck or game with the ladies. "I didn't mean it like that," he stated, thinking he might have crossed the line. "You and ladies just don't mix, but I'm sorry if I insulted you."
. This was going to turn out into a nightmare, considering how many things SHIELD had their hands in. She was going to need JARVIS's help to see how far this goes. If this didn't have the potential to be so deadly, she would be laughing. She was officially done with all this bullshit.
Toni leaned back in her chair, itching to reach for her flask. As the urge to drink grew, the promise to her father started to slip. She wondered if the shaking in her hand was noticeable. She hoped not. "You know I can help, just ask. I got a ton of new tech, I got a prehensile, I got a…I got a new bomb disposal. Catches explosions mid-air."
Toni tried her best to keep in her snort. Peggy had on her angry babysitting voice, and though she disliked it as a child, it was funny now. It was nice to hear her yell at someone else for a chance.
She wanted to look away, but his eyes held her in place. He was wearing dress pants and a tan dress shirt signaling that he would be leaving for the Military soon. There was a part of her that wanted to tell him not to go, but she knew it would be stupid if she did. "I'm fine."
In the thin, yellow envelope were two items, and each was different in age and size, but both had fold marks running down their centers, signaling how often they were looked at. Besides the folds, each had a great deal of wear and tear, signaling to the number of times they had been stuffed into a pocket. One of the items, a picture, was faded at the edges and along the fold. There were also stress cracks through the picture, but none of the cracks took away from it. Each of the three smiles were very much visible, and it was clear how happy the three were. The family photo of three was of a young girl and her parents, at her fifth birthday. Cake was everywhere as it seemed like the girl started a cake fight, but no one in the picture looked angry or upset at the mess.
"Steve," she interrupted, her eyes drilling into him. "I liked the Shrimp vision of you. I love how sweet you were—are. I loved the 'never- give-up' attitude." She smiled, noticing the softness in his eyes. "I started to fall for you then, and sure, I love this body. Seriously, just look at you. Man, those abs should be illegal, but I fell for the small Steve, who even then stood for what he stood for. So don't you d-"
All of the sudden, it hit her like a pound of bricks. "A bomb isn't a bomb when it's a misfire. This stuff doesn't always work, right, pal?" she replied, glaring at the computer screen. "It's faulty, but you found a buyer, didn't you? Sold it to the Mandarin. Got you." There was a small smile on her face as a plan popped into her head. It wasn't necessity a good plan, but it was a plan.
Even if she knew Rhodes wasn't going to drop this, Toni let out a loud chuckle because teasing her best friend was one of her favorite past times. She would enjoy no matter the situation. "Oh, this conversion isn't R rated yet."
With a heavy sigh, Toni leaned against the wall, completely focused on her tablet and her suit. On the tablet was the damage report for the Iron Man suit. If she was at her lab, she could get it fixed up in no time, but she was not at her lab. She was in freaken D.C., the lands of idiots. It would take her longer to fix it, needing to hunt everything down, which wasn't ideal, but she had no choice. She doubted they were leaving D.C. anytime soon thanks to that metal armed assassin. She supposed she couldn't blame that on Steve, as she wanted to find out who this person was as well. It was going to be one of those things that would bug her until she solved it.
Natasha shook her head as she watched the two. "You two are going to make me sick," she replied as she headed toward the gate.
So instead, she was on the top of the tower with a blanket around her, staring at the lit dark sky, as she counted the stars she could not see. One of the downsides of living in the city, you can't see stars, due it being too bright. She could compare it to a Christmas tree, as everywhere you look, something was lit. This was a one of a kind view that she couldn't get anywhere else. At her former beach house, she would sit on her porch over the ocean and stare at the blacken sky, as the cool breeze hit her. Wrapped in a light blanket, she could just stare out at the murky sky, listening to the waves as they hit the cliff. She couldn't do that now. Though she loved the city, it wasn't what she needed now.
"Sir," Zola uttered as he watched Schmidt flip every more switches. Toni didn't know what these switches did, but she could hear a clicking sound.
With exhaustion running through her body, Toni fell back on the bed with a log thump. There was no doubt that she took it too far, acted like a spoiled child—something that she was not proud of. She may not like Carter, but she didn't deserve a craze Stark going ape shit on her when she was doing her
Toni looked pass Barnes to Rogers, who had walked through the front door, and her eyes twitched as J.A.R.V.I.S. scanned him like it did everyone, who entered. "I see you're working now, J.A.R.V.I.S." she muttered.
Listening to Rogers go off like that, just pissed Toni the hell, but she remained quiet for now. Though he infuriated her with his chauvinist ass, she wanted to listen to what Phillips had to say.
to trust these people, and that was strange for her. She wasn't one to trust people; she never wanted to before, but here she was, wanting to do so, and it annoyed her.
she thought to herself. "You have more to lose if Stark goes out," she stated as her eyes flicked to her father, who was sitting away from the table. "If I die, no big deal," she stated, regretting it a few seconds later.
"Oh, yes, she is," Dugan replied. "I almost feel sorry for Steve. He doesn't know what he's getting himself into it."
"Doesn't mean you should." He eyed Rogers, trying to read him. "What's happening in that head of yours?"
Was this how Steve felt when he awoke in the future? Did he feel out of place? Feel weird in his own skin — clammy hands, shaky nerves, dry throat? Did he still feel out of place? Sure, she felt weird after being in the past, but she belonged here. She would be her regular self in no time, but what about Steve? Did he feel at home here? Was this torture to him like the past had been for her? Did she make a mistake by not telling her father? Maybe, he would've been happy there — if she had told them all everything from the beginning. He would've been happy with his best friend still alive, Bucky; he would've been happy with a woman like Peggy by his side. He would have been brilliant, could have been, should have been.
"I'm unsure of the time, but I'm positive that she's in the past." Bruce stared at his glass before taking another slip.
In the corner of the kitchen, the former Russian spy had the Captain against the wall with only a knife pointed at him. Like with Clint, there was a look on her face that Toni hadn't seen before. The woman looked down right pissed. She snarled. "I expected more from you, Rogers." She turned slightly, glancing at the broken lamp on the ground.
"Keep telling yourself that. Keep telling yourself that he cares." His tone was ice cold. "He doesn't love you. He doesn't even like you. He hates you for taking
"At least, I never shot at someone," she stated. "Well on my own team," she added. Howard glanced at her before turning to the motionless Captain.
Steve wanted to cry, flashing back to Toni finally telling him she loved him. "Okay." He said, forcing his Captain America mask back on. God, she had just given him an answer to his proposal. She agreed to be his wife and he had never been happier. And now it all went to hell. What the hell happen? How could he had allowed her out of his sight? "Let's go get Jasper Sitwell," he hissed. The plan was not to kill the man, but right now, Steve was so angry he didn't know if he could control himself.
Toni snorted as he kept trying to get her to talk to him, so she didn't know how focus he was. "You focus? Yea, right."
With shoulders slumped, Toni walked away from him to one of the tables in the room. Sighing, she placed her hands on the table and leaned against it. "What do you think's going on here, Rogers?" she asked, her voice soft but cold.
"S-Toni! It's me." The voice was soft. "I got you, Toni." A set of arms wrapped around the genius, pulling Toni into tight hug. One hand ran up and down Toni's Back. "I got you."
Toni didn't need him to tell her this, because she knew this. She could feel the guilty in her heart, feel it overwhelming her. She knew she was going crazy, if she hadn't ready. She
"Am I good for anything?" he asked himself, as he passed yet another alley that he was beaten up. "You did save that girl," he told himself, remembering the woman he found in the empty lot a week ago. He hadn't seen a woman so injured before that he didn't know if she would survive. "I wonder if she's okay." After she was taken away, he hadn't seen or heard from her. He had tried calling the local hospitals to make sure she was okay, but there was no record of her at any of the hospitals. That worried him, but that didn't mean anything bad had happened to her.
Stepping back from the oven, Steve turned to her and rounded the counter. Facing her, he gave her the once over, lingering on her legs. "What do you mean by that?" he asked, bringing his eyes to her face. "I mean I love your face and all, but I don't think…Nope." He paused, making a face. He looked almost pained. "They probably would, and nope. I don't want to think about that."
"I don't think it's unfixable and if it was, that doesn't change the importance of it," Erskine stated as he picked up the device. The burnt wires still hanged from it. "She wouldn't be making a big fuss about it if she didn't need it for something or if she could make a new one."
Steve's eyes snapped to her, as she covered one of her eyes with her hands. Though she was always like this, he surprised with her outburst. Sure, he understood that she had a mouth and didn't respect authority, but now, wasn't the time. That was one of the things that annoyed him about her. She never seemed to take things seriously, though he wondered if she did it to protect herself.
throughout the years. Over the years, it had started to become just a day to her, a day that she spent in the lab.
men. Sure, she knew how it felt to be in a fire fight, but this was different. She felt like she was
Toni caught him looking at her as if he was trying to judge her mental and physical health. She wasn't sure if he saw what he wanted but he was smiling at her. He turned to the Stalker, who hadn't gotten to his feet yet, and glared. As the stranger reached down to grab him, the Stalker rolled back and flipped out of the way. Before the stranger could react, Toni's tail bolted out of the alley.
"Geez, Romanoff." Toni said as she stepped back to the table. "But it means the portal can open as wide, and stay open as long, as Loki wants," she said, jumping back to the matter at hand.
He took a long look at her. "Wait, why is that? Did something happen? Don't you have any friends or family to take you in?" he asked, not giving her any time to answer.
However, that good feeling didn't last long as she groaned, trying to open her eyes. It was too painful to move and her eye felt like it was fire. Her left side of her face where Skully had hit her felt huge and she could barely feel that side of her face. "Asshole," she muttered as she imagined what she looked like. She probably looked like a balloon and Peggy was probably going to mock her. She groaned in pain again as she tried to roll.
"It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle," Toni replied, with a chuckle.
favorite genius for some non- Clint approved fun. That was unacceptable. Sure, Toni got on his nerves sometimes, but everyone got on his nerves at point for one reason or another. It was normal. No one was likeable all the time. Hello, humans here, but that did not mean that someone had the right to take HIS genius. And whoever did, they were getting an arrow through the knee. No, they were going to get two arrows in the knees, because he bloody felt like it, and he was pissed. No one took his friend/genius and not get killed.
she cursed in her head. Why did she get so attached? Why did she break that rule out of all rules? If she hadn't, she wouldn't have gotten attached to Barnes or Steve?
Toni smiled slightly. "Going back to my time." She knew it was risky and that she should test it before using it, but she couldn't bear to stay anymore where she didn't belong. She was a woman out of time. She just wanted to go back to her life, where she could focus on her suits and only her suits.
The screen dimmed as Toni stared. Why was this so hard? She had stared into Steve's eyes countless times, and yet, here she was. She was speechless. There was so much warmth and love in his eyes that she could drown in it. Was she scared of losing herself? Worried—petrified of losing him like her father with her mother? God, that would shatter her. She didn't know if she could survive that. "What's your point?" she said softly, letting the phone go dark.
"Well…it does eventually lead me to you, so no matter what, it gives me the most important thing in my life," he said, leaning back.
"You two are sickening sweet," Sam replied. "Do you go to the dentist a lot? I feel like I have to."
Toni glanced toward Skully and Rogers, wondering what Rogers was going on about. It sounded like he had a plan, though she had no idea of what kind of plan that could be. Getting captured couldn't be it.
like him and then he had to die on me. How could he leave me again?" Tears had started to run down her face. "How could he die after I started to love him? How could he?"
Like the night before, two pair of eyes were missed. Like before, they just watched the two women, though one grinned like he was the devil himself. Like a hungry lion, they watched as one of the women settled on the sofa under a heavy blanket to watch TV, while the other prepares a bowl of popcorn. With the plan nearly complete, there was a look of satisfaction on their faces.
Toni thought to herself as she stepped to the sliding glass doors. She had to speak to him now; she had to put on her mask. No one was allowed to see how broken she was.
Rumlow, as he stared down at the ocean. Even with the emergency response team, Toni's house and the ground around it was unstable and not safe. Every few seconds, pieces of the house and cliff fell, pelting the water at the base of the cliff. Steve knew why Toni had chosen to build a house at a side of the cliff- it was breath taking-, but the Captain didn't like it. Being a soldier, all he saw was risk, and it drove him crazy. Now, he couldn't help but hate himself for that, because he was right. Toni was gon—No! He refused to believe that. Toni wasn't gone. She couldn't be.
Steve sighs, but there's a huge smile on his face. "Don't worry, Jim. We have no interest in hurting him."
Twitching, Toni turned and glared at Agent Carter, who had followed behind her on the plane. "I was just deciding where to sit," she stated.
Steve was silent for a few seconds as he held her close. "Do I like that America is following our every moment? No. Do I like that
It kind of creeped her out that he had visited her when she was sleeping. She took a deep breath to relax herself. "Where's my device?" she asked, not wanting to stretch this out. She thought she could keep her cool, but seeing his sorry smug face set her off…again.
However, if he had been truthful before about what he didn't want from her, what could he want? He said it wasn't illegal or that he wanted her help for a crime. But if it wasn't that, Toni wasn't sure what it could've been as he was a villain. He didn't want her company or her suits. So what could it be? And as creepy as it was, she couldn't help but wonder if it was her. Did he want
"Unless, she changes her mind in a few seconds, which is highly likely. Miss has some stalkerish tendencies toward Captain Rogers. We are currently working on that," JARVIS said in her ear. It took in everything in the genius not to respond.
" Steve uttered, as he stepped toward Toni with glasses in his hands. That was strange title for a movie, granted everything was strange to him.
Toni closed her eyes and sighed. "Why you say that?" she asked, after a few seconds. "Is it because my mouth is open? I bet it's because my mouth is open. I'm right, isn't I?!"
"Too late," Toni uttered, shaking off her best friend. "If she wants to leave, let her leave." She hated when people made her chose. "I don't need her."
"Crystal," she said, tensed. It came back at her like a ton of bricks. She remembered where she had seen him before: the hardware shop. Earlier Barnes and she had visited the shop, and she had thought that she was going crazy when she had spotted the same man outside looking at her. She had thought she was paranoid, but now, she knew she wasn't. "I'll be back. Have to use the little girl's room," she announced getting up. She didn't know why he was following her but she was going to find out.
The world would be a hot messes, too focus on these men's hotness. Though, Tony thinks they can bring about World Peace just by them smiling… Or cause the world to stop and create global destruction as everyone just stares at them, which is more likely the case. Seriously, their smiles should be illegal, because there's no doubt that women will get pregnant just by Steve and Bucky smiling. They can just take a walk through Central Park and boom! Every women—and men if it's possible which Tony is all too happy that they can't as he would probably be knocked up already— no matter the age get pregnant instantly.
Toni let out a small chuck. "I look better than Agent Sassy Pants in there," She said, looking back at the door. "I think she's going through the ringer."
"There's nothing else to discuss, Rogers," Barton said. "We're going. Rhodes agreed. Nothing else to talk about."
She stood there unsure of what to say to the depressed Rogers. "I call everyone by their last name. It's my thing." She closed her eyes. There were only five people that she didn't refer to by their last names: Pepper, Rhodey (yes it was a play off on his last name, but that didn't count), Happy, Bruce and Clint (which was a recent development). Okay, there was also Thor…..but he really didn't have a last name besides Odinson, and she didn't consider that a last name. With Rogers, it was on principle that she called him by his last name.
"You seem to be leaning on Sergeant Barnes and Captain Rogers a lot," he stated. "I don't need to tell you why that's a bad idea." His arms were folded across his chest and narrowed his eyes at her.
Howard wasn't able to finish as Rogers cut him off. "What about this one?" He asked as he noticed a shield under the table. It was a perfectly round shield, which was simple compared to the rest of them.
The Colonel stared at the Arc reactor, which didn't sit well with Toni. "It would be wise to cooperate with us. I do not wish to hurt a woman." He picked up a photo and stared at it. "I just need to know how this works and what exactly it does. When we found you, it appears as if the device exploded, which we all it didn't. You would be dead if it did."
JARVIS took a few seconds to respond as if he was having trouble locating the genius. "She is not in the tower, Sir."
Rollins put on a large smile as he glanced at her from the corner of his eyes. "Just taking you to Pierce," he replied. There was something about that grin of his that was off putting but Toni couldn't put her finger on it. It was almost lion like.
The Colonel glanced at him and decided to let it go. "Well then think it somewhere else. If I read the posters correctly you got some place to be in thirty minutes." He turned his back as to escape the look that Carter was giving him.
Kicking off the blankets, she leaned forward, almost on her hands and knees. The wires and IV strained as she reached for him. "Don't go there."
Jones gave Dugan a look. "Hey, I found a beautiful woman and started an amazing family. Just look at my grandson for one. I don't see you with any grandchildren."
Ever since Toni had bolted out of medical wing, Peggy had been 'glued' to her side, making sure she was okay and never alone. "I'm fine, Mother Hen," Toni replied mockingly. "And I'm going." She was tired of people trying to tell her what to do. If she said she was fine then she was fine... even if she was exhausted.
No, it's not," Toni replied, as her mind drifted. She couldn't think of anyone besides Steve, who was probably thinking the worst. Or maybe, this was good for him, so he wouldn't be weighed down by her. He wouldn't suffer because of her.
The Captain was laughing again—not that he had stopped. "And they call you a genius?" he taunted. "Didn't they teach you in school where babies come from?"
"Vibranium. It's stronger than steel and a third of the weight. It's completely vibration absorbent."
"Just hand me the towel, Barton," Steve ordered, giving him a look before taking a towel. He knew he needed to get these wet clothes off, but he needed to calm her first. He needed her to relax, or else, it would turn into a fight.
"Yeah, yeah, don't let it go to your head," she replied, waving him off. "I know I'm the prefect child."
Shaking her head, she returned her attention to the two men in front of her, who had not notice her yet. She had to get away, before they did. If they did, she would be in handcuffs again, but she wouldn't be in a hospital bed. She would be locked in a cell, where the Colonel wanted her.
She didn't know if she should be insulted or touched by what he said, so she picked insulted. Toni could never go wrong with that. "I'm quite capable in taking care of myself, you know." She held her broken arm close to her body.
"You know, I tried to talk him into taking me to a homeless shelter but it didn't work," she shrugged. "He just brought me here instead."
Rogers looked down at the ice in his lap. "I do it because it's right." He turned to look her in the eyes. "I do this because it isn't right for me to do nothing. I have a part to play in this world and I'm going to play it." He had light smile on his face.
Her tone had turned deadly silence, which was a tone that Steve hadn't heard from the woman. "Put on the suite, let's go a few rounds," Steve said. He maybe have regretted his every word that he was saying, but he was too angry to stop himself. He wanted to make her angry. He wanted her to feel frustrated like he was. He wanted to get to her like she did to him. He wanted to make her feel something. If he couldn't get her to feel anger, how could he get her to feel anything like love?
Between Sharon and Clint, Steve knew they would find her, but he didn't like this. He should be the one looking for her.
Stepping into the room, Pepper studied him for a second before scanning the room for any more surprises. Staring out the window at the city's skyline, a man stood at the window wall. Though the CEO couldn't make out the man's face from her angle, she could tell from his body that he was a fit man in his late twenties, early thirties; there was no doubt that he could handle himself in a fight.
"What do you mean that wasn't your first time that you hadn't been tortured?" Rogers asked taking a step toward her. His hands were balled, and there was a hint of emotion in his voice that Toni couldn't figure out.
He adores how possessive those Brooklyn Boys are with him. He loves how they like to leave their marks on him; no, they aren't over the top or unhealthy about it like some couples are, but it's just enough to remind him how much they care and want
"Oh, honey, if I wanted to make you cry, I wouldn't need this movie to do so," Toni replied, popping a few more corns into her mouth.
It took her a few seconds to realize what the pig was doing and where his hand was. She slapped him hard crossed his face and kneed him in the family jewels. He went down in seconds. "I don't date slim balls," she glared down at him. "Now get lost."
Clint laughed as he carefully reached into the box. "Poor Rogers. I wouldn't want that job. Her crazy plans—well if you can count them as plans—could get anyone killed, and then there's the fact that she doesn't know what morals are."
Barnes wasn't the type of guy she envisioned herself talking to. He was a flirt, someone to have fun with, but there was something that drew her in. It was something that she was fighting. "Do you think I should stay too?"
"Hey, I take offense to that!" She paused as she narrowed her eyes. "I'm good with explosives. And if I don't get it, you'll be stuck with charming old me!"
"Oh, God, get a room!" Clint cried as he dropped a box of whatever he was carrying. The Box clanged as it hit the floor, shattering whatever was inside. It sounded like a box full of glass.
"Why are you out of bed, Dollface?" James asks as he tries to get the genius back into bed. His grip is soft but firm, and it's hard to put up much of a fight against the former assassin. "You need to be resting."
Before Toni realized what happened, the asshole was pushed off her and she stumbled back without the weight on her arm. She looked around to see what the hell had happened, and there to her surprised stood Barnes. The sight of him pissed her off, even if it was a relief.
"I do." Rhodes said. "This could help Toni, though I'm not going to enjoy the ass chewing that I'm going to get from her when she get back." His tone changed slightly whenever he spoke about Toni. It always changed when he talked about her. It was clear that Toni was important to him.
At the same time, the other one had gone to get a wet clothe and another bucket of ice water. She glanced at the bucket, knowing what was going to happen next. They were going to water-board her, and that stole her breath, which she was struggling to hold anyhow, away from her. Her already weak heart was beating way too fast and she wondered if she was going to have a heart attack; however, she wasn't going to give in. "I won't tell you anything," she croaked. Her voice sounded like someone was stepping on her throat.
"You're lucky I don't slung you," she said, waving her fist at him. "Never kiss a girl without permission."
Before you all stoned me, I would like to say it took me longer to proof this bitch than to write it. Granted, it started at 6,000 words, and when i proved it, it jumped to 9,000 words.
Rhodes closed his eyes before reaching for Toni, resting a hand on her shoulder. He squeezed her shoulders softly as he glanced toward Pepper. "Let's drop this. We don't want to say something we will regret."
This was where it all spiraled down for everyone in the room, and this was where he was making it worse for him. He was never one to put his own foot in his mouth, but he knew he was doing it right there. However, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't stop himself.
A snickering Natasha and laughing Bruce caught Rhodes' attention as he turned to the chuckling duo. "Oh, Romanoff," he called. "When you give Toni the shovel talk, go easy. She's…" he paused, drifting off. "She…" He shook his, fighting against saying something. "…Without Pepper…"
"Romanoff," he uttered, though he knew there were a better time and place for this. He didn't want Rumlow or his men to over hear this, but he couldn't go into battle like this, not if she wanted to kill him.
He allowed her to get pass him. "It won't settle your mind." He watched her as she wobbled toward a window. "It will just make it worse," he said, getting to his feet.
"Geez, Rogers. You're no fun," Natasha chuckles as she takes a seat on a beanbag near Wanda and Vision.
It pissed her off that he was mad at her. Why was he allowed to be angry at her for being out without a coat? She was a growth ass woman and she didn't need a parent.
"Let's get you back," he replied, as he started to get to his feet, bringing Toni with him. "You're cranky and negative when you're sleepy."
Steve took a deep breath. "That stupid cube." He hated that damn thing with every fiber of his being. It was the cause of everything that went horribly wrong.
Steve ran his hand through his hair. "Let's get to work, and worry about SHIELD later. We need to find Toni." He crossed to the case and opened one of the case. He stared at the equipment, unsure of what any of the items were or how they worked.
The genius put the larger fatter one under her arm, trying to hide her chills, before she took the second. It was much thinner, and Toni thought for a second that it was empty. "What is this?" she asked, looking inside.
Toni knew he a point—at least, he was trying to get them to see-, but it was harder said than done. However, she was willing to give it a try, because she was done feel like crap. With support, she was willing to allow herself be happy, and she would like to think she had taken a step in the right direction.
For Steve, he walked behind Dugan ready to catch the old unstable man, who looked like he would fall over. Steve didn't think he had ever walked this slowly before and it boggled the mind that someone could walk this leisurely. He eyed Dugan swaying form, unable to get over how old and close to death he was. "So tell me how–"
Director Fury walked into a small conference room, where Natasha and Clint were waiting. "Have you found anything out about Stark yet?" he asked the two highly trained assassins.
Taking the full force of the Iron Man suit, the man didn't dodge, which was raising all kind of red flags. Toni could feel the man buckle slightly from the force, but he caught her like a football and handled her like a pro. If given the chance, she could probably force him against the wall and do some real damage, because he could only hold her for so long like this. He didn't give her a chance. With the help of her own force, he hurled her like a rag doll against the wall. The sound of metal hitting a brick wall was horrible, and it felt even worst. She was seeing stars for a second time that night as her head bounced off the wall hard a few times. "You're going to have to do better than that," Toni uttered, pushing off the wall and leaving an imprint behind.
Was she really that readable? "I think it would be best," she said, knowing it would be useless to deny it now.
"I think we can lose someone in the amount of wrapping paper in here," Barton teased as he looked around the room. It was everywhere, including in the large Christmas tree. It was sticking out the branches in every direction and at every height as if someone was lauching it at the tree. There was even a pile of paper to the left of them.
"I don't know if a nickname from Toni is always a good thing," Peggy said, as she stepped to her them. Being in heels, she stepped awkwardly on the balls of her feet.
She raised her eye brow and again, she cursed in her mind. She really didn't belong in this time period, and she would go crazy if she stayed here for too long. "Because I'm awesome."
be concerned, but she couldn't find it in her to care—not now. With the needle inches to her neck, she just wanted to punch someone. Granted, she wanted to punch everyone in the face at the moment, and her discomfort wasn't helping matters. "That don't you suck?"
Toni was back in front of the mirror, glaring at her hair. It was a total mess, and there wasn't thing that she could really do with so. "Maybe, I should cut it." She exhaled as she rubbed her temple. "Ew," she groaned as she noticed her wrist. There was dried blood crusted onto her wrist from when she tried to escape from the handcuff. She had forgotten that she had cut her wrist. "I should clean that, but first the hair."
