It didn't take long for the two of them to get undressed and laying on Steve's bed. The soldier hovering over Tony's body, almost as if he was protecting him.
The young girl, Maria, threw some buttery pieces of pancake toward him. To which, Steve had to intervene. "Hey, Hey! Honey what've told you about throwing food?".
"Well then I guess, I'm the fool then. For honestly believing that I could actually help the great Tony Stark." Steve's eyes began to grow with tears, "All I want to do now is to not fight with you anymore. Jesus, I wish I didn't even know you anymore! But... what's saddening about all of it, is I know that in my heart. I won't be able to follow through with it.".
Then for the rest of the day, he was stuck at the Avengers compound. Mostly working with Happy on some ‘fighting’ techniques.
They all nodded. For the first time, The Avengers felt like genuine friends. They all took a sigh of relief, and headed out. The team really was struggling to keep their mindsets straight. But the guilt, and grief were in rule, and none of them were fighting it. They all felt remorseful, Bruce even considered leaving. But Steve was not finished just yet. No one would've found that little girl, if it wasn't for them, well if it wasn't for Bruce. It was that determination, that the team kept their eyes open, and there ears listening. Steve really wanted to find some more people to help.
"He's doing good for someone who's dealing with a lot," Sam answered quietly. Realizing that he might be listening.
"Christ... Tony what are you thinking?! Like... What? Do you not love Pepper anymore?" Clint whispered aggravatingly. He knew a lot of Tony's background. Hell, everyone did. But not to this extent.
However, with Steve retaliating the entire time. Grabbing Tony's face and trying to push it away from his. But the philanthropist wasn't letting up though.
Steve drove to Tony's lake house the next morning, arriving at exactly 8 a.m sharp. He knocked softly on the doorframe before waiting patiently. Glancing around, Steve couldn't help but notice how different the place seemed since the last time he was here. Different in not the decoration, but the feeling of the place.
Suddenly a door closing upstairs made him twirl around. "Pepper, is that you?" He called. He had hoped that it was his wife. His love, his admiration, his damn... everything! But coming into view, was a casually dressed Steve.
And Steve knew why. The other just wanted him to not fall down the same path he did. To which, Steve can recall very clearly. He remembers all those late nights Tony would spend in the lab, back at the tower. Never eating, sleeping very little, the constant look of exhaustion day in day out. It always pulled at the former soldier's heartstrings.
Walking past Fury and Thor, she first apologized for not being around to help. Yet Fury simply denied it, as it wasn't her fault. He then told her of Tony's behavior, and pointed to the science lab. She thanked him, and off she went. Walking up to the doorway, she could see him inside, utterly hypnotized by the scepter in front of him. Pepper knocked, he noticed, and let her in.
Tony gave him a suspecting smile, "Oh, well we are doing just fine. No not fine, we're doing great." He answered, "Why did you want to know?".
“We, Well I, thought we should... do something so that you can feel comfortable again.” He continued.
A popping noise is what drew Tony back to the present day. He rubbed his eyes a bit, not realizing that his staring out into the embers, drew his eyes up a bit.
Suddenly, the glass broke. The energy roaring like Godzilla, as it began to swarm the building with its vengeful shots of energy. Becoming a symphony of blue and purple hues. An energy blast that sent one of the agents to the ground, got the trio's attention.
"Please at least know that I was only wanting to do it because you and I both know are ways of comfort are rather strange." Steve joked. He hoped that it would relieve the tension. But it didn't. He already screwed it up, so why make things worse.
Once in the doorway, he had a gun to a little kid's head, with the mother and her baby cowering in the kitchen. Natasha was about to protest, but the man hit the gun to the back of the kid's head. "No!" She screamed, before following the man into one of the bedrooms.
The brunet, who hadn't even noticed the property yet, looked to him as if Steve had said something in a different language. Tony, then brought his eyes to it. They were both now staring at this dilapidated farmhouse tucked away off of a nearby suburb.
"Mr. Stark, I've had my fair share of off days, and today took the top of the list. So if you don't mind, could you please just tell me why you're here?".
The brunette giggled in response. He was home, in bed. With his husband laying softly next to him. There was nothing to worry about. He was fine.
Tony's face looked away for a moment. The soldier trying to understand what Tony was thinking. Reading his face almost urgently, but it was pointless. The brunet shot out a breath and looked back to Steve.
As the two men continued the exploration of each other's mouths, Tony had already started to shift hands to Steve's neck, back, chest, even his navel. The soldier began to giggle and gently grabbed the philanthropist's hands. "Not yet.".
Tony just stood there awkwardly. He was hoping for a more professional answer. But an 'Alright Then' was fine enough for him.
Once the two men were now in their vulnerable position, it was time to see if they were true to their word. They weren't stopping, so I guess that answers that question. The two souls just faced each other and felt so connected than they ever did before.
Steve rolled his eyes, smiling once more, and glanced over the crowd. He then crossed his arms and now was looking directly at Tony.
Tony shakes his hand in agreement. At least they've grown into making deals now. "You guys done yet?" Nat questioned amusingly.
The driver's hand suddenly shot up. "Wait... I guess I should do some courtesy." He began, "Look, I know that it wasn't your guy's fault. My own suffering was wanting someone to blame, and yet it chose the people who were trying to save... M-Maggie's life.".
Tony Stark didn't want to admit it. But there it was, sitting in his mind, playing like a broken record. His most deepest, hated, yet cherished secret.
The super-soldier definitely found it odd, that all these beds had been left in the house. Along with a few other things downstairs as well. Like the chalkboard left in the laundry room, the dusty table in the kitchen, and a rocking chair in the attic. All these random left here and the previous owners, or hell even the landlord, didn’t think to take them out of the house. It was just a little suspicious, to say the least. However, Steve wasn't going to let that wreck his view of his new home.
Steve felt himself groan, as he awoke to the sun blinding his eyes. He would've considered it a beautiful sight to see, if it wasn't masked over with the putrid smell of the motel room. Raising his hand, he let it rest on his face, before sitting up altogether.
No life-threatening battle, no urgent calls for help, no past issues to deal with. It was honestly the first time that Steve and Tony were able to clean out all their dirty laundry. And still had time to try and resolve it.
The super-soldier brought his hands up to hug the philanthropist, only to hesitate as Tony was still bed-ridden. "I can't believe your alive, you selfish bastard!".
The trio waited a few more moments, until Steve gave the signal to go. Sam was the first to head down, seemingly sweeping across the container before bringing out the guns. He got a few of the agents before their weapons sent a blast to his right-wing.
Sarah let the clanging and chewing continue for a little bit. With the utter pain-filled confession festering her mind like a virus. Any other chance at another conversation would be enveloped by the thought. So finally, she decided to come clean, if not for her, but for Steve.
All in all, Steve had been a lot more stressed out, and in desperate need of something more than just vent talks with Clint.
That one stung. But she wasn't wrong either. Steve knew how people viewed the Avengers. Especially after Thanos's decimation in 2018. And he knew Ziggy's words were out of hurt, rejection, abandonment.
“Okay then. How about this?” Steve proposed, “I’ll take the doll, and pretend to be mad about it, like I’m punishing you. I’ll hide it for the day. And by the end of it, I’ll sneak it back to you and I won’t ask you to share it again. I’ll just tell Tina to find another toy to play with.”.
The teenager scoffed, then wiped her nose and sat up straight looking away momentarily. She then brought her gaze back to the super-soldier. This time her eyes were more like daggers. Before the soldier could elaborate further, Ziggy had cut him off.
"Yeah, you did good out there, Kamala," Steve interjected. His tone filled with a bit of his constant worry for the girl. Kamala thanked him nonetheless.
Another time, he believed it to be the Avengers. And that one stayed for only a short while, till the Accords situation.
Sam screamed in pain, but took his right fist to the man's jaw. The agent stumbled back, but Sam continued his punches onto him. Sam eventually fought his way back to Steve and Natasha.
After a few more minutes of slow, soft thrusts, Tony was no longer wincing. 'The pain must've subsided' Steve thought. A new sound came from the philanthropist's lips, while also blissfully filling Steve's ears.
This doesn't amuse Tony. He knows he's an asshole outwardly just as much inwardly. But leaving Steve in the dust, without speaking to him isn't foreign to Tony.
His mind finally bringing back the reality of last night. All the emotions, all the feelings, all the rawness. And to him, it was strangely entertaining. The familiarity of the situation, mostly coinciding with his actual first time, all those years ago.
He stared at the sofa, relishing in the memory. Probably looking like a complete idiot to anyone hopefully not watching. But he didn't care.
Tony smiled back and sat down next to Morgan. He wanted them to have a nice family breakfast. And that was perfectly fine with Pepper.
That beautiful home, with its wrap-around porch, and it's maroon-colored, wood-carved, structure. A light, near the backside of the house, barely illuminating its existence, among the darkness that surrounded it. Another dimmer light coming from the front end.
Even then, it was always something he dusted off from the closet, nothing fancy, just simplistic. So you can imagine everyone's reaction when he came down in an expensive denim Capstone Italian jacket with some denim pants; a red turtleneck underneath, black suede shoes, and a midnight leather belt with an encrusted buckle in the middle.
It honestly felt weird to the super-soldier to be speaking of him in such a manner.  As if there wasn't this distance between them. And it felt kind of nice.
“We checked out his house, over in Brooklyn.” Tony began, “And yet, I felt completely comfortable with him the entire time. I really don’t know why? I just felt safe.”
Once the duo carefully walked outside, the trucks were gone, the agents were gone, everything was gone. It was as if nothing was there. A ghost town for sure.
He was about to tell her his situation, but the comfort that she truly tried to show was not rubbing off on Tony. His body or really his mind, suddenly began waging war inside him, to not say anything. He was confused at first, until it hit him why. It never dawned on Tony that he never really felt comforted by Pepper. You could say that before, near his Iron Man beginnings, that he felt it. But lately, it just wasn't there as it once was. I guess this would be the 3rd oddest occurrence of the day. Tony began to breathe heavily. He wanted to tell her that he didn't feel comfortable at all, but couldn't.
Nevertheless, Steve wipes his tear driven eyes and looked back outside. This time on the other side of the home. Where Bruce was able to salvage some of the time machine left.
Steve was just so happy. He didn’t even know where to start! The feeling of just walking in here on moving day, itching at him aggressively.
Unbeknownst to him, Tony, who arrived just after Nat and Steve's discussion, was standing behind him smirking. He found Steve acting nervous kind of adorable. After Steve thanked the confused employee, Nat, Pepper, had sat at the other end of the table. Fury and Hill behind them, were talking privately amongst each other.
“Rogers, where the hell do you think you're going?” Sam protested. His friend just shushed him, and they continued their trek down the tunnel.
Once their laughing subsided, Steve finally sat at one of the empty chairs by the table. There was one opposite his, that seemed to be occupied beforehand, but wasn't anymore.
"Yeah, especially before it gets colder. Heard on the news that the high today is going to be like 56 degrees!" Jenny added.
Steve didn't answer, as Tony was well ahead up the stairs to the first set of apartments. The philanthropist came up to the door, and turned around, waiting for the 'man out of time' to catch up. He smiled as Steve smugly walked up to him.
Because amongst the chaos came the self-loathing stages as well. Steve sometimes felt that he should've been more involved in those situations instead of just sitting here and doing nothing at all. Letting his friends deal with these issues head-on, felt selfish of him.
Steve was about to call them back, before a familiar sound made his heart skip a beat. Looking up they could see a Shield airship landing before them. This sent some of the crowds fleeing. The powerful air pressure coming from the propellers sent some more broken concrete down onto the ground. One piece barely missing a few shop owners. The Avengers felt a wave of disappointment fall upon them.
Which only confused Tony even more now. Why was he smiling? What was the 'not that simple' bullshit? Seriously, what the hell was going on?
But here he was, on his back, on a surprisingly uncomfortable sofa, letting Steve Rogers make love to him. Because intriguingly, that's what it was.
The young woman began to wring her hands, and move her weight from one foot to the other. "It's okay Kamala. Just be cool." She told herself.
Wanda chuckled before wishing Nat some good luck. She turned the key in the ignition, and sped down the roads back to her apartment.
"Cap, I may have been many things in my life. But a dumbass isn't one of them." Tony shifted his weight off the wall.
And so, he packed a bag and snuck down, rather efficiently, to a nearby airship. Climbing aboard, he knew the controls rather well, but still was questioning a couple big levers. He sat his bag down near the pilot seat, and was about to close the back hatch.
Seriously, she wore a plain black jacket, some rather comfortable tights, black Adidas, and a random maroon-colored baseball cap. But for the final touch, she threw a pair of dark shades across her eyes.
Steve looked at Tony's alerted expression. Taking in every single crinkle of skin, as a sign of disaster. Could their interaction been nothing but a simple one night stand? No, of course not! They were just fine this morning!
His mind raced for a memory. Or, any explanation for why they have it, and of all places, down here. Especially one that doesn't like to be touched. Like Tony's heard that one before.
"Well there's a lot of things you don't know.” Steve paused for a moment, “And honestly... I think it's time we bury the hatchet.".
So she joined the group in pushing down the metal. Suddenly, Tony came inside, in the nick of time. He could hear screaming through his comms, and of course, no one is answering. Which in turn, he rushed back to where there were. He could clearly hear the screams from where he stood, and flew into the building.
“I know. I tell him all the time that we’re fine. And that there’s nothing he could’ve done. But when I have ‘my days’ I try to stay away from him as much as possible.”
Steve was beginning to protest, but Tony cut him off. “No Cap, it was inappropriate of me. I should’ve been a little bit more sensitive about it. It was a rough time for us. I’m truly sorry, Steve.”.
Steve scoffed, before moving his hand from Tony's waist to his own member. The philanthropist seemingly cheesed and situated himself further.
He mouthed the words, "Love You!". Cupping his hands to the sides of his mouth, to imitate the action of yelling.
Whatever his actual feelings were toward Steve. They were shattered once Thanos snapped his fingers, and he lost not only Peter, but half of the damn population on Earth. His greatest fear actually came true.
Thinking quickly, he blurted, "I d-don't want you to leave... Steve.". Tony knew that after all that turmoil, his heart was hurting for the blonde. He knew that Steve was right. He desirably wanted his comfort again. "I... I want... you..." he croaked, "Please, stay...".
Always hearing about the amazing Spider-Man running the streets of New York, Queens, and even Brooklyn as well. Which made the soldier feel happy and a bit relieved that someone is at least looking over his hometown in his absence. Truly, he wouldn't have wanted anyone else but Peter. He knew those streets better than any other Avenger.
For whatever reason, Nat will never understand why she became friends with this man. Truthfully, he is charming, and funny, and... yeah that's about it.
"I'm sorry. I really am, Nat. But I made a promise to Pepper. I just got her back. I don't want to lose her again." He confessed softly.
The young woman wore a shamrock dress with a bedazzled lightning bolt on the front. A green layer of see-through fabric covered her arms, and neck, ending at her wrists and collarbone. Her hair was done in the style of half up half down, and a simple red veil was wrapped around her back and hung along her arms.
This was it. Steve opened his car door and sat one foot on the ground. He took another deep breath. His other foot hit the ground a little too harshly. Another deep breath. Now he was out of the car.
Steve and Sam crawled to a conveniently placed bush, along the sides of the shelter. Amongst the shelter and Hydra associates, there was a beat-up, 5-story building, a few bunkers, and trucks loaded with more agents.
Steve looked up, not even realizing he was looking down the entire time. The question came from Tony, of course. "What?".
"Romanov, does it look like I care about his damn love life. In fact, I believe it was the same issue with his 'love life' that almost made his relationship flop in the first place." Fury stated.
"Those 5 years. I-I abandoned you! I abandoned you all. I didn't prepare you guys to live without me?!" Steve shuddered.
Everyone else who came to his funeral stood idly by, or simply left after the ceremony. Any of the remaining Avengers were getting ready for 'Put back the stones' mission. Which pretty much consisted of Bruce, Bucky, and Sam.
The two men just continued shooting to the crate. Cracks, and holes began to shrivel Nat's hiding spot.
Aunt May must’ve been working late, as she didn’t answer. He took out his spare keys and opened the door into the darkened room.
"What about the people in New York?" Steve questioned. Fury was about to answer until finally Tony spoke up.
"It's about this 'house hunting' thing. I can't seem to find any that I like. I honestly don't even know if I'm doing it all correctly." Steve explained, "SHIELD picked this place out for me, so I haven't had much experience with this. So, I was wondering if you'd come with me tomorrow and help me.".
He lifted his hand to touch it. The aura was enveloping him now. His fingers were mere millimeters away from its glass-like surface. Suddenly, Tony was zapped with a pulsating sting.
He tripped and stumbled through the small room, that was littered with papers, some mechanical pieces, and Cap's suit. For which, he threw it there as a sign of pure exhaustion from yesterday's events.
"Tony... Do you... uh?" Steve darted his eyes to their 'Special Areas', "I mean, would you like to have sex... w-with me?".
Steve and Sam couldn’t hold their laughs. They really tried to, even Sam was trying to hide his obvious tears filling up his eyes.
The footsteps, however, didn't sound as if they were coming toward him. They sounded as if there were leaving him. This means that creature was most likely standing behind him the entire time. The footsteps stop. There is a sound that follows. It is that of a creaking door, opening. Steve tried his best to search for the sound, but he nearly knocks the chair over. And then succeeded.
"Look at me, Steve!" The blonde steadily brought his eyes to Tony's, "What have I told you?! What happened on A-day, and damn near everything afterward, is everyone's fault. I didn't have to cut off everyone I knew! We are all responsible for our actions.".
The duo smiled and laughed in response. Then came the jokes. “Did you see the guy’s face though. He was like, ‘Hey get back here! You assholes!’” Sam stated with the guy’s thick London accent.
And as Natasha and Steve headed to the quinjet, one question remained in their heads. Or really dozens of them.
Nevertheless, Tony was quite comfortable with how much has changed in the last 4 years. But still, one thing remained the same. Steve Rogers.
She returning the favor, actually gave Tony a hug. This was very strange coming from someone like Romanoff, but none the less. It was nice. Yet it turned somberly, as he could hear Nat begin to sniffle.
The room itself, seemed to regenerate from the decimated, dirty, area into a clean, divine looking, place. But what the nostalgic Captain found interesting about this memory was that it was around the holidays. So the room was slightly decked out in some Christmas tinsel, and some red candles burned along the table.
Steve lets the usual promiscuous events to follow afterward, clear out his brain noise as he finally reaches the entrance to the boathouse. He slides the massive, main doors to it open, and heads inside. Firstly, he walks to each post and tightens the rigging on each of them.
Sure back in the day, Tony could say he had a little crush on Steve. But I mean who wouldn't really? But that only changed when Steve had supposedly died. Tony knew during those agonizing years the true nature of his feelings. Yet, when Steve returned, all he cared about was keeping him safe. Essentially sending his feelings for the soldier down the drain.
Steve playfully shoved him, and the two men entered the dark home. Walking carefully, the duo blindly searched for any sign of a light switch. To their luck, Tony was able to stumble upon one.
If you were to ask Steve about what he did each day, this would be the gist. This, was his day to day, morning routine. Get up, give some beautiful affection to Tony and the kids, get the kids dressed, head outside and let the dog loose to roam the property; and finally, check the grounds with a final walk through the boathouse.
"I was wondering. Umm, if you're still needing a roommate? Because I kind of already knew that you were needing some." Peter looked visibly nervous.
Who, already had a distressed leather coat, combat boots, and a simple blue trapper hat, on. "No, it's okay. I promise.".
“Steve, we needed the car. He probably has a ride somehow, someway. He’ll be alright.” Sam confided.
Wanda instantly agreed. She stood proudly from her chair and rushed to her car. Vision had to know her brilliant plan. At least before he made any more big decisions while she was gone.
"I'm sorry, that was... unnecessary. I'm just really worried is all. Don't ask me why, I don't really know either. Maybe your finally rubbing off on me." Steve apologized.
The space between them began to slowly close. Steve’s breathing began to hitch. What were they doing?! But a sound from afar, separated them quickly.
So Steve swallowed his pride and asked Tony if he would just sleep with him. They'd rest on opposite sides of the bed and if one had moved onto the other, then they'd softly place them back onto their side. Hell, they already had planned to do this once back at Clint's farmhouse. But were never able to go through with it, thankfully, once Fury showed up with some information about Ultron.
Tony and Annalise were down the hallway and walking into the front bedroom when Steve had finally noticed their obvious distance. He walked closer to the two and finally took an interest in what she was saying.
"Uh, yes you can. The coffee machine is over there." Tony answered. His voice was similar to Steve's.
"Okay then, Steve. May I ask why your all alone, and are sad by one of the worst places to be sad at?" She crossed her feet and leaned against the table behind the two. Her veil dropping to her lower back.
“And that’s my point. You want to help him. You want to do all these things for him. Because you feel guilty. You miss him, you miss his friendship.” Sam attested, “Give it time, man. Eventually, you’ll hash your shit with him, and you guys can become friends again.”.
Steve. Steven Grant Rogers was his full name. But generally, his friends always called him, simply, Steve. This is who took up most of the bed currently. And who, now stirred a little, until eventually waking up altogether.
Steve and Tony, or really any of the Avengers would not speak to each other for a while. Their kiss would become a distant memory, that eventually turned into a forgotten story. It wasn't until 2 years after-the-fact, that Fury and Maria would need them again, that they would see each other again. And that's when the real trouble began.
Yet there he was going. Right up to the large doors leading into the main foyer of the building. He pushed one of the doors inward, and instantly froze.
Yet, as the day came to a close and nothing was ever said about either's experiences. It seemed not telling just became a lot easier.
'If this is what I'm doing, then I'm going to do it. Home is Home, is what Sam told me. My old one is gone. I need, or really want, to find another.' Steve thought.
"That's the thing. She... Ma never gave it a name. Even when I would ask around Brooklyn. Nobody knew the name of the ship in this tale." Steve faltered off.
Steve then asked why she was roaming around that part of the ship as well. Her expression changed, and she took a glance back. Steve presumed it to be the science lab. His thoughts proceeded to tell him Pepper's answer, Tony.
His hands all black and rusty looking. The grease stains all over his face and arms. The sliver of tongue he would show when he was in 'the zone'. Steve sometimes, would let a snicker leave his lips. Only for Tony to rearrange his face, and look more 'tough'.
Tony was completely infatuated with the man. And so screwed in the process, literally and metaphorically.
And it made Steve feel almost unworthy to see this side of him. They had only just met, and yet, the blonde could tell that the brunet did not do this to people randomly.
That night, Bruce drove her to the Avengers tower. Where Cho and Fury hooked her up to the machine. Bruce would supervise her actions, day and night. Hoping that no brain damage was missed. As it still was in early development. They would not practice for another month, as Bruce couldn't shake away his emotions of almost losing her again. And on this night, they were back, and strong.
The only person this didn’t apply to was Peter. Who had a place to go back to if he had messed up pretty badly. And Peter decided to come and live with Steve, not the other way around.
"Steve... Please tell me you plan not to have an affair with this man. I mean I couldn't care less, but... Pepper!" She whispered aggravated.
When Tony took you in as a friend, it was the equivalent of sending his heart to that person. You were pretty much in charge of it; making sure that no one would damage it. And Steve certainly did just that.
"Well, I—uh, heard it from Mr. Stark. But he said that he heard it from someone else." Peter recited, "I think he said the guy is a friend of yours. But I didn't know, that
Natasha obliged and looked through Clint's wallet. Clint and Maria do not take their eyes off of the driver, as he extends his hand behind his seat. He may have calmed down, but you never know. She found a few twenties, not caring that it was overpaying, and sat them in his hand. Clint slightly pouted, since he just lost twenty bucks, but relented as he did feel pity for the father.
Could they both be unnerved by the same thing? Maybe, but knowing Steve, something was always bothering him. If Tony was honest, if it weren't for their friendship, he would've assumed that Steve's constant worrying was simply work-related. The undying need to protect the people and follow orders.
Tony felt a little chill up his spine, on how Steve addressed that last part. To him, it seemed that there was a ton of remorse still left, but was closed off with a false face. Tony could see that Cap’s relationship with his mother, was eerily like his.
The dialing sound stopped, and she heard his voice. The flooding memories of Germany and the Accords followed soon. Which is why, she sounded rather quiet when she answered his 'hello' with a 'hi'.
He faltered off. Not knowing what else to say. Because really what else was there to say? Steve knew, so why not just save Tony the embarrassment of it all and just say that he did.
The curtain began to slide. The hooks scrapped against the rod, as the curtain connected to the wall. Tony turned to face his honey, only to see a wall. He gazed in confusion. His attention was then brought to the bedroom. He could hear someone in the covers. To aroused to question what happened. He slid under the sheets, ready to see Pepper, in all of her beauty.
"That's the thing though Pepper. Did I really? I could've picked a number of things to help Tony. But apparently, our ‘situation’ was the only way." He added.
Tony laughed at his comment and rested his hand on the soldier's shoulder. The two men once again, falling into their gazing. The room, once again, silent. The only sounds being, that of, their breathing.
"What? Did I get toilet paper stuck to my shoe?" Tony questioned, while immediately looking to his foot. No toilet paper. He looked back up to the two, confused. "What is it?".
! Now, normally this wasn't much of a big deal to someone like Steve. I mean he slept in the barracks for God’s sake. But this was different. This was Tony Stark, the man that Steve has, most recently, been admiring. A man who’s influenced Steve’s life, time and time again. And here this man was, sleeping next to Steve so domestically, when they both have been running on a 4-5 month-long rehabilitation situation. It didn’t help that the way Tony was sleeping honestly sent butterflies into Steve's stomach.
"All the hospitals are relentlessly full, both in the emergency room, and morgue." Officer Wright of the Manhattan Police Dept. stated morbidly, "Honestly, when we find dead bodies now. We just say a few words, and then toss them into the ocean.".
The two agreed and up they went quarter-turn staircase. The stairs going right shortly after the landing. Once on the second floor, they had noticed the second floor wrapped around the front bay window, leaving an immense amount of space for a Hubbardton Forge chandelier to hang exquisitely. The men also had counted six rooms in total. Two on the left side, one on the front-right end, with the master bedroom and bath on the back-right end of the home.
The two then wrestled back & forth, scuffing into the main foyer. Where they both bumped into Steve, who looked at them with an annoyed expression. Annie was the first to flee, not wanting the blonde to take the doll. The soldier followed after her.
The two stood silent for a moment. Bruce then chose his next words very carefully. "Is this really about gaining closure, or just to make you feel better, Steve?".
His blue eyes slowly took in the scenery as well. Instantly looking to Tony's arm, now on his lower stomach. He began to take short breaths, seemingly nervous about something.
"No worries. But I'm afraid that we'll have to decline on the house." As soon as Tony said those words, Steve felt a little better knowing that he wouldn't have to turn down another landlord.
"I'm this understanding, because you had the balls to actually come and speak to me about it. Not once, but twice." Pepper finally smiled at the soldier, "Just don't have sex with my husband again, or I'll castrate you both.".
Before, Steve would've told you that he felt strangely comfortable walking onto Tony's property. He sure as hell wasn't happy to talk to Tony then, let alone convince him of their plan at the time. But the way Tony presented himself alongside the beauty of the house itself. The feeling, to Steve, could only be described as familiar and domestic.
That was until a knock came at his door. It was Stark. Steve looked a little confused. Their first interactions with each other weren't pleasant or inviting to say the least. So it was a little strange to see him at his door, late at night, nearly 4 hours from where he last saw him, in New York.
For everyone this morning, if you weren't feeling your hands or seeing your breath. Then your mind must've frozen over. Sometime in the early morning, the Chimera's initiator cores lost power momentarily. In doing so, all necessities, like the temperature being set at 70 degrees exactly, was compromised. The "How" on the initiator cores malfunctioning was the current topic/discussion in the common area.
No answer. She felt her breathing stop, and become irregular short intakes. But her entire body froze, once she entered into the market and looked to the shop. And noticed the other crates were missing.
“No, you're fine. It’s just, the last year... hasn’t been the greatest. And I’m honestly ready for the New Year to come.” Tony acknowledged. It sounded as if he was stumbling with his words. But he gave the teen a warm smile.
The pictures of a certain Super-Soldier, Russian Spy, and Winged companion that were dispersed along this board. With pins and threads of rope connecting them to certain locations around the map, that sat as the backdrop.
The blonde first called Tony. His ears picking up Tony's dazed voice once the ringing stopped. Albeit, a little amazed at how Tony was awake. But the philanthropist has thrown all-nighters before.
The door flung open, and energy blasts smoked the room up. Some hydra agents fell to the floor, while the duo retreated to the next room. Unharmed, the two men took this chance to strategize their escape plan.
The compound scrimmage was truly one for the history books. And in the end, it was all worth it. Was it though? Natasha was gone, Tony lost most of his right arm, and the world's population had increased uncontrollably.
'Honestly why? Why do I keep running after this man?' He thought laughingly, as he too ran back into the house.
Oh, how that smile was going to be the death of Tony. "Not really. But if you ever want it, I can still give it to you.".
Steve did hand motion for Sam to fly to the other side. His companion nodded in response, and quietly flew to the other side undetected. Steve held his hand to his ear, ready to call Nat.
But with that question, his mind shot him back to their situation in the farmers market. Steve honestly felt a bit of annoyance by it. He wanted to stay in his mind, in his thoughts. His thoughts toward Siberia, toward Tony Stark.
Down the hall were some rooms. Each room he passed had the distinct sounds of the many ways to talk. One room was insults mostly, another was compliments. That is until, he stopped in front of his and Pepper's room. The light was on, and water seeped from the doorknob. It was silent on the other side. This slightly unnerved him. He turned the knob, wondering if he should turn back around. 'Too late now' he uttered. He looked inside, it was fine. Nothing was out of place.
The brunet was still, lying on his stomach, with his hands resting above him. His face was barely visible as it was blocked by the fluffiest pillow Steve's ever seen in a hotel.
It did. He set his book down and rubbed his hands against his face in aggravation. Tony didn’t even need to be here for himself to make Steve aggravated.
The agent, and Sam stumbled into the foyer, both crashing into the staircase. With the agent down, Sam and Steve took this time to bind his hands quickly, and lift him onto his feet.
"We kissed, and to me... it felt, a bit intriguing. Albeit, a bit more eventful than usual." Steve continued, with a sigh of hilarity. Maybe if the soldier took their act a bit more light-heartedly, it could help Tony ease more. The philanthropist took a slow breath, and continued with his confession.
Even now, as he held a huge piece of lumber and was carrying it down to the greenhouse. The snow crunching under his boots, with the peering rays of dusk illuminating the sky above. Their beautiful home sitting idly behind him.
Natasha has let these insults beat her up mercilessly from the safety of her subconscious. Which is why, after a few hours, she finally uttered a sentence to her companion. "What are we going to do, Steve?". Her voice barely giving off any strength.
"Then what, Tony! Please, that's why I came out here! What can I do to make you feel better?". Steve's tone suddenly grew with remorse and compassion. His face gave a caring look until he saw Tony's. Which just read: rage.
"Tony, I... for once, don't have anything to say. I think you pretty much solved it yourself. In a way, I guess I was... Or am like a... comforting booster."
Steve exited the room. But not before placing another kiss on Tony's forehead. Leaving the philanthropist alone and cold once more.
Natasha Romanoff was a very understanding person. Throughout her life she's been very considerate of peoples lives and their deepest thoughts. It doesn't mean she wasn't a saint toward their feelings.
But before they could decipher what they were seeing. An older man slammed the crate shut, and started cursing them in Russian. Which of course, Natasha stood smugly, as she could understand most of what he was calling them. While Sam just stood dumbfounded, and honestly wanted to just rip the damn box in half, to see what was inside.
Steve's eyes finally met Tony's. His blond hair coming into view, as his face was mere centimeters from Tony's.
Once Tony was situated, Steve began his entry. The brunette took some deep breaths, but it wasn't long till he winced. He took one of his hands, and pressed it against one of Steve's arms, in response to the painful sensation.
"Yes... he, just, said, that he was tired, and incredibly exhausted." Steve said matter of factly. Pepper didn't look convinced, but she didn't feel like prying... again. She thought a lot about last night, and her actions toward Tony. Maybe she was coming off strong. So she simply smiled, and gave him the 'awkward handshake' as gratitude. Steve chuckled at this, and Nat's smile turned into a look of concern. Something suddenly bothered her, and Steve noticed it immediately.
Yet, every single time he tells Tony this. The brunette always reminds him, that he would never return to fame if Steve wasn't at his side. Not as his teammate, but as his significant other.
Tony wasn't meeting his eyes, nor was he saying anything. This made Steve begin to feel uncomfortable. "What is it, Stark?".
He literally broke the man. Broke his friendship, broke his trust... broke his heart. And that's truly one, of the very little, regrets Steve has in life. One that he hopes to fix in the near future.
Steve winced at her words. She was right. She was so right! "I know. And I'm sorry. I know that doesn't mean much, it's just words. An-And-words, can't change the fact that I had sex with your husband. That I completely took advantage of your statement for my own selfish desire. And I'm sorry, Pepper.".
Steve's ocean-like, heart-aching, blue, eyes; chiseled chin, bruised and bloody; and his hot yet, icy breath grazing his face. All of which summed up one word: Remorse. Even in the heat of the moment, Steve instantly felt sorrowful, destroyed, and remorseful.
He pointed into the kitchen, and from where Steve could see; the coffee machine sat alone on the counter, amongst nothing else in the vicinity of it.
Steve noticed the brunette's strange behavior. Now he knew something was up. He leaned further to hopefully get Tony's attention. Nothing. The blonde knew now, that he was going to have to say something.
Its shimmering exterior had not changed since the last time he saw it. Parking lot was still not packed, the bar stools were still filled with happy-go-lucky people, and one employee doing the night shift. So really nothing different.
Tony, at first, was a little shocked at the blonde's advancement, but once he looked to his face. All discomfort flew away. He actually smugly smiled, at the sheer thought that he made 'Captain America' dazed and speechless.
Steve let a smile grow, and he nodded. Natasha followed his reaction with a hug. Sam heading up to them soon after.
"Come on guys! She's lost a lot of blood!" Nat yelled, still trying to keep the girl calm. Clint knew time was of the essence. So he picked up the piece of metal and through it to Steve, who caught it just before it took out Bruce's eye. Once Clint came back, the three pushed down with all they had. And this seemed to work, before it fell back down, hard. This sent the girl to a screaming fit of pain and hysterics. Nat tried to continually calm her, but it was futile.
Each ember he looked to, was a memory that flooded his mind. An ember sitting to the left, had him recall a time with Steve at the once Avengers tower. The beacon of hope, that has since been abandoned.
The philanthropist ignored him. So Steve walked up to him, and sat his hand on his shoulder, forcefully. Tony stopped and looked at the Captain, with eyes that looked like he just witnessed something tragic occur. While simultaneously calming down all together. 'Alright! That worked!' Steve thought amusingly.
Tony hated being over-protective. But in times like this, anything can happen. He just wanted his kids to be happy, yet still safe. The sudden flash of a forgotten childhood memory made the brunette wince in fear and confusion.
“Annie… I know you love that doll. But you have to let Tina play with it too, you know? You can’t be so stingy with things that you know aren’t only yours.” Steve stated gently.
Tony shot a sigh of relief for the soldier changing the subject, and looked back to him. He surprisingly was intrigued by their conversations. 'Let's keep this conversation going then!' He thought amusingly.
He felt it give, but not before his right fist got a good shot at the agent's mouth. The man stumbled back just enough for him to trip over his feet. He crashed onto his back, with Sam toppling over him.
Honestly, Tony wishes it was that easy. He'd have all the things in this world that make him happy. Yet that's not how most people would've saw it. Hell, they would've been on a damn TLC program, if it was still around.
Sam looked to the 'black widow' next to him. Finding his friend's usage of a fork for a burger and fries, kind of hilarious. Surely, he at least knew that you don't have to cut up a burger to eat it.
And Steve, well Steve Rogers was trying to make the best out of it. After he had created that group, for those struggling with the Snap, he's seemed a lot more positive than usual.
Granted he was 8 feet tall and over 1,000 pounds. So really no bed could withstand him at the moment. So Steve helped him grab all three broken mattresses from the other rooms and piled them onto one another; the scientist slept on those instead. His legs dangling off to the side.
The gentleness of Steve was what Tony was most intrigued about them having sex. How would Steve go about it? Would he be delicate and gentle? Or was there a freaky side to the soldier that Tony was about to experience? It didn't matter, as Tony got his answer, rather quickly.
Shield dismantling, some double agents, and albeit an eventful reunion, with a long lost friend, was all it took to change Steve Rogers. The usually collected, very head strong, by the rules kinda hero; was now more confused/exhausted than ever.
Steve continually passed several nicely looking parks, before crossing onto the Williamsburg Bridge, the latter being the confirmation for Tony.
Walking into the bar area came, Thor and Bruce, discussing something other than women for once. Nat feeling intrigued, asked if they wanted a drink, to hopefully get a conversation going. Cause Fury wasn't much of converser anyway. Thor declined, saying that he had a special bottle from Asgard. Bruce however just smiled, and answered, "A 77, please Ms. Widow.".
"I don't know, really. Look... you don't want to go through with it, and I truly understand Tony. And I'm so sorry for putting you in a tough situation." Steve apologized.
"No, Tony.” Steve insisted, “It's nothing. Just head back to sleep.". Not really caring to engage with Tony Stark's annual teasing fest just yet, Steve just decided to ignore the brunet. That lasted two seconds.
"Alright, we all know that our work in New York was successful. But are mission isn't finished." Fury began. Everyone knew what he was getting at. New York was decimated. They saw the destruction. But Fury's continuation was not what they expected.
Kamala looked to her teammates with admiration and envy, which was pretty much her normal look. "Nothing much! What are you guys up to?".
It was unbearably silent. The type of silence that almost drives you mad, with its never-ending existence. It's the silence that is indescribable to anyone but Steve at the moment. He must've still been asleep since the room was also incredibly dark; smelling like whisky and rainwater.
Steve heard footsteps approaching quickly, so he turned around swiftly. Force of habit. His expression was quickly changed as he noticed Pepper and Nat walk in the room. Pepper greeted him, and Nat smirked at him with a peculiar smirk. Steve didn't pay much attention to it, as she always looked like that.
Wow, when was the last time Steve felt this happy? He hasn't been this optimistic in a long time. Yet, it felt great nonetheless.
Tony eventually got unclothed himself, no help there. While the other crawled on top of him slowly, being gentle as can be, with eyes of desire.
"Well, before we think of a plan. Shouldn't we try and figure it out, where, there selling their weapons?" Sam added.
"Anyway, what I'm about to tell you guys is not a war story." Steve's vague hook line now has intrigued the team, Kamala especially.
"It's fine, Pepper. I wanted to." Tony's smile began to fade. But still seemed lightheartedly invested in his cooking skills.
Suddenly, he heard a car's engine just out front, but it swerved all the way around to the back. Steve rushed over to the back attic window and could see an Audi parked by the garage.
The soldier simpered. His eyes glancing around to the others in the room. Eventually landing on Kamala, who was still watching from the eggnog station. Smiling and holding a thumbs up from her vicinity.
She gave the world the Avengers back. She did that! How could Kamala not feel proud of herself for that?! It was the fatherly approval and support that was weighing her down.
Shawarma's was surprisingly silent and empty of life, besides a few employees working the day shift. It was quite odd. Due to the fact, that it was just ravaged by some of the Chitauri during the battle. Glass splattered the floor, several of the lights above began to fail, and a good amount of the tables were no longer in the actual store. The kitchen though, was still up and running. Yet, a sandwich place like Shawarma's would certainly not have any alcohol in stock. But there they were preparing the beverage, or rather a version of it. And no matter the case, The Avengers we're simply just eating and enjoying some piece and quiet.
"It looks like Steve can keep his mouth shut, yet couldn't keep it off of yours last night." She said amusingly.
The pre-avenger shook his head in compliance. She continued it, and eventually began eating again while also giving a 'I'm okay' smile. The room continued in its silence for a little while.
"Well, dammit." Tony looked to his milkshake and swirled it a bit with an ever so slight movement of his spoon. Besides the conversations surrounding them, the two just sat quiet.
"No, not at all, Tony. Quite frankly the opposite." Steve cleared his throat whilst rubbing the back of his neck, "So you'll do it?".
They had talked, and both her and Steve knew what to do, instantly. They knew that these two idiots needed to hash their shit out. And today was going to be that day.
"I don't see how that's a big deal?" Tony amused, "I... just noticed how down he was today. How tired he was. And I just wanted to help him out, by hurrying up with Fury's lecture so he could catch some Z's.".
Once the ship landed back on the landing deck, shield's officers ordered the Avengers down to the bridge. None of them wanted to face, a pissed Nick Fury. Tony was the only one who seemed ready to kick some ass. And he certainly was ready too. But he noticed Steve's manner of walking. It was a bit sluggish. Something that no one would've said he was. Tony interestingly, had a thought pop in his head, and of course acted on it. He walked up to Steve's side, and held his hand. Steve quickly yanked it from Tony's grip. Simultaneously, giving him a I'm okay look, and smiled. Once the group reached the bridge, Tony was about to apologize, until an obviously pissed Nick Fury, silenced him.
As the last dry heave left his mouth, Steve held his stomach in hopes that was the last of it. A few tiny chunks left in his beard. He sat his head in the bathtub behind him, and braced his knees upon the toilet for support.
He hadn't seen it in a year's time. It still had that same blanket that he remembers falling off when he went to grab Tony's-
"Good? That's it, Cap?" Tony doubted, "I mean do you have a girlfriend? Or better yet have you at least lost that card?" He pointed to Steve's crotch, making the soldier blush with embarrassment.
"I just don't understand? Why would she be so open to something like this?" Tony cried. He felt his tranquil paradise, was now falling around him. Steve took another step closer, feeling utterly destroyed.
I swear, if the gazes these two men took today were water, they'd be able to fill up a damn 50 foot tank.
Tony doesn't contribute anymore to the conversation. Signaling to Thor, that he was quite done with conversing for the night. Thor was about to apologize for his overstepping, but chose not too. If Tony doesn't want to open up, then there's no need to keep pushing.
Natasha followed her and addressed to the Scarlett Witch that she was going to tell Steve of the plan.
The other man ran down a nearby passageway on the left side of the market. And so, she followed in hot pursuit.
The sans-serif font glaring at him from his cell phone. It was an article about the super-soldier creating a focus group for the people struggling with 'the blip'. The Blip being the name of Thanos's Snap. Yes, I know, weird.
Steve smiled while walking closer to him. "Let's just do this right for once." He stated as he wrapped his arms around Tony in a goodbye hug. Tony felt his heart flutter again, yet now he chose to ignore it. If Steve and him were going to continue this 'friendship' it would need to be on equal terms of endorsement. They let go of each other, and Tony could feel Steve's fingers slightly graze his own. Yet no heart flutter occurred, or tingling sensation.
He remembers seeing her back in the 70's. Her brunette hair with strands of grey, similar to Tony’s. Her always demanding yet, loving personality, glaring at him from beyond that glass. And with that, the emotions followed it. He could go back to her. Back to feisty, but kind-hearted, Peggy Carter.
Sure they've had their issues, and things haven't necessarily changed in terms of their arguments. At one point, Tony feared that their relationship would've never recovered. However these days, he can finally say that he loves him.
Vision was neutral about the entire situation. No matter what side he was standing on, he'd never let anything harm Wanda. He... loved her.
Steve sighed for the third time. This time looking to the floor in embarrassment and shame. He ran a hand through his hair, as the soldier then rested both hands on his hips.
The two would call each other about certain events with the News, the SHIELD missions, and so on. Their talks then shifting to their many conversations with Natasha, and what she would do if she was still here. And then, they'd say their goodbyes; nothing more, nothing less.
"No, you didn't. What are you doing?" Pepper walked over to the counter, to see all sorts of ingredients out.
It took about 4 hours for the men to arrive at the farmhouse. About another hour to get the trucks unloaded, and finally 3 more hours to get everything in the house, and arrange the rooms to Steve’s liking.
All the way from their night out at his home in Brooklyn, to their altercation in Germany. Oh, how he hated that day. It made him feel sick to his stomach, every single time he would see Tony’s shocked and betrayed face.
Natasha and Sam agreed with the super-soldier. They knew they had faced worse. Way worse. But in those times, they had everyone. And now, they just have themselves.
In her defense, these bots did look like metallic skeletons. Scraps, and holes, in the face and bodies of these once weapons of destruction. Their collective main purpose to hunt and kill hundreds of in-humans. Just the mere thought of it all made Kamala shiver with fear. Even from afar, the trio seemed eerily silent as they watched the tub of broken bots move into the lab.
"Well, when your predicament ends, we need you to come with us downtown, okay?" The Russian asked with her typical smirk glued to her face.
And Steve was tasked with completing it. However, his mind was far from anything of the mission. His mind fled to the philanthropist and the Russian red-head.
Steve chuckles at her amusing statement. Pepper checks her watch, and notices that it's 1 in the morning. Steve, who's, from what she heard from Nat, has had no sleep, is now out and about? "How come your up, Captain?" She asks politely.
'Seriously, what's going on with him? He's usually not this productive. Especially to this extent.' Pepper's worries began to cloud her. And then, it hit her.
"Huh? Oh! Yes, yes of course!" She said. Clearly upset at being interrupted, but Tony didn't seem to care.
Steve just stayed quiet, feeling his fists finally release from their grip. After taking a slow breath, calming himself, he looked back up to Tony.
"Hey, Rogers. What's up?" Steve could see, and hear, Tony's relief when he turned around to face him.
However, last he heard, he was still very much a married man. And Her & Morgan were his everything. Steve would never forgive himself if he let these little feelings affect their friendship and Tony's family. So, no home-wrecking for Steve Rogers. No matter how envious it made him feel.
"Okay. Just don't drink the entire bar out. Or there will be consequences when I get back." Tony teased.
Anyway, the story is coming to a close soon. Hope your ready for the final chapters coming. I have been working on them, since I published the first seven chapters. The aforementioned smut chapter is the longest chapter, running at a span of 6,000 words, and maybe more-can’t decide.
Nonetheless, he had to tell him. He had to be there for Tony. Steve wanted to repay that debt. He hated himself for not being there, for not only Tony, but for the rest of the Avengers that fought alongside him.
Who, was currently making some of her famous stew. Adding some more spices to it, she took one of the paprika's, and softly sprinkled it along her masterpiece.
Tony felt his heart ping in slight pain. He grabbed his chest in response, yet his eyes stayed glued to the pictures. After standing there, baffled, he brought his gaze to his friend. Happy took his expression to try and explain himself, and the board.
Almost simultaneously though, the two felt the haunting memory of that little girl's face, from their operation 'Clean Up' all those years back, fill their heads. The screams, the utter pain, and that-that look of death that her poor face gave off, sent chills down Natasha's spine. Maria looked back to them concerned. She's been in the business too long to sense when shit is about to go down. Hoping that the driver wasn't suicidal or that he might try anything, Maria stayed, quite literally, on edge for the time being. Yet, Clint needed to clear the air, if not for him but for the women as well.
The car grew silent again. The utter thought of someone, that being one of the Avengers, had killed someone, left the trio terrified and confused. Sitting sheepishly, Clint and Nat tried to boggle their brains on what his statement meant. The Avengers never had killed anyone. Or at least from their own memories.
Steve could feel a single tear slide down his left cheek. And it stopped halfway down. Just like Tony's that night. He remembers that teardrop. It still puzzles the blonde now, on why it never moved. Maybe, it was waiting to be moved.
After it took him nearly 30 painful minutes to get dressed, he finally realized that his bed was empty. 'Did Pepper come home?' He thought. Tony honestly didn't want to know the answer. If she did, then it must've been awkward. If she didn't, did she... leave... maybe even with Morgan? More questions he didn't want the answer.
Steve 'Capsicle' Rogers had a part of his heart. And with this final revelation, Tony felt himself lift his head up, in utter disbelief.
Obviously, Tony was still with Pepper and didn’t look like he was divorcing her any time soon. But Steve wasn’t going to let that stop him. Even if he couldn’t have Tony the way he wanted to have him. The man would still be a part of Steve’s life. And that’s enough for him.
They stood silent for a moment. Waiting to hear a crack in the wood, or any sound of eavesdropping. No sound occurred.
He looked back to the super-soldier, who kept his eyes on him. His disappointed stare annoying him with every single second that passed. "What do you want me to say?" Tony snapped, "Oh sorry for saving your life! Now go on, scram!".
This broke it, and it made Tony awkwardly chuckle along. Simultaneously as an utter feeling of awkwardness filled the room. Fury however, was still urgent to continue.
"I should be kicking you out. I should be telling you to never see me or my family again. But, I told you it was okay. And that's no one's fault but my own. It was my fault for giving you that green light when I was still left on red." Her analogy made sense to the soldier. But it didn't make him feel any better.
He shifts onto his back, laying a hand on his bare stomach. "What was it? A family sittin' on the American flag.".
Another set of footsteps caught his attention, returning to reality. It was Jenny & Ziggy. They were coming from the laundry room and were just about to head outside from the screened-in back porch.
As he's been doing a lot of lately, which was simply out of character for him. And yet, he can't seem to figure out why. It's almost like he's a constant ticking time bomb. And he despised every time it occurred. It made the soldier think back to the other times he’s yelled at the kids.
"Anyway, that's not why we're here." Tony went on, looking at Steve directly, "The three of us have noticed how distant you've seemed since...
The blonde smiled his warm, inviting smile, and looked to the reactor. He'd never seen anything like it, and yet Tony made it in a cave.
"Uh, sure that's fine." In truth, Steve was jumping in circles. He was a wreck inward, but of course, composed outward. And a few more minutes wouldn't bother him it all. And, he was with Tony. What could go wrong?
Nat smiles at him, and sets her hand on his shoulder. "Bruce, Hey, you don't need to get all worked up on me. No need to get all awkward.".
Tony's eyes continually creased in slight pain. But against all odds, Steve continued, hoping the pain would subside soon. Like Tony kept saying. The two of them, at this moment, looked like an emotional painting of raw sexual desire.
“I wasn’t really going to show you this, until I thought you were comfortable enough, but I think you need it now, man.” He began, “I know you and Pepper still aren’t going too well, and all of this, is just more or so for paperwork.”. Happy pointed to the board before spinning Tony around, so that the philanthropist could look at him directly.
And this wasn't the first time that the teenager had been irresponsible. Earlier that week, Tommy was tasked to watch Tina & Annie, while Steve went to Ziggy's recital. Needless to say, when the two returned home, they found the place in ruins. It seems Tommy thought the idea of watching the girls meant locking them in their room, while he stayed downstairs having a little 'get together' with some friends.
"Tony. That's not important right now." She vocalized again, voice breaking and cracking. "They're gone. I don't know where they went. We were following a lead with Hydra, and now Steve and Sam are missing."
Tony chuckled, but really didn't want to continue talking about the subject. Not that it wasn't the truth, but he was starting to feel strange. No not strange... familiar? He recognized this feeling. It was the same feeling he would have, when he talked to Pepper.
So it was quite hilarious to see Steve flinch when Tony's first words to him were, "You going to share some of that sauce?".
Again, he wondered at how easy it was to tell Steve these things. Especially this story. He hadn't even told Pepper, or Rhodey, how much he was telling Steve.
He knew he was still grieving. But these memories were so much more than just simple encounters. These were times of vulnerability. Intimate, personal, situations that he truly cherished.
Steve chuckled in response. He then tugged on Tony's arm. Bringing the brunette close to him.  Sealing the space between them with a gentle kiss. Placing his hands along the brunette's lower back.
And so, Steve entered the empty home swiftly. Hoping that any tears wouldn't flow. They did, however. When his eyes fell upon the sofa. The Sofa.
Steve just chuckled, and slowly walked out of his stateroom. Tony waved goodbye, and eventually slipped under the covers.
But never the less, he answered, and hesitantly agreed. He really feared that it could be Hydra again. Which to his dismay, it was. Ignoring his fears though, he was a tiny bit excited to see the group again, even Tony.
Tony's eyes were now covered in tears again. His glistening, wet eyelashes, made the super-soldier feel awful. 'God, why did I make him do this. He's hurting, you dumbass! You should've just let it go, and kept your mouth shut!' He thought aggravatingly.
He doesn't remember when this feeling began. But for some time now, Steve has had this sensation of... something coming. Something weird, something strange. And when it did... Ugh, how Steve never wanted to finish the sentence.
The door swung open to Tony smiling humiliatingly. His hair slicked to its normal look, with him dawning a simple t-shirt and jeans. "Hey, Cap.".
The philanthropist left and that was it. Steve recalls the night from time to time. As it was a reminder of how he & Tony have evolved, especially after Thanos.
"But you still could've called Steve. I know we haven't had much time to catch back up, but we do now. Plus, I heard that you apparently have had this thing for Stark?".
Once she walked into her bedroom, she could see Tony sleeping soundly. His back facing her. She barely could see the sofa indentions in his back.
Steve's confidence now flew out the window. He looked away disgustingly. But her tone was as if she was disappointed. He quickly looked back to her and could read her false expression.
Steve did let go of his arm, feeling that he kind of crossed a line. As Tony continued to look at him. Focusing on his facial expression to see if it was genuine. It was. 'Did he really just grab my arm? Better question would be, why Steve thought demanding me to give himself an answer was a good plan? 'Cause low en behold, it worked.' Tony thought.
Tony didn't even process the thought. He knew what Steve was meaning. And it was taking the genius so much not to completely lose himself. As he began his entry is when he caught sight of Steve leaving the confined space. "Wait! Where are you going?".
And that someone was Tony Stark. They needed Tony to know. And maybe... just maybe... he would grow past his resentment, mostly towards Steve, and help them. Yet it also would catch Hydra off guard.
"You and Kamala are either cleverly observant. Or I'm just horrible at being discreet." The soldier smiled.
Everything happened so quickly that she simply waited for the energy blast to knock her on her feet. Killing her, or at least badly injuring her. Yet it didn't.
"Okay. Well since we'll all freeze to death before help arrives. Does anyone have any... I don't know... good stories to tell?" Tony suggested.
Tony saw it in the newspaper, surprised at the idea that they're still making them, and thought it would be an interesting choice for the blonde.
Steve just stood for a little bit, utterly confused as to what just happened. He and Tony were literally just chewing each other out. Yet one simple kiss changed their moods?!
Eventually, the two descended the stairs, arm in arm, and disappeared among the others. Kamala tried looking for them, but it was interrupted with a loud mechanical noise.
Steve moved back over to the playroom and continued cleaning up. That is until he heard a commotion from the living room. It was Annie & Tina again.
Sarah laughed, before giving her son a kiss on his forehead, as she picked her son's plate up. Steve stated in the dining room, before looking to his present self.
Sitting on the banks of the lake, she softly hummed to herself. Her knees up to her chest, and her blonde hair flowing with the wind. He didn't know what specifically she was humming, but it was a song from this century, nonetheless. Steve smiled his warm smile and walked up to the glistening body of water.
"Okay... Just tell me when it is something to worry about." Steve attested before unwrapping himself from Tony and sat upward.
"T... Tony. I called Tony to see if he could help." She uttered. Still feeling the pain of his rejection.
Sam dove onto the man and tried his hardest to lift the agent off his friend. The added help, was all Steve needed to lift the man from him, and his wound, and toss them back like a rag doll.
Steve now felt his composure dismantle. Tony's comment hit a nerve, a nerve that would blow into a fiery rage, that even he couldn't believe it.
Nat picked up on this, but didn't drive it out further. She knew he was nervous. But truthfully, found it cute and adorable. Which is a very rare occurrence in her book. Most of the men she's known, have been brutal, demanding, and arrogant beings. She saw something sensitive in Bruce and Steve that she hasn't seen in anyone else, including Tony, Thor, or Fury.
Except now, it's red and orange lights were a lot more prominent and bright, as they had glistened along the snow that blanketed the building.
Tony could barely see the soldier from the other side of the tinted glass. Yet, as he pulled the door opened and could see him again. Naked, and wet, this time. The brunette couldn't help but mischievously smile.
"Steve I'm going to go into cardiac arrest if you don't explain yourself further," Tony informed sarcastically.
“She loves England, Europe. But always was a fan of Scotland.” The soldier attested, “I mean she loved her country, but for some reason, she just... always loved it there. Which is weird, since the farthest she’s ever left the house, is to the ward.”.
Somehow, someway, Steve Rogers was able to bring back those emotions. And all Tony wanted to do, was to savor these nostalgic emotions he was feeling. He wanted to crawl back into bed and pretend that the super-soldier was lying next to him.
She knows that she can do a lot. And that she has proved herself time and time again. Tarleton being the main example. The fainting spells still come and go, which is still an annoyance. Probably one of the reasons why Steve & Bruce are so worried about her all the time.
Yet, the soldier still felt the tingling sensation of another man's lips upon his. Although He felt a bit more amused with what happened. He could tell Tony, was a lot more flushed, and doing literal circles to keep his mind off of what happened.
"Yes. He was able to find a nearby warehouse, of all places, that had some suspicious activity going on. He didn't know if it was directly linked to our situation. But to me, it's at least a start.".
Not even that, Steve needed something new to do. Something, or really somewhere, to be something to someone.
"Isn't it obvious, Cap? You're my friend. And after losing you the last time I… I couldn’t deal with that again.”
The first thing Steve notices is the foyer. It separates the house down the middle, the living room on one side and the kitchen/laundry room on the other. All the bedrooms and bathrooms seemingly upstairs with the garage connected through the laundry room. So the layout seemed simple enough.
today. On the Helicarrier." Tony finally looked at Steve. His expression was so vulnerable that it made Steve actually feel pity for the man.
Sorry for the long wait. Went a little too crazy with descriptions of the farmhouse’s layout. But I felt it was necessary for visual reasons.
They were similar weapons the Chitauri used at them. But we're now modeled to a modern AK-47. Blue/purple energy tubes grazed the side of the gun. And with the final touch, they were all with Hydra symbols embedded in them.
Albeit, he'd have to gather some new shudders for those windows. Which is where the other two knuckleheads were at now. Driving up and down roads to find businesses that sell window shudders for barns. Peter insisted that he'd drive since he wanted some practice. But Steve refused, saying that Peter was still too young to drive. He may have been blipped for 5 years, but he didn't age at all. So he was still at the ripe age of 17. He also didn't have a license either, which was the true reason why Steve said no.
However, the pain coming from his rectum was sharp and truly apparent. He winced and quickly sat down, while chuckling in amusement. Tony immediately felt like a teen, who just had his first time.
As Sam entered his room and looked around for an exit, there wasn't one; his assailant entered inside. Sam shot his weapon, but it misfired. The agent just took his, and smashed it to the winged-soldiers right leg.
Hope you guys enjoy the chapter! There will be a jump forward in time, so be prepared for that. Kudos and Comments are always appreciated! ❤️
“Well, from my viewing, nothing is stopping you. So, could you do that for me? Pretty please?” He asked again. Batting his eyes at her.
He could feel Siberia come back to his mind, as it did the other night with Peter. Except now, he used the description of Steve in his mind, to the one he sees now, in apparently Scotland, England.
"For yourself, dumbass. At least somewhere else where you can have a clearer mind. Somewhere other than this depressing hovel you call an apartment.". Tony insisted.
”It’ll be like taking a wild bear off a feisty cat!” Nat exaggerated. The trio hee-hawed for some seconds, as the elevator was nearing the first floor.
Steve could see the nervous teen suddenly regret his decision. He felt bad for Peter. A flash image of himself, before the serum, appeared in Steve's mind. The soldier then sat a hand on his shoulder.
More running ensued, with the duo luckily reaching a back area of the building, just as a few gun blasts were hairs away from them.
"Oh! My stuttering, th-th-th-that's when I get flustered with e-e-emotions." He answered honestly. But deeply regretting it once he did.
Tony felt himself, almost hypnotized, as his feet drug beneath him. Its gold-like aura brightening the thick, brick wall behind it, ever so slightly. He was trying his hardest to remember why and how they obtained such a stone. But all that came up was just constant blanks.
"I'm no chef, but I don't believe stew should be smelling like that." Vision states with a hint of sarcasm in his voice.
As Steve was contemplating his answer, he hadn't even realized that they had started the dance. Moving slowly, and beautifully across the floor.
“Well... a lot of things, actually. Well, one thing in particular.” His voice got lower and lower the more he spoke.
"Hey! It was a beautiful, thought-filled gift. Thank you very much!" Tony glared at Clint with every bit of confidence as Steve remembers.
The soldier got up from the bed, already wanting to leave the confinement of his bed, anyway. Grabbed a bathrobe hanging on the back of the bathroom door, and headed out to the 2nd story porch.
The party was being held on the command deck, which held the main war table. All along the railings and ceiling beams, hung strands of garland and decorative lights. With an 'Avengers' styled Christmas tree, or should I say trees, around the upper walkway.
She smiled to herself, as he awkwardly walked past her, and up the stairs to where the trio still stood.
In those days, all he wanted to do was to hug the former philanthropist with all of his love and admiration. Granted, he can do that now but back then, during those days. All Steve had to think about was his duties to the world. The constant worry of population, after population in times of peril. Steve shudders a little at the recollection.
"Tony... how? We just met a few days ago? Why would you feel ‘comforted’ by me? Why not Pepper?" Steve resumed confusingly.
“Really, my life hasn’t been all it’s seemed to be. I have my fair share of demons to deal with.” Steve swallowed, “For starters, my mother used to be abused by my father. Every night he’d come home, drunk as usual. He’d let his insecurities get the best of him. And I could never defend her like a good son should! I couldn’t even take her away from that place.”.
"Although tempting, no. It was, actually about our kiss. I think, we should try-no need to find a way to forget it." Steve stated.
"I think it started, after I tried to call her... when I was, you know... flying to the edge of glory. And she didn't answer. It made me feel alone. I knew that I was going to... die, without the comfort of anyone," Tony began to choke up.
'It's okay, go live your life, Old Man." The apparition smiled and gave a wave. Before his body faded into the air.
The other laughed out loud, his nose and eyes crinkling in amusement. As one of his hands covered his wide, cheerful smile.
She can recall a time, when one of her friends growing up, asked her to help themself with a situation. She pretty much told them that their plan was stupid, and that it be better to be just castrated. It should be mentioned that this was around the time of Black Widow's origins at the Red Room, in which she trained mercilessly, to become the trained killer. It honestly seems that Natasha can't think of anything, without the ruthless memory of her time there. And her secret that she wishes to keep till the grave. Let's just say Women we're also prone to barbaric experiments to prevent fertilization.
Tony looked to the window in front of him. It had snowed, again. It's glossy, white surface covering the driveway; and the main road, further down.
Yet that's not who he saw. It was just a silhouette. A silhouette of a built man. No face, no features, just a beige like creature, laying on his side, facing him. 'Ok, creepy!' He uttered.
Wanda finally felt an idea hit her, eyes wide like a deer, and with a sudden stiff posture, as if she was slapped with a ruler on her back.
"I know, Steve. But you, of all people, know how nervous I get when they do shit like that." Tony wiped his mouth with a cloth and turned to his naked, wet, husband.
He knew his husband missed being famous. Missed those nights of partying and hanging out with friends. The nights in which he and Steve were only known as Captain America, and Iron-Man.
She would stand there, looking gorgeous as ever; then he'd start getting flustered, and begin to mouth off remarks, and mumble to himself. And right now, that feeling was hitting him like a freight train. Tony actually felt his heart flutter a bit in embarrassment. And with that, he felt his word vomit hit his mouth.
Steve kept his gaze on his lover and tried to think of his answer. Then looked behind Tony, toward the lab. The philanthropist following his gaze, trying to catch his reasoning.
She felt her cheeks blush a bit. He's never referred to her as Ms. Widow. But he did, and she felt like a little girl getting a secret admirer letter in her school locker. Nat sat his drink down, yet keeping the gaze she had with him. Their amorous behavior wasn't odd to Fury and Thor, as they already knew something was going on there.
Tony looked up at him and smiled. Not the simulated smile he's had on all night. This was a genuine smile.
Cap’s suit was more damaged than all the other’s. The white star that sat on his chest, now was gone, with only the imprint of it left. Tears and scratches were all around the outfit. Including some dirt, blood, and what looked like, some sweat stains.
Somebody that taught him so many things; that made him genuinely laugh several times. Mostly with his ever-so egotistical, and sometimes sensual, quips. Made him feel agitated beyond comprehension, on more than one occasion. Caused him to question his loyalty. Lead a team regardless of their views or morals.
When he finally caught up to her, in the main kitchen, the little girl was nowhere in sight. Steve suddenly heard a sniffle from in front of him, but the only thing there was the table. She was hiding beneath it, crying softly. So the blonde crawled underneath and sat next to her, albeit a little uncomfortable. His head crooked to one side.
"Uh, hello. Uh, Good Morning, Mr. Stark." Steve babbled, "Can I make myself some coffee?". He sounded like he did last night. Nervous as hell. His voice almost cracking, several times, through his comments.
White noise is all that filled her ears. It's static sound made her stomach twist and turn. What was she to do?
It was this same sensation that hit both Tony and Peter in the limo ride home. They both knew of their real feelings about the situation. But it honestly was easier to lie, to say that everything will go back to normal.
"Hey, kiddo. I just want to say... that... how you were really good out there today." He was, of course, referencing their earlier scrimmage they had at an underground AIM bunker.
To Tony's graces, the worrying expression left Steve. The blonde looking to Tony amusingly, but carefully as well.
Almost sounding like a dumbfounded teenager, he teasingly tried to apologize to her. And surprisingly, she actually didn’t shoo him away, or give him a go-to-hell look. It was almost like an amused, but monotonous expression. Tony got her to smile, that’s a start.
"There, that's what you need to be doing. Grieving. Not acting as if its normal life." She protested, "Your not hurting her by moving on. Your letting her rest.".
"Rogers, you are... not considering this... now!?" Tony uttered. His vocabulary seemingly trying to restore itself. Once he confidently grinned, it gave Steve some ease... some.
But even though Steve looked like hell, in this picture, he was actually smiling at the camera. I mean, yes, Steve is a nice person and all, but not to this extent.
Dusk began to break, and it was an utter sight to behold upon the 'Shield Spaceship', Tony would call it. Still damaged from their earlier attack, Fury ordered that they fly at a lower altitude. Steve, Nat, and Bruce were deep in sleep, in their staterooms, while Thor, Fury, and Tony were gazing upon the night sky, discussing some urgent matters, on how to fix up parts of the city. And Clint was in the cargo hold, calling his wife. God, how he missed Laura's voice. These missions would feel like centuries, away from home. And yet each time he would return, it would feel like no time had passed. Clint does remember of a discussion he had with her, before he left to handle the Tesseract issue.
The soldier, however, did notice that Tony wasn't wearing a shirt. His back muscles ever so glowing amongst the red tint. But the further Steve took the situation in, the realization that Tony was nude under those sheets made the blonde’s eyes widen with surprise. It was more or so odd since he remembered Tony passing out the minute they got there. Clothes we're still very much on.
Tony took a deep breath, swallowed down some leftover emotion, and picked himself up. He glided his feet to the door, with the pictures, shredded number, and burner phone in his left pocket, and walked out of the door. As he did this though, he turned around and locked the room, not wanting anyone, not even Happy to see the mess he created.
He was throwing his problems on someone else's land. And that just rubbed him the wrong way. The kids would tell him it's fine, but they knew better. Steve wasn't going to let this go, even if he wanted to.
She just missed her family. It was that simple. Especially, after this last time. These few months have been the toughest she's ever had to deal with. And a few good dad jokes surely would help her somber spirits.
"Okay, Cap, calm down! We don't even know if it's available yet. Plus this wasn't even the house we were supposed to look at today.".
And in a few minutes, she was already sitting idly by at the Tower Restaurant. Continually looking to her phone for a response from Natasha.
At first, Steve was hesitant to answer. But he surprisingly agreed and helped Tony back outside, after a piece of the floorboard collapsed beneath the door.
The super-soldier looked back to Tony. Resting peacefully with no indication of waking up anytime soon. Steve just needed to breathe. Everything was fine, he is fine, Tony is fine.
Steve hated when he had to be stern with them. Let alone raise his voice. There were only a few times since the kids had arrived that he'd lost his temper. But he wasn't going to do that now. At least for something this small and immature.
Tony only made it a few steps, before nearly slamming on his ass. The sharp pain coming from his backside, made the brunette laugh with embarrassment.
He drug his feet across the wooden floors and directly sat down on his living room sofa. Sighing in blissful relief. His body aching with every twitch of a muscle. Purely exhausted from today's, sheer, tedious task of house hunting.
"If you come over here, and place a kiss on my forehead. I will put myself up for adoption." Their son declared.
"Thank You, Pepper. Truly, you really didn't have to be this understanding. You easily could've kicked me out, and probably throw a hex on me while you were at it." Steve jested.
Even though they didn't directly kill these people, it was their negligent self idealism towards 'kicking ass' that truly didn't go unnoticed. Steve and Tony were the most destroyed once they buried the driver's daughter. So much so, that after the funeral, Nat had noticed the duo talking to him afterward. However, it never dawned on her on why she never asked what they discussed about that day.
Steve stomped over to the living area, where the two were grabbing over each other. Annie smacking Tina's hands away, as Annie held onto the doll tightly, while Tina reached for it.
Tony chuckled. His laugh making Steve squirm inside. “I’ll hold you to that.” Tony instantly remembered the last time he heard that phrase. And just like that, the memories fled back.
"See that's the thing. We weren't even really good friends. We were just kind of like pals. We never really agreed on a lot of things. And besides the whole thing with our... kiss. It was just that." Steve confided.
Tony felt a slight lift of heaviness off his shoulders, once his confession left his lips. He took a breath, and looked back at the super soldier.
"Steve, just say sex. I understand your still a little old fashioned but please." Even though Tony felt a chuckle coming from his joke, his face surely did not show it.
Once his eyes found Steve's, his demeanor changed from angrily confused to amusingly surprised. He eagerly stood up and shook his hand.
"What was she like?" Tony asked cautiously. Even though he didn't want to pry, he was curious as to know who was the mother of Captain Amer-No, Steve Rogers.
Tony takes a finger and playfully bops one of the ornaments. He does this to a few more ornaments before a sound from upstairs catches his attention. The former avenger heads to the other side of the living room and crosses the threshold back into the main foyer. Turning off the lights, and fireplace whilst doing so.
“I get that Wanda, truly I understand. But you're not hearing me. If you two got caught later on, what does that do for us? Huh? You and Vision know that we still are willing to help people, even if it means to leave with no recognition or praise at all.”
'I said yes to it. I was okay with it. If it would make him happy, so be it. And I trust Steve! He wouldn't let Tony make rough decisions without reason. So then... why do I feel this distraught!' She thought sadly. She was questioning if she really made the right decision.
Steve just held his nose. All he could do was wave his hand at Tony. Signaling to him, to stop talking. The silence beginning to creep back.
“Well, this has been fun!” Tony stated. His expression however, seemed to change from amused to urgent. “I know we’d say we would skip it, but truthfully I think it would be best, for both of us, if we went.”.
"Okay, then... why are you acting so strange?" Steve crossed his arms, and leaned his body on a nearby table.
Tony eventually, found out about their situation weeks later. After several attempts to contact them, mostly through missed phone calls. Natasha finally picked up.
"Knock Boots? Really?! I would've preferred 'bump uglies' but I guess yours works too!" Tony shouted.
Steve once again pleaded, with the woman rolling her eyes, and scoffing. It honestly astounded him. He knew from what he's heard from Tony, Nat, Sam, and just literally everyone else, that teenagers were a lot more uncaring and lazy than before. But this was just ridiculous.
"It grew awkwardly silent, so then I asked what we should do about it, or really how to fix it. Because you can't have a wife and kid, and still want me.".
Even with Steve’s letter afterward. He didn’t expect Steve to apologize, and be truthful about it. But at the fact, that Steve would still be there for the Avengers, for him.
Exaggerating statements were never Steve's forte. But this one, sadly, was closer to the truth than most.
Anyways, Hello! I hope u guys are enjoying the story so far! Don’t worry, a few more chapters of character introductions and world building. And then will get into the scary stuff! 😉😌
"Alright let's head out into the city to see if we can help by any means." Steve instructed, "Tony can you fly up and see if there's any crowds around here?".
Tony really couldn't understand what drew him to Steve. Why, their friendship was so brittle yet still so strong. Why, they didn’t try and see things on the same page.
'No, No that's asking too much! Especially in our current situation!' She huffed again, this time with a growl-like tone.
That they would let the world fall beneath their feet, and barely speak a mere word to each other. Or that's what most people believed.
"Well don't stay up for too long. Okay?" She said, a bit concerned. However, her concern subsided, feeling that her nervousness was just her girlfriend concerned mode kicking in. Honestly, Pepper wanted to hold him, kiss him, do whatever she could to calm him down. But she didn't want to step on his toes anymore.
Sam took his finger and threw it down. In which, Steve instantly remembered himself doing that to Tony. The somber-ness filled his expression once more.
She walked confidently into the next room, with the two following her swiftly. And of course, the living room didn't look any different from the foyer. Same blue to white color scheme, and hardwood floors. Yet, this time the room had a flat, seamless ceiling above to just give it more of that beautiful, bland-filled feeling.
The pain... the pain was the first thing that Steve felt. It was most apparent around his right temple. A trickle of blood dripping from said spot. His eyes barely opened to see a once familiar place, as his eyes came into focus. It was a circular type of tunnel, with pipes along the sides. It was an Air Raid Shelter.
He was more than capable to do things himself, like plowing the driveway. And he was appreciative of Steve, yet it made Tony feel, almost, useless. Sure, he took care of the kids and kept the house clean and secure. But he wanted to do more.
Richard then, brought the two towards the left side of the home, entering the living room. It was just...
Nevertheless, the blonde just took a soft breath and looked away momentarily, before gazing back out. The red star was gone now. Steve sighed in defeat but instantly gasped as the mischievous, golden retriever jumped in between his feet.
"Through the front doors." Without his much serious tone, Nat and Sam would've thought he was joking.
"There's a landline in the office, but it's not allowed to be used by customers." She stated with no emotion.
One that Tony would want to happen again, and again. He wanted to be enveloped in Steve's passion. His gentleness, his lips... his firm hands. Oh, how Tony wanted those hands that caressed his slim, but still muscular, body. Those ocean eyes that looked at him so lovingly, and amorously.
It was down the road from the café, so it really wasn’t that much of a walk. By the time she reached his floor, she knocked on the door. The broken 217 number made Natasha instantly feel dirty.
After like a minute of some passionate kissing, the two broke away. Trying to catch their breaths, whilst also not opening their eyes. They let themselves just hold each other.
Before he could leave, the silhouette raised it's hand to him, palm up. There was something there, something blue. It was a ripped piece of cloth. He picked it up, and looked bewildered almost. There was writing. (It read: This is my confession. You are the warrior. I am the one. We will fight together until we achieve happiness. We will love together until we reach confirmation. We will live together, until I give prosperity.) He had know idea what this was meaning, or really what it was about. After Tony looked upon the last sentence, he felt himself jerk awake.
Suddenly, a sudden ruckus, from a few shops down, caught their attention. Sam sent one of his drones to scope the situation. If it wasn't urgent, or anything to deal with their lead. Then why risk being caught for a couple of stolen oranges, at a farmers market.
Yet here he laid. Letting this sensation of lovemaking envelop himself. Which was a sensation that Tony was perfectly fine with? But his companion wasn't done just yet.
He drove away from his apartment, with one thing on his mind. And where that one thing was. With that one thing going by one name: Tony Stark.
"That's because I knew better. Y'all seem to do better when I leave you guys in the dark." Fury answered.
He closed his eyes and took deep breaths. Maybe this was a dream? He was probably still in the hotel room, sleeping soundly. Natasha and Sam arguing on what to watch on the poor television they had. The Avengers still broken, with Tony still hating him for life.
He shook the paranoid thoughts away and settled back into his bed. The sound of Tony's soft breaths lulling him to sleep quickly.
And speaking of the Avengers, have the Starks even contacted them since, Thanos. And the answer is: yes. Pepper being the bridge between them and Tony. To which, she wasn’t a fan of. But still felt okay with informing them of their lives.
Okay this does have Tony in it. But truthfully, who else would Nat call? Anyway, more is coming, and yes it will get a little ugly, and action-packed.
Steve sighed, “I’d... be... alright with that. And like you said, If  ‘that’ ever did happen. It’d have to be when, one, your single, and two, that you're okay with it.” Steve didn’t know why Tony was being so forward with him. Even bringing up the possible issue of sex as well.
"Yes, uh, Tony's right. I'd say it's time to head out. And find a way back to Shield." Steve announced.
With one last slow thrust, Steve felt himself release in a final ecstasy-filled yelp of sorts, with Tony following afterward, as a desirable-filled moan left his lips.
Steve got up from the couch and tried to look to Tony's face. That face that had sent shivers up the soldier's spine. He wanted to see him again. He wanted to see Tony at his most comforted. A feeling he, Steve Rogers, gave him.
Thankfully, he's so far doing a better job than Howard already. And having Steve to be his own motivator/confidence booster was surely a plus.
Natasha let his words come and go in her mind. She wanted to accept his apology and forgive him. But all she could do was forgive him. His apology left on read.
Regardless, Steve did enjoy it, at points. Even though their situation was seriously f-ed up. But their coincidental luck seemed to return, as the two men saw a nearby gas station; as they had finally reached the tree line.
"Truthfully, Yea I am. I just... keep hurting you is all. And from what I was taught, this is not how sex is supposed to be." Steve said softly. He really didn't want to make this painful. This was technically Steve's first time, and he wanted to remember it beautifully, not painfully.
"But I gotta ask, why the amazing Captain America is at a home-shelter for kids? I mean, I'm sure it's because you're amazing! But I—"
When the car stopped near Tony's, the man emerged from the vehicle, shy and a bit off. Mainly through his mannerisms and how he presented himself. It was introverted and distant, while also seeming nice and informative. Even his looks seemed off. The man clearly didn't know what to wear, coming in a simple, turquoise, button-up with a wrinkly, dark, overcoat and tattered jeans. His hair, covered by a beanie with his glasses covering the obvious bags under his eyes. But the man was charming with his greeting, nevertheless.
His assumption seeming correct when the door to the infirmary opened softly as if someone didn't want to wake him.
And like a chore list, he did them all in a record-breaking time of only an hour and fifteen minutes. He sat up on the sofa, and pulled his phone out. Scrolling through his contacts, he found Ned’s name and waited for his friend’s voice to bless his ears.
, I've told you a thousand times. Just because your name was first on the tag doesn't mean the doll is specifically yours. It's yours and Tina's, end of story!".
Sam went up the left one, with Natasha and Steve heading up the right one. Steve gave some signals for Sam to bring out the wings and hold for further instructions.
"You know, if you need something to do. You can always come down to Malibu with me and Pepper." Tony answered, "I'm sure there are many things that could occupy you. Maybe even finding some good landscapes to draw down there.".
Later, after discussing the financial situation of the home. It turns out that Steve got a stroke of luck.
The memory dissolves from his brain as a noise catches Steve's attention. It was muffled but it sounded close. It gets quiet, and again he hears it once more. The realization that it's the sound of their dog wailing in peril makes Steve's blood freeze in horror.
"I was going to ask you... if you wanted to, of course, um... if you wanted to dance, w-with... me." He babbled.
"For Sokovia. For leaving you, and not giving you an explanation. Not... giving us a chance, because of my own insecurities." Bruce let his response flop out of his mouth in resentment toward himself.
Steve nodded, and the other two left to the kitchen for something other than Steve's choice of breakfast. The super-soldier laid there for a few more moments, before picking himself up and heading back to his room. He wasn't really hungry anyway.
But since then, Tony hasn't really needed to use his 'Iron-Man'. Not with Spider-Man in America, Iron-Patriot in the Middle East, Thor with Space, and with the Ex-Avengers handling things outside of Scotland. Yet, here we are.
"I thought we agreed no more nicknames?" Steve stated, still with an amused smile. The two separated and Tony moved to the other side of the table.
"Let's just say the universe through this in my path. And, tumble I went." A dazed Tony answered, "I guess... we can 'do it' here. Truthfully, I think it would be inappropriate to do promiscuous things upstairs.".
Steve immediately came back to consciousness, and he too followed. Not in excitement, but in confusion.
"Yeah, what the hell punk?! I know Fury told you to lay low for a little while. But he didn't mean for you to fall off the face of the earth, dipshit!" Bucky interjected.
His desire was wiping out half of Earth’s population. Mostly for life on Earth to prosper, and not struggle. And on that day. He succeeded.
“Okay, how about we go sit down and see if...” Tony was heading to the living room, when Steve grabbed his forearm, cutting him off mid-sentence.
Letting go of the handle, Tony just looked to the super soldier to see any anger, but there wasn't any. He just saw that Steve had finally let his tears flow down his cheek. Tony took a finger and wiped a tear from one of the soldier's cheek.
The men introduce themselves and for the first time, to both their surprise, the woman doesn't look starstruck. To Steve, that was relieving, and it made this venture for a new settlement seem more interesting.
Tony smiled at this. He knew there was somewhat of a smartass in Steve. And he found it utterly delightful when he got to hear it. He continued their conversation with a raised finger. That is until Steve grabbed said finger and playfully slammed it onto the bar.
He did notice Tony's speech slurring and breaking up. This definitely concerned him at this point. Even though Cap knew it was only Tony's mind going a mile a minute from the pressure.
"Tony, I've been looking at houses for almost 5 days now. I haven't had this feeling for a house till I saw this place. I don't know what it is. But for some reason, I want to give it a chance." Steve admitted.
"God, that would be wonderful!" He reassured teasingly, "Maybe two, if I'm feeling a little mischievous?".
They fled to the front entrance and opened the door to the empty compound, that was once teeming with life. The front door creaking with every agonizing echo following the sound.
As the philanthropist approached the lonely man, Steve almost beamed with happiness. "You just missed our little Christmas get together." He stated.
Including this chapter, was a back and forth issue for me. By religiously following the ‘Don’t go off the plot’ rule, I had to try and create a sequence that wouldn’t affect anything extremely. As to tie this into the events of Avengers: Age of Ultron, later on. But anyway here it is, hope y’all are enjoying the story.
The Avengers were doing pretty well for the most part. Things felt somewhat familiar to what life was like before A-Day. Yet like many things in his life, Tony felt like something was wrong about...
Once their laughing subsided, Tony looked to his feet, while Steve looked to him. Their thoughts clouding them for a moment.
"I'm glad your following in your fathers footsteps. But I want you to be doing this Steve, because you want to."
Once Steve came all the way down the stairs, did Tony notice that he had his arc reactor. The glow only illuminating a section of Steve's right peck.
"I was just down in the lab trying to get Tony to tell me why he was acting strange. Then he just kind of froze up on me, when I tried to comfort him." She said with more of a concerned look.
"Yeah. Only because I've also heard the story before. And I've made my theories throughout." Tony admitted.
"It's okay, Tony. Don't worry about it." Steve stated calmly, "Remember, we talked about it. We discussed it, and we came up with our solutions. If you want to make little quips with what happened. I'm okay with that, honestly.".
The war table was suddenly being lowered into the floor. Ultimately being covered by said metal flooring, and now leaving an area for the dancers. Kamala didn't have to look too long when she noticed Tony pulling Steve to the center. The soldier looked nervous as hell. But Tony was smiling ear to ear.
"I was wondering where you went, so I came to look for you." He was interrupted by his foot hitting something on the floor.
The only limestone part of the home was the fireplace in this room. In which, the philanthropist was gazing at. Looking to the burnt embers sitting before him. The fire that burned last night still showing signs of life.
"For telling me about Stark... Tony." He uttered, "I know my headspace hasn't been the greatest since... what happened... in Germany.".
Tony similar huffed, and laid his back upon the couch. A few seconds dragged on. He had to tell her no. The philanthropist couldn't risk losing Pepper again. But at the same time, he was worried about them. Worried for Steve.
This morning, however, was different. Intimate would be the most accurate word to describe it. Unbelievable would've been another. How could a Christmas party, of all things, be the driving force for Steve and Tony to finally have sex?
And after being lost in space for about a month, Tony was brought back to Earth, with one of the remaining Guardians, known as Nebula.
Tony now noticed that Steve had that look. That same damn look he had that day in Siberia. It made his stomach crumble, and twist. 'What more could he be hiding?!' He thought.
Now, all he wanted was the warmth of Steve's body next to him. He rolled himself up and into a sitting position once again. He slipped on some neatly placed jogging pants. "Steve, you corny bastard.".
Just the entire experience of being an Avenger, was an exhausting yet, fulfilling time in his life. What makes Steve chuckle now is the constant realization that his, and Tony's, look at their past were always different.
Steve suddenly watched as the brunet asked Annalise to give them a moment, to which she reluctantly agreed, and he ushered Steve into the back right bedroom. This one had shag carpet, with a flower-covered wallpaper along its walls. The ceilings in the bedroom still smooth and flat.
He missed those glistening eyes, her smooth skin, her wavy hair, and those pristine lips of hers. He truly just missed her presence. It was so inviting, and kind. But if he let, losing Peggy eat him up, he wouldn't be where he is at now. Life is about moving on, not relinquishing in your past.
Another few minutes went by, or a few hours, Steve doesn't know which at this point. He finally hears something from behind him. It was footsteps. Large, heavy footsteps. The super-soldier was beginning to feel agitated with fear. He was so sick of this. If this creature wants to be a coward and hide in the darkness, then why not come out and face him instead?!
But what most dumbfounded the duo, was at the fact, that it was easy. It was so easy to break out, and leave the shelter. That’s when it finally dawned on them that it was a setup. They wanted them to think that they had an upper hand.
He sighed again. His eyes barely scanning the sunlit photo frame on his coffee table. It was of him, Tony, and Natasha with a fan at a Manhattan diner. It was around Halloween, and the little girl was in her homemade 'Black Widow' outfit.
Were they able to call for any assistance? Nope. That’s one of the many downfalls of being an international fugitive.
Tony quit stirring the pot and looked back to the super-soldier. Steve was standing awkwardly across from him. Continually leaning on one foot to the other.
He gazed back over to Steve and noticed that he hadn't moved at all, besides his head. Or changed his expression for that matter. This mutual feeling must be really affecting him.
Steve was a little nervous about Tony and Bucky meeting again. Since the last time they had met was definitely not great. However, much to his shock. The two seemed cordial around each other, only exchanging a few words here and there.
It fell silent between the two. The only sound being the birds chirping in the morning light. And the wind slightly howling across the trees. Then, Pepper sighed and continued the conversation.
He eventually reached the lab, and peered into the windows. He couldn't see Tony from where he was standing, so he moved to the door way. Looking through the window slit, he could see the philanthropist more clearly. He was still gazing upon Loki's Scepter. Tony was in his zone, and he really didn't want to bother him, as he looked fine from what he could see. But he’d remembered Pepper's concerned look. He didn't want to take back his word, especially to someone who seemed to trust him. Trust was a huge virtue to Steve.
“Yes, but I remember Ullapool. From my war days. If that’s where they are sending the weapons, then it should be a piece of cake. Considering the fact that at least know the place.”.
Steve's look of dejection eventually turned to a smirk of amusement. He then noticed that Tony was leaning on the door for support. "Are you alright there, Tony?".
“I really don’t care to hear about how you’re going to help me. Because it’s all for the sake of publicity. It
There were many days where he just wanted to pick up the burner phone, in his right pocket, and call him. But not even that, he wished he could talk to him, like face to face.
The others nodded in response, the rest of the night being a blur. And with that, Steve spent the next few days looking at several houses along the upper east coast. Each one ranging from a typical suburban home to a small cottage in the mountains. With each house being a disappointment or a letdown.
She looked in the bathroom to see if he was taking a shower, or even on the toilet, nope. As a little joke to herself, she checked under the bed.
His mind was so determined to shut Steve Rogers out his life, that sometimes, he contradicted it. It’s been a year, and Tony still couldn’t get Steve out of his head. Even with his situation with Peter, and Pepper, and what was left of the ‘Avengers’.
Especially the kid. Peter was too young. His life hadn’t even started yet. That was the true wretched nature of that day. The innocents, the young, all wiped from existence.
Wanda let her fingers slip away, and sat her hands back in her lap. Once again thinking about her situation.
A few seconds passed, and the creature was now at least 9 feet tall. But then, it halted as if something was blocking it from any further elevation. It looked to Steve, still with no face.
The only time that ever Tony ever felt comfortable with her, was the more private moments they had. When they would snuggle, when they would joke around-act like a bunch of goofballs, and of course when they had sex.
I'm walking over to you right now. Look out your left window. Yet as you get out of the car, make sure to laugh like I said something funny.
"Viz, as blissful as that sounds. You know I can't." She said sorrowfully, "I cannot just abandon our plan, for... a life that we had put ourselves into.".
Tony wasn't even paying attention to him at this point, as his eyes were glued to the outside streets of Manhattan. The streets were covered in snow, as the Christmas season was once again upon them. Yet the usual holly-jolly festivities, weren’t going to be that merry this year. This holiday was going to be vastly different.
Nat and Clint nodded, before sitting with Tony at the table. Clint cleared his throat, ready for his statement to fall off his lips. Clint always has been the one man in life, who can find out about situations quickly. So it didn't surprise Tony, what Clint had asked.
The property itself, consisting of 1400 sq ft, in total. With the addition of a boathouse, and a greenhouse, on one end of the property (which faced the river), and a garage with a one-way driveway (which faced the main road), on the other end.
His fists smashing any inch of body he could see. Almost like a rage monster, Sam felt himself go haywire on this man. That is until he could hear his companion grunting in pain.
This, amusingly, confused the brunette. Steve seemed different tonight. Letting Tony help him with his wardrobe. Was staring at him tonight. And then had the balls to ask him for a dance. It wasn't like Steve to be a little rash, or unguarded, with these type of situations.
That meant that Tony was the only one missing a room. And he sure as hell wasn't sleeping on the sofas with Clint. The man snored in his sleep, really loud sometimes.
The only men left we're Happy, Bruce, Bucky, Sam, and Clint. Who were all outside. However, Steve smiled, and softly cried as well. The shadow’s mannerisms, hairstyle, and sweater he wore, pretty much gave him away.
Although, who was she kidding. She had like 4 dads now. Tony, Steve, and Bruce, being the most persistent. She'd like to think that Bruce was her confidence-boosting, protective father. While Tony and Steve were the playful, yet strict type of parents. Who, typically worried for her safety and well-being every single second of the day. Hell, Steve was up to his seventh parenting book.
"And we think we've figured it out," Bruce interjected. "So we've all collectively come up with a few solutions for you.".
Steve looked at him before looking at his feet in shame. How Tony could read him like a book, he'll never know.
"Alright, Me and Your Boo, Tony, will fly back to Shield to prevent any retaliation from Fury. Just be back here in an hour." Hill announced as she took Pepper and their ship back to Shield.
So that morning, the super-soldier had to go through his contacts and call any who he knew that could be willing to help. He wasn't even shocked at how many ended up saying 'yes'.
Walking down the hall, she once again expected to find her husband and Steve in a position. Or at least hear it. Again, it was silent. She gave another relieving sigh and took Morgan to her room. Pepper gave a kiss on Morgan's head, as she laid her to bed.
And when minutes started to feel like hours, both men were now getting worried. With every second, Steve continuously looked back to the entrance of the property, hoping to see a car enter. Even so, Steve was just ready to see the inside of this place. To him, the interior of a home told more of a story than the exterior. It was this mindset that the blonde had had when looking for his new house.
Speaking of Steve, his night was quite different from Tony's. He had no freaky dream, no pep talk in the morning, and no body ache to complain about. He felt just fine. Knowing Tony, it would be better if he had forgot the night before as well. And he did rather quickly. Not to say that it wasn't easy. Steve's only relationship was Peggy. And god, how he missed her every day.
"Sorry about that. Really, Now... your gonna tell us where your shipments are heading to?! Right now!".
“Well I don’t mean to burst your bubble. But you're wrong. Me and Cap never had feelings like that toward each other.” Tony stated defiantly.
, was the name on the for-sale sign, so they suspected that that's the woman they're meeting. Tony swears he heard that name before. But let's just say it wasn't anything to be discussed at the dinner table, if you get what he means.
"After this whole mission or really whatever assignment Fury wants us for. Let's have a guys night. Stress-free. Or at least less obligated to be arriving somewhere else." Steve exhorted.
And not even that, he'd do it just to give Tony some long-overdue comfort that he certainly needed. That part was perfectly clear to Tony's mind. But Tony has never really felt any emotions/feelings like that, towards men before.
Tony stood frozen. But he wasn't scared anymore. No, the brunette was intrigued, and almost happy, in the sense. He had completely forgotten about his makeshift lab down here. Which mainly consisted of scraps of metal, blueprints for new projects (Like one for a Captain America suit for Steve, but with a few 'technological' advancements), a finished hand repulsor, and a small rock floating in the air.
He pictured a typical American family, eating roast by a dimly lit fireplace. Smiles, and laughs filled the room. That and a mischievous dog eating the scraps under the table. It almost gave the philanthropist some envy about his rough upbringing. That is until he noticed, Steve's ever so present expression of sadness.
