“Life. His mind and it’s unfortunate tendency to go to dark places. I believe that if he had succumbed fully again it would have been for the last time.”
He turns back to John, caught off guard by this reaction but now realising he’s somehow gotten hold of the wrong end of the stick.
"Yes, and you've memorised nothing and never compose!" John shouts, then falls quiet. After long moments of silence he comes over and puts his hands on Sherlock's hips, sighing deeply. "I'm sorry. I know this is devastating for you. The truth is, I'm afraid too. But we will figure this out. Until then, how about I try not to take it out on you if you try not to take it out on me?"
John closes his eyes. “I didn’t handle that well. I should have said something sooner. I just… I want to understand you. Your past. Whatever is going on with Irene Adler. Why you don’t want… haven’t wanted… what we had before. I need to know what you want from me. From us.”
They turned down what looked like a street but quickly turned into the barest of alleys. There was a short wire fence half way down the length. John grinned. No sooner had the stranger halted to climb over it, a height John could have easily leapt over these days, than John was upon him. He wrested the gun out of his hand and punched him in the face with it.
“Sleep now, John,” Sherlock informs him, appearing to fall instantly unconscious after uttering those words.
John couldn’t think of anything else the box number could be. As for the password, that was trickier. John’s own name was ten letters but that was far too obvious, even for him. Something to do with a case, perhaps, one of their last? “Baskerville” and “Reichenbach” had been the last big ones they solved together, both eleven letters. “Irene Adler” was ten letters, but she didn’t have anything to do with John, unless Sherlock was in the mood to be cruel.
"She'll think you've been sent to work with her. Play it carefully and she might tell you something useful without you having to actually know anything. Charm her, keep her distracted, and do your best to separate her from her personal effects. I'll do the rest. If she starts acting suspicious, get out."
"If he wanted to discuss it, he'd have told me. But I wanted to clear the air between us, because I've come to consider you a dear friend, Sherlock."
Luck is with him then, an older woman with “supervisor” scrawled all over her sour expression breaks in from behind the desk – John realises with a start that  she’s been there this whole time, he simply hadn’t noticed her presence at all.
John froze. He took a deep breath and forced himself to calm, despite the fact that his heart was still racing.
“Anyway,” John continues cheerfully. “Would you mind giving this one some information about a more healthy and humane way to eat while I look around. He might listen to you, he’s gone stone deaf to me!”
Greg grunts and settles into the sagging chair across from him. "I assume this means you ran down that lead I gave you."
A slight tensing of Sherlock’s shoulder blades is the only sign that he’s heard, and John walks out the door without another look at him, slamming it behind him.
He's stayed down just long enough to trigger John's concern. That won't do. He shifts just slightly so John can't see his face, and pretends to be inspecting his foot. "Yes, of course," he says calmly. "Uneven paving stone."
Sherlock ignored him and continued without a break in tempo, hands clasped behind his back, fingers worrying at each other. John could see he was getting nowhere. With a noise of frustration he slammed the door, threw himself back in bed, and pulled his pillow over his head.  He slept fitfully the rest of the night, the rhythm of footsteps echoing in his dreams.
But even after a couple of months something continues to haunt him. One day, while John is away visiting Harry, who Sherlock will still not abide, Sherlock finds himself buying a train ticket to Northumberland.
“Well, whatever we do, we had better do it fast – you need a hospital, Sherlock, there’s more damage than I can fix on my own.”
"Yes," he tells her. "You're right. And I've had him every single way you could possibly think of, and probably a few you couldn't."
Sherlock shakes his head, impatiently, running a hand through his hair in frustration. He speaks in a clipped, urgent voice, wanting John to understand but annoyed by having to explain. “I don’t know. I can’t want it, I shouldn’t want it, it’s wrong, it’s a distraction, it’s against everything I’ve taught myself to be, but I do. And I’m tired, John. Tired of fighting it, tired of pretending I don’t have to fight it. It’s…it’s too much. And I don’t want to die without knowing what it’s like, what you feel like, what you taste like… I can’t do it any longer.”
The only one he had any real contact with was Lestrade. He blamed Lestrade too, but the man seemed to accept it, patiently and with grace. He demanded that Lestrade investigate the incident. The prevailing story was that the poor, put-upon actor Richard Brook, whose life Sherlock had ruined with his lies, had been unable to stand it any longer and had shot himself on the roof in front of Sherlock. Sherlock had felt so guilt-ridden after this that he had confessed his fraud and taken his own life.
She moved in front of him and carefully entered a long string of letters and numbers, shielding her fingers from his view. Then she motioned for him to do the same.
"No!" The loudness of John's response shocks them both and they subside into silence again. After minutes, hours, decades, John finally says in a barely audible whisper, "Do you know what the worst part is? I mean, aside from it being my fault and aside from the fact that I think I might have made every day we had together a little bit more painful for her?"
“Well, if you recall, in the middle of it you mentioned that we’d better look into making sure we had the right legal documents done in case something happened to you - or both of us - so that Rosie was taken care of. You said you’d never had a will and that mine was probably no longer valid since I’d already died once, and you were worried about what might happen. And then the bird-man hit you on the head with the bassoon and we never finished the conversation?”
Molly finally whips her head round to fix him in her sights. “You tell me, oh great and powerful student of human nature. Why would a man who’s just lost the person who meant the world to him want to see that person again? To say goodbye? To make sure?”
“I do think you shouldn’t be quite so quick to resort to implications regarding my sexual proclivities, Sherlock, given what I know of you,” Mycroft replies mildly. “But I shall give it a pass under the circumstances. You know where to reach me should you require diversion.”
Heaving a great sigh of injustice, Sherlock gets out of his chair and pounds up the stairs, at loudly as possible. John waits about thirty seconds and follows him.
He gets nothing else out of her and they ride in silence for nearly an hour, seeming to take a ridiculously circuitous route to wherever they are going. The car pulls to a stop in the middle of a large industrial complex, now mostly abandoned and in disrepair. John has no idea what part of London he is in.
“No, dear brother,” Sherlock said tightly. “He wants to destroy me. And my only chance at escaping such an end is to learn enough to destroy him first.”
“You were gone. Think better up here. Needed to think about you to think about him. First I was hot, then I was cold,” he gestured helplessly to the trousers.
He feels bad for Molly, and wonders if he should tell her and put her out of her misery. She’d find out eventually; there was more than enough evidence now to have tongues wagging, especially on the force, but they hadn’t actually
“Your body tenses unconsciously in very specific ways when you’re contemplating sex, depending on exactly what act you’re thinking of and whether you have just done it or would like to do it. Your breathing and body temperature indicated you were being turned on by something already done, most like very recently, and the sympathetic clenching of your—”
"The mighty Sherlock Holmes, taken out by a lowly paving stone...Can you put weight on it?" John asks.
John can’t help but cry out again, as the initial shock recedes enough for the pain to start intensifying. Sherlock involuntarily looks to him, giving the killer the moments he needs to turn tail and run.
“Sherlock…oh my God,” he said, quickly cataloging Sherlock’s injuries and taking his vitals. “What has he done?”
similar.” Sherlock had lost him in the gloom, but could still detect the sound of his footprints, circling.
John puts up a hand. “I’m not asking you for anything, I’m not expecting anything, I don’t even know what I want, really. I just wanted you to know that… that it isn’t just you. If it happens again, I don’t want you to think you’re forcing yourself on me or something. I’m just as confused as you are here, but I don’t want you be ashamed or guilty about anything.”
“But you didn’t feel like you had to,” Sherlock presses. “You wanted to, you had hormonal urges, but you thought about it and made a decision. You told me that. And you could have decided it was a bad idea and walked away. You, John Watson, decided you wanted me, as I am, not some fuzzy idealized version of me. And I decided the same. Neither one of us has to be someone we’re not or pretend anything. Despite our respective powerful urges, we walked in with clear eyes, we each made a choice. That’s why it’s better.” He looks exhausted from having to explain this to John.
The drugging, the locking John in the lab while he nearly lost his mind with fear to strange hallucinations, brought on partially by Sherlock himself – that John can get over more quickly. In fact, it nearly seems normal, although that is not going to stop John from giving Sherlock at least a little hell over it. He can’t be allowed to think that sort of behaviour is actually acceptable, even if John does ultimately tolerate it.
Sherlock shakes his head. “It was like this when I got here. It doesn’t make sense. Why break his pattern now? Why do it in the first place. There is no sense to it, no note explaining. Why bring her here? Why use his hands? Why kill himself with a gun before his pattern was complete? What was this all about? I can’t even ask him.
Sherlock starts at his perineum and licks upward in long, deep, sure strokes. He develops a slow but constant rhythm with his tongue, unrelenting and unwavering, that makes John tingle and ache in places he didn’t even know he had.
John appears to accept that. “Anything else? Anything biological or chemical either of us has been exposed to? I mean, you did point out you have enemies… could this be intentional…?”
There were some margin notes, barely legible and in Croatian, from Mr. Božić that referenced locations. One was, unsurprisingly, Vienna. There were others. London. Cairo. Helsinki. Johannesburg. John sighed. He couldn’t investigate all those places, and even if he tried, he’d need something more specific than just a city name. He had a feeling Moran would not be an easy man to find, even if he was right under John’s nose. And even if he did find Moran, it was no guarantee he would find Sherlock.
Sherlock replaces the phone and focuses again on John. “I presume you went to Bryant’s office, discovered an imposter there, wearing his clothes judging by this jacket, engaged in a fight and pursuit, and then allowed him to escape without finding out any meaningful information from him.”
In the darkest hours of the early morning, he goes down to the docks. His target isn't hard to locate and, while the gangplank is guarded, the young man standing watch could not look less interested in his duty. He's chain smoking and looking at his mobile most of the time.
Sherlock waves him off. “We’re talking about you. We’ll go to that café with the pastry…things… you like near the Yard.” He throws John’s jacket at him and all but drags him through the door. John lets himself be manhandled out of the house.
He feels it start deep in John's abdomen, quivering around him, almost too much for his current sensitivity but he doesn't care, he delights in the too-strong sensation as it spreads through John's whole body. John is quaking with anticipation, and a few more long strokes from Sherlock are all it takes before he jerks sharply upward and calls Sherlock's name almost in desperation. Sherlock holds him tightly as he finishes, finally feeling John's warmth spill over onto his hand even as every fiber of his being softens.
"You were there. You were what, twenty metres away from me? You heard everything I said and couldn't find it in your heart to give me an iota of hope. You had a whole year to contact me, anything, even just one word in a text message, and chose not to. You just walked away, didn't you?"
John Watson is having possibly the loveliest weekend of his existence, never mind that it’s technically Thursday.
John is indeed gaining on the man, with Sherlock just keeping up when everything goes dark. Completely dark, like a light switch being flipped in a windowless room. Before Sherlock can even fully register what's happened, he stumbles and slams into the pavement.
“Both of you, just knock it off,” the female says sharply. She’s surveying the compound carefully. She’s the only one who expects trouble.
“No…no! He is playing a game, but it’s not with us. It’s with himself. Something’s wrong here…we’ve been looking at this wrong. John, get me a list of all the victims' home addresses and ages. Exact ages!” He jumps up and pulls several large maps of London off the bookcase and spreads them out on the floor, muttering to himself. When John brings him the addresses, he begins to mark them on the map in red, while muttering to himself.
“I’m serious. You treat a woman who looks twice at me like prey, but a man practically tries to put his tongue down my throat and it’s a source of light amusement. I’m lost.”
He makes for the door but John is quicker, springing out of bed and blocking his path. “So that’s it, then? A twelve-week mistake is all this has been? You’re not getting out of this that easy.”
John knows he should talk to Sherlock. He’s always been able to reach him before, no matter how closed off, no matter how distant, no matter the knots and convolutions required of the English language to achieve some level of discourse. But this time he doesn’t know how. He doesn’t understand what this woman has done to his friend, can’t process it in any way that makes sense for the man he knows. Thinks he knows. Whatever Sherlock has been through of late, he’s placed the experience so tightly under lock and key that the rest of him seems to have gone with it.
Sherlock keeps his body a respectable distance from John’s, but sweeps him along smoothly, telegraphing every step. He’s right, it really is simple when your partner knows what he’s doing. And Sherlock definitely knows what he’s doing. He dances with an easy, careless grace, like he’s been doing this his whole life. All John has to do is follow. That’s all John ever has to do, really.
“Who knows what logic my brother follows? I believe it was an experiment, since he’d never tried it before. Perhaps he was actually lonely. I couldn’t say. He could certainly afford 221B on his own with his stipend. But I’m positive he never expected to meet anyone as tolerant and compatible with his lifestyle as you have been. I certainly didn’t. In fact, I was pretty sure no such person existed. My point is, for better or worse, you’ve become integral to my brother’s existence and are only likely to grow more so.”
“Well, it’s actually a bit beyond that, sir. No animal products at all, not in food or cosmetics or clothing.”
“Splitting headache, dry mouth, patchy memory, nausea,” Sherlock says dismissively. “I prefer you to sleep downstairs.”
“Yeah, I kind of noticed that,” John said, rubbing the cut on his head. “And I could ask you the same damn thing. What do you think you’re playing at, running straight into a trap after I specifically asked you… you promised me…”
“In fact, given the traumatic circumstances of our first meeting with her, it shouldn’t really be surprising that she would be connected with a new manifestation of the injury.” John’s voice is confident and professional and calm, everything he doesn’t feel right now.
texts, once again interjecting herself into their lives at the worst possible moment. It wouldn’t be so bad if she hadn’t apparently broken into their flat and left a present for Sherlock, if John hadn’t decided to make an issue of it right then, if Sherlock hadn’t completely refused to discuss it with him. But mostly it wouldn’t be so bad if it all didn’t mean that she was dead.
Moriarty was silent for a few moments. The footsteps had stopped. Sherlock cocked his head trying to locate him. Suddenly, he felt hot breath on the nape of his neck.
“Please, Greg. You have to trust me on this one. Have I ever asked you for something like this, ever before?”
The ringleader has turned now, cursing and reaching inside his jacket. Sherlock jumps and scrambles over the slick wall and tumbles down the other side just as his captor produces a pistol. He hits the stone hard, the drop being farther on that side than he had calculated, but forces himself up instantly and bolts into the shadows, hoping none of them is committed enough to follow him the same way, or at least that the wall and drop will give them pause.
Sherlock turns his focus immediately back to John. “Well, I’m sure it’s too late to get your money back on the hotel, but it can’t be helped. Now, what we really should start with is—”
“I know I shouldn’t impose on you like this,” Victor says. “But I had to come and see… I just couldn’t believe…” He chokes back tears and John awkwardly puts a bracing hand on his shoulder to steady him.
John grins and pulls Sherlock's head down to kiss him. And suddenly, for the first time in years, Sherlock feels like the world is right again. Like he's home.
The next day and a half proves to be incredibly, surprisingly wonderful. John does not normally enjoy inactivity for long periods, but spending time with Sherlock like this, to have him both still and present for more than a few moments, is unprecedented and he is not about to complain. He has enough chances to get up and stretch his legs when Sherlock is sleeping, which is often, or when he’s been ordered to prepare more food. Sherlock is consuming huge portions of anything rich, fatty, or sweet he can get, and it warms John’s heart to watch him eat heartily.
Sherlock recalibrates to the concept that John may need a bit more time than he’d initially calculated and sets about to restore the rest of his existence to its proper order. He dislikes change unless it’s his idea, and this forced sabbatical had definitely not been in that category. The sooner he can get everything back the way it was, the better.
John nearly comes as soon as he feels Sherlock’s lips around him, but manages to hold on, making himself breathe and wrapping one hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck while the other grips the duvet for purchase. He bucks his hips into Sherlock, who holds them tightly to bed with both hands as he slides his lips to the base of John’s shaft and sucks with purpose, taking nearly all of John into his mouth and skilfully running his tongue up and down John’s length.
John smiles, but does not immediately reach for his hand despite being sorely tempted. The idea is in Sherlock’s brain now, he’ll work around to the experimental phase in his own time. Instead, John changes the subject. “That place was ghastly. I mean I’m all for health food but fermented bean curd? Millet seed? I don’t think I’ll feel quite right again until I’ve had a had a gigantic steak.”
Moran gulped, and nodded in terror. John and Sherlock marched him outside. “Take that truck,” Sherlock said, motioning to a vehicle waiting by the gate. “Spread the good word.”
They walk in silence for awhile and then John offers, “It wasn’t distasteful, by the way. The playacting. It was kind of nice.”
John knows the ritual, even he doesn't partake himself, he’s seen Sherlock do it hundreds of times, understands how important it is for Sherlock's state of mind. Especially right now.
“I know it seems that way, but if it were my feelings why would it get less bright when you move away from me? Why would you have trouble observing when I’m not there? Why would there be any light at all when I sleep?”
Sherlock blinks at John and swallows dryly, moving nearer to the doctor. “My heart was broken once,” he murmurs, as if he is speaking from a long way off.
A pause. “Her… heart?” Sherlock whispers at last, as if this had not occurred to him before. He rallies. “Well, provided she doesn’t get too attached…”
Sherlock found he was beginning to back away, and forced himself to stand his ground. “I think you underestimate my abilities,” he said with false calm.
“So, if I’m a white dwarf star, what does that make you?” John asks, when the afterglow has dimmed enough to speak.
“Really, all?” John is sceptical. “So, that’s it then. He gets himself arrested, he gets himself acquitted, he joins you for tea, the end?”
She’s funny and sarcastic and smart. Kind, but also a little mean and more than a little weird, and she slides into his life before he has a chance to question it or feel guilty. She makes him laugh, and more than that, she makes him happy. Really happy. And the hole Sherlock left in his life doesn’t hurt any less for all that, but somehow the two things manage to co-exist, which is a good deal better than it was before.
“That part is irrelevant. He’s come to trust you, moreover, to need you. The longer it carries on, the more devastated he will be if you ever decide to end your… friendship. If you’re going to do it, better sooner.”
They are quiet, desperate, and violent, biting and clawing at each other, not holding back, John leaving marks and wanting to be marked in return, wanting to inflict and receive pain because it’s all he knows anymore. The energy between them is darker than even their harshest previous encounters, some quite rough but never tinged by genuine malice before. It’s not long before they are naked, and John, without preamble, grabs the bottle of lube and condoms from his drawer and tosses them at Sherlock. “Here. Use them.”
Sherlock breaks into a sprint and hears John do likewise. He can easily outpace John when walking, but at a dead run John is ultimately faster. He's not surprised, then, when John flies past him in only a few moments. They skid around a corner after the suspect, ending up in a wide alley. He's fast but Sherlock suspects he's lacking in stamina. They shouldn't have much trouble catching up.
None of his other searches yield anything immediately suspicious either. None of the companies or organisations bearing the name seem like fronts, although if there’s one thing he’s learned from his time working with Sherlock it’s that almost anything can be.
“Oh, of course, how silly of me,” John retorts. “Because the cases you decide to go out on aren’t merely dictated by whim of the moment, there’s a logic to it.”
“Wait, is that possible?” John asks. “I thought it didn’t stay in the bloodstream long at all. Plus, I’m fine.”
“Oh, I just informed my brother that Sir Robert over there has been funnelling Ministry of Defence funding not to the domestic anti-terrorism project he’s been appointed to supervise but to a rather lavish vacation home in southern Spain. And a rather young Spanish gentleman who attends him there.”
John may not the best detective, but when it comes to Sherlock he’s pretty damn good at seeing when he’s heading somewhere. “You think… you think this has something to do with the poisoning don’t you? But they’re completely different in every way.”
This was the first concrete proof he had had of Sherlock’s being solidly alive, and it was almost too much for him. John forced himself to keep it together. There would be time for emotional displays when he actually found him. He squinted at the tiny writing. It said “
Sherlock is silent for a moment, then slowly comes up behind him and puts his hands on John’s shoulders. “You care about me?” he asks hoarsely.
“Oh, don’t act so surprised. I know Mycroft told you everything so you could babysit me for him. You just couldn’t find all the secret hiding places!” He giggled.
“Because you’re still here,” answers John, teasing fingers dancing up the inside Sherlock’s naked arm as he holds his face just inches away from his lover’s.
“No.” Sherlock looms over John, shaking with the effects of the drugs and rage. “I am sick of being handled!”
He begins to feel ashamed, dirty, but John forces Sherlock’s attention back to him before the emotion can penetrate. “Now,” he says, and rolls onto his back, pulling Sherlock down to him. Sherlock obliges, still trembling with his own release, wrapping his mouth around John and tasting his own semen on John’s head. John is so close, skirting the edge, and after only a few long licks, the barest amount of pressure, John is arching up, shaking, spilling himself into Sherlock and then trickling hot and pungent down the back of his mouth. Sherlock swallows, eliciting as much gratification from the taste, the sensation of John giving him everything, as he had from his own pleasure.
Sherlock dropped his voice to a hoarse whisper. “That, and where ever you go, you will tell anyone who has worked for you or Moriarty or who might have any connection with any of Moriarty’s plans regarding me, that at the first sign of any attempt to follow through on threats to my life, my reputation, John’s life, or the lives or livelihoods of any of my associates I will hunt them down and repay them in kind for whatever they’ve done, as well as for every cut, blow, and broken bone that you have given me. And then I will do the same to you. And then I will let John kill you. Does that sound like a fair deal,
This time John smiles into his friend’s chest. “Nothing quite so dramatic. I left  my life in an Italian restaurant to run after a madman who thought he was a detective.”
“He was very tall and pale, sir. English, like you. He wore a long coat and had dark hair, and cold eyes. He said the usual contact was no longer in Mr. Moran’s employ, that he was taking over the position and that I should prepare a shipment immediately. I told him that one was not due for another month, only half the items had arrived, but he said Mr. Moran wanted everything I had at once. I did as he told me, and he said he would return to collect it personally and that I should not send it with anyone else. But that was two weeks ago and I have had no word.”
“Keeping an eye on them and tending to the captives we rescued. Four warehouse workers, a vice president, and the CEO. I rather think he’s about to get a promotion. He held up surprisingly well, considering.”
John slid onto the floor as well, his back to the sofa and Sherlock’s head by his thigh. “I think we passed. There is one more test to be sure, though,” he added coyly.
“Of course I’m mocking you! You think you’re the first person to be bullied at school or discouraged by an awful teacher? Rejected by a girl, fired from your job? What, did a priest touch you when you were a kid? You got kicked out of your garden club because you made the ladies uncomfortable? So what! You think your pain is special? It’s not. Almost no one’s is. On the grand scale of human suffering your pain isn’t even a blip at the bottom. And there are plenty of people with far worse of a lot than you who didn’t decide to deal with it by murdering or framing everyone who was mean to them when they were in short pants! What a spectacular waste of a mind.”
However, the last thing John could have expected upon returning to Sherlock in the dominatrix’s surprisingly respectable sitting room is to see him straddled by a very beautiful, very naked woman. The image is so irrational that John can’t quite manage to process what he’s seeing. It’s far and away more surprising than being hijacked in a helicopter by the government to find Sherlock pants-less and defiant in one of the most hallowed buildings in the country.
“Not actually,” Sherlock says finally, his voice rough and halting. “The normal routine wasn’t working. I needed something more. I just needed something to feel good again.”
“Oh, not at all. Jim’s death was entirely of his own making. Just because you are involved with someone doesn’t mean you don’t realize when they are completely batty as well as devastatingly brilliant. Jim may not have cared about money or power or anything but his own schemes, which might well have been part of his success, but I very much do care about money and power and I can assure you my reasons for bringing you here are strictly business-related.”
“Sherlock, I swear to God…” John exclaims angrily, but Sherlock waves dismissively at him after glancing briefly at the message.
When Sherlock comes to he is expertly tied to a chair in what he can safely assume from the soured yeasty smell and the muffled noise above is the cellar of the same pub. There are three men in the room, the largest of whom he recognises as his first assailant and all of whom seem to be quite eager to chat with him. He gives no sign of consciousness at first, while he assesses his situation through the hair that’s fallen over his eyes.
He disembarked, shakily, at the Ivalo airport. Was it possible to get PTSD from an aeroplane ride? He stumbled outside, hoping for signs to indicate which way to the bus station. Glancing around in the dark, he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned towards it, but before he could focus, he felt a sharp prick in the back of his neck and then blackness overtook him.
“Good,” says John. “Then we’re going to continue on the assumption that this is a medical condition. Not everything shows up on a scan. Blood tests will tell us more. Now, let’s go home.”
Sherlock sweeps away, followed by the reluctant Bryant. John’s still concerned he might lose it, possibly in such a way as to get them all in trouble. Sherlock’s not exactly sensitive to that sort of thing, although he does have a certain skill in controlling people’s moods for short periods when he needs something from them, so perhaps it will be okay.
Left things? For John? He could hardly believe his luck. Then again, was it luck if Sherlock was behind it? He followed her gladly back down the stairs and into the basement of the house. It was filled with cardboard boxes, in various stages of decay. Apparently Sherlock wasn’t the only tenant to leave things behind. She rummaged for a few minutes and then turned up a small box and handed it to John.
The lanky redhead stands stooped in the doorway, looking drawn and worn, no trace of his normal cheer left in him. He looks like a different person, and about a thousand years older. John wonders if he looks that bad. Or worse. He wonders how long its been since he bathed.
“I wanted you, John. I wanted you so badly it wasn’t enough to be in control, I wanted to be out of control, I wanted to have you in every way it was possible to have a person, and for you to have me.” Sherlock’s eyes were shining, as if he desperately wanted John to understand something but couldn’t quite say what he meant.
“So did I. This is much more interesting. Better get ready now so we can collect Bryant and be in place well before midnight.”
With three of them in the cab, John can hardly go and storm it. They’d have him in an instant. Carefully, he edges around to the back of the vehicle and climbs silently inside, hiding himself in a little corner of darkness made by the back door frame. Sometimes being small is no bad thing. He pulls out his gun and then knocks loudly, three times on the metal.
“Oh, thank God,” he says, sinking to the ground against a nearby tree, his body having finally caught up with what’s happened to him now that the adrenaline is used up, swelling pinching nerves along his spine. No amount of willpower will make his legs carry him further.
As soon as the words are out of his mouth, Molly slaps him across the face, drawing blood with fingernails. He freezes, staring at her furious, determined face and coming out of the insanity that had been possessing him.
John gets up from the table and Sherlock hears his chair creaks as he settles in it. Sherlock follows suit. The ritual helps.
No sooner has John left him than the train begins to slow for the next stop. Suddenly, Sherlock can picture it all with frightening clarity.
the fastest way to accomplish something. But it’s not… it’s not good enough to justify cutting yourself up on a whim or risking frying your brain or letting someone try to kill you just to get data!”
There's silence on the line for a second, but then, with disarming mildness, Lestrade's voice says slowly, "Well, that's fine with me. I've been trying to you get down here for days. Don't you ever read Mrs. Hudson's notes? I need to talk to you about someone."
When he's done Victor looks stunned and pale. He makes a little motion like he wants to reach out to Sherlock but aborts it.
On his way out he dares to ask to Sherlock about the song, about what he’s thinking, about anything at all. Sherlock shows the first flash of life he’s had in days, and of course it’s about her. He’s still trying to work out how to get into that damnable phone of hers. As it if still matters. As if it’s just a case and not a way to digitally resurrect her on some level.
She smiled sheepishly. “Nothing. Just lately I can’t seem to shake the feeling that when you text me that you’re coming over, you aren’t going to make it here.”
It hurts more, something he hadn't thought possible, crushing him with guilt and regret. But it also allows Sherlock's loss to fit into a worldview he can accept as reality. A perverted and depraved reality in which supervillains exist and triumph, but somehow less irrational than a world in which Sherlock Holmes, with whom he had shared home and hearth and bed, was a suicidal fraud.
Sherlock presses his lips together anxiously. “Even I know I’m not a suitable guardian for a child. I’m not stable. Or safe. I don’t remember when she needs meals or naps or what toy she likes best this week. I don’t help you unless you practically force me. I wouldn’t blame if you’d decided that this… isn’t a good idea after all.”
“I don’t know, I didn’t hear the first half. You do realise I can’t simultaneously be in the other room and in here, right?”
John squeezes his arm through his soaked coat. “Now, do you think it might just be possible that it’s similar for me when you’re in danger, when you're hurt?”
which might as well be his skin, with a level of familiar intimacy even he doesn’t dare uninvited. She’s wearing it like a trophy, smug and catlike as if she’s won a contest he didn’t even know he was in.
"There are about three important-looking people who seem like they are about to come talk to you. Unless you want to explain what you're so angry about on such a lovely evening, or who I am, you should take my arm like you're smitten and find a private corner to discuss this."
"Damn it, he went up!" He hears John curse from somewhere up ahead. "We'll never be a match for him on the roofs. Bloody acrobat."
to show up. I suppose I should have known. No need for threats - I know what you have and I know when I’m beaten.” Her voice is deeper, raspier than he remembers.
Sherlock was tied, rather tightly, to a large chair in a high-ceilinged room. The walls were lined with heads of large game animals – wolf, moose, lion, ibex, rhino. It was both impressive and disturbing. A fire roared in the large fireplace, but aside from Sherlock and the taxidermy the room was empty and remained so for several minutes. He tested his bonds, but whoever had secured him this time had done a superior job and the chair was far too heavy for him to tip over.
Regaining his breath, he starts again, more carefully this time, avoiding touching anything or stepping on any suspicious-looking boards or rugs. He checks each door handle for a trigger. He sets off one or two more ingeniously hidden and fatal devices, but is quick enough to hear them coming and suffers nothing worse than a scratch above his ear from a blade intended to take off his head.
The bank lady was staring at him, this time with both eyebrows raised. “We can provide a room for you to view the contents in, if you will follow me.”
Taking a deep breath, he entered the huge bank. The lobby was gleaming, with white marble tile and a vaulted ceiling that went all the way to the top of the building, with all the floors visible from the center of the room. It smelled rich. Trying to act confident, he made his way to the reception desk, behind which sat a bored looking young man in a suit.
This was the wrong thing to say, but at least the anger was burning hot again. John’s eyes blazed at him and he leaned in closer. “If we have any chance of going back to the way things were, if I am going to be able to stand the sight of you, I need to know that you are never again going to keep things from me for what you think is my own good. Because this, this was
“Sherlock, when you’ve got a minute!” John shouts and then puts his head down and rams his opponent full force in the stomach, slamming him into another nearby pallet hard enough to keep him down for at least a few seconds. He jumps back so all four are in front of him and pulls out his Sig. “Stop! Right where you are, hands where I can see them.”
“Your loyalty is, as always, very touching,” she said, walking towards him with the grace of a panther.
"Right. Well, she wasn't mobile then. She's into everything now, and she's like some kind of demon speed crawler. One second turned away and God knows what she'd get her paws on in this place." He scans the sitting room, searching for any potentially toxic substances.
Still others he is quiet, focused, intense, saying not a word but approaching John with such dark gravity that John is silenced too, and something deep passes between them. It doesn’t matter how, John just wants it never to end, wants them to go on like this for eternity, flatmates, friends, partners, lovers, everything to each other, all the time.
Sherlock pushes the memory away. He can’t possibly do what lies ahead if he’s dwelling on the past or fearing the future. He takes a deep breath and carefully finds a place for the pain in his mind palace, folding it gently into rooms rarely used. Instead he brings out a version of the truth that can sustain him.
Outside of the bedroom things continue much as normal between them, which John finds both surreal and completely understandable. He hadn’t truly realised until they started sleeping together how much the rest of their lives already resembled that of two people in a relationship. Neither man is naturally effusive, and John knows Sherlock is unlikely to be willing to talk about such things outside of the immediate moment of intimacy. John doesn’t particularly feel the need to either.
"What I need is to be left alone," she snaps. "Every time they make contact like this they put me - and the job - at risk."
He knocked on the door, pulling his coat tightly around him. It was starting to shade towards evening and the wind was picking up. A middle aged woman dressed in a leopard print track-suit, wearing far too much make-up and costume jewelry, answered after a short wait. She said nothing, just gave him a suspicious look and took a drag on her cigarette.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “In fact, as I’ve mentioned many times, having an entire room of the flat that is barely used is really a terrible waste of space, there are so many better things—”
Lestrade was more than happy for the change of topic. “Here, don’t go in there like that. I brought you some clothes from your flat.”
"Twenty-two. I'm nearly twice his age. And he works for me, at least while he's still deciding on a graduate programme. It wouldn't be appropriate."
John texts Sherlock that he’s secured the outside, but isn’t surprised not to receive any response. He climbs up onto the loading dock and positions himself just to the side of the door, waiting for it to open. Long minutes go by and just as he’s about to start to worry that something’s gone off, he hears a loud grinding noise and the massive metal door creaks open. He can hear about four people right inside, struggling with something heavy.
Slowly Sherlock realises what John is telling him and a tiny, pleased smile makes its way to his lips. He shifts Rosie onto his hip. “John Watson, are you proposing to me?”
John gives him a half-hearted smile and McNabb punches his arm lightly before disappearing with the others.
Mycroft seemed relieved. “Moran. Sebastian Moran. And the last intel I had on Sherlock was that he was in Croatia.”
His blue eyes are bright, he’s clearly pleased with himself and is clutching a computer print-out. And he looks better than he did when John had first seen him again, no longer quite so thin-lipped and ragged. When he speaks, he’s a little breathless.
Moriarty sees him waver, smiles wolfishly, and goes up on his toes. "We can even let Doctor Watson live, if you like. He does make such a good pet." He presses his lips to Sherlock's, running his tongue enticingly along the crease of Sherlock's mouth. But he's too late. He's made a mistake.
"Shh," Sherlock hushes him, holding open the door to what once, a million years ago, had been John's bedroom. He taps his fingers nervously on his thigh as John enters. He's done his research, but he's still not sure he's gotten it at all right.
“Plenty. You’ve already done it, haven’t you? You stop in the middle of cases to let me eat. You let yourself be distracted by me. You go to bed sometimes when you’re not tired just so we can be together. You even made me breakfast that one time. You made room in your life for me. Has any of that made you someone else?”
! That was a good joke indeed. If tracking down a criminal he had never met until recently was a betrayal, then he was happy to play that part. He took out his phone and dialed the number, not as written but in its unscrambled form: (038) 8827-8835.
“In addition, there is this – I didn’t think it too relevant since I was planning on killing you anyway, but it seems I may need an extra inducement, both for you and Dr. Watson, if he’s as stubborn as you are.” He held up a mobile. Sherlock’s mobile, which he had left on the roof before he jumped. It had been supposed to reach Lestrade, his recorded conversation with Moriarty the only solid proof he had to clear his name when this was all over. Lestrade would have known what to do with it, kept it safe. Moran’s people must have gotten to it before anyone else could, probably when they went searching Moriarty’s body for the smartphone Sherlock had nicked.
John could see anger gathering in Mr. Božić’s face, but could also see that he bought the lie. “As you say,” he grumbled, and returned with a ledger book. “This is the only copy,” he assured John. “Now what about my payment?”
John lets out a long breath. "I think it might be a good time to break out that bottle you've got hidden around here somewhere."
John Watson sits at the kitchen table, having cleared a space for himself amongst all the experimental detritus, and lets his oatmeal go cold. Since the incident with the Baskerville drug, he’s been on edge. Nightmares of the effect it had on him are bad enough, but it’s the nightmares of Sherlock – Sherlock blind, Sherlock deaf, Sherlock nearly lost to him – that really haunt him. And the nightmares of what he’d done to get him back.
“Oh, please, enlighten me,” Sherlock snarls. “Tell me what I’m doing because I could otherwise have no possible way of knowing my own mind!”
Had it gone a microsecond longer, Sherlock would have given in. He’d have sat up, taken John in his arms one last time and murmured his deepest apologies into John’s sandy hair, holding him as tightly as he could while he waited for the bullets to pierce them both and hoping that in the highly improbable even that there was anything after this, that they would find each other.
Sherlock shakes his head. "The current treasurer of the Society is a woman who goes by the name Lady Sienna Forsythe, though of course that is false. She'll be the owner of those hairs you found at Bryant's house. Find her. I suspect that will be easy, by all accounts she's a difficult woman to miss. Make...friends... with her."
“Yes, I need to know, I can’t just…Well, I need to know.” John tells him firmly, even as he becomes very aware of Sherlock’s clean-but-musky scent in his nostrils and the lingering taste of breath mint and tobacco in his mouth.
"I don't know what you thought would happen when you came back," John says in that clipped tone which means he's finding it difficult to physically restrain himself. "But even you can't have been arrogant and callous enough to assume that you could just..."
His hand gripped the arm of the chair in John’s room, as John slept, and he realized he was craving a hit. He hadn’t in months, but the physical and mental stress of the past 24 hours was beginning to eat at him, and his mind was spiraling into dark places. He kept thinking about Moriarty. Moriarty with John strapped to a bomb. Moriarty with laser sights on John. John lying motionless on the pier. Had that been Moriarty’s doing, his opening gambit? Unlikely. It was too direct, lacking in elegance. He could not begin to deduce Moriarty’s plan until the other man made a move, and until then he was vulnerable on every side. And once he did make a move, it might be too late.
"I just came up here to tell you've got a phone call, is all. You really ought to replace your mobile."
They have never and will never say “I love you”. Such words are not in Sherlock's vocabulary. As for John, he feels too strongly to say it, as if to verbalize it would be to dilute it somehow. What is love, anyway, if not one life lived together, two bodies tangled beneath the sheets, curves fitting together just so? The willingness to kill, to die, to live for the other? The hand in the hair, the lips on the shoulder, the fierce, fierce, loyalty that overrides all other relationships, even those of blood?
He’s getting better. It only takes a word from John to stop him from starting in on Harry, a masterful show of self-control given his seemingly boundless loathing of her. And when he gleefully displays such breathtaking cruelty to Molly that she’s reduced to tears before them, he sees it. For once, he actually sees what he’s done and offers without prodding a quietly sincere apology and a chaste kiss.
Instantly alert, he jumps up and runs to the door. “Sherlock? Sherlock are you all right?” He tries the doorknob. It’s locked. Fear chokes his throat. “Sherlock, answer me or I’m breaking this door down right now!”
John tries to not to panic, coming up with places Sherlock might have popped off to for just a moment. Innocuous places like the corner shop or Scotland Yard. It doesn’t work. He scans the flat for a clue to Sherlock’s whereabouts. There is no trace of where he’s gone, but some of the evidence on the mirror over the fireplace has been rearranged, new notes written over the pictures. He must have figured something out in the night.
The next day, or maybe the day after that or even many days later - he’s lost his phone and seems to remember periods of aimless wakefulness and meaningless interactions with others about Sherlock and a burial and a will that might all have been dreams for all the impression they made on him - there’s a knock on the door. John hesitates to answer it.
She looks at him thoughtfully, with a decidedly predatory air, and he realises in all of fifteen minutes she's gone from distant aristocrat to vicious undercover operative to world weary foot soldier to, now, aggressive coquette. Who is this woman? Whoever she is, she's completely brilliant, and very possibly a psychopath. Before he can follow that train of thought, she has bent down and is kissing him. Not chastely.
It was more than an hour later when Sherlock was returned to his cell, bloodied and bruised, though it felt like much longer. He had never actually been tortured before, at least not physically, though John often referred to the way he treated his own body as torture. He had a high threshold for pain, and Moran was not particularly creative – knives and fists, he wasn’t even original in his cruelty – but he was surprised at his own visceral reaction to the experience. He wasn’t used to being so fully in someone else’s control, being violated in this way. He had retreated into his own mind as far as it was possible, but even he could not fully block out what was happening to his body.
He had really hoped that such a simple request could be handled without any actual personal contact with his brother. It was just paperwork after all, but he should have known Mycroft would want to meddle. He didn’t see any way out of meeting him, not if he hoped to get it taken care of quickly and quietly, and since the alternative was Mycroft coming to the flat, he opted to preserve his dignity and go to his office willingly. Semi-willingly.
, Sherlock. If there’s one thing a man should be able to trust, it’s that his friends aren’t attempting to poison his beverages. Or locking him up and running experiments on him when he’s unwittingly high out of his mind.”
PHYSIOLOGICALLY THERE STILL ISN’T ANYTHING WRONG. YOUR HEART RATE IS ELEVATED AND YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE, BUT THAT’S TO BE EXPECTED AFTER YOUR FRIGHT. I’M SORRY.
John doesn't move. IT'S AT HOME. I DIDN'T FEEL SAFE LEAVING IT IN THE HOSPITAL, IT'S LOCKED UP AT HOME AND I WAS GOING TO SEND IT BACK TO MYCROFT.
“Come off it,” she scoffs. “He wouldn’t have seen you unless you wanted him to. You were hiding from having to watch him come apart, so you could convince yourself he would recover. He won’t, you know.”
The two larger men, both beefy and likely slow, can be mostly dismissed from his attention at this time, with the exception of noting that the one with the shaved head who had wielded the hockey stick has a heroin problem and is concerned about his mistress finding out, and the shorter one with the greasy hair has a luxating patella and smokes heavily.
“Sort of. It’s a specialty paper company. We do some printing, though – mostly non-standard jobs with special requirements, like those large ad banners. I like it well enough, but it’s nothing I can imagine anyone would be envious of!”
When Sherlock wakes John is no longer in range, but has covered him with a blanket and is, by the smell of things, making Sherlock's favourite blend of coffee. Sherlock fumbles his way to the kitchen until he's close enough to perceive his friend, who presses a steaming mug on him. Sherlock wraps both hands around it and perches on one of the chairs, blanket still around his shoulders.
“And I’m very moderate with the drugs,” Sherlock continues. “I know the precise dosages I need to make my brain function better, and if I can’t think then I can’t work and if I can’t work… I have to work, John. And if there’s something new to be learned, I have to learn it. I
“I know… Just… people have relapses. I won’t be angry, but you have to be honest with me. You’ve scrambled your neurons enough, who knows what a bad batch of something could do?”
Sherlock protests. “I didn’t say anything about marriage! It’s a partnership with certain state and legal benefits that would be advantageous to--”
“That’s different,” he says, lowering his voice. “Your life was in immediate danger. It wasn’t for revenge.”
and he is filled completely. He reaches down to take himself in hand but Sherlock beats him to it, and pulls him up off all fours until he is sitting on Sherlock’s thighs, one of Sherlock’s arms tight around his chest and the other caressing him gently.
He concentrates on sucking slowly, occasionally, shyly, stroking Sherlock’s testes with his free hand, and pausing to lick up and down the length of the shaft. It’s not long before he hears, “John, I… I can’t…” and he stops, not wanting it to be over so soon again. He  suddenly needs his face to be close to Sherlock’s and they tumble over each other, landing side by side pressed against each other, legs tangled, bodies pulsing with need, breathing raggedly.
At first Sherlock is exhilarated by the difficulty of the case, but when no progress is made he grows sullen and John prays for something to distract him.
They stop for groceries on the way back, always an adventure with Sherlock, but make it home having purchased only what they needed, plus one exotic fruit Sherlock suspects might be misidentified and poisonous, and a tin of some Spanish condiment he wants to try to turn into an explosive.
That had been nearly a week ago. Sherlock had barely said a word since then. He hadn’t left the house, had only changed his clothes under extreme duress, and refused to eat. John had taken a leave of absence from the surgery, as they preferred their doctors not to work on patients immediately after being taken hostage and nearly blown up, and was staring at two full weeks at home with nothing much to occupy him except a flatmate who appeared intent upon turning himself into a skeleton.
John freezes, then looks up at Sherlock. “Sherlock, I realize I may be hallucinating from sleep deprivation but these look almost like civil partnership papers.”
He waves the crumpled emblem of Les Butineuses before Sherlock’s eyes. “Want to try that again? And don’t tell me you were looking for work, neither.”
“Yes,” John answers placidly. “You know, the heightening of other senses. If you’ll recall you tried that once with me…”
By the time he sneaks off the planes in the dark, damp air just outside of Bruges, he is feeling exactly what he should be – resolute and hungry for action.
Sherlock looked at him as though he was mad and John snickered at his expression. “Only one, only because I had to. The others are sleeping off a nice dose of ketamine cocktail – which, by the way, is what they were shooting you up with – in the well-equipped and impenetrable cells downstairs.”
John rubs his temple at the memory. “Only hazily, but I take your point. Thank you for remembering, I can’t seem to keep a thought in my head for half a minute these days.”
“I don’t… I don’t cope well with emotions. I never have. Drugs are easier. You take a set dose, it has a set effect. I’ve been feeling things lately, things I don’t like or understand, and now this case… I just wanted something that felt good. Something simple.”
Sherlock describes Ms. Mihov and is not surprised that the answer is a long string of Dutch profanity before he is even finished.
They wriggle out of trousers, now only in pants – two thin layers of fabric (one cotton, one silk) all that separates them. John feels Sherlock’s hardness against his own, pressing insistently up into him, and it is almost too much for him, but he wants to remember this moment.
He can't talk to John about it. Not much genuinely disturbs the man and not for long, but when he was pulled out of that well, holding those tiny bones, his face was like nothing Sherlock had ever seen on him. Sherlock won't take John back to that moment no matter how much he needs to make sense of it. And John can’t tell him any more about it than he already knows. Only one person might be able to.
He had managed to reason out two things about the problem. First, that the box number must be a date. Six digits and something Sherlock thought John would know. Of course there was always the off chance that Sherlock thought John would know an obscure series of Tibetian runes which translated into a six-digit code for John favorite brand of tea, but there was only so much a normal human being could account for. Second, that whatever the box number and the password were, they must have some significance to both John and Sherlock, and none whatsoever to anyone else.
Sherlock Holmes is a fucking nightmare. And John Watson loves every minute of it. He had known that this was how it would be; any kind of relationship with Sherlock had to be, on some level, hellish. But knowing it and living it are very different things. Not that he has regrets, it’s just a lot to deal with. But he loves it, all of it. Well, almost all of it.
One wall is given over to a giant mural of the periodic table. There's a sand and water table where the lab bench used to be. And in the far corner a low bookshelf is filled with every educational children's book the woman at the bookshop had wanted to sell him, as well as quite a few advanced texts. Most children's books are rubbish.
“Stay still,” he ordered, and gingerly climbed on top of his friend, trying to cover him with his own body as much as he could without aggravating the wound. John whimpered for a moment and then was quiet. Based on the air temperature, Sherlock calculated John would succumb to hypothermia before he bled out, and the knife did seem to have missed his vital organs. Keeping him warm was the priority. Still, he hoped he wasn’t doing too much additional damage. He opened his coat so the fewest layers of fabric possible were between their chests, and spread it over them both like a blanket.
“I know it sounds strange, but it’s a real organization, only for people with naturally red hair. It’s mostly a social thing, but they were founded by a very wealthy man who made it the club’s mission to promote the well-being and success of people like me. Some of the members are a little extreme, refusing to date anyone who isn’t also ginger, talking about how oppressed and endangered we are; that sort of nonsense. But most people are just in it for fun or tradition. Anyway, the man I met explained that the Society offers scholarships to deserving and hard-working young men and women, and that I was certainly eligible.
“In fact, I don’t see why you should go to work ever again,” Sherlock continued,  still completely in earnest.
Victor looks sharply at him, assessing. "You've changed," he says after a long pause. "You never used to think like that. John's influence?"
? I swear if you weren’t in such a bad way I’d give you a pummeling myself! Affected!” There were tears in his eyes now, and he didn’t care. Three months of pent up grief and anger and confusion and relief were going to make their way out whether he wanted them to or not.
He sits carefully, waiting until he can think rationally about this. Once he’s worked it through, he gets up calmly and goes downstairs. Sherlock is in the bedroom, resting after a particular convoluted and energetic case of drug smuggling. The time spent in the meat locker had been particularly exhausting for them both.
"I'm the surgeon, remember? You first." And with one jerky, impossibly fast movement John leaps wide-eyed towards him and grabs the back of his neck with one hand, driving the long, fearsome needle upwards, deep into Sherlock's foramen magnum with the other. Sherlock's world shatters with pain and then, blessedly, melts into darkness.
“Nothing yet. But it seems Dr. Watson has been doing some investigating on his own and is looking for you. I thought I’d help him along. And I am betting that while you’d rather die than lose to me, you’d rather do
Sherlock sees his reluctance and for a moment John thinks it’s all over, that their intimacy is about to crumble at this false note and become nothing more than a tainted memory. But instead, Sherlock turns animated, in one smooth movement jumping up, pulling John to his feet, spinning him around and bending him roughly over the end of the bed.
John wraps his hand around both of them and they rock together, Sherlock arching his back against him and gripping his arse tightly with both hands, pulling John’s hips to him, needing the pressure, needing the release. A few measured strokes from John’s strong hands send Sherlock over the edge and the sensation of his hot wetness spilling on John’s stomach and cock are all it takes for John to follow, collapsing on top of Sherlock as they shudder together, John never ceasing his kisses to Sherlock’s chest.
Lastly, they do not discuss the fear. It grips one or both of them occasionally, when a case goes beyond the usual adrenaline rush into the realm of the truly dangerous. If there is a close call or one of them is injured or nearly killed, they don't speak of it, but John can feel it in both of them, the unspoken thought of possible loss, making them a little crazed, needing to be with each other urgently, immediately, to reassure themselves that they are both still there, still alive, still whole.
He broke the water with a huge gasp. They were only about five metres from the pier. He took another deep breath and dragged John to the edge, pushing him up ahead and then clambering up behind him, his coat heavy with water.
"And then we'll have free-floating mercury in our systems. Great," John says, and his sarcasm is oddly comforting. Even paranoid and crazy, he's got a sharp tongue.
They rush to Bart’s where a package and two soldiers are waiting for them. Two large soldiers; Sherlock can feel their hulking presences tower over even him before they speak.
Sherlock leads them through the dark, away from the tracks and up the stairs to the half-finished portion of the abandoned station, turnstiles glinting dully in the faint emergency lights that inexplicably still glow here. John says nothing, but his eyes say he knows what Sherlock is about and that he's going to let him.
He hears a faint moan and puts his shoulder to the door, which gives relatively easily under his strength. Sherlock is on the floor at the foot of his bed, shirtless, clearly just having fallen off it. The first thing John notices is the blood, quite a lot of blood, running down both his forearms. In fact this is the only thing John notices at first, despite the room being in complete and utter disarray, in opposition to its typical Zen-like order.
The next morning he went straight to the address he had looked up on the way to Zagreb. It was in an older part of the city, away from the glittering skyscrapers and fashionable shopping concourses of the
“A bad one – he was dishonorably discharged for war crimes, including grave robbing and shooting civilian children. Hmm, somehow he escaped any prison sentence for that little piece of work. Daddy must have sorted it for him. Nothing else on him for awhile, then he reappears in Africa a few years later as a safari guide and big game hunter.  Got a bit of a reputation there for trouble with the natives, rumors about suspicious deaths among his men and hunting on private land. Busted in Botswana for poaching and smuggling of endangered species – manages to weasel out of incarceration yet again, but loses most of his money to fines and lawsuits and makes a hasty exit from the whole continent.”
He starts with John’s hair. Nuzzling it, breathing in the faintly herbal shampoo, running his hands through it methodically, feeling the length (a bit shaggy, due for a cut), recording the colour (light brown, nearly blonde, sandy, each strand variable), noting the texture (thick, pleasant to touch, wavy to curly around the ears and neck). Oh, there is so much here, how could he have missed it before, when it’s been sitting in front of him, living in his flat for more than a year?
John boggles at him, speechless. Before he can collect himself, Rosie stirs again, waking fully this time. She opens her mouth to cry but the sight of both of them right there startles her out of it. John goes to pick her up but before he can, she reaches out for Sherlock.
Some months later, John is going through the remaining stuff in his cupboard. He’s in a purging mood, and has decided that anything he hasn’t looked at in the past six months, with the exception of photographs and army mementos, needs to go.
Victor's expression flickers like he's trying to master some emotion, but returns quickly to normal. "I'm sorry Sherlock, I have no idea. It may have been a family name, or maybe he just met someone with that name or read it in a book. It’s not uncommon. I never had a chance to ask and I'm not sure I wanted to know at the time in any case."
“Don’t I get to decide what the best way for me to accomplish something is?” he asks, not angrily, but as a genuine question. “The most expedient way is usually the best, especially on a case – who cares about a few drops of blood or a bruise? It doesn’t matter. It’s just flesh, it will recover.”
John thanks him and shuts the door behind him, letting out a long breath of air. Victor is kind and sincere, but being around him is both too tempting and too painful to contemplate right now. But it is a comfort to know that there's someone else out there, loving Sherlock too.
“Sherlock…” he begins and goes to kiss the bow of a mouth in apology, but Sherlock turns his head just a hair and John stops.
John gasps and goes to touch his face but Sherlock shrugs him off, harshly. “I’m uninterested in your pity, John. And none of this is relevant to the problem you seemed to have been having yesterday.”
which drug. And its molecular formula. Professional curiosity. Christ, Mycroft, you think I’m planning on fashioning a hallucinogenic bomb and making all of London go mad? I’m asking for an ounce or two. See, I think you
Sherlock leans over him and John feels hot breath against his ear as Sherlock whispers hoarsely, “Do you want me, John?”
“Back at the warehouse. I heard you tell Ms. Adler that we were not… that you weren’t…” Sherlock looks uncomfortable and doesn’t finish the sentence.
John is tempted  to walk away, but something in her tone makes him surrender and get in. She is, as usual, working away furiously on her phone, taking no notice of him.
“I… I don’t know,” John says, treading on eggshells to not betray his own unsettlement. He finds refuge in the clinical. “These sorts of disorders, synaesthesia, it can be progressive. It shouldn’t be surprising that you’ve developed additional symptoms.”
“Sherlock, for God’s sakes this is not the time become a teetotaler!” John exclaimed. “I’m going to have to sew up some of those cuts and set at least four bones. I’m not subjecting you to any more pain than I have to. Now swallow the goddamn pills and take your shirt off!”
She made a soft sound of assent but then at the last moment pulled away, untangling her fingers from his.
John shakes his head ponderously. "Not everything. Jesus, that part of it I couldn't even bear to think about, much less talk about. Even with her. I tried to forget. But I could talk about the rest. I think she suspects there was more to us but she never says anything. Because she loves me, Sherlock. And I... I love her. I love her more than I ever thought I could love someone again."
At some point, they start again, and it is still different than it ever was before, but it is no longer angry or unhealthy and it doesn’t feel wrong or shameful. The poison has been drained from the wound, but it still needs to be tended to. Their movements are soft and sweet, but also mournful, a testament of what has been lost. They are careful and a little bit fearful, Sherlock that John might break and John that Sherlock might vanish. Neither wants to take his eyes off the other, even for a second.
“I’m sorry?” John says. “I wasn’t aware anyone was supposed to be seducing anyone. Did I miss that memo?”
“Well if I was less enigmatic, anyone intercepting our messages would know exactly what was happening.” Sherlock clapped him on the shoulder. “Besides, I knew you’d figure it out. In time. But walking towards a trap alone, telling no one what you were doing – it’s downright irresponsible, John. I was busy enough without having to save you as well.”
“Didn’t seem like it. Why didn’t you just go on up to her room?” Sherlock demands. “You were half buried in her décolletage as it was. Bet you could have got some really interesting facts from shagging her!”
The next day, clearly outnumbered between Sherlock, Mary, and his own subconscious, he gives up. He goes round to Baker Street and doesn't even give Sherlock too much of a hard time about everything.
? Since, you know, there’s a bed in there and not up here, anymore. That was rather where I was going with this whole thing.”
The man’s eyes rolled up in head and he coughed, flecks of foam and blood splattering John’s jacket. “Jyivsinkää.” He managed. “Finland, far north, near Ivalo. There’s a big estate. Find him before he finds you.”
It seems dubious at best, but it feels right. It feels like something, which is an improvement on nothing.
It takes Sherlock a moment to understand what John is saying to him. He drops the bottle and condoms on the bed and moves closer to John, who pulls away. “Don’t,” he says, withdrawing, pulling the sheet around him.
It took him the better part of three hours to reach St. Bart’s. He had, perhaps, been overly cautious in his route, but there was something to be said for paranoia. The lab was deserted. It was a Sunday, he realised with a start. He had quite lost track. He ran to the messy corner of the lab bench he had claimed as his own, scattering books and notes and slides carelessly in his haste. There it was. Scrawled in spidery writing:
“So, what did you do when my brother told you what happened? He was strictly forbidden to, by the way, I shall have to have a word with him.”
“I’ll be fucked, if it isn’t Three Continents Watson!” booms the largest of the group, Jackson. He pulls John into a bear hug that lifts him off the ground by half a metre.
BLOODY WOMAN JUST PUT ON HER PERFUME IN THE TUBE, TOOK OUT HALF A DOZEN PEOPLE. John tells him. SOME PEOPLE JUST HAVE NO–
to assume that, due to recent events, you are not in your right mind. But if you come around here again, I will arrest you for assaulting a policeman, got it? Get out.”
Sarah frowned. “I’ll do us a fry-up,” she said, going into the kitchen. John followed wearily. “Now, tell me what’s up. You said Sherlock was acting weird, but isn’t he always?”
“John, I had no intention of letting you walk anywhere tomorrow,” Sherlock replied, in all seriousness.
“You don’t ask much, do you?” John retorts bitterly. “Just a lifelong commitment to a man I didn’t even know six months ago, who is possibly the most difficult person on the planet to live with.”
“You’ll never find them all,” Mycroft had called after him. Sherlock had looked back just long enough to make a rude gesture, and that had been that.
He lowers his head, in grief, and takes one of John’s hands. He brings it to his lips and kisses it over and over, wanting to do more, wanting to enfold John in his arms, tuck him away inside his heart, but he senses John is on the edge and is fearful of pushing him over, losing him forever. He says nothing, just holds the hand to his mouth, hoping to convey everything he cannot say with the gesture. Eventually he feels fingers in his hair, stroking his cheek. Permission.
John begins to feel nervous as Sherlock’s slicked fingers work their way slowly towards his entry, skittish of his own reaction, of how practised at this Sherlock might or might not be, but he forces himself to relax. He trusts Sherlock, he repeats to himself. He gasps as Sherlock slips a finger inside of him, and Sherlock stills, letting him get used to the feeling, steadying his shoulder with his other hand and laying firm, reassuring kisses on his neck and face. John makes a soft noise of assent to let him know he can continue, which turns to whispers of pleasure as he feels first one finger, then two, then three, moving inside of him, carefully exploring, stretching, seeking.
They fumble their way to the bed in John’s room, tearing at each other’s clothes, Sherlock submitting to John’s almost resentful advances. Even as the need rises within him, John is ashamed of himself. He has never felt ashamed of anything he’s done with Sherlock before, but he knows this wrong, knows this isn’t how it should be, knows he is taking advantage.
"I doubt it, not very much cause to look at brain activity in dead people. But she can probably find a technician who has no idea who you are and schedule it at time when no one will be around. I won't put your name on anything. Molly can run the blood tests through the lab anonymously and I'll show Caroline the scans after you've gone. You'll be my Patient 1, that's it. And no one who knows you will think anything of you being at Bart's at odd hours. Good enough?"
“Of course, John!” Sherlock claps him on the back, fondly, in his usual state of euphoria after a success. He’s always like this when he’s solved something, and it’s only heightened by the accompanying late-night chase and brush with death. John feels it too, but is too staid to show it more than a little. Besides, someone has to keep Sherlock’s ego in check.
, keenly. Too keenly. You know she does. Remember the lab rat incident? She cried for weeks.” He sighs. “It doesn’t even matter if we let them date or not, it’s too late. Her heart is going to get broken. If not now, then soon enough.”
Sherlock pays no mind to the pain, he's too fascinated by the information his brain is feeding him, by having something to look at in what seems like an eternity. Especially when that something is John Watson.
the same thing! I came here to make sure you didn’t die, because you didn’t leave me any other option. I wouldn’t have
“I know you’re pacing, that’s what woke me up. But can’t you think downstairs? I’m used to you keeping the hours of an alley cat, but must you do it right outside my door?” John sighed. He was too tired for this.
“I was just getting to that. In the past month or so, things have been happening at my job that I haven’t had anything to do with. And yet my name is on the paperwork, or my ID card was used. People have said they saw me at the office at days or times when I know I wasn’t there. None of it’s bad, I haven’t gotten in trouble for anything. It’s all minor stuff within the range of normal office work. But I can verify that I was somewhere else or doing something else at the time a lot of it happened. Yet my coworkers insist that I was definitely there.”
to choose to love them, even if you hate them in the moment. The decision and the feeling can be the same. That was a conversation for another day, though.
“Yes, what is it?” he snaps. Long pause. The tone of his voice changes, goes quiet and cold. “I understand. He
He does love John. Of course he loves John. He has always loved John. He will always love John. Often he has been bad at loving John - at least Mary seems to be good at it - but doing what John had asked of him on his return, supporting his marriage, respecting his wishes, that is what loving John means. It makes him a little sad, but it's also, somehow, reassuring.
From his restrained agitation it seems he can’t quite believe his luck in capturing Sherlock, likely assuming him to be some kind of spy for their competition, and from the set of his jaw he’s going to get everything out of Sherlock that he can. He’ll kill if he has to, but is not over eager to execute a prisoner. Not a complete imbecile and won’t act rashly unless provoked to it. Good, Sherlock might be able to work with him.
harder to destroy. Now as for the rest of your heart…well I think we both know where that is, and I must say, Sherlock, I’m just a
Sherlock seems temporarily satisfied by this and goes nearly limp, settling into the pillows. John goes to move off him, but is restrained by an immoveable arm, and decides that of all the places he could possibly sleep, on top of Sherlock Holmes is one of the better ones. And so ends the first day of what must be called a relationship, if only for lack of a more sufficient word for it.
John breathes in very quickly through his nose several times. "The sounds..." he manages. Sherlock can't see any colors other than John's angry aura, but he'll bet his friend is white as a sheet and his skin is obviously clammy.
“Footprints, mud, and coffee! I’ll meet you back home!” He claps John on the arm and vanishes, leaving John smiling a bit stupidly at the praise and his friend’s enthusiasm. Very little could be as exhilarating as Sherlock on the trail of a murderer. He notices Lestrade staring at him with a knowing grin.
It wasn’t enough, he knew it, but what else was he supposed to do? He could hardly drag her into all this. He expected her to text back something on the order of “don’t bother” in response, possibly with several rude words, but instead she only sent,
Mary sighs patiently and shifts so she’s balancing cross-legged on the stool. "Look, Sherlock, when you came back, once John was done being angry, I really thought he might leave me for you. And if that was what was best for him, I would have accepted it. He was so unhappy for so long I just wanted him to have what he needed. But he didn't do that. And why he didn't is between the two of you. But he still needs you, and I know better than to stand in the way of that. I don't want to. You're good for him, and he's safe with you."
The next few days are a whirlwind of research and interviews, and they barely get to see each other, though texting is constant, both as an exchange of information and suggestions for each other that would make a whore blush. John hopes no one else ever gets a hold of his phone.
Greg greets John just outside his office. How he’d kept his job after the incidents of the past several weeks John has no idea, but assumes Mycroft is involved. Mycroft seems to have a soft spot for the DI. This thought only makes John more furious at Mycroft, if solely because you can only sustain a certain level of rage at a person directly in front of you that you aren’t allowed to hit.
John shakes his head as if trying to clear it and failing over and over. "You're right. I can't last at this heightened state much longer. My heart...adrenaline is a poison you know." His breathing is labored, and Sherlock is glad he lacks the resources to consider what might be going on inside of John right now. "If they don't shoot me first, my own body will take me out. Either way, we've only got a few minutes. But you, genius, you didn't think about delivery method did you?"
The other voice says something. It seems to be echoing through the vents of the house, which means the man could be nearly anywhere.
John goes to Bryant’s place of work with far less reluctance than he shows to Sherlock. It’s good to be doing something that has nothing whatsoever to do with Ms. Adler or Mycroft. And Sherlock might be pretend he’s less than riveted by this case, but John knows it’s an act – he’s beyond intrigued.
“Do you have it?” he demanded. She nodded and dug in her purse, retrieving a cheap prepaid flip phone and its disconnected battery.
“All right,” he says at last, body on fire and thoughts rapidly dissolving in his head. “But there will be no screaming.”
John makes a pleased sound and puts his hands to Sherlock's collarbones, playing them like a piano. Sherlock moans freely, and John holds something to his lips.
“Listen to me carefully. I want you to hang up and leave your flat immediately. Bring the mobile you found. Go to Regent’s Park. I will meet you there, on the outside of the zoo near the aviary. Don’t get a cab on your street. Walk three streets over, and change cabs at least once on the way. Do you understand?”
John grins, and pulls him over to the bed, yanking him forward until they topple on to it. Sherlock is still uncertain at first, expecting rejection, but as each advance is returned enthusiastically by John, he begins to let go, lose himself in the sensation. Despite John’s orders, his brain won’t shut off entirely, but it moves from thinking about past, worrying about future, to cataloging the experience of the now. There is a lot of new data to collect, and he doesn’t want to miss any of it.
“Yours?” John finishes for him. “I am. Unreservedly, hopelessly, and permanently yours. But as much as you need me, I need you. As horrible as the thought of my death is for you, yours is at least as bad for me. Maybe you can tolerate the thought of you being gone and me having to continue on without you, but I can’t. That’s the trick of the thing, Sherlock… if I’m yours, you’re going to have to be mine.”
to put Rosie down.” John sounds aggravated and tired. The baby hasn’t been sleeping well, so neither have they. Sherlock can function on much less sleep than John - or most other people - and is largely unaffected. But John is feeling it and it’s starting to show.
“You lot!” Sherlock shouted at the groggy thugs. “As you may have noticed, Mr. Moran is no longer in charge here. You have three choices. You can leave here on foot, scatter to the winds, and find more gainful forms of employment. You can stay here and explain to Mr. Moran why you let his home be so easily taken by a single, rather shortish man. Or I can shoot you. You have thirty seconds.”
"If this works out, my theory is they'll target more members of the club in a similar way. MOD employees, bank officials, auction house workers. Exploit them and pick them off one by one, in such a way that no one will catch on to what's happening. Ingenious, really. And suddenly Les Butineuses is one of the top dogs in Britain or Europe. All while keeping their hands relatively clean."
“Well, it did get us a free bottle of wine, John,” Sherlock says smoothly, speeding up just enough so he knows John has to trot to keep up.
“What happened to you?” he asks, once she’s secured. He motions to her left thigh with the gun. He can see now she’s been wounded recently, stab wound by the looks of it; it's opened in the fighting and is oozing blood through her trousers.
“I want to fuck you through to the next floor,” Sherlock growls. It comes out harsher than he intended, but John’s eyes light up.
Molly’s face crumples, and she puts her hand back on his arm. “It’s all right… It’s… I know you didn’t mean it. Any of it.”
Sherlock nodded. “You came for me,” he said incredulously, and realized he was weeping as well, very softly, for only the second time since he was a small boy. John had also been the cause of the only other incident of genuine tears in his adult life. He hoped this wasn’t going to become a habit.
John hides his relieved smile by putting his head once more to the smooth chest, trying to regain his emotional equilibrium once more. He focuses on the steady sound of Sherlock’s breathing, on the unconscious fidgeting of his hands, on the dwindling daylight coming through the window. He is so intent on his meditations that he starts when Sherlock at last speaks again.
Okay, he has a lead, what next? He doesn’t know anything about oil companies or ships. This time it comes to him a flash, who can help him with this lead and give him cover for leaving London for a few days without attracting unwanted attention.
Hanna is not taken entirely unawares when John finally makes it to the crew berth below the bridge. Perhaps she’d heard the struggling or noticed the resultant too-quietness once her men were down. Either way, when he enters she’s half concealed herself behind a bulkhead and has a crossbow pointed at the door.
"No. We can't. I don't know what will happen if the truth comes out, but I don't want to find out. This runs deep. Here." He pulls the stolen laptop from his bag and hands it to Greg. "I imagine there’s a wealth of information on various nefarious activities, Moriarty’s and otherwise, on here. It's encrypted, probably very well, but I imagine you know people who know people who can take care of that sort of thing. Do whatever you want with it. I don't want to know."
He feels Sherlock relax next to him, relieved to have somehow successfully negotiated this extremely thorny territory.
something massively important or significant in any way. It’s not just paperwork, Sherlock. It is something much bigger than that, much more meaningful. You can’t just make me an afterthought in my own life, or in Rosie’s.”
Mycroft raised one eyebrow but did not comment. “Are you sure that’s a good idea? He wants to kill you.”
“And that,” she continued, “is why I refuse to believe what I see before me. He still belongs to you. And I don’t think he was ready to give that up.”
He jokes with John again. They take cases. They eat together, drink together, watch telly together – everything as usual. Except. Except there is a space between them now that wasn’t there before. Sherlock has stopped shutting the door to his room, but issues no invitation, initiates no physical contact or affection, and responds coolly to any attempt on John’s part to do so himself. John continues to sleep upstairs and Sherlock doesn’t seek him out.
She struggles against Sherlock but without her hands or her balance she’s got no advantage. Just then, what seems to be a fleet of police officers, led by Greg Lestrade, storm into the warehouse.
, Sherlock.” His voice was tight and quiet and furious. “You don’t get to decide what’s good for me, do you understand? Not
“Well, I suppose we must play along, if this is how things are to be,” she said. “But it still doesn’t mean I believe it. And you had another question for me, I think.”
There was a flash of genuine fear in Mycroft’s eyes. “You saw and felt what Sherlock wanted to you to see and feel, apparently,” Mycroft told him.
The man freezes and John wrests the branch from his hands and bludgeons him hard in the back of the head. He falls, out cold.
John leans his head back against the wall and takes a long breath. “How can you be so insecure and so arrogant at the same time? Egotistical nitwit.”
Then Sherlock set fire to the house. “Well, that’s a pretty clear bugger off message,” John said, as they drove away from the inferno in the other truck. “Are you sure you aren’t planning on becoming some kind of supervillian? You’d be good at it.”
"Okay," says John, making a visible effort to pull himself together. He cycles through colors like a nervous chameleon. "Just tell me what you need."
John headed immediately to Scotland Yard, on foot. He was running on auto-pilot, too stunned to consider the implications of what he had just learned. Sherlock was dead, then he was alive, now he was missing. It was too much to take in. If he was to be of any use to Sherlock, have any chance of finding him, he couldn’t afford to think about what he was feeling right now. He didn’t even know what he was feeling, other than that one way or another he wasn’t going to stop until he found Sherlock. Alive or… he shelved the thought quickly. Alive. He would find him alive.
“Lied to me,” John snaps, and instantly regrets it. Victor knows Sherlock was for real as well as he does. He’s on John’s side, and Sherlock’s. “Sorry, I just…”
John’s stomach turns. “No, Sherlock, I can’t. I know, you’ve explained to me it was what you needed and you think that I just knew you so well that I sensed that and here we are so it doesn’t matter. But it does, Sherlock. I always knew there was a monster inside of me, but I never thought it would turn on you.”
He sighed with despair, and set himself to examining each pack in each carton in detail, for any hint of their destination. Maybe one of the microchips had the info, but he’d need a way to read it – he was sure his laptop was not up to the job. As he set to work on the second carton, he noticed a tiny scrawl on the bottom of one of the packs, in very faint pencil. He held it up to the light. He knew that spare handwriting! His heart leapt. Sherlock must have scribbled the note when he first inspected the merchandise.
Sherlock has the good grace to look sheepish. “There was no sign of her. I deduced that she’d opted not to come personally so as to not risk her placement within the Ginger Society.”
John laughed nervously. “Um, no, of course not. I just have a lot of boxes in different banks, and sometimes it’s hard to remember which code goes to which one! Don’t want to write it down, you understand…” he finished lamely.
“Exactly!” John says, elbowing Sherlock in the ribs harder than is strictly necessary. “What was I saying this morning about being
"And you are also the only person I trust to do everything necessary to make sure he comes home in one piece, always."
"Sherlock..." he manages, and Sherlock quivers at the hot, sweet breath on his skin. John shakes his head, like he can't say any more, and just leans down that extra inch and presses his lips to the side of Sherlock's face.
“He’s more than smart,” Sherlock snarled, rounding on him. “He’s a genius. And he controls more people and money than even I can calculate. He won’t be found until he wants to be. I’ve gone over everything, every detail, and there’s nothing that would lead me to him. Not a fibre, not a fingerprint, not a smell, not a mote of dust. I’m sure he’s watching us, but we won’t see him until he decides it’s time to finish the game.”
“So sure of that, eh? You’re the only man in the world that I could possibly be seduced by, so great and irresistible are your charms?”
“I know. And if you want… if she’s what you want… I’m not going to… I want you to be happy, I just need… I need to know.”
Sherlock starts before John can finish, bridling at this. "You didn't violate me. Don't use your misplaced guilt to tell me I'm not capable of making it clear when I want something to stop. Or that I don't know my own mind. If I tell you that it was good for me, it was."
“That’s a first,” John mumbles, narrowing his eyes at Sherlock. Nevertheless he forces a smile and a friendly nod at the fussy woman. “What kind of paperwork is this that requires a registrar, anyway?”
The day passes in the agonising slowness of waiting. John spends some of it sleeping, trying to make up for the lost night, but Sherlock can’t rest. He paces, between the window and the kitchen table, over and over and over again, counting his steps each time, then counting the number of trips, twisting his fingers into knots as he goes.
It’s too much and he feels a wail building inside of him, something screaming to be set free that can’t be contained only by words. He tries to keep it down, keep it back but something escapes anyway. The force of it, the very thought, unmans him.
John's hand flies to his mouth to keep from exclaiming and waking her. The whole room has been transformed. Aside from the cot and gentle, indirect lighting there is a toy chest, filled with soft toys shaped like Sherlock's favorite microbes and a science kit Sherlock only now realizes is massively age-inappropriate.
him for what he really was, few though they might be. Can you think of a single one who, on some level, wasn’t completely in love with him?”
"Right." John slams the book shut and goes into the kitchen, taking vegetables out of the fridge to make something for a late tea. He doesn't particularly know why - he's not hungry, Sherlock won't be eating, and he certainly has no intention of cooking for the Woman. But it gives him something to do with his hands that involves a knife. It helps.
“You have a fever, and…a lot of wounds…and broken bones…”John could read the story of the past weeks on Sherlock’s body and his expression grew hard. He could see plainly Sherlock had probably had only another day or two if he hadn’t come when he did.
“I should go tune my violin for the dance,” Sherlock says, not sure how to end a baffling conversation like this.
Mycroft looks unconvinced. “Do you remember that bird you found? The one with the broken wing? After you fixed it up you got so angry when it tried to fly away, so you tied it with a string so you’d always have it to talk to. What happened to it?”
things. The first is your perception of yourself as…a savior, a genius, a solver of the unsolvable. You want to be a hero, you want to be a
Both men’s heads snap instantly in the direction of Sherlock’s mobile on the bedside table, then back to each other where they find themselves frozen in a suddenly awkward tableau.
Sherlock breaks off, appalled at himself for speaking so, but Victor looks so serious he resists the urge say something smart to cover the moment.
John is riveted and more than a little concerned by this. Sherlock repeats the walk-forward-and-then-back routine a few times before he finally reaches John.
Sherlock closes his eyes and draws up the image of their flat in his mind palace, as he had last seen it the morning they'd set out after the cat burglar. He waits until he has every detail in place, every discarded book and tea mug and coat on the coat rack and then very slowly opens his eyes, willing himself to see it, willing it to be there.
To his credit Sherlock doesn’t say another word the rest of the way home, even when, after about twenty minutes, John brushes the back of Sherlock’s hand softly with his little finger, just enough to let him know he’s been - mostly - forgiven.
She smiled and went to make some tea, which they drank in silence. When they were done she said, “Look, I just got in last night – came straight here, of course. But I need to go round my mum’s, talk to work about some things… do you want me to come back later, though?”
John nods his thanks. He glances about him. "Actually, is there somewhere private we can talk?" The housekeeper is bustling around the main floor and a man is working on a repair to the archway between the great room and the formal dining room.
And in truth, aside from the kisses and touches, the blatant flirtation, and the softening of some boundaries, there really wasn’t much difference between acting like a real couple and the way they had acted before Sherlock went away, John realised. Maybe it wasn’t so very far to go after all. Apparently being in a relationship with another man was pretty much like being in a relationship with anyone else. Except, of course, that it was Sherlock, so anything could happen.
Sherlock ignores that and navigates to the location in the dwindling winter light. He doesn't go in right away. He's not a fool. He's seen how the man had reacted to the emblem of Les Butineuses - his warning was clearly the least of it. Sherlock won't be so careless again.
John kisses Sherlock on the forehead and starts to move, gripping his neck more tightly and wrapping his other hand around Sherlock’s leaking cock, stroking, but not too much, not wanting it to be over. They press together as much as they are able and John rocks slowly, agonizingly, deliciously slowly, wanting to sear the feeling of Sherlock body into his heart and mind, wanting to fill and be filled. All thoughts but this are gone from his head, the desire for Sherlock, for them to never be parted again.
Mycroft turns back to him with the faintest of smiles. “Well done. Apparently Sherlock is good for you as well. Yes. As the only immediate family of my brother’s intimate partner—”
Sherlock spins away from John and walks a few steps, forcefully, aimlessly. “I knew you would be fine, John. I had things to finish up.” His voice is a study in carelessness. “I can’t coddle you all the time.”
“You can talk while I’m playing. You so often do.” The taller man goes to resume his music but John is unmoved.  Something in John’s expression alerts Sherlock to the gravity of the situation and he hesitates, then puts down the violin with a theatrical sigh. “Well?”
It’s late afternoon and already nearly dark when John arrives at Corvin Castle. He can see work on the restoration has progressed since he'd last been here a year and a half ago, but clearly, it’s still an on-going process. The air is freezing and the moorland looks particularly bleak in the twilight.
He puts out his hand a few inches from John's face, letting the blazing aura dance around his fingertips.
Even the revelation of Sherlock’s slightly obscene personalised text sound isn’t enough to ruin his growing good humour. In the light of day it all just seems like a juvenile joke, a pitiful grab for attention from an inconsequential person.
The main problem with following Hanna Mihov’s trail was that she had very efficiently not left one. He could only hope other members of what was left of her organisation had been less tidy, and that he would be able to infiltrate the criminal underbelly of Bruges enough to find something to go on.
Cautiously, he opened it and peered down. He could see nothing. He descended the ladder, keeping one hand on the gun in his pocket, and whirled when he hit the ground. He was under the stage now, in the warren of tunnels and support beams which held up the famous playhouse and transported actors, props, and scenery to their required locations. It was dark, but not pitch black, not everywhere – low lights illuminated parts of the floor here and there. A few shafts of light likewise filtered down from the arena above, like unintended spotlights. Sherlock himself stood in the bright column of light from the open trap door above.
“Absolutely not. I was classically trained for this type of mind-blowingly purposeless activity. I really shouldn’t let it go to waste.”
The crackle between them is palpable as they banter over her case, sexual and intellectual energy so thick in the air that John can't help but burst out in jealousy. They both look at him like they'd forgotten he was there and then continue as if he isn't. He's not sure who he's more angry at right now, but stays because there's no way in hell he's leaving them alone like this.
He takes John's hand and puts it to his lips. "Because I know you. You're John Watson. And I'm Sherlock Holmes.”
"Do you... want to talk about it?" he asks, remembering that he's heard people say that in similar situations.
Warily, he pulled his Sig - he never went anywhere without it these days. He listened at the door. Nothing but the music. He pushed open the door, weapon at the ready, expecting to come face to face with Moriarty, or something even worse. Instead, in the low light of his single lamp, he saw only an emaciated figure sprawled diagonally on his bed. Sherlock was wearing his favorite scarf and a pair of trousers that were far too short for him – his trousers, John realised.
“I don’t. And I only say it because I care about you. But if you are really honest with yourself, you know what Moriarty meant by what he said to Sherlock. Because he nearly burned out your heart too.”
She listened quietly as she cooked. As he finished, she slid a huge plate of food in front him and joined him at the kitchen table. “Sounds serious. And he’s right, seems like Moriarty isn’t done with him. With either of you. It scares me, John.”
dear Sherlock,” Moriarty breathed with an ecstatic smile. “You have already done it. You have given me….
Sherlock does. It's too much to banish completely and he doesn’t really want to, but he lets it recede into a corner of an attic room until it starts to feel like something that happened to other people, like a closed book instead of a movie on a loop. There's still a tightness in his chest, a dull ache, but he makes himself think of John, of working together again, of being home, of cases and chases and corpses and it lightens a little. He smiles faintly at John, and it's genuine, if restrained.
“On whether I’ve been promoted from the lilo.” He put a hand on her neck, under her silky hair, and impulsively pulled her face towards his.
Sherlock nods, still unreadable. After a moment he says calmly. “Yes, John it was stupid. As are nearly all romantic gestures. I suppose it’s a flaw of yours I’ll have to live with.”
Sherlock completely fails to register John’s reaction and forges on. “But it’s true,” he insists. “See what it did those kids? Love is blind and stupid. When you let it in, it takes over, you’re not in control of yourself any more. You do things you never would have dreamt of. Chemicals flood your brain and you have no say about how you feel any more, no power to control your actions. And even when it doesn’t end like this, there’s still destruction, the subsuming of yourself as you are to please another person. I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy.”
Mycroft nods. “I wanted you to know, because if you have the intention of making your association with my brother anything less than permanent, now is the time to extricate yourself. Actually, it was several months ago, but you can be forgiven for the oversight as he is rather hard to read.”
Sherlock can't stand to be so close to him any more. He jumps to his feet and spins to face Moriarty. "All right, so tell me why? What was the plan?"
“Actually, I’ve rather settled down,” he tells them with studied casualness. “I think my playboy days are over.”
“Suicide…the… body…” John feels all the strength and anger begin to drain out of him, leaving him an uncomprehending shell.
Sherlock makes a disgusted face. “Waste of time. And conferences are full of…people. I’ve too much on here, anyway. Bring me back something to read if you like.  Now if you don’t mind very much, I have some urgent research to do on this Ginger Society matter.”
"Did you pay for his schooling and university in the hopes of getting in his trousers or with the expectation of any favours in return?"
It rang too long. Just as he was beginning to doubt that it was still connected, a confused female voice answered.
“Counterfeiting,” John says. “Of course. But don’t you need special inks as well? Those aren’t made here.”
He wanders the streets in the rain, hobbled by the flaring, phantom pain in his leg, for miles, no idea where to go and not wanting to be with anyone. He knows eventually he will have to go somewhere, though staying in the rain until hypothermia takes him isn’t an unpleasant thought. He shakes it off, with effort.
“I’m not saying that he wasn’t…real. Just that all those records disappeared a few days before… well, before.”
Sherlock’s foul mood clears instantly. “You’ve been doing this since we met,” he declares. “That explains everything! You’ve been helping me observe better, think better from the start, I just didn’t have a visual cue for it until recently.”
The truth of this is finally clear and Sherlock finds suddenly that his legs no longer want to hold him up. He grips the table beside him, and Molly looks at him without pity. He clears his throat which is suddenly dry. “Did he… um, did he believe you?”
"Hey! Don't start that," John barks. "This is. Not. My. Fault. If you can't accept help, this will not work. Got it?"
John had sworn he wouldn’t return to the flat. He didn’t think he could bear it, to be surrounded by all the trappings of their life together, all Sherlock’s things now abandoned and unused. How could he? He was burdened with enough memories as it was without encountering reminders in tea mugs and old clothes and microscope slides every time he turned around.
“Not bad, John. But lots of people go in and out of an office, and there are cleaners. They wanted to be certain they got Bryant’s cells, his DNA, his hair, and no chance of contamination with anyone else’s.”
And John can’t refuse him, doesn’t want to. He enters him carefully, mindful of Sherlock’s reactions but hungry to feel his friend enveloping him, surrounding him again after so long. Sherlock gasps, and John hesitates, not sure if it is in pain or pleasure, but Sherlock only pulls him closer with strong thighs, moaning, demanding more, until John is buried deep within him, Sherlock’s cock pressed between them, chests touching, faces nearly so, breathing one another’s scent. They are still, reacquainting themselves, savoring the moment. John has one hand behind Sherlock’s neck, tenderly, and the other on his shoulder, while Sherlock holds John’s hips to him, as if he might try to leave even now.
“You make… a compelling…argument…” Sherlock murmurs distractedly as John grabs his hand and places one long index finger firmly in his mouth. He holds the base of it in his teeth as he licks ruthlessly around it, keeping Sherlock’s gaze shamelessly all the while. Sherlock eyes are riveted to John’s face, watching transfixed as he sucks Sherlock’s finger deeper into his throat, swallowing against it, using it as an instrument of his own satisfaction in a way that has clearly not previously occurred to Sherlock.
Sherlock begins to play and John abandons all pretext of work, setting the laptop aside and listening to the tune, alternately haunting and delicate. “Is this… Brahms?” John asks after a moment, tentatively. He’s no expert but has been trying to learn to identify what Sherlock plays, particularly his favourite composers.
“Oh yes, a man smart enough to plot a complicated murder and fake a different height couldn’t remember to clean the mud off his boots beforehand or wear gloves in his victim’s house. Not a chance this clot managed to pull it off.”
John listens in silence for long minutes, content to lose himself in the music and to watch his friend, always elegant, transformed into an almost transcendent creature as he bows, so lost in his playing that all else fades away, including the stiff arrogance and self-consciousness that he typically surrounds himself with.
And they are so very good together, in work, in life, in bed. They complement each other absolutely. They always have done, but somehow now that they have moved beyond platonic friendship, John feels that their dynamic has strengthened far past what was before, what he’s had with anyone else, with girlfriends, with family, with his platoon mates.
He was grateful his own paranoia had caused him to keep virtually all his things in his bag with him when he had left – he still had most of his clothes, his phone, his laptop, and his money. Assuming he could get out of the city without being detected, his next stop had to be Finland; if that really was where Moran was based, then Sherlock would likely be there. Suddenly, he remembered the letter in his pocket. He fumbled for it and ripped it open.
On the train, John does something he's been avoiding for nearly a month now. He thinks about Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock tells him and John wonders if he knows that he’s lying. Either way, he shuts the door in John face and it doesn’t open again for a long time.
Sherlock took a deep breath. This was not a strategy he had prepared for, but he knew giving John anything other than what he was asking for now would backfire. “Yes, it was fun. The hunt. Putting the pieces together. The scent of blood in my nose. Destroying everything Moriarty built, every last connection, every asset, one by one. Dismantling it with my own hands. It was the most satisfying thing I’ve ever done. But I want you to believe me that the only thing that could have made it better is if you had been there with me.”
Sherlock fumbles blindly around him, feeling like the world is spinning, like he’s plunging into an unseen abyss. He falls to the hard floor, hitting it with his knees, dizzy and still screaming soundlessly for John.
“Well, we didn’t hold on to Ms. Mihov long after your case. Powers higher than mine intervened for her release. But we were watching her. Closely. And around the time all the information on Jim Moriarty disappeared, she did too. This file –” he nudges a worn manila folder on his desk toward John. “—is every record we have left of her.”
in the first place. I occasionally do something of scientific interest or value to the medical community, even if you aren’t paying attention when I do. It’s a toxicology conference, and I’m presenting on the novel delivery and action of Indian viper venom when introduced in small doses via intramuscular injection. Remember, the speckled blonde case?”
"Yeah," admits Greg. "Yeah. It makes sense. And I'll see that the laptop gets to the right people. Not much I can do with it myself, but maybe, one day..."
Their little party is a success, at least at first. Sherlock is in rare spirits, playing carols on his violin beautifully, and if he can’t stop thinking about work or deducing his friend’s lives, he at least seems to think he doing so in a playful manner. Of course most people don’t find it cute at all, and thus the rather small number of people gathered here tonight. The only ones stubborn enough to remain despite the constant stream of insults and painful, unasked for information about their relationships.
He'll have to tell John, he realises. He would have had to at some point anyway, and he'll need John to help figure out what's happened and why, and hopefully reverse it. It might as well be now and reduce the risk of his own nervous system pushing him over the brink as well. He's far too near it as things stands.
“I said are you sure we should take Bryant with us? He’s not very stable, he might panic. Or have a heart attack.”
John tosses a coin all the way to the front of the compartment and holds his breath. Luck is with him, and with a grunt the guard heaves himself up and inside.
Suddenly exhausted, he carefully crawls up on the sofa alongside John, slipping an arm underneath him, encircling his rib cage and holding him tightly. It's not long before John stirs, then starts awake.
Sherlock sniffs, but murmurs his acquiescence. It takes him longer than usual to navigate his ablutions, but it's doable. He tries to seem more grateful when John helps him with shaving again, without being asked. John doesn't say anything either, but ruffles his hair affectionately when he's done. Sherlock does feel a bit of satisfaction when he goes to dress, that the sock index and alphabetized wardrobe are useful for more than just taming his compulsive side.
John grunts. This is not the first time Sherlock has wandered into the bathroom or bedroom or otherwise private area while thinking over a case out loud, and he has lost the will to train him out of it.
“I promise,” he says at last. John nods his thanks, squeezes Sherlock’s arm despite himself, and retreats to his room without another word. He takes one of the painkillers he was prescribed, not because his shoulder hurts but because he can’t handle thinking about the implications of what just happened.
Lestrade nodded and lapsed back into deep contemplation of his liquor glass. They were both relieved when the system dinged a few moments later.
"So you've told me, and so I've told everyone who's called, but he's a persistent one and this is the fifth time just today. I can't have the phone ringing off the hook all day and night, you'll have to see him off yourself this time!"
to come here alone if you’d brought me with you in the first place, called for back up, gave anyone even the slightest hint of what you were up to! Tell me, what is it with you and sneaking off by yourself, especially with the really smart, really dangerous ones? Do you need to prove that you can handle the worst ones by yourself? Do you need quality time with another psychopath that badly? Or are you really, honestly trying to get yourself killed? Because I’d hope that you can come up with one or two things worth living for! Tell me because I
“Exactly. And yet his phone and watch were recent. He can afford new clothes, but he’s not comfortable with getting rid of something that has any wear left in it at all. Poor man’s habit. Last?”
Sherlock bites back the impulse to respond defensively that he has not changed, but he knows it's true.
Meal service consisted of black coffee from a thermos and a selection of stale biscuits. John refused both, and sat brooding as darkness fell. This time of year it would be dark most of the day where he was going. It was only 2pm local time and already nearly pitch black. He wasn’t sure if this would make his task easier or harder.
just sex either, not with them, with the life they had together. It had to be all in or nothing at all, and he was in no condition to make a rational decision on that right now. And neither was Sherlock.
Two days. It takes just two days for Moriarty to destroy everything Sherlock has built, everything they have together, and John can do nothing to stop it. All his loyalty, all his defence of Sherlock, his willingness to turn fugitive and go on the run from the law with him, none of it amounts to anything. It plays right into Moriarty’s hands.
He’s on his third when his mobile rings. He ignores it, not even bothering to look. It goes to voicemail but starts ringing again. The fourth time he answers, only for the satisfaction of saying “Sod off!”
John’s come round behind her, and Sherlock has spotted him but doesn’t motion for assistance. She lands a hit to Sherlock’s throat just then, making him cough and fall back, and that’s enough for John. Before she can realise he’s there, he grabs her arm and twists it up behind her back, hard enough to make her cry out. Sherlock reaches out and with one smooth motion takes her other wrist, spins her around from John so her back is to him, and neatly clicks the handcuffs into place.
She smiles sardonically. "I am very, very, very good at it," she tells him. "And very bad at almost everything else."
John’s gut twists with guilt. He’d forgotten, in all the commotion, what he’d said, what Sherlock would have heard him say.
“Yes, thank you for the comforting reminders,” Sherlock had snapped, turning on his heel and bundling into the cramped cargo space of the small passenger plane.
John looks completely unsurprised by any of this, if not exactly thrilled to see him. “Can I help you?” he asks, dryly.
He loves the late night chases, the danger, the spark of energy that come with them. He loves the difficult cases, watching Sherlock’s clever mind at work, wheels turning almost visibly. He loves the long hours in bed (or not) together, and all of Sherlock’s insane, inventive, and strangely erotic ideas for what to do with them. He even loves Sherlock’s weird possessiveness, his wild mood swings, his inappropriate comments. He could go on and on about the things he loves about Sherlock Holmes.
, Austria’s largest and most secure bank, still without either a box number or access code. It was a sunny day, but even colder than in Zagreb, the kind of bitter and biting cold that was not hindered at all by his thickest jumper and a leather jacket. Never mind that his only trousers were jeans. Not to put too fine a point on things, but he was freezing his bollocks off.
On the sofa, a gangly man with longish, dirty blond hair tied back waves hesitantly, as though unsure whether he actually does want Sherlock reminded of his presence.
After that first night, John expects it to get better. It does get better, really it does. Sherlock starts sleeping and eating and working and speaking again. He does things other than play the same six mournful bars on the violin over and over and over. In fact, he snaps back to his normal – whatever you can call normal for Sherlock – self again.
Sherlock's eyes narrow at John but he doesn’t comment. “I said, if you’re going out would you stop by the bookshop later, I’m expecting a special order.”
Sherlock sits up, slowly swiveling his legs over the side of the bed, acclimating himself to the darkness once more. He feels John get out of bed too and hears him rummage through his wardrobe.
!” Moriarty screamed, now somewhere to his left. “You’re as fascinated by me as I am by you. We may have ended up on different sides of the equation, but that’s how equations balance. Maybe mommy and daddy didn’t love me enough, and that’s why I’m the criminal and you’re the detective. Maybe I just had a
makes trouble wherever she goes. Until a couple years ago Les Butineuses stayed in Wallonia and we left each other alone. But then they start expanding, moving in on our patch, our business – got some new boss who wasn’t satisfied with the low-risk rackets they had going. And that
Sherlock plays him like the violin, eliciting feelings and sounds from him he didn’t think possible, brushing fingers expertly against his prostate until John sees stars behinds his eyes and his nerves hum like strings, an unfamiliar but beautiful symphony. John’s body sings a harmony to Sherlock’s melody, completely out of John’s control, completely given over.
The other rules (mainly, no sex at John’s work, no sex at the New Scotland Yard, no sex in the taxi – John gives in on snogging, because a taxi is a very good place to snog), elicit similar complaints, but Sherlock eventually submits, mainly because he can think of no way to change John’s mind.
Sherlock moves and John moves with him, letting him slide out and then drawing him back in, anything but passive. He keeps one hand on John's hip, feeling him undulate beneath it, and wraps the other around John's cock, stroking the smooth, taut length of it in a steady, matching rhythm.
This situation continued for four days. Captivity grated on him, and not showing it was even more taxing. He could not understand what their purpose in holding him for so long without asking him any questions was. The only answer must be that the person who had ordered his kidnapping had not yet arrived.
On the morning of the seventh day, John fairly slammed  Sherlock’s tea down in front of him, along with a piece of toast slathered in jam. “Eat, damn you.”
"Why are you here, John? I've said sorry. I'll say it again, a thousand times. You can berate me more if it helps. I'll stand here and take it. But wouldn't it be better if we just..."
When Sherlock reaches John he still has three women, all out of his league, vying for his attention. Sherlock supposes it is the formalwear – John looks good in a tux.  Sherlock dispatches his friend’s hangers-on with a quick, icy glare and, snatching an entire tray of delicate pastries off a waiter, collapses into a chair next to John.
Sherlock nods and is quiet for a few more minutes. John knows it’s not going to last and is not at all surprised when he begins, “So, what did she tell—”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’m so sorry you thought for a second this is your fault,” he whispers into them, unable to look the other man in the eye.
Once the first rush of emotion had been excised and John had managed to hold back most of his tears, at least in front of Sherlock, there was the explanation, the apology, the ensuing guilt on John’s part for ever doubting Sherlock, the assessment of Sherlock’s physical condition (not well, too skinny, new scars), and the stern mother-henning, which involved hot food, tea, and ordering Sherlock to the bath, then bed.
Satisfied, he fell at once asleep, still hearing the faint chords of the violin drifting up from Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Now, you have to stay completely still. No talking, no moving. I’m not supposed to stay in here, but if you want…”
“You really ought to tell that man you aren’t dead,” she comments idly. “If only for the safety of others.”
Neither knows how long they stay like that, but it is several minutes before either can move or speak. At last John lifts his head, still not letting go of Sherlock. “How? Why?”
Sherlock seems to like this idea, oddly enough. “That means you’re like a conductor in a circuit. I make electricity, you make the current flow and illumination possible. You make things visible.”
Mary pulls her legs up to her chest and rests her elbows on her knees, scrutinising him. "Sherlock, I wanted to talk to you before the wedding because I think... I suspect this may be a rather difficult day for you."
On the morning of the wedding he's caught by one of the numerous, nameless bridesmaids in the corridor. "Sherlock, Mary wants you," she chirps as she passes him on some errand of her own. "She's just down there, in that room."
"Shut up," Sherlock whispers, harshly. He's trying to think. This means something, he's sure it does, he just has to put it together and for that he needs no distractions. Out of habit he squeezes his eyes shut and puts his hands to his temples.
Sherlock scowled. “We can discuss the terms of my statement later,” he said coldly. “Right now I have more important things to attend to.”
"No," Sherlock tells him firmly. "No one is coming. You have to focus. We are in Baker Street. We have been drugged. I need to you help me make an antidote. Listen to my voice, John. Am I telling you the truth?"
“Apparently the Lady de Corataine has been feeling rather put out that none of his family ever attends the event. In the interest of domestic peace he requested that I come this year.”
“Actually, I meant you this time,” Sherlock, says rounding on him with shining eyes. “Without your knowledge of rare blood diseases I don’t know that I would have been able to find him. Well done.”
“John, your company would be…most welcome,” Sherlock admitted. “And it would certainly be easier having your skills, both medical and military, at my disposal. But I need to take them by surprise. If they didn’t think I was dead before, they certainly do now. I have a plan to take care of that with the relevant individuals, but to the rest of the world things have to look normal. No one can know what I’m doing. I need you to go back to London and continue to act as if… as if I died those months ago, as if nothing has changed. Take my mobile, keep it safe until I return. Or… well, if something happens to me I would appreciate if you would make sure that the record is set straight.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock, I don’t think it works that way. You don’t just stop caring for someone, even if they don’t want you.”
He is not looking for data or high thrills or even reassurance now. He’s just luxuriating in having John constantly within arms reach and in a state of undress, with nowhere to go, for hours and hours at a time. He seems to be in it for the unadulterated pleasure of slow and repeated lovemaking with the only person he trusts enough to allow that close to him, for a brief span happy and content with no other thoughts troubling his mind.
Lestrade scrolled down an opened another file, interested now despite himself. “Looks like he went to ground after going broke, there’s nothing serious on him for another ten years until he pops back up in…Vienna in 2002. Oh, that’s interesting… suddenly he’s got a nice fat bank account and wealthy Swiss friends. His parents are long dead and didn’t leave him an inheritance. Lots of rumors about criminal activities and MI-5 and Europol were both
It makes him think about why she’s in his life at all, why John goes home with her at the end of the night. So he doesn’t, letting himself develop what he can’t deny is an as affectionate a relationship as he’s ever had with anyone other than John, without ever letting his thoughts drift into that dangerous territory that would force him to acknowledge that all is not what he would wish it to be.
John feels his face burning from shame of how easily, how quickly he was willing to hop into the arms of another man to ease his pain, and how he still would if he thought for even a second he could use it to conjure up being with Sherlock again. He doesn't even care that it wouldn’t be fair to Victor, using him as a shadow, a substitute for what John would never have again.
“Sherlock, we can do that and more as many times as you would like. For whatever reasons.” John is still a bit shocked at everything that has happened this evening, but he committed to a course of action and second thoughts aren’t in his nature. And it was, he admits, the most spectacular sex of his existence. Next comes the interesting part. Continuing to live together while buggering the brains out of one another on regular basis. Some people would refer to that as a relationship, but John wasn’t betting on anything with Sherlock. If there was one thing he has just learned, it's that every expectation he had about the man could turn out to be wrong.
Suddenly he remembered. The Heimlich maneuver. It sometimes worked as a last resort to clear water from the lungs. He got behind John and wrapped his arms around him, making a fist with both hands and driving it up into John’s diaphragm has hard as he could – one, two, three times. On the third thrust, a fountain of water erupted from John’s mouth and nose. Sherlock let go of the breath he’d been holding, and lay the other man back down, again breathing into his mouth, four times.
Sherlock opens his mouth to lash out, but then shuts it. John’s right, he realises. He can’t be constantly on the edge of losing it. He’s got to learn to work around this, he’s got to find ways to be himself, to do what he needs to, without his vision. If only temporarily.
Still, he feels a strange reluctance to assume his usual place in Sherlock’s bed and the fact that Sherlock is currently sprawled diagonally across it, taking up every square centimetre possible with feet still hanging off the end, isn’t an incentive. Instead, John trudges up the stairs to his room, rarely used, little more than a storage closet at this point but still his own space. He has that, at least.
John pushes him away playfully. “Well, if you’re so eager then better get on your knees, Mr. Holmes.”
He lets the question hang there, anxiously and it makes John want to cry. He can’t take it anymore, he grabs Sherlock's large, elegant hands and put them to his lips.
And John does, spilling over, emptying himself completely into Sherlock, even as he feels Sherlock shudder and explode under his hands, bending down to lick the hot fluid off his stomach, wanting to taste, to know, to have some of Sherlock within him too. They stare into each other’s eyes, unmoving, unblinking, until John slips quietly from Sherlock and comes to rest next to him, suddenly bashful.
John wonders if he’s taking advantage of Victor’s kindness. But he offered to help and he'd clearly meant it. And what else can he do? He can’t talk to anyone else about this, probably shouldn’t even talk to Victor about it.
“I’m not a genius, Greg,” he says at last. “I helped Sherlock, I know he worked better with me around, and I’m sure I learned from him. But something like this, with no evidence or leads either of us can discern… I don’t think I have prayer of untangling it without… I mean, on my own.”
John barely has time to say, “Not remotely,” before Sherlock has dragged him back down to the bed, and then it is a very long time before he needs to say anything else at all.
"I didn't want to. If you had known, even suspected I was alive, someone else might have too. I couldn't risk your life for that, not until I was sure it was safe again, not until now. Can you ever forgive me, John?" Sherlock's voice is as close to pleading as it ever gets.
“I left so he wouldn’t see me,” Sherlock counters, not bothering to dispute her first assumption this time
Sherlock processed that, nodded, and fled. John grinned at his retreating back. He knew he was being a little heartless, after all Sherlock had been through, but it was also working. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson were, at least on some level, capable of having something approaching a functional relationship. Even if no one had bothered to tell Sherlock about it. Perhaps
His head pounds as he reaches for the limp wrist and finds nothing there, no pulse, no life. He allows himself to be pried off Sherlock. Even then he thinks maybe it isn’t true, even though he knows the feeling of that hand, that wrist, better than his own, has checked Sherlock's pulse there scores of times. But they turn him over, revealing the battered face, streaked with blood, grey eyes sightless and open. It is the eyes that convince John it is really over. He knows those eyes, has seen every possible mood shining in them, has seen them sharp and cold and angry and filled with desire and joyful, but he has never seen them empty, never seen them still.
“I never do.” John swore there was a hint of a smile on Sherlock’s face, but it faded quickly. They drank the tea without milk and without speaking, and sat motionless for minutes after they finished, too tired to go to bed. Finally John roused himself to go upstairs. Sherlock seemed lost in his own thoughts, but there was nothing unusual about that. John patted Sherlock’s shoulder stoutly on his way past.
John shrugs. “It won’t be coming from you that way. I think I have some ideas on how to talk to him…”
"Mycroft keeps me informed. I'm impressed you managed to orchestrate something so elaborate so quickly after regaining your freedom."
Puzzled, John obeys without argument. Sherlock stands and comes towards him, a single, deliberate step at a time. “Dim… less dim… brighter… brighter…” he mutters. He stops about halfway to John and takes a few steps backwards. “Dimmer…dimmer…”
He’s on the freezing floor of the morgue now, collapsed under the weight of it all, back to wall. He’s crying, weeping, gasping huge gulps of air because suddenly there’s not enough of it, tears and snot rolling down his face and he doesn’t care. He hasn’t cried like this since he was a boy, not even when his parents died, not even when his comrades were blown to bits before his eyes, not even when shrapnel twisted hot into his body and he lay delirious in the unforgiving sun waiting to die.
John laughs at him. "You've used the word in proximity to me twice in all the time we've known each other, you recalcitrant twit, and neither time said it
"John." Sherlock says and John reluctantly comes sits across from him, obediently placing fingers on his wrist. "Have I missed something?"
“John!” he hisses angrily. “What the hell are you doing here? Don’t move, the house is booby trapped.”
“Situation? Isn’t that a bit drastic? It’s a simple legal transaction. One that, I might add, I am completely within my rights to do.”
John pulls himself on top of the unresisting detective and begins to ever so gently nip at his prominent collarbone. Sherlock stifles a moan.
"Are you actually allergic to giving me more than two minutes notice for anything?" John shouts after him, futilely, as the door slams.
“I love you, too,” John says, grinning with what can only be described as sparkling, dazzling, radiant joy. He puts Sherlock’s hands to his mouth and kisses them reverently. “Absolute fucking nightmare.”
John gets Sherlock to bed, not even bothering to try to undress him in his state, just laying him on the mattress and pulling the sheet over him, hoping he’ll sleep it off. John positions himself in the sitting room with the futile hope of getting some work done, strangely unsettled and tensed for any noise coming from the other room. When Sherlock does wake, calling for John, he’s hardly more coherent than he had been on the way home, babbling about the woman again, insisting that she was here, trying to get up and go after her.
"Well, what about that cook's son? The one who looks like he just walked out of a Gieves & Hawkes catalog?" Sherlock gestures in the general direction of the garden, where a strapping young man is building a new trellis.
John attempts, and fails, to block the previous exchange from his mind. Fantastic. Naked John makes Sherlock think about sex. The last thing he needs is to think about Sherlock thinking about sex. He looks down. Oh. He sighs and turns the shower to cold.
The detective finally met his gaze, silently, his grey eyes searching John’s almost hungrily, trying to make sense of the meaning behind his words.
John’s typing has slowed to almost nothing in the warmth of the fire and the aftermath of the large meal. He finds himself in a cheerfully sleepy haze, staring at nothing in particular, and is pleased when Sherlock asks, “Would you like me to play for you, John?”
“Look, when you started things with me, did you do it because you couldn’t help it? Did chemicals make you?”
“Ah. Well, now that I think about it…” The thought truly hadn’t occurred to John, so caught up in his reflexive antagonism to Mycroft, but now it sinks in.
Of course, the very fact of recognising that it's going to take time is an acknowledgement that he's going to, eventually, forgive Sherlock. That makes him even more annoyed, and a long day at work in which he can't seem to stop obsessing over how angry he is with the detective doesn't help matters. Finally, after he's quite spectacularly mistaken one of his odder patients for Sherlock in disguise, he gives up.
“Because I pay attention, and because it is my job to pay attention. That’s why you’ve come to see me, isn’t it? Then get to why you’re here or get out.”
John gets the syringe into the vein and manages to inject nearly a quarter of it before Sherlock wrests it out of his hand, blowing the vein and tossing the needle across the room. “No!” he yells, swaying with the effort of keeping himself sitting upright. “You can’t.”
“I was to be put on every terrorist watch list from here to Istanbul, as well as anonymously reported to HMRC for an audit.”
And it works. Or very nearly. John feels better, ready to take the final step and ask Mary to be his wife. Amazingly, the anniversary seems to have inspired the press as well and investigative reports surface at last, clearing Sherlock of all wrongdoing. It's bittersweet, but once John is satisfied he's not about to be murdered as a result, it makes him feel even more confident in his decision. Like the burden of keeping Sherlock's memory is no longer just on him.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and nodded reluctantly, still clearly put out but no longer acting in that stiff, cruel, protective manner he had when he was humiliated.
. Dying art, to die from skill? He did love his little Latin jokes. So since we’ve established you’re going to kill me at some point along the line, you might as well tell me what his real name was.”
The question answers itself. There, in Sherlock's bed - their bed - lies the Woman. She has showered in their shower, is wearing Sherlock's clothes, and sleeping between their sheets. She looks small and fragile and John kind of wants to strangle her for it.
"I am not yet certain about the contents of the shipment she's referring to, although I have a strong suspicion. But whatever is in it, they're going to steal it and pin it on Bryant. That way, no mess. We will have to intercept them in the act to prove Bryant's innocence. But as she told you, for security reasons the shipments are only announced 24 hours beforehand, and only to the highest levels in the company."
As this sinks in John's vision blurs, and in an instant he's crossed the space between them and his hands are around her neck.
“Well, we never had any concrete proof that she was connected to Moriarty, but she all but came out and said it or neither of us would be here. She was a citizen of Bulgaria, although it’s not clear if she was born there. She had forged papers from a dozen countries under scores of names but I’m sure none of those would do you any good at this point even if we had them. Her organisation, or at least the one she seemed to be working for at the time you encountered her, was Belgian. Les Butineuses has basically vanished now as well and it’s not clear how Moriarty was connected to them either…”
Sherlock nods reluctantly and takes a deep breath. “I know you think I’m obsessed, infatuated. You’re right, I am. Have been. It’s not because… it’s not an attraction. Not like you would think. I am…drawn to her. Because… John, this is embarrassing!” he says suddenly.
John raises his eyebrows. “Well, what then? Do you want me to leave now, get out of his life? Because that’s really none of your damn business. Come to think of it, none of this is.”
Sherlock looks at him in surprise. “John, I told you, this is what I’m doing now. That is what I will be doing tomorrow,” he tells him, as if it should make perfect sense. “Unless you are tired of this and want to investigate on your own?”
After a few days of this, Sherlock was at a loss. It was bad enough he had no way to work and couldn’t leave the flat, now even John was denying him any form of mental stimulation. He was going to go mad. He had tried to be on his best behavior, but really this was not to be borne. And of course there were no drugs to be had anywhere in the flat, not even nicotine patches. John ignored his requests for these when he did the shopping.
John sighs happily, almost at peace. “Sherlock,” he says tentatively. “Can we stay here today? Like this?”
As soon as the waves of pleasure dim enough for John to see straight, he grabs for Sherlock, pulling him over him, kissing Sherlock deeply and tasting his own lingering flavour in Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock allows him to remove the rest of his clothes, to wrap his hand around Sherlock, gloriously hard and smooth and already beginning to be slick. He permits John to stroke him while kissing his throat, devouring every bit of it he can reach. Sherlock lifts his head, exposing more of his tender skin, eyes closed, body purring under John’s touch.
“If you like…sure…” John says weakly. He is not at all sure that this is good, particularly given what tends to happen to the human body when large amounts of current are passed through it. And yet this is very nearly a blatant admission of John’s complete indispensability to Sherlock, and that is no small thing.
! We all have our fascinations. I know at least one or two of yours.” He nodded at Sherlock’s purpling arm. “You have…chemical proclivities…among other things. And heroin - you must be desperate to put aside your cocaine for that! Maybe you’re
Sherlock makes an appalled sound. “Not even milk? What about wool? Those don’t hurt your preciously fluffy creatures.”
“Better give it a clever title, John,” Sherlock says, ignoring him and tackling his third helping of curry. “It deserves it. God, this is great. Better than sex!”
Sherlock does, with bad grace. He's freezing and the smock was clearly not designed for a man of his height.
“Yes, hold on.” John was used to this by now, but he could by no means text as quickly as Sherlock could talk. “Okay, sent.”
Two days and John is standing in front of St. Bart’s, listening to Sherlock lie to him, not understanding why and pleading for him not to jump.
“Duly noted.” Sherlock could tell John was still angry, but it was the most logical way. And the safest, at least for John, if not for him. It wasn’t that he didn’t believe in John’s abilities – quite the opposite. But he couldn’t afford to have John used against him again, and that would be a risk until he had completely eliminated all of Moriarty’s associates.
“Leave me,” John pants, now determined that this man will not escape them. “It’s fine. Don’t let him get away. Go! For fuck’s sake
“John!” he practically shouts, getting out of his chair and in one smooth move jumping on to the seat. “Chemical!”
“For a man otherwise not meticulous with his person – slightly mussed hair, two days growth of beard, clothes as before mentioned – he had perfectly manicured hands and extremely well-trimmed fingernails.”
Sherlock locks his grey eyes on John’s dark blue ones, unblinking. He opens his mouth and for one terrible moment John thinks he’s actually going to say it. But instead he closes his mouth and leans his forehead against John’s, defeated. John lets out a breath he hadn’t even known he was holding. He puts his hands to Sherlock’s face.
“Yes, thank you Greg,” John said, relieved. “You have no idea how important this is. The name is Sebastian Moran. I need all the records you have on him, everything, from every database.”
“My instincts kicked in then, I managed to wrestle my gun out of his hands and fire. I couldn’t lift my head to see, but I knew I’d got him, I heard the sound of a body hitting the ground nearby.”
He must have run for thirty minutes, twisting and turning, always listening and watching for any sign that he had been tracked. Finally he was satisfied that he had escaped, at least for the moment. It was dark now, and freezing. He was exhausted. He ducked into the first cheap-looking restaurant he saw and ordered hot coffee and soup. He needed to decide his next move. He obviously couldn’t go back to his room – the man hadn’t just been watching the house for anybody, he had known John’s name. It would be ransacked by now, and all the stolen goods retrieved. It was even possible they would call the police on him and he would be wanted as a smuggler himself, though he guessed Moran would prefer to keep his activities off the radar altogether.
“Great,” John says slowly. “Problem, though. I might be wrong, but I’ve got your blood tests right here and there doesn’t seem to be any sign of this is in your bloodstream. Maybe it’s not the Hound drug after all.”
Victor nods and, not wanting to wake the housekeeper, makes up a room for Sherlock and says goodnight, making a credible effort to conceal his curiosity.
Sherlock ignores him and continues at his brutal pace so finally John just stops. He crosses his arms and waits for Sherlock to turn back.
game? He’s dead, you’re officially the cleverest man alive. Why are you letting him win, letting him control you? I never thought you were a coward.”
“He killed at least three other girls, and never would have gone to trial for those murders. His sentence for the kidnapping, had he lived, would have been far too light. He would have gotten out, he would have done it again.”
Whatever reply Sherlock makes is muffled by pillows, and John suspects it was rather a rude one. He sighs wearily and slowly approaches the sofa. He puts a hand on Sherlock’s back to gauge his reaction, like letting a dog smell you before you pet him, and when there is no abrupt rejection he carefully lowers himself on top of Sherlock, chest to back, using his arms as a pillow and nuzzling his face into that spot on Sherlock’s neck he knows can make him crumble.
Moran shrugged nonchalantly. “It worked. Love wasn’t something Jim went in for. I’m not even sure he was capable of it. Although his obsession with you made me wonder sometimes.”
In the glass, John can see Sherlock’s eyes darting back and forth at an almost inhuman rate, the way they do when he doesn’t understand something about another person, like he’s scanning all available data for a solution.
“Then believe me when I say I absolutely cannot explain why I need this, but if you don’t help me we will both regret it for a very long time.” There was a pause. “You owe me, Greg.”
"Yeah. Couldn't just swallow it or inject it normally. Blood-brain barrier and all that. Sorry about the massive needle to the brain. I realise it was a bit alarming. Still, only option."
She stares him down for long seconds and then relents, accepting that he's both serious and capable. “Very well. Moriarty laid a trap for Sherlock Holmes, as you know. And for you, Doctor. He was quite mad of course, but it doesn’t matter because he was brilliant and had more power than you can possibly imagine. He didn’t just want Sherlock dead. He wanted him destroyed, utterly. That’s where you come in.”
Sherlock studies her carefully. She clearly understands John better than anyone except perhaps himself, and still no sign of deception.
Lestrade visibly cringes at the gratitude, stingy as it is. “Don’t thank me yet. I’m about to make your day. Because now I need to you to punch me. Hard.”
“It was medical school. She’s married. And she’s the top rated neurosurgeon in London,” John says coolly. “Caroline says your brain scan is indistinguishable from that of a normally seeing person. There’s absolutely no detectable reason you should be blind right now.”
He finds the conference enjoyable, even if he’s grown unused to being away from Sherlock and Baker Street for any great period of time. But there’s plenty to keep his mind occupied, new research to learn about, new colleagues to meet, a modest amount of praise for his own work. It’s invigorating.
Of course the time in bed is far from completely idle. Sherlock has a high and energetic libido even at the worst of times. His expressions of desire usually fall somewhere among one of three forms: the experimental, in which he sets about collecting data and esoteric facts about one or both of them during sex – from the exact heart rate at climax to the comparative levels of pleasure received from each of three carefully selected positions; the animalistic, which occurs after cases when both are on an adrenaline high or when Sherlock is in need of an outlet for his lust or frustration or some other thing, raw need and passion resulting in erotically rough and desperate sex, as well as occasional damage of bodies and/or property (or when they are both just extremely horny, which is often); and, finally, the gentle but needy, when Sherlock needs to communicate or understand something he can’t express, or if they’ve had a row, so that Sherlock can feel that everything is all right or apologise without having to say anything or even simply try and show John what’s going through his head and divine what’s going through John’s. John fully enjoys each of these, and has no objections to any of it.
He’s still at it when John wakes, and even John’s hand on his arm is barely enough to slow him in his circuit. John lets him go, biting back his protests. Doubtless he understands this behaviour is a substitute for more destructive means of coping. At last, later in the evening than Sherlock would prefer, the phone rings and he is freed.
“Only if we can do that again,” Sherlock answers. “I think I’d like to do that again. I think it was…good.”
"No! You don't understand. Mary was... the first person I could talk to. The only person, really, who would just listen and never judge. About you. About us. About what it was like. I needed someone, desperately. I had no one. And then she came along and she was there for me. Really there."
“You were right, John!” Victor agrees.  “The company’s a shell. I don’t know what for, but I’m fairly certain it’s not hauling timber to Greenland or any of the other things its charter claims.”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow and John has evidently answered his own question. Assuming that should be enough for him, Sherlock goes to resume his conquest, shoving John back with two firm hands to his chest, but John resists.
Sexually, John is constantly amazed at the perfection the two of them together unfailing produces, whether they are roughly ravaging each other, fighting for control, leaving bruises and bite marks, or sweetly, tenderly giving themselves to one another in a sleepy moment after a hard case. There are many tunes but they always seem to be in absolute harmony. John had never thought he’d want to be with a man at all, and certainly not that he could be so fully satisfied by one that all thought of anything else leave his head permanently. Sherlock is all he wants, and, he realises, all he’s ever wanted.
Sherlock starts to babble. "John, I'm sorry if I’ve... overstepped. I wasn't sure how to ask you. Or tell you. I thought I'd better show you instead. I know you need space and you're worried about Rosie, but I want... I was hoping... I mean, I understand that things can't be what they were before but I want you to know that I want whatever it is that it can be, as much you want it to be."
He realized only then that it had not occurred to him to simply move downstairs and let Sherlock have the bed alone. This was not a position he had ever imagined himself in, even after meeting Sherlock. It felt alien, but it felt… right, too. He relaxed. It didn’t need to be anything else, not right now and maybe not ever. It didn’t need a name. He let his hand drift behind him and rest on Sherlock’s feet, and slowly he fell asleep.
John goes right on not believing it until Sherlock’s feet leave the roof of the hospital and John is screaming into a mobile phone that connects to nothing. He doesn’t believe it once there’s a body on the ground, and he doesn’t believe it for a long time afterwards. The world moves in sickeningly slow motion around him as he scrambles to his friend’s side and when it starts up again he is standing in the rain, alone, in the place where Sherlock Holmes died.
The question was left hanging there. Sherlock looked at John almost pleadingly, as though he was out of his depth. John awkwardly put an arm around his friend’s shoulders. He could feel every bone, every vertebra. Sherlock jumped at his touch, as if he had forgotten the other man was there, but didn’t move away. Finally John said, “If I make some eggs will you eat them and take some medicine for your headache? Then maybe you can sleep.”
Victor Trevor is more than a little surprised when Sherlock fetches up on the doorstep of Corvin Castle late that night, totally unannounced and damp through from the fog. He handles it with aplomb, as he would do even if it were a less welcome visitor than his old friend.
“It has been four months and sixteen days since your last date, John,” Sherlock recited. “It’s been eight months and twenty-seven days since your last girlfriend broke up with you.”
Once in fighting mode Sherlock's as capable as John, if not as powerfully destructive. But he's a fraction of a second too slow getting there, and in spotting the second assailant. Despite getting a few good hits in, he's quickly overcome and rendered unconscious by another efficient blow from the field hockey stick to the base of his skull.
It drives Sherlock wild and he rolls himself on top of John and begins to strip him, pulling off the light grey jumper and undershirt awkwardly, distracted by another sensation – the twin pleasures of John’s soft lips and rough stubble working their way up and down his neck, with the occasional sharpness of teeth nipping at his tender skin. It’s delicious, but he has a different aim in mind and once he has John shirtless, he straddles him and pins his wrists to the bed above his head.
John steps carefully down the hall towards Sherlock and stops when he reaches him. “Agreed. So, any ideas?”
“No, no, no! When he said he’d burn the heart out of me. I’ve been turning it over and over in my head and it won’t fit anywhere. What does it mean, John?” He collapsed back into his chair.
The question again. Sherlock feels a stab of fear when he thinks of his desires. It seems like too much to ask, but John’s breath is hot on his cheek and it makes him bold.
“It’s not hard once you get used it,” he forges on with the optimism of youth and conviction. “I’ve been a strict vegan since I was nine.”
John slams the door to the flat behind him and Sherlock slumps back in the chair and closes his eyes.
John goes to him, blinking back tears as he checks the detective over and helps him sit up. Sherlock is conscious, but disoriented. The wounds on his arms, three or four short cuts on each, aren’t deep, clearly made by the discarded razor blade on the floor next to him. They are fresh and bleeding profusely as shallow cuts tend to do. “Sherlock, can you hear me?” John asks. There is a glass of water near the bed and he dips the corner of the bed sheet into it and wipes away as much of the blood as he can.
“In the scan… it was lighting up just like it would if you were receiving visual input. Caroline said—”
“People want things from me,” Sherlock said in a low voice after a few moments of silence. “They want things I can’t give them, things I don’t understand. The public. Molly. Mycroft.  You…”
When, after only brief moments, John jerks back, pushing Sherlock off him, it's like having a limb amputated without warning - numb and disorienting at first, then unbearable. The distance between them is worse than on their first reunion, now all the more hurtful for those few seconds of intimacy. John is panting, holding him at bay with body language that is at once screaming hungry desperation and violent rejection.
John closes the distance between them, putting one hand on his daughter’s back and the other on Sherlock’s waist. He goes up on his toes to kiss Sherlock softly.
“Maybe. But not in the next three days, I assume, from your lackadaisical approach so far. I’m going to the conference. I’m to present a paper; I can’t just not go.”
“Sherlock, haven’t you changed that tone back yet?” John snaps. “Don’t worry, my friend’s phone is just being inappropriate. It does that. Sherlock, what were you saying to him? Sherlock!”
But he doesn’t really have time to devote to contemplating her – Mary; he’s surprised to find he’s retained her name – when the important thing is getting his life back. Which means getting John back, among other things.
He feels John's hands on his thighs. John is kneeling before him. "I know, I know. Just... you're in perfect health. Your vitals, your reflexes, all as they should be. Your eyes look completely fine, they're responding to light stimulus normally."
Sherlock almost said something, then appeared to be at a total loss for adequate words. “No,” he said lamely. “That’s…fine.” He went back to his microscope and John hoped he missed the expression of smug satisfaction John couldn’t quite keep off his face.
“It’s all lies, of course. You know that, but you might be the only other one who does, really. Without any doubt at all.”
“Thirty-five minutes, he’s getting slow,” Sherlock mutters, annoyed, throwing cash down on the table on their way out.
Mycroft manages to stop his gaze from flickering to his law degree on the wall, but it’s a close thing. “Clearly I’m not going to change your mind, so I’ll take care of it for you. You’ll have to come back to sign everything when it’s ready.”
John won’t meet his gaze, but says, “I just wanted to feel something, anything. Cocaine always seemed to do it for you, but it made me see things, see you, not like this, bloody on the pavement, falling through the air, and that was worse. So, I thought maybe if I found someone, I could close my eyes, and pretend, pretend for a moment that it was you, that I was with you, but…” he shook his head numbly.
She was the last person he had expected to see, and he was surprised how grateful he was to see her. She did not seem to expect him to say anything and invited herself in, going up the stairs and into the flat while keeping her hand on his arm, never breaking contact. He sat on the sofa and she knelt beside him resting her forehead against his temple. “I know it’s not true,” she whispered. “I didn’t believe it for a second. He saved my life.”
“Sherlock,” John puts a hand uncertainly on his friend’s shoulder. “There’s something you aren’t telling me. Something’s going to happen, isn’t it?”
He resolved to wait no more than ten minutes for a reply before calling Mycroft. Or Lestrade. Or going out to search himself. Something. Sitting here like this was madness. But he barely had time to decide on a course of action before a response quickly came.
He casts about for Sherlock and finally spots him at the other end of the warehouse, engaged in furious hand to hand combat with their target. John moves closer, slowly, still feeling the stun grenade, but neither pay him any mind. He decides to let this play out for a moment. They seem pretty evenly matched and as much as John hates fighting women, fighting one he’s kissed just seems excessively wrong. Besides, it gives him a chance to admire Sherlock.
Sherlock waves that away as inconsequential. “In due time. Once we’re at a point where things are obvious enough we won’t have to explain ourselves. Much.”
“Fourteen,” Sherlock amended. “The others were henchmen, too stupid to realise when they were on the wrong side. I did…try…not to be excessive.”
Even injured and with her hands bound she could probably do a fair job of fighting him off, but she doesn't attempt it. Doesn't even flinch.
He swerved down the first connecting street and reached the water’s edge in only a few moments. In the sparse lights nearby, he could just make out two figures on the end of a long pier. He had come out farther from them than he expected. Before he could get on to the pier, he saw something gleam in the dim light. A knife.
There is no signature, and no way to send a return text, but for some reason John’s heart flutters in his chest. Cautiously, he does as he is instructed. The building seems to be an empty warehouse, with great chains hanging from the ceiling, possibly used for construction equipment. The few, high windows are filthy and it is cloudy out, so only a tiny amount of light manages to filter onto the floor. The room is huge, and John can just make out a figure standing in shadow all the way at the other end of it.
"You're easing up. You've poured more oil in the centre of my back and you're running your fingers very slowly down my spine to the top of my buttocks." Sherlock sighs involuntarily as a shiver of pleasure runs along the path traced by John's hands. "Now you're smiling at my reaction; your knees are squeezing me noticeably tighter and your pulse is elevated."
"Well, that's a very noble sentiment. But are you quite sure?  Theory is one thing, practice is quite another."
John takes his advice with bad grace, hunkering down in his sodden clothes and trying with every fibre of his being not to vomit.
“It kept her from leaving and finding you rummaging through her stuff. And if you didn’t like it, you should never have put me in that position. My sexuality is
“What, a child just wandered in off the street? That is unexpected. Does he have a case?” Sherlock looks perversely excited by the prospect, but John shakes his head wearily, pinching the bridge of his nose with two fingers.
It takes too long to get there, and the cabbie has no idea where he’s going so John reads him directions off his phone. The house, looming and shabby, is down a long, overgrown lane in an area that was fashionable for summer homes at one time, but has since become neglected and undesirable. All the estates they pass have an air of disuse about them, but this one has been let go to seed completely. The gardens have turned into a small forest filled with brambles and nettles and young trees, shading into the dark, true woodland behind it. The paint on the house is peeling and signs of rot are everywhere.
Suddenly he feels a hand slip into his, cold and dry and birdlike. Molly is sat beside him and is leaning her head on his shoulder, squeezing his hand, saying nothing. A distant part of him knows he should pull himself together, that sitting here crying like a child won’t change anything. But he can’t stop and he doesn’t even really want to try, it just pours out in retching sobs and the involuntary repetition of the words “I loved him” between them.
John relaxed visibly, but Sherlock could see he was still angry.  “So. Is there anything else I should know? Anything you’ve been keeping from me for my 'own good'? Now would be the time.”
John gives him a funny look. "I won't if you won't," he says. He leans over and takes Sherlock's mouth in his own, as tender as anything Sherlock's ever felt. It goes all all golden in Sherlock's head and he lets himself forget, just for a moment everything that's happened today or might happen in the future, and surrenders to the bright galaxy that lives inside John Watson's skin.
He follows John docilely out of the hospital and on to the street, that thought choking out all other thoughts now. It’s busy and it takes a little while to get a taxi. The street is strange and daunting in this state, just walking, even with John’s aid, seems as treacherous as crossing the Himalayas on foot with a murderous horde at his heels.
But the rain is coming down harder now, and the puddle that was the last of his friend is all but gone. Slowly, the cold water on his face brings him back to his senses, enough to think.
“How could you?” he demands. Sherlock turns around with only mild surprise and looks at him innocently. “He was unconscious, he wasn’t a threat anymore.”
“I’m quite certain your brother did not invite you to this party so you could out his guests as embezzlers and adulterers,” John tells him, rolling his eyes. There is a pause. “No, that’s
Finally he squares his shoulders and heads out, back into London. He does not return to 221B Baker Street, and will not for a very long time.
“It looks worse than it is,” Sherlock said dismissively. “Tie him up before he wakes. There must be medical supplies around here somewhere. What happened to the rest of the guards?”
"Don't go overboard with the compliments or anything," John mutters. "All right. Chat her up. For any particular purpose?"
Sherlock has never been this close to another person, never felt the warmth of another man against his skin like this, never smelled sweat and tears, never been aware of the blood coursing through another’s veins, pulsating against him insistent and irresistible. And he never dared to hope, even if he had allowed himself to think about such things, that it would be John, his brave John, his heart and his conscience, who would pressed against him, smelling of need and desire and fear and the incomprehensible pain crushing in on both of them.
Sherlock smiles triumphantly, a real smile this time, and pushes John towards the police cars waiting outside.
Her hair was short and blonde, her clothes a bit dowdy and out of style, but he recognized her at once. The Woman.
Sherlock sounds disgusted and John knows it’s not just a show. He was hoping for an equal, someone he could hate and respect, and he’s gotten a snivelling coward with a persecution complex and more knowledge of weaponry than is good for him.
John shakes his head. “I don’t know what was wrong with me today, Sherlock. I’m sorry, I overreacted. Just sometimes you can be so… I don’t know. I should be used to it. I don’t know why it got to me today.”
“Because,” John whispers, ducking down to nibble on Sherlock’s earlobe. “You get to take it off me after.”
Sherlock goes a few steps further and then turns back to her. “John,” he asks against his better judgement. “When he left.  Was he… was he limping?”
“Wait, why are you telling me now?” John gave him a piercing glare. “If the danger is over, Sherlock would have come himself. And if it wasn’t, he never would have let you come here and endanger me. Where is he, Mycroft?”
Sherlock lets out a long string of invective, but his heart isn’t in it. The truth of this is undeniable.
He tries to think of something, anything else but his mind keeps looping itself, refusing to move away from the questions in a straight line, and nothing will alter its course. Well, one thing would. But he’s kept his promise and hasn’t touched a thing since the conclusion of the Culverton Smith case, and with Rosie in the house now there’s definitely a zero-tolerance policy in effect. He doesn’t have a stash left in any case, even if he were inclined to risk blowing up what’s left of his relationship for a few hours of quieter thoughts.
The cold case turns hot, a string of previously unconnected housebreakings and rapes becoming a pattern under Sherlock’s scrutiny, every three years, with one imminent. Rapid footwork, Sherlock’s deductions, and some esoteric medical knowledge from John prevent it in the nick of time. They arrive home, flushed and triumphant.
Sherlock rubs his hands together. “Of course. He’s been spying on me since I was twelve. I’m sure he still will, just not inside the house. Nice work, John!”
He'd never realised. It had never occurred to him that he might be in John's nightmares right alongside Kandahar and explosions and dying children. It had occurred to him even less that there might have been other dreams as well. It hurts and he doesn't know what to say about it so he deflects.
John feels hope tentatively take root in his chest. “Well, it did seem that way. And there is something between you. You can’t deny it. Maybe if you could tell me…”
The pit grows to an abyss. “Ah… well, yes. Yes, they are. You see I did some very thorough research after you mentioned your concerns for Rosie’s future, and while there are a number of steps that can be taken to assure that, estate planning documents, guardianship agreements, tax shelters, et cetera, I came to the conclusion that this was the simplest and most legally sound way to put everything in order, with a minimum loss of assets…” Sherlock’s panicked babbling falters under stony silence from John. He can’t quite decipher the expression on his friend’s face but it certainly isn’t one of the good ones.
Two updates in two days? What kind of insanity is this? Just trying to make up for lost time on this thing. =)
Sherlock still looks unconvinced, though John can see he is wavering. “I can’t change who I am, John. You can’t ask me to.”
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise. “When are you going to let me get a complete sentence out?” he snarls.
Sherlock’s got that look on his face that he gets when he’s just seen John do something terribly brave and dangerous, and John only has a second to brace himself before Sherlock is on him.
Sherlock tried not to gape at him, both stunned and pleased at John’s burst of affection. Somehow that one little act spoke as deeply to how much they meant to each other as their whole life together, as John’s grief at his death and the words he had spoken after it, as the dangerous journey here to rescue him. And he realised the best thing he could do for John was to pretend it hadn’t happened, at least for now.
