A hot rush of jealousy filled Sherlock’s belly. He had seen John grasp Lyons’ bicep appreciatively, and while Sherlock could objectively appreciate Lyons’ beauty, the idea of John appreciating it from up close was not a pleasant one. He lifted a chair and went towards the house.
John was surprised to wake before Sherlock the next morning. He looked for Sherlock’s boots, in case he’d gone out to the garden. No, there they were by the door, obnoxiously large and still shiny, despite nearly a month of backwoods living. How did Sherlock do it? He’d never seen him cleaning the damn things, and nobody else was there to do it.
“It’s nice,” young Dimmock said, admiring the perfect slope.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You never said a truer thing, dear. Now, here comes John with Harry, so take a step or two back.”
“I’m fine, John,” Sherlock rasped.
"Were there any geese there?"
“It’s the first time I’ve been aware of it. But I’ll adapt.”
“You didn’t hurt yourself.”
"He's sharp. Better trust him. Let me know if there's anything I can do."
“When he won't, he won't--Lestrade-like.  We're all born with that kink in us, young lad, and you'll have to put up with it--more by token that you're full of it yourself, you know.  Talk about your not being Lestrade!  The Watson is only skin deep with you.”
“Well,” he said, “You don’t look like the scion of a degenerate family.”
John was still nowhere to be seen when Sherlock came outside again after having deposited his chairs and said good night to a tipsy Mrs. Hudson. Sarah and Soo-Lin had been nowhere to be seen, and even Lestrade had disappeared. The bonfire had died down to a glow of coals, and the deserted barnyard felt uncomfortably lonely in the starlight.
I’d also like to add that my darling beta, doctornerdington, added the following comment after that note: “NOTED. No tea or alcohol, but sexing up okay.” She is correct. Sex up those hypothermic people as soon as they are conscious and consenting.
"Sherlock, please," he said, and grinned. "Remarkable! That's not usually what people say."
“Sherlock? Care to explain?”
“With me ejaculating on your hardwood furniture?” Sherlock’s voice was raspy, rough. “I’m aware I’m not normal, thank you very much.”
I contemplated buying a piece of salt pork (available at any local grocery store here, along with horse meat) to show you but it’s too warm for baked beans. It’s really not so bad, but I would not want to eat it every day.
The line from John’s medical textbook does not exist in any medical textbook. I am cheerfully perverting science for my own ends.
“Welcome home, John,” she said. Her eyes were bright with tears.
, in fact.”
"I can't help but deduce certain oddities of psychology when people give animals human names."
“Is someone there?” Sherlock sat right up, eyes bright. He leaped up and pulled on trousers, while John searched for his own.
“Why don’t you take her to him?”
“It was my shoes last week. When will you bloody learn to bloody leave my things alone?”
He felt a chill creep across him. Suddenly, it seemed possible that the bush around the edges of the farmyard was populated with invisible bears. He stood tall, planting his feet into the ground against the sudden fear. There was no reason to expect bears to be out, or to charge into a clearing in broad daylight. He would not bolt back to the house.
“Hold tight. I’m going to…” John was torn. Sherlock needed heat, fast, and the only source handy was John himself. But if John didn’t light the fire, they’d both freeze in the night—and John was none too sure Sherlock could make it through without a hot drink. He covered Sherlock up.
John snapped out of it, tamped down his lust, and hurried to the edge of the pile. Extricating Sherlock was going to be problematic; the only point of non-manure covered contact was the back of his trousers, and though John’s lust was temporarily subdued, he did not see how grabbing Sherlock by that particular portion of his anatomy was going to keep it that way.
“Our assailant wants us to know they’re watching.”
“No man sews like that.”
“Attraction, consideration, emotions. Consequences,” he added, thinking of Mycroft.
This chapter’s rejected title is “Cockblocked by a Bear.” It was very nearly the actual title too but I couldn’t quite let myself do it.
The account-book had caught fire and dissolved, curling up. John straightened his back and watched it with a pain in his belly; it was as if part of him were burning. He felt, rather than saw, Uncle Gregory leave the room, and only then did he slump to his knees. It was terrible to think that all those stories and sketches were gone.   He could never write them again--not just the same, and anyway, if Uncle Gregory were to insist on seeing them, he would not be able to write a thing. Father had never insisted; Father had trusted him.  Uncle Gregory, it seemed, would not.
"Well, you'll have to stay here until it stops blowing, anyhow. Get that tea inside you while I read it, and then we'll have a game of checkers."
"I'm perfectly sane—more so than you, I suspect. I observe, that is all. I see your past in your bearing and movement, and your present in your gestures."
“Then perhaps we should wager? I am certain that a whipping would put you in a significantly more tractable frame of mind, even now.”
“It seems to me that some token is customary at the conclusion of a successful courtship,” Sherlock ventured.
"Pardon?"
“And you’ll fuck me?”
A crack of branches somewhere behind him told him that he perhaps should draw his examinations to a speedy conclusion. Damnation! He stood, reluctantly, prepared to abandon his excursion—for his ankle ached and he was sick to the teeth of being damp already. He had no sooner turned towards the farm clearing, though, when he heard another, closer crash, and a snorting sound. Bears! He thought, and began to walk faster, but then the crash was louder than a bear might be. He snuck a look back and was horrified at what he saw: a moose, a female moose, quite clearly the mother of the twins, bearing down upon him.
John filled the last of the buckets. It was good to be able to see everywhere, although he still felt as though he was fighting against nothing at all. It was endlessly frustrating to be confronted with this nameless threat, this fear that permeated their lives. Their life.
Well.
Suddenly, a brilliant idea seized him, and, though he felt a little foolish; it bordered on the romantic, and he was old enough to be well past it. Still, he thought. He squared his shoulders and walked over to the goats, who ignored him. Sherlock looked up and smiled.
“That seems terrifying.” Truth be told, John was curious as to how Mycroft had directed a school, but he let it lie.
"You're worried about taking a day away from the farm, though," Sherlock said. John raised his eyebrows.
The fictional town of Bonne Chère, Ontario, is situated about where Bancroft, Ontario is today. It was, in 1866, a farming community along the Bonne Chère River, and it still is today.  There is not, to my knowledge, a Scotch Bush farm, but come on, that's pretty funny.
“Everything’s a trade-off,” Lyons laughed. “Is he here? I haven’t seen anyone from the city in years.”
“And the dead dog?” John persisted.
John stared.
"Yes, you can and will.  You will live because there is something for you to do, I think.  You have my gift--along with something I never had.  You will succeed where I failed, John.” Douglas took his son’s hand. The pride in his eyes steeled John, and he squeezed the frail hand gently.
“Your brother has been misinformed.” John said coldly, and turned to leave.
“No!” John shouted, but his effort was quite lost. As soon as Harry perceived that someone was after her, she would run, dodging and leaping like one possessed. Clara was fast as well, though not so tricky.
“I am your
“At a very loud volume, yes.  And they are still on your bed, where they will remain for the next…thirty minutes.”
“You may not like me, you bloody animal, but you can’t get rid of me,” he hissed. Arthur pranced again.
, Sherlock had said,
“Gone,” he said.
“Eva. My cat.”
John watched him nervously as he got closer to the pile of books by the bed.
"I do, yeah. Not that I wanted one."
Which, he thought, it was high time he started. He unbuttoned his trousers and drawers, shifting them down on his hips. The cool evening air was nice on his clean skin, he thought, as he scooped out a dollop of grease. Arranging himself comfortably, he shook out his hands and took a deep breath, willing himself into doctor mode. As was customary, he first examined the area with his non-greasy right hand, palpating first his thigh muscles, then his bollocks, then the shaft of his cock. All seemed to be in order.
“On foot?” Sherlock confirmed.
The first two coffees were both losers--and cold, as they’d got into a good-natured wrangle about the hockey game.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t know where?”“It doesn’t matter where. I had all I could do to keep people from bothering me.”
“When was the last time you had sexual congress?" John interrupted. Let Sherlock have a turn being the target of an embarrassing discussion.
“Maybe I should see if I can catch some. They can’t be worse than salt pork again.” John had been mostly joking, but the horror on Sherlock’s face was enough to make him want to try.
“No.” Sherlock said. “Let’s dance.” His face shone with sweat and his curls were disheveled.
“John,” Sherlock said more loudly, almost too loudly in the quiet cabin, “It is not painful. Quite,” he panted, “the opposite.”
"He didn't mention
“Will you come back to bed?” Sherlock asked, a whining hitch in his voice, “It’s still cold. I’m cold.”
“Anything unusual? Like, er, human footsteps?”
“I’m well sure, yeah.”
"I've got to get up... the animals are probably starving, nature calls, and honestly I'd like a dip too."
“Proper
“There,” Sherlock pointed.. He sat, and beckoned to John, who lunged at him. Straddling Sherlock’s lap and bracing his hands just below Sherlock’s elbows, John pinned him down on the bench. He kissed his mouth, once, almost perfunctorily before kissing his way along the delicate skin of Sherlock’s biceps to the light, sparse hair in Sherlock’s armpits. He buried his nose there, inhaling the scent of sharp sweat; sensation throbbed in his cock. He bit, and Sherlock cried out, softly.
“Are you ready to give up?” Sherlock asked, trailing his hand across John’s balls. John arched up.
"Just a moment," came the voice again.
He stroked himself, taking the feeling in. How had he managed to miss this all his life, to see it as disease? It was a crime, that's what it was. So many wasted opportunities. Surely there was nothing more harmless than the pleasure of the body? Like running…or swimming. He let himself go and dove again.
"Modesty is such a strange construct," Sherlock said, but he turned away to fetch the towel.
He did not, however, let go of John, and it was thus that John found himself colliding with Sherlock’s body, nude and cool and alive. That impact was sufficient, it seemed, to make Sherlock let him go as well, but they were still entangled.
"I expected you to rise earlier, Dr. Watson. Is there tea? Also, there's something making an unholy noise in the barn. Geese, I presume?"
John could not draw away. Sherlock’s warm hand over his own felt right, though it was not. He wanted so desperately to curl his fingers around Sherlock’s and hold on to him, just for a moment, but he knew he should not.
Sherlock sighed.
John took his time before coming up. He opened his eyes under water to determine Sherlock’s location. Knowing his bubbles would betray him, John held his breath until his lungs burned to maneuver himself into a position on Sherlock’s right that he knew would surprise him.
While he was using all his energy avoiding the moose until he could get to the barn, or the shanty, or the house, he was distantly aware of a cacophonous sound, presumably the livestock reacting to this unlikely spectacle. Where were the geese and their powerful wings now, he asked himself, and was briefly distracted by the question whether or not the force of their wings would be enough to stop a moose. Unlikely.
John snorted.
“It’s perfect, Sherlock,” he said. Sherlock’s cheeks, already pink from the heat of the bake kettle, flushed deeper.  His little half-smile was unreasonably beautiful; John had a sudden urge to run his thumb over that plump lower lip.
“There?”
"I'm still going to wash, for me if not for you," he said. "But I... I like that you like that."
It genuinely hurt John to see Sherlock suffer, and while laying his own hands on the man was out of the question, surely there was some other solution.
Dimmock’s arrival was nothing short of a relief for Sherlock. Though he had succeeded in igniting John’s rage, his own desire was also white-hot: if he was not imagining what John might do to him when his control snapped, he was replaying every moment of the prostate massage in his head. His notebook was filled with diagrams that were decidedly not botanical, and his one need was for John to touch him again.
hay—and if I can spare it. The blankets are good wool."
"What's this, then?" John asked awkwardly at the door, but she did not answer. Instead, she opened the door without knocking and led John in.
"I know."
“I love you,” Sherlock said, and John knew it was true.
“Bring your old button fly jeans.”
“This worries you.” It wasn’t a question. John frowned.
“Powerful parents, mainly. Also, I run fast.”
“You haven’t eaten anything,” he said instead.
As it was, Sherlock felt quite shy as dribs and drabs of the last evening came back to him. He had been weak enough that John had undressed him and put him to bed—that was bad enough—but he remembered now, in a hot flush of shame, that he had asked John to come back to bed with him.
“I feed you. And we can’t go to town in this weather, so I really will be doing the work.”
“How shall I carry Eva?” asked John. He wanted her to be comfortable, after all.
“Oh.” Sherlock did not quite know how to respond. He was sure there were scientific questions to ask regarding goat pair-bonds, but he could not formulate one.
“Cooking is a science.” Sherlock’s mouth was very prim, and John laughed out loud.
“Nothing?”
“Sherlock, tell me the truth.”
“I would never leave you behind, Sherlock,” John said softly. His face was a dark blur in the fading light of the bonfire but the sound of his voice enveloped Sherlock like the warmest of blankets. How foolish he had been to doubt.
“I will do what I can.”
Oh, and extricate himself. He reached up with both hands in order to pry John’s fingers from his shirtfront, but the strength of that hand, small in his, was nearly alarming in its intensity.
"Yes," he gasped, and Sherlock continued his leisurely exploration of John's chest, moving slowly over his ribs, his nipples, and his neck before kissing his way into John's other armpit.
"Oh. No, no I don't. I…Dogs are…er, dogs are surprisingly hard to get here, and they must be trained."
“Never stop,” Sherlock breathed, and John didn’t. Sherlock opened for him like a dream, slick and tight, pushing back against him like he couldn’t get enough. John felt him begin to shake much too soon, but it didn’t matter, because he too was at the start of a ferocious pleasure, tearing through him as Sherlock cried out and tightened around him.
"John!" Sherlock moved to run towards him, but then he noticed the look on John's face. "J-John . . ."
John knew Sherlock had a past. He didn’t know much about it, but he knew that he had one. He never thought much about Sherlock’s personal life before they met, but recently he noticed that Sherlock had started going out every night. He was told by Mycroft that Sherlock had been meeting with someone named Victor, who was an old friend of Sherlock’s, but the way that he had said
"Sherlock, what would you like on your plate? Point to it and I'll get it."
"You wanted to know more about my . . . thing?"
He ignored them both.
What if people think he's weird?
Three Americans stormed into the room, pointing guns at all three of us, wanting access to the safe that she was so protecting. Miss Adler informed me that she had already given me the code, but I did not understand until one of the Americans told another to shoot John. That's when I panicked and realized: the code was her measurements.
“Supper’s waiting,” John said, so heartily he startled even himself. Gratefully, young Joe made a beeline for the tables. The rest of them followed more slowly, setting the tools away and washing their hands at the pump.
Thus it was that John left alone in the wagon early the next morning with Isadora tied to the back and the calves trotting at her flanks. He turned towards the farm to see Sherlock standing by the barn, and smiled. Sherlock was waving with an enthusiasm all out of scale with his usual scientific detachment. Not for the first time, John felt a warm flush of pleasure. He thought of coming home to a fire and supper, almost like the days when he lived at home, or even with the army.
"Quite so," Sherlock said again, though John did not feel as though he had been heard, if the quite complex notation on one of the sheaves Sherlock had been making as he replied was anything to go by.
“Why?”
“I don’t care, Father. I will stay with them until I can earn my living and then I will leave. I want to see the world.”
“Haven’t seen you for a while, Watson,” the Major said. “How’re you keeping?”
“It’s here somewhere,” Sherlock said, and dropped to his knees. He scrabbled around in the grass, examining the base of each young tree.
“We can do, yeah, although we’d best go through on the way back. She’ll keep us for ages otherwise.”
“Fairies!” John exclaimed, then caught himself. Could Cousin Mike be teasing him? He looked searchingly into those brown eyes and saw only delight, not malice. He sighed. He knew, really knew, that there was no such thing, but how delightful if there were. “Really, Cousin Mike?” At least he knew he wouldn’t be laughed at if he showed credulity.
Dropping his scalpel, he began to pace. Was it just coincidence? Hard to believe. There was some malicious force at work here, and yet its influence was so shadowy Sherlock could not grasp it. The only thing he could take hold of was bears, squirrels, trees, footprints…and shit. Why hadn’t he taken a sample? He cursed himself.
He wriggled into his trousers, conscious of Sherlock's thoughtful eyes on him.
Sherlock licked his lips.
"More than a bearskin rug and some excellent meat?" John joked into his neck.
“Could something have dug up a dead dog? Could it be squirrel fur?”
It was some time before they moved, but soon Sherlock’s desire to kiss John again won out over inertia. He arranged himself against John’s warm, sticky body and kissed his way up John’s neck, ending with his lips.
“It’s young to be out on its own, and we didn’t see any others. Probably its nest was disturbed.”
Mounting the horses proved rather difficult. Sherlock tried to hold Arthur but Arthur pranced away, then crowded close to John and the squirrel whilst trampling Sherlock’s feet. Sherlock, meanwhile, tried to stay as far as possible from Arthur, muttering imprecations all the while.
“I’d like to see you try.” Sherlock drew himself up to his full height and looked down his long nose at John.
Maybe not just the wind, then. He clucked at Arthur to speed up; Arthur did so, obviously looking forward to home.
“You don’t look fine. Care to tell me what the problem is?”
"Do you have any questions about my brother?"
"Fresh, then," John said, grateful for the information.
“Now,” Sherlock said uneasily (being unsure of the intellect of
John’s cock was straining before Sherlock encompassed it with his mouth. It tasted of the previous night’s spend, and he took it in eagerly.
“Sherlock, what you saw… that’s normal. Normal male physiology, a morning erection. I’m sure,” he coughed, “You have them too.”
“Oh, there you are, Sherlock dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, “Do tell Sarah to stop wasting time.”
“They do. Saves food and keeps them from being bored.”
John shook his head and went to the barn. When he came in again, the cabin was filled with a savoury fragrance that made his mouth water. The little table, so seldom used, was set, and Sherlock was at the fire.
Once in the barn, John blocked the door and leaned onto the goat enclosure. He opened the pot of beaver grease and sniffed-- nothing unpleasant. In fact, it smelt slightly of raspberries. He dipped his finger in, and rubbed a tiny amount between finger and thumb.
Sherlock remembered what it had been like waking from an illness during which he had been dosed with laudanum: trembling and soaked to the skin with the effects of the medicine. John seemed much the same.
Not that Sherlock would be here in the fall. Which was fine.
“Balance of probability, little brother,” he heard in his head, and he shooed the voice away, blocking the “Shut up, Mycroft” that rose in his throat. He watched, trying to focus on some concrete detail. The figure seemed impossibly slender. It swayed slightly.
“Then she was happy about it, John.” Sherlock could see it, though he didn’t understand it—he wanted John to himself—but that Mary had wanted to share John was certain.
"Whoa, boy." John tried to settle Arthur, but he would not take his eyes off Sherlock. Was it the coat, John wondered?
“Stop her!” He reached out and grabbed Sherlock by the shirt front. His eyes were wide; his pupils dilated. “Stop her, Sholto!”
“He’s brought salt-rising bread, Soo. Can you imagine fussing with that?”
The snow melted quickly in the two weeks that followed, and, outside a brief visit from his Ojibwa friend Mezenee, who brought him a pot of beaver grease. John was too busy to look out for anything but his land and his stock.
“It does.”
A guesthouse, perhaps? He had just begun to look about when he was confronted by a face he had never thought to see again.
They both laughed at that, and John left Lestrade's clearing feeling a little lighter.
Sherlock drew a shuddery breath himself. He added logs to the fire, for it was as chilly as John had said: 60 degrees Fahrenheit, 16 degrees Centigrade, too cold to sit comfortably.
The rain began as they entered the caravan park; the breeze picked up for a moment and then huge, fat drops began to fall. John sighed in relief at the water soaking through his t-shirt. Sherlock turned his face upward and let the water hit him, then dropped John’s hand and began to spin. John let him for a moment, and then, unable to stay away, stepped into his space and stopped him. They were nose to nose, and the rain was pouring down.
“Kiss me,” Sherlock whispered, and John did, pulling Sherlock’s face down to his and claiming his salty, cool lips with an unslakable thirst. Sherlock’s hands gripped his back, and their bodies pressed together so closely no rain could come between them.
The tags are current to the end of this chapter, which has really, really earned its E rating. If you don’t wanna read sexy banter about people washing their bits with linen towels, this is not your chapter.
“Like yours?”
John and Sherlock never go back to Italy. Somehow they don’t need to.
“She’s worse right now. Probably about ready to be bred—Mrs. Hudson should be around soon with Frank.”
Sherlock frowned.
“Chilly night,” he said, before he got into bed. “Keep the fire up, please.”
"John," said Uncle Gregory sternly, "shut that door. You may look at the books with permission, when it’s not so late and when you have no work to do."
“The lighter-coloured eggs have a slightly reduced strength,” Sherlock said, but did not elaborate. Instead, he put a forkful of broken omelet to his lips, first smelling, then tasting. He set down his plate and went to his pile of notebooks, and did not return. John, grateful today for the silence, finished his omelet and watched Sherlock’s rather frantic scribbling.
Yet…tormenting his brother was familiar territory, without the zest it once had. These woods were much more interesting, if slightly more dangerous, and there was much greater scope for science. And, of course, there was John. The pleasure of their interaction was not lost on Sherlock; it was as novel as it was unexpected, and it must be preserved.
Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his gleaming, sparsely haired chest. He seemed impossibly long everywhere, and his hands were enormous. John wanted to stay in the moment, to enjoy every second of Sherlock disrobing, and yet he could not help but imagine how those hands would feel on his body. He shivered.
His wife. And yet Sherlock heard a note of anger—he was familiar enough with it. Intriguing.
“Mental breakdown under stress. Common in traumatic events.” He knew it was the wrong thing to say.
Duty discharged, Sherlock set off for the southeast corner of the property. John was quite consciously ignoring him, so he did not salute; instead, though he limped, he quickened his pace as best he could, compass in hand. There were some excellent examples of
“Come up, you fool,” he muttered to himself, and just as he said that, Sherlock did, breaking the surface several feet away.
“I don’t know why you bloody have to smoke it in here?” John exclaimed one rainy afternoon. He had been mending harness when Sherlock had flung the vial of hair into the corner once again and lit up a roll of brown leaves that looked like a particularly repugnant mink dropping.
"Sherlock... I'm..." There was no time to warn him, not really, before John was lost, his pleasure running through him like swift water. Sherlock did not leave off, not until the final spasms had left John’s body boneless and damp with sweat. Then, he raised his head and their eyes met.
"No dog," Sherlock exclaimed.
“Then proceed.” Sherlock said, and John thought he might have to slap himself anyway. The sound of Sherlock’s voice rumbled through him like dynamite.
There was nobody, though, to enact such punishment here.  Could he engage in such activity? He pondered. He had always eschewed anything regarding romance or physical proximity, believing it to be an unnecessary frill. Science was the key to life, and it was science that his brain, and, perforce, his body yearned. He had not felt any great desire for any person, and so he had been able to devote himself to the work.
“Do you think I could measure your bicep?”
“And if it’s the Barrymores?” John could only imagine what they would think.
“I beg to differ.”
"Mike," he shouted, when Stamford had tied his horse at the barn and greeted the goats. "Come and help!"
“You’re the man for the job, Cyrus. I insist.”
Not that it would matter, but he pushed that thought away. Sherlock came over and knelt beside him to examine the squirrel once more. His face was so close John could smell his hair.
John restrained the urge to grab a handful of dark curls. He knew, just as certainly as he knew Sherlock was driven by bravado, that Sherlock would obey him instantly if he pulled his hair. His hand flexed.
“I see.” John could not help but smile. The workings of Sherlock’s mind, his intense devotion to science, held enough charm that he, John Watson, was allowing all sorts of horrible things in his kitchen.
They trudged on in the gathering dark. Though they spoke the odd word here or there, soon John’s entire attention was focused on finding the path. Sherlock watched each step and copied it, not wanting to take the slightest risk of straining his ankle again. John could not carry him; if he fell, he must drag himself home or wait here in the increasingly heavy rain—unthinkable—to be rescued. He was already cold, even with the walking; to stop would mean his muscles would cool, his joints would stiffen, and he would be at an even greater risk of exposure. He must not stop.
“Sherlock!” he shouted. He turned around and raced back towards the fire. What if the shout had been a ruse to remove Sherlock from him? He ran faster.
“I’m just going to Lestrade’s,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Frank can take his time.”
. John pushed those thoughts aside too.
“Next time you feel yourself getting chilled, tell me.”
“Stunning deduction.”
"Much obliged," Sherlock muttered, and turned back to his notebook. Another clue, he thought, to the emotional trauma that made John cry out in the night, and wake up bathed in sweat—he thought Sherlock didn’t see, but the cracks in the loft floor went both ways, and while people were not his usual study, he was even more intrigued now. He would sit up, he decided, and observe. John had eaten heavily, and even taken a cup of whiskey, which he rarely did. He would go to bed early, and sleep soundly for the first part of the night; when the effects of the whiskey wore off, the dreams would start. Sherlock opened notebook 29J and added the date, the quantity John had eaten and drunk, and the number of miles they had walked to the table therein.
That was all there was, but there had been much less when he had arrived. He shuddered as he remembered his first winter in the shanty—eight feet square, no windows, and a decomposing roof. He’d been cold for nine months, and he’d stepped on goat turds every day of it, as he’d had no barn.
"And that's where I sleep?" Sherlock asked.
John stared at him as if disbelieving.
Washing the dishes not thirty minutes later, he was surprised to hear a knock at the door. He swung it open to reveal Lestrade's boy, Dimmock, shivering in the wind and cold.
That night, they slept in a tiny motel in Blind River, where there was no Tim Horton’s. John sank gratefully onto the bowed mattress and pulled the cheap sheets over his head.
“Does she have a name?”
Spruce grouse are very very good at camouflage. The hens especially: they hide in the dead leaves on the forest floor and they don’t move until you’re super close. Then, of course, they burst up in a huge flapping of wings and scare the crap right out of people (and horses, which, as one lovely tumblr post pointed out, are basically couches with anxiety).
“And what do we do in the meantime? Wear earplugs?”
It was sunset when they came to Blair Water--a rosy sunset that flooded the long, sandy sea-coast with colour. John saw New Moon before he was told where it was:  a big house peering whitely through a veil of tall old trees--no mushroom growth of yesterday's birches but trees that had loved and been loved by three generations--a glimpse of silver water glistening through the dark spruces--the Blair Water itself. A real new moon, golden and slender rose above it, and as it did, John felt the flash come, and sat mesmerized with the thrill of it until Uncle Gregory pulled up in front of the house.
Sherlock thought in alarm.
Sherlock felt John tremble beside him, but he also felt the absolute iron discipline that kept him at Sherlock’s side. Left to himself, Sherlock knew that John would have called out, and even confronted the figure—useless, ultimately. This person clearly did not mean to harm them outright, but nor did they—she?—mean to be caught. Their stealth meant they would be difficult to catch if it came to a footrace.
“It couldn’t have been.” Sherlock was sure of that at least.
“No,” he said quickly, “No, I’m nearly finished. You stay there.”
“You don’t really want to hear about my disastrous schooling,” he pronounced.
“There’s no need for him to wear black, really, except for his Sunday suit.’ Great-Aunt Martha said, and, at Uncle Gregory’s nod, they set off, after a curt injunction to Cousin Mike to ‘look after’ John. Since Cousin Mike’s idea of looking after involved a very large ice-cream sundae (something heretofore unknown to John) this was no great trial, and John took advantage of this freedom to speak freely
"Furthermore," Holmes added, "His excess of humours may be hysteria, though it will be up to you to diagnose it. If you treat him for hysteria--I believe the accepted method is manual stimulation to paroxysm, but of course you are the expert--and it is effective, I will pay off your land."
“My brother,” he said, “is an interfering, imbecilic…” He was halted in his flood by John’s expression: open, attentive, but with his head tilted towards Dimmock, whose eyes were already as wide as saucers and getting wider.
“I’m glad she’s of no interest to you.” John laughed. Sherlock perked up, just slightly.
“Don’t think I don’t realize where the crusts go.”
He opened the letter. Why was Mycroft’s penmanship so perfect, even when he was writing under great pressure? At least there was what looked like a spot of jam on one corner.
“I don’t look like a
There are a couple of species of carnivorous plants native to the Canadian boreal forest: the pitcher plant, which is quite a large plant, and sundews, which are tiny, Venus-flytrap like plants. They are SUPER COOL.
He had told John he felt better. In fact, “better” didn’t cover it; his whole body felt marvelous, as though he had run far and fast. He stretched into the feeling, letting any residual shame wash away. Was this what sexual congress was like? His relief after having woken up with sticky sheets was a pale shadow compared to this.
Well, he supposed, at least Sherlock could be silent, which gave him one up on Harry. And, he thought, laughing to himself, he'd shown no sign of wanting to chew his clothing. So that was two ahead of Harry. He imagined Harry watching their human interaction enviously.
That is, except his face. It collided with Sherlock’s arse.
“Quite.”
“Yes, Frank for her husband. She’d have named Byron Frank too if she’d not been worried about confusion.”
The river was frozen solid, and so he was able to cut five miles from his journey. He was still glad to see Bonne Chere appear on the horizon, and Arthur trotted into the livery stable gladly. John left him there, happily eating a warm mash, and walked down to Angelo's grocery, in good humour and hungry himself.
The song for this chapter is the Barenaked Ladies’ cover of “Lovers in a Dangerous Time” and I have been listening to it on loop for about a year. I mean, I knew it before that because I am Canadian and they were big when I was in undergrad, but something about the arrangement struck me as perfect for this chapter.
A frantic bellowing assailed his ears. Damn everything! Harry was in heat, and she didn’t care who knew it. Clara, in sympathy, was bellowing much more loudly than she usually did, and the other animals were making more noise as well. Probably desperate to get out of the loud barn, he thought, and pulled his own, very dirty boots on.
John stroked the little thing’s cheek, and looked up at Sherlock, whose face was frozen.
“I’m not surprised. You know, once I found out that Anderson—you know, Mrs. Hudson’s--”
"That won't be necessary." John said shortly. "I am accepting money for his board because I must, but no more. I will neither treat him against his will, nor will I require him to remain. He may come and go as he pleases, for medical reasons as well as moral ones. You can stuff your other offer up your arse."
“I do.”
“You’ve seen it, then?”
The meal ended with pie upon pie. John went back to his dwindling pile of logs with a full stomach and renewed strength. The boy (Friedrich? Floki? Philemon?) was faithful to his post, and before the sun began to set they were able to move over to helping Greg and Joe lift the last of the logs up to the roof.
The broken branches proved the truth of this assumption, and John followed them gratefully. He did not, however, call Sherlock’s name, reticent to have it in his mouth; instead, he proceeded rather stealthily than otherwise, so that when he—thankfully--came upon the figure of Sherlock standing immobile in a group of spruce trees by a ravine, he took him by surprise.
The goats would, John knew, eventually wander back, but with the threat of bear nearby, he didn’t quite dare risk letting them loose in the woods. He took to his heels, reflecting that getting Sherlock under control was almost as difficult as catching Harry.
“Well, it seems to me that faith hurts a lot less than science. Look at your ankle; it’s swollen to twice the normal size. And,” John glared at Sherlock, as he appeared to wave away the injury as a small price to pay, “I won’t mention that enormous scrape on your neck, but I will say that I am not ploughing right now and it’s your fault.”
“Did you just make…excuse me,
Sherlock nodded.
“Now. The referee is on the move.”
“Do you mean that?” he asked.
“You know, Father, I think I remember mother’s funeral, Father--I remember it distinctly.  You
“Leave the geese alone and you can cook. I am nearly finished with the home field; I’ll just take out bread and cheese and then I can stay out until suppertime.”
“She might do. Usually not. There!” Harry had emerged from behind the shanty, Clara at her side, and, with a small, smug bleat took off down the carefully hoed potato field.
John’s kiss was more insistent now, his tongue sliding along Sherlock’s. Sherlock could scarcely tell where he ended and John began, and it was overwhelming in the most delicious way. Sherlock’s hands tightened low on John’s waist; the curve of his hip flexors was evident even under the bunched cotton of his work shirt. And oh, delight! John’s hands had settled at Sherlock’s waist, the tips of his fingers brushing the top of Sherlock’s arse, the palms pressing and steadying him.
Since their reckoning in late June, Sherlock had noticed, twice, John returning from the fields with a slightly decreased tension in his shoulders. Sherlock knew what had been done, however fleeting, and the image, disquietingly, did not leave him. That, combined with the groans and cries John emitted in his dreams, was gradually making Sherlock aware that he would no longer be immune to the rising tide of physical discomfort and mental disquiet.
“I couldn’t say.”
“As if I spoil them.”
“And it is entirely medical. It means no… sexual liaison between us?”
The horses didn’t shy at the noise, but Arthur danced back. Sherlock did not miss John looking at the horse sharply.
A flicker of movement caught John’s attention—an ear, to one side of the barn.
His mind filled with questions about the relative cold protection of skin and feathers, he dressed and tiptoed down the stairs. John was still asleep, his face slack and the front part of his hair sticking straight up. Sherlock was grateful for his sake, too. He, Sherlock, would turn a blind eye to John’s self-pleasure, and John would be relieved that Sherlock’s body was operating as it should. Pelvic massage and emotion would no longer be their preoccupations; they could devote themselves to agriculture and science, as it should be.
Relieved that he wouldn't have to make small talk with Anderson, John untied Isadora and led her to the pen where Mrs. Hudson kept Byron. The latter came over to the bars as soon as he scented Isadora; a fine, mostly roan animal, he stood by the fence, making it difficult to bring Isa in.
“I’m a
Sherlock knew, with a horrible clarity, that he was flushing.
“And who’s he?”
“I know,” Sherlock said. John gaped. “And I care for you. Yet it appears our desires are incompatible—I wish to care for you by becoming lovers; you wish to care for me by protecting me from yourself. Which is rather a cowardly way of doing things, not to mention rather unflattering to me.”
“What’s up?”
“Pie is fine,” Sherlock said, not looking at John.
John dropped to one knee and shouldered his gun. He would have to shoot, if he could, and he could not miss. Even the door of the cabin would not protect Sherlock from an enormous bear. Especially an enormous, angry bear.
“Don’t be.” John took his hand. “I…I think I’ve been wrong. Pushing you away.” He cleared his throat.
“Too much Sherlock Holmes,” he muttered to himself. His voice sounded odd in the woods. Also, he was not entirely sure there was such a thing as too much Sherlock Holmes.
“Lovely,” John replied. He turned away to allow Sherlock the privilege of undressing unobserved, and began to scrub his arms and torso with the sand. White skin began once again to emerge.
“And you’re not afraid of them being eaten?”
The thing about a manure pile made up of manure from multiple animals, is that there is nothing certain about falling in to one. There are hard bits and soft bits, squashy bits and putrid bits.
“I didn’t.” Sherlock said, but he held still while John reached up and palpated his temples, then the sides of his head, then the back. Sherlock’s hair was soft and his skin warm—a good sign—and each inch of skin that was intact was a relief.
He reached for his flies, shaking as though he had to piss uncontrollably. When his trousers were finally open and the night air cooling the heated skin of his belly, he reached for his cock. The friction as he pulled it out of his drawers was both exquisite and torturous, and he sighed softly. Remembering the friction of the wool blankets against his cock that morning, he gripped himself more tightly. He recalled John’s rhythm, one stroke up, one stroke down, and replicated it. The bolt of sensation shot through him again, making his knees tremble. Redoubling his stroke, he arched his hips up and gasped, suddenly frantic to reach the point towards which his body yearned.
At last they turned the corner leading towards Lestrade’s, and the fallen tree came in to view.
"I like that." Sherlock hummed the words against his now-damp skin and began to kiss his way down to John's cock.
He didn’t look at Greg, but when he looked at Sherlock, the glint in his eyes was somewhat alarming. He dropped Lyons’ arm as soon as he decently could and went back to his place. He nodded at Soo Lin—he had learned to let her come to him. She did, sometimes; other times she would only dance with the women.
Dinner was a rather hilarious event. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson were droll, scientific, gossipy, and sarcastic in turns. John mainly observed, particularly enjoying Mrs. Hudson’s caustic comments if Sherlock pontificated or bragged. Sherlock, in his turn, accused Mrs. Hudson of being an imbecile at least three times.
“It’s random, Sherlock.”
Cyrus preened. John glanced at Sherlock, who had just come in to remove the bowls of preserves. Sherlock caught his glance, but cut his eyes away so quickly that John knew he saw and disapproved. Dimmock senior was a bloody hypocrite, that was certain.
“I don’t think you do. Your accent is terrible anyway.”
Sherlock, though he had slept only an hour or two, and that sprawled uncomfortably in John’s chair, woke the next morning at first light—a dim grayness that promised an overcast day. He sprang to his feet nonetheless, ignoring the heaviness in his drawers. He could, today; his mind was ticking over briskly, parsing out the possibilities of the silent fallen tree. It was not ordinary in the least, and the potential of the situation sparked along his neurons. He strode out to fill the water bucket, then back into the cabin.
he let go of Sherlock when the fall came? He had to, he knew, but
He yanked it from the bench, and as he did, the melted tallow slopped onto the wick and extinguished the flame. Sherlock watched it happen as though it were a million miles away, but when the light went out and he realized that he would have to go through the whole process of picking up and striking a match again, he sat down hard on the floor, defeated, and let the tears roll down his cheeks.
“Thank you for dinner,” he said, rather self-consciously. Sherlock nodded, as if it were his due. John opened his mouth to say something further, but caught Sherlock’s eye and closed it again. Sherlock hunched forward, wrapping his long arms around his knees.
"I want to kiss you again. To put your hands on me and make me spend. I want to see you spend."
Or, John realized, admitting that his brother was right. Damn Mycroft Holmes again! He’d set Sherlock against treatment just by advocating it, and now John had to dismantle that wall of contrariness as well as fight his own urges. Well, data was the way to do it.
Sherlock clearly had found nothing, as his empty collection box and mad hair indicated. He was carrying a handful of birchbark but nothing else, and he looked cross. Holding up a tiny strip of birchbark, he let it float with the wind. He followed it, examining where it lay, then took tweezers from his pocket and pulled out a series of plants. He stowed these in a collection jar, then sat down, rather heavily, and stared at what he had gathered.
Sherlock laughed, because he could, today. His mind was clear and sharp.
“Oh.” John stroked her nose again. She didn’t look that idiotic. “Good girl.”
“Do you believe in windigos?” Sherlock asked, encouraged by the response. John rolled his eyes.
The rejected title of this chapter is “OF COURSE WE’RE JUST FRIENDS.”
“So this is the famous breadmaking city boy,” Sarah said, entirely unperturbed by Mrs. Hudson’s disapprobation. She held out her free hand. “I’m Sarah Sawyer. I farm over by Willows with my partner, Soo-lin.”
“I can and will, John. There are no cats inside at New Moon. And cats don’t get lonely.”
No response. John set the tea to steep and, since he’d only found two eggs, fished around in the barrel for salt pork. Even he, who didn’t care what he ate, was tired of it. Maybe he’d have to break down and butcher a chicken—the brown hen hadn’t been laying much, and though she might start, it might do them both good to eat something that hadn’t been brined to within an inch of its life.
Perhaps he had gone to look more closely at the squirrel nest in the large cedar tree in the swamp. John shoved his boots back on and tramped down behind the garden. The cedar tree was immediately apparent, growing up tall and straight—but there was no Sherlock in it, even after John paused to see if the branches moved.
If he were doing the ambushing, he would wait in the loft, ready to jump down on his prey. He made his way quickly up, patting through the dark corners by Sherlock's bed—former bed, he thought in passing. Nothing.
John shook his head, but a warm glow spread through him. Sherlock was well enough, if he could be caustic. And, if he were caustic towards John, well, he was not angry, odd as that might sound. That, given the events of the past week, was a significant relief.
“I thought you didn’t practice.”
“Oh, leave him. He found my lost key, you know, he helped me.”
Really, the line between science and human relations was thinner than it should be, he thought, irritably, and went to get the tincture. Philemon had been honking rudely at him for days, and an eyedropper down his throat would be just the right revenge.
John stiffened and pulled away from him at the sound. His hair was mussed and his lips red, and Sherlock knew that he was as hard as Sherlock himself.
“The Widow Turner said I wasn’t right in the head when I told her about the flash, Father. Won’t this be worse?”
“It is,” she grinned. “Need a good team of oxen and a strong back.”
A branch cracked.  He straightened his spine and looked about; he wished he had brought his rifle. Was that movement or wind? Probably nothing.
“I’m up,” he said. Sherlock stood over him—and if he glanced at the state of John’s midsection through the blankets, it was only for informational purposes—and waited until his eyes were satisfactorily open, then moved on to start tea and breakfast. It was dreadfully boring, but John needed calories, and he himself could use the slight tonic that tea would provide.
“It is,” John agreed, setting his full basket on the grass and stretching as well. He glanced over at Sherlock, so close to him… then settled his hands behind his head. He still, despite his resolve, could not bear to lay his hands on the grass beside Sherlock’s. The pamphlet Mycroft had sent him was burned into his mind. It was a constant presence in his clothes, as he had not dared burn it, in case Mycroft should choose to test him, but neither did he dare leave it in the cabin. Sherlock rummaged through his things with no care for confidentiality.
“Take my hand. You should be able to step out then.” Their hands clasped, and John exerted more force. Sherlock was nearly out, almost, and hell if his face wasn’t the funniest thing John had seen in a while, skin and hair plastered with chicken shit. John bit his lip and pulled one last time. Sherlock, free now but unstable, staggered towards him.
“What proof do you have?”
The ankle wasn’t so bad but it would require binding and significant rest. John shook his head, and fetched his meager store of medical supplies.
“And does your diet consist mostly of bread, potatoes, and bacon?” A fresh sheet, now.
“Very well, then,” John said, and reached out. “Give the hanky to me, I’ll make a carrying pouch of sorts. Hold Arthur.” He shoved the reins into Sherlock’s hands and did not wait for his hands to close.
John’s cheeks flamed. He wished, for a moment, that he could sink into the earth and never return. Had Sherlock seen his crisis? If he had… and John thought of the images that had provoked it. Awful—and he had to live with the man.
Sherlock guided Idiot Horse closer to Arthur so he could  reach out and grip John’s shoulder. Arthur made as though to dance away, but Sherlock reached over and grabbed the near rein.
John spent the day treating various winter ailments, with no sign that Sherlock was doing anything other than spreadsheets.  At 4, thanks to a cancelled appointment, John finished his paperwork, closed up the office, and put on his coat for a run to Canadian Tire. They needed a new ergonomic shovel, bird food, and wiper fluid. He’d get coffee on the way home, he decided, and a shiver shot down his spine. Maybe today he’d get his mouth on Sherlock’s cock, just for a moment or two. Serve him right for thinking too much.
When I say “pharmacopeia” it means “medicine-making.” Sherlock’s accusing Mike of being a lousy medical chemist, basically. Mike honestly doesn’t mind. He’s able to admit his faults.
“That you’d make it up to me?”
"It was just a sponge bath," John gasped out.
"Fine, fine. Only fresh food," he said, and swung up onto his horse.
“You have no idea what happened.”
“Can I kiss you?” John said, and Sherlock, undisturbed by the abrupt shift in conversation, nodded, leaning forward in anticipation. John threaded his hand in those curls, tugging, so that Sherlock’s mouth was half open by the time their lips met.
“Tisn’t flattery,” he said, bestowing a smacking kiss on her soft cheek. His eyes had not changed track. Lyons didn’t move.
“Mr. Holmes!”
Sherlock watched, rapt.
John’s head swam. He must have looked appalling, because Sherlock placed one large hand on his shoulder and breathed with him. The heat of his hand was comforting. John drew one shuddery breath, but it wasn’t enough. He dropped his head between his knees, the reins falling out of his hands. His lungs could not take another breath.
Why had he done it? He had been cold, certainly, but the wool blankets had been sufficiently warmed by then to maintain a standard body temperature. It hadn’t been for John’s benefit, either. He had wanted it for himself. John’s presence beside him, in the brief moment of awareness, had been something he had never imagined he could want, but that he now desired above all things.
“I love raspberries,” Sherlock said, reaching out to steal them.
Toothbrushes were widely available in Europe starting in the 1840s, and so I’m going to say both John and Sherlock have one. They would have been made from bone and horsehair or swine hair, and looked like the ones here: http://museumofeverydaylife.org/exhibitions-collections/previous-exhibitions/toothbrush-from-twig-to-bristle-in-all-its-expedient-beauty/a-visual-history-of-the-toothbrush
"I do."
"Three to four days at most. The brain was liquefied, which was not ideal, but a competent analysis would still have brought important information to light."
“Shall we get coffee?” Sherlock whispered back. John couldn’t decide whether to punch him or to slide his hand back and pinch the most sensitive spot on his thigh.
Slowly, methodically, John worked his way along the bottom curve of Sherlock’s arse until he reached his arsehole. He sat back on his heels to look, remembering that terrible day when he had given Sherlock the prostate massage, thinking it would help, and instead caused a shift in their worlds. He had wanted so desperately to use his mouth then, to make Sherlock submit, and now here they were: Sherlock sweet under his hands, and him hard and aching, but totally absorbed in making Sherlock feel. Really feel. He bit his lip and tried to settle himself, but Sherlock let out a low groan, bending his knees slightly so John had even easier access.
Not only that, but  as he brought his face back down, he could tell that Sherlock smelled. Not the expensive smell of cologne, like the men in the line, but sharp and primal—sweat and salt. Something strained in John’s belly.  He drew a shaky breath.
Mrs. Barrymore took up a towel and began to polish Lestrade’s already impeccable cutlery; Mrs. Dimmock was set to stirring the beans. From Sarah’s one raised eyebrow, Sherlock was fairly certain it was meant to keep her from ruining any food items. Neither woman made any further attempt at conversation with him.
The high, irritated chirping of a threatened squirrel echoed over the soughing of the wind in the trees. It wasn’t close enough to him to be because of his passing through.
Shit.
, that the sight of John's genitalia and the manipulation thereof had had such a strong effect on him,
“Sleep well?”
The drive itself, once this worst was past, turned out to be surprisingly pleasant. Nobody talked much; even Eva had subsided into the silence of despair; now and then Cousin Mike made a remark, more to himself, as it seemed, than to anybody else.  Sometimes Uncle Gregory answered it, sometimes not, but he always answered briefly, with no unnecessary words.
"What if," John said, "What if we started from the beginning? Tell me about where you knew her. Where you met her?"
“You think you’ve been wrong to refuse…congress with me?”
“Why does everyone seem to think I know exactly where Will is at all times?” he demanded peevishly.
“Look,” John said, “D’you want to have a bonfire tonight? That pile of stumps and roots in the south field is nearly dry, and no bear’ll come near us if we have a fire going.”
They slid down in the bed, Sherlock slightly above John now. John pulled him closer, winding one leg around him to bring their bodies together. The full contact made him gasp. Sherlock pulled back to look into his eyes.
Resolutely, he rose. It was snowing again, and the wind swept his home quarter. He would do the barn work and then, he thought, he would give his mind over to thinking about his guest and possibilities for treatment. Hysteria. Manual stimulation. John tried to remember exactly what it was that he was forgetting. He'd seen the papers, when they came out, but he knew there were some cases in which it was contraindicated. But which? After his breakfast, he turned to his few books, but even they were outdated, and he found no answers.
“I suppose. No, yes. Yes, I like him. It’s all a bit strange, but I like him.”
John's arrival at New Moon brings him a new place to love, a greater appreciation for cows, and a mysterious encounter with a ragged boy.
John rolled his eyes.
“It’s unusual for women to homestead alone.”
“And you’ll…will you…fuck me?” Sherlock asked.
“Is that what that is?” Sherlock said. “I did wonder. You got a nice sheen on it with the beeswax.”
Sherlock did not respond, but continued staring up. John followed his line of sight.
“I will not. Remove those geese from my bed immediately.”
“I’m so ordinary.”
John did. Sherlock laughed.
“Very well, then. But not in the house, John, and that is final. No,” he said, forestalling John’s argument, “I mean it. You might as well learn that first as last. There’ll be no more disrespect as there was last night.”
How, then, to best deal with the situation? Certainly John would still be embarrassed when he came in for breakfast. Perhaps the direct approach would work best. Encouraged, he gathered up the matches and the tin, and scraped the candle from the floor. They would speak man-to-man, as fellow scientists, and the awkwardness would pass. Pausing in the perusal of his J29 notebook, Sherlock smiled. They were friends.
“Hair?”
“Move your delicious bottom, if you don’t want it pinched,” Mrs Hudson said, bustling through, laden with lettuces from the garden. Sherlock stared after her for a moment.
How had they made it here, finally? They had faced terror—could still face terror, considering that they had not yet checked the inside of the cabin, where their safety was by no means guaranteed. And yet, the only thing Sherlock could think of was that only a few buckets of water stood between them consummating their relationship. He was suddenly nervous, dry-mouthed. He licked his lips.
“Swim?” Sherlock asked. “Though without our clothes, perhaps. Since they need laundering, I might as well make a brief analysis the interaction of manure and fiber. Your linen will be quite a contrast to mine.”
“Don't move!” He screamed at me, his eyes dark and wide and bit into his lower lip as he blindly fumbled for the window handle. The door jolted under a heavy blow as the transparent panes slid down.
Apollo made of white marble, majestic and cold, stretching a bow and following an invisible target with his blind eyes.
“Get off!” I screamed furiously. “Sherlock, what…!?”
“Please, explain it to me more clearly, for I do not understand…”
Unexpectedly, the door was slammed shut with an excessive force. Keys rattled in the lock hastily, imprisoning us in a studio.
But Sherlock shrunk back too, astonished about his own outburst. He raised both hands in a placatory gesture and apologised quietly: “No, I didn't mean it like that. Please, forget all I just said, John.”
“That's entirely up to you now, monsieur le Inspecteur,” he announced, his tone self-satisfied and firm. “As you remember, it was not my assignment to arrest the man but to restore the objects stolen from the Louvre. And this assignment is now finished.”
His silver eyes met mine and a shadow of a smile shivered on his lips when he said: “It was this fearless soldier who saved these treasures for your country. Give praise where it is due.”
Slap!
Sherlock hesitated. After that, he turned to me with his eyes narrowed in thought.
“What are you up to?” I addressed him with a forcedly cheerful smile in a lame attempt to make him speak. “Doing your research of something?”
“Yes.” He whispered.
If Sherlock was surprised before, he was truly stupefied now. He certainly did not deduce THAT.
I rubbed my chin absentmindedly, disturbing the prickly stubble already growing on it and asked: “Weren’t you afraid we would be caught in a blast?”
“Oh…says who?”
Still, while I was grappling with this obstacle, I noticed a slight metallic gloss in a corridor which lay behind bars. I leaned forward and squinted into the darkness.
“But this was just my estimate, of course. It was just as likely that De Vries hid the diamonds somewhere else or that he wasn’t involved in that crime at all. I therefore wished to examine his warehouse right away to judge if I am on the right track. Little did I know that Murray’s accomplices are shadowing us with the intent of grabbing you at the first chance, Geoffrey. They were seriously determined to force you to give up the crutch you secured at the crime-scene in some way.”
Sherlock's lips trembled and were pressed tightly together again. The detective averted his gaze with a bitter expression surfacing from beneath the glacier of his visage.
Clutching the handles of my bag tightly, I shuffled forward and carefully peeked inside the compartment placed as the first in the row.
“Sherlock, these assholes are turning to the strand! They will get ashore in a minute!”
Due to his inexperience in carnal knowledge, he was aroused very quickly. John rubbed the length of his member up and down for a few times and Sherlock hardened immediately, breathing heavily and watching the proceedings with fascinated abandon. Drops of sweat glistened on his temples like little pearls. His excitement was palpable in the air too, the heavy, salty, very masculine scent permeated the atmosphere in the small room like the perfume mixed of sea and seaweed tones.
“Wretched!” I murmured helplessly, sinking back into my seat and I stared at the unending line of cattle wagons with a growing sense of disappointment. “I can't believe he escaped like that, God damn it all to hell!”
Cold sweat drenched my nape and I felt my hair bristle in fright. My hand went to my pocket automatically in search of a gun.
“Besides,” a sly grin appeared on Vernet's face, “I have a big surprise for you. Wait until you see – you won't believe the coincidence! So shall we?”
He leaned against his seat and steepled his fingers under his chin, musing loudly: “You know, I think we actually caught Rosalie red-handed when we entered the bistro last night. I remember how late she reacted to the bell, how breathless she looked when she appeared at last and how obsessively she tried to wipe out the traces of soot from her hands. She also obviously knew Julian by name. When I mentioned him during our conversation, she got frightened for a few seconds and almost dropped the tray full of food into your lap. If I was not preoccupied with my own thoughts at that moment, I would have noticed it much sooner.”
And when his accomplice shoved Sherlock to the side in anger, letting him loose, he raised the crutch slowly and offered it to the detective. Clearly puzzled, Sherlock accepted it. The bearded Satan grinned from ear to ear at that and instructed him, relishing every word: “Now you will kill your friend, Dr. Watson, with it.”
“Don't be mistaken, my friend. I may be on the side of the angels, but I am not one of them.”
Sherlock's silver eyes flit to the side in a motion quick like a viper's stroke and return to his lovers face. John discreetly follows his glance, right in time to see a young, twenty-something man dressed in impeccable business suit deftly pulling out a purse out of a bag of a female guest. The woman notices nothing, chatting unconcernedly with her friends at the table.
Before I could ask any question, Sherlock grabbed the saucer-pad from the table and sniffed the cup placed on it.
”Oh, excuse me,” he apologises and smoothly runs away down the stairs. John smiles appreciatively as he watches Sherlock's long thin fingers slipping the purse back into the woman's bag.
He exhaled tiredly: “Three years and a few months…”
Sherlock pierced me with a look as sharp as a knife, the paleness of his irises hardening into steel: “Spilling of blood in such a manner would do away with his purity at once and would condemn him to the hardest of damnations. Spiritually, he would never recover from such an incident. Therefore, he would rather be killed himself than to slay somebody else. And so this man, Authié, being Perfect, couldn't murder the victim. He just couldn't!”
The man bolts and springs right at John, but the former soldier is well prepared for that and he has the thief lying on the floor in a second with his hands twisted behind his back, doctor's knee pressed into a small of his back. Unsurprisingly, the woman's credit card and a driver's licence were already in the back pocket of the man's trousers. John returns them to the purse and releases his prisoner.
xxxxxxxx
He deflated like a balloon and his gaze oscillated between both of our faces helplessly.
Sherlock stood still for a little while.
“Unlock it,” he responded, smiling openly now and hunkered down to put his shoe back on. I complied and in no time we were free from our impromptu prison, heading out through the damp cellar-corridor.
“Thank you, maybe later,” replied Sherlock phlegmatically, not the least disturbed by the jab. I only looked at the thief in contempt, enraged by the deliberate mispronunciation of my name.
Sherlock lost his patience with me and began to walk to and fro in the middle of the room: “I can't believe you are talking about legality all of a sudden, John! Did you forget that the thing we do together is hardly legal in our home-country either?”
”Well, good luck to them,” mumbles John with the last fleeting glance on the devastated chair.
I pierced Sherlock with an accusing glance. It was incredible that a third party possessed such wealth of information on his family and I was left entirely in the dark in that regard. Cousin or not, this was quite unfair to me!
Still, he never made it. I clearly noticed the moment in which he stiffened, his eyes bulging out of his sockets. His mouth opened helplessly and as he gave out a short cough, it filled with abundant pink foam. I barely had time to catch his falling body into my arms and to gently lay him down. He was in his last throes already and in but a second, he breathed out and went absolutely still. There was nothing I could do to save him.
Being informed about Authié's arrest, this young aide, Didier, turned ashen in the face and rocked back and fort as if overcoming an urge to faint. Vernet caught him under the armpit and leaned close to him, whispering some soothing words to him. He then escorted him inside.
Once again, I succeeded to escape from her. For now.
“Let it…” John gasped red in the face and pumping hard now. “Let it all out! Come on!”
“You intrigue me.” He announced after that and produced a cigarette out of his pocket, his playful long fingers twirling it around. “Well, don't you think the thief is very happy now that they consider him a subject worthy of the attention of the celebrated English detective? Just consider what pleasure it would be for him to best the rival of these qualities!”
The cheeky youngster smirked: “That's true, but I will bet on our man still, rather than on Le Rosbif. Besides, why side with that stuck up Brit instead of the man of your own land? It's France against England now… Trafalgar will be avenged at last…”
The hay-wain stopped in front of some house at last.
“Oh, of course! I have the fresh kettle made in the kitchen. Come, I’ll pour myself the new one too.”
Soft, almost inaudible screech coming from above interrupted my musings. I looked up absentmindedly and was surprised to see the door of the warehouse closing.
”Hello,” says John in a low voice, smiling thinly and ominously.
Sherlock stood by the side of unknown man now, his eyes red and shiny. He was obviously very moved and so uncharacteristically disturbed, that I would have held him for another person altogether. He raised his hand and to my shock, he placed it on the cheek of the old man, caressing it gently.
Nothing indicated what would happen today. The day was very hot and the azure sky above Thames so clear and deep, it dwarfed even the high white arc of the London Eye into humbleness. Those blue depths invoked the sense of pleasant vertigo, while the waves of the river glistened invitingly, resembling the polished surface of some strange metal.
He put his hand at the crown of my head, his fingers ruffling up my hair gently. I shut my eyes and leaned more comfortably against him.
I yelled in heart-wrenching desperation.
“Uh, maybe he looks like a good person to you, Sherlock, but I doubt…”
Sherlock just mumbled something inaudible, tucked his scarf more tightly around the lower part of his face and stepped further into the darkness.
Stunned by this rant from an otherwise stoic Lestrade, we mutely exchanged glances.
It was in the morning that I came to realise my mistake. I opened my eyes unexpectedly and Sherlock, although he put his bossy and self-confident countenance back on immediately, was not entirely able to mask the disappointment and bitterness mirrored on his face in that first minute. And it as was clear as day to me, what he thought at that moment.
“It didn't. It was disposed of more devilishly than that.”
I found him in a vestibule, standing in the alcove half-lit by the afternoon sun, the edge of light and darkness passing right through the middle of it. He smoked nervously, tipping the ash into the large ash-bin.
”It doesn't look like rain, don't you think?” remarks John, happily chewing on the crispy piece of bacon.
“So, Marcel… what is this surprise you have planned for me to see?”
“Finland Street it is then. But only for a short while, all right? I don’t intend to spend there all night…”
“Well, they came here to admire the beauty of British nature too, I suppose, so…” His voice, muffled with suppressed guffaw, resonated dully.
Outraged by his merriment at my expense, I stretched out and bit him into the shoulder maliciously.
I slipped my hand into his covertly and I held it tight. We couldn't kiss there, not in public, but everything we needed to tell each other was expressed in that little, inconspicuous gesture. And so we remained standing on the square side by side and we silently contemplated the picturesque plain of the Orb that stretched into the distance deep beneath us. The pale sunlight of the late October bore on us from high and caressed our shoulders like a lover.
Sherlock turned to him with a calculating look in his cerulean eyes.
He gave a short summary of our previous actions to the gendarme, indicating a coffee table at the end: “We touched nothing, except the middle of this door and the saucer pad. I was careful to put it back on the table into its original position for you. If you allow me to advice you something, I would preserve that cup together with its content for now and let it be analysed by an expert later. The strong herbal smell of the tisane makes it impossible to tell, but I suspect there was some potent drug administered to this drink earlier in the evening.”
“Please, tell me,” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, “are we waiting here for Professor Julian Authié? Is he the one you were speaking about?”
Sick to my stomach, I could only look at the bloodied piece of the broken rail, twisted upwards like a snake poised for an attack, which we both managed to overlook and which pierced his jugular vein mercilessly as he run onto it in his mindless ire.
Besides, it was a low tide. The boulders in front of the cottage were swarming with conspicuous wedge-shaped humps.
”Oh,” John wipes his mouth with a serviette, puts it down and stands up with a crooked smile. “I think I'll go to the loo for a while.”
Nor you without me, nor me without you.”
“So…” I cleared my throat, “Julian Authié and you were lovers, if I understand correctly?”
“It was the honeysuckle and the hazel Marie de France wrote about…. not the two parts of a mussel-shell.”
I immediately lifted my hands, placing one palm onto his sharp cheekbone, the other on his lips sprouting such nonsense. Sharp needles of tears prickled me under my lids but I managed to give him the crooked, watery smile anyway.
John happily pictured his kids running around screaming their heads off while Sherlock tried to teach them about pond ecosystems. Unfortunately, they tended to listen to him, the rotten little things, hung onto his every word practically. They loved John to death, of course they did, but Sherlock was the favourite. Although John's orders were followed to the letter and snappily, military voice and all.
John folded his arms and tapped his foot in the incensed manner of a rather angry mother hedgehog. "And you didn't think to take me?"
"Thought you'd want your sleep, since your heat started today. Although I must admit it was a trifle hard to leave with you clinging to me like an octopus You really are unfairly strong, I think I sprained a wrist."
“Shut up,” John snapped, wriggling out of his underwear and sinking abruptly onto his cock. He felt it slide into him, one impossible length, the tight press of his skin pinching a little around the hard flesh. A couple of inches more, and he was there, feeling breathless and full. They sat, balls to arse, Sherlock making quiet needy noises. John clasped Sherlock's right hand in his, carefully levering himself up and sitting back down in one moist slide. He liked it this way, liked being able to set the pace. Sherlock was making abortive thrusts, hands scrabbling for purchase as he moaned. His long, pale throat was exposed in an unconsciously submissive gesture. John mapped the supple lines of his body with his eyes, gaze lingering on the dark hollows of his collarbones. A dark, primal spike of lust lanced through him. Fluid rushed thick and fast from his swollen hole, and he felt a little dribble out and glisten against Sherlock's lower abdomen.
Finally, the last few inches slipped into him, effectively sealing him off. Sherlock's firm, bulbous crown knocked against John's spongy, sensitive cervix, sending him immediately into an intense, brutal climax. He held onto consciousness by the skin of his teeth as orgasm rattled his body to pieces. The ragged scream that tore itself from Sherlock's throat seconds later spoke of an ecstasy so exquisite it was unbearable.
“Nice to meet you, monsieur.” I managed to conjure the wide smile somehow, although my teeth were almost bursting under strain, they were set that hard. “I see that you already know Mr. Holmes. Let me introduce myself then. Doctor John H. Watson, at your service.”
Every day he would pull out his gun and look at it. He wouldn't do anything more, normally; but one day, when it just became too much, he actually put the gun to his head and just sat there, debating.
John wrote back saying that he hopes Sherlock will be okay, and to tell him that he's sorry for going away for so long.
(See the end of the chapter for
"There's a lot!" Sherlock interrupted.
John grinned. “Me, too.”
Sherlock stood from the bed and peered down at John. “No, John,” he said, his voice soft. “You see, but you do not observe, as always.” His lips tilted up in a smirk. “My dear Watson, look at me, and I mean really look. I am not wholesome. You can see through me. I see through me. I do not exist.”
"Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes."
John did everything in his power to make me happy. Of course I noticed, but did I really not give him thanks enough? I know he said to not feel sad, but I do. Constantly.
“Well come on then, grumpy, or we’ll be late and Greg won’t win his bet.”
Sherlock emerged from his room, dressed in his usual suit, along with his trusty coat and scarf.
I demanded that Moriarty show himself, and he did, albeit smugly. As he walked towards John and I, I was tempted to just shoot him right then and there, but I decided to wait out the moment, see what his next move was going to be before I place mine.
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope that you enjoy this story, and if you did not, then please feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it. I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you!
Sherlock looked up at John shyly.
I don’t know how other people are going to react to the things that I tell them. I don’t understand body language or the basic human mind all that well just yet. I only know how to deduce, and all that does is get me into trouble. I just wish that I could be
"John, promise me something?"
"I'll take that as a yes," his father chuckled.
I finally got to meet this Moriarty fellow. Turns out, it's Jim from IT, the man that Molly was dating whom I deduced was gay, which I'm still sure he is, going by the way he announces things. But that doesn't matter. He strapped a bomb to John, and oh how I was livid. I will admit, I was also terrified.
I heard the police scanner within the car and reached inside, holding down the button on the mouth-piece, causing every walkie-talkie around us to malfunction. This distracted the entire force and allowed for me to take over one of the nearest police men; I took his gun and held John as my hostage before we ran, doing what Moriarty wanted: becoming fugitives.
Sherlock grinned at the screen. John wasn’t mad anymore. This was good. Sherlock looked up as a cab stopped on the side of the road across from where he sat. Out stepped John in the sweater Sherlock had made him, which only made him smile further. John made his way over to Sherlock and sat down next to him.
Softly, softly. Gently, gently.
“Hey, Sherlock, are you still in there?”
John. John sounded angry. John sounded tired.
Sherlock runs out of the room and to the telephone.
Sherlock's favorite room happened to be his father's study, because that's where the giant wall of nothing is, as he liked to call it. His father said that he could put anything he desired upon the wall, and so Sherlock pinned maps and paintings and posters all over. His father boasted proudly over his son's work, which made Sherlock grin like crazy.
Time passed, and before they knew it it became dark out.
The Doctor shrugged his shoulders as he tried to figure out how to make it all stop. "She does this quite often, so there's no telling where we'll end up." The Doctor looked over at Sherlock with an apologetic look in his eyes before flying up into the air a few feet, then landing on the floor. "She's landed," he groaned as he stood up. "I'm getting too old for this," he sighed before opening the door, peaking his head out.
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope you enjoy this story, and if you do not, then feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it. I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you!
Sherlock nodded and took his schedule from the man's outstretched hand.
When we got to Baskerville, John pulled rank. Needless to say, it was quite . . . interesting. He had to convince the people who worked there to let us in, while I had to use Mycroft's key card in order to gain access; it only took him 23 minutes to receive a notification that I had done so. He's slipping, my dear brother. Used to, it would take less than ten.
But he was right, my brother. No one wanted to be my friend, whether I was smart or not. I would always take my analyzing too far, thus I always ended up with either a broken nose, jaw, ribs, fingers, you name it. I’ll admit that I don’t know where certain limits lie. I don’t know if I’m saying the wrong thing or not; I’m just doing what I was taught as a child.
My brother told me to leave him be, that he'll come to me when he's ready to - but how long before he's ready? How long before it's too late?
"I know -"
His father listened to him speak. After he was through, he smiled at his son.
John rolled his eyes. Again.
When they got back home, they half-expected Sherlock to continue talking, but he seemed to only speak when it was important to him. Otherwise, he used his hands, which was more than okay for them.
They landed, and The Doctor opened the door so that Sherlock could exit first. As Sherlock walked out of the giant blue box, he looked around, eyes wide in amazement. "Where are we?" He asked.
Their mother stood, and their father followed. "Come along, boys, say goodbye to your uncle before we go."
He opened the door and walked in. Sherlock sat on his bed, legs crossed and hands clasped together under his chin. John stood next to his bed. “Can - May I sit down?”
"It's a deal."
"Come along, boys," their father spoke. "It's supper time."
Sherlock grinned. “Me, too. I was just waiting to see how long it would take for you to break. We actually were talking, though, but he did help me make some noise to make it all sound convincing.”
“My god, you’re not joking.”
John always answered him with as much enthusiasm as he did when John asked him about bees. Sherlock found that he'd endure anything for John Watson. Even these boring Bond films.
"You little monkey," he reached out a hand and tickled Sherlock's side. Sherlock squealed and tried to get away, but Mycroft was persistent.
I explained to the court that I hardly knew Moriarty, but from what I do know about him, he is rather a clever and dangerous criminal, and is not to be trusted at any cost. He will turn on you should you turn on him, and he is not afraid of setting himself up as he did so today in order to get caught, if not for the attention.
For once, Sherlock was glad that he didn't have that many friends, as he wasn't sure if he could handle a lot of people at an event as big as a wedding. The few people that he did ask to come were overjoyed.
When Mycroft was done helping in the kitchen and dining room, he joined John and Sherlock in the living room.
"Then, after you've been fed and watered," John said, which made Sherlock snicker, "we're going to go have a proper lie down. You look like you haven't slept in ages."
Their wedding was nothing short of sweet and calm. The both of them wore matching suits, and Sherlock said that hats were absolutely off the table. He claimed to hate them, but John knew that he spent more time on his precious hair than he let on and didn't want a hat to mess it all up.
Sherlock bit at his fingertips on one hand and with the other he began to wring it in distress.
"That's really neat, Sherlock. You'll have to show me one day."
“Then it’s settled. We’re both forgiven. But so help me God, if you ever pull a stunt like that, or this, ever again, I will -”
He can’t take it anymore. He can’t stand living in a world where there is no John to make it brighter. He can’t stand not having his best friend around to tell him that he’s showing off, or that he’s said something at the wrong time again.
"Back off, Watson."
“The night is over Sherlock, we don’t have to pretend anymore?”
When Sherlock went home at the end of the school day, he ran into his father's study to tell him about his rather exciting day.
"No, you back off before I knock out your bloody teeth."
"So," Sherlock said, his voice hoarse. "You weren't lying, then?"
Sherlock moved to the side so that the two could see each other better. “Victor, this is John, my flatmate. John, this is Victor; we went to Uni together.”
"Are you my friend?" Sherlock asked. "Because not-friends don't really do that. Or at least, I don't think they do. I don't know, I've been homeschooled my whole life. I've never had a friend. Can we be friends? I'm rambling, aren't I? I apologize. I will leave you alone if you wish."
I handled that situation with ease and was hoping to finally relax and have some time to myself after all these busy days, but was surprised to find Miss Adler asleep in my bed. She had come back for the phone, which I, unfortunately, failed to open while it was in my possession.
His father pulled him closer so that he stood toe to toe with him.
Some nights are tolerable, but some nights can turn into Sherlock’s worst nightmare. He’d been clean for months now, but his mind still betrays him with thoughts that urge him to just do it
“I didn’t mean to,” Sherlock grumbled from beside him.
"I've never been without you for less than two weeks, how am I going to do three months?"
Lips touched. Silence ensued. Breathing became a problem.
I knew Moriarty would come for me after he was pleaded not guilty, so I made tea for the both of us. He arrived at my flat, talked to me about riddles, and left, leaving me admittedly at a loss at what he wants me to do. One thing I did notice, however, was that he gave me a hint towards a code. Before he left, though, he kept saying he owes me, but I don't know what he means by it just yet.
Sherlock retold his tale, more than happy to talk about John all day.
“Yeah. I was wondering - how much is in it?”
“Oh. Right. You wouldn’t have heard. We got divorced two months ago; she faked being pregnant, so I left her.”
"Hello?"
"What do you like to do then, Sherlock?"
"I'm good, thank you, John. My parents said you could come with us this weekend!"
“With Mike for now.”
By the time Sherlock turned seven, he knew almost everything about sign language. While he learned it from his family, he researched it in books and learned about the history and culture and talked on and on about it with his parents and Mycroft. They all just smiled and patiently listened to Sherlock ramble.
"Always, John."
Mycroft paid for all of the expenses, and although he wouldn't allow his face to show emotion around anyone but John and Sherlock, he felt ecstatic inside. Mycroft wouldn't really admit such a private thought to anyone, but he was happy for his baby brother. He'd found love, and Mycroft couldn't have been more proud of him than he was in that moment. His baby brother, who grew up being different and ridiculed and judged, overcame everything and owned his disability; he'd created a life for himself, apart from his mind's idea of how it wanted him to be.
"Love?" Sherlock asked.
Two weeks into his stay, John had begun to hallucinate Sherlock. It had begun when John would talk to himself, but he would imagine Sherlock sitting down on the bed beside him, listening to his every word with content.
Sherlock slowly began to wake. He opens his eyes and groans at the bright light that engulfs him. He slowly opens them once more, giving them time to adjust. He looks around and sees that he was in a hospital bed, in a gown. He sighs. No doubt Mycroft would be here soon to tell him he was going to rehab. Again.
Just like that, someone important to me leaves my life.
Sherlock nodded and followed John into their bedroom. The two of them changed clothes and slid under the duvet before pulling each other close.
John quietly made his way upstairs but saw no sign of Sherlock. Odd. Usually Sherlock would text him if he went anywhere. He took off his shoes and hung his coat before trudging upstairs to where his bedroom is. Upon entering his room, John’s jaw dropped, slack.
"Chicken it is. Come along, dears," she escorted them out of the study and took them to the bathroom. "Wash your hands then go sit at the table and wait patiently while I cook."
John had told Sherlock about it, but he merely scoffed at them with his own comment of, “Don’t they realize that we’re just very close friends? Morons.”
cough,
“Tell me.”
She wanted a story, so I gave her one: She. Is. Repelling.
“I drove you to this, Sherlock! I abandoned you. I -” Realization shown on John’s face. “Oh God… I abandoned you. I left you. I - Oh God…”
"Sherlock, hey. How are you?"
Thank you so much for reading. If you liked it, then there is much more to come!
John looked up at him then. His shoulders sagged down and he looked away, too embarrassed to admit it.
"Chicken."
to Sherlock, so it made him feel very honored in that moment.
John smirked. "The game is on, then."
"Oh? What did the two of you do?"
"What's this about a new friend?" his mother asked.
“Sherlock,” Greg greeted back, then turned to look at John. “Hey, John. What’ll you two have?”
The Doctor gave the most beautiful of smiles. "She was a beautiful rose, that one. So beautiful. I loved her, but I never got to tell her in time." He looked down at his shoes. "She's in a better place now, though."
John asked questions every now and then, and Sherlock answers them with enthusiasm.
After their appointment, they went home and immediately began to work with Sherlock. His older brother, Mycroft, was happy to help in any way that he could. He had gone to the library to check out books on BSL and gave them to his parents, as he had already learned it in school.
No, he taught me to empathize, to realize when I had done or said something wrong - he taught me compassion, and love, and friendship. He taught me to be human. He broke through my steel walls and fixed me; not that I was ever broken, mind - but he seemed to do more than ever I could.
When Sherlock woke from his nap, he saw that Mycroft had joined him. He smiled, sat up, then gently pat his brother on his chest before moving to sit on him.
That's pretty much it, really. I'm told that some people with autism have it way worse than I do, so I'm thankful that I got to be a little bit better at stuff."
Sherlock smiled a bit at that.
But did John care right now? Not one bit.
Their mother set the table before taking her seat alongside their father.
Sherlock made his way back to his own room and went straight to bed. It took him a while to fall asleep, but he finally did.
John looked over his shoulder at him. “You won’t like it. At least, I don’t think you will.”
“D’you mind very much? I’ve got a lot to do today.”
"That definitely confirms our suspicion, then. Tame bear. What do you suppose are the chances of its owner coming back looking for it?"
"I doubt that very much."
"I have. I mean, before, I have. And... I like it. You smell like a man. Like you."
They left the arena for lunch, as Sherlock wanted to watch the referee in question travel to the arena. John drove them straight to a Tim’s.
“You won’t. And I suppose.” He took the outstretched leaf with a sigh.
Towards him. Bear.
The organization for this chapter was difficult (what r plots?) and Doctornerdington was very very helpful in sorting out the order of events. Then, of course, one scene GREW and the chapter had to be split anyway. Whatcha gonna do?
“I thought you would never touch me like this.”
"Why do you keep them, then?"
“Try and stop me.”
John drew back, surprised at her intensity. She didn't look away, but held his gaze.
"Should I dress?" Sherlock grinned.
"I do have some dignity, you know."
“We have to go.”  He began to pull away. This was too much; he was already half hard and getting harder.
“They love each other, you see,” Mrs.  Hudson said. “Harry and Clara. Harry’s a complete berk but she does adore her partner.”
“Let’s get at it.” Lestrade set his cap back on his head and swung his axe up on to his shoulder. “I’ve paced out the spot. Major, Mr. Dimmock, if you’d start planing for the roof? Joe and I split those logs last week. John, Will, and I will notch. Joe, you’re to sharpen axes and fetch water.” At Joe’s protest, he added “And you can take your turn notching once we’ve enough to start lifting.”
“Great.” John said, and stared up at the huge, black clouds mounded up in the east. “Just in time for rain.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“You should have left my bloody geese alone!”
“Fine. The only one here,” John replied, a little put out.
“I was busy.”
, he thought, and pressed the tip of his lubed finger into Sherlock’s arse.
“Joseph? Will you pray for us?” Dimmock had his hand firmly on his son’s shoulder. The boy wriggled a little, then, sighing, bowed his head and muttered “Dear Lord thank you for this beautiful day please bless our endeavour and keep us safe amen.”
That decided, he took his rifle and snowshoes and headed to the northwest woods. Game would be mostly thin and stringy, but he was tired of salt pork, and he had a mind to look at the bear caves at the riverbend. The male bears would be coming out of their hibernation, thin and cranky and dangerous, and somehow that suited his mood.
After the door closed with a crash behind John, Sherlock dropped his head to the back of the settle and drew a long breath. His limbs were heavy and yet light, his arse was slick and pleasantly strained, and his mind was suffused with a glow that could not be dampened by his unexpected crisis and John’s shocked reaction.
They would eventually have to discuss yesterday's events, along with the potential perpetrators; he would double-check the barn, just to be safe, but ultimately Sherlock decided to wait until John was awake (and carnally satisfied).
I’m grateful to Ariane deVere’s transcripts from TAB for the conversation about Sherlock’s urges.
“Says the smuggest man in the universe.”
“Would you, if I asked?” Sherlock smiled as engagingly as he knew how. John made a face, but his body language told Sherlock that he would, indeed, spend a precious late spring day chasing vermin if Sherlock asked.
, John.”
Scraping the mud from his boots, John went into the cabin. He wasn't quite sure what he was expecting, but Sherlock Holmes kneeling on his hearth and peering into the hearth was not it. Holmes was in his shirtsleeves, his deerstalker and unwieldy though doubtless expensive coat carelessly scattered over the floor.
“No. Please. I want you…fuck me.”
John’s stomach clenched. He shrank from this conversation, but he matched his steps to Sherlock. Better to have it out, he thought, steeling himself. He would apologize, and he would conduct himself in a more seemly manner in future. At least, he thought, there would now be a clear line of action: pelvic massage was out of the question. He would have to see about an iron tonic, he thought, as he stepped into the cabin, but for now toast and tea would have to do.
John sighed. The idea of Mrs. Hudson masterminding a romance between Sherlock and himself was becoming more real—and more terrifying—by the moment.
The party that was left was very merry, toasting everything from the delicious meal to the perfect barn to the confused chicken who wandered up to the table.
“When it’s not making the house uninhabitable with the stench of burnt feathers or antagonizing megafauna or drinking all my tea it is.”
He took the goats out one at a time, enduring their loud complaints as they were separated, and being butted out of the way at their reunion. Harry. Certainly, these two were as pair-bonded as the geese, despite both being female.
“I didn’t ask your opinion. Give me more data.”
"I thought I was in charge."
Guglielmo gives himself up with joyous relief. He pushes back to feel John take him down.
John goes back to his room for a long siesta. He feels like a very bad man when he gets off fantasizing about Guglielmo washing at the stream with the other farmhands. He knows he’s a very bad man when he thinks of creeping down to watch.
"And what do they usually say?" John asked.
“Prat.” John said, laughing.
“It’s all right, John,” Sherlock drew a shaky breath. “I’ll perform a full post-mortem.”
were standing in the middle of a room; I was beside you, holding someone’s hand and Mother was lying just before us in a long, black box.  And you were crying--and I couldn't think why--and I wondered why Mother looked so white and wouldn't open her eyes.  And I reached up and touched her cheek--but someone held me back and somebody in the room said, 'Poor little things!'--why things?- and I was frightened and put my face down on your shoulder."
“You hated
“If you want me to, I will.”
“Go ahead,” John said, voice steadier than he felt.
With each long stride, his spirits rose. He ran faster and faster, reaching a sprinting pace that he maintained until he reached the end of his wind. Then, he slowed to a more reasonable pace, his heart pumping and a smile on his face despite himself. He had been so absorbed with his new life here that the pleasures of physical exertion had quite fallen out of his mind, and it was good to do it again.
"I'm here, I'm here," he called, pushing the door open. The barn was warmer than the house--a little riper, to be sure, with the accumulated scent of a dozen animals, but warm. He shrugged off his coat and hung it on its nail, then picked up the hay fork and started to fill the mangers, Harry's and Clara's first, because he could see that Harry had gnawed another notch out of the bars while she was waiting to be fed. At least if she escaped she couldn't lay waste to his kitchen garden or his clothesline this time-there was still at least two feet of snow on the ground.
“I’ve got to get back soon. Does it matter which?”
I adapted John’s description of Sherlock to Mrs. Hudson from John’s blog.
“That’s a bear slash.”
“I think I can,” he said. His heart fluttered as John ran a thumb over the palm of his hand.
“I can, but it hurts. Is there a stick nearby?”
“Sherlock?” John called into the dark room, clearly puzzled at the lack of light.
“I am stating that corporal punishment would likely have made you better-behaved, certainly.”
“Good man, Sherlock,” Stamford said, clapping him on the back.  “We’d best thank you and go, Lestrade,” he said. “Mrs. Strickland north of the river is due to have her baby any moment, and I promised I’d attend her. Molly, Finlay, can you be ready?”
Pelvic massage, indeed! It was self-abuse, pure and simple, and the heaviness at the base of his belly, through his bollocks and behind, wasn’t congestion – it was desire. Sexual desire. He wasn't performing a medical procedure. He was wanking.
Better to suppress it, he supposed, although he was starting to have his doubts about the efficacy of that particular method. He had tried it, long ago, and had only the faintest memories of that once-beloved friend.
“What d’you think got it?” Sherlock asked, looking up at him. It was a new experience, having Sherlock’s face tilted up towards his own, and John found he rather liked it. Sherlock`s lips were pink and parted, and his eyes were earnest.
“I know. I—I did too. Look, maybe we…maybe we can? Be something? But I need to think about it. Can you give me time?”
Cousin Mike had carried Eva’s basket off. Where had he put it?  Perhaps Eva would get out and go home--John had heard cats always went back home.  He wished HE could get out and go home--he pictured himself and his cat running eagerly along the dark, starlit roads to the little house in the hollow. But it would be empty, he knew, for even the Widow Turner had left that day.
"Amazing,” John shook his head. “You need treating for hysteria, he says." Sherlock shook his head.
"Best not, thanks." He did want to buy a bottle, but even though Mycroft Holmes' money sat heavy in his pocket, he refused. The whiskey had become too much of a mainstay, perhaps, in the cold winter, and now, with an uninvited guest coming, he could not afford to have his judgement clouded. Instead, he selected the items from his list: flour, sugar, tea and side of bacon. On reflection, he added a barrel of dried apples, since his were long finished. Then, well provisioned but in a terrible temper, he set out.
“Until the cups are gone. March first.” A sharklike grin appeared on Sherlock’s face. “What, are you afraid?”
"Fine. Can I help with the digging?"
“It wasn’t your fault,” Sherlock said, “You…”
"Better not, not yet." John had to be honest. "If you touch me, I'll... I'll spend. I want it to be good."
Still, he did nothing, waiting for Sherlock to move. What did one do, or say, to mysterious figures in the woods? Adrenaline coursed through him and he began to sweat. He stiffened his spine against a tide of familiar, helpless desire, slowing his breathing and letting Sherlock’s utter calm hold him in place.
“Bread?” John tried, and got a small shake of the head for his trouble. “You need to eat more. I can see your blood through your skin.”
Sherlock himself had been surprised, when he left the cabin, to see the sun so high in the sky. He could still make the rounds of the property—-it had been no trouble to discover John Watson’s deed of sale, with the coordinates of the land, in a metal box under the so-called bed—-but he would have to walk briskly and be at his sharpest. Thankfully, the cheap swill John called tea did not lack in stimulation; his heart raced as he swung his collecting box over his shoulder and stuffed a notebook into his coat. Upon reflection, he wrapped a chunk of bread in a spoiled sheet and added it to his pockets. He wouldn’t have to eat it—he’d been frankly horrified at the dense, unpalatable nature of that common item—but at least he’d avoid being harassed about his food intake. He was beginning to suspect that John, despite his very sensible suspicions about Mycroft, would take the role as protector seriously, and that included eating.
The “bears that aren’t there” thing made me want to make a Schroedinger’s bear joke but sadly Schroedinger was born in 1887 so it’s too early. Consider it made here.
Sherlock describes his life and events within a journal over the years.
“They have about three thousand pounds going for us. They started it a few months after we first met.”
John just looked at him and shook his head. “But you’re sitting here, talking to me, listening to me. Obviously you’re not dead.”
He wears these sweaters
He nodded and lay his head down on her shoulder. He pulled his fingers out of his mouth and made a grabbing motion at Mycroft, who was carrying a bag with Sherlock's emergency blanket, toys, foods, etcetera. Mycroft pulled out his plush bee and handed it to Sherlock, who happily tucked it underneath his chin and closed his eyes as he began humming to himself. He never failed to put himself to sleep.
"Any time, Sherlock."
Thus, he found himself on a mattress in his usual drug den, accompanied by a few other people.
He can’t face them and their judgment.
Sherlock could only continue to whimper in agony. She gently pulled his fingers free of his mouth and he screamed. She let go and he put them back in, sniffling quietly.
Sherlock threw every pillow he could find in John's direction, all the while jumping over all of their furniture to get away from him.
"I'm so sorry, baby. I forgot you don't like your food touching. Mummy will fix that. There you go!" She had put mashed potatoes and peas and chicken and carrots on his plate, but they were all over one another and Sherlock's mind clicked into overdrive any time that happened.
"Not right now, Sherlock. I'd like to get to know this fellow," his father said.
John pulled back to look him in the eyes, and noticed that they were now red and blotchy.
His parents decided that it would be a nice day for a walk out into the city. Mycroft was skeptic about it because of Sherlock, but he agreed that even he needed to get out of the house for a while.
Sherlock describes his life and events within a journal over the years.
The phone rattles as it's handed over.
He has helped me to live
Mycroft. Mycroft sounded sad. Mycroft sounded concerned.
He didn’t answer. He was too caught up in his mind.
Their two weeks were finally up, and Sherlock was not having the best time trying to let John go. He knew that John's mind was set on him leaving, but it didn't take away the pain any less.
"Mummy," his voice croaked. He'd never used it before, so it sounded small and broken.
"No, but you still act like one - oi! You can't hit your boyfriend! He's fragile."
After their meal was over, Sherlock asked if he could talk to them privately. His father led the way into his office and the three of them sat down. Sherlock stood in front of them, arms crossed.
Sherlock gasped. "You?"
“There you go,” John murmurs. “Just keep it up with the deep breaths until you’ve calmed down some more, then we can talk.”
After Sherlock had all of his drawings hung up, their mother announced that it was getting close to supper time.
"Boys, dinner is ready!"
"I'm not angry; I'm upset. But that doesn't matter right now - you do. Now, go back upstairs, have a wash, and then we will talk."
“Yes, yes, I’m coming.”
Sherlock nodded and stood with John, who lead the way back to 221B Baker Street. They never walked alone anywhere anymore, but together they would walk everywhere.
Sherlock then looked over at The Doctor and wiped his eyes. "Can't you take us back to my original time?"
"I know," he said. "I know. You worried me, you know, when you didn't respond. I had to write your brother, and he explained what had happened. Imagine my reaction when he told me you were suddenly taking drugs. I was shocked - angry, of course - and a little bit disappointed."
He walked up the steps and into their living room. Sherlock stood in the middle of the room, frowning.
"He really is!"
John nodded in understanding. "I just can't believe that he would ever go to that," he frowned.
Making his way downstairs, he walks into Sherlock’s room, only to notice that the man is gone. John frowned. Sherlock was nowhere to be found within the flat. Pulling out his phone, he decides to send a text.
Their mother cried alongside their father, and Mycroft held on tight to his brother. That night they celebrated this milestone by going out to a very fancy restaurant with the promise of any dessert of Sherlock's choosing.
"So John, Sherlock tells me that you'd like to be a doctor?"
“He slept for two days straight.”
John sighed and rolled his eyes. “May I come in?”
"Yes, love," his mother giggled softly. "You're in love, dear."
Two more hours pass before John hears the door to Sherlock’s room squeak open. Victor comes out, looking smug, and just waves at John as he leaves.
Sherlock couldn't look at him, but he nodded.
Sherlock nodded enthusiastically.
John goes away to Afghanistan and Sherlock deals with it in a very bad way.
“Don’t be,” John says. “Nothing to apologize for. Are you ready to talk, though?”
“Get out, Sherlock, before I do something I might soon regret.”
John rushed to his side and pulled him into a kiss. Sherlock gasped and John took advantage of it, pushing his tongue into Sherlock's mouth, feeling around. The kiss was wet, but not slimy, as other boys had described when regaling their tales of kissing girls.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, thinking it over.
Sherlock just shrugged. “Of what just happened.”
The moment Sherlock noticed John enter the room, he froze in place, stopping what he was doing. John just stared at him and closed his mouth, his eyes flashing in anger.
Sherlock followed every order without complaint. When the time came to go lie down, within seconds of hitting his pillow, Sherlock was out.
Sherlock looked John in the eye and smirked. “Stupid sentiment,” he muttered.
Not even a minute after they took off, the T.A.R.D.I.S began to shake and bump into things on the outside.
He had stood in line, picked his meal, and sat down. He'd not spoken to or looked at anyone. He'd minded his own business.
Once again he changed his mind and left us for good. John and I went back home - I like the sound of that.
Sherlock shakes his head.
Sherlock only complained about it once, and that was because he didn't have his best friend, Pirate Joe, with him. Mycroft went to get him and placed him in the tub with Sherlock, and from then on Mycroft was able to bathe him with ease.
His phone rang and rang until Mycroft answered.
Without John Watson
“Make what stop?”
Mycroft carried him down the stairs and into the dining room. He placed Sherlock in his chair before going to his. Their father pulled out their mother's chair before going to his own, then the feast began.
Definitely not forgotten.
Molly had recorded most of the reception for them, as did Mrs. Hudson, and the pair burned a copy to present to them the next day.
John nodded. "Yeah, I read a lot of medical books. I just find it fascinating, plus I want to help people, you know?"
I put the notes back in the box and close the lid. Standing, I grab the box and hold it to my chest. A few tears make their way down my cheek, but I don't care.
The Doctor looked down at his watch. "Five minutes exact. We should probably go anyways, it takes another minute or two just to get back into your time-line." He then began to walk back to the T.A.R.D.I.S.
"But John . . . " Sherlock's frown deepened.
“John,” Mycroft greeted him, but he paid no mind. He paid no mind to anything these days.
Today seems to be one of those days.
“So, I just talked to Greg.”
Sherlock nodded once, and so John sat.
Sherlock describes his life and events within a journal over the years.
John unlocked and opened the front door before stepping in, Sherlock following a second later.
At that last word, Sherlock broke.
“How long?” Was all he asked.
A week after Sherlock jumped, John stopped eating. He lost a nasty amount of weight and refused to eat because it caused him pain, and he wanted - needed - to feel something, anything.
Mycroft frowned. "Forget what those imbeciles said. It is completely normal, and believe it or not, I know what you're going through. As for John, I can't tell you what might happen on that front. I'm sorry."
but he tries so hard to ignore it. Sometimes he can, other times he has to find something to distract himself.
He thought he was doing something good, and nice, but it turns out it had only upset John and he hadn't wanted that. Sherlock couldn't stop thinking about it. How John looked as he entered the room: Angry. Sad. Hurt. It made Sherlock’s insides churn.
"I never meant to be gone for so long. Things happened. We tried to get back on time, I swear. But I guess time had other plans for us. Oh god, I should have never gone with him. I should have gone back inside, back to bed, with you. I shouldn't have left you. I've failed you, and I'm so, so sorry, my dear Watson." He snuffled.
"If anyone messes with you, you just tell them that your older brother is Mycroft Holmes; they'll back off instantly."
“Ah.”
Sherlock describes his life and events within a journal over the years.
His mother rushed to his side to feel his clothing and frowned.
John hadn’t talked to him in months since his return. Eight, to be exact. Eight months of no John. It hurt Sherlock more now than when he was away for two whole years.
“Sherlock, are you home?”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispers.
. - and made ourselves a cup of tea to calm our raging nerves. That night I don't think either of us slept for fear that we might be taken away in the middle of the night. Now that we know who Moriarty is and what he can do, it has us a bit worried. I only hope that I can protect John better in the future.
That’s the problem - he expected. Assumed.
“I’m not sure, but your brother said he bets on it each year.”
That this man is mine
The two ran around their dorm room, throwing pillows and all sorts of objects at one another.
He lay on his side, his mind completely quiet for once in all of the eight months of hell. He heard people entering the building, all too loudly for his liking, but he paid them no mind.
"You'll have to catch me!"
I must say, now that she's gone I find myself bored. She was an interesting case, and now that she's left, everything just seems so dull, per usual. Except John, of course. John is never boring; he can never get boring. Unless, of course, he's watching crap telly. Then he's dead to me.
Sherlock positively beamed at the chance to describe John.
I stayed at Bart's Hospital until John showed up. I was still stuck on what the code could possibly be, until John so graciously - unconsciously - reminded me with his tapping fingers. I informed Moriaty where to meet me and that I had what he left behind. A few moments after I sent the text, John received a phone call saying that Mrs. Hudson had been shot. I told him to go, and he called me a machine; quite right, I'm afraid. Even if it hurts to know.
"I love you, more," he replied.
Mycroft hums. "Interesting. Sherlock here wants to be a scientist."
Sherlock goes to school for the first time in his life. It goes well for a while, but some altercations happen. Don't fret, though; someone comes along to save the day.
Sherlock has a shocking revelation.
It took at least another ten minutes for him to relax enough to look at John.
That was how their parents found them - laughing and squirming away from each other.
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope you enjoy this story, and if you did not, then feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it? I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you! Also, you'll notice that I put Sara(h), which is because I don't know how the name is spelled correctly since there's different variations.
Sherlock nodded very fast this time. "I promise," he hiccuped.
Sherlock looked over at him. "Off balance? What? How?" He held onto the railings tightly.
Sherlock shifted nervously in his chair. “A-alright.”
Mycroft nodded and set about washing his hands, then helped Sherlock do the same. When they were finished, Mycroft took Sherlock by one of his hands and led the way to the dining room. He placed Sherlock in his usual spot before going to his.
There’s a certain story which ends with the words: “and when the stupid man closed his eyes, he felt naught but moving clouds in his heart.” I could totally relate to the stupid hero of this tale. The confusing medley of contradictory emotions that seized me after Sherlock’s return from the dead swirled in my head like moving clouds and could never be put into words.
In my opinion he lured Julian there under such or a similar pretext. Then, as they were discussing things inside, he handed Julian the drugged up tea and patiently observed how it slowly transformed his Cathar adversary into a catatonic, barely conscious dummy.
”But...”
That did it. I angered him too.
I'm afraid I was a bit impolite there. I overlooked that outstretched hand completely and gaped at Sherlock in stark disbelief.
I nestled against the counter, almost catatonic with fear and shock. Cold shivers rattled me and as everything went blurry, the series of disjointed visions flashed through my mind reeling off before me like the scenes from the movie.
“WHAT?”
I flinched at the mention of Rosalie's name. The outrageous idea flashed through my mind – but I couldn't quite believe it.
“A relative? You have relatives here?”
It was getting better and better. Fuming harshly, I dragged myself and the coffers over, flung them on the wagon-floor and boarded the wain. Then I sat next to the ladder lining the sidewall of the wagon, praying for this hell to be over soon.
And suddenly I saw these men as they probably really were, stripped of their pretences and their masks, free from all that religious fiddle-faddle – and all I beheld were two lovers trying to excuse their dalliance by sticking it behind the shield of a bizarre cult, which lent a semblance of respectability to their connection.
That was when something snapped suspiciously. In an instant, I felt much colder and wetter than before – not to mention the considerable draft around my backside.
Their eyes locked firmly. John voice lowered even more, changing into a whisper: “Yet you could never forgive me, babbling about Irene Adler that way, am I right?”
Before we managed to escape from the traitorous flood of light, I heard high-pitched squeaks, hysterical laughter and the clicks from at least two hundred cameras thundering above me.
Sherlock raised his eyes and pierced me with a sharp inquiring look. Still, his face relaxed a bit and he even smirked a little: “You knew it was me?”
“Nasty weather,” remarked John when the especially strong gust hit him to the back like some spheric cudgel.
And as it came out, there was more to it.
The boy raised his head in surprise and removed his cap, answering politely: “No, sir. Rosalie went out for a short walk to the river a few minutes ago. Told me she is not feeling well.”
During my temporary blackout, somebody covered the broken body of the poor wretch with a sheet. I was immensely grateful for that. Flashing lights were visible at the edge of Jubilee Gardens and I recognised the distinct figure of DI Lestrade standing grimly nearby with a group of his colleagues from the squad. They were all staring in one direction, up towards the Eye. Come to think of it, the rest of the crowd was observing something on the Eye too. Uncomprehending this sudden interest in the Ferris wheel in wake of the fresh tragedy, I raised my eyes as well and focused my stare on the big white construction high above me.
With the ground prepared for my act that way, I placed myself in front of the compartment door, knocked on it lightly and entered the small cell right after.
A short moment of silence ensued. Sherlock stood motionless, frozen even, his slanted pale eyes wide and dark all of a sudden.
The motive for his behaviour and his actions remains unseen and is the part of further investigation into the matter.”
But my personal safety was of little significance to me at that time. For in that instant I glimpsed Sherlock and my heart just stopped beating.
Finally, with a sigh, Lestrade surrendered and put the car-keys out of his pocket.
When we were seated safely inside, our hansom cab racing in the direction of Rue de l'Orb like crazy, I finally managed to ask Sherlock: “You are up to something. Did you get to the crux of the matter at last?”
“Now, it is my theory that a gang of five people in total were responsible for the crime. With the exception of Nijmeijer and his two butchers, Murray and De Vries were involved in it too. De Vries was responsible for stashing the diamonds in a safe place while Murray helped to get the criminals out of Amsterdam and into another country through his “North Sea Express”. They managed to realise their plan smoothly until they got to the UK. After that, something went wrong.”
Sherlock gave me an odd look: “We? You are not going in.”
I had a sudden urge to tear my hair out: “Sherlock! What the man did was illegal!”
He climbed the thin metal stairs and went out to the street. We could hear the muffled sound of his conversation from outside.
The sky over Brighton is overcast but it's fairly warm outside and so they decide to put good use of their time and to walk to the beach. At least John decides to do that. Sherlock disappears without a trace somewhere.
He weirdly emphasised the last word. I bowed my head in disappointment and obsessively rubbed the place where my late moustache grew a few days ago.
His eyes smile, mischief evident in the lines of his face. His palm already abandoned the unruly jungle of Sherlock's hair and is possessively grasping one of detective's beautifully sculpted thighs at the moment.
“Shit! Won’t make it!” I breathed out, my disenchantment obvious. I turned back to Sherlock… only to stare in shock when I found him removing his shoe.
Sherlock just shook his head quietly, his white profile pronounced in the darkness.
The little mussel remained in the room alone, resting peacefully in a glass of water placed next to the still whirring PC.
“I’m here to negotiate! Please, listen to me!” He called into the darkness inside, his voice strong and firm and his articulation slow and precise: “I’m not with the police. My name is Sherlock Holmes and I serve as the private consultant for various clients. I came here to talk to you about the conditions under which you are willing to release an officer who is currently in your hands. I will act discreetly to fulfil it – just name them!”
“It's Rue de la Citadelle, not very far from my own house.”
And before I could react in any way, he kissed Sherlock on one cheek, then on another and finally smacked the biggest of his kisses right at Sherlock's lips.
He raised this aluminium rod to the eye-level and minutely examined its grip. In the following moment, he raised the edge of his balaclava unexpectedly. Unusually pale, almost aristocratic face flanked with black beard and neat moustache slipped from under the mask, coupled with the pair of very dark, fiery eyes. The man narrowed those eyes and inspected the grip and the cuff again. He then clasped the grip into his palm firmly and swiftly screwed it off from the rest of the crutch.
“Oh, God!” An involuntary shudder passed through me.
I shook off my own coat, sat down on the edge of the bed I reserved for myself and I raised my head defiantly, my jaw all stiff and set.
The bearded bloke pierced Sherlock with the blazing glare right after.
Young lady jogger dressed in an almost transparent T-shirt passed by us at that very moment. Naturally distracted, I turned after her and whistled under my nose appreciatively.
Yet here we were.
“No, there were always small cells upheld by the adherents of the teaching. Among the Perfecti, the Elder Chosen One transferred all his status and power to the Younger Chosen One gradually. And so the movement survived to this very day.”
Staggering forward through the black fog, I reached for Sherlock and knelt by his side, touching him with shaking fingers.
He threw his Belstaff to the side and sat behind the PC, not sparing one last glance at John and immersing himself into the work immediately.
The gendarmes emerged from the gate of the house, their white-haired prisoner walking sluggishly in their midst. The police van was already opened and its black wagon with barred windows and wide-open doors looked like the mouth of some hungry beast lurking in the darkness, prepared to swallow its prey hungrily. The prisoner was scanning the amassed mob with murky eyes while being dragged to this movable cell and he managed to find Sherlock just before he was forced to board it. He stopped for a second and exchanged a long glance with him. Even through the distance, the sense of their mutual connection was palpable. Sherlock flinched as if he was hit right into solar plexus.
“Monsieur Holmes, you did a great service to the people of France today! Words can't convey the gratitude our country bestows at you feet just now! Your immense talent....”
At that time it was quite dark outside. Nevertheless, the street-lamps shining at the bank of the dock cast enough light for me to discern four silhouettes on board of the boat. Three were dark and shady all over – men wearing black balaclavas over their faces to make them unrecognisable. The fourth, obviously struggling with the others, was bare-headed with short-cropped greyish hair. Silver Fox.
He knew something was off with Culverton Smith when he first set eyes on him. And yet he abandoned Sherlock and left him in the power of that sleazy, untrustworthy individual without any compunction. The heart-rending grief, the profound sense of hurt and rage and Sherlock's well-meant, but entirely crazy antics veiled his eyes to the truth and hardened his heart… Things that were so hard to repair now.
The set of keys hung on a hook on the side-wall, just a short distance from us. But even that distance proved to be an insuperable problem for me. No matter how far I stretched out my hand, I could not reach it.
“Oh!” I ejaculated.
And there he was, my mad, mad Sherlock, balancing on the steps of the ladder. He was almost at the same height as the spindle of the Eye, so approximately 200 feet above the ground. How he managed to climb there, why he did it, that all was beyond my comprehension. He looked small and vulnerable up there, a toy for the elements and his black trousers and indigo shirt aggressively flapped against his lean figure as bouts of wind jogged against him.
And then it was over. The metal door closed with a loud whack. The coachman cracked the whip over the two black horses and the carriage diverged slowly to the crowded street, taking up speed, until it disappeared behind the nearest corner.
The aluminium crutch in question was recognised as the possession of De Vries. Apparently, he killed Murray with it and then, probably during the process of disposing of the body, he stepped on the vial containing the solution of hydrocyanic acid. The concentration of the substance was rather high. Our estimation surmises he was dead in less than two minutes.
“I would not give up your imperfection for the world.” He told me. “You should not worry about that. I assure you I was not involved with Julian because of his “perfection” either. At that time, I was simply happy to find somebody who shared my peculiar tastes. I was always aware I am not like others and I believed myself to be abnormal. Then I met a boy, Victor… but that connection never went past friendship.
“Yes, no problem.” Anderson, clearly worried, handed both requested items to Sherlock and moved back a bit, keeping a vigil over him while he was writing.
But something had to happen after that and he was disturbed, because he hid Julian's prone figure behind the half-closed door and he forgot to open it wide again, not realising how dumb it would look if he was found shot in such circumstances. I noticed it right away. The corpse could not be dead for long at the time we have discovered it. But if Julian was the one who supposedly killed the man, he was required to be sober just a short time ago and to docilely close the door on himself after he mortally injured his host. Yet he was drugged senseless, only just emerging from the high. It stuck me as very unusual and it was the first clue that led me to the truth eventually.
Unexpectedly, the assembled mob hummed in excitement. I turned my head after the source of the noise….
All in all, the whole arrangement was beautiful to look at. John stretched out his hand and touched the marble perfection of one of the inner thighs, caressing it lightly.
“It’s too late.” I gasped, breathing heavily.
Cough, cough!
However, as he was falling down, he overturned the coal scuttle and the resulting mess that ensued from the act constituted another clue against him, pointing me at the right direction in due time.”
After a minute of careful searching, John discovers him in front of the display window of some gloomy little shop. Detective is peeking inside intently and when John approaches, he turns to him with the fascinated glow dancing in his bright slanted eyes.
“Suicide? But… it can't be, for sure! How would he… why?”
Sherlock wore a self-deprecating grimace on his lips now: “Do you realise what had happened? The moment I believed I was spying them out of your office, I actually brought them in. That was De Vries’ joke at my expense, I guess. He hid them into the insignia of that jolly fellow Dionysus. And the Apollo’s bow contains the second batch of them, no doubt.”
I felt as if somebody threw a pitcher full of ice-cold water right into my face. I never expected that somebody could touch Sherlock like that in my presence and I was stunned by the realisation that this person just performed the unimaginable.
Lestrade was almost frantic by the time I appeared, floundering by the metal fence like a trapped rabbit. He cried out in relief when he spotted us and exclaimed: “John! John! What the hell happened? Sherlock… is he injured? And you? Are you all right? Tell me, for God’s sake!”
“I never knew kissing someone could - “ he stopped himself. He thought he was talking to himself before he remembered John was there.
"But what if mummy and father don't . . . what if they stop loving me? That's what this one kid said happens to people who aren't normal; and what if John stops being my friend?" Sherlock couldn't help the tears that escaped his eyes.
Sherlock used to hate Halloween; the reason he gave John was that he found it to be preposterous, asking strangers for candy dressed up in ridiculous outfits. But John, seeing a small emotion flicker across Sherlock’s face, asked Mycroft about it one day.
John continued to hold him and began to run his hands up and down his back in a soothing manner.
