“More, there needs to be more,” John whispered.  “Quickly, please.”
“Has Candlar been in touch since all of this happened?”
Sherlock pulled John away from the sink and turned him in his arms, then gave him a light, chaste kiss.  “You finish the bloody washing up then.  I’ll wait for you in bed. Don’t be long.”
“Could I tempt you to put them back on?”
John pressed the ‘play’ button to start the disc.  The computer whirred, the screen flickered and Mary appeared on the screen.
“You’ve bought me here so I can pretend to be a moderately intelligent ex-Army Doctor with an adrenalin problem?  Need I point out that I have more important things to do?  The Portuguese have demanded the Prime Minister’s help with the insufferable Marquês de Evora. That won’t sort itself out, you know.”
“I don’t want to text,” Sherlock said as he held his phone out of John’s reach. “I wanted to see how much seminal fluid an Alpha in rut normally discharges in one sexual encounter with his Omega, John.” He spoke with the conviction of a man who assumed everyone would know why this was important.
Sherlock pulled John on top of him. They were on the bed, fresh out of the bath.
“Jesus,” John said.
“Thanks for being here.”
Sherlock stood and removed his trousers. "Anything in Mary's video I need to worry about?"
“Of course, and you’ll be quite safe.” Sherlock flannelled with all his power of flannelling and hoped he’d be able to keep his promise when he said, “I have exceptional self-control and I can promise not to lay a finger on you.”
So, quite a bit happens in this chapter and it's rolled up and delivered with a small helping of bathtime fun.  Once more, I need to apologise for Scottish people for my cruelty to their accent. I wonder if anyone here knows about a lad called Jim Reid who happens to be in his band with his brother, William?  I stole his name and his nationality with nothing but love.  My Jamie isn't anything like Jim Reid, I'm sure.  The band, of course, is The Jesus and Mary Chain - go look up a song called 'Happy When It Rains' if you want a quick blast of their genius.  I think of them as a Scottish Ramones, but that might just be me.
“Yes, yes, hurry John.”  Sherlock pulled him where he wanted him by the hair.
“And drank?”
Sherlock inserted a third finger with little resistance.  John clutched at Sherlock’s arm to physically pull his digits further inside.  Sherlock’s cock twitched in sympathy as he let John guide his fingers in and out increasingly rapidly.  Sherlock reached for John’s cock and gave it a few steady tugs.
“Well,” John said. “It’s up to you, but I thought I might see if Rosie will go back to sleep for an hour or so with a clean nappy. Then, I could take you back to bed and try out my blow job technique.”
Sherlock snorted. He wouldn’t have ever expected John to leave.  John was a doctor, a soldier. He was supposed to be good in a crisis.
“No need,” Sherlock looked over at John, who pulled the envelope containing their findings out of his pocket.   He passed it to Mycroft and explained the contents.
“Thank you,” John said. “For taking her. When did you get in?”
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock scanned John’s appearance for clues. He was dressed in jeans and a light jumper, was newly showered, smelt delicious, and he looked quite wonderful. His calm demeanour was, however, forced. John turned and started to make tea.
John washed Sherlock first. At first, he washed him in perfunctory steps. That stopped when he reached Sherlock’s back and he traced every scarred line with tender touches. By the time John reached the curve of Sherlock’s arse, those touches turned intimate. Sherlock turned. By the time he was clean, he was panting and his cock was ghosting white trails on John’s belly.
Rosie’s car seat was already in place and Mycroft took her from Sherlock’s arms to strap her into the car.  Sherlock climbed into the black Jag next to her.  Once Mycroft was seated, the driver steered the car out of the hospital complex and onto London’s streets.
“More intimate than sharing your heat?” Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
Genius
Sherlock looked concerned.  “I think we should move, now.”
“John.” Sherlock nestled his face against John’s neck until he could almost taste his relaxed satisfaction and simmering heat. The love he had for the man in his arms seemed too big, too strong an emotion to contain. But, all the same, a boy who was taught emotion was a weakness silenced the man who knew it wasn’t. John stirred in his arms.
The first thing John pulled out of the box was a rectangular packet.  John ripped open a corner and took a sharp inhale of breath. He thrust the package at Sherlock.  Inside was a thick bundle of perhaps several hundreds, or more, fifty-pound notes.  Sherlock put the cash down on the table.
Sharan crawled up off the floor and opened the outside door of her cab.  She jumped down and reached up to take Rosie’s seat.  John jumped down beside her, took Rosie’s seat and looked down the length of the train’s exterior.
“Different dads,” Tyler said. “Mum’s life was chaos to say the least.”
“Now, I understand. He should be on his way from Portsmouth now.” Mycroft took his phone from his pocket and read a text.  “Hmmm, we may have a problem.”
“Oi, no texting, wanker.” John tried to tap the phone from Sherlock’s hand. In doing so, he removed his hand from Sherlock’s bum and that disappointed them both.
John was sat on the bed and leant back on his elbows, his trousers tented at the crotch.  “Want to get rid of some of my clothes now?”  His smile was sex and heaven.  He sat up, lifted his hands and offered himself to Sherlock.  Dangerous.  Sherlock threw a leg over John, sat in his lap and pulled off his rugby shirt.   He touched the silvery bumps of John’s gunshot wound with his fingers and then his tongue.
“We’re a bit bad at this, aren’t we?” Sherlock sighed.  The line between real and not real was difficult.  He started to feel the need for some assistance. “Come on in.”
“You really need to see this,” John demanded.  He walked over to Sherlock and put the card between Sherlock’s face and the computer screen.
Nevertheless, Sherlock lifted one of John’s legs over his shoulder, the other over his hip. There was a burst of intimate pressure and a breach, and then John closed his eyes as he lost himself to the pleasure of his body opening up and taking in Sherlock’s cock. John hadn’t had a real Alpha cock in years and he revelled in the warmth, the hard-softness, and the close body contact. John opened his eyes to see Sherlock judder with suppressed desire. Sherlock made several slow, shallow thrusts and John almost screamed with frustration. He wanted Sherlock deep. He wanted to get fucked.
“We’re here!”
Well, this is uncomfortable in more ways than one, Mycroft thought.  He sat, wedged into a corner of the helicopter.  To his left sat Sherlock and next to him, sat John. Rosie’s car seat was strapped into a smaller seat opposite them.  Mycroft wished, even though he didn’t normally mix with the proles, that he’d sat next to the pilot.
Langridge’s – the whore house in question – is partly based on places like Aspinall’s Casino and the Ritz Casino in London. They’re beautifully and extravagantly decorated for their wealthy, mostly male, clientele.
“I’ve wanted you for so long,” John said. He reached out a hand, which Sherlock took, and dragged him down onto the bed.  The kiss they shared started gently and then turned desperate. John rolled Sherlock onto his back and kissed him with real passion.
Sherlock found a packet of baby wipes, cleaned lint off the anal vibrator and slicked it with lube.  All the time, he barely stopped watching John.  When he finally stopped John’s exertions, his hole was open and wet with lube. The vibrator slipped in easily and Sherlock used its remote to put it on the lowest setting.
“Cold,” Sherlock ground out. John wiggled his finger against Sherlock’s prostate. “Nevermind.”
“It’s a possibility.” Sherlock crossed his legs.  “I won’t say it will happen, but it might.  It’s better that we’re here, just in case. After all, I think we saved lives last time.”
To John’s surprise, their suggestion was greeted warmly. He wondered if Lestrade had given Sherlock a hard talk while he and Sally chatted.
“How about I get them out and then you can decide?” John said. He pulled a flat, metal trunk out from under the bed, got the key from his bedside table drawer, and opened it up. From inside, he pulled out the canvas bag where he kept his sex toys and lube. “Here.” He chucked the bag onto the bed.
“You know it’s Mycroft. Mycroft.”
“You’re so fucking hot,” John said after he pulled away.  “I’ve never been with anyone who wants me, gets so excited for me, like you do.”  He stroked Sherlock’s hair. “Do you have any idea how that makes me feel?  It’s like I’m a sex god.”
“It’s on the counter, there.” Tyler pointed to a clear bottle.
“Fill me,” John whispered.  “Come on, love.  I want to feel you.”
“Servicing?”  Sherlock turned to face Charles.  “Please, elucidate.”
“I might be able to help with that.” John smiled. He was embarrassed, yet again. This
“It’s not the best vessel.” Sherlock watched the action through his phone screen. “Hard to gauge volume. I may have to steal the bowl.”
Beyoncé?
John and Sherlock are back at Langridge's, where Fabian is helping them to test their suspect.  Flirting ensues.  Who will catch who and for what?
“Do we have to tell the Drugs Squad, chief?” Sally asked Lestrade.  She put down the bag containing the butt plug and moved forward.  “Can’t we claim that we don’t know what’s going to happen?  If it weren’t for John and Sherlock we wouldn’t have a clue, if we even found this at all.”
“But he was allergic to ibuprofen and non-steroidal anti-inflammatories, wasn’t he?”  Sherlock asked.  Langridge nodded.  “Lestrade, when you run tests on the lubricant, you will find that the bottle contains ibuprofen gel.  Now, we need a list of all the people in this building who were present tonight and for the death of Jason. I’d also like the names of those who knew Brandon had an ibuprofen allergy.”
Sherlock crawled around behind John. He watched for a while; two of John’s blunt fingers pushed inside that puckered entrance and stretched it all for Sherlock.   He grabbed the bottle of lube and emptied some on his fingers.  “Ready?” he asked and slipped a finger in,  alongside John’s.
“Please, John,” Sherlock said. He looked up without a clue of how well he hid the roil of emotions and thoughts he felt. There was the slightest nod and John’s hand in his hair turned from a grasp to a caress. Sherlock tugged John’s twitching cock through the gap in his pants.
Eyes shut tight and mouth full of expensive linen, Sherlock trembled on the edge of release.
Sherlock realised, when he nodded, how heavy his head was. How tired he was. He allowed John to settle him into bed. He was sure John climbed in beside him. He didn’t remember anything else. When he woke the next morning, he was naked and alone.
Charles Langridge looked harried.   The thick bags beneath his eyes betrayed to Sherlock that the murders in his club had clearly affected his bottom line.  The rather buoyant mood he’d exhibited in their previous encounters was no more.
“Can you reach around me to the dildo?” Sherlock slid close to John’s back and his cock slipped between John’s arse cheeks. “Try and, oh!” John rotated the toy slightly. “Well, I think we can class that as a success.”
https://www.pinterest.co.uk/theponderingape/complexityfractals/?lp=true
Proofed by Lockedinjohnlock, who has tamed by grammar and punctuation and, in this chapter at least, corrected my brain-freeze over 'of'.  I was clearly broken by this point.  Remaining errors are mine.
“Like what?” In the time it took John to even begin to reply, Sherlock pounced for the bedside table. “Lube,” he said by way of explanation and soon retrieved his bottle of the stuff.
“Fine,” Sherlock agreed.  “That makes sense.”
When Sherlock looked up, John’s eyes were heavy-lidded. His breaths heaved in and out of his chest, and he struggled to focus enough to rub his cock.  John met his gaze when Sherlock slipped his hand out a little and gently manoeuvred it back to where it had been. With another twist, his hand sunk into John up to the wrist. A bolt of arousal shot through them both and the look they shared turned wide-eyed.
Sherlock flushed.  He shook his head hesitantly.  “Not, well, not, well…”
“Could be arranged,” John said.  He walked into Sherlock’s arms and put his hands around Sherlock’s waist.   They rocked slowly to the soft music.
“Fuck, but what if we get carried away?”  John asked.  “You know what new relationships are like when you’re all over each other.”
John returned to his seat. Sherlock stood, looking at the paintings on the wall of Langridge’s office.
“Oh, fucking fuck, yes.” John didn’t know whether to thrust up into Sherlock’s mouth or back against the dildo, so he simply writhed on the sheets. Sherlock fucked and sucked him lazily until John was utterly incoherent, and then Sherlock stopped.
“I think his neck’s broken,” John muttered. “Has anyone called 999?”  John began CPR.  It was pointless, useless, he knew it was, but what else was there to do?
“How many were there?”
Sherlock’s gaze returned to Langridge. “And how much of that money ends up in your pocket?”
“Where on earth did you learn to give blow-jobs like that?” John asked from his prone position. Sherlock was back in bed. John thought about getting up. “Actually, don’t tell me. I may be forced to hunt whoever you practised on down and kill them.” John's legs shook but he managed to stand and then ineptly pulled on his pants. “Fuck.”
“All of those things, I mean all of them,” Sherlock insisted. “Please, John.”
He took his drink over to the desk, opened his laptop and started to write a blog post he didn’t intend to publish.
Reluctantly, Sherlock pulled his fingers from John.  He used his robe to scrub the lube from his dildo.  He watched the men opposite while he caressed John as his fake release ebbed.   Murphy fucked the stranger with deep, hard thrusts.  The unknown man remained still while Reid used the swing to rock against him.  His eyes were still closed, but the discomfort seemed to have passed.  He emitted throaty grunts as he fucked and was fucked.
Sherlock grinned. John had the impression that Sherlock rather liked Reid, despite his rough edges and his attitude to drugs.  He leant forward. “If you were a policeman or a detective, who would you look at if there was anyone distributing drugs?”
Hell, God, why did Sherlock mention handcuffs? John suddenly wanted to be handcuffed to a bed for Sherlock.
“Unless you know how this man died, the police will need to investigate.” John started to count out loud. He tried to blank out the voices of the men around him, the great, the good and the definitely-not-so-good, who mumbled about their wives, their boyfriends, their jobs, their constituents.  John bit it all back and concentrated on Charles’ voice telling everyone that Dr Watson was right, and that the doors would be locked.  Even still, John knew, he
“You’re a bad man,” John replied but moved all the same. He rested his feet on Sherlock’s thighs.  He moaned when Sherlock soaped and massaged his feet.
Sherlock walked over to John, pulled him into a rough kiss.  He took a step back and grinned.  “I love you, Dr Watson.”
“I thought you wanted to talk about my sex life?” Sherlock demanded even John’s breath ghosted over the head of his cock and oh, oh.
“Really.”
Sherlock focused on John, who met his gaze with a frown. “You? Well, it is, er… I think, well. That is to say that, well, I, um, yes… and no? Where were we?” Sherlock’s mind fizzed. Did John want his mind? His body? Oh God, Sherlock thought,
“You won’t be my first,” Sherlock admitted. “Just because I live in a relatively celibate way now, does not mean that it was always the case. However, I want you to know that the men I’ve shared a heat with before were just men.”
“Shall we sleep like this?” John sped his movements a little and, as an afterthought, fucked his come into Sherlock’s navel with his thumb. “Covered in each other’s scent, marking each other, reeking of sex. Maybe I’ll make you go to crime scenes smelling of my come, Sherlock. Would you like that? Everyone knowing that my Alpha is owned just as he owns me?”
.  Amongst other things, a substantial amount of Sodium oxybate was taken. That’s rare; it’s not inexpensive or difficult to get hold of. Stealing from a pharmaceutical company is too risky. However, the drug used in the compound from Langridge’s is consistent with the product Basie Pharmaceuticals make.  The most recent robbery was in Portugal.”
“One.”
“Do you really think that Langridge’s is closed, brother-mine?”   Mycroft grinned.  He lifted his umbrella, spun it and thumbed the end back down onto the wooden floor.  “Charles reopened the brothel yesterday.  Boys will have their boys.”  His eyes flicked to John who steadfastly ignored him.
Sherlock’s knot, suitably chastened, deflated a little. He closed his eyes and thought of very, very unerotic things, mostly involving Mycroft, until he shrank enough to ease himself free. A steady stream of come leaked from John’s arse and pooled onto the poor, mistreated kitchen lino. Immediately, John reached up and grabbed the tea-towel from where it was draped over the oven door and pressed it against his bum. He held it there while he stood accompanied by many groaning and crunchy noises. Sherlock huffed. It was all very practical, but he’d robbed Sherlock of the erotic, Alpha-pleasing sight of his spunk running down John’s legs. He huffed louder.
I do hope you like Sharan. She's based on a train driver from a documentary about the London Underground. She was a very calm presence and, well, she loved her train.  RAF Benson is in South Oxfordshire and, in my head, Sharan has a home-counties/rural Oxfordshire accent mashup.  The Oxfordshire/Buckinghamshire rural accent is a bit like the West country accent. I tried to find an example, but couldn't. :-(
Nathan’s eyes were wide.  Sherlock realised that his response was rather more Sherlockian than something Aaron would say.
“My heat. Started.” John sat on the bed and put his arms around his stomach. “Nearly.”
“What are you talking about?” Sherlock pushed himself up onto one elbow. “Like what?”
“John?”  Sherlock had been lying on the sofa deep in thought. He tipped himself off, onto his hands and knees, then crawled over to John.  “Are you injured?”
“I know,” Sherlock replied as he cleared plates from the table.  “I’m in the process of cataloguing her sleep times and how they relate to sunlight and stimuli. Nothing that would disturb her. It’s interesting what sounds she’s used to. She hardly notices me playing the violin.”
“Sex. Love. All of it.” John rested his hand against Sherlock’s cheek. “I didn’t know it could feel like that. Like this.”
“I dislike that word, Mr Holmes.  You can ask Dr Watson if I ever encouraged him to have sex with anyone here.  I simply rent rooms to gay gentlemen so they can entertain their friends.  We’re like any other gentleman’s club in that we charge a fee, in this case, that fee is an hourly one. It is entirely up to the men that work here what they do in the privacy of their rooms.   When I met Jason, he informed me that he was living on the streets and performing sexual favours in order to eat. I offered him a place to stay. Some of my boys live here, you know. Of course, since Simon and Jason met, they had their own flat. Others, like Fabian, consider this to be their home.”
“Don’t worry, John,” Sherlock murmured.  “I suspect Tyler won’t mind.”
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and noticed that they still trembled.  He dribbled lube into his cock.   John turned and reached out to slick his own hand.  That done, he lay down on his side.
Sherlock grinned and then repeated the action while rubbing John’s perineum.  His blue eyes radiated enjoyment.
“There were several robberies across Europe from Basie Pharmaceuticals
In its own way, this fic was about how, in my mind, John got rid of Mary's ghost and got round to some Sherlock lovin'.  Of course, there's a case and everything, but once this fic is done, I - as well as John - have exorcised her from my world.  They are not her Baker Street boys. (They're mine.... mwahahahahahaha!) (Not really) (But sort of).
“Forgot what?” John asked. When his gaze met Sherlock’s it was electric blue, and, oh, Sherlock’s chest felt as though it’d explode.
I’m sorry
“What do you want?” Sherlock said when he saw John.  He waved a hand. “Go back to bed.”
“None of my men are on the train,” read Mycroft’s text.  “Whoever you can see, please believe me when I say that they weren’t sent by me.”
John stroked Sherlock’s chest.  “It could be as simple as you’re more relaxed some days than others.”
“If I’ve got to have things up my bum all afternoon,” Sherlock replied. “I need to use the bathroom.”
“I love that first feeling when your cock breaches me.  It’s amazing.” John raised and dropped quickly, his body arched backwards.
John grimaced.  “We need to speak to the man who was having sex with Brandon then.”
Langridge’s was the same as ever.  As John stood in the ground floor lobby, looking up at the floors of rooms above, he heard various moans, cries and laughs.  The bricks seemed to be infused with sex and decadence.  Simon ran downstairs from the first floor and rushed over to John, Sherlock and Lestrade.  His eyes glistened with barely dammed tears as he threw his arms around John.
Below him, Sherlock dipped his hands in sticky come and shoved some of it back inside John with his fingers. Then he painted John’s buttocks, his hole and his thighs with the fluid. “I wish you could stay full of me, John,” Sherlock whispered. “So there was always some of me inside you. And any other Alpha would know that you were more than my bondmate. That you were mine, inside and out.”
John wrapped a leg around Sherlock’s body. He began to mutter words Sherlock’s brain could not fit to a form.   For a moment, Sherlock remained on the edge between the journey and the ecstasy.  John silently screamed below him, eyes shut tight. Then the tension drained and his eyes opened. Eyes locked, Sherlock came with a moan that seemed to rumble through his body.  John’s lips found his and they shuddered through their after-shocks, drunk on each other’s pleasure.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and stared at Sherlock. He saw too much, as always.  “You’re actually hurt, aren’t you?   I trust that you intend to cease your romantic entanglement with Dr Watson for this little stunt?  It really wouldn’t do for you to be mawkish and take him back.”
Mark Tyler was escorted to hospital with three others to be treated for whatever drug they were given.  Lestrade took statements from everyone else.   Charles Langridge had threatened to throw out anyone from Langridge’s who took or distributed to drugs.   Things did not look good for Fabian.
John’s brain went slightly haywire.  Sherlock, who was a control freak and a bossy bastard, would let John call the shots.  Sherlock, the man who loved the big reveal and to expose secrets, would leave John in command.   They would only do what he was comfortable with.  The responsibility Sherlock had given to John was huge.  Sherlock was his, no matter that he argued with the idea of possession.
“Yup.  Him and the dude with his rock. Oops, now the dude’s been shot in the leg.  He’s dropped the rock.”
“So, what can we do for you to show our appreciation?” the woman asked.
“Do you have any more adrenalin?”
So yeah, I'm posting this early.  I'm a rugby fan and England sucked in the Six Nations (European rugby tournament) this year  (it finished yesterday), so I needed some cheering up, frankly.   Ireland, which is my second favourite team, was immense and Scotland, my third favourite, have improved remarkably.  However... England finished fifth of six.  They won the whole tournament last year. What the everloving fuck?
“Indeed,” John confirmed as he walked towards the A&E doors.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
“I didn’t want to do it, you know.” Shaw began to sob.  “I never wanted to.”
John put his hand over Sherlock’s.  “I know.  It’s fine.  It’s just all been a bit quick.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock replied. “Just one more thing. Is that a baked bean in your ear?”
John hung up his phone and continued to try and dress Sherlock, who was still unconscious. As a doctor, he knew it was probably due to nothing more than dehydration and low blood sugar. As an afraid lover, he was concerned that he’d killed his boyfriend, or that the world’s only consulting detective might become, at best, a cabbage.
“I suspect that people in Glasgow heard that, Greg,” John shook his head and rubbed his ear.  “I‘d keep it down later, if I were you.”
“Doesn’t sound like you,” John replied. His tone was warm and his eyes glittered.
“Two fingers.” John smiled again. And, oh, there was love in that smile. Sherlock couldn’t resist responding in kind, and, Lord, if watched on they’d be hideously nauseated by the display. However, even in the blazing light of mutual affection, doubt crept in. Just a little bit.
“Hello gorgeous one,” Molly said, as Sherlock, John and Rosie arrived.  She walked straight up to Sherlock and took Rosie from his arms.  “You’re just the best thing I’ve seen all week aren’t you beautiful?”
Sherlock nodded.
“Sherlock,” John said. He smiled.  “Can I get out?”
“You fucking wanker,” Murphy shouted.  “You’re a dead man.”  Several uniformed officers ran down to take control of Lestrade’s prisoner and started to pull him away.
“I’ve never met an Alpha who wanted to be penetrated,” John mused. “Although, if this place keeps dildos the size of Omega cocks, it’s clearly not entirely out of the ordinary.” John crooked his finger and the response was swift. “Hello. Your winky’s started to pay attention.”
Sherlock peered over one shoulder, nostrils flared as he caught John’s scent. He spun and stalked toward the door, eyes narrowed and feral.
“Yeah, it bloody does,” John agreed. He kissed Sherlock’s cheek. “Sleep, love. I’ll take care of you.”
“Fine,” Sherlock muttered.
John obliged him, pressing a tender, open-mouthed kiss to the firm bud and teasing the tip with the tip of his tongue. “Would you like me to…suck?”
“There wasn’t time to have it painted,” Sherlock said, gesturing at the room. “But I thought…if Emily were to…visit…”
Kit pressed in against John’s knees. “Can we go see Angelo for supper? And have l’zana?”
John shook his head. “It really helps, you saying that, but I don’t think that decision will be in my hands.” He paused, brow furrowing. “The only way to keep Mary from Magnussen right now is to let Mycroft send her to some secure prison somewhere. They’d take the baby and I just—I know what Mary is and what she’s done, but I still don’t think I could do that to her.” John licked his lips nervously. “And what if David is still in the picture?”
Mycroft could tell John was choking back his own tears as Sherlock fell apart.
“Not for me, thanks,” John said lightly.
“It was necessary,” Sherlock said raggedly. “There’s a lot at stake.”
“Off we go, then,” John grinned at him, taking his hand.
“Easy, now,” John gentled. He returned his hand to Sherlock's cock and began to stroke again. “My little Mauna Loa.”
Dr. Awiti shook her head. “Your hormones have balanced perfectly. Ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vaginal opening—all in excellent condition. And Sherlock, your sperm count and motility are excellent.”
John grimaced and reached back into his sack for his contraband service revolver. He tucked it into the waistband of his trousers. “Ready.”
“Awful.”
John felt his throat constricting. His fingers shook a little as they moved carefully over the ravaged flesh of Sherlock’s hip to remove the soiled bandage. He tried to ignore the flat plain of the man’s abdomen, the delicate trail of dark hair that led to…
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “Oh, they can keep an eye out. It was a long shot anyway.”
“Sister?” John said finally. “Who’s sister? What the hell is going on?”
“Fortunately, no. Sherlock got it out right away. He just thought we should all leave the house while he aired it out. Mrs. H went to Mrs. Turner’s next door.”
Sherlock nodded once.
“We haven’t,” John said firmly. “I work. And I go on cases with you. And you do your fair share around here.”
They might leave a stain; Sherlock would keep the shirt forever if they did.
John dug his fingertips into Sherlock’s back, pressing them chest to chest, and stretched up to suck a love mark into the delicate, pale skin of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock could not be still, though. He wiggled and squirmed until he had aligned his pelvis with…
Harry snorted into the phone.
John pulled back and blinked at him. “Oh. Well, then.”
“Do you want to suck my cock?”
“Where does this go in?”
“Ah, I see Mycroft left some things out when he visited you earlier. No body because it is very likely she is not dead.”
“Oh, right,” John had replied, a bit stunned. “You’re going on to Penzance, then?”
And now his watch informed him that he’d been standing outside the flat for nearly ten minutes and he hadn’t heard a thing from either one of them.
John entered the room slowly—cautiously, Sherlock thought—swiping his hands over his hips.
____________________________________________
John snorted. “Yes, you will.”
John snorted. “Let’s not get too fanciful, hmmm?” he teased. “It’s enough to know that you’ll be by my side and we’ll deal with everything together. That’s how I want things to be from now on. We do this together or not at all.”
“Oh,” he breathed, suddenly looking down.
“Easy, corporal. I’m just going to take a little taste…”
“We most certainly have. More than once. Last time just a month ago,” Sherlock insisted, He grabbed at John’s hand. “Only then it was my turn to have a crisis.”
“I like it,” John said firmly.
“No. No, I’m fine,” John protested. He was relieved that Kit had the alpha pheromones he’d clearly been yearning for, but John was still a bit panicked by the idea of leaving him.
Mary shook her head. “I knew you wouldn’t come without a very good reason. And you are such a good doctor—so caring and so gentle. I certainly want you to continue practicing after we bond.”
“Your work, too,” the girlfriend reminded him.
John hummed his approval and proceeded to apply the same attention to Sherlock’s other nipple. By the time he’d tasted his fill, Sherlock was grinding against his hip, the bulge in his light woollen trousers begging to be touched. John happily obliged, dragging his fingers over the length of him. He sought Sherlock’s flies and made quick work of them, delving within.
John smirked. “Oh, yeah. Honestly, I was going to mention it sooner, but I got side tracked with that embezzlement case.”
“There we are, sweetheart,” the doctor whispered tenderly, covering her with the crushed velvet throw. John smoothed the blonde fringe from her brow. “And aren’t you going to get a surprise when you wake up and see what Uncle Sherlock has done.”
The work was, in fact, far more complex than it first appeared. The artist had created two separate skulls, layered one over the other. A black skull had been painted onto the blue marbled background, and a silver one on cut perspex was placed slightly above it. Four bolts separated the two sections.
“Seems he’s a bit of a fan,” Lestrade continued.
“Your age is just fine,” Dr. Awiti said patiently. “Look, you need to relax and let this happen. Stop worrying about it and focus on the reasons you want to have this baby. Focus on each other. Focus on making love.”
“John…”
Sherlock stared into the slightly glazed eyes, biting his lip. There were several ways the situation could progress, of course, but only one that would provide him with the needed data. He opted, as he usually did, for the least prudent course of action.
“What became of them?”
John shook his head, keeping his attention on the injection and trying not to look as Sherlock bared his upper body.
“Thanks, Sylvia,” John said.
“Good.” John nodded and waited for Sherlock to re-dress. “Now there are a few other things we should discuss at your next appointment. How long until your rut sets in?”
“Oh, that’s lovely,” Greg crowed. “Now it’s my turn!” He turned his head to plant a kiss on Kit’s cheek, but blew a raspberry there instead.
“Painting,” Sherlock replied. He picked it up again and proceeded to wedge it into the back seat of Lestrade’s car.
John swallowed the tears of shame that threatened as he tapped out his reply.
John stiffened in his chair. “I don’t do a ‘thing.’ It’s just the way I speak.”
“Oh, I bet they’re right around the corner,” John said brightly. “Honestly, I had basically given up when I met Sherlock.”
“B-burning. So hot. Aching. I need you to touch me.”
John was bouncing on his heels as they waited on the train platform at Victoria Station. He was wearing Sherlock’s favourite khaki green jacket. John hadn’t worn it in some time—not since Baskerville, Sherlock thought ruefully. It suited him well, though, and made for a sharp-casual travelling look when paired with dark denims and plaid shirt.
“And Papa’s been helping, has he?”
“There,” Sherlock said blandly, seemingly unaware of the picture he made sitting shirtless in John’s pleasantly grey office.
Mycroft returned his gaze to Sherlock and scoured him top to toe. Both eyebrows then shot towards his receding hairline. He opened his mouth to speak, closed it again, and then cleared his throat.
He dug to the bottom of the pack to no avail. He had completely forgotten to put in his shaving kit. No toothbrush, no hairbrush, no razor, no deodorant.
John shrugged. “That’s my job.”
“Ah,” Sherlock said.
John cocked his head. "Well, no. It was pretty quiet. Which was good because I wanted to be home on time."
“Well, yes, but look at me!”
John nuzzled the top of Sherlock’s head. “I’ve never been very good at being a civilian.”
“David has been taken to the airstrip in Cornwall. He and Mary will be evacuated to their new location as soon as possible. She will be debriefed there by ground personnel.”
John opened and closed his mouth several times. There was so much he wished to say. So much he needed to ask. He reached up to brush an inky curl from Sherlock’s forehead, sweeping over scarred flesh as he did. “You’re alive,” he breathed.
“She’ll be okay, but—damn it all to hell!!” John spat. “Why must people be like this? Why can’t they just accept and love their kids the way they are?”
Sherlock stared at the artwork for long moments. He swallowed hard against the fluttering of tenderness he felt for his parents, for thinking of it, and—grudgingly—his brother, for seeing it done.
______________________________________
“Shall we go out and see if Kit has finished his lunch?”
Sherlock followed, still searching his memory for… “OH! Oh, my god. He’s here. Somewhere in the cellar!”
“With Sherlock a murderer.”
Sherlock turned his head and captured John’s mouth. What had been sweet and searching rapidly became heated. John drew on Sherlock’s bottom lip, grazing it with his teeth. Sherlock moaned his agreement.
Sherlock pulled John into the plane of his own body and dropped his chin to John’s shoulder. He was very quiet for a few minutes. John stroked his back and waited.
“I realize this is a great deal to take in.”
“Bye, Kit,” Greg said gently. “Maybe you and I could go to the park one day next week?”
“Will,” Margaret whispered, not wanting to disrupt the baby. She eased herself down into a well-worn rocking chair by the fire. “Why don’t you take John upstairs to rest? I dare say he could use it, poor lamb.”
John shifted awkwardly, squeezing up against his companion to be able to push the door closed behind them. The blue and beige, closet-sized space was narrow, of course, as train compartments were wont to be—John thought he’d almost be able to span the width with his arms. And lengthwise it was not much bigger. There was barely enough room for the two of them to stand face to face beside the berths, both of which were neatly made with crisp white sheets and duvets.
“Can it, indeed?” Sherlock quirked a brow.
He shivered, finally acknowledging the damp chill of the night air. He was exhausted and he knew he needed to be somewhere quiet.
“Of course, son.”
“Sorry, sorry, sorry,” Sherlock muttered, trying to gather himself…and failing to when facing the lovely warmth of John’s chest against his own. The lovely feel of John’s plaid shirt where his fingers clung to the fabric over John’s shoulders. The hint of John’s after-shave and the homely scent of whisky and spicy Chinese food. He didn’t want to stand up. He didn’t want to let go.
“That’s probably Greg,” John said, jumping to his feet.
John was never afraid of physical affection during their aftercare sessions. Sherlock would sit in his lap and John would land kisses on his head, his forehead, his cheeks. But never on his lips.
--------
Mrs Hudson frowned as she returned to her flat, quietly muttering something about a spoon and luck. John made sure the little animals had sufficient food and water before leaving the room.
“Sherlock, is it that lady?” Lestrade probed, carefully watching Sherlock’s expression.
Sherlock almost hated John for having sex with him that night. How could he torture him like that?
John felt awkward, not knowing what to say. He didn't know what the offense was, and Sherlock was already guilty. Right now, this was all about atonement. He continued spanking, Sherlock's arse turning a rosy pink color.
"I guess I'll have to continue where Basic French left off." John said, remembering the horrid class.
"I just wanted him to stop." Sherlock said softly, trying in vain to wipe away the dried blood on his face. He delicately placed his hands over his ears. His own breathing sounded too loud, flooding his mind. His heart was still thudding rapidly, a too fast drumbeat within his chest. Everything was too much. He felt bile rise up in the back of throat and struggled to swallow it.
“Well, I’m fairly certain we’re not supposed to give away any details, but we’ve just finished a pretty massive case. Human trafficking.” The way John pushed back his hair when he spoke was the biggest tell of his shameless flirting.
John could feel it when Sherlock landed back on earth. They were stepping out the cab and onto Baker Street when Sherlock suddenly stiffened and inhaled deeply, turning to gauge his surroundings.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "It's most likely a drunken fabrication your memory created to fill in the gaps of the events of yesterday." His voice rambled like a speeding train screeching to a sharp stop. John peered at Sherlock, thinking hard.
"Will you two be drinking like that again? I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper, and definitely not your nanny!" She asked, only half serious.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "It doesn't sound like I have a choice."
John nodded, fully realizing the true disaster this situation was. "I'm coming with you."
“John, remember. I’ve been smoking, look,” Sherlock dug his hand in his pocket, retrieving the empty pack of cigarettes, waving it in front of him. “Can’t you see, I even smell like cigarette-“
-------
“Sherlock, you are the rest of my life.”
Sherlock edged closer to the staircase that led to his room. “No, come on. I already understand what I’ve done and you need to rectify it. I know what I did and-“
John nodded. "Next time we'll just get dinner." He made a mental note that Sherlock and alcohol were not a good combination. "Did you at least put the cake away?"
“You know you can tell me anything, anything at all. I’ve known you nearly two years, and we’ve  agreed to avoid lying.”
John nodded a few times before actually opening his mouth to speak. “Okay, yeah. 7 okay?”
Lestrade paused. He had told Sherlock he wouldn’t tell John about the smoking. “Very upset. You need to go talk to him right now.”
He heard no audible reply, only Sherlock nodding his head yes as he wiped at his face with his hand. John decided to leave the punishment at that. All Sherlock had needed was to release his pent up guilt.
"You're doing nothing wrong. There's nothing to be ashamed of." Sherlock said in as kind a voice as he could muster, rubbing John's shoulder.
Sherlock sighed. At least it was beginning and he no longer had to wait. He was going to get what he wanted, but could still feel a pit of worry in his stomach. John ran down the stairs first, believing it was an emergency. Sherlock trailed behind him, knowing full well it wasn't.
Before he left, Lestrade turned back to face Sherlock once more.
Sherlock nodded compliantly. "Loud and clear." To be honest, John should probably have been suspicious. It wasn't like Sherlock to obey so easily and without complaint. Nevertheless, he was going to be late if he didn't hurry.
"Hello? Sherlock?" John asked, having just said goodbye to a patient.
John reached over from his chair and grabbed Sherlock's thin hand. He squeezed it comfortingly. Life was truly never going to be the same. Molly, Mrs Hudson, Lestrade, they might never see them again.
He was a skinny, short boy with pale blonde hair that always fell in his dark blue eyes. Oh, how he wished he could have been more like Harry. She was clever, knew how to sneak around her girlfriends without anyone else knowing. He remembered the way he covered his face with his thin wrists, begging his Da to stop. The nasty smell of cheap beer breath would haunt him forever. His not yet deep voice cried out, insisting he didn't know what he was doing, insisting he wasn't gay.
He looked over at John’s peaceful face. It was always easy for John to fall asleep. For Sherlock, it took usually took a few hours and a sleeping pill or two.
Lestrade chuckled. "Maybe they should be harder, with that bloody cheek."
Lestrade was ready to forget Sherlock and return to the waiting group, but then he noticed Sherlock’s eyes.
Just as he said that, Sherlock darted out the men’s room. He strode with long, weighty steps. Not quite stomping but close.
"It will be hell explaining this." Mycroft said, stepping aside so Sherlock could enter the car.
Sherlock and John both suffered pounding headaches the day after Sherlock's birthday. The second Mrs Hudson returned to the flat, she playfully scolded them and made them tea. John tried to help her, but his dizzying nausea drove him directly back to the sofa. He certainly wished he could drink like he could when he was young, hard and fast with few consequences. Handing the two their tea, she placed her hands on her hips and frowned
"Fine then. I'll take both. I have the feeling Boss'll like the soldier boy more, he's got a thing for blondes."
"All right. Up the stairs, we need to talk." John ordered, pointing to the stairs.
“I don’t know if I’ve said it enough or even at all, but I do love you Sherlock. I wouldn’t be doing all of this if I didn’t.” John was certainly never good at expressing his feelings, but this one moment, he hit the nail on the head.
And that concludes this segment of An Agreement of Sorts! Thanks for reading, and I encourage you to leave constructive criticism down in the comments section. It's how I improve as a writer! Kudos and comments are also greatly appreciated :)
It wasn’t fair.
Finally, another addition to my favorite series. I know it’s been ages since I’ve written an update, but I’ve been pretty busy lately. This idea came to me this morning (yesterday I suppose) and I simply had to write it out. Thanks so much for reading :)
It was different than killing with a gun. A gunshot was a clear decision, and if done well, death came within the minute. Beating a man to death was personal and twisted. You could feel him dying underneath your own fingertips.
He had asked everyone but Sherlock and John.
This was probably the longest case they’d ever had. Months and months spent on capturing this human trafficking leader. Hundreds of dead ends and red herrings.
As half Sherlock’s body rested against John’s muscled chest, he realized that this would never be enough. Stolen kisses in the pantry and full blown snogs in the men’s room would never compare to a “real relationship.” Because this wasn’t a relationship. Just an affair.
“I just wanted to get it over with.” Sherlock said in a snippy tone.
“It’s terribly sweet and besides, what’s the point if it has no alcohol?” Sherlock placed the drink on the countertop, not touching it again for the rest of the night.
“Sorry, Love.” He murmured before finishing dressing and walking out the bedroom.
"Jim's right. You're interesting." Moran said as he started fighting back, swinging his left fist.
His breathing haggard, Sherlock struck him hard in the mouth. Moran staggered backwards, reaching up to find his mouth bleeding. He glanced at his red stained fingers and shook his head, snickering.
Moran reached up and stroked Sherlock's sharp cheekbone with muscled hands. "He will send you...to hell. See…you…there," He spoke as his body began to weaken and lose stability. He kept his icy blue eyes trained on Sherlock's.
Sherlock ducked and took hold of the long blonde hair, slamming his head against the wall one, two, three times. Blood started to flow, trickling down the man's tanned face.
John hesitated the first time he and Sherlock had sex.
Said nothing, did nothing.
While it at first had seemed to be a pretty stupid idea, John quickly saw how well planned the rabbit fiasco actually was. Sherlock had done something disobedient, but not dangerous or life-threatening. (John had at least taught him that much.) It was still something he could possibly earn a spanking for. And that seemed to be what Sherlock was looking for.
“Okay, how about we start with why you are so obviously pushing me to spank you?” John said, thinly veiling a command in the form of a question.
Sherlock stayed silent, watching the interaction. John was a horrible liar, but this lie slid by without hesitation. Something in John’s eyes and way he smiled at the bartender was deeply unsettling. Made his stomach hurt a little. His fingers felt tingly.
"Of course." Sherlock said, after taking a sip of water from the glass in his hand. It was given to him so he could settle his disruptive stomach. He bit back the word "obviously".
"No!" Sherlock interrupted. "Neither. Take me."
A van going perhaps 100 kilometers a mile zoomed right past them, directly over where Sherlock was standing a few seconds prior.
John smacked at the pale cheeks sharply, leaving a dusty pink handprint. Sherlock started to lose his tension when the first swats came down. His shoulders loosened, as well as his tight grip on John's trousers.
He did find it a bit odd. He had always presumed Sherlock and John to be a couple, even with their .... agreement.
“I think I owe you a drink, for being such a hero and all. Come and visit next Saturday, I’m off work and you can tell me all about this case of yours.” Her voice was silky smooth despite the chaotic music surrounding them.
---------
Lestrade wasn’t planning to go back and talk to John. He wanted to go back to the rioting party and try to have a good time.
Lestrade didn’t drink as much as everyone else did. He had custody of his sons for the weekend and he didn’t exactly want to meet his ex wife tomorrow morning with a hangover.
Sherlock was slumped on the couch, lazily watching crap telly. "What even is the point?" He mumbled tiredly. "Hooray, I'm one year closer to my impending death!" His voice was filled with ridiculously fake cheer.
"Sherlock, calm down. What's wrong?" John asked urgently, recognizing the sound of panic in Sherlock's voice.
Mycroft, interrupted from his searching, looked squarely at John. "Doctor Watson, while your loyalty is admirable, there is no reason for you to go. You were not involved."
He still had that stupid smile. "Stop it!" Sherlock screamed, continuing to bash his head against the wall. His vision blurred with tears. "Stop laughing at me!" A few sickening cracks stopped him.
John swore under his breath and firmly grabbed Sherlock’s bicep, turning his body towards him and swatted his arse twice.
Sherlock's shoulders slumped in defeat as he carefully stood. "Follow me." John nodded and followed Sherlock to his bedroom. He took in a deep breath to ensure he didn't immediately start shouting.
John chuckled, taking a sip from his own matching drink. He did grimace a bit, but nowhere near as exaggerated as Sherlock. “Not entirely certain, but was one of the few that didn’t have any alcohol.”
what he had been taught.
“Sherlock, don’t lie to me.” John retorted, crossing his arms. Sherlock just gave him a blank stare. He then uncrossed his arms and tried a softer approach.
Mrs Hudson was nearly scared to death when she heard the strange noises coming from 221C. The lot had been empty for years, as she was never able to rent it out.There were definite footsteps audible. As she neared the door, she surprised to find it unlocked and cracked open. She tightly gripped the small handgun inside her purse, pulling it out as she slowly swung the door open. She may look like a meek little landlady, but she knew to stay armed. She had lived long enough with Sherlock to know that.
"That's why you've been staying in my bed!" John exclaimed with realization. The cheeky bugger had said he was having trouble sleeping, and asked to stay with John. He simply did not want to sleep amidst the rabbits. John swore he could feel his hangover induced headache pounding even harder. He took in another deep, calming breath. "Why?"
His cheeks darkened to a vibrant red. "Mrs Hudson!"
He couldn’t explain why, but he felt guilty. Caught red handed and all.
Sherlock, half dazed and hardly registering what was happening, stumbled behind John. It was entirely possible that one could have too many emotions clashing all at the same time.
She smiled. "I'm off to the shops, then. Try not to get into unreasonable trouble." She advised in a motherly tone as she left the flat.
John nodded and squirmed past the crowds of people to Sherlock, who was walking towards the exit door.
"Listen, I'm going to cut to the chase here." The blonde man said when Sherlock entered the warehouse. He was tall and muscular, his hair long and pushed away from his face. He wore a plain black t-shirt, cargo pants, and combat boots. An old pair of dog tags were slung from his neck.
Instead of calming down, John became more and more stressed with every second. His eyes were wide and his heart was drumming in his chest.
"You're okay, tell me what happened." John said in as calm a voice as he could muster, rubbing the top of Sherlock's head. His curls were stiff and sticky with blood
“We don’t usually stop to talk before. It was concerning, and I thought that you were going to say that this was too much for you. That you were ending it, ending this.” The tops of Sherlock’s cheekbones and the tips of his ears flushed pink and he looked down to the floorboards.
"You do understand life can never return to normal now?" Mycroft sat at his desk, placing his hands underneath his chin, similar to the way Sherlock did.
"I'm in a relationship with you, aren't I?" John said with a small smile, and he couldn't help but feel a bit of nervousness at the idea. He was now in a relationship with a man. A man. Albeit, a wonderful, slightly mad one, but a man nonetheless. Even though his father had been dead and buried for ten years, the self-internalized homophobia that had been drilled in his head would be hard to forget.
Sherlock took in a sharp breath. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Alright, come here.” John stood from his chair, grabbing Sherlock and enveloping him in a tight embrace.
That smile disappeared immediately when he took a sip of the drink. “What the hell is this?” He grumbled, brusquely pointing at the offending blue drink.
"If that's what you need."
"It was self defense." John said, quickly coming to Sherlock's aid.
"You stole them." John interrupted stonily, arms crossed. "Didn't we have a long discussion about stealing?"
"Happy 35th, brother mine." John read from the cellphone that was left on the kitchen table. "It's your birthday." He said with realization.
He was surprised to hear Sherlock start crying. He hadn't been going on that long, or that hard. He was only using his hand. He had only gotten tears from these spanking a few times, and that was always at the end. It started as quiet sniffles, and turned to muffled sobs. John stopped, instead caressing Sherlock's shoulders.
Sherlock just barely hid the surprise on his face. “Oh, no, let’s spare the lecture and get this over with.”
"No, Mrs Hudson." They both replied in dreary unison. Sherlock and John looked a mess, lounging on the sofa with wild uncombed hair and tired eyes. They looked more like college students who had just experienced their first party.
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, but changed his mind and looked to the floor. His face was maskless, and John found himself slowly reading Sherlock the way he would to others.
Sherlock quieted instantly. The “Captain Watson” voice would always have an effect on him. He quickly shuffled over to his chair.
Sherlock, well, he was just breathing hard. Every inhale and exhale did nothing to calm the cluttered mess that his mind was at the moment.
“Are you even listening? Look at me, Sherlock!” John stepped closer, closing the gap between them.
but took his hands off John. His eyes were wide and his full lips were red from kissing. A hickey was already forming on his neck. Adorable was a word John would never have thought to use when describing Sherlock, but found himself using.
"You will be living in constant fear, looking over your shoulder at all times. There will be no security. From one night to the next, you will have to hop from country to country in hopes that you will not be found." Mycroft challenged, wondering just how far was this soldier willing to go for his younger brother.
John looked at Sherlock square in the face. "I was fourteen when my dad caught me kissing the neighbor behind the shed. You know what he did? Hit me round the head a few times, screamed in my face. Told me he wouldn't let me be gay."
John nodded his head once. "You've probably already figured it out."
“I know you really shouldn’t be smoking, but it’s okay. I won’t tell John.”
Lestrade cleared his throat in the least natural way possible. John whipped his head around at the sound, cheeks flushed.
At least, that’s how John felt about the cases. Sherlock might be pleased when he solves a case, but the good mood soon turns foul because now there’s no more game to play. Where’s the fun in a LEGO set once you’ve completed it?
Sherlock shrug the hand off. “Yes I’m fine. Go back to your party.” His voice was curt and bitter.
"This is a stupid ritual." He muttered as a few more slaps fell.
Sherlock groaned, relenting and dropping the tools inside her outstretched palm. "Well done. Now please get rid of these animals, or I will make sure that spoon makes acquaintance with your bum." She threatened teasingly.
"It does not matter whether or not it was self defense. Once he hears of this, Moriarty will hunt him down to the ends of the earth." Mycroft said bitterly, stomping the end of his umbrella on the sidewalk. I will not allow that to happen."
The best part of solving cases was the ending.
“Sherlock, put the bloody cigarette pack down and sit in the bloody chair.” John wasn’t exactly shouting, but his voice was firm as stone.
Sherlock said nothing, did nothing.
Moran gave a cocked grin and leaned in close to Sherlock. "Your handsome blonde boy will make us a lot of money."
"Quebec. The exact city has not yet been confirmed. You'll need to brush up on your French, brother mine." Mycroft unfolded a map of the Canadian province and looked over it.
John smiled softly, kissing the curly crown of Sherlock’s head. He then brushed away the wild raven locks and kissed his forehead. Turning his head, he kissing those famous sharp cheekbones.
John looked back at Sherlock, who was just staring down at the tile. His whole expression read as monotone and unresponsive.
"Alright, I'm starting." John warned, lifting his hand into the air.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock!. You’re not allowed to smoke inside.” Lestrade reprimanded, crossing his arms. “Besides, I thought you quit.”
Lestrade pulled John aside till they were in a neutral, empty area of the bar.
"Moran, stop." Sherlock repeated, stepping closer to him.
Sherlock watched as the very life slowly drained out of those eyes. Moran's body dropped to the floor, lifeless. His fingers were trembling and his stomach twisted. His head felt dizzy and his knees weak. Sherlock sunk to the floor and pulled out his phone.
John released his hold on Sherlock’s coat as he crossed his arms, unabashedly glaring down the awkward man.
When he approached John, he found that he was enraptured in a conversation with the lovely bartender.
"I had a long argument with a geneticist over the internet over the number of generations to breed a pure white rabbit from a spotted one. Coincidentally, I found a man in the street upset because he had delivered fourteen rabbit breeding pairs instead of twelve. He was in front of the pet store. I figured it was too good a chance, so I took their carriers while he wasn't-"
“What are you guys celebrating?” The woman asked, a finger twisting her kinky blonde hair. Her hazel eyes flickered towards the rest of the group, where the most well mannered, intelligent detectives of Scotland Yard were drinking like there was no tomorrow. Screeching laughter and shouts encircled them. Detective know how to party.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock raised a brow and tensed, clenching his fists. Someone, not something. "Who, me? Well, I'm honored, but-"
I’ll try to have the next chapter up before Christmas :) Thanks for reading!
Sherlock flushed a bright pink, from the tops of his high cheekbones to the tips of his ears. He didn't like to bring up past punishments. "That-That's why I will return the original breeding pairs tomorrow. I already have enough to continue the experiment."
He has cried over John’s lap countless times, but this was different.
Knowing just how lightweight they were, both were drunk before the first hour had passed.
They had never engaged in much physical affection that wasn’t involved with after care. So it was a bit different, but Sherlock soon returned the hug.
"John!" He squawked, quickly sobering at the situation. He wriggled and turned his face up to meet John's. His drunken mind tripped over itself as it struggled to remember what he was in trouble for this time. There were quite a few incidents, but none that John could possibly know about yet. "Not here!" Seeing that John wasn't letting up, he asked "Is this about the rabbits? I swear I'll return them by Monday." He thought he was speaking in a whisper. In reality it was barely below a normal speaking tone.
"I forgot I was lactose intolerant." Sherlock admitted, wiping his mouth once again with his sleeve. He shakily stood while John gave him a paper cup of water.
"I highly doubt that. Now." She repeated, still holding her hand out. The two locked eyes, both unwavering.
"And one ta grow onn!" The three shouted sloppily  as John delivered a very sharp final swat.
Sherlock, well, it only took a few drinks for him to start feeling the effects. He felt buzzy and warm, his mind spinning much too fast. Maybe that was because his drunken mind had decided to drown his ice cream cake in liquor before consuming it in wolfish bites. In the back of his mind, he knew this wasn't a good idea, but he couldn't remember why.  Blue frosting decorated his upper lip, and, upon noticing, he wiped it off with his sleeve. The sleeve of one of his posh shirts he loves to wear.
"For the time being." Mycroft sighed. At least Sherlock knew how to pick loyal friends.
"Nope."
"C'mon, Sherlock." John said disappointedly when he saw the state of 221C. Fluffy little bunnies still roamed the room, only there was much more mess than earlier this morning.
“Go ahead.” John encouraged, leaning further into his chair. He needed to be comfortable for this. He probably should have made tea.
"Bloody hell." John exclaimed sympathetically as the retching went on for a while.
"Here, lets get some din- the lo mein!" John said exasperatedly, realizing he had completely forgotten about the take-away. He found it cold with flies buzzing around it, which was more than enough to encourage him from reheating it.
“Ah, look, there’s the bus.” Sherlock said in a monotone voice that showed absolutely no reaction to John’s words, pointing at the bus stop across the street.
John’s phone buzzed, and he stirred, opening one half lidded eye to see the screen.
"Twoo."
"Is this about something else?" John asked as he started to realize what this could all be about.
Sherlock stopped, hand on the door handle, turning his head briefly. “I want to go home, I’ll take the bus.” His voice was sharp and barely succeeded in masking his hurt.
When John reached thirty-five, he kept his hand raised in the air, expectantly looking towards the spectators. Lestrade and Molly were a bit slow in realizing what to say, but eventually caught on.
“Listen, Sherlock’s in the men’s room, and he’s really upset.” Lestrade began, motioning towards the door of the men’s room.
Amidst the leftover adrenaline and tired headache, John paused, taking a step back. This was painfully familiar territory, harkening back to a day where John was much too angry and Sherlock much too unresponsive.
Sherlock felt his throat close up and his eyes sting with fiery tears. He was now floating alone on the boat, dark waters engulfing him.
"You're lying. What rabbits?" John pressed, feeling pushed to do so by Sherlock's slightly alarmed reaction. It was obvious he was hiding something.
“Sherlock, is everything okay?” This time his voice was softer, and he took a step closer, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
in a relationship with Sherlock. At least, not the conventional kind everyone thought it was.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once in the living room, John settled into his chair, knowing he was probably going to be there for a while. He cracked his neck and popped his knuckles.
——————-
"Fuck off, Greg." Sherlock grumbled.
"But you're not gay." Sherlock stated in a very matter-of-fact tone.
"We'll see." John said, and in that moment, he felt like his mother. Always saying we'll see, maybe, I'll think about it.
He made it to the warehouse in record time, even if he was sweating and panting tiredly.
"I hate repeating myself. I'm coming with you." John said stubbornly, seating himself inside the car and slamming the door closed.
John decided to brush off the comment about the rabbits and laughed. "It's a birthday spanking, you silly bugger. It's an American thing. Knew a bloke in Afghanistan who was born there and told our squad about it. Now, how old are you?"
The next morning, Sherlock awoke on the sofa with a dizzy, pounding headache. The second his feet found the floor, his stomach turned and he nearly tripped racing to the bathroom. John heard and stumbled to help, holding Sherlock's hair as he vomited violently into the toilet.
It all started when Mary had a girl’s night out with some of her friends. She had wanted to gather up all her old bridesmaids and go to dinner. Considering that Rosie was already staying with Mrs Hudson for the day, John decided to call Sherlock and ask if he wanted to go to the pub. They hadn’t gone in ages.
Sherlock watched him carefully, wondering why was it that John wasn’t grabbing a kitchen chair or ordering him upstairs.
“Look, there he goes!” Lestrade pointed at the detective who had stubbornness in his step.
Didn’t even look up to meet John’s frustrated eyes.
"Lets just have oatmeal. If we're lucky, Mrs Hudson will let us use some of her fancy honey."
Sherlock squinted his eyes upward and tried to remember. "I think so." He couldn't quite recall the last hour or so of the night.
"I think you've given Jim the best birthday gift you could give him." Moran said, coughing up blood. Both eyes nearly were swollen shut, and his lip was burst. He strained to speak. "You've given him incentive to destroy you."
John’s grip on Sherlock’s coat tightened and with a firm resolve, John nearly dragged Sherlock back into the bar.
"Where are you sending him?" John asked, his arms crossed as he leaned back in his chair.
Sherlock’s voice began to crack at the last sentence, displaying that human emotion that he so badly didn’t want.
He had taken a brisk shower to clean off the dried blood that incriminates him.
"I'll deal with him. We'll try to get them returned by tomorrow." John said tiredly, rubbing at his returning headache. He had already had a miserable day, dealing with a hangover while trying and failing to be pleasant to his patients. One woman had hmphed and stormed away, declaring she would never return to this office after he tactlessly pointed out that her heart problems could lessen if she "stopped going to the chippie everyday of the week".
“Then what the hell are you doing in a war zone on your own?”
“How long?”
He hustled through the aisles to the right dealer stall, hoping against hope it was still there. The young man was still setting up when John arrived.
“I did,” John agreed, running his fingers through Sherlock's dark curls. “But I'm curious as to how the residue under the fingernails factors into it all.”
Sherlock chuckled softly and John started to laugh with him.
Sherlock was about to comment that he wasn’t sure if John would ever be completely respectable, and that he was quite okay with that, when Angelo spotted them.
“My—? Why on earth would I need my—?”
“Sorry?”
“They take people who want to move out to the country and show them a few homes in and around the area they are interested in. They show what the place is like, how house prices are, what sorts of homes are available. That sort of thing.”
“Well, yes, I suppose she is.”
Michael made his way to where Sherlock and John were standing. “My god, that was amazing! I mean, we’ve all heard what you can do, but blimey!”
John sagged. “I’m sorry. It’s what I feared. The men who brought you in said you were unable to move when they found you. I cannot find any evidence of permanent damage to the spine itself. What I suspect is that there is swelling putting pressure on the spinal cord…”
John nodded, fighting the threat of tears. Bloody, double-damned, motherfucking hormones. He settled heavily into the seat beside Mary, not resisting when she took his hand into her own.
John took a deep breath.
“What about the baby? And David?” John asked roughly.
John smiled fondly that his husband was still signing his texts after nearly twenty years together and 15 years of marriage. It was adorable.
“Good boy.”
“Because it is a joyous thing to celebrate someone’s continued presence in the world. To celebrate children learning and growing,” John replied, falling back against the chair. “Why are you such a misery guts this morning?”
“I am. I’ve never felt this way before.”
“No,” Sherlock said softly, eyes still locked with John’s. “I would be absolutely nothing without John.”
“What?”
She was still licking jam from her fingers some ten minutes later when a familiar voice boomed up the stairs.
He could feel John staring at him, and finally turned to meet his eyes. John was concerned about him. He knew that. He’d barked at him several times that night. He hadn’t meant to, it was just…
Sherlock shrugged again. “So?”
“Oi, oi, easy now,” the nurse—Baz, according to his nametag—said briskly. He scooted in close to John’s bed, and urged John to lie back down. “Come on. Just relax.”
“Is there something in the coffee?” John started to reach for Molly’s cup.
“Of course you do.”
“What are we doing?” Sherlock asked softly, arms still by his sides.
John nodded.
“All right,” Sherlock said quietly, brows furrowed. “This is your home. You’re free to do whatever you like.”
“Jesus!” John said, sounding ill. “I can’t believe this sick fuck actually did it. He actually bricked someone into his cellar.”
“Army doctor and boy scout.”
“Little pinch.”
“Good,” Sherlock grunted at last, clambering to his feet. He stared at John for a moment — with perhaps a trace of clarity beneath the fog of his rut — before bending to kiss him.
When they were gone, he shook his head at his own fanciful thoughts and sat down at his desk. He logged into his computer to prep for his first patient.
“I figured I must have been pretty pissed, because I couldn’t for the life of me remember what we’d got up to on Wednesday. I was too embarrassed to ask you. And then we had the stag night…”
Finally, Sherlock reached up to brush one finger over John’s weathered cheek.
John hugged the boy tightly and tousled his hair. Kit's lovely curls had filled in and lightened in colour—they were now more of an auburn and had become so long that Kit looked like a Renaissance cherub. John was keen to give his son's hair a trim, but Sherlock objected...and so had been put in charge of the morning hair combing. John and William were taking bets as to how long that would last before Kit made his first visit to the barber.
He held his breath, waiting to see if John would wake, but John slept on. Sherlock bit his bottom lip to hold in the breathy moan that threatened to escape. He moved his hand to gently push the covers away from the part of John he most wanted to see.
John was still standing motionless in the middle of the small room when Officer Ames returned to it several minutes later.
Finally, Sherlock broke the silence. “Don’t ask me.”
“Only in a very casual way,” John admitted. “Does it matter to you—what they present as?”
Sherlock lifted the makeshift curtain surrounding the bed/nest and deposited John gently in the centre of the mattress. John settled on his knees, his back to Sherlock. He watched his mate still standing on the floor. He looked frightened.
John’s medical instincts warred with his cock’s intentions.
“Yes. Most of it.”
“Ah, welcome back, John.”
“That would be really nice. It’s just—Sherlock and I are having a bit of a rough go at the moment.”
Sherlock hesitated, nodding as he stared at the mug in his hands.
Sherlock smirked, just a little. “I was just wondering where your stick got to.”
Sherlock raised a brow. “Is she?”
“I only hope…”
John set about with a cursory manual inspection of the luggage. “Have you packed your case yourself?”
Greg flushed a little. “I don’t want to know, but I just have a feeling.”
“Well…” He waved his hands as he paced to the centre of the room. “I need distraction. I need—”
John checked the new text, his eyes widening.
John kissed the tip of hardening nipple. “So perfect. So sweet.”
“Since last month. Dinner with my brother and Lestrade.”
As he came closer, John could see the young man’s unusual light-coloured eyes. So striking were they that it took John several minutes to realize that this handsome young man—who had almost reached the spot where John was standing—was not only aware that John had been staring, but was staring right back.
“Let me,” he growled. “I have you.”
“I would prefer not to stop taking mine. You can make the decision for yourself.”
Sherlock paused for a moment, focussing his attention on angling his cock just so…
“But I didn’t help.”
John chuckled as he sat. “Yeah, I know what you mean.”
“Yeah,” John acknowledged briefly, hardly registering Baz’ departure. He rubbed Sherlock’s fingers as he watched the monitor for a few minutes. “Good. Everything looks normal. Thank god.”
The front door of the red and grey stone cottage was flung wide and a dark-haired woman emerged backwards, struggling into her coat and fighting with an umbrella as she tried to close the door behind her.
“Yes, Sherlock?”
Sherlock smirked. “I might.”
He had stopped in front of a painting—well, Sherlock supposed it was a painting. The work was hung on the gallery’s plain white wall, which provided a vivid contrast with the work’s rich blue-green background. Sherlock cocked his head as he surveyed the piece.
“What’s that?” Greg said, not looking up from his phone.
“Yes?” Sherlock looked up from the menu.
“What was what?” Sherlock evaded. He stepped back as their cab pulled to a stop at the curb. He opened the door and held it for John.
Mycroft made his way to the door where an attractive beta was waiting with his coat. He turned back before stepping through the front door.
“It was more than all right,” John chuckled. He laced his fingers with Sherlock’s. “Was it all right for you?”
“Oh, god, my love. Again. Again!”
“I did. I—John, you look at my face all the time!”
John flinched.
John’s head snapped up. “What do you mean ‘smell me?’”
“He—he’s still alive. John! He’s still alive!”
“Is it one of my patients?”
“Of course I remember a conversation we had three weeks ago,” Sherlock huffed. “I just don’t see why you’re so giddy. It’s fake. We’re just pretending.”
“Mr. Holmes!” the boy said excitedly.
“He is. Almost always, these days. Seems like he hardly goes anywhere anymore.”
“John…” Sherlock growled.
“More of you to go around?”
John listened to Sherlock’s (grudging) footsteps out on the landing and on the stairs before turning to face the bed, where his son was happily “driving” his favourite toy lorry over the surface of the duvet with accompanying sound effects.
“Ah, Sherlock!” Lestrade said cheerfully. “Archie wants to have a word. He won’t let the EMTs get on with things until he does.”
“You know what for.”
“I don’t think that’s fair — ”
“Where are the drugs?” John repeated solemnly. He was always frustrated seeing the incredible waste brought about by drugs use, but to see a handsome and clever young man ruining himself with heroin…it made John unreasonably angry.
There was a shout from the sitting room, followed by a round of delighted children’s laughter.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock was writhing. “Gonna…ungh…come. John…oh, god. Coming…”
“Right,” Sherlock said. He shook his head—a quick snap to the side as though trying to regain his equilibrium. He cleared his throat. “I’m going to just…”
“Yes, pet. Gran is coming to visit today. And she will want lots of hugs and kisses from you,” John assured him.
Sherlock’s gaze was steady as he regarded John. “Did you think I wouldn’t be prepared for those changes when I asked you to consider having children with me in the first place?”
“You promise me,” John said firmly. “No one finds out.”
“Please. Please just answer me,” John said quietly, making every effort to keep their conversation private.
Mycroft stood behind his desk and waited for his brother’s bondmate to enter the room. His office was relatively innocuous—standard issue walnut wainscoting and an old oak desk. It was quite fitting for a bureaucrat of his stature. Or, rather, for the bureaucrat most people believed him to be. He took a few steps out onto the worn aubasson carpet and straightened his waistcoat.
Mycroft cocked his head. “I am privy to information that may make this easier for you.”
“No, I understand. I’m a machine,” Sherlock ground out. “And I know what I did—faking my death and then coming back into your life so casually. I know how awful that was. I
Sherlock gaped at him, his cheeks tinged with pink. He nodded once, rubbing over John’s naked back. “Thank you,” he whispered.
“Mr. Watson.”
it?” John asked, unable to stand it any longer.
Apologies for the delay on this--and the shortness of the chapter. I was having a crisis about where to take the story (changed my mind from the original trajectory at least twice). On track now, though!
A woman about his own age greeted him from behind a converted antique desk.
“Hush, pet,” John soothed. He tucked a fleece blanket over his son’s legs and stood before pulling his own jacket on. Car seat in hand, he took the stairs carefully, chattering to the baby as he did.
Sherlock’s arms began to shake as he reached his peak. “Oh, JOHN!”
Sherlock gazed down at John, breathing through his fear, praying to whatever gods might be listening that they might take care of the man he loved.
“Sure. Why not.”
“So a limp, but you don’t use a stick. And you don’t favour the leg when you’re standing, like you’ve forgotten about, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action…Afghanistan or Iraq.”
Molly watched them go with a smile. “He’s so good with kids.”
It was Mycroft’s turn to register surprise.
of John—the very solid, physically present touch of John Watson against his own body. It was nearly more than he could process. If he didn’t know better, he would have sworn he was high.
Sherlock had not pursued him. His alpha needed the chase.
He does not attend. He has a valid reason (of course he does — he is not a rude man), but the nagging feeling that all is not as it should be plays a part as well.
John hurried behind him, keeping his head down. He looked back just in time to see the weapon raised in their direction.
Having been advised that sometimes brave men don’t
Sherlock took a deep breath. “You had five appointments today, but one was cancelled.” He studied John for a moment. “Gender dysphoria?”
“Quite right,” Lombardi agreed. “My own country has been part of this project, so we will share in the technology when it is fully tested and ready for deployment. But there are so many others who are interested, as you might well imagine.”
“S’fine,” his patient said wearily. He closed his eyes as the opiate began to do its work.
“What in the world…?” He glanced at the watch he had forgotten to remove before climbing into bed. It was half two in the morning.
Kit beamed. “Papa, I
John was shaking his head, he could see.
“No. Not really my area.”
“Corporal!” John snapped.
Sherlock felt John guiding him—tasting, teasing, nibbling—and did his best to follow. He sighed with relief as John’s arms tightened again and eliminated the remaining space between their bodies. He could feel John’s arousal pressed into his lower abdomen; his own was slotted neatly into the cradle of John’s thigh.
“Now I realize that this one is in need of modernizing, and the garden could use quite a bit of care, but what do you think so far?”
“Naked?” John supplied.
John strode toward him, his smile sensual and just a little bit predatory. Sherlock shivered.
Another distressed moan reached him; John broke for the stairs at a run.
Lestrade grinned like a fool. “You do that. And you can keep some for yourself while you're at it.”
“Maybe not just now?”
“Nothing to lose then. Go on.”
“Do you? Can you begin to know how you have imprinted yourself on my heart and mind? I’ve been able to think of nothing but you since we met. I prayed — me, prayed! — every night that you had survived, even if we were never to meet again. I just needed you not to be dead.” John sighed, head drooping. “The truth is — ”
“I think they’ve just finished with the brain, then. Ready to go out and set up for the next adventure?”
“PLEASE!” Sherlock reached for him, desperate to feel John’s body against him. He grasped biceps and tugged until John was sprawled over him and kissing him.
He'd mourned before. Never like this.
Sherlock did not hesitate to comply, too far gone to consider the consequences.
“What if I can’t ‘regroup’? What if this is more than we can get through?”
“You were very kind to the kid,” John teased as he stepped into the car.
“Right. Guess I’d better…”
“Oh, god. I want that, too.”
“Ah. Well, I already know who it’s from. But as to why it is here…
"John, it's late. You should go to bed and get some rest. Everything is fine. I promise." He stopped beside John's chair and pressed a hasty kiss into the top of John's head. "Go on."
“If you say so. I hate the posh ones—arseholes, the lot of them.”
The alpha growled once more and fastened his mouth over the spot on John’s neck where he might, one day, leave his bonding bite. He drew hard on the sensitive tissue, testing with his teeth in a wonderful foretaste of what may come.
Though he was expecting it, he jumped when the intercom sounded.
“I’m—I’m…” Greg swallowed. “I think I may be starting andropause. I’ve just missed a heat and I feel…different.”
"Uhmmm, no. I have some experiments. Wouldn't want to wake you again. I'll kip out here."
“John?” Sherlock asked again, sitting up now.
Shaking, Sherlock kissed a trail from John’s mouth over the plane of one craggy cheek and into the greying hairline. “Please,” he whispered.
“And?” John prompted.
John left his hand where it was, not willing to give up the contact.
“Gorgeous. Every single bit of you,” John said firmly. “Absolutely beautiful.”
“So, jealousy?” John asked, shoving his hands into his pockets. He turned to look out over the view.
John perched on the edge of the seat of one of the dark leather armchairs. He wouldn’t make himself comfortable; he didn’t intend to be away from Sherlock for long.
“Hello, Angelo,” Sherlock replied as the large man offered his hand. Sherlock moved to shake it, only then realizing that John still had hold of his right hand.
Sherlock pushed back onto his elbows and then stood. He took two steps back from the bed.
Sherlock shrugged. He closed the door behind them and turned his attention to hailing a taxi. “He’s fine.”
Sherlock’s lips met his brow. “Oh, my John. Yes…”
“Come on, then, Sherlock,” William said amiably. “Why don’t you tell me all about the ceremony? I’d have loved to have gone, really, but your mother said it was best we left that to your friends.”
His brother scowled at him and Greg shot him a look of terror.
Sherlock nodded, his mouth dry. He let John move him until the backs of his knees hit the edge of the bed. He sat heavily and looked up at John.
Sherlock dug his teeth into the flesh at John’s nape. John was not in heat, so the bite wouldn’t trigger submission, but it made John groan helplessly as he shot his load without ever being touched. He thrust against the bed, using the mattress beneath him for friction. Sherlock picked up his pace, beginning to sweat now with exertion.
“It was a good day,” Sherlock remarked. He had changed into his pyjamas and dressing gown and was leaning against the doorframe with a mug of tea.
“Because women are such a mystery to the pair of you that our relationships with each other don’t even register. Didn’t it seem strange to you that Mary made me her chief bridesmaid after knowing me for a matter of months? Or that she and I became friends at all? How on earth did you think we’d met, her working at a small surgery on the far side of London and me spendin’ my days and nights with Magnussen’s circle? Honestly.” Janine shook her head. “You were so distracted by each other that you made it easy.”
Piero waved a wan hand. “The food is not good. I sleep little. My spirit is leaving me.”
“You mean my heat?” John eyes widened with surprise.
Sherlock called Billy Wiggins just to see if he could throw any light on the drug supplier. He said he’d ask around. With nothing else to do, Sherlock and John headed home.  To his continued annoyance, Sherlock had more questions than ever and most of them revolved around John.  He spent the taxi journey back to Baker Street thinking about John demanding to be fucked immediately.
John laughed.  “It’d be quite funny though.”
For a few, long, comfortable moments, they just ate. And, when breakfast was done, they got up and out of the bath. John wheeled the trolley out while Sherlock brushed his teeth. And still, not a word was spoken.
“Alright, Mr Macho.  Just make sure you soap up by bollocks nicely.”
John was stood in the hallway, outside of Sherlock’s bedroom. He was, evidently, a man lost in shock. They’d just got home from the swimming pool. Somehow, despite John having been wrapped in explosives, they were still alive. Sherlock was sure he wasn’t the only one who couldn’t quite believe their luck.
A cloakroom stood to their right and John handed over the black leather jacket that made up his outfit.  Sherlock passed over his coat; a Burberry trench that ended at his knees. Sherlock’s black jeans had a slick, almost wet look to them. They were tight, but not skin tight.  Sherlock’s t-shirt was much the same; it hinted at what was beneath rather than revealed it.
“Fuck him,” came a voice from one of the sofas.   Whoever said it, leant forward into a sliver of light. John only saw part of his chiselled face from behind his dark, seemingly black, hair.  He didn’t recognise him as one of Lestrade’s officers or one of the sex workers.  “Fuck him hard,” the man demanded.
“Found your prostate properly then,” John remarked. He screwed his fingers inwards and Sherlock hung on as his nerve endings twanged.
“After the hotel,” Sherlock clarified.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John jumped to his feet and wagged his finger in a silent demand for Sherlock’s attention.
“Fine.” Sherlock stepped forward and stared at the floor as if it held the secrets of the universe.  “I might just pop back to bed then.”  Without another word, Sherlock walked away, into his bedroom and out of John’s way.
Adrenaline was coursing through Sherlock's body, crackling his skin like electricity. He was angry, really properly angry. Sherlock shoved him to the nearest wall, twisting his arm and making him drop the gun. He continued to attack him, punching and kicking without mercy.
John reached forward and lifted Sherlock’s chin, finally seeing his eyes.
Sherlock smoked quickly, one cigarette after the other. The pack in his hand was already half way finished. He was silent, looking at the tile floor.
"You don't touch John." Sherlock said angrily, pointing at the man.
"So, the little pathologist? Alright then-"
"I'd rather hear you say it." Sherlock said, sitting down on the edge of his bed. He had some small clues, but wanted to hear the full version. John joined him on the bed, stretching out his arms.
Even I’m not so sure what I’ve just written. 😅 While I was writing this, I kept going back and forth with how I was going to portray this. I suppose this felt right, and I’m kind of tempted to end the series like this. I feel it sort of wraps things up.
All this was going through his head and Sherlock had still not said a word back to John. He was lost in his head again.
"And you don't want to talk about it?" John ventured.
With a slight shudder at John’s frightening gaze, the man dried his hands on his jeans and quickly walked out the bathroom.
The bed was an open boat in the middle of the bedroom, and the murky darkness was the water. With every minute, they floated farther from land.
“Oh, well,” John paused for a moment before returning the more than friendly smile. “Pretty good, actually.”
Hmm, it seems I took longer than I expected in posting the 2nd chapter. As expected, life got crazy, especially now that the holidays are in full force.
John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder and leaned closer, taking a deep breath. “Have you been smoking? After all this time?” The last sentence was tinged in disappointment.
“It was a minor role, but I’m John. John Watson.” His false modesty was straight up unbelievable.
Sherlock nodded and walked over to John, pulling off his dressing gown and pyjama pants before resting his body over John's lap. John rubbed at his shoulders, trying to calm Sherlock's nerves. The man seemed distraught.
“C’m here.” John mumbled, lifting Sherlock’s face towards him and softly kissing his lips.
Sherlock was only becoming more manic, his voice becoming louder.
"After that, I always felt I had to correct people, tell them I was "not gay". Couldn't stand someone thinking I was. But, look where I am now." John said, gesturing to the dark room. He shook his head, trying to clear his mind from the ugly thoughts. He had told his story and now never wanted to remember it again.
"Still, you've had several relationships with women." Sherlock pointed out. He had seen many women come and go from the flat, and didn't know how many existed before that. "Were you attracted to them?"
Definitely soldier. Ex-soldier. It was completely in his demeanor.
“But, Sherlock, we’ve definitely gone through worse, much worse in fact.” John puzzler aloud, leaning forward and resting his chin on his palm.
Mind made up, John headed for the bathroom. After a quick shower, he dressed in jeans and his favourite spring jacket and headed out.
“Well, he's just so much happier these days,” Lestrade said. “We went to the pub last week.”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock breathed. He tangled the fingers of one hand in John’s shirt, right over his chest.
“But how did you…was it your brother?”
“Oh, he’d had boyfriends, too. Victor delighted in every form of love. He was very engaging and he enjoyed showering affection on others.” Sherlock sighed. “I am not particularly given to — well, I’ve never been one to indulge in sentimentality. Certainly, I had never bothered to explore sensuality. But Victor was different. We were very close. I cared for him and I shall always miss him.”
“Look, it’s none of my business, but are you two…all right?” He looked from Sherlock to John and back again. “It’s just—I know this is a big step and if you’re having any doubts, just remember that you don’t have to make an offer on any of the places.”
“I am—don’t tell me what to do! I come home from a horrible morning at work to this ungodly uproar. Whatever possessed you to let them do this?”
“Oh, god, I have no idea what he’ll say.”
After 72 hours, Dr. Khamir felt it was safe to ease Sherlock off the sedation. On the third morning, John showered and changed and went to fetch himself something for breakfast. When he returned, Sherlock was very much awake.
“Don’t think.”
“Get stuffed.
“Auntie Molly. Uncle GREG!” she shouted. Greg deftly caught her, swinging her up in his arms.
“Hmmm? Oh, yes. It was the, uhm, the bodybuilder thing.”
“What, you’re just going to blow us up?” John asked incredulously. “All that work and time in this big plot and you’re going to just blow us up?”
“Oh, it is.” John stroked his fingers over the sensitive spot once more. “Well, then…”
“I’m a middle-aged man and a wounded veteran and I’ve been sleeping on the hard floor all night,” John said ruefully. “I’ve just realized that it’s probably going to take me an hour to get moving.”
“So you probably have a fairly good idea what we’re looking at.”
“Are you sure?”
John fell, hard, as the bullet tore through his upper thigh.
“You got them all.”
He turned at Sherlock’s shout and returned at a run to the small shrine. “What is it? Are you in pain?”
"Bonjour, monsieur," she began in a very elegant French accent. "Welcome to Patrice."
“Sherlock.”
“We’re being watched, for god’s sake. Just finish it.”
“So what do you have on this afternoon?” John asked.
“Yes.”
“I was. But I was a dick, and I am sorry about that. I had a lot to learn.”
“Not at all,” John said lightly. “It’s my pleasure.”
“Why? Oh, that. Well, yeah. I was pretty scared. Got some good bruises, too. But I’m okay now, though. I’ll probably cry when I see my mum,” Archie admitted, sniffing a little. “I’m all she’s got so…”
John obliged, abandoning gentle for a pounding rhythm. He slapped against Sherlock’s lovely, rounded bottom, reaching around to cup and fondle the man’s dribbling cock. Sherlock’s fingers covered his own and guided him as they stroked together, in time with John’s thrusts.
“When the team went into the rubble, they discovered an elaborate system of old tunnels underneath the cottage.”
Sherlock knew his calculations couldn’t have been that wrong. Given the properties of the compound, John should have —
John cut short his rant by stretching up on tip toe to place a very wet kiss on Sherlock’s lips. When he drew back, he nearly giggled at the look of complete bewilderment on the alpha’s face.
“Oh, I suppose,” John breathed.
Sherlock blushed now. He hated being reminded of the way she’d played him, though he couldn’t help but admire her for it.
“John!”
“No!”
“But…why?”
“What about her?”
"Look, Sherlock, I’m doing my best."
John almost smiled. Going on the offensive—clearly the man had something to hide. “You and/or your bags were noted by the canine patrol.” John regarded Holmes carefully, hands resting on the zipper of the front pocket. “Is there anything you’d like to tell me?”
“Fuck — just try and relax,” he growled into Sherlock’s ear.
John pressed his brow into Sherlock’s shoulder as he continued fingerfucking him. He rubbed his still-clothed erection with his free hand, wishing against all sanity that he had a condom in his pocket.
Thirty minutes later, John’s taxi pulled up in front of a non-descript block of flats in North London. He stepped out slowly, taking a moment to get the kink out of his back before paying the driver. He double-checked the flat number before heading in.
“Do I…what?”
"Is it
John stared after his husband, mouth agape and a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Oi, Watson. Where’s the passenger?”
“Hello, brother dear. How are you?” There was a pause during which Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, I’m sure you have. No, I don’t care what you think.”
“What? I’m right here!”
“And If I tell you not to come?”
With that, he left the room.
“Yes.”
"No, right. Not good."
“Not a word, I swear. Patient confidentiality.” John mimed that his lips were sealed.
“Perhaps my earlier question was a little hasty,” Mycroft continued smoothly. He stepped toward the slumbering former army captain. “How long has he been unconscious?”
“You’re moping again.”
Though how it ought to be was something he dared not consider.
“If you are doing this just to avoid rehab or if you’ve been otherwise coerced into seeing me — ”
John gazed up at him with smiling soft eyes. “Oh, Christ, Sherlock. How can you possibly not know how much I love you? How much I’ve always loved you? How could you think that
The knock at the door was faint; John wasn’t surprised by the uncertainty. Sherlock had been avoiding him since the end of his rut, fleeing the room as soon as they’d woken on the final morning. John had been surprised to feel so bereft.
Sherlock could feel his blood inconveniently abandoning his brain for regions of his body he had always paid considerably less attention to.
“It’s the man with the South American connections,” Holmes said quietly.
“No, no. I’m not. It’s just—well, I hate her being away, is all. It’ll be nice when she’s back home.”
Sherlock turned enough to press his lips into John’s hair. “I love you, too.”
John stepped in close, the unmistakable bulge in his trousers nearly at Sherlock’s eye level—which was not lost on the detective.
Drew was waddling in circles around the sitting room, singing out loud (sort of) along with the Silly Songs CD Mrs. Hudson had given Kit for his third birthday. Somehow, Kit had decided the music was a birthday tradition and had demanded they have it on since early morning. Drew, for his part, was thoroughly enjoying it.
“You certainly have been spending a lot of time with Archie over the last few months. You’ve become quite the mentor.”
“No. No, it’s fine.”
Well, there it is. I hope you enjoyed this little fic. I certainly enjoyed imagining this version of John's awakening, and I decided to end with the very thing our Ginger Dad has said about a detective show where the male detective just happens to come home to his husband. And a little slow dancing.
“Let’s wait and see,” John said softly. They all held their breath, watching as Bea’s eyelids fluttered and her little lips pursed…and then she went right on sleeping.
Ames jogged out to join the others, the door snapping shut behind him.
“Boyfriend, then?”
Another two years pass and then, quite unexpectedly, a young woman appears at his door with a final parcel. This time there is a note. The handwriting is messy and almost childlike and instantly recognizable (even if he hadn’t already known the identity of his benefactor). There are only two words:
Mycroft dipped his chin at this. Of course, John still believed he was the one who’d fed Moriarty the information he’d needed to “destroy” Sherlock. They’d allowed John to believe it; it was a necessary (and now very inconvenient) fiction.
They stared at one another for an age before John finally made up his mind. He reached behind him and slid the door bolt into place. Sherlock watched him expectantly, tongue darting out to wet his lush lips. John moved in, emboldened by the invitation and by the conviction that he really had nothing to lose.
Fortunately, he knew John would be there to take care of him.
“Funny.” He looked at John’s leg. “The nurse said it was a through-and-through. No bullet to worry about, but lots of tissue damage.”
“Oh, dear,” John tsked. “That will have everyone tweeting TFL today.”
Sherlock hesitated in the doorway and turned to look back at John, now standing bare-arsed beside the bed, dressing gown in hand.
John climbed up into the nest and rolled happily in the overwhelming smell of his mate. He moaned and reached for his aching cock.
John glared at him.
Jeanette had already arrived and waved cheerfully from a cozy table near the back of the glittering black and white room. As he neared, she stood and greeted him with a quick peck to the cheek.
Eventually his gentle chuckles gave way to his silly—and delightful—high-pitched giggle. The absurdity of it was too much and Sherlock began to laugh in earnest. By the time they’d calmed down, they both had tears in their eyes.
Sherlock resumed staring at the ceiling. “Not in the sense that it will change how I feel about any of them. But it’s interesting.”
John’s face softened and he smiled. He reached for Sherlock’s hand. “There’s nothing more to say, is there?”
“That was…amazing.”
“He was wearing a chullo—an alpaca headcovering popular in the Andean Mountain region. Not extraordinary, except when taken along with the recent uprisings on behalf of indigenous South American peoples against international corporations involved in mining and the diversion of fresh water. One such corporation, based here in London, has received numerous threats. When the man in the chullo lifted his hand to scratch his face, I noticed a distinctive discoloration around his fingernails consistent with the use of certain chemicals used in the manufacture of explosives.” Holmes shrugged. “Either that or it could have been an indication of heart disease.”
“Fine,” Sherlock agreed. “You choose. Any particular reason?”
Sherlock did so, never taking his eyes from John’s. John concentrated on the sounds emanating from his patient’s chest, but could not relax under such scrutiny. Every time Sherlock looked at him, it made him feel utterly exposed.
Sherlock took the opportunity to slip his arms from his shirt. “You, too,” he insisted.
“No. Don’t be. I—” John staggered a little and laid a hand on the back of the chair beside him to regain his balance. Whether this was relief that he now had one less impediment to overcome or grief for his lost mantle of fatherhood, he could not say for certain. “You’re sure?”
“We’ve lived together on and off for years, John,” Sherlock replied. “You’re my best friend. We’re compatible.
Sherlock climbed the stairs and sat on the sofa. Tonight had, he realised, followed something of a pattern.  Approximately once a month, and if Sherlock was out in the evening, John went out.  When he returned, he wore the relaxed, lazy attitude of a man who was satiated in one way or another.  Since there was always evidence that he’d eaten at home and John never returned intoxicated, Sherlock had come to the conclusion he visited an escort.  Whoever she was, she was professional and a high-end prostitute; John only smelt lightly of perfume and had showered when he returned.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. “You need to stop.  We’re not exactly alone.”  He moaned again. “Fuck.”
“Thank you.” John took Sherlock’s hand and the connection somehow made it all a bit better. The tempo of the machine picked up and the sleeve around John’s penis started move up and down his shaft.
And then, one miserable March, John knocked on the door of 221B. Sherlock, who knew it was John from his gait, didn’t bother answering. He just wandered into the kitchen to put the kettle on. He heard John enter, heard him approach, didn’t expect to be spun and slammed against the hall door.
Sherlock’s idea was that he and John would wait in the blackout room for the drop. It’d been decided that someone would need to be in the room in case it wasn’t a drug drop, or that it was and that those involved in the drop were able to keep avoid the night vision cameras.   Sherlock planned to purloin some covert night vision glasses from Mycroft that would allow John and him to see what happened.  The only way they could be in the room and not draw attention to themselves would be to be involved in sexual acts. Lestrade couldn’t guarantee he had officers who would choose to be involved.  So, that left John and Sherlock in the key roles of getting hot and heavy in the blackout room, while Lestrade and Donovan watched on night vision cameras. Other officers would be positioned around the exits so the dropper didn’t escape once he was identified.
John walked over. “Clearly strangled.”
“Relax, love,” John tapped Sherlock’s clenched hand. “It’s no more than I had inside you last night.”
Sherlock tried to wash very quickly.
“Git.”
John followed Sherlock to the kitchen and pulled out a packet of chocolate digestives.  It was going to be an interesting day.
“A look at the prostitutes he visited showed that Justin Ellis took part in an S&M session with Daniels in Langridge’s dungeons.  He was assisted, probably unbeknown to Daniels, by Cox.  Brandon was under pressure; he owed money to Bouchard, to Candlar and to Daniels.  He may well have wanted to hurt or scare Daniels. My suspicion, and you must question Justin, is that Ellis left the room at some point and Daniels was alone with Cox, who lost control. Daniels knew Cox was allergic to Ibuprofen, so he later put some of his ibuprofen gel into a lube bottle. He stayed on at the club and made sure Tyler used it during sex with Cox.
Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock continued to act as normal, despite the move they were going to make. But this normal was also a bit abnormal. Sherlock stopped hiding his affection for John or Rosie. He took out the rubbish, made breakfast and even washed up. Moreover, Sherlock’s occasional uncertainty, tender touches, glances, and little smiles made him absolutely fucking adorable. All at once, John seemed to be as mad about Sherlock as he’d ever been. Possibly more.
“John,” Sherlock gasped out, his head sagging between his arms. And the fingers were, almost immediately, gone. In fact, the draft of cold air behind him made it clear John had walked away.
“You need to turn the chair on first, before you sit. It’ll make sure you’re lined up properly.” Sherlock sat up in bed and watched John undress. “And put the hose thing on your…”
“But allergic to what?”  Sherlock asked.
“What are you doing?” John asked. Immediately, his cock started to leak and throb, and he bit back a whimper before he reached for it. Sherlock took John’s hand, kissed the palm and rested it on John’s tummy. He moved the chair’s console back, slipped in between it and the chair, and lowered himself to his knees. “Sherlock?” John hated how vulnerable, how needy, his voice sounded. But he was instantly rewarded by Sherlock’s warm mouth closing around the tip of his penis and his hand around the root. “Fuck me,” he moaned.
The Milton Keynes constituency is split into two: Milton Keynes North and Milton Keynes South. I have kept this as just Milton Keynes – a non-existent constituency in its entirety - to make it clear that Stephen Daniels is not even remotely connecting to any past or current MP in Great Britain, let alone Milton Keynes.  Interestingly, but unrelated, Iain Steward is MP for MK South and he is openly gay. Hilariously, one of the links on his Wiki page links to a website that sells sex toys and features pictures of scantily clad ladies.
“No rush, Sherlock,” John said. “You might be sore in the morning. The warm water will be good for your muscles.”
, I presume?”  Sherlock extended a hand.
“Your room?”
“Everyone pays an annual fee to be a member of Langridge’s,” John explained.  “As an ex-serviceman, I get a discount.” John blushed.  “I paid £280 for a single year’s membership.”
“You’d have been popular up the Heath.” Nathan attempted to look innocent.  “Sure you never tried it?”
it.  “Fine,” he said.  “What do you want from me?”  He pouted. He really hated this.
“I thought so.” John grinned. “Alpha arousal is a bit whiffy.”
Sherlock nodded. John’s scent of arousal had been hard to miss. But, since Mary, things were more complicated. Damn, things had always been complicated. “And now?” Sherlock asked.
“Sounds fine.”
, that Charles would make sure his best clients made their way out, but suddenly there were sirens and John was relieved, so relieved.
From now on, I'm going to try and post on a WEDNESDAY (Not Tuesday as I previously stated) and a Saturday.  I was reminded this morning that because we live in a tiny village in Buckinghamshire, the internet can be a bit dodgy, so barring that and all natural and unnatural disasters, that's the schedule.
Sherlock’s brain bubbled with the knowledge that when John came Sherlock’s body would absorb more little bits of his DNA. If there was anything Sherlock needed, it was more and more John Watson. His balls tightened and he squeezed the root of his cock to halt his impending knot and release. “Come inside me, John,” Sherlock whispered. “Fill me with you, John. Do you remember what comes next? You’re going to come inside me and then sink down on my cock and fuck your release, your DNA, John, into me. You’re going to fuck me in every way you can and I will love every single moment.”
“I’m sorry, John.  I have a certain amount of inexperience with human relationships. I never believed that I would have any sort of long-term relationship with anyone, regardless of whether it is one of friendship or love. You have proved to be the exception to the rule. Sadly, that also means you must deal with my ineptitude in this area. I imagine that normal people learn how and when to express themselves. Alas, I do not know the rules.  Forgive me, John. I never meant to cause you distress.”
“There’s something else,” John said. “I’m going away for a few days.  I’m taking Rosie to see Harry. I just need a change of pace. Scenery. Whatever.”
Lestrade sighed. “Nothing illegal, okay?”
John laughed. “I’ve already left my revenge.   I’m leaving a wet patch on your side of the bed.”  Sherlock frowned. His confusion must have been clear because John tried to explain. “What went up must come down?”
“Les?”  Jamie looked confused.  “Ma sister works for her.   Do you know she has fuck all to do wi’ her fuckin’ hats?  Debs, ma wee sister, she’s a genius wi’ felt, like.  Deserves more credit. Useless wi’ fuckin’ computers though. Cannae work anything more complicated than a ten-year-old Nokia. I send Les her time sheets, make sure she gets paid, like. Least I can do for the bairn.”
“Come here.” John held out a hand and helped Sherlock back to his feet. He yanked at the placket of Sherlock’s trousers and, once they were undone, John let them drop.  Sherlock leant on John as he kicked them and his pants away. “Help me get my jeans off?” John asked.
The attempt Sherlock made not to tell Candlar he was a moron physically pained him.  He glanced towards John, but Jessica, the Shih Tzu, drew his eye as she walked across the room and insolently peed in the kitchen doorway.   John turned, then met Sherlock’s gaze. He looked angry.
Sherlock’s heart broke. John Watson, the toughest, most perfect Omega Sherlock Holmes had ever met, was exhausted and sore from the ravages of heat. In the midst of it, he’d taken a trip to the hospital, and suffered embarrassment and discomfort. Sherlock’s penis throbbed and his backside spasmed at the loss of John’s ministrations, but he decided he was made of stronger stuff. He could control his desire. He closed his eyes and thought of the most unattractive thing he could, but still his dick remained stubbornly hard. He meditated. His cock didn’t shrivel a millimetre. Sherlock kissed John’s forehead and closed his eyes. Slowly, the sheer exhaustion of the day drifted Sherlock into uneasy sleep.
John checked his watch—it was nearly quarter past ten now. He’d arrived much earlier than he needed to for the sleeper to Penzance, but Harry had insisted on driving him and she’d mixed up the times. Fortunately, he’d already been packed. He’d been doing his best to avoid her since he got out of hospital, so he’d felt it would be churlish to refuse her offer.
There was no question he’d been a rubbish boyfriend, but even after all these years, the things they had in common—which had drawn them together in the first place—were still there. A love of thriller novels. Movie comedies. Pink Floyd. Rugby (The Saracens). Jeanette was still as funny and clever as she always had been. Had he not already been hopelessly in love with Sherlock back when they’d first met, he might have been able to appreciate how amazing she really was.
Sherlock laughed lightly, glancing up at him from beneath his lashes. “We, uhm, we don’t have much time before we reach Reading.”
“Yeah, it does help, actually,” John breathed. “In more than one way.”
“Very,” Sherlock confirmed. “They’ve been trying to find me a mate since I presented. My mother assumed—as many alphas would—that I just needed an omega to sort me out.”
baby!”
“Eighteen.”
There were tears in John’s eyes. “Why isn’t everyone allowed to be who they are?”
Sherlock tried hard not to say something derisive as he climbed into the back seat beside John. This Michael, whoever he was, would bear watching.
“And me,” Sherlock whispered.
Oh, god, was it possible…
He leaned in and kissed Sherlock. It was meant to be a quick peck of appreciation, but rapidly turned more heated as Sherlock’s scent filtered through John’s ramped up system. John slid eager fingers into the soft curls at Sherlock’s nape and lapped wantonly at his mate’s plump lips.
“So what happened out in the lines?” John deflected.
“It was worth a try.”
Another two days passed and John was no closer to finding the opportunity to have a conversation with Sherlock about...whatever was going on. His husband was simply not at home.
“I would. I love Kit and Drew. And I love this one,” he murmured, gently touching John’s gently rounded belly. “I am grateful every day that you were willing to take that leap with me, but you were enough.”
“So what’s going on?” John rolled to his side, propping his head on one hand. “Why’ve you taken Kit downstairs?”
“Sex is not the determining factor in a relationship, Sherlock,” John started, trying not to sound too much like a doctor. “I knew you might lean more towards the graysexual end of the spectrum, given your history.”
“And then?”
“Love?”
“Anyway,” John said at last. “I know it means a lot to him. And it just sort of belongs here. It’s…unique. One of a kind. Like Sherlock.”
John grabbed for Sherlock’s right hand and pressed it into his thigh. He clasped it there and tried to smile. Sherlock returned the lop-sided effort.
Sherlock could not help his pained expression, or closing his eyes against the knowledge that John would never know just how much Sherlock’s area those very things had become. Fortunately, John was nodding at the carpet.
Sherlock finally looked up, catching John’s eye in the mirror over the fireplace. John knew he was a mess—he hadn’t slept all night. Sherlock’s expression softened slightly.
John shook his head, his expression dark. “I grew up being told that what I felt was wrong. My sister didn’t get on with my parents after she came out. They didn’t turn their backs, exactly, but they never accepted it. I just always thought I wouldn’t make that choice.” John cleared his throat. “And for the most part, it didn’t matter. I like women; I found enough women who liked me. I didn’t have to worry about it.”
He sighed and shrugged his pack more heavily onto his back, tugging on one sleeve as he did. He was simply dressed for his journey in khaki trousers and black Haversack ‘shooting’ coat, which was one of two unexpected Christmas gifts from his sister, Harry. What little other clothing he could be bothered about was in his bag.
Two of the team lifted Mary from her prone position, her arms secured behind her. She was limp and sobbing—a heartbroken sound.
“John, stay calm,” Mycroft reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder. He nodded meaningfully at the sleeping baby. “He’s injured, but not critically. I just wanted you to be aware that his appearance is…altered.”
Sherlock hesitated on the upstroke, trapping the head of John’s cock between John’s belly and Sherlock’s scrotum. He rubbed there, in short strokes, stimulating John’s fraenulum with his own bollocks until John was keening.
“At least she weaned herself without too much fuss.”
“Oh, hello,” John said brightly. “You’ve been so quiet playing over there I almost thought you’d gone away and left us.”
“This diversion?”
John complied reluctantly, his breath catching when at last he saw… “Sherlock?” He choked back a sob and lifted a hand to trace over the lines of the handsome face, surrounded by dark, wavy hair that was still unfashionably long. The burns had healed some, but the scarring would remain on his brow and cheek. The bright, keen eyes and utterly kissable mouth were unchanged. “Sherlock — oh, god. It is you. It’s really you. But how…
John smiled to himself and reached up to brush the mussed hair back from Sherlock's brow.
Finally, Sherlock dropped his eyes to John. His mouth had turned down and there were dark circles under his lovely eyes. John got a glimpse—however briefly—of what his alpha would look like in a few years: Still boyishly handsome, with the same penetrating gaze, but with lines etched into the fair skin from years (John hoped) of laughter.
“Please,” Sherlock gasped. “Please. I want to taste you first.” His cheeks were wet. He’d drooled a little. He knew how he must look, how he must sound. Clearly John approved.
“Good lad. Oh, fuck, yeah. Like that.”
“Did I not?” John blew out a heavy breath. “Well, that’s a difficult period. It’s…complicated.”
“Good morning, doctor,” John said amiably to the shocking John Watson doppelganger he was now looking at in the mirror. The man smiled into the mirror at John, now wearing the NHS driver’s kit (including heavy-rimmed glasses and hat).
“Yes, please,” Kit enthused.
“Oh. No, not really,” John replied, glancing up. “I mean, I do want to be in really good shape tonight.” He paused and thought a moment before shrugging. “But, yeah, mostly I just don’t feel like it. Why?”
“Oh, my god,” John groaned. “Look at you.”
“Yeah, well, he laughed and joked all night,” Lestrade recalled. “And he had one beer. One. Honestly, I've never seen him like that. Not since I've known him. I mean, he's always been easy enough to get on with, but then there was also a kind of weight to him, you know? Like something was eating away at him.”
“If you’re quite finished…” Mycroft droned.
“Did you solve the case?”
“Business.”
John settled back on the bed and pulled Sherlock into the side of his body. Sherlock wrapped one arm around John’s neck. He tugged until John gave in and bent to give him a kiss. It was tender and unhurried; John relished the feel of Sherlock’s soft mouth.
“Good,” Sherlock nodded gingerly. “That’s settled. We just…won’t. I want—that is, I was hoping—”
“That’s fine,” John said, walking with Holmes toward the door. “One question, Mr. Holmes. Is your brother aware of your efforts on his behalf?”
John used one hand to cup Holmes’ testicles while with the other he teased over the length of his passenger’s stiffening cock through the fine wool trousers.
John turned back, a hand pressed to his belly.
John shouted as Sherlock’s body clamped around his prick while the man’s cock striped the wall in front of them.
Sherlock glanced down. He was naked. So he hadn’t imagined that part. And…
“Yes,” Sherlock gasped, writhing now. “Yes…sir…please…oh god, please!”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry….” he moaned.
John nodded to himself, wondering if Sherlock had missed that he'd been crying or if he simply didn't care. It was not something he would normally overlook.
“I just wondered. Mycroft seemed agitated when he moved to pick up our son.”
I’m a fake,” Sherlock said tremulously, looking down at his mate.
They tumbled together into the flat, still kissing as they attempted to tug at coats and jumpers. Shoes were kicked off into corners, and shirts and trousers and pants were unceremoniously dropped to the floor. Sherlock was nibbling at John’s collarbone, mumbling something.
John took the cup and stared at it as Janine continued with a cup for Sherlock.
“John?”
John woke with a jolt, plummeting from unconsciousness with a thud.
John nodded, his gaze lingering on the small strip of skin that was bared with Sherlock’s buttons all undone. “I told you earlier that this is the most ‘right’ I have felt since coming back. I need who you are. What you do. It’s where I’m meant to be.”
He set to work and within a few minutes had John’s drip and leads all rearranged in order to push John’s bed over. He stopped the bed right next to Sherlock’s and locked the wheels once more.
“And the work?”
“Sussex Downs,” Sherlock muttered.
“Is everyone all right?” the fireman shouted into the crowd of displaced tenants.
“You’re moping.”
“What?”
“Well, no, but…”
So why was he upset?
“You’re so warm,” he muttered.
“But you’re not…” John glanced at Sherlock’s flaccid cock.
The staircase to their flat seemed endless somehow, with John’s fingertips searing into his waist through the thin wool of his suit jacket. Sherlock walked as quickly as he could with John attached to him. When they reached the landing, he allowed John to continue guiding him into the flat.
“Had access to the atomic clock uplink.”
John gazed down at him and stroked his hair. “I’m going to fuck you,” he said softly.
Greg shook his head. “Nah. I’d rather face this with a friend. And it’s not like I’m in a hurry, is it?”
“Yes! John, John, John….”
“He’s restless,” John answered Margaret simply. He offered what he hoped was a reassuring smile. “But I think his pain may be a bit better.”
“Now listen, you,” Mummy hissed, tugging on the arm around which she had wound her own. “This exhibition was your father’s special request for his birthday. I won’t have you ruining it with your sulking.”
Sherlock slammed his hips into John’s body twice more. With a hoarse shout, he came.
“Hmm, well only in the sense of dipping your curls in the inkwell.”
It wasn’t as though John was immune to him entirely. He knew that. He knew, too, that it was ridiculous to think John could love him back in the same way—regardless of what happened in his Mind Palace. Yet there was still something between them. Perhaps…
“No!” Mary shouted, clearly beginning to panic now. “No! Go away! We don’t want you here! We want to be left alone! My mate and I are having a very quiet night in and we can’t have any interruptions—”
_________________________________
“I’ll find a way. It’s worth it.”
“Don’t. Please.”
Sherlock could only moan his agreement to that. He dropped to his knees and attempted to help with John’s last clothing. Somehow, though, the button fly on John’s jeans was being particularly difficult. “Damn it!”
John sat up and stretched, shifting Sherlock from his comfortable spot. Sherlock jerked awake.
John shook his head. He could not dwell on it. Could not allow himself to think about how close he had come to losing Sherlock all over again. Losing Sherlock forever. For real.
A horrible noise stuck in John’s throat and his face twisted as though he were in pain. He braced himself against the wall with one hand. The other hand flattened with a thump over the centre of his chest as he bent slightly from the waist. His breathing was rapid—far too rapid. He was beginning to hyperventilate. Sherlock could see the sweat beading on his forehead.
The duration of his drive over had been spent cursing. He didn’t mean to worry about them as much as he did. They were grown men, they were not his responsibility (though Mycroft Holmes occasionally suggested otherwise) and they had all moved past Sherlock’s faked fall/John’s ex-wife/whatever the hell Sherlock had been up to with Charles A. Magnussen. Greg had finally begun to relax a little.
into it? I didn’t ask him to develop his fixation. This is hardly my fault.”
Sherlock let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. He’d been dreading the idea of John really seeing him—all of him—without clothes for the first time in a fully lit room. And instead here they were, bathed in the weak, warm glow of the small lamp. John’s lovely face was washed in the amber light, shadows dancing in the laugh lines and dimples Sherlock adored.
Sherlock choked a little. Sputtered really. “But…but y-you…you said you liked him.”
It was some time, Sherlock supposed, before he returned to his senses.
“Yeah, well,” John said dryly. “Not like I don’t have anything to mope about.”
“Well, then.”
“Won’t be a moment,” Sherlock continued, ignoring his mother’s disapproval and Greg’s amusement. “Come along, John.”
“Hmmm.”
“Good.”
“It isn’t safe for me to come home, John. To Baker Street.”
John watched him in silence and waited.
John looked at Sherlock and, seeing the confirmation in the other man’s eyes, he nodded. “He is. What do you think?”
“And you. Try not to start any wars before New Year, hmmm?” Sherlock slid out of the car and reached back in for his painting. “Happy Christmas, Mycroft.”
“I’m sorry, love. I was upset and she was right there…it didn’t mean—”
Sherlock shoved heavily into John’s body as he recklessly and awkwardly smashed his mouth into John’s.
“Is there something you wanted?”
Sherlock flushed, letting his hands fall to his sides so John could push his shirt down his arms. Now, fully bare, he stood unabashed before the man he loved. John’s eyes were hungry, his touch worshipful. He moved forward until they were nearly pressed together and continued to graze gentle fingertips over Sherlock’s body.
“Now,” Sherlock groaned. “Fuck me!”
Maybe she’d simply hoped Sherlock might survive. Maybe she had called the ambulance to hedge her bets. It didn’t matter. He didn’t care.
“Dr. Watson?”
“It was a great deal to ask of me.”
John continued, sliding his hands down over the taught abdomen and then…
“May I come in?”
“Morning,” Sherlock replied. “How long have you been awake?”
“Yes. Exactly. And then there's the other thing.”
“Name’s Sherlock Holmes,” the young man said suddenly, sticking a hand out.
The boy went down hard, spinning half a turn before falling flat on his face on the restaurant’s lovely hardwood.
“Mhmm. And is he bonded?”
Later that night, with the boys upstairs in bed giggling off their sugar high in lieu of actually sleeping, John crawled into a nice warm (but not too hot) bath. Sherlock was nearly finished with the last of the clearing up—including the sticky icing—and shooed John out of the kitchen.
Sherlock hesitated briefly — Emily had always been very affectionate with him and he had always done his best to reciprocate in some way, though he occasionally felt ill-equipped. Now, however, it was crucial that he not disappoint her. He caught John's eye and the look of understanding there. John smiled at him and gave an almost imperceptible nod. Sherlock returned it and leaned in to give Emily a gentle peck. When he withdrew, he found Emily smiling up at him. She patted his cheek with one small hand before turning back to her father.
Fran opened her mouth as if to speak, but seemed to think better of it. She took a deep breath, cast one last scathing look at their difficult charge and departed.
“Oh, fuck, oh, Christ yes. You feel amazing. Sherlock, Sherlock, SHERLOCK!!”
“What?” Sherlock protested innocently. He waved a hand in the direction of his catatonic brother. “I didn’t do anything to him. He’s been like that since he got here!” He raised a brow at Greg, hovering in the doorway. “And would that have anything to do with you?”
John jolted awake at the shout erupting from his patient. He mentally cursed himself for having dozed off, jumping a little when the young man’s eyes suddenly snapped open.
He’d almost forgotten about them.
Sherlock tried to reply, but his tongue had stuck to the back of his throat. He nodded and clenched his fingers in John’s short hair.
“Uh…cucumber? I can slice it up.”
“And that’s how you’ll be spending Christmas Eve?”
“I know,” Sherlock said gently. “I know what you need. Come on.”
John watched her leave, hating himself but unable to look away from the grace of her figure as she moved. After a few minutes, he shook of the pleasant reverie of the rare good times that had been part of his brief relationship with Jeanette and returned his focus to the task ahead: repairing his marriage.
Finally, John gasped and wiped at his eyes with his napkin. “Oh, god, that was brilliant,” he sighed.
“Sherlock, I’m no longer young. I’m short. I have grey hair. And I’m waddling. I mean, come on.”
“Unca Myc?”
“Well, I had assumed,” John said, puzzled.
John smiled at him. “I do know that.”
“Oh, yeah. Right.”
Needless to say, he had not hesitated. He'd jumped to his feet and eagerly followed Sherlock to the bedroom.
“No, it’s fine,” Sherlock said softly. He laid his hand on top of John’s. “It’s all fine.”
John let that settle over him as he rested, dozing with the morphine and losing track of time. When he woke again, the room was dark and there was a gentle beeping from another monitor on the other side of the room.
“The baby is a minor hiccup,” Mary sighed. “Unplanned, but very useful in the end. David’s sweet, but I don’t see any need to keep him around.” She rubbed a hand over her belly. “Don’t worry about us. We’ll be fine.”
“Sherlock,” John grumbled. “How can we have lived together for six months and only
__________________
Janine calmly grabbed another tea cup and saucer, poured in a little milk and handed it to John. “No sugar for you.”
“But you didn’t think to
John scowled at her, but Janine just chuckled.
John nodded, refusing to meet the man’s eyes—which were an unusual and rather captivating colour in addition to being unnervingly attentive. “Could you open the bag for me, please?”
“Also supposedly from her employer,” Sherlock interjected.
It seemed so final. So incredibly, indelibly, inevitably final. There was no changing anything now.
“She’s very talented,” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock glanced over at John who was waking. “Oh, hello. Nice of you to join me.”
Fortunately, it did not take much longer to reach their destination. John clambered up onto the bed he had not yet shared with Sherlock, relinquishing Sherlock’s lips only just long enough to realize that the man had not, in fact, been deterred from his thoughts at all.
“Sorry?”
Drew was anxious not to be missed out. He had already reached for Uncle Greg and been granted a kiss. Now he was straining in Sherlock’s arms to get to his Uncle Mycroft and Emmeline.
“I didn’t bring you up here for a tour.”
_______________________________
Sherlock nodded, still a bit dazed.
“That’s it, my love. YES. Let go. Let it happen. I’m here. I love you.”
"Thank you," she said. "And have a lovely evening."
“Look at you, my big boy,” John said. He stepped over to the coffee table and reached down to pull Drew into his arms. “Going to take a few more steps today?” He nuzzled the baby’s cheek and went a bit melty when Drew sighed and wrapped his little arms around John’s neck.
it was. It was extraordinary; it was quite extraordinary.”
“Oh, I can definitely relate to that,” John commiserated.
“Mary—hello. How are you?” John smiled as the alpha entered his office.
John tried to sidestep his patient’s unusual career path. “So you don’t feel love. Or affection. Or friendship. Ever?”
“It’s just tinsel,” a female voice replied, a little testily.
“Extraordinary,” John blurted.
“You…would. Really? Why?”
John softened immediately. “Not at all, my love. You just happen to find short, grey-haired doctors with scars attractive.”
consider bonding with you.”
They left the room separately and met up at the hospital’s service entrance where Mycroft had dispatched a non-descript delivery lorry. They connected with Mycroft once more and were informed that the tac team was en route. With their ground support on the way and air support on stand-by, John took the wheel to drive them the short distance west to the village of East Dean.
“Keep your eyes fixed on me. Please, will you do this for me?”
John chuckled. “Do you know, I’ve never heard you use the word ‘babysitting’ to refer to looking after Drew and Kit.”
“I know. So am I. But we’ll be strong for each other. You’ve taught me how to do that.”
Sherlock rubbed his fingers through the sticky mess and attempted to push some of it back inside his mate’s body. “Fun is nice, too,” he mused.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Then why will you not believe that I feel the same about you?”
The banging on the door continued — and, as predicted, banging on the wall he shared with Mrs. Highbridge began.
“They’re not that interesting. Not to a doctor who went to war.”
John dropped his gaze to the floor. “I know that. It’s been…jesus, Sherlock. Everything is a mess.”
“Of course. Anything.”
just solved it!” Sherlock corrected.
“221B?”
“The thing is,” John started. “The thing is, I want this to be perfect.”
“All of it: Rules, regulations, uniforms, working with simple-minded idiots…oh, don’t look like that. I didn’t mean you.”
"Is that a question?"
“Are we going to your headquarters?”
The door slammed into the wall as Sherlock threw it open and fled.
John’s shaky legs eventually gave out, but neither of them was interested in going any further than the floor. They settled in front of the fireplace, still wrapped in each other’s arms. Sherlock made a circle for John with his arms and legs; John shuffled in to press his back to Sherlock’s chest. It was effortless, as though they had always been this way together.
“We need to get the wall down.”
“Not sure you guys should be down in this part of the house.”
“And I’m brave.” John leaned into Sherlock’s space and placed a delicate kiss just below his ear.
Margaret moved around the bed and studied their patient for a moment. “What does he talk about? Has he said anything about who he is?”
“I saw the, uh, car downstairs. Is Greg here?”
“Piss off.”
“What is it? What have you found?”
Oh, he’d gotten used to being alone and to parroting Mycroft’s mantra that caring was “not an advantage.” But then this doctor-soldier had marched into his life, and everything had changed. He had changed. John had changed him, and it was good. Somehow, he had managed to find his soulmate and, as luck would have it, his soulmate was Dr. John (Hamish) Watson.
“The child is not yours.”
“John…” Sherlock mumbled into his mouth.
“Sure?”
John squeezed his eyes shut. “That is none of your business.”
“J-John…I…oh GOD!”
“Well, yes,” Sherlock said, puzzled. “Problem?”
“Oh! Oh, god!”
The man nodded again and one of the men behind him stepped forward to tug the brown-papered package from Sherlock’s grip.
“And?”
“Fine.”
Strong arms closed around him, and John shattered. He accepted the embrace gratefully, leaning into William’s familiar shape and burying his face in the comforting cardigan. The scent was all wrong, of course—omega, not alpha—but there was enough of Sherlock there that it felt like home. He clung to the older man and sobbed.
“Can I see?”
John glanced up at the change in his passenger’s tone. “Helps? With what?” He slipped his hands around Holmes’ narrow waist, carefully feeling the band of his trousers. John closed his eyes and willed his cock not to swell at the idea of digging his fingers into Holmes’ waist and dragging the lean body up against his own.
______________________________
Sherlock nodded helplessly, lips parting in anticipation. He felt the smooth, blunt tip of John’s member bump damply against his face.
“Oh, I can—” John started.
Mary nodded, her blue eyes drifting very subtly over his frame.
John pursed his lips, studying his friend . Finally he nodded and handed over Emily’s bag. “It’s only the one doc who’s called in sick, so I’ll be done by teatime.”
“Mols?” Greg’s voice carried down the stairs. “Em says you need to see this, too. It’s very, very important.”
Finally, with a deep sigh of resignation, Sherlock lifted his phone and dialled.
“Daddy?”
“Thank you. Thank you!” John panted. “How—”
“But we’re well behind the line. And no one will know we’re here.”
“Have I hurt you?”
“Sherlock!” John shouted finally as they passed through what had to be the final transition between cars. “Where are we going? Where can we—?”
John glanced at Sherlock and smiled at him fondly. Sherlock had to work quickly to prevent a look of shock. They were in character, of course. John was merely helping to paint the picture of a deeply intimate relationship.
“Fascinating. Perhaps that’s why my brother was so tight-lipped about you when he informed me that I was either going to attend this appointment or be transported to rehab.” Sherlock dipped his chin. “Go on then. Aren’t you going to ask me what it was I noticed?”
“I’ll start today.”
“They’re lovely, honestly,” John started. “I don’t know why their sons are so paranoid about introducing them to their boyfriends.” He considered his own first meeting with his in-laws, on the day of his bonding celebration. “Margaret can be a little intimidating at first. She talks a lot and tends not to take no for an answer. Apples don’t fall far, do they?”
Sherlock couldn’t feel his right leg. Perhaps it was referred pain from his heart. The right side of his lower lip twitched.  It could be a stroke.   When he closed his eyes, he saw flashes of light. His pulse had risen, he knew it. He put his hand around his wrist to surreptitiously take his pulse.
Oh, and I've been reading 'Rosethorne' by Suitesamba (I don't know how to do links and things) lately and loving it. So I'm recommending it for y'all.
“Mr Holmes,” Dr Marshall said. “You look much better already.” She walked over to check Sherlock’s drip stand. “And you’re certainly far more hydrated. How do you feel?”
Sherlock took his hand out of John’s pocket and waved John’s wallet in Mycroft’s face.
“What if I’m not very good at it?” He rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I think what Sherlock is getting at, Charles, is that when Jason and Simon got together, they stopped hiring rooms from you and ended up on your payroll. They no longer earned you money and started to cost you money.  Was that frustrating for you?”
“We’re going to start Mr Holmes on saline with some glucose to maintain his blood sugar and hydrate him. The results of his scans will be expedited, but that chair is yours if you need it.” She pointed to a chair in the corner of the room. There was a blanket draped over the seat and what looked like a vacuum cleaner in front of it. John looked at the chair and then at the nurse. She laughed. “It’s really not as bad as it looks. I promise.” She walked towards the door. “I’ll be back in a minute with a drink and sandwich for you. Mr Holmes should be back very soon too. Just so you know.”
“I’ve got that sort of face,” Sherlock said. He smiled. The Paramedic looked slightly frightened. Silence. Even Rosie stopped crying.
“I trust that you would like to know where your Dr Watson presently is?”  Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
“Make love to you?”  Sherlock finished.
John had said that he was finished with Langridge’s. He planned to devote himself entirely to Rosie. From the conversation with Piero, it also appeared that John had experimented with Fabian as a precursor to a sexual relationship with Sherlock. Was that option gone?
“Turn, turn!”
“He was trying to protect him,” Piero replied. “It is foolish to think that a prostitute would need to protect Daniels, a man who works for the government.  I love Fabby, but I also know that he is not very clever.  Do not be upset by his lies, John. He is not sober enough to have a conscience.”
“Maybe he thought it’d keep you interested,” John said. “I’ll let you use a dildo on me if you want?” John looked over at Sherlock and saw his eyes darken with excitement. “You want to?”
“I’m sure.” John lifted his legs to push his bum forward. “Do me.”
“How about you come and then kneel between my legs and suck me off?” Sherlock wanted an unimpeded view of the men in the sex swing.
“I can’t say for sure, Dr Watson, but I’m sure Doubles down the road is pretty happy about all of this mess.”
“Inspector.” Fabian got to his knees and waved.  With everything. “You look tired, Mr Policeman. Would you like me to give you a little pick-me-up?”
“In that case,” Mycroft said as he lifted his phone and started to text. “We shall need clean clothes for her. Nappy too.  Anthea will meet us at Grosvenor House so we can change her.”  Sherlock nodded.  They were headed south west. Westminster?   “The car is waiting.”
Lesley Shaw and the man known as Mark Tyler married eighteen months previously. All signs were that the marriage was purely convenient for the blackmailing operation.  Tyler’s real name was Frank Little, a known criminal with links to organised crime, including a certain Marquês.  A businessman, the real Tyler, was declared missing in 2004.  Little was likely responsible for his death. Apart from the connection to Doubles, there was no reason why he’d have killed Jason Liverson or Brandon Cox.
There were three other men in the VIP lounge.  They were sitting on a long, black couch that faced a small, empty stage.  Right in front of them, to left of the stage, was a small bar. John glanced at the other VIPs.  One looked like a bloke from one reality show or other, but the other two men didn’t seem familiar. He smiled and followed Sherlock to the bar, hand still in his.
“This is for people who want to eat food off naked bodies,” Sherlock said.  John looked at him.   “Obvious, John.”
Sherlock grinned.  “Online roleplay only.  Give me ten minutes, then we can go see some hookers.”
“Might be,” Molly replied. “You’re a better chemist than I am, but it may be possible.”
“Shhh.” John stroked Sherlock’s thigh. “You’re a fucking firecracker, aren’t you?  I want to go slow and you’re just determined to go fast aren’t you?”  He eased his hand closer to Sherlock’s cock, touching it with just the tip of a finger.
Donovan walked back into the room holding the bagged butt plug with the tips of her fingers. She passed Sherlock a pair of latex gloves, opened the bag and let him reach in to take the sex toy.  He examined it carefully and then grasped the base and turned it.  The end of the butt plug unscrewed to reveal a secret compartment. Inside was a note.
John lifted the flesh-light. His dick was hard and drooled thin trails of precome down his shaft. John wiped the slick he still had on his hand over his penis, then pulled the flesh-light over the top. He jumped when it tightened around him and more lubricant oozed onto his cock.
“Yeah,” John replied. “I’m happy for people to see us kissing.”
“Fed up of both,” John said.  “I’ve booked us a table somewhere nice. You need to go and put on a suit.”
“Some stuff that bloke gave me,” the man said.  His eyes rolled up into his head when he attempted to focus on John.
“I will endeavour to lather up your testicles with adequate sufficiency, yes, John.”
Sherlock heard the downright embarrassing noises he made against John’s neck.  Not that John seemed to notice; he grunted with every thrust of Sherlock’s cock.  His free hand grasped Sherlock’s backside so firmly it was almost painful.
My God!
“And I really need to get up off the floor. Everything feels bruised.”
“You two,” Lesley said. “You’re adorable.” Her mobile phone bleeped. She went pale as she read the screen.
“Were you aware of the connection between Mark Tyler and Doubles, bruv?”  Sherlock sat down and indicated to John that he should do the same.
“It seems daft,” Simon said.  He sat in the client chair. “But Charles is like me dad.  He picked me up off the street in Manchester, told me I was better ‘an ‘at and he bought me ‘ere.  I know sellin’ sex is sellin’ sex, but it’s still safer than a street corner. Or so I thought.”
“When I had a look around, there was a couple in the middle shagging,” John said.  “Blokes come into these rooms and wank at whatever’s going on.”
“Oh.”
“Enough.  When is Daniels back in the country?”
“All ready then.” Sherlock took John’s hand and led him from the room.
“John,” Sherlock moaned on an inhale.  The kiss seemed more intimate than anything they had done so far.  His cock thickened and he arched his body up to find friction. In the end, he simply grabbed John’s hand and drew it down to his crotch.  “More.”
“Fine.  Get back to me on the other thing then, yeah?”  John stood and walked towards the door.
Maybe all this sex and relationship stuff was going to be all right.
“No.” Sherlock shrugged. “The chances of you falling pregnant are quite low since this was your first…” Sherlock’s face went a bit pale. “Too early to say,” he said, eventually. “Although the likelihood will increase down to the quantity…”
John inhaled sharply, eyes open wide. He spread out his arms and gripped the sides of the bed just to hang on as his body arched and tilted. Smoothly, Sherlock pulled the dildo from John’s arse and then slipped it back in.
“How about I sit down, and you can rest on top of me?”
John turned to Sherlock.  “No sex, we want biscuits?” John asked softly. He smiled and Sherlock gave him a sweet, rather chaste, kiss and smacked his arse.  “Ow!”
“Lestrade?”  Sherlock said under his voice.  “You need to tell your men to at least pretend they’re in here for sex.  They look like they’re waiting for a bus.”
“Tell him you love him.”
“I’m so hard, John, I could do press-ups hands-free,” Sherlock replied.  He rubbed his cock against John’s hip to prove the point and left a trail of precome across the skin.  “I need you.”
When Ian had appeared in the kitchen fifteen minutes later, Sherlock handed him a mug.
“God, Sherlock, I needed this.” John wrapped his hand around his dick. “Doesn’t feel right but it’s enough for now.” John’s hand blurred with frantic wanking.
“But why should you have to look after her?”  John sat down on the top step next to Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled.  “It seems that you’ve described us both.  Since I never expected to be happy at all, what you’ve done verges on the miraculous.” He turned off the shower and reached for towels.  “Might I suggest we make a drink and read for a while? I do have a fascinating book about murder rituals that would suffice for some bedtime reading.”
“Don’t you dare do that yourself,” Sherlock said.  He took the lube from John and motioned for him to get onto the bed.   After crawling over, Sherlock kissed a line down John’s chest and groin.  He grasped John’s cock and licked a stripe down its length before sucking the head into his mouth.
“She poorly too?”  John’s face scrunched itself up and he began to cry.  “What’s happening?  Why are we all in hospical?  Even you.” He pointed at Sherlock and lowered his voice to a whisper. “Even you’re here.”
“It took a while.” John shrugged. “Mary was good for me. She got me over you, you berk. But since, well, my old feelings have come back.” John looked down at his knees. “The truth is, I’ve remembered what it is to want you.
“I wanted to talk to you about something intimate,” John said. “So, I thought I’d wine and dine you first.”
Sherlock had undressed. “Let me lie down.” As soon as he’d lain flat, Ian straddled him, squeezed out more lube and pressed four fingers into his arse.
“Take me to bed?”  Sherlock asked when he finally pulled back for a deep breath.
“Is it hygienic to eat in the bath?”
“Wednesday.” Sherlock sighed. “I’m perfectly fine.”
“Shush.” Mary had pushed the dildo in again. “That better?”
And this kiss was deeper. It was more intense, though still imbued with the meticulous care of Sherlock’s previous kisses. Sherlock’s hand moved from the back of John’s neck up to the back of his head. The external occipital protuberance. Damned if John didn’t mouth those words into the kiss, and damned if Sherlock didn’t smile in response. He swept his tongue over John’s lips, and John didn’t know who started to tremble but knew he felt steadier then he climbed onto Sherlock’s lap, one knee against each hip.
John nodded.
“We’ve been to a urinal at the same time before,” John pointed out. “This is the same.”
The lights were on in the blackout room.  Sally Donovan pulled Sonny to his feet. From the grazes on Sally’s knuckles and the bruise on Sonny’s cheek, he’d fought back too.  John stopped.  He removed his mic and earpiece and nodded for Sherlock to do the same.  Free of the mics, Sherlock watched John lick his lips and focus on the pale ‘v’ of skin visible at Sherlock’s throat.
“And why on earth should I do that?” Mycroft asked.  Marion walked into the office and the conversation paused while she brought in refreshments.
“You know what I mean. Are you going to rinse this shampoo or what?”
“Can you tell me who the Prime Minister is?” The paramedic asked.
John knew the tactic. He counted on John forgetting about the conversation by morning. "Sure," he replied.  He rested his arm over Sherlock’s stomach. He traced the edge of Sherlock’s ribcage with his fingers and followed their curve.   As he reached the side, Sherlock turned to face John.
“Never. Not if you don’t want to. I was just trying to seduce you in a nice way. Y’know, when we’re not angry or just happy to be alive. I wanted you to have sex with me because you find me attractive and want to have sex with me.”
To John’s surprise, Sherlock nodded. He looked abashed and a little worried.
Sherlock lifted his head and smiled.  He clicked the vibrator off and John hummed long and low as if he’d been powered down.  His eyes closed.
"Can I ask you an odd question?" John asked.
“So, Mr Holmes, as much as I appreciate your concern, fuck the hell off.” John took a deep breath.  “I was a soldier, Sherlock, and I am a medic. I know how to look at what I’m asked to do and calculate risk.  Just because I’m not a genius doesn’t mean I haven’t analysed the risks and the benefits of this operation. I have.  We’re going to be in a room, snogging, surrounded by policemen. So, get a fucking grip with your ‘alone saves me’ bullshit and look at the people around you who you can rely on.”
“University College Hospital?” John asked.
“A bit,” Sherlock admitted. He imaged Mycroft in a negligee and shuddered. His penis was certainly more disinterested now. John was hot and tight around him. He pulled out a little and slowly eased back in again. That felt good. Very good. He’d always bottomed before but this was something else. He pulled out a little further than before, then pushed back, and the pleasure reverberated through him. Though Sherlock didn’t want to stop bottoming, he was more than happy to top if it felt like this. John seemed to be enjoying too.
“Forgiven,” Sherlock whispered.
. “The blackout area at Langridge’s is this twisty-turny area on the fourth floor. There’s a bit in the middle where there are sofas and there’s, oh God, I hate that I know this, but there’s a sex swing in there.”
“I agree,” Sherlock replied. “Regardless of the fact she gave her life for mine, I can’t tell you why your wife kept this from you.”
“More,” Sherlock agreed.  John pulled out and pushed two fingers back inside.  “Good.”  John allowed Sherlock’s body to relax before he rubbed the prostate again.  Sherlock moaned and his pale thighs shook a little. John licked the tip of Sherlock’s cock and received a hissed, “yes,” in response.
“I didn’t even know that was possible,” John said when he’d got his breath back. “You’re a fucking wonder, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Not a word,” John said, his expression stormy.  Without another word, he pressed his mouth against Sherlock’s. His tongue bullied Sherlock’s out of the way and flicked around Sherlock’s mouth in a not entirely good way. As if he noticed Sherlock’s ambivalence, John dropped to his knees and dragged Sherlock’s pants and pyjamas down.  He wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s not disinterested cock and shoved it into his mouth.
It felt odd. Sherlock’s eyes opened. Yes, he was stretched, but more than that the sensation of something pressed into that place, going the wrong way, was peculiar.
WARNING: There is a moment in this chapter where Sherlock observes what is happening and becomes concerned about whether someone he's watching having sex is feeling discomfort.  It's a short-lived moment and it all turns out okay.  There isn't really any detail, however, if you want to skip that moment, the worst of it's in a paragraph that starts with the speech: "Fu-uck."  It's referenced (getting better) a few paras later.  I have to say, I'm a wuss with sex nasty, so it's really not that bad.
Sherlock swiped uselessly at the few tears that managed to escape.
“What do you think, then, Drew?” Sherlock asked.
“That isn’t enough for you.”
William nodded. “I daresay I’d be more worried about you if you were.”
“It won’t.”
“No, no,” John tried to reassure him. “But Daddy has to take special care not to get upset and I wasn’t doing a very good job of that just now. We’re going to make sure everything is okay.”
The calm, unassailable façade of the soldier had returned. This man was a far cry from the mild-mannered doctor Mycroft had first met—funny how the same man could have such very different aspects. Though, Mycroft supposed, Dr. John Watson, the sex therapist and gender medicine specialist he had once approached for help with his baby brother, had been a man still trying to assimilate back into civilian life.
“I’m going to have to tell him.”
“That’s very true.”
“John?”
John turned back to the bed, tying his robe belt. “Come on, lazy bones. Let’s get the day started. We have lots to look forward to.”
“Come in, please. Join us.”
“Baby’s bag is by the door. Kit needs his jacket. I’ll get Drew into his car seat.”
“Willing?”
Captain John Watson turned his attention to the pretty redhead at the foot of the mobile hospital bed he’d taken to sitting beside during quiet moments. Her name was Margaret, and she came from a small town in Saskatchewan. She was often his only real company through long nights at the Cappella di Santa Domenica.
“I know,” Sherlock beamed at him. “Want to see some more?”
“Thank you so much,” the young man said, his voice dripping with gratitude. He dragged John behind him up the stairs. He glanced at the ticket briefly and turned to their left down the narrow corridor.
you?”
Sherlock fidgeted as he noted her attention was focussed fully on John. She did not take her eyes from the good doctor as she answered her son. “I’m well. Hale and hearty. Very pleased to be here, of course. I can’t tell you how glad we are, Sherlock, that you’ve found yourself someone, when we…well, we were beginning to think—”
“Which is precisely why I should have,” Sherlock huffed. He reached behind him to place a hand in the centre of John’s chest as the front of the cottage came into view. “Front door’s open.”
Kit peered up at his papa, nose wrinkling in confusion. “Ock-slates?”
“My John,” Sherlock sighed.
It was unexpected; Sherlock had started out as his patient. But John would be a fool to pretend that he hadn’t been attracted to Sherlock right from the first.
After a few minutes spent putting his bag away and changing his clothes, John returned to the kitchen. He checked the note he'd left on the table that morning:
John exhaled loudly. “So the years of suppressant use…”
The person who’d shot him had intended—
. Or whatever the hell she really was called. Her shitty past brought all of that to our door, and none of us could have prepared for it. The only reason any of us were at risk was because of her lies. Her stupid, selfish lies.”
John grasped Sherlock’s hand and pulled it to his lips. He kissed Sherlock’s knuckles and grinned. “Would you like to go out for dinner with me tonight?”
“That’s something that appeals to you. Living in the country.”
“My medical training did come in handy, but you’re right: I was in the thick of the fighting.”
“JESUS!!!” John arched off the bed, head thrown back, as Sherlock’s hard length slid alongside his own for the first time. He gasped and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
“But…” John ran the past three years of his life over and over in his mind. “But if she’s been working for Moriarty or somebody all along, then—was I…was our marriage part of that?”
“Sentiment.”
“Here!” John shouted, finally spying a door tucked away under the main stairs. He threw the door wide and took the steps two at a time. “Yes, Poe. Edgar Allan. Remember the
“Not good?”
“Your…when we get back..?”
John ground his teeth together. “And two: Why did you allow our two year old to use FELT PENS without supervision?”
“You’re in my seat,” John said. His smile was utterly civilized and his voice low, but there was no mistaking the inherent menace.
“Are you…” Greg looked between the two men, puzzled. “Sherlock, are you ill?”
?” Holmes snapped.
John’s lips tightened. Should have known. “Yes.”
“Sherlock…” he started, looking concerned. “We…don’t…shouldn’t…oh, god.”
“How,” Sherlock finished. “I don’t know how.”
“And you’re all mine,” Sherlock muttered adoringly, hardly realizing he’d spoken the words aloud.
Greg waved at one of the women in uniform. She turned and sent the signal on out into the hallway. Moments later, Sherlock strode briskly into the room. He made a beeline for John, who was already reaching for him.
“So are you. We’re a matched set.”
John was stretched out beside him, lying flat on his back, with the covers tucked neatly under his right arm and pulled over his left. His head was tipped slightly in Sherlock’s direction and his mouth was open a fraction. He wasn’t snoring, but there was a little whistling noise as he breathed in sleep. It was disturbingly adorable.
John retrieved the bottle quickly and then settled himself back between Sherlock’s thighs. He slicked his hand and dipped his fingers into Sherlock’s cleft. “Remember, you’re not to come until I tell you.”
“Yes,” the tall man said smoothly. “About that. A truck will be by shortly to collect you; they were right behind us. The ambulance will not be coming. Mr. Holmes is going with us.”
“John.”
“Poe, Sherlock!” He skidded out into the hall and began looking down the corridors for something.
There was a weighty pause as John considered what he might say. “I’m sorry,” he finally replied. “For your loss.” He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Oh, John…yes.”
“Doctor.”
an idiot. So am I, but you know that,” John rumbled. “The point is, Sherlock, I love you. I’ve always loved you. It’s always been you for me, too. Always will be. Don’t you know that by now?”
“Oh, god, yes.”
Janine chuckled, but kept walking. “Come on, then, lads. Let’s go see your future!”
John nodded. “I suppose I’m going to have to take him to another specialist,” John sighed. “I just don’t understand why Margaret’s scent isn’t helping.”
to find out either. It simply hadn't occurred to him that anyone else would care. And it certainly wasn't anyone else's business.
“Jesus!” John dropped his phone and leapt forward. He began pulling at the loosened bricks as Sherlock continued working on the weak spot he’d already made. They ignored the chaos as more of the television crew made their way into the cellar, and the shouting for them to stop.
He dragged worshipful fingertips over the length of Sherlock’s slender cock. It took only a few light strokes before it was fully erect; the foreskin retracted to reveal the dark red and dampened head. John smoothed both hands up over Sherlock’s hips and under his shirt to caress his lean abdomen. With a wry smile, John shoved Sherlock back against the wall and wedged himself down onto his knees into the narrow space between his waiting lover and the bed. His eyes locked with Sherlock’s, John extended his tongue to flick at the moisture beginning to ooze from Sherlock’s slit.
"Course. Just take a minute or two."
John set the shopping bags down on the kitchen table and stepped through the sliding doors. “Sherlock? What’s wrong?”
“Tired, but just fine. I checked my BP; very close to normal.” John smiled at Sherlock’s solemn nod at this information. “And I did have help. Mycroft and Greg helped with the food—which was pretty entertaining, by the way. Has your brother ever actually eaten a hot dog before?”
The phone stopped ringing. John pulled himself to his hands and knees and rested there, bracing himself for getting his aching old bones to a standing position. As he finally managed to get to his feet, stretching the kinks out of his back and his bad shoulder, the phone began to ring again. John struggled over to the bedside table to answer it.
“A suicide attempt,” John supplied weakly. “She is a lovely kid—bright and funny—but her parents can’t accept that she identifies as a beta female. She’s been through the psychological assessment; we were supposed to meet today to get her started on the hormone therapy for her transition. But something happened at home yesterday. She took a load of pills last night.”
There was a commotion near the car park, and suddenly another great crowd of people shifted back in their direction. Sherlock spotted the producer chatting with someone as they walked—he was tall with darkish hair and a conventionally handsome face.
John used his tongue to trace the edge of the muscle, pulling back to regard the rosy brown nipple. He brushed a thumb over the bud and was gratified when it tightened at his touch. “Is this…is this something you enjoy?”
John watched them go, already starting to feel overheated and a bit achy. With a resigned huff, he moved to the bedroom and flopped onto the bed on his back. He curled in on himself and waited for his body to take over.
