John blushed a bit and faced forward, but he settled a hand on Sherlock's leg. "Right. Sorry." He told Mycroft how to get to the flat and soon they were pulling up on the street outside. He was a bit embarrassed for Mycroft to even see the outside of it. Sherlock was one thing, but he didn't know how Mycroft would feel about his lower status.
. He ducked his head behind his fiance, hoping to be able to hide from her as long as possible.
John squirmed and laughed under Sherlock's kisses. "Hey, c-cut it out!" He grabbed Sherlock's face and pulled him up for a long, slow kiss. "I love you more than that," he whispered against his lips.
John was still holding Sherlock, and kissed him back tenderly. "I love you, too. So, so much. I wish I could fix everything." He kept kissing him, wanting to calm him fully.
Sherlock groaned and stuck one of his fingers in his mouth, wetting it and then taking it out of his mouth with a loud pop. He reached behind himself and started teasing open his entrance. "I'm... fingering myself now. I'm imagining it's you preparing me... Ohhh, fuck," Sherlock breathed as he penetrated himself.
"John." Mr. Watson moved closer and smiled, feeling a bit choked again. "How are you feeling, lad?"
Mr. Watson looked warily at John as he spoke. "Now, lad, you know that won't get you anywhere fast."
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and stroked his back. "Maybe someday I won't have to," he said softly, leaning his cheek in Sherlock's hair. Just then he got an idea, and he turned to look at the flowers beside him. Picking a handful, he started stringing the stems together. It was something Harry had taught him once. When he was finished, he had made a crown of flowers and placed it on Sherlock's head with a smile.
John shook his head, cupping Sherlock's cheek. "Don't apologize. I'm the one who should be sorry." He pulled away from Sherlock to grab the bouquet and handed it to him. "I'm really sorry for upsetting you this morning. And this is a shot in the dark here, but you don't think I'm ashamed of you, do you?"
Ms. Rodin frowned at John, "outside,
John hummed and turned the phone off of speaker, putting it to his ear. "Yes, definitely." He rolled over, arms out, but realised Sherlock wasn't there. He sighed and grabbed a pillow, curling around it. "I wish I could cuddle with you now."
John chuckled a little. "Like that, do you?" He lapped over it again, using his hands to pull Sherlock apart more. "I like knowing what you like. I want to know everything that makes you scream." He plunged his tongue inside, curling it against his lover's inner walls.
"Where'ya goin' so fast?" one of them slurred. "We jus' got here, an' you're lookin' sexy." They all laughed as if she had said something hilarious, and he found himself getting sick with the alcohol on their breath. He took the opportunity while they were swaying unsteadily with giggles and ran off, managing to get away from the dance floor and to the edge of the house.
Sherlock smiled as best he could and leaned into the touch. When they made it to John's flat, Mycroft agreed to grab some clothes for Sherlock and bring them back by later.
John laughed a little and got up. There was a little puddle of his cum on the ottoman, with an imprint of the same on his stomach. He followed Sherlock to the bathroom and grabbed a wash rag, wiping his stomach off.
Sherlock smiled and bent down a little so John could reach better. "You keep saying that... But I really can't see how." He closed his eyes as his lover massaged the shampoo into his scalp.
John didn't answer. He was just overwhelmed. His father didn't seem upset at all and he was here in the same room with Sherlock. For as much pain as he was in, it was worth it if it changed things with his father. John felt tears welling in his eyes as he looked up at him with a smile.
John reluctantly stepped up to the door when they reached his flat. "I'll miss you tonight," he said, getting onto his toes to peck Sherlock on the cheek.
Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement and turned around, going back to his drink. He couldn't help but feel a pit of hurt in his stomach as he thought over what John had said about still being attracted to girls.
John pouted a little. "I just don't like the idea of some girl hanging all over you." He looked down at his ring, a reminder that Sherlock wanted him, not some random bird. He smiled faintly. "I know I don't have to worry. But if she's persistent, she may still try something."
"Sherlock Holmes, what can I say about you? You're so brilliant, so beautiful, so sweet. You captured my heart from the moment we met and I was so glad to give it to you. I've never met another man, another person, who is so...so perfect. And I'm lucky- privileged- to have you as my husband and my best friend. I'll never let you go, and I'll always take care of you, for as long as we both live. You're my whole world, Sherlock. I love you so much." He finished by wiping his eyes and smiling up at Sherlock.
John couldn't believe how gorgeous this place was. The sun was filtering through the canopy of trees, catching on the pollen and making streams of gold light from high up in the sky. And with Sherlock holding onto him, the vibrations of his voice against his back, everything just seemed perfect. He turned around in Sherlock's arms and smiled up at him. "You would share this beautiful place with me?"
like a dog." He leaned forward suddenly, tossing the other boy on the bed and following him down. Sherlock joined their lips in a firm kiss before letting him go and rolling off the bed. "Come on, I know you're hungry," he said and held out his hand.
When they reached the clearing, he moved to be behind John, keeping his hands over his eyes. Sherlock leaned in and whispered, "open your eyes," and moved his hands away, wrapping his arms around the other boy's waist.
John took the scarves and bit his lip, excited. "Take off your clothes," he said softly. "I want to see every centimetre of you."
Sebastian smirked from his seat and Sherlock looked over and glared at him. "Again, I would like to add that we took statements from the staff that Sherlock's father, Siger said was working that morning. One of the maids had let him in after he told her he was a friend of my client's."
"Then what happened?" Helen questioned further, still pacing.
John grinned wryly, stepping closer. "Aw, I'm sorry." He bent a little. "Let me kiss you and make it better." He kissed one nipple, feather light, then moved to the other. He glanced up to see how Sherlock was reacting.
John rolled his eyes. "Please. You're gorgeous, brilliant, sweet and loving. I don't even think amazing covers it, but it's all I've got." He finished shampooing Sherlock and tipped his head back to rinse. "You just told me yesterday not to be down on myself, so don't you get down on yourself. You're the most incredible person I know."
John smirked and pulled away. He wiggled himself down Sherlock's body until he was between the other boy's legs. He started kissing Sherlock's inner thighs tenderly, enjoying the little twitches of his muscles at the attention.
bad. He inched his hand over closer to the other boy on the seat.
John happily snuggled with Sherlock, gazing into his face as they lay together. He tilted his head a little seeing in his face that whatever Sherlock was about to tell him was serious. "Alright. What is it?" he asked. He tried not to worry or anything, because he didn't know yet whether this was good or bad news.
"Yeah. Of course, thank you." John took the suit up to his room and changed. It fit him perfectly, and John wondered if Sherlock had had it tailored for him. Probably. He adjusted his cuffs and fixed his tie before trying to do something with his hair, but it just insisted on laying flat on his head. With a sigh, he went to the living room to wait.
John kept moving his fingers along Sherlock's head, combing through his dark curls. He pressed in closer to his lover's lips, arching his body and letting out a soft sound. He dropped a few kisses into Sherlock's hair, all he could reach in this position. "You're too good to me."
John looked at Sherlock, eyes shining with tears still trapped in them. When Mr. Rodin was sitting down and the defence lawyer was standing, he took the opportunity to mouth 'I love you' to his fiance. He was a bit calmer now that the hardest part was over, and he reminded himself that he needed to be even stronger now that he was on the defence. He swallowed thickly and wiped his eyes, steeling himself for what was to come.
Sherlock gasped and smiled, "I learned from the best," he smacked his lover's arse and walked past him to the bedroom.
John knew in the back of his mind that tonight would wind up being their first time; he knew it from the moment that they started this in the candle-lit room. And he was perfectly fine with it. He wanted to make that connection, the ultimate form of showing his boyfriend just how much he loved him. John kissed him back with the same fervor, slipping his arms under Sherlock to lift him slightly and get closer.
Sherlock smiled seductively up at John and smacked his arse. He gripped tightly to his lover's waist and brought him down harder on his cock, trying to slam into his prostate with every thrust. He bit his lip and leaned his head back, gaining pleasure from it just because of John's obedience to his request.
John bit his lip as he looked up at the house, trying not to feel like a pauper in comparison to Sherlock. He was reassured by the hand on his arm and followed Sherlock inside after turning off his bike. The inside of the house was just as incredible as the outside. The staircase was made of a shiny dark wood and steps that looked like marble. Oh God, were they marble? How much money did Sherlock have? There was a chandelier hanging right in the center of the foyer, high up on the vaulted ceiling. John was pulled from admiring the house with wide eyes as Sherlock took his hand. He squeezed it back, attempting a smile as he went up the stairs with Sherlock.
"Nnnngh, John..." Sherlock groaned and tightened his grip in his boyfriend's hair. His heart was pounding and his hips bucked up, showing his impatience.
John let his mouth fall open and stroked his tongue along Sherlock's. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist so that he could clutch the other boy's arse and pull him in.
"Ms. Rodin?" Helen looked up and saw the usher standing at the door. "Yes?" She said and stood. "The judge would like to speak with you and Mr. Tabling." Helen looked over to the boys, "I'll be right back," she said before walking out the door with the usher.
Sherlock frowned, continuing to hold John and try his best to soothe him. Ms. Rodin soon joined them again and she didn't look too hopeful.
Sherlock mentally smirked at John's reaction, loving the sounds he was making. He wrapped his tongue around John and bobbed up and down in a steady rhythm. After a few moments, his throat had relaxed enough for him to take John deeper so he did... until he felt the head of his cock bump against the back of his throat. He swallowed experimentally to see how John would react.
"Mmm, Sherlock..." John moaned and let his head fall back, eyes sliding shut. He brought a hand up to thread through those gorgeous dark curls, pulling a little, and pressing in closer to his lover.
John ground harder into Sherlock, trying to garner what little friction he could. He should have known what this would do to him before they started. Unless of course that was his plan all along. John almost couldn't stop himself from dancing Sherlock out of the room and pinning him to the wall in some dark corner of the castle.
It only took a few thrusts at the new angle. John screamed as his vision whited out, coming hard and fast all over his hand. The pleasure rushed through him, making his body writhe and leaving him almost numb to anything else. After the most powerful orgasm of his life, he finally slumped back and trying to catch his breath as his mind returned to the conscious world.
John had thought he was a pretty good swimmer, but Sherlock was fast, and he soon found himself trapped. He looked at him in challenge, a smirk on his face. "Do your worst."
Sherlock grinned, "except for my mind... That, I'm afraid, is a hopeless cause." He grabbed the rag from John and squirted more soap on it. He turned his fiancé around and started to wash his back.
Helen nodded, "then he became angry and pulled the trigger?" Sherlock was biting his lip from his chair, nervous for his fiance as it got back to the part where he got shot. He wished he was there by his side to comfort him this time.
Sherlock nodded and slowly unbuttoned his shirt, taking it off and tossing it aside. He toed off his shoes and used John's shoulder for support as he took off his socks. Then he started on his trousers, undoing the button and zipper and sliding them down along with his pants. He stepped out of them and was now standing completely nude in front of John, his cock already slightly hard from the anticipation.
John started to rock his hips, wrapping an arm around Sherlock to grab his cock and stroke him. "I..was right," he breathed out, voice husky. "You are so fucking tight." He groaned and his head fell back, started to go harder.
John let out another cry which morphed into a moan and he started pumping his hand faster on himself. "Th-Then I'm very lucky that I found you...
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and placed a gentle kiss on his temple, rubbing his back until he was able to calm his breathing. "So beautiful," he murmured and smiled happily.
John was watching Sherlock during the entire ride home with one eyebrow raised and a smirk. He knew what Sherlock was trying to do, so he decided to try to foil that plan. He scooted close on the seat and leaned over so that his lips were right up to his fiancé's ear. "Something wrong, darling?"
John looked up at Sherlock and swallowed, shivering in anticipation. He kissed him back, arms firmly holding him in place as he slowly had his senses taken by his lover. When Sherlock pulled away and spoke, all he could do was whimper and nod weakly. Sherlock was far too good at making him melt.
Sherlock pouted, "but I want to do something with you
John flushed and swallowed hard. He licked his lips and tried not to imagine Sherlock tending to his...every need as he didn't want an erection when his father could come back any second. "You are too good to me," he said to Sherlock, kissing the side of his face where he could reach.
John smiled and leaned back against him, turning his head to kiss his cheek. "I love you."
Sherlock Holmes-Watson to you," Sherlock said and poked John in the stomach. He laughed and got out of the hot tub to grab the bucket again and clean out the water.
"What's that?" John and his father both asked at the same time. John was still confused as to how Sherlock could have possibly known what was going on, and what he could have planned.
Sherlock burst through the door of the A & E, marching straight up to the nurses' station. "I'm here to see John Watson," he said firmly. The nurse looked back at him and raised her eyebrow, "I'm sorry, son, only relatives are allowed back at this time." Sherlock felt his eyes filling with angry tears, "I'm his boyfriend dammit! I demand to be able to see him!" he shouted and pounded his fist on the counter.
Sherlock grinned back and chuckled, shaking his head. He leaned in to kiss John on the cheek and grabbed a chip off his tray. "You're in a good mood," he said and bit into the stolen chip.
Sherlock smiled, "sure am." He held the shower curtain back and held out his hand, "after you, dear," he said cheekily and winked.
"You sure you don't need anymore rest?" Sherlock asked. He knew that they wouldn't be leaving the hospital until the morning and he wanted to make sure John was well rested before they got home. He had plans for him once they were alone with no chance of anyone interrupting.
Sherlock smiled against John's skin, "we can't make that a habit, your father might get suspicious," he murmured. He raised up and straddled his lover's hips, "good morning to you, too by the way," he said and leaned down to kiss the other boy on the lips.
Sherlock cupped John's cheek and kissed him lovingly on the lips. "We don't have to go to the party if it makes you uncomfortable," he murmured.
John looked to the envelope. It looked official, like it was from someone important. "Yes, I remember," he said, tilting his head over as he watched. "What does that have to do with anything?"
John hummed softly, smiling back at Sherlock. "It's all right." He did understand why after so long of being hated it would be hard to believe that someone loved you. So John was just going to have to keep proving his love. He grinned up at Sherlock and took his hand to stand up. "Sounds lovely."
Sherlock's jaw clenched as he watched the scene before him unfold. His heart broke at the look on John's face as he walked out the door and he turned back to Mr. Watson.
"Oh it was very much mutual. After all, I did try to seduce you the first day we met. You're just so sexy I couldn't help myself." Sherlock leaned forward and kissed down the side of his lover's neck as he continued to wash him.
"It was the next Monday," John said, looking down at the table. "We had decided not to hide the fact that we were together, but I suppose that Sebastian didn't like that. After school, he had one of our classmates draw me away while he surrounded Sherlock with the rugby team and beat him unconscious." He took a shaky breath before continuing. "I managed to get them away and take Sherlock to the hospital."
John shook his head, but not enough to break the eye contact he maintained with Sherlock. It was making more and more sense, which made it worse and worse. He was sure that Sherlock could tell he was catching on, but he didn't want him to stop. He couldn't stop. Terrible as this was, it was just what they needed to win. 'I love you. So much.' he mouthed towards him. 'You're so strong.'
"Time out... He did? What did he say to you?"
Sherlock chuckled and lifted John up so he could wrap his own arms around his fiance. "Well... It is Saturday, we could sleep in..."
John looked up at Sherlock with a budding smile. "Really? Do you think he would?" That would be amazing. He would have a better chance at getting some scholarships if he had experience to speak of. Then maybe he could forego the army and stay with Sherlock.
John nodded, leaning down to peck Sherlock on the forehead. "Don't worry. I won't let him keep me." He followed Mycroft out of the room.
John smirked up at Sherlock. "Yeah, very interesting. Seeing if we can go a whole night without wanting to fuck each other. My father will be home, you know." He didn't think it needed to be said that the flat was small enough that their...
Sherlock chuckled softly and ran his fingers softly down the side of John's face, cupping his cheek as lightly as he could, so as not to hurt him. "I love you so much," he murmured and kissed his boyfriend again, this one lingering a bit longer. He pulled back and rested their foreheads together, "I promise you that I'll take care of you, I'll do anything to make sure you feel better in no time," he said and smiled.
Sherlock inhaled sharply and shivered at the light kisses. "Um..." he cleared his throat, "th-thank you." He started washing himself this time, turning away and trying to calm himself. John could be such a tease and he refused to give in this time.
John shook his head, smoothing a hand over Sherlock's back. "You're not weak. Not at all. In fact, you're the strongest person I know." He smiled and kissed Sherlock's temple.
"I can promise you that," Sherlock whispered and kissed John again firmly before collapsing fully on top of him and groaning. "God... I wish we had our own place. Then I could have sex with you anytime and anywhere I wanted to."
"Well, I was standing at that point, and Moran shoved me into the wall after I said that. Then he turned like he was going to leave, and punched me in the stomach instead."
... I want you so much." He pulled away long enough to grab the bottle of lube from his bedside table and quickly returned to his lover, giving him a firm kiss.
, John. I can't help but observe everything about everyone around me and it causes people to run away from me. I don't want to die alone, but I know there's a very good chance of that happening because I know no one could ever love me." Sherlock closed his eyes, trying to calm himself. He didn't want to cry in front of John, he hated showing any kind of weakness. It made him feel vulnerable.
John sighed and knelt next to him again, cupping his face in both hands. "I told you," he said softly. "When I look at you, I only see the brilliant, wonderful man you are. So what if you've got flaws? We all do. That doesn't make you unlovable." He leaned forward and gave him a gentle kiss, rubbing his thumbs over Sherlock's cheekbones.
Sherlock led them to the car where Mycroft was waiting and opened the door for his fiance before stepping inside himself. He held tightly to John's hand the whole way to his house, looking over at him and smiling nervously on occasion.
When Sherlock started sucking his fingers, John thought that he was about to put them into him. But he was surprised to see Sherlock begin to prepare himself, and the sight was...
John blushed a little at the compliment and he kissed Sherlock back. He could feel Sherlock's own erection against his leg, and smirked. "I guess it's your turn now, isn't it?" He gave Sherlock a wicked grin as he moved to flip them over. He started trailing kisses down his body, enjoying the pale smooth skin beneath his lips.
"I told you I would still love you," he said quietly. "That is a little scary to know, but only because you came so close to never coming into my life. But the fact that you overcame something like that means that you're even more amazing than I thought." He smiled faintly, "from now on, though, I'm the only thing you're allowed to be addicted to."
John grinned. "Get used to it. There's a lot more where that came from," he said, wiping Sherlock's tears away gently. He shifted to lay his head in Sherlock's lap, smiling up at him. Grabbing both of Sherlock's hands, he laced their fingers and waved their hands a little.
"Damn right I am," Sherlock said and winked. "It's hard not to be with such a sexy fiancé."
Sherlock sat and smiled gratefully at his fiancé. "It's going," Sherlock replied, "can't believe the trial starts this Friday." He looked over at John with concern.
Sherlock was trying to figure out how to get out of the situation he had currently found himself in. He had made the bad mistake of provoking the rugby team captain and was currently backed up against a wall by a group of angry players. He knew what was coming, he'd been beaten up before and he knew there was no sense in trying to get away. It was also unlikely that anyone would be coming along to intervene, because all the professors were gone for the day and he had no friends, so he closed his eyes and waited for the first punch.
He looked up and nodded firmly, "yes, I'm sure." Sherlock turned to John and cupped his cheek, "don't worry about me, love. I'll be fine," he whispered and gave him a lopsided smile.
John made soft, pleased sounds with every touch of Sherlock's lips. The attention left him nearly shivering with the sweet sensations, and his hands came up to rest in Sherlock's hair. He let Sherlock shower him in kisses, very much pleased with what his lover had decided to try.
"Fun?" John said, seething. "I didn't realise when I joined the rugby team that I was joining a gang of bullies. If this is your idea of fun then I don't want a part of it. Or you." He glanced back momentarily at the lithe form of the boy on the ground. Blood was starting to pool from his nose, but he didn't look seriously hurt otherwise. Turning back to Moran, John gave him a dangerous look. "Get out of here before I call the headmaster and get you suspended from the team."
John jumped when Mr. Holmes touched him and he looked up with wide, bloodshot eyes. "No. No, I can't," he said, shaking his head which made him dizzy. "What if he...I can't miss it. I have to be here." His speech was slurred and his eyes were drooping.
John flushed but a smirk graced his lips. "It's hard not to when I have such a sexy boy touching me." He laughed a little at Sherlock's face. "The bathroom is down the hall on the right side if you want to wash your hands." Not that he really wanted Sherlock to leave the bed but he supposed he could live without him for a few seconds.
Sherlock smiled, "yeah, I know what you mean. I'd had a lot of offers you know... Before you. Some of the kids of my parents' friends would come onto me, just wanting sex and nothing more." He shrugged, "But I just didn't want that. I wanted my first time to be with someone special... Someone I truly loved and who loved me back." He cupped John's cheek and kissed him softly on the lips, "And it was."
John slipped his hands around between them, trying to undo Sherlock's trousers. He wanted to feel his lover against him, skin to skin. He managed to get Sherlock's trousers past his hips, following with his pants, before working his own off and finally letting their bare erections touch. "Sherlock..." he groaned, bucking up, though remembering not to go to hard on him. "When you get better...
Sherlock grabbed onto the arms of the chair to steady himself and obeyed John's request. He began rolling his hips in such a way that his arse ever so slightly started rubbing against his lover's groin. He stood up completely and turned around, then straddled the other boy's hips and continued to move to the music.
"I'm sorry, I... I'm so sorry," Sherlock sobbed. He felt so filthy, so ashamed of what he'd been forced to do. Now that John knew, he didn't know what to do. It didn't seem like he was leaving, but Sherlock still felt
Sherlock groaned and kept eye contact with John. "Close... Very close," he murmured and bucked his hips up deeper into his lover's mouth. He screamed out his release and went limp after he was finished, chest heaving with the effort of getting air into his lungs.
"Going to eat something for me, darling?" John asked with a grin as he took Sherlock's hand. He squeezed it lightly as they walked towards the counter to grab trays.
"I know," John said, glancing at the ring on his left hand. "And I can call you my husband. Sherlock Holmes-Watson."
"What?!" Sherlock said and let go of John, his fists clenched by his sides. "The defence claims that Sebastian didn't come with the intention to kill either of you, only to scare you. On top of that, the defence claims that there isn't enough evidence to prove that he wanted you dead."
Sherlock smiled as tears came to his eyes and he pulled John into another kiss, this one firm and full of passion. "My dear John..." he whispered, "you may be all those things, but you are so much more and anything but average. After all... you were,
John followed Sherlock outside but lost him once he got onto the crowded dance floor. Sherlock could be anywhere, likely having a breakdown, and John couldn't get to him. "Dammit!" He rubbed a hand over his face, then saw Mary coming towards him. He shook his head. "I was chasing him but I lost him. He...he's kind of having an attack of some kind. I really need to get to him."
John could feel the roughness of the stitches under his fingers, and he dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock. Very lightly, he brushed his lips over the spot, looking at it more closely. The wound may have been deep, but the size on the outside was small; it would just become a bit of puckered tissue. Sherlock was absolutely right in everything he had said, but John thought he may have figured out the reason. And it almost made him feel sorry for Moran. "Maybe he doesn't know love," he said quietly, letting his fingers ghost over the wound again. "He doesn't know what it's like, and maybe it scares him. Maybe it makes him jealous." It was no excuse, of course. Nothing could ever excuse the pain that both halves of their whole had to endure because of him. But it helped John to understand.
Sherlock grinned and stepped away from John, "you mean like this?" He started dancing on his own, swaying his hips seductively. He raised his arms over his head and brought them back down, biting his lip and sliding one of his hands down his torso.
Sherlock groaned at the slight pain, "Yes, though this time wasn't nearly as bad. If it weren't for you I may have ended up in the hospital again." He grabbed John's hand and squeezed it, "thanks... for everything," he murmured and smiled shyly.
"A little of both," John admitted, burying his face in Sherlock's neck. "I have to be honest, before we met, I was a little afraid of, you know...gay sex." He flushed a bit, hiding his face further.
Sherlock unzipped the bag and rooted through it, pushing aside the various items that would be used later. He pulled out what he was looking for, a bottle of flavoured lube and handed it to John with a smirk.
!" Sherlock screamed his lover's name as he came apart. His voice echoed throughout the room and his muscles convulsed around John's cock as he finished.
Mr. Watson was just putting out their plates when he saw the boys come in. He smiled but it faltered a little seeing they way they were attached. "Hello, boys..."
Sherlock frowned deeper, not sure if he wanted to hear the rest. But he held onto John and listened as he finished.
Sherlock's brow furrowed in confusion, "What... How did that even work?" he said and looked up at Mycroft. His older brother just smiled, "Mummy and Daddy have donated quite a bit of money to this particular hospital," he said and shrugged. Sherlock nodded in understanding. He swallowed hard before he entered John's room. "John..." he whispered and started to walk towards him before he saw John's father sitting by the bed and his eyes widened as he stepped back again.
John kissed Sherlock back, holding him close and rocking his hips up gently to meet his lover's thrusts. He marveled still at how amazing it felt to share in this physical expression of their love. Only Sherlock could ever make him feel this way, and that was how he would always want it.
Ms. Rodin kept her cool, knowing that if the defence realised she didn't know about that to begin with, they'd use it against him. Instead, she just nodded, "then what happened?"
"Well, we better do it as much as we can while we're still young," Sherlock groaned. He felt himself hurtling towards the end and rolled his hips faster. "C-close, John..." he breathed.
," he murmured and grinned.
John smiled a little when it seemed like it was working. "That's right, it's me. I'm here." He kissed the shell of Sherlock's ear and squeezed his hands, trying to pull Sherlock back with the different sensations. He only wondered what had happened to make him so upset in the first place. It must have been something he said. A pit of guilt welled in his stomach at the thought of hurting Sherlock, even though he hadn't meant to.
John tried to wrench himself free when he was pinned to the wall, but Sebastian was bigger than him. He glared at him until he turned away, admonishing himself for his pounding heart. He didn't even have time to prepare for the punch and he fell to the ground hard. But John Watson wasn't going to let him get away with that. He stuck his leg out as Sebastian was walking away, tripping him so that he fell directly on his face.
John laughed. "I'm sure she was thinking the same thing. Maybe you'll have to come here and we can dirty my sheets. Give yours a break." He sighed, running a hand over the empty space next to him in the bed. "I want to kiss you..."
John finally found a spot outside at one of the older benches where no one sat. He set his tray down and started to eat, looking up at the passing clouds overhead
John squirmed, the feeling of the kisses translating badly into his dream as slaps to the face. His hands scrambled to grab onto something but he they waved in the air, unable to find Sherlock.
Ms. Rodin was approaching them a few moments later, dressing in a grey suit with a light blue button down shirt. "They're ready for us," she said and led the boys inside the courtroom.
John's whole body was shaking at the feeling, and he squeezed himself a little harder. It felt smooth with the slickness of his saliva, yet the top was rough as it scraped against the rim of his entrance. "Fuck,
John let himself be turned, whimpering softly at Sherlock's words. "Yes, please...I want to watch it happen..." Actually he wasn't sure how this was going to be. He didn't know how he looked during sex, but he hoped that he didn't look silly or he was going to be self-conscious from then on.
He had a horrible feeling about what Sherlock was about to reveal, especially when he started the way he did. It made a few pieces from the other night with his bad dream fall together.
John grinned, closing his eyes. "Then I guess I'm doing my job right." He yawned, feeling tired. It had been quite a day, and now all he wanted was to sleep with his wonderful fiance. "I love you, Sherlock Holmes," he murmured against his neck.
John's father stepped closer and reached over to touch his son's shoulder. "What kind of father would I be if I let one little spat keep me from my son when he's in need?" He gave him a smile. "You and Sherlock have something very special, and I feel terrible that it took for you to be in the hospital for me to realise it. It's going to take a little getting used to, but I do give you my blessing."
John squeezed his eyes shut against the tears. He clung to Sherlock, trying to calm himself. This wasn't good, not for either of them. After a little while, he had gotten himself under control, wiping his eyes with his sleeve. But he stayed snuggled into Sherlock and kept his eyes closed. "I'm sorry..."
Sherlock whimpered and reached a hand back to grasp at the nape of John's neck. He bit his lip as the song played on and could feel his fiance's erection growing against his backside, only increasing his own excitement.
Sherlock felt his heart sink when John stayed silent for so long. He gasped in surprise when his boyfriend locked lips with him but quickly recovered and kissed him back just as forcefully. He found his next words coming out without a thought. "I promise you, I will never do anything like it again. Being with you is far more powerful than any drug and I couldn't bear to be without you. I was already addicted after our first kiss," he said and smiled through the tears.
It didn't matter that they were both male and it didn't matter if anyone disapproved. This was the sharing of love between two souls who needed each other, making a physical connection that was as close to being one as possible. John bent down to kiss Sherlock again and pushed himself inside.
Sherlock swallowed a lump in his throat and nodded, "I care about him too... More than anyone," he looked at John lying in the hospital bed and then back to his father. "I'm very much in love with your son, Mr. Watson. He means everything to me and he has saved me twice since we have met... I'm just sorry I wasn't there to do the same for him," he ended in a whisper and felt tears coming to his eyes. He walked slowly over to the bed and took John's hand in his, kissing the back of it and lifting it to his cheek.
John turned to Mrs. Holmes as she hugged him again and truly did feel like one of the family. "Thank you, Mrs. Holmes. I'm very happy to be here." He watched her go and then realised that he was all alone...with Mycroft.
Sherlock shrugged, "I didn't think it was anything to worry about. Sebastian always made tons of empty threats. I didn't expect him to actually try anything." He looked down at his hands as he spoke, fidgeting a little.
John smiled back, more fully this time, and looked at Sherlock again. He scooted his chair closer to the bed and opened ilhis mouth, trying to think of something to say. "Um...hi, Sherlock," he started. "I'm really sorry. I feel like I keep messing everything up." He sighed, bowing his head.
Sherlock sighed happily and took John's hand as he led him out to the car park. "This is the first time I'll be spending the night at your place... should be interesting," he smiled and winked at his fiancé.
John hummed deeply in content. "Very much so." He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and snuggled against him. "You are fantastic."
Mr. Watson nodded, smiling. "That's good. I'm glad that you healed up well." He took a few bites before turning more serious. "John and I owe a lot to you, Sherlock. I'm always going to be grateful for what you did to save my job."
Helen closed her eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath before continuing, "and then...?"
Sherlock grinned and joined his fiancé on the bed, crawling towards him and laying down next to him. "I take it you like that, then?" he said cheekily and rested his head on John's shoulder, kissing the side of his neck.
Sherlock smiled at John's nervousness, "of course. Would you... like to come over?" His heart began to pound in his chest from what was either excitement or his own nerves, he couldn't tell. It was exhilarating either way and he hoped he hadn't overstepped some boundary, never having any friends growing up caused him to be rather inept socially.
He led them through the front door, not expecting the welcome that they received. As soon as they started down the hall, the entire school broke out into applause. Sherlock almost felt tears come to his eyes and he smiled, gripping tighter to his fiance's hand.
John grabbed his hands and looked up at his fiance. "You alright?" He knew that the ever-perceptive Sherlock could certainly tell that the mention of the attack on John wasn't the best thing to bring up. But he didn't want him to feel bad about it. It was John's job to let his father know about these things, and he probably should have told him the whole truth from the beginning. He was likely to find out at the trial anyway, if John was asked about it.
Sherlock pouted and poked his fiancé in the side. "Hey! It's not
"Go!" Mr. Watson turned back around and shouted. "Just...leave me for now."
Sherlock gasped and brought one of his hands up to tangle in John's hair. He began moaning softly and grinding up in the same rhythm as his lover. After a few moments, he reached down to start undoing both of their trousers and managed to push John's down without much difficulty.
"I'm lonely. I wish you were here," John said. "I don't know how I'm going to sleep without you." He rolled onto his stomach, putting the phone on speaker and laying next to it on the pillow. "How are you?"
John nodded, keeping a strong front. "Yes, he did."
John shrugged a little, pouting when Sherlock stopped moving. "He might be gone already. Why?"
Mary squealed happily, "brilliant! See you both there!" She picked up her tray and waved goodbye, headed back to the table with the other cheerleaders.
"Yes, it is... Ow!" Sherlock grabbed John by the wrists, "not fair," he said and stuck his tongue out. He let go of the other boy's hands, "no more," he murmured and brought his hands up to rub his sore nipples.
that this was right. Boy or girl, it didn't matter.
He started to whimper audibly, the shaking getting more intense as he tried to focus on something else,
Sherlock continued to pound into his lover, unable to do anything more than pant and moan at this point. He could sense that they were both close to the edge and let go of the headboard, grabbing hold of John's right leg and propping it up on his shoulder. He widened his stance a little in order to hit his fiance's prostate dead on with every thrust.
Sherlock kissed back tenderly, cupping John's face and stroking his cheek with his thumb. He pulled away after a few moments and smiled, "you are amazing," he sighed.
Sherlock couldn't hold on any longer and bucked his hips up again as he came all over his husband's hand. He whimpered softly and when he was finally finished, he slumped back into the chair, breathing hard.
John cried out as Sherlock hit his prostate at the same moment of the smack. "Oh,
John shrugged. "Probably. I haven't seen Da since Friday." He dried himself and then wrapped the towel around his waist. "You're stealing my away from my family," he teased.
"I was so scared," Sherlock sobbed, still clinging to John. "I didn't... I didn't want to do it anymore, but he
Sherlock hummed sleepily and leaned into the kisses, keeping his eyes closed. He tightened his grip on John and snuggled closer to him.
John threw his head back and pushed towards Sherlock as he entered him. "God, yes!" He moaned and tugged on his own cock as he waited for Sherlock to move. His free hand landed on top of Sherlock's, fingers moving between the spaces and holding tightly.
Sherlock pulled back and smiled at John, "I want to show you around the house," he said and stood, taking his fiance's hand. He led him down the hall and into a side room with a billiards table in the center of it. "This... is the game room." He pointed over to the corner, "mum insisted on installing those arcade games even though neither me or Mycroft were remotely interested."
John watched Sherlock as the defence lawyer started questioning him, hoping that he'd be able to get through these questions a bit more easily. After all, they hadn't been prepared for the fact that Sherlock was going to testify. But when he started asking about the drugs, John knew that Moran must have been somehow telling his lawyer to ask about them. He stood with Ms. Rodin when she objected, one second away from saying something himself.
John chuckled. "Well, be assured then that I will be taking advantage of that." He pumped his hand even faster, pressing hard into Sherlock's slit, and sucking another mark onto his lover's pale skin.
Sherlock laughed, "I think I can manage. After all, you did get me off twice in less than an hour. A new record for us, yeah?" He grinned at John and led them back towards the house.
, hurry!"
John poked his tongue out at Sherlock and then moved to kiss along the line of his jaw. He hummed softly as Sherlock's hands roamed his body, and he let his own trail over the lithe form of his lover. He loved the feel of Sherlock under his fingertips. His skin was so soft and smooth, like nothing he'd ever felt before.
Sherlock smiled reassuringly and patted John's hand, "well... we will get started right away." Sherlock spent the rest of the day helping John as much as he could on labs and their class assignments. Their last class was Chemistry and Sherlock stood behind his fiancé, hand wrapped around the other boy's as he held a beaker full of water over a Bunsen burner.
John watched Sherlock as he spoke, unable to imagine what it might have been like to grow up in the Holmes family. He was a very lucky boy, John knew that much. But he felt bad that Sherlock hadn't had any friends. Even if he couldn't make friends at school, John would have thought that the wealthy friends of his parents might have had children his age. In another way, he was sort of glad. Had Sherlock already had friends, they probably wouldn't have ever met. When Sherlock was finished, John's lips formed a half-smile. "To be perfectly honest, if I knew that you were so wealthy, I might have been afraid to approach you myself. I mean, I'm pretty much the complete opposite of you." With a sigh, John decided to tell his own story. This was really nice, talking with Sherlock. All his 'friends' at school only ever wanted to talk about girls and sex and sports. At least Sherlock seemed capable of other forms of conversation. "My mother left us close to seven years ago now because, um...Well, my sister Harry sort of revealed to us that she is a lesbian, and mum didn't really like that. But da wouldn't let mum kick her out, so she left instead. That's when things started to get hard. Harry was just about to go to college and my father put most of his savings towards that. We've been scraping by ever since. That's why da wanted us to move to the city because we could get a smaller place to live and he could find more work." John flushed a little, keeping his eyes on the ceiling towards the end.
"Right." John scooped Sherlock back into his arms, running into the building. As soon as they saw him, the workers scrambled to get a stretcher and laid Sherlock out on it, wheeling him away. John didn't want to leave him but they wouldn't let him back so he sat in the waiting room, wringing his hands. He'd be okay. They were helping him now.
Sherlock sighed happily, resting his head on John's shoulder as they rode to the castle. When they arrived, he gave his husband one last kiss before opening the door and climbing out of the limo.
"It's probably because of them being so long too," Sherlock said and smirked. He followed John to the hot tub and sat down in the water, settling his fiancé between his legs and starting to massage his shoulders.
Sherlock was able to keep his mind off of his nightmare the evening before by focusing fully on his schoolwork. Lunch came quickly, thankfully, and Sherlock waited at the table for John to come eat with him.
John nodded in agreement. "I told him to get out. And, uh...kind of told him that I'd be able to take him down since he didn't have the rest of the rugby team with him." He'd almost forgotten about that. That made him seem like he was provoking him.
"Hey... you have nothing to worry about, okay? Everyone that will be at the party have no reason to mock you. If they do, I'll stand up for you." He smiled reassuringly at his fiance and poured the champagne, putting the cork back in and setting the bottle aside before taking one of the glasses from John.
"I've never brought anyone here before. This is my special thinking spot, I come here when I've had a particularly bad day and need to clear my mind," he murmured, his head on John's shoulder. He kissed him gently on the cheek and tightened his arms around him, "I wanted to share it with you."
John rubbed very slowly up and down, biting on Sherlock's pulse as he did so. "Enjoying yourself?" he murmured softly. "I'll bet you like the danger factor here. Any second, one wrong move, and someone could realise what we're doing. Does that make you more excited?"
, yes, Sherlock..."
John took a deep breath, the hand on his back only helping marginally. He saw his father's gaze follow the hand and then look at him in suspicion. That pretty much gave it away already, so with a whoosh of breath, John began.
John kept his hips moving, kissing Sherlock back as he whimpered at the sensation. He reached one hand down and stroked his own cock, using his precum to slick himself up.
... because I have something to live for.
Sherlock smirked, "yes, dear." As they drove, he could tell that John was nervous and he tightened his arms around him, trying to show some comfort. He knew that what John's father thought was very important to him and he hoped that he was accepting of his son and of him.
Sherlock inhaled sharply as John's finger penetrated him and he groaned again, overwhelmed with all the sensations. As he went deeper, he felt him brush against his prostate and arched his back off the bed in pleasure. "Shit! Oh
Sherlock grasped onto John's hips, pulling him up into a kneeling position as he increased the rate of his thrusts. "Ohhhh, yes, love. Come for me... Let me hear you.
Sherlock grabbed John's wrist and forced his hand off himself. "No..." he growled, "I want you to come with just my cock. Can you do that for me?" He looked up at his lover, his eyes telling him that he wasn't going to really force him to try if he didn't want it.
John smiled a little, glad Sherlock liked it. He kissed him back, but yelped as he was lifted, arms automatically circling around Sherlock's neck. He let himself be lowered to the bed and when Sherlock laid down he took both of his hands and laced their fingers together. "Any time you want, starting tomorrow," he said.
Sherlock nodded, "yes, I think that would be wonderful... wait right here," he smiled and walked over to the dj, whispering something in his ear. The dj nodded and changed the song. A familiar soft tune came over the speakers...
John paused for a moment, not lowering his hand, but quirking his mouth to the side. "He does this a lot then," he said, continuing more gently with his cleaning. It wasn't a question. John had found out quickly that Moran had a temper, but he didn't know that he took it out on defenseless people. Once the blood was gone, John patted Sherlock's face dry and got out his first aid kit. There was a nose splint inside which he brought towards Sherlock. "This might hurt a little. I don't think your nose is broken, or your tear ducts would probably be going wild. But you should wear this at least for today." John put the splint in place as gently as he could.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and frowned before wrapping his arms around John and attacking his face with kisses. He rubbed their cheeks together, making sure to get more of the cake on his husband's face. The guests laughed as the photographer took pictures of the whole episode. After a while, Sherlock pulled back and smiled down at the other man, shaking his head. "You're lucky I love you so much," he murmured.
John tried to control himself but it was getting hard when Sherlock moved his hips forward. He didn't make any moves but he hissed a little at Sherlock's fingers digging in. He took a moment to breathe, trying to force himself down before saying anything. "It's all right, I don't want you to be in pain." John smoothed his hand through Sherlock's hair. "When you're all better we can do whatever you like."
"Well," John said with a playful huff. He pulled himself out of the hot tub after Sherlock and grabbed his towel. His skin was pretty wrinkly at this point and he figured it was best to get out.
John swallowed and smiled up at him. "I love you, Da."
Once he was able to get his breathing calm, he rolled off of his lover and just laid there on his back, staring at the ceiling. "I swear... sex with you just keeps getting better," he breathed and chuckled.
John hummed happily and kissed him back. "I love you, too. You're so perfect. Everything I've always wanted." He gave him another few quick kisses.
He gently laid him on the bed before climbing in with him and pulling him into an embrace. Of course, he was careful to avoid all his injuries as he did so. "How do you feel, darling?" he asked gently, stroking Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock was still smirking to himself as John started to get undressed. He managed to look up just as the other boy was bending over to step out of his trousers and he gulped down his bite of food. "Dear God..." he gasped, his eyes taking in every detail of John's body. Rugby had
" he yelled.
Sherlock leaned in and locked their lips together as he untied John's trunks. He slipped his hand underneath and started stroking him again. His tongue slid against the other boy's and he groaned as his hand moved along John's aroused flesh.
"Shit...
Sherlock waited as patiently as he could, but soon found he couldn't anymore. He decided to help John and started working on their trousers, growling as he fumbled with the buttons and zippers.
John returned the kiss, finally relaxing completely under the touch of his lover's lips. "Don't worry. Mycroft's got nothing on you." He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held him close. "I'm glad to be yours, and wouldn't want to be anyone else's." He pressed his forehead to the other boy's, closing his eyes.
They spent the rest of the reception dancing, mingling with their guests, and sneaking in as many kisses and touches as they could. By the end of the night, John was pretty tired, but one fact kept him awake. They'd soon be on a plane to Paris, where they'd be spending their honeymoon.
It was all John could do to keep from tackling him to the ground and choking him. He stood calmly, as tall as he could, and stared up defiantly at Sebastian. "You lay one finger on him and you'll find out exactly how it feels to be on the other side of one of your 'lessons'," he said, voice low. He was right on the edge of losing it. If Sebastian made one wrong move...
Sebastian moved in closer and put his hand around Sherlock's throat, "oh, well Mary has decided she has a crush on John... wants him to fuck her. I'd say they're probably taking care of business right this second," Sebastian said and grinned.
Sherlock nodded and gave John another kiss. "It's time," Ms. Rodin said and led the boys back out to the courtroom, showing them to their seats. Sherlock kept a tight hold on his fiance's hand as they waited for the judge to rejoin them.
Sherlock grabbed John by the wrist and pulled him off the dance floor and out the door. He speed walked to the driveway, demanded the keys from the driver and instructed him to leave for a few minutes. His hands were shaking, so it took a little while to get the door unlocked, but once he did he jumped inside and pulled John in with him by the lapels of his jacket.
John thrust his fingers, smirking as he realised he was giving Sherlock a show. When he couldn't take it anymore he pulled his fingers out, sitting up and climbing into Sherlock's lap. Body shaking a little, he lifted his hips and hovered over Sherlock. He lowered down slowly, feeling Sherlock penetrate him and he cried out in delight. "Oh...oh, Sherlock,
John paused for a moment, remembering yet another thing he had done that would be considered provoking. He tried to make an apologetic look as he locked eyes with Ms. Rodin again. "I fell over and as he was walking away, I grabbed his ankle and made him fall on his face..."
Sherlock laughed and wrapped his arms around John's neck, smiling up at him as he was carried out. When they got inside the limo, he cupped John's cheek and kissed him firmly. "It takes about twenty minutes to get to the reception at the castle from here," he murmured against his husband's lips. He smiled at the other man, a mischievous sparkle in his eyes.
John kept his eyes purposefully averted from the bar and the girl with the bottle, and turned towards the dance floor. He grinned and tugged Sherlock over, for the first time feeling confident in his abilities. As soon as they hit the floor, he turned his back to Sherlock's front, putting the other boy's hands on his hips, and grinding to the rhythm of the song.
John squirmed a little, Sherlock's kisses tickling. "Hey, cut it out!" He pushed Sherlock's head from his stomach and sat up. "You make it like I'm a dog or a baby or something," he grumbled, ignoring his stomach making another unattractive noise.
About halfway down the aisle, he made eye contact with John and smiled. John looked gorgeous, his hair slicked back and a perfectly tailored suit on. He tried to ignore the whispers of the guests as he walked, but caught pieces of them. Things like: 'so handsome', 'lucky to have each other' and the occasional 'how long until the reception?'
"Hello boys! How's the trial stuff going?" he asked. "Come on over, I'm just about done with dinner." John took Sherlock towards the kitchen table and pulled a chair for him before sitting down himself.
John grinned at Sherlock as they were led to the dining room. Yes, it was smaller, but no less elegant. The table was made of smooth dark wood with matching chairs and a cream runner was draped across the length, which happened to match John's jumper. The china was simple with a swirling rose-coloured design around the rim which caught the colouring of the walls.
"Sebastian asked me to join in but I told him no," John said, casting a short glare in the convict's direction. "Then he said that they were just having fun, and that was the moment I decided to quit the rugby team. I said that if he and the other boys didn't leave that I would get the headmaster, so they finally took off."
As the food came out, John's nose was filled with a heavenly aroma. The soup alone looked fantasitc, not to mention the huge, golden browned turkey. John waited to see which spoon Sherlock picked up before picking up his own and taking a spoonful of soup. Dear God, that was fantastic.
"Twenty-seven," Sherlock said. Helen had turned towards the other lawyer once he had spoken, but after hearing Sherlock again, she turned back. "What was that?" she said, her brow furrowed.
"Now, boys... I want you to realise that I will do my best to help you get this monster behind bars, but... You have to be prepared for the alternative. There's no way for me to know all the questions they may ask you and they may not be as nice as I was. Be prepared for anything, that's all I want you to do. If you're prepared and stay strong, then we'll have no problems." She smiled at the boys and reached out to grab their joined hands, "keep each other close, that will be key to your success in this trial as well." She smiled, tears coming to her eyes as she stood and gathered her things.
Sherlock was lost in his mind again and started to murmur as he rocked back and forth. "Don't want you to be ashamed... please, please... I can't..." He whimpered and felt tears start to fall down his cheeks. Just then he heard the voices start up again, Sebastian's practically yelling
John whimpered softly as Sherlock spoke to him. "I-I'm nothing compared to you," he said. "Oh, fuck...You're fantastic. Brilliant,
"Not at all," Sherlock murmured and smirked, "that's what makes it even more fun. The risk of being caught," he leaned forward and nipped at John's bottom lip as he continued to stroke him.
attack!"
John shook his head, slowly looking down. "No. He just let them do it." He glanced back up and over at Sherlock, seeking to give and receive comfort as they both struggled with the painful memory.
John was in awe watching Sherlock. His movements were so graceful, his entire being involved in the music. It was a beautiful sight, and he found himself captivated. That this perfect creature could love him so was a miracle. He smiled as he caught Sherlock's eye and when he was finished, he applauded. "You never cease to amaze me, Sherlock," he said, getting up to kiss him.
John swallowed, imagining himself in Sherlock's arms, being touched everywhere. He knew what his fiancé was trying to do. Two could play at that game. "I would bury my face in your neck, and kiss you there. You have such lovely skin there, so pale and smooth."
"Oh god, yes... John, please..." Sherlock moaned and looked up at his lover. He locked gazes with him and whispered, "I need you so badly."
John clung to Sherlock as he calmed, staying inside of him and just breathing in his lover's scent in the post-high bliss. He finally turned his head and caught Sherlock's lips in a kiss. "I love you, too. So, so much."
Sherlock shrugged it off,
John licked his lips a bit nervously. "Well, I never said that I only like boys. I still see appeal in girls," he admitted, hoping Sherlock wouldn't take it the wrong way. Then he added with more confidence, "Sherlock is very special, though. It wouldn't matter if he were a girl or a boy, I would still love him the same."
John blushed furiously at Sherlock's deep voice in his ear. He swallowed as the other boy pulled away. "Sherlock... you don't make it any easier you know. You know just how to get me riled up." He stopped by his bike and turned Sherlock to himself, pulling him down for a rough kiss.
John leaned into the touch and kissed Sherlock back. "Morning," he said when he pulled back. He looked up at Sherlock, seeing his bed-tousled hair and the sleep just barely present in his eyes. Sherlock was gorgeous like this. "I quite like you being the first thing I see in the morning," John said, running a hand through his curls.
"I'm really sorry. But I want to introduce you to the boy I was with," John said, breaking away. That seemed the best segway into this. "Da, this is Sherlock Holmes."
John looked down into the bag, eyes widening as he realised what was inside. He vaguely wondered how it managed to get past the bag checks without any questions. Then again, it was Sherlock; the Holmes family connections. He looked at a few of the items in the bag, finally shaking his head. "No. Tonight I just want you, just how you are. We've got plenty of time to...try this other stuff."
Sherlock cried out when John hit his prostate with every thrust. He could feel his lover's hot breath washing over his ear and the friction on his cock with every movement. Soon he was shuddering with the intensity of his orgasm, clinging tightly to the other boy as he rode it out.
John jumped, clutching his backside at the hit. "You're going to be the death of me, Sherlock Holmes." He followed Sherlock upstairs and opened the flat. "Da, Sherlock's here!" he called, a fair warning in case they couldn't help themselves.
Sherlock sighed, "I didn't tell you because I didn't want a fuss being made... But obviously that's exactly what's going to happen." He groaned again and buried his face in a pillow.
"Then... he undid his trousers and pulled his... penis out. He forced my jaw open and told me to suck. When I kept my mouth closed... he nodded to the other rugby player, who came up behind me and put a pocket knife to my throat. I was so scared..." he whispered, still keeping eye contact with John and shook his head slowly.
... That's it, love. Come on... come with me," he murmured and locked their lips together as he felt himself reach the peak of orgasm, wanting to finish at the same time as John.
John bit his lip. "Well, yes."
John had never before felt such a mixture of satisfaction and anger at the same time; the former to see Moran in prison garb like he should be and the latter because he hated the boy with a burning passion. He was glad that his chair was closer to the bastard than Sherlock's so he could shield him as best as he could. When Moran looked over John met his gaze with a fierce glare. If there was one thing about this situation that he wasn't afraid of, it was him.
John didn't know what to think when Sherlock started undressing, but then smiled and took off his own clothes. He left just his pants on and climbed into bed with Sherlock. He snuggled up against his fiance and pulled the duvet up over them.
John sniffled a little and swallowed down the lump in his throat. "Thank you," he said and snuggled against Sherlock. "I can't imagine life without you now," he admitted against Sherlock's neck. "I've never had another person who was so important to me. And I'll never leave you or let anyone take me from you, nor you from me."
John looked up at Sherlock, hovering over him with his curls tousled, eyes-half lidded as they grazed over him. "That makes two of us," he said, reaching up to press his palm to Sherlock's chest. "Take me, Sherlock." He spread his legs further, trying to give Sherlock as much of himself as he could.
"Objection! Badgering!" Ms. Rodin shouted and stood, slamming her fist down on the table. The judge gave the defence lawyer a warning look and he put his hands up in a placating manner, "no further questions."
He pulled his clothes on and followed the other boy out of the bedroom. "Did we have to do this first thing in the morning?" he asked around another yawn. "I was enjoying sleeping with you." He caught up with Sherlock and leaned on him, eyes closed.
Sherlock sighed contentedly, glad the rumble of the engine drowned out the sound. He was almost sad when they approached his massive driveway, loathe to give up this closeness to John. As they pulled to the front of the mansion, he could see Mycroft peeking out of the window of the third story and hoped he would stay up there for the duration of John's visit.
John brought his free hand to card through Sherlock's curls as they kissed, feeling the emotion on Sherlock's lips and giving it back tenfold. Every kiss like this... it was magical, to be cliche. Fireworks shooting off, sparks of electricity, the whole shebang. And the best part was from the first kiss to right now, it was the same intensity, and he couldn't see it dimming anytime soon.
Sherlock smiled, "I'll be right beside you," he said softly and leaned in to kiss his fiancé on the lips. He kept it slow and loving, closing his eyes into it.
John smiled up at him, so happy that he didn't have to leave Sherlock. He leaned into his touch, heart soaring. Not only had Sherlock saved him but he made things better. "You are amazing. Absolutely amazing."
of racing games."
At Mr. Holmes's question, John looked over to his father who seemed a little nervous about answering. "Well, I...I am a mechanic. I work in a shop on the outskirts of the city." John didn't miss the omission of his other job, but he figured his father just didn't want to tell them that he had to work two jobs to survive.
Sherlock looked around, trying to find John and he shook his head. "No... I'm actually here with my fiance. Thanks for the offer, though."
Sherlock shrugged, "I always thought this house was
John pushed back to meet Sherlock, wanting him as deep as possible. He moved himself, finding the perfect angle to get his prostate with every thrust and cried out. "Oh...Ohhh, fuck yes,
Sherlock continued running as fast as he could until he couldn't breathe anymore and collapsed on the ground in sobs, his back against the wall. He brought both of his hands up to his hair, gripping tightly and trying to calm himself. But it was no use, his heart was shattered. He couldn't believe that something like this could happen and started rocking back and forth, tears flowing freely down his face.
Sherlock laid on his back and chuckled breathlessly, resting his arm over his eyes. "I take it you enjoyed yourself then?" He smirked and crawled up towards the head of the bed, pecking John on the lips before collapsing on the mattress beside him.
Sherlock made his way down his lover's torso, kissing and nipping the skin until he made it to his trousers. He rested his hands on John's knees and unbuttoned and unzipped the trousers with his teeth, making sure John was watching him the whole time.
taste.
John was lying on the couch when his father came home in between his first and second shifts. He was absently flipping through the telly, and his father plopped down near his feet. John smiled, sitting up. "How was work?"
"John?" Footsteps came towards them and his father emerged from the hallway. "John, dear God. Do you know what you put me through yesterday?" He hugged his son and John let go of Sherlock's hand to hug him back.
Sherlock's hands clenched into fists, he hated hearing this part. Even though it wasn't his fault, he wished he had been there to stop them. "What did they say to you?" Helen asked, stepping up closer to the witness box.
Helen shook her head, "I'm sorry, no... If something happens while he's up there, you can, but you can't be next to him." Sherlock swallowed and grabbed John's hand tighter. "Are you
"My guess... a dance party. Mary is pretty well known for her parties and loves a good dance party. Of course as you've probably already guessed there will be booze there. Mary's parents are usually 'on a trip' the whole weekend." Sherlock knew John would probably want to avoid any drinking, but he himself was looking forward to the opportunity to dance with his fiancé again.
Sherlock shook his head, "No, I just... Can you kiss me?" He bit his lip, feeling a little weird that he felt the need for it. But for some reason, he felt a little scared of being restrained like this and needed the reassurance.
Sherlock shook his head and stood, "the tan line on your left ring finger, for starters. Along with the way you looked at me and John ever since you met us. You seem like a very strong woman and any man who would let you go, especially treat you as badly as he did... doesn't deserve you."
John moaned and kissed Sherlock harder, using a mix of teeth and tongue to try pleasure his mouth as well as the rest of him. He curled his fingers and twisted them, searching for Sherlock's prostate, while his other fingers circled outside. He pulled away from the kiss to breathe, only to move to Sherlock's neck seconds later and start sucking hard.
Sherlock smirked at his reaction and tightened his hold as they sped out of the lot. He'd never ridden on a motorbike before, but it was very exhilarating and the speed coupled with how tightly pressed he was to John caused adrenaline to flood through his system. He leaned forward and rested his chin on John's shoulder, smiling. He was extremely happy and hoped that John was okay with the closeness.
John stared up at the man defiantly. He thought he felt more like a soldier in this moment than he might have ever felt like if had wound up going into the army. "I wouldn't really say that. I had only gone to the school for a week at that point, I just knew him from rugby."
Sherlock smiled lovingly up at John and reached up to stroke his cheek," so are you, John," he whispered and pulled John down for a hug, embracing him tightly. "I hope you know what you're getting yourself into," he murmured. "I won't be able to let you go now, I intend to stay with you as long as I can."
"It's... hard to explain actually," Sherlock said and sighed. "Most of the time I just lock them away, shove them to the deepest part of my mind. Sometimes..." he swallowed, hesitating to finish, but he did anyways. "Sometimes locking them away just isn't enough..." he whispered.
John held the phone close to his heart. He wished that he could hear Sherlock's voice reading the texts. It just wasn't the same imagining.
Sherlock smiled as best he could and nodded, "I will, I promise." He grabbed a piece of toast and started nibbling on it, ignoring John's glare when he didn't eat more. After breakfast was over, Sherlock went back to his room with John and started to change into his swimming shorts in silence.
..." he moaned.
John looked up and nodded, running over to the witness stand. He knelt next to Sherlock and pulled the other boy into his arms, cradling him to his chest. "I'm h-here, Sherlock," he said, still crying. "I love you, s-so much." He rocked the other boy, kissed him, whispered to him, everything and anything that he knew usually worked to calm his fiance. He was truly the strongest, most brave person that John knew.
John was getting dizzy from being surrounded by so many knackered people who all smelt so vile, that when Mary came running up he had to shake his head to focus on her. He was glad to hear, however, that someone had seen Sherlock and followed her to the pool house. He looked and listened for any signs of his fiance. "Sherlock? Come on, love, say something."
Sherlock collapsed on top of John when he was finished. He closed his eyes and listened to the sound of their breathing as he calmed himself and turned his head to kiss the side of his lover's face.
John watched him go, wondering who that might be on the other end. His father was supposed to be working today. He must have ran out as soon as he found out John was here. Hopefully nothing bad happened because of that.
"Yes, close your eyes, pretend it's me." John pulled his trousers and boxers down to his knees, still stroking with one hand. "I want you to stick them in deep. You have nice long fingers, do you know that? They're fucking perfect." He stacked his hands one on top of the other, making a tight hole which he started to thrust into. "
John's entire face went red at the thought. "You can't even hold out for the hotel?" he asked with a smirk. "How am I going to keep you busy for two weeks in France?" He shook his head at his impossible husband as they were allowed through the gate.
John hummed against Sherlock's skin at the scratching. He moved down the long column of Sherlock's neck to his collar, undoing the buttons one by one. With each new patch of bare skin, he paused to lavish it with kisses and gentle nips here and there, until he had finally opened the entire thing. Then he went back to Sherlock's lips and kissed him languidly, letting his hands caress his beautiful body.
John groaned as Sherlock's hands passed over his aching arousal. As soon as Sherlock had turned around, he pressed in behind him, wrapping his arms around the other boy's waist to undo his trousers. He slid them down his legs with teasing slowness, followed by his pants, until they were both stark naked.
John listened to Mycroft as he spoke, not once taking his eyes off of Sherlock until he was done. Then he slowly turned back towards him and nodded once. "I...I love him, too. He's so special," he said quietly. Then with more determination he continued, "I swear, I never had anything but good intentions and that won't change. I will take care of him and protect him and stay with him as long as he wants me around."
Sunday went by a lot slower than Sherlock would have liked. He was forced to attend a brunch his parents set up for a few of their more prominent friends and he snuck texts to John under the table throughout the afternoon of his deductions about the guests. Things ranging from the fact that the new prime minister was trying to quit smoking to the fact that one of the men had been having an affair on his wife for a little over 2 years, but was oblivious that she was cheating on him with his boss.
Sherlock chuckled, "yes, we should do this more often... makes clean up easier," he reached forward and wrapped his arms around John, kissing the side of his neck and holding him close. "Thank you... this was the best birthday I've ever had," he murmured and smiled.
Sherlock growled softly and pulled both of their trunks down past their hips. The sounds his lover was making caused him to be aroused as well and he wanted to join in. He stepped closer ad pressed both of them together, wrapping his long fingers around their lengths. "Oh God..." he moaned loudly.
The effect was immediate and John turned into Sherlock, clinging to him. "Sherlock...I don't want to leave you..." He could barely get the words out because for some reason he started to cry harder once Sherlock was in the room with him. He buried his face in the other boy's chest, hands tightening on the back of his shirt.
"I don't think I could have waited another day for you, love. I'm so glad you found me when you did," Sherlock said softly and reached up to pull John into another kiss. He clasped his lover's hand over his heart and poured all his love into the kiss.
Sherlock murmured something incoherent and nuzzled further into John. His arms came up around his fiance's neck and his eyes fluttered open to look at the other boy and smile sleepily. "Hey... you're strong too," he mumbled when he realised he was being carried and pulled himself closer to kiss John on the cheek.
Sherlock turned to face John, tears still in his eyes. "Can I? I mean... I don't want to be an imposition..." He bit his lip and looked down at their hands.
John instantly felt guilty. He hadn't meant to make Sherlock cry. And hearing what he had to say almost made John want to cry as well. It was heart-wrenching. Reaching up his fingers, he gently brushed a tear from Sherlock's cheek. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn't have asked." John bit his lip. He wanted to say that he could love him, quite easily he thought, but that was too much too fast. So instead, he decided to show Sherlock in another way, without saying it outright. "Tell me what you noticed about me," he said, offering him a smile of encouragement. "I want to see this for myself. It can't be as bad as you make it out to be." John brought his hand down to grab Sherlock's and squeeze. "I promise you, I won't be going anywhere," he added softly.
John couldn't believe how hot this was. He wished he could get hard again, because this was perfect wank fodder. Sherlock writhing and moaning like this...
