“Did Fury mention that this isn't a typical...um...visit?” Steve asked as he took his seat on the stool across from his model. The lighting seemed to be good enough from this position he concluded.
“So tense and tight already. Your body is begging to come isn't it?” Tony observed as he petted the pads of his fingers over Steve's sac. He circled his fingers lightly over a particularly sensitive spot of skin that had Steve panting and rocking his hips.
“Ride me, ride me Tony. Fuck! Harder you can do it. Harder!” Tony was panting, groaning with every thrust backwards onto Steve's cock. It was perfect each pull back and thrust forward his own cock sliding in Steve's fist. Steve was completely out of it, all he knew was the searing pleasure. He thrust into Tony almost brutally hard as his omega tried to keep up with the pace. It was so much better like this, so much more intense and fulfilling when Tony allowed his body to be natural. Everything about it was right, the sights, the smells, the feeling of the wet heat around his cock. Steve could feel himself getting ever closer to that edge. Steve felt the flooding of sensation all at once, his balls grew tight and his cock literally jerked inside of Tony's ass as he pumped himself in a few more strokes. Steve came with a shout, short abortive little thrusts as he emptied himself, pulse after pulse of his come filling his omega.
“No you're fine, it's the fabric. Having trouble with some of these folds with how you have it wrapped.”
--- At Avengers Tower---
There were muffled noises from down the hall, maybe he could hear Bruce talking with Tony in one of the other rooms. Steve grabbed the pillow and covered his head with it and tried to shut out the world around him. Maybe this problem of his was a lingering side affect after the fact, it would lessen with time it had to. The guilt he felt over the whole situation was enough to ruin sex forever, but every time he pictured it, despite the self loathing, his cock grew hard at the memories.
“Fuck-yes-yes that! Please!
Tony just stood there dumbfounded...hand going up to touch his lips. Steve had just kissed him. He used that commanding Captain America voice of his, and damn if it hadn't made Tony weak in the knees, and his cock a little hard. Tony shook his head, just a game. Steve was trying to get the upper hand, make him falter-no Tony wouldn't give in that easily. He tugged at his tie, loosening it up some as he walked to the rental car and got in. He wasn't expecting Steve to actually show at the hotel, but maybe Steve would just to confirm the win for that kiss. Tony would be ready. He drove back to the hotel and went up to his room. First going to the bathroom to splash some cold water on his face.
A fist was aiming for his unprotected head Tony raised his arms again to block, crossing them as he had done before, the hit pushed him back, his feet scraping against the dirt. The bleeding edge was losing more coverage, he was vulnerable.
Okoye was hesitant to let them land, but perhaps in this situation the enemy of my enemy is my friend would have to do. She hit the communications channel. “You are cleared for entry there is a landing pad in front of the palace.”
“Keep talkin like that and I'm going to assume you have an armor fetish. Ask me to jerk you off with it or finger fuck you.”
“What are you doing here Tony? You never come to the gym at this hour.” Steve had wanted to sound authoritative, but what came out was only weariness.
It was certainly a man. Only his eyes were visible as he wore a red silk veil across the lower half of his face that was held in place by a gold chain. A decorative gold headpiece hung across his forehead, it was simple with a red jewel in the middle and draped along the sides of his head. His dark hair was cropped short and styled in a fashion that to Steve seemed to defy gravity.
“You want it Tony?” Steve asked and sat up on his knees. He picked up the bottle of lube and coated his length with it. Steve squeezed the base of his cock as he gazed down at Tony, all hot and needy before him the view alone could have had him coming like a damn hormonal teen.
“I love you.” Tony said in his soft honey smooth voice.
“I love you Tony Stark.”
“I have money, they gave me a pretty hefty pile of gold for my service. I haven't touched it since I don't know where I really want to go yet. I was biding my time here until I figured things out, and I'm certain I can offer him whatever he'll ask if it means you don't have to service others.” Steve ran his hand up and down Tony's arm in reassurance.
“I know what you're going to say.”
Tony shook his head, his body was spent, he felt exhausted, sore and there was an ache he knew he'd be feeling for days, but ending this now meant returning to their bleak reality. Tony wasn't read to face the darkness again just yet. “No I can handle it. I'm not missing an opportunity to see you come twice in a night.” With that Tony tensed his muscles and he clenched up, squeezing the length of Steve's cock making the man groan. “and sounds like you need it.” Steve raised up back on his knees again and with a grunt he pulled his cock free from Tony's rear. “I told you it's okay.”
Steve watched as Tony traced the scotch along his bottom lip his eyes followed the motion of his finger and swiped his own tongue along his lower lip in response. Tony knew how to pull the seduction card, and Steve was a little shocked that he was playing along with it as much as he was. There was no way that this game would end well for either of them, but he was curious just how far Tony would push before he called it off himself.
In the workshop Tony was surprised when Jarvis announced Steve was at the door waiting for entry. That was odd...there hadn't been any calls to assemble...at least Tony was 75% certain there hadn't been, but he had been wrong before. He allowed Steve entrance and spun around in his chair at the worktable and plastered his usual grin on his face.
Tony flexed his hands, they fit well, a little loose on him but Steve had bigger hands than he did. He brushed the palm along his arm and hummed at the texture along his skin. A thought suddenly popped into his mind these were Steve's gloves this was something he wore often on missions and this is what it would feel like if he ever put his hands on Tony. It was a despicable thought, he should rip them off and just repair the uniform as he had promised but Tony couldn't stop himself because Steve would never touch him in the ways he wanted to be touched.
The centipede pulled back, the trails of Steve's seed flowed freely out of its maw as it wriggled out from beneath him. Neither Steve or Tony were capable of feeling any shame, in fact Tony just found the whole image insanely hot. The rhythmic clenching of Steve's channel around Tony's cock sent Tony reeling into his second orgasm. He thrust into Steve for a few more strokes as he rode out the waves of of his pleasure.
The two of them dropped down to the floor together, Steve on his knees his hands planted on the floor, he tilted his hips displaying himself for Tony. Steve felt Tony's hands on his hips, gripping tightly to him as he lined himself up, pressing the head of his cock against Steve's open hole. He rocked his hips backwards, groaning as Tony's hard, thick length rubbed between the cleft of his ass.
“It was my pleasure...literally.” Tony had a playful grin on his face, and seeing it warmed Steve to his core. He enjoyed this closeness and intimacy with Tony, as if he were seeing a secret side of him that Tony often concealed from the world.
Tony groaned again and lifted his head a slight pout on his face. “I know...I can't help it. It slips out.” Steve just smiled and sat up a bit and turned himself to face Tony fully an adoring smile on his face as he looked over his precious omega.
That wasn't the case with Steve apparently. Steve touched it, kissed it, ran his tongue along the skin and scars. Tony sighed and arched his back in reaction. Although he couldn't really feel much of what Steve was doing he still found the gesture to be gratifying. Steve then sat up on his knees and with half lidded eyes on Tony grasped the hem of his own shirt and lifted it off himself. Tony hummed in appreciation as he placed his hands on Steve's narrow waist and trailed up his perfect abs and chest. With a shiver Steve closed his eyes to relish the feeling of Tony's hands on his body, Tony's hands were rough from hard work in his workshop, but it felt so good.
“AH-Y-yes!” Steve gasped and his hands tightened on Tony's waist.
Tony was losing the battle his mind was growing fuzzy as his rational thought was pushed further, and further back. He tried to hold onto it for Steve's sake, but his resolve was slipping, and the wet warmth of Steve's mouth, the rubbing and tugging of the centipede's legs was becoming increasingly distracting. Tony felt the sweat begin to prickle across his skin as his body temperature steadily increased, and with that an ache so strong, his cock was throbbing as if he were already on the verge of orgasm.
Steve laughed lightly while he wrapped his arms around Tony and held him almost possessively. Together they watched as the quin-jet grew distant as it flew across the sky holding the creature that started the entire mess. Steve bore no ill-will towards the bug anymore. The pollen had opened the world of sexual freedom he had never known before, and he often wondered if it too had only amplified existing feelings he had buried. In the end Steve didn't feel the need to obsess over what the pollen had done to him. He had Tony now,the genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist, Iron Man was his lover. Thanks to an accident with sex pollen and poor timing. Or perhaps...the perfect timing.
“Don't...Tony please don't. You don't have to say anything I know what I did and I can't tell you how-how sorry I am for what I let happen to us.” He couldn't bring himself to look at Tony he couldn't fathom the expression of broken trust in his team-mate, his friend, someone that had put faith in him as the leader of the Avengers. Steve had failed him and he knew it.
“I've missed you so much...” Steve whispered and nuzzled him. “I didn't realize until it was too late what I felt. Walking away from you was the hardest decision I have ever made.”
“I...” Steve began. “I don't want you to feel obligated just because of your profession.” There was a small fleeting look of sadness that crossed Tony's face.
Steve loomed over Tony, still holding his wrist and kissed him hard, claiming his omega with his tongue. Tony twisted on the bed, turning over, getting his wrist free from Steve and tucked his knees beneath himself. Steve understood what he was doing and sat back, his hands going to Tony's hips as the omega positioned himself, resting his weight on his forearms his head and chest down against the bed, with his back arched up and his ass presented for his alpha.
“Tony? Tony hey look at me.” Steve stilled his hand when he saw the amount of discomfort Tony was in. “I can stop...we don't have to-”
Steve bracketed his arms on wither side of Tony as he snapped his hips forward, going for a harder and faster pace, and Tony appeared to love it rough. "You feel so good. So tight, taking my cock so well." He said as he continued to thrust into him. "Fuck, Tony!" He groaned.
“Captain there is a potential security breach in the lab. I am notifying Sir immediately I advise-”
“If I took it easy I wouldn't be tense and then I wouldn't have an excuse to receive massages from you.” Steve grinned up at him.
Steve gave a small shrug. “I guess ….I feel ashamed. It's wrong to think about those things.”
“Steve, stop, stop!” Tony protested. “That is not what happened! You didn't rape me, you didn't force me into anything. It was that bug, that thing made you do it and remember I was affected by the pollen too. It just took longer, I was fighting it because I knew this right here would be the outcome. I know the kind of man you are and a rough and tumble random sex encounter is not the way you do things.” Tony ran a hand over his beard before he continued. “If anyone should be apologizing it should be...me...I was the one that violated you. You were not yourself and I knew that, but that pollen clouded my judgment. So. I am sorry. I'm sorry that I took advantage of you while you were in that state.”
Momentarily blinded and caught off guard Steve doubled over coughing as the substance worked its way into his lungs. With his hand Steve wiped the powder from his eyes and he gaped at the sight before him. The centipede was massive now, possibly 12 feel long maybe more, it reared up its phallic shaped head level with Steve's, its maw opened two long red pincers twitching and quivering. Its many legs aligned evenly down its fleshy body, and it swayed almost curiously in front of Steve.
“Cap I can handle this.” Tony stated as the blonde approached him. He saw Steve's eyes wandering over him and Tony could almost feel his skin crawl in shame. Steve let out a slow breath at the sight. The arc reactor was chrome silver and sat flush with Tony's skin. Only the flesh around it was scarred. The scars extended out in all directions in a star like pattern around the device. One of the machines blared as the blue light flickered off and Steve became alarmed.
“That's it sweetheart, just feel me, making you feel so good.” Tony panted as he picked up his pace, Steve tightened his grip on Tony's hips and unknowingly began to help in lifting him up and pulling him, impaling him back down on his cock. “Oh wow honey, oh sweet thing that is-mmm-that is hot.” Tony chanted as he encouraged Steve to manhandle him some more. Steve was thrusting his hips now, he needed more of that heat, more of Tony's tight wet hole taking him in, stroking, squeezing him so wonderfully.
“Okay...relax now...breathe...” Steve said gently as he nesteled the head of his cock against Tony's ass. He waited for Tony to breathe out and then slowly he pushed forward, the head of his shaft popping into Tony's hole and then deeper into his channel.
Tony exited the barn and made his way over to the coop. The chickens were referred to as “the girls” and produced a plethora of fresh eggs for them. Tony knew nothing about chickens, and neither did Steve, but after some research they determines that it couldn't be that difficult to keep the birds happy and fresh eggs for omelets had been delightful. Tony tossed the seeds out and watched the clucking brown feathered birds as they strutted about and pecked at the ground.
The first time Tony realized he overstepped his boundaries it was too late to take it back. They were returning from a mission a bit scuffed and bruised but overall not terribly injured. Steve's uniform was a bit worse for wear having a building collapse practically on top of him. The stealth suit had seen better days. Steve was sitting in the quinjet with the rest of the team on their way back to the tower. He was fiddling with one of the snaps on his gloves that had come loose.
Steve ventured lower, gently pressing soft kisses over the newest forming scar on Tony's side. The one that nearly took Tony from him forever. Steve exhaled slowly and ran his hand over it carefully, a promise to make up for it. Further down he moved, the bristles of his beard scraped wonderfully against Tony's skin as he trailed his lips and tongue along muscled thighs. Steve's mouth and tongue were hot and wet and it had Tony panting, his hips shifting rhythmically in want.
“Tony I can't believe you let me do this again. Letting me help you through the heat.” Steve panted once he found his voice again. “I thought...you didn't want to do this again. You said you never...”
"My name is Steve."
“Yes!” Tony gasped and raised his hips up for emphasis. “I need you in me. Need you to fuck me.” Steve smiled and positioned himself, guiding his length with his hand he pressed the head against Tony's hole and entered him. Tony closed his eyes and grit his teeth at the burn, Steve was very well endowed. After what felt like several long minutes Steve was fully seated inside of Tony, the blonde had to take a moment to breath before he lost it and came too soon. Tony was all tight wet heat that surrounded him perfectly. They kissed, slow and sensual and Steve angled one Tony's legs up, bending his knee to get his hips at a better angle. Steve bit back a low grown, the new position seating him even deeper. He took a few more moments to enjoy the sensations before he rocked his own hips back and thrust forward. Tony gasped at the overwhelming feeling of Steve's cock stretching him the hard length gliding into him.
Tony pointed to the drawer near the bed. “In there.” Steve pulled it open and rummaged around inside and sure enough found the box of condoms and a small bottle of lube. Steve made sure Tony was comfortable on his back and laid beside him. He nudged Tony's legs up and apart and lightly stroked his fingers along Tony's throbbing cock.
“Stop!” Tony said forcefully. “Stop I don't want to hear it! It's over it's done, we made our decisions we can just drop it.”
Tony wiped the remnants from his mouth with his hand and kissed Steve's thigh before laying beside him. Steve looked over to Tony with affection and admiration, and found that Tony was gazing back at him with fondness.
“Am I what?” Tony asked with a smirk and ran a hand down his chest and to his hip.
“No you stay with your people Rogers and make your plans to regroup, the...furry creature can assist us if this is his crew.” Steve nodded in understanding and he, Natasha, Bruce, Thor, and Rhodey exited the lab space and stood together in one of the many rooms of the palace to discuss and plan. Steve felt the exhaustion, the defeat was evident on all their faces, and as much as he wanted to just crumple to the ground and scream his grief away...that would solve nothing. The ache in his chest, on his heart was heavy. He dared not to think of what may have happened to the others...and Tony...who had been missing since this had all began. No he refused to go there, he couldn't go there, nothing was for certain yet.
Bruce's shoulders sagged as he heaved out a small sigh. “Tony's saying the same thing. Both of you stubborn to a fault.” Steve's muscles tensed at the mention of Tony's name. Tony was refusing to talk as well? It was probably too traumatic, he wanted to forget and put it all behind him. Steve certainly didn't blame him.”
They returned to Avengers tower with the centipede, Tony and Bruce set to work on studying the thing while Steve wrote up his report to Fury. He let Tony have his fun, but ordered that they keep him updated and notify him of any discoveries. Their tests yielded no new information, and Bruce's research came up with nothing. It appeared to be just plain old centipede there was nothing special about it other than it kept growing and growing.
Did he remember? Tony wasn't certain he could trust his own memory, but the soft petting of Steve's hand through his hair, the warmth and closeness of the man he adored settled Tony down. He did remember, Thanos talking of how he would ruin Tony's mind with the stones. Force him to question reality and forever live in doubt of his existence. Even if Thanos hadn't fully succeeded Tony hated that it still plagued him to this day. Steve's lips pressed softly to the side of Tony's cheek.
“I'm sorry I just need that reassurance sometimes.” Tony admitted quietly.
Steve frowned as Tony kept talking. Surprises happened with sex, that was part of the experience and a partner should be caring and thoughtful. Getting someone off was part of the pleasure in Steve's opinion. To give someone that enjoyment, and have it be so good an new that they come right away was only a compliment. So you wait, you play around, you explore and find out what all the wonderful things mouths, and hands and fingers can do. Steve felt his cock getting hard. This had to stop...he couldn't think of Tony like this. It was wrong.
Steve sighed and pinched the bridge of is nose. He had been torn between wanting to cry and beat his fists on the wall in anger ever since he had woken up today. The guilt was weighing heavy and with no other outlet for his emotions it was all bottling up inside. “Talking to anyone else wouldn't do any good. I hardly remember it and the pieces I do recall are fuzzy.” That was a lie. “No sense in trying to dig up a foggy, drug induced memory I am better off forgetting.”
Steve stood in the communal living floor by the window and watched as the Avengers quin-jet took off from the tower. Inside a specialized container was the centipede and it was on its way to an isolated S.H.I.E.L.D. facility. Tony and Bruce had generated a mild antidote to combat the pollen's affects, but it wasn't perfect. Rather than risk another containment issue within the tower it was determined to be best to relocate the centipede permanently.
“Deeper, push deeper.” Tony breathed. Steve hesitated for a moment still not wanting to hurt Tony at all, but he complied with the request pushing his fingers in just a little further and-“Oh-Oh God Ooooh!” Tony cried out and bucked his hips, Steve had nudged his prostate. “Again-Again please Steve do that again.” Tony practically begged, his hips slowly rocking against Steve's fingers. Steve had to reach down with his free hand and grip the base of his cock to draw himself back from the edge. Watching Tony in such ecstasy, hearing him beg and the way he wailed in pleasure was like Steve's own personal porno.
“Yes it is...we're all still human. You're not alright Steve, hell I'm not alright and seeing this happen to us to our team. We can't let this break us, tell someone what is really bothering you and maybe once you understand the cause we can all move forward.”
“So there I am covered in mud with the Donkey, a bag full of cocaine and only three shots left in my pistol...” Natasha was finishing up a story of her many adventures with Clint. “and what does Clint sat to me? Did you remember to leave a tip?” They all burst out into laughter. Tony just shook his head obviously missing the point of the story but he still chuckled lightly to be polite. He wasn't a complete douche bag after all. When the laughter died down Steve turned to Tony his eyes flicking down to the blue light...as always it made Tony want to squirm uncomfortably.
“Talk to me.” Steve breathed. “The things you said before about-about-Mmm-how I'm a cock hungry slut.” Tony shivered beneath Steve, who would have believed that Steve Rogers could talk like that?
Steve nodded. “Yes, I am. Did you find something then? Can you help me?” He hoped he didn't sound too eager, but his mind was already beginning to supply images and ideas of what this solution might entail. Tony was wearing a blazer jacket over a t-shirt emblazoned with some band or pop-culture reference Steve didn't understand. He watched as Tony reached into the inner pocket of the blazer, and held out a small glass vial filled with a pinkish substance.
“Ah-ah-ahh” Steve moaned, he looked down at the sight his thick pink cock encased between the centipede's red legs, the underbelly of the creature was slick and it flexed and pulsed against his own flesh, caressing his balls and underside of his cock. It tugged and squeezed so sweetly Steve was beside himself in pleasure. His arms tenses and he pulled against the webbing, but not to break free-no-just because it all felt so fucking good. He was leaning forward now his eyes half lidded and his ass angled back towards the centipede, putting on a filthy display of himself.
“You spent the evening loving on this so I wouldn't think you were put off by it?”
Oh that. Tony sighed and set the tablet back down. He gazed at the red metallic surface of his prosthetic and raised his hand up clenching and unclenching the fist. That he could discuss, that was a safe topic. “Since our little disagreement two years ago...I've had some problems. Irreversible nerve damage, I've messed this arm up repeatedly and it was only a matter of time before it was one too many injuries.” He turned the hand palm out and extended the fingers to show off the full range of movement. “This last fight with Thanos he...broke my arm. Snapped it really, like a twig. I had no functionality left in it and despite needing a working arm to fight with the suit. I...I need my hands to build.”
“Still cool?” Steve asked in bewilderment. He got off the bed, erection finally subsided and approached the reinforced window. “Still cool? Tony how can you even ask something like that? I don't understand how you can even bear to look at me right now! Is this some personal test of yours? To find out what you can handle or something? I can't do this right now, please!”
“Ah-Tony-Ah I'm gonna come, I'm gonna-”
“I never intended for it to happen.”
Tony had a bit of a guilty expression as he looked to the bottle and then to Steve. “I was celebrating?” Was Steve about to give him one of his famous Captain America lectures, he really hoped not. Steve stood up and snagged the bottle reading the label for a moment. He turned it over in his hands unscrewed the cap and then took a swig from it.
“I think we've stayed here long enough.” Steve replied and let his gaze fall to Tony the one person in this world he knew he couldn't live without. They held each other's gaze momentarily the unasked question of
“Fine, since you insist.” Steve admitted his defeat and Tony smiled in triumph. A few hours later he found the neatly folded uniform on one of the worktables that had the least clutter. Complete with the belt, harness and gloves. Tony set to work on fixing the gloves first and replacing the broken snap and reinforcing with a new strip of leather. Tony slipped the gloves onto his hands to test the fit and that the new leather wasn't too stiff.
Tony fell forward onto his hands and knees before the massive carved throne and felt his stomach lurch as the fear gripped him. Tony heaved in several breaths, as he took in the surroundings, Thanos' war ship, he was inside of it and was at the mad titan's throne.
“Steve...oh my god...Jarvis lock down this floor immediately!” Steve looked over towards the voice, and blinked in the haze buzzing though his brain. Tony was standing there still in his formal tuxedo from the event he had attended. What was he doing back already? Surely Steve hadn't been here that long, and why was Tony staring at him like that? The centipede wriggled backwards and cocked its head curiously regarding Tony. It approached him slowly its pincers clicked together as its legs moved in fluid synchronization.
Steve stood just outside the slightly ajar door. “I was thinking after I get out maybe we could grab a bite? There's this really good sub shop nearby.” Steve noted that it was already late morning they had slept in way later than usual.
“Upstairs?” Tony asked, his voice husky, dripping with lust. Steve could only manage a silent nod then found himself being manhandled backwards towards the elevator. It was all hazy from there, a wild dash mixed with heated kisses and groping hands before the two men fell together onto Tony's luxurious bed. Steve trailed light kisses down Tony's neck, nipping softly at the flesh as he worked his way down to his chest. He couldn't help himself, Steve sat back to admire the device keeping Tony alive, running his fingers over it lightly in soft caresses before leaning down and kissing the center of it.
Tony woke with a start, jerking awake and sucking in several breaths as his heart hammered in his chest. Steve was stirring beside him, reaching a hand out and placing his palm over the center of Tony's chest.
“I'm not looking for entertainment.” Steve stated. “Maybe just some new inspiration.” He added as he walked over to the couch. The two of them remained silent, each absorbed in his own work and trying to ignore the other. It became somewhat of a normal thing between them after that. Slowly they began to make small talk until eventually they held full conversations as they worked. Tony would often babble on about his projects finding it easier to work when he could just talk about an issue he was experiencing as he would be describing it to Steve he would have a moment of realization and pour himself into the new solution. Unknown to Tony he had become the subject of Steve's many sketches. At first Steve just drew what he saw in the shop, Tony's armor his silly little robots, tools he left strewn about. Sometimes though Steve drew Tony as he was hard at work on whatever project he was involved in.
“No...I want this. Please. Use me...I want to give this to you.” Steve still hesitated for a few moments, but the ache in his cock was so overwhelming. He placed his hands over Tony's hips again and began to thrust himself into Tony's now relaxed and loose hole. Steve worked up to a fast and brutal pace, pounding his shaft into the wet warmth. The glide was easy now, but it felt incredible. Steve grunted with each push, he chanted Tony's name as he felt the building sensation. The soft mewls from Tony only spurned him on. “Oh Tony, Tony, so good, you're so good! So good for me...you want it? I'm so close, wish I could come in you, want to see you take all of me. Take what I give you, fuck! Tony.” Steve chanted. He normally wasn't one for dirty talk, but this close to reaching his orgasm it all tumbled out of him.
Steve didn't respond right away, just frowned slightly and his brow furrowed as he examined the robotic replacement for Tony's arm.“Why'd you do it Tony?” Steve asked in a quiet disbelieving tone. Tony gave him a quizzical look as that was a bit of a loaded question. Did what exactly? He wanted to ask. Sign the accords, try to kill Bucky, replace the arc reactor? follow Thanos' Black Order into space and land on Titan? Accidentally involve some 16 year old kid into his battle? There were a number of answers that Tony had to that question. Steve though finally clarified after a brief uncomfortable pause. “Why did you cut your own arm off?”
Tony smirked playfully. “So...since I've got you all open and unafraid to ask for what you want.” He continued to play with the come on Steve's chest. “What do you want from me? Anything, all you have to do is ask.”
“Didn't seem that tough from my perspective.” Tony couldn't help the bite in his tone. He was still reeling with emotion...they had kissed. He had kissed Steve and liked it.
“Are-are you sure?”
Steve exhaled as the warmth traveled through his body, he felt hot, his blood roaring through his veins as his cock stiffened and filled. Steve reached for Tony, his hand settling for the back of his neck and pressed their foreheads together as he breathed in and out with nearly labored breaths. There was soft pecking at the corner of his mouth and, in his hazy state it took Steve a moment to realize it was Tony pressing soft barely there kisses to his lips.
More, Steve wanted so much more. He sat up a bit to strip Tony of his shirt and let his eyes roam over him appreciatively. Tony wasn't built like Steve, but there was the muscle definition although slighter in the young man. Steve leaned down to trail his lips down Tony's collar bone, soft gentle kisses over his skin towards a dusky nipple. He laved his tongue over the nub and heard the sharp inhale of a gasp from Tony causing Steve to smile as he enclosed his mouth over the sensitive peaked skin. Tony writhed beneath Steve, his hands roaming up over Steve's bare back as he moaned.
“Fuck-yes-yes-yes S-St-” Tony came with the name almost spilling from his lips.
Steve took a step closer to close the distance between them and reached out towards Tony. The engineer flinched back slightly but Steve didn't move away. He touched the metal of the arc reactor and traced the triangular line of the design. “...I said it's beautiful Tony...” Steve's eyes didn't stray from it as he closed his palm over the arc reactor. “I thought I lost you...like in New York. When I saw the light was dim I-I was afraid...but when it's lit up like this, when I see that blue I know you-you are okay.” Tony didn't know what to make of this situation as it felt too intimate for simple team mates. It felt too personal and Tony didn't like moments like these when there are feelings and emotions. He didn't do that stuff as it only led to more disaster, but Steve's palm was warm and comforting and he hadn't let anyone touch the arc reactor since Obadiah had nearly killed him for it.
“yes...now...are you going to fuck me again? Or do I have to get down and beg?”
Tony hummed pleasantly as he licked and suckled over Steve's rim, the warm come dripped from his channel and Tony lapped at it and even darted his tongue inside. That made Steve nearly howl it felt so good and it was so wrong. Everything collided inside of his head of yes, good, bad, more, stop. The hot tongue delved deeper into Steve's channel, he could feel it darting inside of his body, and Steve tensed. It felt so good he was beside himself with pleasure, how could Tony be this good at sex? Steve couldn't hold back any more, he was rocking back into Tony's tongue while moaning. Finally he reached his climax and came for the final time that night.
“You know when I designed this place I didn't take into account how painfully drab it would be, let alone how insanely boring. I guess that's what you get with clean rooms now-a-days. Definitely going to pencil in to add, like, a Gameboy or something.” Steve sat up suddenly and looked over to the glass window. Standing on the other side was Tony, he appeared a little frazzled around the edges, fatigue rested in his eyes. Steve was at a loss. What was he doing here? The very sight of him conjured up more vivid memories that Steve had to actively battle down to keep from getting distracted. This was bad, this was so bad, he couldn't even look at Tony without getting all hot and bothered. Steve shifted on the hospital bed to try and hide the rock hard erection in his pants, thank god they were loose fitting sweats.
Only it didn't go away, if anything it only intensified. The avengers had been called in for a mission. A bomb threat in Chicago with several hostages. The Avengers went in and managed to subdue the criminals and rescue the civilians but Iron Man had gone in to attempt to diffuse the bomb before any went off. Steve felt the ground shaking around him as he looked up and watched in horror as the building before him collapsed...the building Tony had just flown into. Steve rallied Tony on the comms, but all he got was static.
Tony looked confused, but shrugged nonchalantly. “Knock yourself out...I'm not entertaining though...Pepper used to fall asleep on that very couch.” He gestured towards the corner where a comfortable sitting area had been set up. Tony felt a tightness in his chest that had nothing to do with the arc reactor. Even saying her name made him feel the loss. He cleared his throat and returned to work. No. He wouldn't go down that road.
“You're so gorgeous Steve.” Tony blurted out. Steve smirked slightly as he put a knee onto the bed and joined Tony, now nothing between them.
“We don't have too...” He whispered. Tony answered Steve with a hard kiss and boldly he reached his right hand down and gripped Steve's cock in his hand. The action made Steve gasp and his hips bucked forward.
-A week later Tony received a package in the mail from Steve Rogers with a flip phone and an apology letter.-
“Damn it Tony that's not what I am saying!”
It was a relief when Jarvis notified him to meet Tony upstairs in the penthouse. Steve entered the elevator feeling apprehensive of what was about to occur. Part of him was still suspecting a permanent removal from the Avengers. The talk Tony had with him early that morning had only been to temporarily placate him, only Steve couldn't picture Tony to be the sort of individual to pull something such as that. As the elevator rose up Steve inhaled deeply and breathed out nice and slow to calm his fraying nerves. There was also the chance Tony had discovered a solution, and all of this would seen be behind him.
Tony smirked and quirked an eyebrow. "Who do you think you're talking to? I'm always prepared in the drawer on the left -don't give me that look- jerking off is better with lube and I've been a little stressed lately it takes the edge off..."
“I know, I know Tony...I'm not leaving you unsatisfied. “ Steve said affectionately as he wrapped his fist around Tony's cock and gave a few slow strokes. “You asked for me to knot you...I'm giving you exactly what you want. I'll need to come at least two more times before I'm done. I don't want you to feel sore and oversensitive. It will be better if you wait, I promise.”
Tony was silent for a few moments, his eyes darted down to Steve's crotch where he was still sporting an erection. “I may have an idea.” He drew his eyes back up to meet Steve's. “I think the problem is you are getting stuck in your head. Too many ideas of morality and purity, you think it's wrong when you need to accept what you want.”
The concubine chuckled in amusement. “Yes Aesthetically.” He replied with a knowing tilt of his head. “So my lord how would you like me to pose for you this evening?”
Tony was in a daze, blood loss, shock, failure it all swirled within him. He faintly heard Peter's voice above him, shouting out his name. The kid used his webbing on his stab wound to keep it closed and prevent him from bleeding out, smart he thought distantly. Tony's vision faded in and out and a blackness crept in from the edges, growing steadily. He heard talk and voices, but couldn't focus in on any of them the pain in his side had subsided to a throb, but his arm felt as if there were sharp stabbing needles into his nerves with every little jostle. Faintly he felt warm gentle hands on either side of his face and for a moment the pain subsided, his regrets lessened and his overall anguish diminished to a dull senseless nothing.
As they continued to kiss they explored one another. Tony couldn't believe Steve was actually allowing him to do this, to touch him so intimately. His hands eased under the hem of Steve's shirt and he stroked over the man's muscled back, and along his sides. He shivered pleasantly when he felt over Steve's hard abs and his impressive chest. Tony had wanted to touch him like this for so long. Steve too ran his hands over Tony's slender body, he was so much smaller than himself. Steve moved above Tony, trailing his lips down Tony's neck. In the back of his mind he knew he should stop, but it had been so long since Steve had been close to someone like this. Tony was hard and horny for him, Steve couldn't stop himself not when Tony was so desperate.
“Well, Tony...” Steve repeated the name, he liked that name and how to easily rolled off his tongue. “For starters I want to do some warm ups and just focus on a few parts.”
“-It's beautiful...” Steve whispered.
“I don't expect you to understand. I feel terrible for this Pepper, I never wanted to hurt you like this, but I can't lie to you. It wouldn't be fair, you deserve better, so much better.”
Tony rubbed his face with his hands. This. He hadn't expected anything like it to occur. He hadn't known that Steve was beating himself up so much over the entire encounter. In hindsight he probably could have been more forthcoming in why he had been distancing himself. “Steve that is not what happened. I wanted your help that day and I greatly, immensely appreciate it. Yes I have been avoiding you, but it is not for the reasons that you think.”
Steve coughed and hacked some more from the powdery substance, he wiped the remaining residue from his face and rubbed it between his fingers. It was thicker than powder, a heavier consistency like pollen. He wondered if if were some kind of poison and hoped that the serum could protect him long enough from any of the ill affects. Having wasted too much time Steve heaved his shield preparing to impale the edge of it into the centipede's grotesque body.
Freedom, Steve hadn't imagined he could have missed it so much until it was taken from him. The ability to get out of the tower and go for a run had become one of his many hobbies once he had moved into the tower. Now that Steve was outside he realized how much he had missed the feeling of fresh air in his lungs, and the burn of the exertion in his muscles. The confinement of quarantine only reinforced the many basic pleasures Steve had taken for granted. Never again he thought to himself as he jogged through the park.
“Identity yourselves. This is general Okoye of the Wakandan army, and you are trespassing onto our borders.” She pulled away and glanced over to the others as they waited for answer. “If you do not answer we will be forced to take hostile action.”
“I don't know what has gotten between you two.” She said as they went through their weekly sparring match. Natasha was a fair opponent for Steve to go against since she was quick footed and agile it required more fineness on his part to bring her down. “But one of you needs to buck up and fix it and knowing Tony it won't be him.”
Tony thought this had to be a dream, here they were in a hotel room, he was naked on his back with Steve Rogers above him, thrusting his cock into his ass. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist, and held onto Steve's back as he gasped, writhed and moaned with each thrust. It was a bit uncomfortable at first, Steve was big, and it had been some time since Tony had bottomed for a man, but shortly the burn and discomfort was replaced with the most intense pleasure he had ever felt.
“Fuck Steve stop-stop this isn't working!” Tony cursed and laid back on the bed. Steve propped himself up on his elbows from his position on the bed. He was laying on his stomach between Tony's legs, and Tony's cock lay flaccid and uncooperative. Steve had been trying to work him to hardness with his mouth, but it obviously hadn't worked. Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's thigh before he crawled up the bed, and laid down beside Tony.
Steve switched pencils and began to add the real detail, darker bold lines and he saw the piece starting to come to life. From this angle it appeared as if Tony were staring at the viewer with those deep brown eyes of his. Steve used his finger to blend some spots, blew a puff of air to clear away excess dust from the pencil and sat back admiring his work so far. The face was coming together but he needed to add detail to the body. Steve moved his hand over to the chest adding value to the picture, shading and finer details such as the little golden hoop in Tony's nipple.
So there it is, this took a great effort for me to finish and I hope that it was to everyone's liking. I hope that it was worth the year long wait.
“You sure are working hard.” Steve teased and set his hands on his hips.
---Later---
“You seem awfully preoccupied with this.” Tony said, indicating the robotic replacement. He spread the fingers apart and Steve traced them with is own.
went unsaid. They didn't say anything more Tony just lifted his head and planted a kiss on Steve's cheek before he settled back down into the soft pillows. Steve pulled a blanket up over the two of them and they cuddled together safe and warm the arc reactor's light glowing between them.
“Tony could you...remove the veil?”
“Ah! Steve!” Tony reached down, both hands groping Steve's ass and pulling him closer. They rutted against one another, moaning and kissing Tony could already feel the tension and need in his body growing ever closer to orgasm. He didn't want this to end so soon, he wanted sex, he wanted to know what real sex was like. “Stop-stop wait” Steve backed off fearing that maybe he had hurt him somehow. Tony continued “...I-I want, I want you to be in me...when I...” Tony caught was breath and tried to will his heart to slow. “I want to know what it feels like to have your cock in me when I come.”
Steve stirred in the bed when he heard movement and the warmth in the space beside him had suddenly vanished. Steve reached over feeling over the empty spot and cracked an eye open. His sleepy vision cleared up and he focused in on Tony who was disappearing behind the bathroom door, and he heard the sound of running water from the shower. Steve rolled over onto his back and stretched his limbs and rested languidly in the bed. The images and memories of the previous day's activities floated up in his mind and he smiled lightly. Steve felt the warmth of arousal settle in his groin as he recalled it all, Tony all wet, covered in his own slick and begging for Steve to take him. Steve's cock was beginning to harden and ache for a touch.
“We can watch it together... I could take you and knot you, and you can watch how well your body takes me.” Tony's cock throbbed with a spike of heat, he didn't think he could get any harder. It was nearly painful he wanted to come so bad, he felt his balls clenching, so close to release.
“Of course, watching you is a full time job.”
“Fine, I'm fine, it just took me by surprise. Keep going, god Steve please keep going.” Tony hissed softly as he rolled his hips and pushed himself backwards. Steve's mouth went slack as he breathed heavily, looking down at himself, at the perfect globes of Tony's ass pressed right up against him. He ran his hands over the rounded flesh, digging his fingers in and spread Tony's cheeks so he could see the base of his cock buried between. How tight and stretched the hole looked around his cock, excess lube dribbling out between them. Steve swallowed hard and replaced his hands on Tony's hips, stroking his thumbs over the hollow of the bone and then he gripped hard.
“You close yet?” She had asked, looking over her shoulder. “my back kind of hurts like this.” She was down on her elbows, back arched and knees supporting her weight.
For just a little while Steve wanted to feel some sense of normalcy before returning to his life on the run. He didn't know why he chose this particular bar, it looked low-key, and possessed easy escape routes if needed. Steve entered, took a seat near the back, and ordered a beer. Even though he couldn't get drunk he could pretend for a little while he was just a guy among the rest of the patrons.
Steve bit his lip in thought. Did he? He really knew nothing about this man, but since Tony had walked into his chambers Steve had felt as if he were at the mercy of Tony's will. Something about him, his self assured attitude, elegance, Tony knew he was desirable and flaunted it as easily as he breathed. Eventually Steve found himself nodding slowly and uttering a quiet. “...yes...”
“Oh-Oh-Oh my-Oh God, Oh fuck Tony!” Steve panted as Tony's hot channel engulfed him, it was deep and slick, tight, and so warm Steve was getting lost in all of it, lost in the sounds, the smell, the feel of Tony around him. Steve stared up at the genius on top of him, his back arching, his chest heaving, hair a sweaty mess, his eyes closed in focus and bliss, his expression one of pure ecstasy. Steve reached a hand up and covered Tony's arc reactor feeling the warmth of the device and experiencing such a raw closeness he never thought was possible. Tony clasped his hand over Steve's threading their fingers together in an unspoken promise...you're safe with me.
Steve ran his hand down Tony's chest, stomach, and grabbed his cock at the base. He stroked slowly while watching Tony's reactions. Tony closed his eyes, his hips thrusting up slightly with Steve's strokes. "yeah-yeah that's good, really good." He panted as Steve jerked him off.
“I'm not avoiding. I've just been busy.” Tony replied dismissively. Okay that was actually a lie, Tony had been avoiding, but for good reason. His body had grown to be very responsive to Steve's alpha aura, and he had to get himself under control before he dared face him again.
Steve took a breath as he looked at his glass, he hadn't seen Tony since he rammed his shield into his armor. No doubt still angry for keeping the knowledge of his parent's murder away from him, and protecting Bucky who was responsible. He took a long drink from his glass and quickly noted escape routes should he need to use them. He began to tap his finger on the table, he didn't want to get into a fight with Tony-not again- but if Tony was there to arrest him then Steve knew he would have no other option, he was stuck. If he walked out and Tony followed him, that could lead to a fight. If he stayed put then Tony may not want to cause a scene and hurt anyone else, or a swat team was on their way to his location to take him down. There was also another option that Steve hadn't considerd maybe they were both here out of pure coincidence. Steve decided to play it safe, and he gave Tony a brief nod.
Steve of course had gotten an early start and although they didn't exactly need the firewood yet he had insisted they prepare for the inevitable winter months. Tony admired the way Steve's arms flexed with each downward swing, he was of course only wearing a light t-shirt that stretched across his broad chest. He had broken into a light sweat and the fabric clung enticingly to his form only emphasizing that shoulder to waist ratio. Steve wiped his forearm across his brow and glanced back at Tony flashing him a grin on his bearded face. Tony had asked him to keep the facial hair, it was rugged, sexy, and just suited the man so well.
As they had continued their conversation Tony had abandoned the bottle and was laying across the bed with his head in Steve's lap. Steve was upright with his back against the wall and was idly stroking his fingers through Tony's hair. They had done this many times before when Tony had been younger and having nightmares Steve would sit with him and stroke his hair to soothe him to sleep. It simply grew into a regular occurrence for them.
There was a loud crash of breaking glass. “Quarantine breached!” Jarvis announced as a Mjlonir crashed through the window followed by the god of thunder himself. Thor caught his hammer in his hand and held it up menacingly.
Steve gave himself a slow stroke, closing his hand around the length and moving from the base all the way to the tip. He gasped and rubbed his thumb against the head as more fluid leaked out. The light touch to his behind made him jolt, but soon Steve was welcoming the soft probing touch from the centipede. Its mandibles stroked down over each cheek gently, tentatively and pressed in further the long red pincers spreading and clamping over Steve's supple behind. Its wet oozing maw enclosed over Steve's hole and applied a soft suction around the rim making Steve's hips shift and stutter.
“You like it when I call you that? Look at you, the all American golden boy getting railed by playboy Tony Stark. Getting it on with a fucking mutant sex bug.” Tony laughed at the audacity of their situation, but it didn't change how hot he found it, all the previous misgivings were completely gone. Damn that pollen was powerful stuff.
“Thor? Why are you...you broke my window...” Tony complained , apparently not even aware the messy picture that he and Steve presented at that moment.
Sure he could find a mirror and practice anatomy sketching using himself, but even after so long of being blessed with his new body, a soldier, a fighter, given to him by the alchemists mystery concoction. Steve still felt uneasy in his own skin at times, and vanity had never been a flaw of his. It felt wrong to look upon himself in such a way, even from an artists perspective, his body still didn't feel as if it truly belonged to him. So he avoided it and chose to draw others.
“Y-Yes!” Tony gasped. “I want that. Knot me, fuck me, fuck me, make me take it. Make me watch you fuck my omega ass. Alpha! oh god alpha I want it.” The pleasure was like a hot burn all over his skin. Tony was so overwhelmed by it all, he was so close. “Touch me alpha please. I need to come!” Steve didn't hesitate. He grasped Tony's neglected cock and gave several hard tight strokes. Tony's hips moved erratically wanting to thrust into Steve's hand, but wanting more of the hot stretching of Steve's cock in his ass.
Tony gave Steve a sweet smile. “I'm here for whatever you ask of me Steve. If you want this again, then you shall have it, you want me to use my mouth on you, watch me pleasure myself, use my fingers on you, lick you in places I'm certain you've never felt a tongue before...you can have all of that. Even if you want me to sit innocently in any pose to draw me, you shall have all of that as well.”
Steve ran his hands through Tony's hair, and rocked his hips up harder against him, enjoying the feeling of Tony's hands groping him. He moaned at the feeling of Tony's nails raking down his back” “Tony” Steve said in a strained voice “ I need you." and he began to trial kisses along Tony's neck.
Steve entered the penthouse and found Tony sitting by the bar busying himself on his phone while he waited. Tony looked up at Steve and set the device down on the bar. “So...you still willing to try out my little solution?” Tony's body language read as guarded, not openly suggestive but not closed off either. He was giving Steve the option to agree or pull out of this all together and look for some other alternative.
Steve looked down at himself, his pants tenting from his raging erection. He had gone from partial hard-on to full mast as soon as he had caught scent of Tony in the room with him. The blonde hit his hand against the door in frustration. He was better than this, he wasn't like those other power alphas. He wasn't about dominating his mate, or taking one against their will, but now he knew that had to be the case.
Steve shook his head. “No, keep going.”
The alarms were blaring in Tony's armor as Thanos' massive frame blocked out the light before him. Tony raised a hand up to fire a repulser blast at the figure, but Tony had been grabbed and hurled across the debris filled field. He rolled, catching himself by digging his armor covered fingers into the dry dirt beneath him and bracing with a knee. He stood, forcing himself upright while FRIDAY was declaring all the major points of damage he was sustaining.
I may have rushed the ending, but I could see the light upon the horizon and just want this to be done. Don't get me wrong I love this series, but I may have taken on some hefty themes in this one that I'm not talented enough to convey in an interesting way. I had a rough idea what I wanted to touch on but no solid way to go about them. I hope it was enjoyable and that some of the plot/filler wasn't too drab.
“Okay so I did, but I didn't plan it. It just sort of...happened.” Tony leaned forward in the chair, resting his elbows on his knees and he held his face in his hands. This time he didn't bother to hide the discomfort and grunted quietly. Pepper's face fell slightly in sympathy and worry.
“H-Harder Tony...please!” Steve begged and Tony obliged willingly. He rocked his hips back and forced them forward roughly into Steve. Tony groaned with every thrust, how wonderfully his cock slid in and out of Steve's clenching asshole. “So good, ah-ah so good!” Steve chanted. Tony felt Steve's body tense under him, his cock was being squeezed as Steve's muscles clenched up around him. Steve was thrusting his hips uselessly in the air as his cock pulsed with fresh streams of come. It splattered across his chest, on the floor and Steve moaned filthily as the pleasure rolled through his body. The rhythmic clenching and releasing around his shaft was enough to push Tony over the edge, and reach his own orgasm.
“I said at first.” Steve added while giving Tony a hard look to keep him quiet. His expression softened as he continued. “A few months ago I thought this would only be temporary. That you'd come to your senses and go back to her, that you'd realize I wasn't what you wanted. But...you never grew distant, if anything I feel closer to you now than I ever did before.” Steve looked off across the pasture. “Even if I can't exactly read you all the time I just know when you look at me like that.” Steve met Tony's eyes again. “I just feel...” He trailed off a moment as he picked the words to express himself. “I feel like this is so right. Us. Here. Together.”
“Don't want you to have to jerk off alone, not when you could just...use me instead.” Steve stated boldly. Despite the intensity of his orgasm he wanted more, he wanted to have sex with Tony again, and remember how good it had felt before.
“Neither Captain. He is requesting your presence.” Steve didn't think anything of it and got up from the couch and headed for the elevator. He didn't even have to press button, Jarvis automatically took him up to the penthouse. The doors opened and Steve stepped out into the penthouse and instantly he felt as if his head was swimming. He put a hand out to brace himself against the wall and steadied his stance. It had a hit him so fast and he wasn't expecting it...the scent...the heavy arousal in the air.
Hurried footsteps and murmured voices filled the halls behind them, Steve's ears picked up the sounds of labored breathing, grunts of pain, between the shuffling of bodies, and then Rockets voice among them. “You got blood all over my work table! And you went through my stuff! Why couldn't you have waited before going all hack and slash?”
“Shush...I will be as quick as I can. I promise I'll help you.” Tony assured, then he stepped back away from Steve. He mourned the loss of the heat, the warmth of another body next to his. Only, it wasn't just any body it was Tony's that he wanted.
“You are already having doubts. What is real Stark? Does it really matter?
Tony sighed heavily and scooted closer, pressing his forehead against Steve's, breathing in and out evenly and just existing in the moment.
“That's not what I was going to say.” Steve interrupted. He had been avoiding making eye contact with Tony, keeping his gaze low or on the ground, but then he finally lifted his eyes up, those deep blues full of remorse, sadness and a swirl of other complicated emotions.“I wanted to tell you I'm sorry, for everything, for leaving you in Siberia for-”
Tony nodded. “Yes-yes I'm ready I want you, please Steve!” Steve smiled and reached for the condom packet he had set aside. He ripped the package open and rolled the latex over his length.
“You can say nerd. I won't be offended, and I think I would have given you a chance. I mean you probably would have been like Rhodey. Seeing this punk ass little shit scared out of his wits on campus and being the only one to help out instead of scoffing.” Steve wasn't freaking out on him. Telling him this was an inappropriate conversation or that Tony had something wrong with him for liking boys too.
“Yeah I suppose you're right.” Tony didn't really know why he was being so open and honest with Steve. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was just Steve was so open minded that he could talk about these issues. He sat up and turned sitting cross legged on the bed and facing Steve, the booze making him feel bold. “I wish I could meet someone like you to show me.”
“I'm good, It's good Tony.” Steve panted as he worked his hips and rode Tony. Within minutes Tony was clamping his hands on Steve's waist and grinding himself up into Steve's body. Steve took a cock like a damn pro, he was tight, warm and wet with lube. The velvety walls of his ass clenched and released in a rhythmic motion as his member slid in and out, tight as if to hold him in on the outward stroke, then open and welcome for the thrust back in. Steve was also a sight to behold, beautiful with his muscles tense and his skin gleaming in a fine perspiration as he worked himself on Tony's cock.
Steve gave a small glum nod.
“Are you in heat?” Tony just bit his lip seductively as he reached his hand down and gripped his own cock. He gave it a firm stroke up, precome dribbled from the tip and down the length. Steve inhaled sharply and he felt a throbbing so intense in his cock he though he might come in his pants.
“Certainly no regrets from me.” Tony smirked and moved his hand from Steve's waist down to give his rear a playful squeeze making Steve jump slightly.
Steve smiled pleasantly though and nodded. "Sure, Tony I would really like that." He took a long drink to finish off his first round, and set the empty glass down. "You aren't bothering me. I wasn't expecting company, but I don't mind it. Unexpected but I wouldn't say unwelcome.” Tony got the bartender's attention and ordered Steve another of what he had  before. The glass was set on the table, and as the bartender walked away Tony added to the conversation.
“Oh-Oh my-oh my god!” Steve moaned in surprise when another sudden and nearly painful orgasm rocked through him. His entire body seized up and his mouth hung open as he heaved in and out harsh panting breaths. He made another mess across his stomach and all over the centipede, the fluids coated and dribbled over several of the centipede's legs. It released Steve's overworked cock finally. and slipped its penis out from him, it spread its red legs apart, filmy sticky strands of the filthy evidence of Steve's pleasure coated and strung between the appendages. Steve wasn't in the right mind set to even feel ashamed.
The Avengers returned to the tower after that mission. Steve stayed near Tony to make sure he didn't go into sudden cardiac arrest. The reactor had been damaged in the blast, but Tony assured Steve and the others that he would be okay. Once back at the tower everyone departed to their separate rooms, Tony headed for his workshop for some needed maintenance. Steve went to his own room for a much needed shower, but he felt jittery and couldn't settle down. The images of the arc reactor dim and Tony not moving or breathing was haunting him still. After much internal debating Steve went down to the workshop to check on his friend.
“Hot...burning up...” He gasped as the sweat drenched his uniform. Without a second's hesitation he tore at the fastenings of his uniform he needed air, just anything to remove the stifling heat. As if in understanding the centipede's legs began to stretched and feel, pulling at Steve's uniform hiking up the top portion and exposing his sweat covered abdomen. It didn't stop there, with his pants unfastened the centipede's contorted its body and its legs hooked into the band of Steve's pants and tugged them down. Steve's stiff cock sprung free from the confines and glistened wetly at the tip. He was so hard a near steady stream of precome leaked from the tip and down his shaft.
“Nebula?” Rocket's ears perked up and he moved over to the communications console by Okoye. He saw on the monitors the ship flying in, Quill's ship, then perhaps the others were alive. Only when Rocket had left them Nebula hadn't been with them. “That's our ship, maybe she's got Gamora with her, or Drax and Quill.”
With a sigh Steve sat back in his chair and took a sip of his drink, he took a glance around at the people idly noting how it looked to be a steady night. There were a decent number of people and the voices of varied conversations filled the space, and there was Tony at the other end looking at-wait- Tony? Steve's eyes snapped back and sure enough Tony was sitting up at the bar looking straight at him. Of course the one time Steve had decided to take a moment to himself he was found. He suspected that Tony had been sent to find him and the others, was he going to attempt to arrest him here? Steve wouldn't put it past Tony to rely on using bystanders as collateral against him.
“Fuck!” Tony cursed and he gripped the bedsheets, his body going tense. Steve stopped and petted along Tony's back in slow circles.
Attached to the ring was a crudely designed robotic prosthetic, what had Thanos done to him? Steve felt nauseous, a sickness roiled inside of himself at the sight and unwanted images of Thanos ripping Tony's arm from the elbow filled his head.
“How could I ever say no to you?” Steve asked as he backed off from the bed to toe off his shoes, socks, and pull down his own pants and briefs. Tony stared at Steve through his heavy lashes, his kiss bitten lips were parted, and he was breathing shallowly as he admired the specimen in front of him. Steve usually didn't like it when people stared. It made him feel like he was back in the lab all those years ago, poked and prodded to discover just what the miracle serum had accomplished, but with Tony's open desire he didn't mind it. Steve didn't like to think of himself in such a vain sense, but he knew that Tony wanted him, that Tony was admiring his body and it made Steve feel a rush of hot desire nearly overwhelm him. His cock twitched as the heated coil of arousal wound itself tighter within his groin.
“I'd like you to be here to help me Tony. In any way that you are comfortable with.” Steve stated while he reached out and plucked the small vial from Tony's delicate grasp. He examined the powder inside a moment and huffed with a small shake of his head. This substance had caused them so much grief and here he was about to put himself through it all again. Maybe it wasn't the best solution but...if he could allow himself to indulge in his fantasy and accept what he wanted then he could move forward with his life. Steve didn't want to go through it all alone, he wanted Tony with him. He wanted Tony's hands and his mouth, his body rocking against his, his cock long and thick, penetrating him and stretching his ass.
The frustration only seemed to increase with the rise in his heart rate and the tension in his muscles. Steve hit the bag harder, savagely as the anger spilled over. He was tired, so tired of living like this. The constant need to rub one out, he felt horny, antsy, keyed up and the friction of his boxer-briefs against his dick only made him hyper-aware of his internal agony.
Steve felt the first soft kiss of Tony's lips on his thigh and the faint scratch of facial hair on his skin. Was Tony going to tease a little and suck him off? Steve liked that idea and shifted slightly on the bed to get into a more comfortable position. Tony trailed soft wet kisses all along his thigh, there was the brush of teeth and light nips that made Steve gasp. Then he was mouthing at Steve's sac and sucking gently on his balls, Tony's wet tongue trailed up then down, dipping lower, and lower...wait that was the wrong direction what-Oh!-
Steve couldn't stand there and watch any more, he had to go and get away from all the pain and death surrounding him. He needed a minute away just so he could breath, the air within the palace felt too stale and stifling, nearly suffocating. He felt smothered, like all the air was being sucked out of him. He walked out of the palace to the outside and just kept moving unaware of where exactly he was going, there was no destination just...away.
“I'm sorry again Tony, I really wanted to be there but-”
Tony nodded. “Yes. Yes I am please Steve.”
Steve was going to have the tower to himself one evening. After a training session he'd run at S.H.I.E.L.D. he could come home and take some time to relax. Natasha and Clint were away on a mission of their own, Thor was still in Asgard. Bruce had taken some personal leave courtesy of Tony offering him a week away on his private beach on some exotic island. Tony was at some fancy event that Steve had declined to attend. He preferred to just stay in for the evening and have the tower to himself for once. Not that Steve minded having the rest of the Avengers around and he had his own floor if he really wanted to be left alone, but as the team's Captain he felt obligated to be around them when they were home.
“Nothing.” Tony reached for Steve's hands and placed them on his hips. “Just hold me like that...there you go.” Tony's voice was gentle. “Just let yourself feel good, you don't have to do anything but lie back and let me take care of you.” Steve was about to protest that he wanted to make this good for Tony too, but Tony gave a single gentle rock of his hips and Steve lost all thought. Tony moved again another slow sinful motion of his hips, again and then again, but keeping the motion steady.
“So let's both agree we brought this on ourselves and we go forward.” Tony stated. “I'm organizing a transport for the centipede to be moved to a secured location in S.H.I.E.L.D. so we won't have to worry about this happening again. In the meantime both Bruce and I will be studying the pollen to see if we can come up with any sort of antidote in case something like this ever appears again. Who knows if Hydra had more.”
The conversation took a turn to dating an relationships as Steve was curious and hopeful Tony would find someone that could cherish his brilliance. No one deserved to be alone if they didn't have to be. Steve knew all too well what isolation felt like, but with the serum preventing him from aging it was impossible for him to ever hold a serious relationship. Steve couldn't fathom watching his partner grow old and eventually die, leaving him alone. It wasn't fair to them to give themselves to him. It had been a strain for him and Peggy.
“That was one of the hottest things I have ever seen.” Tony commented. He traced a finger down Steve's chest and through the pool of come. “I could jerk off to this sight any day.”
Finally after what felt like an eternity of waiting Steve felt Tony add a little more pressure and the tips of his fingers finally breached past the ring of muscle. Steve breathed out slowly to allow himself to relax but he still snapped his hips up every so often in hopes of driving Tony's fingers deeper into himself to stimulate that pleasure spot inside. His prostate. He shifted on the bed as Tony then flicked his tongue over the left nipple while pushing two fingers in and out of his clenching channel.
With a resigned sigh Steve inched his hand down lower and palmed himself through the fabric of his boxers. He felt so guilty whenever he did this, and he had tried to avoid it while thinking of Tony but his libido had only become more of nuisance thanks to the serum. Steve let out a satisfied groan as his hand rubbed over himself. His cock swelling further as he gave into his primal desires of pleasure. He pictured Tony, olive skinned, big brown eyes, shirtless before him on his bed with that knowing smirk of his.
“But it looks like a penis.” Tony dead panned.
“This is you Tony.” Steve whispered in his ear, and kissed at his shoulder. He plunged his finger in and out of Tony's body. It slid in easily, and there was the wet squelch sound of slick skin against skin. Tony wanted to turn and look away, he wanted to tell Steve to stop, but Tony couldn't quite look away. Even as disgusted as he was with his own body the fact that Steve seemed to be enthralled with it made him continued to watch his reflection. “This is how it's supposed to be....look at how well you're made for me. You're built for this...and it's beautiful.”
“You broke my suit.” Tony complained as Steve pulled him up.
“We don't have to-” Tony began but Steve silenced him with another kiss.
Steve wanted this to be good, he wanted this to be an experience Tony could never forget. He reached his hand around Tony and gripped the brunette's cock and gave a few strokes to help him reach his climax. “Yes Tony, I want you to come. Don't hold back, this is for you. Come for me!” Steve squeezed the hard length, and moved his hand quickly along the shaft.
“Tony what are you doing here!?” Pepper asked when he walked into her office. Last she had heard from him was his panicked phone call the previous morning. Pepper knew enough omegas that needed a few days to recuperate after a heat with no mate. It was draining and exhausting to experience a full heat without assistance. Tony walked right in and he sat down in the chair across from the desk, Pepper caught the wince on his face.
“Oh-Oh my” Steve gasped almost breathlessly. He felt his body trembling from the effort to keep himself still. “You-you feel...Tony you feel so good.” Steve moaned when Tony changed it up, balancing he lifted himself up, Steve's cock sliding out and then he sank back down tightening as he went his velvety walls hugging Steve's length on each downward stroke.
Steve reveled in the moans from Tony it was the hottest sound he had ever heard and it drove him. He plunged his cock deep into Tony, watching it pump in and out of the other man's body at a near frantic pace. Steve's balls felt tight and ached with need for release as the heat in his core, deep in his groin burned hot with his approaching climax. The pressure steadily built up, faster, faster he was so close. Steve fucked Tony with a renewed vigor, desperate to reach that sweet release. Steve was moaning with every one of his thrusts, it all felt so good he was completely at the mercy of his baser instincts. All he could focus on was the pleasure building, the glide of his cock into the tight heat, and growing ache in his already taught sac.
Steve busied himself with various tasks, reading reports, working out, reading up on missed history, more working out. There were times when he simply paced back and forth in his room counting to ten and starting over again. It wasn't the greatest use of his time, but it was all Steve could do to keep his mind occupied and prevent it from drifting to dangerous territory.
“What?” Steve asked in bewilderment. “I told you before Tony that's not how I see it. You are not the problem.” He sort of was though, because Steve couldn't stop thinking about it. Thinking about him and all the wonderfully sinful things they had done together. This was typical of Tony Stark, Steve thought. Removing himself from the equation when he believed that he was the problem. This wasn't what he wanted for Tony to believe.
Steve's stomach tightened up as he felt the need to retch at the memory of his depravity. Tony had repeatedly told him no and it had been as if he were in a fog. He heard but it was like the words never processed, he never had any self control. God Tony probably hated him. Steve tugged at the restraints as the overwhelming sense of guilt consumed him.
Tony gasped for air, his lungs felt constricted, he was paralyzed with the fear. Heavy footfalls from behind passed him, and he watched helplessly as Thanos took his seat before him. He had an amused look on his face as he regarded Tony's trembling form beneath him.
The first time Tony realized he had a problem was when he nearly called out the wrong name while making love to a woman. There had been a big veteran charity event and Tony along with the Avengers had been asked to attend to help draw in donations. Tony played his usual part smiling for the cameras and people, putting on the face that they wanted to see. The evening was going smoothly until Steve Rogers showed up, and in his dress uniform from the army. Right veterans charity, of course he'd be wearing it to support the cause. Tony had to retreat into the bathroom and splash cold water on his face to will his erection away.
Steve hated it. He hated himself for his body having a despicable reaction to such a horrific experience. Still, when he let his mind drift and he thought back to the sensations across his body, and how Tony's cock had felt buried deep into his channel Steve's own length ached with arousal. He recalled the Centipede's many legs and how they caressed his skin and stroked over his shaft. The way they milked him of his come. Thanks to his eidetic memory Steve could recall every piece in perfect clarity, and despite his shame his body still reacted with want for release.
Which was how he found himself in this predicament. Steve had been itching to practice on his life drawing of human anatomy, but models were pricey and he couldn't ask that of lord Pierce, even though he knew his host would present him with any model of his choice. Steve couldn't bring himself to ask such a favor, it just felt like too much and he didn't want to feel as if he were taking advantage of anyone's generosity. For the time he had taken to sketching the handmaiden's and servants as he had seen them bustling about the halls and chambers. The moments however, were fleeting and often his chosen subject was long gone before he had time to finish or add any real details. His leather bound sketchbook was filled with scribbled drawings, messy, capturing more movement than actual definition of the subject. Often Steve found himself nearly asking them to stay still just for a few moments, but they were busy and he certainly wouldn't want anyone to be scolded for unfinished chores around the keep.
After two years it was unusual to be back with the Avengers again, Tony though didn't exactly feel welcome. He had been on his own for two years while the rest of them had been working together, they had all been here on Earth while he was getting his shit rocked by Thanos. It was nice to see Bruce and Thor again, but it wasn't anything like old times. Everyone was plagued by a darkness now, and Tony could read it in their faces. He avoided Steve. He knew it was petty and in the greater scope they had so much more to worry about, but Tony was still clawing his way out of the void of defeat. If it hadn't been for Dr. Strange Tony would be dead.
Tony had been in a vulnerable state and hadn't been thinking straight, his consent hadn't been made with a rational mind. Steve took advantage of him and now Tony probably hated him for it. The erection in his pants was only evidence that he had let instinct and hormones rule his behavior. Tony had probably been disgusted or afraid Steve might force him to submit. Which Steve would never dream of doing. Just because Tony was an omega didn't mean he was lesser. Steve heaved out a heavy sigh and tried to figure out the best way to fix this situation. He and Tony would have to talk so Steve could apologize, and he would offer to leave the tower. Anything so Tony could feel at ease.
Tony swallowed hard and felt his face heat and his stomach twisted in near revulsion. He could see the glistening wetness on his skin. Around his hole, his perineum hell even the back of his balls and inner thighs. He was leaking slick all over, and Steve was using it to finger him. He watched helplessly as Steve pushed the single digit into Tony's channel and he gasped lightly in response to the intrusion. It didn't hurt like he had expected it to, his body was already becoming more pliant to prepare to receive an alpha. It just felt new and foreign to Tony, even though he and Steve had already done this, that had been under the influence of his heat. He didn't have the head-space to really experience it all, to take the time and log away every new sensation.
Comments, suggestions, spelling errors? By all means please let me know. Comments keep me going.  As I said before the reason this sequel even exists is for the ones that asked.
Steve ran his hands down Tony sides and then gripped his thighs he hoisted Tony further up on the bed. The idea of taking him, and Tony asking to be taken was all Steve needed. “You got anything for this?” He asked
Steve stroked his fingers along Tony's bare skin and pressed feather light kisses to his shoulder. Tony listened to the crickets chirping outside of the open window, he could smell Steve, so vivid, sweat and the lingering scent of sex. Tony turned in Steve's arms and without a word just pressed a hard open mouthed desperate kiss to his lips. He could taste Steve on his tongue, he could feel the heat of his body, and when he pulled back and opened his eyes he could see the man, messy hair, bearded face, deep blue eyes staring back at him with love and devotion. Tony ran his hand down the side of Steve's face and curled his fingers into the man's beard.
“I know...but as team leader and Captain I need to ensure that all of my team are at their full potential. “Steve argued. “So with that Jarvis...please let me enter.”
Yes, he wanted to be filled. Normally he should be horrified by the notion that this creature was inching closer and closer with its phallic appendage, but head still swimming from the pollen Steve wanted it more than anything. He gripped his own thighs and brought his legs up exposing his already loosened and wet hole, his breath shaky and uneven. The centipede's slender penis twitched, and pulsed with more fluid the tip skirted over his rim, rubbing teasingly over it, smearing more of the slick natural lubricant over his flesh.
“Then could you be more specific!”
Tony's brow was furrowed and his dark eyeswere intense as he stared Steve down. Even with their height difference, even with Tony looking up at Steve he still commanded an air of dominance within himself. It was admirable. Then Tony's features softened as Steve's words registered and he looked off to the side almost in shame.
“Yeah a few, but nothing long term you know?” Tony's eyes met Steve's briefly. Steve's eyes were so mesmerizing, deep blue with small flecks of green mixed in. It was out of Tony's mouth before he even realized the alcohol inhibiting his better judgment. “I'd date you.” Tony's eyes went wide in horror. “At school!” He added hastily. “Had I met...I mean had we met you know...at-at school.” Oh god no. This was the fuck up of all fuck ups. Years. Tony had spent years hiding his boyhood crush on Steve only to blurt it out in a alcohol infused confession. Stupid.
“Sleep well Steve.” Tony's soothing voice whispered in his ear.
“Nope. When we get back drop off the uniform to my shop and I'll fix it all up for you. Maybe even issue you something new, I could maybe even add this new fiber weave I have been developing.” Steve just sighed and shook his head knowing there was no sense in arguing.
Tony chuckled lightly in response. “You just want an excuse to have my hands all over you.” Steve shrugged lightly in response.
Tony had gotten out of the shower and dried himself off with a towel. He stared at his reflection in the mirror noting the age lines and subtle graying in his hair and beard. Most of all though he examined the arc reactor nestled into the center of his chest and the scars spreading in a star like pattern from the device, marring up the smoothness of his olive skin. Tony suffered from a near constant ache from the scars and the sensitive flesh around the device. Not to mention he often experienced shortness of breath due to the reactor taking up space in chest cavity thus limiting his ability for full lung capacity. Tony touched it lightly, tracing the triangular bracket he had designed for better structure integrity. Sure he acted as if he had learned to accept it...but in reality Tony hated it. Pepper had only added to his insecurity and shame of the thing.
“Fuck-Steve!” Tony grunted and reached down to still Steve's hand from stroking. “If that's what you want you need to stop doing that before I come.” Tony then met Steve's gaze with his eyes his pupils were blown wide with lust, nearly black with the faintest hint of brown around the edge.
Devastated was what Pepper had been when Tony told her everything. “I didn't think I'd get you back I didn't even think I'd survive.” He had tried to explain.
“You really think that I am a good match for America's golden boy?”
Steve nodded and arched his back slightly while his breath hitched. “Y-yes don't stop!” His entire body was quaking with the pent up energy, his arousal winding tighter and tighter like a hot coil ready to release in an explosive orgasm. After so long of reaching this point Steve wanted-no-needed to come he needed Tony to push him over that edge. Steve's hips were thrusting in a desperate need to drive Tony's fingers deeper and harder into his ass. The movement was nearly instinctual at this point, it felt so good to move and rock his hips in the natural rhythm associated with love-making, with fucking.
“Well if it's a vote, I vote we kill it the thing is gross looking.” Clint said while warily eyeing the cage. It was two to two which meant they needed a tie breaker and that left Natasha. The four of them looked to her for the final word. Natasha sighed while she pinched the bridge of her nose.
“Another nightmare.” Steve stated quietly. He ran his fingers though Tony's hair to try and soothe him. “That's all it is Tony, just a nightmare. I know...” Steve swallowed hard. “I know...he did things to you. We nearly lost you, I nearly lost you, but we got there in time remember?”
“Typically, but every lord has different tastes.” Tony stroked a hand over the short cropped beard on his chin. “Some feel superior when they take another man with some masculine features. It's empowering I guess.”
“I admit...sex is way more intense without them. I never realized what exactly I was missing before. I chalked it all up to the heat before.” Tony leaned back slightly his deep brown eyes meeting Steve's brilliant blues. “I'll cut down, but I do have to suppress the heat for the time. Just in case.”
"There isn't much that makes me uncomfortable. So I doubt you could." Steve replied.
Tony tilted his head in thought and looked down at himself sprawled out on the chaise lounge. “Well I have a suggestion.” That little smirk of his returned, just the corner of his mouth raised up as if he were in on some private joke that Steve was unaware of.
“Cap?” Bruce called out, but Steve just walked away from them, saying nothing. His heart was racing in his chest as he followed the commotion of voices and bodies towards Shuri's lab. It couldn't be. Steve walked and felt as if he were moving through a dream, time was moving too slow, everything around him seemed to dull and fade to the background and all his senses focused, narrowed on the location of that voice.
“That's all I ask.”
Steve smiled warmly at Tony and leaned in to kiss him, a soft and slow. Tony typically preferred the hot passionate kisses, where they couldn't get enough of each other. This though was so different, taking time to move slow and explore, so loving and sweet. When Steve finally parted his lips to grant Tony's tongue access to him, Tony was feeling hot with need. It made his chest feel tight and a warmth spread from inside his core. How was it that Steve Rogers could make him feel this way? So unlike himself? Express himself in ways he had never been capable of before?
Steve met Tony's eyes with his own and gave a small shake of his head. “At this point...no I don't think we're friends.” Steve then reached his hand over, settled over the top of Tony's hand, and stroked his thumb tenderly over Tony's skin. “This is more than that, and I'm willing to see where this goes if you are.” He admitted.
“Oh, oh God Tony!” Steve moaned as he thrust into the man below him. “You feel so good.” Tony titled his head back, eyes closing as the pleasure coursed through his body, he practically wailed at the intensity when the head of Steve's cock hit his prostate.
Tony managed to look over his shoulder at Steve behind him. “...I was still a little tight so I may have taken matters into my own hands so to speak.” Tony's skin was flushed, and he felt slick from sweat. Steve couldn't wait any longer. He needed to take care of his omega in need. Without any more hesitation Steve gripped tightly onto Tony's hips as he positioned the tip of his cock against Tony's waiting, leaking hole. Steve snapped his hips forward and with a smooth fluid motion his large cock penetrated into Tony's hot tight channel.
That made Tony hiss slightly in discomfort, so Steve kissed him again in attempt to distract from the ache. “You're doing so good Tony.” Steve praised. “So-so good.” He whispered as he worked his fingers into Tony, scissoring them apart to stretch him further. Once the initial pain had eased, Tony was rocking his hips back against Steve with small gasps and moans of pleasure. After Steve had managed three fingers inside the brunette was writhing beneath him on the bed with loud groans and jumbled words of ecstasy. Steve took a moment to relish the view before him, Tony panting, naked and covered in a light sheen of sweat, with his legs spread and rocking his hips to chase the pleasure. The arc reactor cast a blue glow between them and Steve felt his breath catch at the gorgeous lines of shadow against the light.
Steve shook his head, he wouldn't let Tony just brush it aside. He knew how Tony handled trauma, he internalized it and let it fester. Steve refused to let Tony do that. “Tony stop trying to rationalize it. We both know what happened in there!” Steve couldn't fight the burning of his eyes as the wetness welled up in them.
“I can't...” Tony pressed a soft feather light kiss to Steve's lips. “Just believe me when I say you are better off. Take your gold get out of this place. There is a darkness here, and you will be so much happier if you get yourself away from it.” Tony retied the veil around his face and his beautiful dark eyes met with Steve's as he said “Goodnight my lord Rogers...” and then slipped out of Steve's chamber.
“I want to Tony...I want all of that.” Steve scissored his fingers in Tony's channel. “You think you're ready for me?”
“Yours, all of me is yours.” Tony glanced down and discovered that Steve's member had begun to grow hard again. “I can't get enough of you.” Steve admitted.
Steve did another check around his chambers to ensure that everything was tidy and welcoming. He adjusted the pillows on the chaise lounge he had moved into the center of the room and took a step back to look over the layout and then he adjusted them again. Steve knew he was just trying to pass the time before his...guest...arrived. Nervousness was thrumming through him, making his insides twist in apprehension.
Reading the change in Tony's demeanor the centipede released him from its hold, and uncoiled itself from Tony's body. Once freed Tony attempted to make quick work of removing the rest of his now torn suit, but Steve impatient for Tony to join in the fun, literally ripped the remaining fabric off of him with an animal-like growl. There was a moment they stood looking over one another, briefly, hungry eyes roaming over muscled bodies, angular features, sweat covered skin, hard and heavy cocks, then they clashed, lips slotting together, parting, and opening for one another. The kiss was nearly violent, charged with pent up sexual energy, tongues delving into mouths, tasting, licking, fighting for control.
“Are all the lords you assist male?” Steve asked in curiosity. While male on male relations were typically frowned upon in modern society it was determined to be acceptable when involving a concubine as they couldn't marry or inherit property. It was determined that it did no harm if a highborn noble had his male partners as long as he married a woman that gave birth to an heir. Although male concubines were still a minority they were often popular.
It hadn't been that easy before. After Steve had assisted Tony with his heat, they had talked it over briefly and Steve had believed they had come to an understanding, but it was clear the next morning that Tony had some very different ideas.
Reluctantly Tony dragged his eyes up to the reflection. There he saw himself on the edge of the bed, naked, his arc reactor shining brightly and casting a blue glow against his skin. His legs were splayed out, spread wide with his hands resting on his knees and holding himself open, his feet planted at the edge. He was leaning with his back flush against Steve's chest to support him. Steve was behind him, both arms coming around Tony's waist with his hands down between Tony's legs. Steve's left hand was cupping Tony's balls, lifting them up and out of the way so Tony could get a better view. Steve's right hand was rubbing slow circles around Tony's hole.
Steve felt Tony's fingers tangle into his short hair, petting through the blonde locks and scraping his nails along his scalp. Humming in response Steve closed his eyes to better enjoy the sensations for a moment. There was a brief tug and Steve opened his eyes to look up at Tony, panting and tense with need. Steve massaged Tony's hips briefly before moving his hands to cup and grope the soft globes of Tony's ass, while he leaned in and licked the head of Tony's cock. He ran his tongue around it, tasting the salty precome before taking the sensitive tip into his mouth and gave a suck earning him a stifled moan from Tony. There was the tightening of Tony's grip in his hair and it only encourage him to go further, Steve took more of Tony's aching length into his mouth.
Steve moaned sinfully from the aggressiveness of the thrust. The head of Tony's cock had rammed into his prostate, the suddenness and intensity of the pleasure that jolted through him made his own dick spurt some precome onto the floor. The centipede swayed to the right and shot the stringy webbing around Tony's right wrist, it did the same on the left and reared itself back pulling Tony's hands away from Steve's hips. It curved its body into an S shape with its head reared back, and holding Tony's arms in the strong thread-like webbing. Its lower half was curved up along Tony's ass, its own penis sheathed inside of his body. It moved, in a wave like motion driving its length deep into Tony, the force pushing his own hips forward, and his own cock deep into Steve. It was using Tony to fuck Steve.
“Omegas are distractions, especially ones off suppressants. I could send people into a damn frenzy if my heat sprung up unexpectedly. I've done the research I know the risks and I am staying on the suppressants. End of discussion.” Tony attempted to return to his work, but Steve wasn't done. He grabbed Tony under his arms and hoisted him up away from the armor. “What the-!? Put me DOWN!”
“Hey, hey easy, you're with me, you're safe.” Steve said gently. Tony clasped his hand over Steve's as he tried to will his racing heart to slow.
“Your cock.” Steve begged while splaying his legs further open. “Give me your cock, fuck me hard like before.”
“No one ever said they would remove you from the team. If anyone should be resigning it would be me! I am the one that violated you Steve. Is that what the issue is? You don't have to be afraid to say that to someone if I am the problem I need to know! I will leave the tower you all can have it.”
“Fuck.” Tony cursed as his body tensed and he came messily onto his hand and stomach. He fell back against his bed and felt the creeping shame as soon as the glow of orgasm rapidly faded. It had been years since he had felt turned on by another man, and at this level of intensity as well. Tony wondered if he was experiencing some sort of mid-life crisis that for some reason resulted in himself lusting after a young and viable man. Tony got out of his bed and walked to his bathroom to clean himself up. He wet a towel, wiped away the evidence, and returned to his bed for some much needed sleep. Tony put the incident behind him and believed now that it was out of his system he could move on from it.
Steve slowly lifted his gaze to Tony who was staring at him with a serious expression. Tony Stark wasn't typically a man that had these emotional talks, and he rarely spoke so highly of Steve without adding some clever joke at Steve's expense. Yet here he was taking the blame on himself, taking responsibility and actually apologizing for what had happened. Steve had been so wrapped up in his own guilt he never thought that instead of Tony feeling victimized that he would feel like he had been the sexual predator. “But...I let it happen to you. I didn't even try to stop it I encouraged it. I wanted...I-I wanted...”
“Tony, oh fuck, Tony!” He groaned. His balls clenched up tight and his cock pulsed flooding Tony's insides as he reached his climax. Steve sagged behind Tony, draping his arms around the man's middle and pressed several kisses between his shoulders. Steve was breathing hard trying to catch his breath, and Tony arched his back beneath him feeling Steve's beard rubbing against his skin. Tony couldn't hold his arms upright anymore, the attachment to the prosthetic and flesh was still a bit sore so Tony collapsed down onto the bed. Strong arms bracketed on either side of him, Steve held himself above Tony so as not to crush him under his weight.
The veil ended just at the base of the neck where more glittery gold chains hung against smooth olive skin. He was bare chested and Steve couldn't stop his eyes from focusing in on the golden hoop piercing in the man's left nipple. Steve's mouth felt dry and he had to swallow to moisten the sudden parched feeling in his throat. This concubine was fit, but lean, not scrawny by any means. He had strong looking shoulders and arms, and while his chest and abs weren't as sculpted as Steve's he could appreciate the subtle contours that spoke of hard work and effort. Bands of gold adorned his arms and wrists, slender hoops,that clinked together with the movement of his arms.
“You don't have to-”
“Eeeh I will live. I think.” Tony settled himself beside Steve. It was still unbelievable that this had happened between them. He knew that deep down Steve had his hesitations about the whole thing and Tony understood that, but he was confident that there would never be anyone that could replace Steve in his life.
“So...are we agreed then Tony?” Steve ground out, his voice low and husky.
Tony's hands were on Steve's hips, his fingers were digging hard into his skin with effort to keep himself still. Steve flexed, clenching tightly around Tony's encased cock , and causing him to curse softly under his breath.
“Oooh god!” Steve gasped while he squeezed his cock. He had never been rimmed before, and although the centipede lacked a tongue the wet suction it applied to his hole was incredibly gratifying. More of the clear viscous fluid from the centipede's maw spilled out covering Steve's ass and dribbling down over his thighs. It made Steve hyper aware of every nerve ending back there, the sucking sensation wasn't enough though. He wanted more, he wanted to be filled, stretch, fucked. With his free hand Steve trailed down, feeling over his own heated skin, caressing along the soft mandible squeezing over his flesh, and maneuvered a finger between the centipede's wet maw and his own entrance.
Steve had struck up a friendship with one of the training officers for the tourney's, a retired military man himself. Sam Wilson had offered Steve some advice in his predicament.
“Oh! Shit...sorry.” Tony apologized and got out of the bed with a slight wince. Yep he would be feeling that tomorrow. Tony grabbed a hand towel and ran it under some hot water and walked it back out to Steve. He thanked Tony and proceeded to wipe himself down. “Just toss it wherever I can have it cleaned.” Tony yawned and crawled back into the bed, Steve wrapped an arm around him and pulled him in close.
“Sorry for the precautions, but we had no idea what we were dealing with here.”
Tony gave Steve a look of confusion. “Can't come? I don't know what you-”
“Still with me?” Steve asked in concern.
“What you went through, what we both went through isn't something that any sane person could simply walk away from without some...” Steve could sense that Tony was attempting to be very tactful with how he phrased everything. It bothered him that Tony felt he needed to be handled so delicately. “Without some sort of lasting mark.” Tony finished. “It's okay to not be okay.”
Tony felt a wave of disappointment he tried to ignore, so this was how it was going to end. Oh sure he would give his hotel number as if they were going to meet up, but Steve would go on his way and that would be the end of the game. "The Hilton...6th floor, room 633. I suppose I'll meet you there?"
“We both know we're just going to be disappointed.” Tony replied with a bitter edge. Steve frowned and rubbed his hand over Tony's abdomen. He knew this was difficult for Tony to accept, and he would be lying if he didn't feel that nagging disappointment. Steve would never voice that though, instead he tried to be as supportive and understanding.
“I don't want to hurt you.” He forced himself to say and willed his hips to be still despite how much his body craved for more of that delectable touch.
Steve's hands tensed in Tony's and he had to bite his lip to stop any noise that may escape. Tony was staring up at Steve and he was breathing in deeply. Tony could sense Steve's arousal. An alpha sexually aroused could give off certain signals like an omega could but they could be more subtle depending on the alpha. Tony closed his eyes as he inhaled the scent of need thick in the air.
“I heard the rumors but always wanted to see for myself, god Tony you've got a nice big cock.” Steve said while nuzzling Tony's groin appreciatively. “I can just imagine what you'll feel like inside me, I wanna feel stretched and open. I want you to fuck me good, I know you'll make it so good. The centipede already prepped me, I'm so loose and open, ready to take you in. I wanna feel you come in me, make me messy, feel your come leaking from my used hole.”
“No...I wanted to ask is...is it okay if I maybe do some drawing while you work?” Steve asked hesitantly.
“Yes. Steve.” Tony confirmed. They spent the next several hours getting Tony though his heat. Making love at a languid relaxed pace as opposed to the frantic needy fucking they had done previously. They really explored, and took the time to admire and focus on each other as bonded mates often did. Steve knew it was going to be rough on Tony coming out to the others, and he was determined to be there with him every step of the way. To be the alpha he needed to be and protect his omega.
“New...reactor...” He said a bit breathlessly. Steve turned his attention towards where Tony was pointing and he picked up the replacement. It was much deeper than Steve had imagined. It must extend very far into Tony's chest cavity. “Okay...when I take this...out...” Tony ground out. “You attach that piece on the end...in-into the-the center here.” He tapped his chest. “W-When it powers on I-I will be...okay.” Tony let out as slow breath. “...one...two...go...” He twisted the dying reactor in his chest and pulled the device out. As soon as he disconnected it from his body more alarms started blaring. Steve tried not to let the blaring noises distract or worry him but the look on his face must have betrayed that, Tony waved him off and grabbed for the new one. Hastily Steve grabbed the end with the cord and inserted it into the cylindrical cavity of Tony's chest. Once it was attached the blaring machines went quiet, and Tony grasped onto the new reactor twisting it into place. Tony seemed to physically jolt as he got the arc reactor in place.
“-I guess it was a result of the medication I was on for so many years, or my age, that's a thing. A heat can shorten with age right? Well it's over, I did what was asked so I need you to schedule me a-”
passed between them in just their eyes. Tony could only stare as he read the deep rooted emotion in Steve's expression the despair and mourning for their lost connection. Why hadn't he just picked up the phone and called or texted once? The anger he had held onto for two damn years felt petty and insignificant in the grander scheme of their situation.
Tony couldn't believe this was really happening, he was on his knees sucking off Captain America. What merciful force in the universe had he appeased to grant him this wonderful gift? Tony hummed around Steve's cock as he bobbed his head a few times, taking him down and backing off to the tip, swallowing around him, and using his tongue to stimulate him further. Steve's head shot back as he moaned. Tony was really doing this. Tony was really sucking him off. He clenched the sheets with one hand as he moved his other to grip Tony's hair.
Steve nodded. “I know what you smell like...Tony why? I thought-”
Steve and Tony had hardly any time with each other, but that was to be expected with their line of work. Of course once they had finally gotten some free time Tony was busy in the workshop designing upgrades and fixing everyone's gear. No one had seen Tony for three days and that included Pepper as well, and even she could only get him to partially listen to her phone calls. Steve knew that Tony had a busy schedule, so he occupied his time with his other hobbies. He worked out, he did some drawing, and learned how to play a game called Mario Kart thanks to Clint and Sam. Steve was lounging on the couch and catching up on his book list when Jarvis got his attention.
“You're very sensitive Tony.” Steve whispered, his breath hot over Tony's skin. He flicked his tongue over Tony's nipple earning another gasp. Pleasure ripped through Tony unexpectedly. The hot throb of arousal intensified further.
“Gah! Get it off-get it off!” Tony squirmed in the tight constriction trying to free himself, but the centipede held him still. Steve stood up slowly and approached Tony seeing he was in distress he remembered he had been too at first.
“I'm right here.” Steve replied and settled his hand over Tony's left. Entwining his fingers with that of the metallic red of the prosthetic. A dangerous gesture, an all too affectionate one, but Tony did nothing, instead he surged up to seal his lips over Steve's. Tongues slipping over one another, exploring and claiming one another. Suddenly Steve's hips snapped forwards rapidly losing the steady rhythm as he came, moaning against Tony's mouth.
“Need me to move?” Tony was already adjusting his position his hips shifted and the red silky fabric rose up along his thighs slightly. Steve had to look away.
“Captain Rogers I insist that you wait for Sir-”
Steve smiled and loosened his grip. “I want you to feel good Tony. For helping me through this, for not making me feel like I was wrong or sick for enjoying what had happened.” Steve sat up from the bed and touched Tony's cheek lightly with his fingers.
“Come for me soldier!” Steve didn't have to be told twice, he sank down hard onto Tony's dick the head ramming into his already abused prostate. Steve's body shook as he came for the second time, spilling over Tony's abdomen and marking him with filthy evidence of their deeds. Steve's shoulders slumped slightly as he caught his breath. His balls were starting to ache already, both his orgasms had felt incredible, but Tony hadn't reached his climax yet. Steve knew he could go at least one more time. He swiveled his hips and clenched his ass.
“No, it's a pollen it's like a drug like date rape. Snap out of it Steve please try and snap out of it. You'll never forgive yourself for this I know you won't. Stop before you do something you'll regret!” The centipede unraveled part of its body from Tony sensing he was falling into the heat. He was reacting physically but it hadn't yet affected his judgment. The centipede aligned itself between Tony's legs and contorted itself up, legs spreading like fingers reaching up and clamping themselves over Tony's cock. “No,no, no!” Tony protested, but his voice was sounding more strained.
One of the screens in the lab lit up in alarm and Okoye walked over to investigate. There was an incoming aircraft, unidentified heading their way. Her first instinct was to blow the thing sky high before it had a chance to breech their borders, but there was a chance it could be survivors, perhaps even the other individuals Rogers had mentioned. She hesitated, trying to keep her mind sharp and focused, she had no time to grieve, not yet. She hit the intercom to hail the airship.
The creature released him and backed away watching intently as Steve slipped his own finger into his wet hole, it was still tight, needing to be worked open but the centipede's slick lube like saliva made for an easy glide into himself. Steve cursed quietly as he pushed past the first knuckle and deeper still, but it wasn't enough. The heat building in his body wasn't satisfied it needed more. He pushed two fingers into himself hissing from the burn but it felt so good at the same time, he pumped them in and out and continued to stroke his cock with the other hand.
---At Stark Industries---
Steve blinked a bit in surprise but he laughed lightly and gazed down at Tony with a small smile. “Yeah? Well I doubt you would have liked me in my college days. Still a short scrawny kid plus...I was an art student. I didn't exactly hang out with you smarty pants science crowd.”
"Yeah I know you do" Tony whispered. "...but you've never heard me in bed Steve."
“Make sure you are in full containment gear just in case. I'd hate for there to be another incident.” Steve said while trying to ignore those inappropriate thoughts.
“You really mean that?” Tony asked after the long drawn out silence. “You want me to be exclusive? I admit the offer is tempting, but I doubt Pierce would allow you to just say I am off limits.”
Tony panted, getting a hand between them and palming the front of Steve's pants. "Yeah you like that? I promised to show you a good time. I'll give you a good time." Tony whispered, his voice low and husky in Steve's ear.
“Another, give me another I'm ready.” Tony ordered. Steve complied, pulling his finger out and adding more lube, this time Tony hissed and gripped the bedsheets in his fists as Steve pushed two fingers into his channel. The stretch was really starting to burn now, and Steve could see the discomfort on Tony's face. He stilled his hand once he was fully inserted to give Tony time to adjust to the intrusion.
“Why do you think that is? I'm just asking to try and get to the root cause here.”
“Fuck-oh-fuck Steve!” Tony moaned. Once the last of the aftershocks had passed Tony pulled out of Steve and sat back on his heels. Both were catching their breath, Steve rolled onto his back as he collapsed, taking in long extended breaths. His body was covered in a sheen of sweat that only made his creamy skin glow.
Sam slapped him on the back and had a grin on his face. “That's the spirit.”
“There has been a lot of damage, and the stone had acted as a power source. I could reconnect the synapses but without a power source I am unable to do much. I'm sorry.”
This way he could have that, a small victory for his depravity, and Steve would never know of his mid life crises sexual infatuation. It could even help ease his problem if he got just that little taste of what it would be like. Not now though, he did have a lot of work to do but later...oh later he could have fun. Tony pocketed the gloves for the moment and set to work on the uniform and other small tasks he had for his team's equipment. That night though he headed to his room in the penthouse, the gloves still hidden away in his pants pocket, and no one would ever know.
Tony wet his lips with his tongue as he looked, and looked, he had never allowed himself this before. To just openly stare in such a way, but Steve didn't seem to mind. His body was like it had been sculpted for perfection. Broad strong shoulders and arms, rock hard abs with a narrow waist, firm well shaped ass, powerful long legs, and an amazing cock. He was long and thick, the tip glistened wetly from the precome leaking out. Steve reached a hand down, swiping his thumb along the tip collecting the clear fluid, and smearing it down his shaft.
“Ah!-ohhh!” Steve's surprised yelp turned to a moan. “Do-do that again!” Tony obliged slapping Steve's ass again. “Ngh! More!” Tony did so slapping the round butt-cheek and kneading his fingers into the sore flesh. Soft, but also so firm as he always imagined it would be.
“Just let it happen.” Steve whispered and he leaned in, his hands settling on Tony's hips. He licked a strip up Tony's cock as it was held in the centipede's grasp. Tony bit back a moan and shut his eyes tightly trying to keep himself still, but the bug was pulsing, flexing around him, its soft warm legs squeezed and released, and squeezed again, tugging gently on his length. Steve's wet tongue laved up from the tip to the base, he pressed his lips to Tony's flesh, and sucked, and mouthed over what bit of Tony's cock he could reach.
Steve worked Tony's belt off and unzipped Tony's pants and pulled his cock out to give him a few firm strokes. Tony gasped and arched his back, groaning as Steve touched him he hadn't expected this, Steve willingly touching him, wanting to pleasure him.
“Look” Steve ordered Tony, his voice dropping low with authority. Tony's gaze was off to the side, he could feel Steve's hands on him, he could feel the pads of Steve's fingers circling over his wet hole. He knew what Steve was doing, but he didn't want to see it. The shame and humiliation rose up from inside, his face flushed with the embarrassment of what Steve was trying to make him view. Steve's other hand came up and he held Tony's chin gently and turned his head to face the mirror he had propped up to face the edge of the bed. “Look.” Steve repeated the order, as he dropped his hand from Tony's chin and trailed it back down between his legs.
Steve stopped fighting the restraints and laid back against the bed, closing his eyes as the tears streamed down his face. He deserved to be locked up like an animal he wasn't fit to be the leader of the Avengers. Steve sucked in a hitching breath and then winced, apparently whatever pain killers or sedatives were given to him were being worked out of his system by the serum. The aches started, dull and throbbing in some of his most intimate areas. The pain only further proved that this entire nightmare was indeed real.
“I'm not that out of it. I know what I want and it's this-” Steve ventured further and wrapped his hand around the girth of Tony's cock making the man gasp. “You're big cock inside of me. I want to feel you stretching me, you're long and thick and you filled me up so nice.” Steve slowly moved his fist up and then back down, lazily stroking Tony's shaft. “Then have you spill inside.” He swiped his thumb over Tony's leaking tip. “Your seed leaking out of my abused hole. I'll be all stretched out and gaping, your come will just spill right out of me.”
A fiery heat ignited in his body, sudden all at once. Steve nearly dropped down to a knee from the intensity of it, it felt as if his very nerve endings were on fire. It was so strong, a burning so hot all over his body. In alarm Steve wondered if this was a poison doing its work, and the centipede would soon claim him as its prey. Only the heat wasn't turning into a crippling pain as he was expecting. No this was a different rush of agony the pleasurable kind, a throbbing need that pulsed deep within his core.
“Is it really that bad? Please can you just try it for a week? See what happens?” Steve was referring to the suppressants. It was no secret that Steve didn't approve of Tony taking them. The problems in the bedroom had been grating on Tony's nerves as well. Steve was convinced that if Tony let those chemicals out of his system that his body would regulate to normal hormone levels. “I doubt you'll go right into heat, but these suppressants obviously are not working for you. I get that you want to stop the heat, and...the lubricating...but at what point are you just causing yourself more grief.”
Steve needed a distraction to keep his thoughts from straying into that territory. Maybe so long without any intimacy in his life he was growing desperate. This had been the very reason he hadn't picked a woman for fear of making a fool of himself. Talking, maybe talking with Tony would help to ground him again and keep his focus on the drawing. Only his mind was completely blank on topics, Tony picked up on the distress.
Comments and kudos are always appreciated!
The two of them tumbled into Tony's bed and he took her from behind. Tony held her hips and thrust himself roughly into her, but he was no where closer to reaching climax after several minutes of pumping his cock.
The wet sound of skin on leather filled the quiet of the room, Tony's breath wasn't to the point of labored panting, but was coming out shaky and strained. This is what it would feel like to have Steve jerk him off while in uniform and the knowledge of that made his cock grow even harder in his hand, he nearly came, a small spurt of precome spilled from the tip onto his stomach. Tony squeezed hard at the base to back himself from the edge he nearly tipped over.
“What...what is it?” Steve asked.
“So close” Tony was panting and thrusting his hips, forcing his cock into Steve's hot, wet mouth. Steve held firmly at the base and began to stroke, short and quick movements of his wrist as he bobbed his head faster focusing more attention on the head. Tony's cock felt rigid and hot in his hand, throbbing with growing need. Tony was so close he could feel it, he was so ready to reach that explosive edge. “Oh-oh God! Oh fuck Steve!”
“Hey Tony...you mind if I use your shower?” He asked in attempt to make some conversation.
“I didn't meant to upset you.” Steve said hurriedly. “Look I know you are supposed to serve whoever lord Pierce offers you to, but let's just say that he owes me a favor, in fact everyone here owes me for what I have done in service with the king's army.” Steve had sat up too and placed his hand on Tony's arm. “I want you to be exclusive to me, as my model and I won't touch you or anything unless it is something you want.”
“My alpha needs to come multiple times before he's satisfied? Of course that doesn't bother me. Just means we get to have more fun.” Tony rolled his hips again forcing Steve even deeper, his knot pulling and stretching his hole. “You feel so good Steve.” Tony murmured. Steve gripped onto Tony's hips again and began to thrust shallowly into Tony again, he couldn't move much on account of his knot, but he was already so deeply seated into Tony's channel that every little movement sent shocks of pleasure through Tony. Tony began to moan again.
“Cap.” Tony greeted. “Something you need? Upgrades? Uniform needs adjustment? Bad guys running amok in our city?” He listed off the usual reasons people came down to interrupt him.
“You want to as much as I do.” Tony replied in a rough voice. Steve really couldn't argue with that point, as he was currently rutting himself against Tony's hand, but Tony had been injured already. Steve couldn't live with himself if he only added more pain.
“God Tony...” Steve groaned as he pressed more small kisses to the man's shoulder. He gave Tony's nipple one last small tug before he ventured back down to play with and tease Tony's ass. Steve plunged two fingers in with little resistance at all and worked a slow steady rhythm of pushing and pulling out. Tony's breath was coming out harsher, more strained as Steve worked him open. Tony tried to keep himself quiet, but the methodical slide of Steve's fingers in him grazed along his prostate, and Tony couldn't suppress the soft grunts and hums of pleasure. “That's right Tony, just enjoy it. Look at how beautiful you are.”
“Wait here, I'll be back.” Tony patted his thigh and got up from the bed and padded over to the bathroom. Steve sighed and closed his eyes as he waited, hearing water running from the tap and the sounds of a toothbrush scrubbing over teeth. Ah, yeah that made sense given where Tony's mouth had just been. Steve realized he must have dozed off for a moment because next he knew there was a warm dampness on his stomach. He opened his eyes lazily and saw that Tony was carefully wiping him down with a warm towel.
Tony cried out and shuddered beneath Steve's grasp. He felt so full, so used, but he didn't feel ashamed of it anymore. This was what he was made for and he loved to feel Steve in his body, the stretch and burn was welcome as it was replaced by the intensity of pleasure from his prostate. Steve took Tony at a brutal hard pace, knowing that Tony was a bit of masochist. His rock hard cock shoved into Tony's body, angling just right to strike that sweat spot that made Tony moan and whimper.
“Anytime Steve. You ever want another drink.” Tony mimed a phone with his thumb and pinky. “Just call me.”
“No-No it's okay.” Steve stated. “Relax I won't tell anyone that you said anything. As far as I'm concerned whatever you say or do here tonight stays in this room. I will respect you as a model should be respected, and that includes a level of confidentiality.” He gave Tony a small reassuring smile so he knew that what he said was genuine. Slowly he saw Tony's shoulders relax, his dark eyes narrowed slightly as if suspicious of Steve's good intentions. After a moment he nodded and hummed to himself in thought.
Steve gave her a firm nod. “Do it.” Steve looked to Thor next, thankful to have a being of such power and strength on their side. “Do you know of any allies, anyone at all that could be out there willing to offer their help to us?”
