“Before going into this I would draw your attention to the fact that if Alec Cunningham's narrative were correct, and if the assailant after shooting William Kirwan had instantly fled, then it obviously could not be he who tore the paper from the dead man's hand. But if it was not he, it must have been Alec Cunningham himself, for by the time the old man had descended several servants were upon the scene. The point is a simple one, but the Inspector had overlooked it because he had started with the supposition that these men had had nothing to do with the matter. Now, I make a point of never having any prejudices and of following docilely wherever fact may lead me, and so in the very first stage of the investigation I found myself looking a little askance at the part which had been played by Mr. Alec Cunningham.”
"That's what the detectives are saying," Bryan looked annoyed now. "But he was killed by a vampire. I'm sure of it."
Sherlock is too perplexed to move for a moment. He feels something on his cheek and reaches up to find tears again rolling down his face.
"What's your name?" he asked.
She was small and rather meek, with mousy hair tied back in a long pony tale. Her entire face seemed to light up when she saw Sherlock and John wondered if this was one of the hearts he had "eaten".
“Just have to find it now,” Sherlock said softly, more to himself than John.
"What's going on?" John asked nervously.
John glanced down at the books to find several titles pertaining to ghosts or haunting and a few pertaining to poisons and herbs. He raised an eyebrow at the pile, wondering exactly how long they would be waiting if Sherlock actually expected him to make it through all the books before they left.
Sherlock had started taking cases again once he was convinced John had regained enough strength to fend for himself against "those insufferable idiots" (indicating John's medical team). He had, however, brought John updates on the cases regularly, talking through them with great energy as he had always done, often to the dismay of John's nurses and, later, physical therapist. And, although John wasn't with him, he felt a part of the cases. He wrote posts about the them, bothering Sherlock for the details he always found most interesting, much to Sherlock's frustration and annoyance, though he always answered all John's questions.
“Never mind that,” the voice said. “Just start talking, or I shoot Sherlock.”
"But how?"
“So, what’s the plan?” John asked.
“Oh boys,” Moriarty sang.
"I cannot disclose Dr. Watson's medical information to anybody outside of his next-of-kin," the doctor's tone had moved from annoyance to anger now and he snapped John's chart closed and looked Sherlock full in the face.
He had sighed and reached for John's leg, keeping his attention on John's face so that he would know if he needed to stop. But when he place his hand on the leg, John didn't react at all. Sherlock was surprised. He had grimaced and groaned pitifully when he touched his left arm, which has suffered significantly less trauma. He cautiously moved the leg, still watching John's face for signs of pain, but still John did not react. Sherlock frowned, unsettled.
"Ah, I see," Dr. Azarian gazed at Sherlock for a long moment. "And how do you intend to prepare Dr. Watson?"
Once he was wearing something appropriate for the theatre, Sherlock move up to John’s room to find him something appropriate that would fit over his cast.
Sherlock sighed. He looked at John, who was looking back at him with an unreadable expression. Sherlock was miserable. He knew that this was hurting John more than anything this maniac could have done to him physically. John was as straight as a board. He was always reminding people that he wasn’t gay and that he and Sherlock were not in a relationship. It was clearly a sore point for him. Sherlock knew that saying this was ruining their friendship. John would never be able to look at him the same way again. Everything would change.
John was still staring at him.
"Yes," she said, still speaking softly. "I had a lover -- a partner. Our love was forbidden and we were to be killed, but then I was turned. I saved her life, but we had to live in secrecy. We were isolated from both communities -- human and vampire."
"You're right, damn you," he said. "Fine. I'll get it there, but you'd better find something worth the risk."
"Did you catch it?" Sherlock's voice was barely audible now but somehow sounded like a growl.
"Chemistry?" John asked.
"Is...," Molly's small voice was hesitant as he heard her set her files down and move closer, "is everything okay? Is John okay?"
Sherlock's frustration flamed higher at her question.
“Nerve gas exposure doesn’t often come up in cases,” Sherlock growls.
John hesitated a moment, but then Sherlock shot him a look of annoyance over his shoulder and he followed.
“I need to go to the lab,” Sherlock said suddenly.
“Dirt, or something?” John asked.
Before them, a small hole led into the ground. Sherlock, looked over John’s shoulder at the entrance. They looked at one another.
"Mr. Holmes," Dr. Azarian stood and walked around the table toward the door, "I have been a doctor for many years. In those years I have seen thousands of patients whose illnesses and recoveries have followed exactly as the textbooks describe. And then there have been those who should have died, but didn't. And those who shouldn't have, but did."
“Take it slow,” Sherlock was sitting next to the bed on one of the uncomfortable chairs, his body tensed as he readied himself to catch John should he fall… again.
“Is it a sharp pain?” he asked. “Does it get worse when you take a breath?”
"Why don't we interview the witness now?" John asked, picking up the first book and thumbing through the pages.
"Yes, yes. Do keep up," the man rolled his eyes, but somehow managed to maintain John's gaze. "There was a murder. Quite a nasty one, in fact. I narrowed it down to one suspect, but he had an alibi for the time of the murder. He was spotted by several people at the local inn from midnight until well after five in the morning the day the murder was committed, at around 3:30 am . Now of course you know the rest."
John's eyes widened. "You can? Great!"
“Very good!” the voice said. “So after all of that, it doesn’t even matter. I might as well just shoot Dr. Watson now and save him the suffering… but that wouldn’t be much fun, now would it? And how much will you suffer, Dr. Watson?”
"It's a strange one," Lestrade said, moving into the room.
"No, Sherlock," Molly's voice was quiet and she placed a hand on his knee as she interrupted him. "I mean, did you tell him
“Good,” Sherlock felt relief flood him. Perhaps this would be easier than he though.
“I’m not your housekeeper,” she huffed, but shuffled off to make the tea anyway.
“Brother,” Mycroft warned. “Don’t make me have Lestrade detain you for your own safety. You know I’ll do it.”
Sherlock hesitates.
Sherlock stared hard at the screen, but he couldn’t see the safe properly.
Sherlock parted his own lips, feeling John’s breath mingling with his own. He didn’t have much practice with this sort of thing, but John did. John took control and, surprised, Sherlock let him.
He pulled a vial from his pocket and deposited something John could not see, then moved quickly over to the equipment set up on a large table on the other side of the room. John followed, curious, but could not tell what Sherlock was doing. He peered into the small telescope like machine for several long moments, sometimes mumbling to himself. John stood behind him, waiting for Sherlock to begin explaining and thinking he may be waiting for quite a long time.
John closes his eyes. If Moriarty is still out there, then Sherlock is still in danger.
“Obviously,” he said.
Sherlock sighed. When exactly was John going to use the truths? Did he think Sherlock would use them? Was he afraid of something?
The castle continued to move sluggishly forward.
"What was that?" Mrs. Hudson asked.
Sherlock was starting to regret this decision. He should have known that it would be a difficult situation for John. But now that they were in their seats, things should go more smoothly.
"Sherlock," John could feel the last of his energy physically leave his body, "let's go home."
"What about the murderer?" John asked, glancing over at the ship, which was now almost entirely submerged.
Sherlock didn’t consider himself a prideful man… Well, okay, maybe a bit. But he didn’t usually care what other people thought of him. But John. John was different. John was… everything.
So sorry for the long delay in posting this. There was a bit of a family emergency. But it is finally here. Thank you so much to everyone who read, and to those who left kudos, and most especially to those who left comments. You are all so wonderful!
“I’m going to pull you up,” Sherlock said quietly. “You can keep your bad leg straight and I’ll help you drag it. Just lean on me.”
“We might not have time,” Sherlock said, trying to hide the worry from his voice. “Do better.”
“Uh uh,” he sang, “no helping your little pet. This is his puzzle after all. If you say a word, the game is over, and I’ll have John shot in the stomach.”
"It is for four separate people, all well under middle age, to have heart attacks in supposedly haunted buildings," Sherlock said, grinning.
Sherlock’s heart fell. He could indeed put weight on the food, but Sherlock could already tell it was causing him even more pain. How much pain could one man be expected to take.
When they arrived at the manor, Sherlock could tell John still had no idea where they were. The manor was impressive. It was a red brick construction, two storeys, with vines climbing up the walls. A brick gate surrounded the property. The garden was well landscaped, with large, well-trimmed bushes on either side and a grove of trees in the back.
"Then what killed them?" John asked.
“No,” Sherlock hit the stake again, considerably harder this time as he noted John’s smile.
Sherlock sighed.
"Oh, it's okay," Irene rubbed a hand down Harry's arm and John felt himself begin to shake with anger. "I'm sure this will only take a moment."
"No," Sherlock murmured, "it's not."
"Well, she moved the castle quite a long way," John was beginning to feel a bit guilty.
“Round one,” Scarecrow said loudly, as though announcing to an invisible audience. “Truth or dare Sherlock?”
“That’s it John,” Sherlock said, “breathe!”
He raised his voice.
"Many simpler spell require no magic at all," he said. "It is simply chemistry with magical elements."
Sherlock wanted to stop him. He didn’t want to hear this. He was certain of it. He didn’t want John to have to tell him whatever secret he had managed to keep for so many years. He would much rather have taken the shot. But John was never going to allow that to happen.
"Come on John," Sherlock said impatiently as John pushed his aching body slowly up from the chair. "We've got an appointment with a ghost."
But John had stopped listening. There was a chance. He had a chance to not lose everything. He didn't care about the risks. If it meant not being invalidated home from his life again, he would risk anything and he had a chance.
"Alright," Sherlock said, turning toward John, "we are looking for anybody who could have framed Amelia. Somebody who could have found her after hundreds of years in hiding."
"Fluff doesn't seem to like her," John commented as he heard the small dog growling.
Sherlock shot him a look. He might be considered the stubborn, childish one, but John’s stubbornness could rival anyone’s.
“John, I…” Sherlock began.
John, however, didn’t stop leaning on him, his head pressed onto his shoulder.
“Oh him,” Moriarty said dismissively. “You’re not still mad about that are you? Seb just wanted to have a little fun. And he’s such a good pet, I thought I’d reward him.”
Sherlock carefully moved so that he was straddling John’s torso, his hand moving down to John’s stomach. He left off kissing John’s beautiful lips and moved to his throat. John moaned softly as he allowed his tongue to explore the area.
He pulled out an evidence bag and handed it to Sherlock.
“Can you sit on your own?” Sherlock asked.
"It appears there may be," Sherlock said. "Be ready in ten minutes. I'm going to gather out supplies."
“John?” Sherlock said, exasperated. “It’s a date. Dates are normal. Normal people go out on dates.”
"Dr. Azarian will be in to speak with you about it in a few hours," Sherlock mumbled, barely audible. "They've already operated twice, but you'll need at least one more operation. They aligned and stabilized the fractured bones with a ring fixator and repaired as much of the soft tissue damage as they could."
"I... yes, of course," John said, slowly as the pieces began to connect in his head.
"Yes, of course," Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at him. "You'll be staying, correct?"
“Molly Hooper,” he said finally.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “That’s one. Four more.”
“It’s a date,” Sherlock said nonchalantly.
He moved his hand and tried again. And again. And again. And again.
A hand gripped his shoulder tightly, making him jump. He struggled to understand what was happening. He was being pulled away from the bleeding man. He needed to help. He needed to...
The next painting he sees is Arachne by Gustave Dore. This must indicate that the container near it contains a venomous spider. The next is The Death of Socrates, which must indicate some sort of poison in the three containers near it.
Sherlock looked away, his breath catching in his throat.
Suddenly, Fluff began barking frantically and jumped off Harry's lap to run toward the front of the house.
"What is in your pocket John?" Sherlock now looked John straight into John's eyes.
And yet...
“Last round you bastard,” Sherlock said contemptuously.
Sherlock gazed steadily back at the doctor.
“How?” Sherlock asked, astonished. He made all the wrong decisions, regardless of what John seemed to think.
“What?” Sherlock wasn’t catching on.
"Working on the assumption that Dr. Watson is suffering from a compression injury, we would relieve the pressure on the injured section of spinal cord and stabilize the discs in the region."
"I always do," Sherlock said, grinning down at John.
"We've got a lead on our vampire," Sherlock said as soon as John moved into the room.
"And why in the world would I have done that?" Dimmock shot back. "I don't know anything about you. You come waltzing in here acting as though you have a right to official evidence..."
Sherlock moved quickly to the other side of the car, handing John his crutch and helping John discretely to a standing position.
“Slowly,” he screamed at Sebastian through the laptop. “I’m going to kill you slowly. You’ll beg me for death. I’ll make you suffer ten times as much as you’ve made John suffer.”
"Oh, deary, don't be so harsh," Mrs. Hudson said, flaring up slightly. "After all, you did it once."
“Thank you, Colonel Hayter,” John said.
Sherlock was confused.
“4, 5,” the voice finished.
John coughed, raspy and dry and weak, but a cough nonetheless.
They both grinned.
“5, 4, 3, 2..”
"Er... no," John said, "but you're in the right place. Can I help you?"
“Your turn, Johnny boy,” Moriarty said gleefully. “Please enter the room in front of you and you will be given your instructions.”
“It’s okay,” Sherlock said. “It was too far. I’m sorry.”
After a short moment of silence, Alec ushered them all inside and they settled in the drawing room again.
John was sitting in his bed, his hand to his ear, an irritated expression on his face. But he had looked at the door when Sherlock entered. He had heard the door open.
Almost as soon as he said it, he saw a flash in the sky. Moving quickly and without thinking, he stepped forward in one boot in the direction of the star. He landed just short of the star and, pulling his foot out of the boot, began running as quickly as he could manage. In just a few steps, he was within reach of the star.
"That isn't why I value you, John," Sherlock said finally, his voice soft and full of wonder, as though he had just come to a conclusion on a case. "John, I value you for a thousand different reasons, not just because you happened to do a decent job of running around London after criminals. Your value to me does not reside in your usefulness to me. I value you because of who you are, not because of what your transport can do."
for you. Sentiment. Silly. But, you’re so… so… you’ve been through so much, but you somehow have remained kind. You’re strong and smart (yes, smart, in your own way) and kind. But you’re actually kind. You aren’t pretending. You don’t pretend—you just are who you are. I told you earlier that you are my most important treasure. I meant that. You are the most important person in the world to me.”
He looked up and found he had wandered into the morgue out of habit.
Sherlock ignored Moriarty and looked at John instead, guilt and shame eating away at him, thinking this might just be the last moment he would see the man he loved alive. He was certain John must hate him now. But, to his great surprise, he saw that a small smile now played across John’s lips.
When he arrived at the indicated location (a rather disturbingly difficult task) and caught sight of John, his heart stopped and he collapsed to his knees amongst the rubble.
"Thank you," John said softly.
He thought he could see what looked like a black coat.
“No!” Sherlock moved in front of John again, arms spread wide as though this would help shield him.
John blinked and turned in the direction of Sherlock's voice. Sherlock and the hospital seemed to materialize around him like a dream. He was having trouble distinguishing what was reality. And he was shaking. And the bomb... And...
"...John," a soft, familiar voice broke through John's panicked fog, though it was distant and muffled. His mind felt weighted and he fought hard against the darkness that threatened to pull him back down. He wanted to find the source of that voice.
But John has the handle of the door in his hand and he has pushed it just in time to open it before the lock engaged.
Without hesitation, Sherlock began descending the ladder.
"It wasn't me," Amelia said, though she didn't seem to believe she would convince them.
Sherlock thanked an entity he didn’t even believe in and let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
"Yes," Sherlock said shortly. "Unless you let me examine the body. Then I can give you proof."
“We’re going to play a game,” Scarecrow said slowly. “High stakes, winner takes all.”
Sherlock spun around. John was holding his left arm just above the elbow.
When he opened his eyes again a moment later, a straw was hovering in front of his lips. He gave Sherlock a grateful half grin and sipped as much of the offered water as he could manage.
"Wait," John said after a moment's silence. "You knew it was a mermaid. You set that trap up specifically for a mermaid. How did you know?"
“You just heard me, did you not,” Sherlock growled. “I’m obviously not leaving you.”
Would John ever want to look at him again after this? Would he ever want to speak to him again? It wasn’t his fault, he knew, but that didn’t change the situation. Sherlock thought back to Victor. How he had felt after he had seen those pictures. Betrayed, wounded, weak, vulnerable, hurt, angry. He didn’t want to do something like that to John. He didn’t want to cause John to feel anything like that. But…
"I will be happy to go over his chart with you in detail at a later time, but at the moment we have a pressing matter to which we must attend," Dr. Azarian flipped a few pages in John's chart, glancing down.
, Sherlock thought. John wasn’t exactly good at sharing his emotions. Maybe this would be harder than he thought.
Sherlock waited. And waited. And waited. He was just about to burst into the room when the doctor finally emerged, a gaggle of nurses behind him.
in love
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asks loudly.
“But how…?” he began.
“One of us has to be well enough to get us out of here,” John said simply.
At least Sherlock had finally spoken, John thought. In the past few days, Sherlock had said no more than twenty words to John. He knew this because he had started a mental tally after he noticed Sherlock being distant.
John and Sherlock had returned to the castle after Sherlock had announced his discovery. John had expected them to go straight to the docks, but when they arrived home instead, he had assumed Sherlock simply needed to gather supplies before they left for the actual crime scene. He had been surprised, therefore, when Sherlock had simply walked straight to his chair and sat, hands folded in front of his chin.
"Stop this!" he gripped, glaring at the castle. "I want in. Let me in."
"John," he said, and John tried not to bristle at the tone--as though Sherlock were speaking to a confused child or someone with a head injury, "you haven't had the chance to weigh the pros and cons yet. There is no need to rush so quickly to a decision."
"I thought I told you to get some air," Dr. Azarian began rubbing his temples the moment he saw Sherlock, who was waiting for him outside John's door.
“Sherlock,” John continued, “I still trust you. I know you’ll get us out of this. Trust yourself too.”
When John got back down to the street, he found Sherlock waiting in the carriage. He got in and asked where they were going now.
“Oh?” Molly questioned.
John stared at his back, shock—both physical and mental—taking over now.
Sherlock scrambled off of John, who was now lying limp beneath him. His lips were blue again, his skin cold and clammy, his breathing was rapid and shallow.
As he paced, Sherlock let his mind wander through the last twenty four hours once again, though he seemed to have done little else since he had arrive at the hospital and extricate himself from the nurses who had insisted on inspecting his own minor injuries.
Sherlock feels physically ill.
He knew he would just be in the way. John had been uncomfortable with the entire process and Sherlock knew he would rather be alone for this. Particularly when Sherlock couldn't seem to stop himself from making snide remarks that angered the audiologist and her assistant. She annoyed him. Particularly when she refused to listen to John and insisted on treating him as though he were some petulant child.
There was an awkward silence in the room and John wished Sherlock would stop looking so guilty. It made his skin crawl. The expression looked foreign on Sherlock's face.
On the bed, John lay still as a statue, blood still seeping through the wound in his pelvis. He was still chained to the bed, but the key to the chains was clearly visible on the floor next to the bed.
He moves to the bed and begins chaining John’s limbs. John flinches at his touch but remains silent.
He had come out for a walk at the
"Mrs. Hudson?" he prompted.
He noticed two things at once.
Sherlock smiled. He quite liked this man.
Richard smiled and handed him the book. "I'll take care of checking it out. No worries. Please do come back soon."
They both tugged the man together up the stairs as the ship lurched more and more violently. When they reached the deck, they could see that the ship had already begun taking on water. One end was clearly lower than the other and the gangway had almost fallen from the land.
“Well,” she said finally, “I guess I would want my boyfriend to take me out on a proper date. You know, dinner and theatre. Something like that.”
John reached out, trying to stop him, but Sherlock kept moving forward. There was nothing he could do. He was going to lose everything.
He hailed a taxi and carefully slid John into the back.
Sherlock held his breath as John entered the next room. John stopped just inside the door and the camera feed cut out just long enough to change to a view of the new room.
"Ah, yes, of course," Molly stammered, moving out of Sherlock's way as he grabbed his coat and scarf.
Moriarty raised an eyebrow.
“Tell us about it dear,” the voice sang.
“I am
"Right," John had expected as much.
"You can slime all you want in there," he grumbled. "Clean yourself up when you're done being a drama queen."
Suddenly, Sebastian pulls a gun from his pocket and points it at John. Sherlock flinches.
grins
John let out a raspy scream and, somehow, paled further. The voice laughed, infuriating Sherlock even more.
“It’s…” he mumbled. “He’s going after my treasure. Something I hold very dear.”
"The... the herb shop," John said, glancing over his shoulder and spotting a long, strangely dense shadow moving quickly along the alley.
Finally, when the fire had died down and darkness was upon them, Colonel Hayter excused himself.
The figure approached and John gripped his cane tighter, ready to fight if he needed. But when the figure came into full view, he relaxed his grip and tried to smile -- rather unsuccessfully.
"What's wrong?" he asked.
Thus, when he found himself running low on several of his most popular herbs one day in Spring, he determined to go to the shop on May Day, a day when closing the clinic would hardly hurt business and when he could see the town's festivities. He hoped being surrounded by happy people in a celebratory mood might restore some of his energy.
"Interesting fact about mermaids," Sherlock said. "They are quite vain and a bit magical, so they project a beautiful appearance. But mirrors reveal their true form."
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was soft, breathy, but firm. “Do it.”
"Why can't she come in?" John asked, moving back to the door.
The war! It had come to Market Chipping! He needed to get the citizens out of danger. He needed to save the soldiers! He needed to...
Molly was looking at him in a way he was having difficulty interpreting. Pity? Why?
“Open the one closest to you,” he said finally.
“Out,” Dr. Khatri said sternly.
"Oh," Sherlock said, his face lightening. "Interesting. We'll take the case."
John was staring at Sherlock now. Sherlock was trying very hard to contain himself. This was John’s holiday. It was meant to be a time away from his life, not a excuse for a case. Sherlock was, truthfully, dying for a case. He hadn’t solved anything in over a month now and he was itching for adventure. But John…
John followed and gasped slightly as he spotted the room. It was covered with blood -- large dark stains covering the floor and buckets filled with coagulated blood lining the walls. John felt ill.
“Oh, I think you’ll like this one,” the voice continued. “Helpful, really.”
“4, 5.”
The large timer over the door kicked into life, beginning a countdown from two hours. John stared at the clock, and then at the room, for what seemed like a long minute. Then, he pushed himself up from the chair. Immediately Sherlock noticed something important that he had somehow missed entirely. John didn’t have his cane.
"There's been a kidnapping," Lestrade said quickly. "It's the king's nephew, Jonathan."
“Okay,” he said, “incision on the wound. Dig down to the bone. Then pull out the bullet.”
“Yes,” John put pressure on his
John had to gather his thoughts before he figured out Sherlock was talking about the case.
Sherlock jolted awake, his body already tense and coiled with energy. He bolted from his tent to find John standing outside of his own, his gun pointing into the trees and his back straight as a rod.
"What just happened?" John asked, moving back to stand next to Sherlock.
"Dr. Ramar and Dr. Pakash are very good at what they do," he said and Sherlock's heart sank. "I have never seen them make a bad call."
“Yes,” Mycroft said carefully, “I rather think you are right.”
Moriarty smiled at Sherlock.
The rumours were there, of course. Two bachelors living together and spending all their time together. Of course there were rumours. But to think there was any merit to them… Sherlock didn’t have those sorts of feelings for anybody. Did he?
John’s head has fallen to the table, and he is panting and shaking. Somehow, he managed not to pass out during the entire procedure, a fact that highly impresses Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced at John, who was focused on the doctor, his expression set and determined.
John glared up at the camera but moved wordlessly to the table and sat in the chair provided.
Sherlock moved ever so slightly toward John.
Moriarty.
“Oh god,” John whispered, trying to open his eyes and failing.
“Sherlock,” John choked out, pulling himself out of his memories by brute force.
“They’ll likely both cause me pain for the rest of my life,” he said finally.
He groaned.
John complied. Their chests pressed together, their faces even closer now. They looked as though they were dancing a slow dance in primary school, faces close, bodies pressed together. John’s heart sped up and he could feel himself starting to sweat.
"Waiting and researching," Sherlock responded.
“Who?” Sherlock asked.
Too slow. Sherlock watched anxiously as John moved forward. He also watches the clock. He calculates. At the rate John is going, he will not reach the door in time. He needs to hurry, but the more he hurries, the more he’s cut.
“Alright,” Sherlock said. “How do I win?”
Even though his pain, John could feel Sherlock’s fit, though thin form against his own torso. The sun hadn’t come up yet and it was freezing, but Sherlock’s bare chest was warm. He could feel his heart beating, steady and strong. It was comforting. It was nice. It was… intimate.
“John!” Sherlock was panicking. Sherlock didn’t panic. He just didn’t.
“Just get somebody here now,” Sherlock yelled.
While Sherlock prepared to leave for... whatever it was he was going to do, John wandered upstairs to the second bedroom Mrs. Hudson had mentioned. It was a much nicer room than he was used to having and, much to his delight, it was actually clean and furnished. He hadn't brought much with him, but what little he had, he sorted into the room, feeling strangely at home already. Then he wandered to the window, looking out to find Porthaven's quaint seaside houses and shops. He stared at it for a long time, marveling at how different his life had become in such a short time--at how different it had become from what he had expected and resigned himself to.
He was right, of course. But Sherlock felt his blood boil. If it were the last thing he did, he would make this man pay for what he’d done to John.
“Good!” Moriarty croons. “Very good. Perhaps loving your little pet could make this interesting.”
“I don’t think he gets it John,” the voice said.
He has also started the blog again, writing his romanticized little stories about their cases. It seems to bring him joy, though without the use of his left arm, he is even slower at typing. Sherlock notices, however, that he has not written a blog about what happened at Grimes Graves.
Sherlock sighed, but he also stood and prepared to help John to his feet… foot.
“What…?” John began.
"Only Sherlock knows that, I'm afraid," the fire demon responded.
John felt like he was floating somewhere above his body. Everything felt thick and foggy. He couldn’t remember where he was or why. He felt somewhere in the back of his mind a niggling worry. Something he should remember. Something important. But it felt so pleasant, floating like he was. He wanted to stay there.
“It’s John,” Sherlock said flatly. “I need your help.”
The suspect rushed out of the alley and around a corner, but John was right on his heels. He rounded the corner only seconds after, spotting the suspect as he darted into a set of abandoned flats. With a burst of extra speed, John pushed after him, determined not to let the murderer get away.
The inside of the building was as nondescript as the outside. To John, it looked like nothing more than an almost empty room, with nothing more than a few scraps of carpet and some boxes. Sherlock, however, appeared to see something different.
"John! John Watson!" a voice he vaguely recognized broke his concentration and his head snapped up.
Why? Why was he panicking more now? What had changed?
Lestrade nodded and, shooting John one last glance, moved back out the door.
"Oh yes, deary," she said. "Though it is not easy. One must be in the right place at the right time and very quick."
John’s chest began rising and falling. Not as much as he would prefer, but enough to keep him alive.
Then he sees it.
“He’s out of surgery, by the way,” Mycroft added. “His doctors would like to talk to you. Bad area to take a gunshot wound, I would think. Could be complications. Best get back there, I think.”
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice tight, “you don’t have much of a choice. It’ll have to come out anyway. I can help you.”
Sherlock seemed to relax a bit, apparently convinced that he wasn't about to induce another panic attack. He moved to the side of the bed and turned so that John could more clearly see his mouth.
“No!” Sherlock barked. “He didn’t select truth. He doesn’t have to say a damn thing.”
Sherlock dropped his head again.
Now facing the back of the monstrous castle, John could see a small door, extending out from the building close to the ground. It was the only door he had any chance of reaching, so he moved toward it as quickly as he could. Reaching it, he found it locked, which did not surprise him in the least.
He called up the image he had briefly seen of John through a large hole in what had once been the floor of the flats. He was mostly burried under a pile of what looked to be heavy rubble, but what Sherlock could see of him was covered in dust, burns, and...
Sherlock burst into the hospital and immediately accosted a nurse, demanding to speak to John’s doctor. She tried to get him to calm down, but that only made him more impatient. Lestrade put a hand on his arm and stepped forward. He flashed his badge and asked politely but urgently to speak to the doctor.
"Then there's your brother," Sherlock continued.
“Wait,” he said, “where’s he gone then?”
Sherlock looked at him finally. John was staring at Sherlock intently.
“Inspector,” Alec exclaimed when they reached the door. “This is a surprise.”
“Then there’s shoulder and leg,” John continued. “Even if you were able to get me somewhere in time to avoid death from shock, they are both likely infected by now. That will likely turn septic soon, if it hasn’t already.”
"Highly unlikely," Amelia said. "But I know this wasn't a vampire because we can sense our own kind. I sense nothing here."
But John couldn't calm down. His heart was racing. He felt like he was on the battle field, surrounded by danger and unable to predict its approach.
"Family of John Watson?" the man standing in the door to the waiting room, whose name tag read Dr. Azarian, stared down at a folder, his brow knitted and his tone just shy of impatient.
“In fact,” Moriarty ignored their expressions, “I hear you owe him something of a thank you. He did get you two to have some very interesting conversations in those tunnels. It’s only too bad you wouldn’t consummate your feelings. Poor John. Is it hard? Although I guess that the wrong choice of words, isn’t it?”
“I want you to tell Dr. Watson how you really feel,” it said.
Sherlock could practically hear Lestrade’s brow crease.
"Where's Sherlock," John asked Mrs. Hudson, pulling a log from beside the fireplace and handing it to her.
Pale. Drawn. Still in pain. But alive.
"Well," Lestrade said, pulling out chains and grinning at Jacol, "we've got plenty of time to figure that out now, don't we."
"What took you so long?" Harry asked as she pulled up a chair to the fireside. "And what happened?" She pointed to the cane.
He pushed himself up slightly, staring down at John’s face.
“Then how do you propose you get up them?” Sherlock asked. “Because your current method will not work.”
“How much longer?” Sherlock yelled.
Harry smiled and John's stomach dropped as he say the way she looked at the witch.
John cleared his throat, looking at the ground, his cheeks flushed just enough to return some of the color he had lost. He closed his eyes, clearly in more psychological pain than he had been in physical pain this whole night.
“I’m going to move us now,” he told John. “Are you ready?”
And he began climbing.
“Shhh, John,” Sherlock soothed. “It’s okay. Just sleep now.”
He sank back further in the chair, still relishing the warmth of the fire, though it being alive was a bit disorienting. He felt himself drifting and didn't resist. He would have a lot of work to do, very soon.
"...John," Sherlock's voice was low but insistent, as though he were torn between not wanting to disturb John and wanting his attention.
Sherlock was looking directly at him, holding his gaze with such an intense expression that John was finding it difficult to look at him, but impossible to look away.
“Shut up,” Sherlock shot back, not loosening his grip.
The doctor eyed Sherlock suspiciously.
And then he felt something that shocked him so much his focus shifted entirely: a hand had been wrapped around his own. A familiar hand. Sherlock's hand.
"Oh, you're talking now, are you?" John grumbled. "Time for what, exactly?"
He took a deep breath and…
"You had a panic attack," he began. "The nurse..."
His panic suddenly increased tenfold. His heart felt like it would beat out of his chest and he was breathing so rapidly he was sure he would pass out if he didn’t start breathing normally again, he would pass out too.
“Maybe simple to you, Mr. Holmes,” he chuckled, “but an idiot like myself must require some explanation, I’m afraid.”
John tried simply saying the spell aloud. Nothing happened, except that Mrs. Hudson told him it was lovely and asked him where he had gotten it.
“Please,” Sherlock said sincerely. “It’s important.”
"Why?" John asked, staring at the body.
“Alright Johnny,” Moriarty said, “time for the next room. It’s your turn again.”
John closed his eyes, trying to take a deep breath and failing.
As soon as he had been satisfied that John was in no immediate danger and Dr. Azarian was examining him, Sherlock had found the nurse.
“Well,” he said, “Dr. Watson is in sepsis. He has very severe infections in his lung, leg, and shoulder that have traveled to his blood system.”
"Oh no, deary," Mrs. Hudson laughed. "I don't want money. No. I want you to help break my contract with Sherlock."
Sherlock had hardly entered the area of the hospital in which John was being treated when he ran, quite literally, into Dr. Azarian, who had John's chart in his hands and was looking very nearly frantic.
John was looking apprehensive. Sherlock couldn’t blame him. After the disaster at the theatre, he wasn’t sure he trusted himself either. But, after a bit of persuading, John had agreed to come along on the holiday anyway. Apparently, he still trusted Sherlock some.
John frowned, confused. His mind was sluggish and petulant and he didn't understand. Sherlock still refused to meed his gaze. He was staring instead at the place where John's leg would have been, if it hadn't been...
. He was
“I’ll need details,” he said to Mycroft. “Everything you’ve got.”
John was still staring down at his lap when Sherlock left. He was startled by the sound of the door closing and jumped. The movement hurt every inch of his aching body. He was glad. He deserved the pain.
"Come on, John," Sherlock said impatiently.
“Very good!” Moriarty crooned. “Now, let’s hope Sherlock can be as… determined.”
Sherlock was indeed surprised. It would be difficult and would hurt, but John could likely do that without further injuring himself. He turned to help John up.
Sherlock smiled warmly at them both.
"Such energy, that one," Mrs. Hudson said. "You're more the sitting down type though. I can tell. Best to rest your leg anyway."
Sherlock looked back up at the hospital. He felt sick to his stomach. He needed to tell Dr. Azarian, but the thought made him feel cold.
“Well, one of you is awake,” he corrected, continuing to examine John, and making Sherlock’s skin crawl.
“Okay?” he asked John.
Slowly, John pushes himself back up to standing. Sherlock can see shards of glass embedded in his knees and hands. It takes him an eternity, but John finally reaches the other end of the room. He is now stumbling and dragging his feet through the glass and Sherlock knows he doesn’t have long.
The voice laughed.
"Oh," John turned to look at her. "Right."
“Thank you!” he says into his mic. “I’m coming for you John. Stay with me. I’ll be there soon.”
Sherlock put the phone to his ear, impatiently waiting for the ringing to stop.
Sherlock was back down the ladder in an instant. He didn’t have to consider his choices. There was no choice. He had to make it back to John.
Panic.
And with that, Sherlock swept out of the room. Behind him, he heard Molly’s small voice.
“John!”
Sherlock watched as John stopped, looked at the timer, looked at the remaining distance to the door, and looked at himself. There is still so much wire between him and the door.
"John," Sherlock, who had clearly been paying no attention to Molly, interrupted, "let's go."
The next morning John found himself curled up on the floor, aching all over and stiff. The light streaming through the front window hit his head like a hammer and closing his eyes again did little to help the pounding.
“No,” the voice said slowly, “that’s what you would say at a speech about John. I want to hear how you
Grinning slightly, he grasped the stick with his good arm and began to pull. He was not surprised when the stick held tight in the bush. He was, of course, only allotted so much good fortune, after all. Still, he was determined and still angry, so he shifted his weight and pushed down with all his strength.
"I'll make it my choice," John growled.
"A few," John said, raising an eyebrow at him.
Sherlock pressed the scarf into the gunshot wound on John’s Shoulder. John moaned but didn’t protest. Maneuvering the cloth expertly so that it remained bunched over the wound, but could also be wound around John’s shoulder, Sherlock carefully but forcefully tied the scarf into place.
"The lab," Sherlock said as they set off.
And...and the door was familiar. And the flats... the flats weren't rundown or abandoned anymore. And the street... the street was familiar too.
"Got to go," he said quickly before leaping over the rail and off the balcony.
“Not yet,” Mycroft said. “Give it time.”
He was trying to find enough solitude and peace to
"What's that?" he asked.
Sherlock stared through the darkness toward the voice. Really? Could it really be this simple? John wouldn’t be hurt. A little uncomfortable, but Sherlock would simply kiss his cheek quickly and get it over with. No big deal.
“But…” Sherlock’s eyebrows pinched. “But you’re not gay.”
"Over here," he whispered to John, who was still standing in the doorway, watching out for any stray vampires that may wander in.
"John please," Sherlock said with a look of such naked desperation that John nodded, once, almost against his will.
“I see,” Alec said. “What brings you here today?”
John began to see the pieces falling together now.
Sherlock's eyes were closed and his jaw was clenched.
He ignored it.
Sherlock smiled despite himself.
“Time’s up,” the voice declared. “Move to the side if you don’t want to get all bloody.”
Sherlock calculated. Two more truths. But after the last one… Well, Sherlock was almost more afraid of the truths than the dares. And he still wanted John to have those. This was the seventh round, so if he chose dare, John could take the last two rounds as truth. That would leave only one more dare.
"Can you tell the gauge?" Sherlock asked.
Sighing, he attached the chain to his trousers and slipped the watch into his pocket with the letter. Turning abruptly from the desk, he went straight to bed.
Another shot rang out. John tried to move so that he had a better vantage point, but he couldn’t maneuver himself from this angle.
"But who made the deal with it?" John asked, trying to push himself up and failing.
John nodded.
"I don't murder anybody," Amelia said crossly. "I feed on animals and blood from clinics -- never people."
Blood.
“Yeah, a bit,” Moriarty said happily. “This was Sebastian’s little idea to be honest, but I like it. And just think, this most certainly will not kill John.”
He saw a figure in front of him, backing away as another entered the room and began approaching him slowly. The second figure's hands, clearly visible, were held aloft in a nonthreatening gesture.
As his patients came and went, almost all with simple maladies that required no thought on his part, he enjoyed the benefit of his simple life -- the stories. Each patient, most of whom had been his father's patients before him, told him stories of life outside of the clinic. Often, these were simple stories of everyday life -- a son going off to school, a daughter finding her fortune, an aunt becoming a witch -- but lately the stories had become more interesting.
“Come on John!” Sherlock groaned. “Please. Please! John!”
Sherlock stared at Moriarty, highly suspicious. He knew, of course, that whatever happened next would not be painless, but the way Moriarty was talking…
The carriage moved along for quite some time, during which John gradually became accustomed to the strange machine and relaxed enough to look outside the window.
"Y... you're..." he stammered.
“Further,” Sherlock continued, “This was a shot in the dark, but a good one. The handwritings belong to men who are blood-relatives. It may be most obvious to you in the Greek e's, but to me there are many small points which indicate the same thing. I have no doubt at all that a family mannerism can be traced in these two specimens of writing. I am only, of course, giving you the leading results now of my examination of the paper. There were twenty-three other deductions which would be of more interest to experts than to you. They all tended to deepen the impression upon my mind that the Cunningham’s, father and son, had written this letter.”
"I'm not surprised," he said. "I'm sure you know, however, that you need to breathe deeply to avoid pneumonia, which could be disastrous in your current state. As painful as it is to do so, breathing as deeply as you can will help prevent complications."
“Any time now,” the voice crooned.
A noise on the deck above them caught both of their attention and the fell silent.
Sherlock sat perched in an ugly, uncomfortable, infuriating plastic chair, his long legs tucked impossibly within its small confines and his elbows resting on his bent knees. He looked ready to pounce--a wire liable to spring at any moment.
“So, you came to me?” she asked finally.
A nurse entered the room, holding paperwork on a clip board in one hand and a pen in another.
John never returned to his own bed, even when his leg had healed enough for him to use the stairs again. He and Sherlock never discussed it. John simply remained in Sherlock’s bed, by Sherlock’s side. Neither of them wants to change this arrangement.
"Why does the window show something different than the door?" John asked.
John pulled the wire and the net fell, covering the woman, who immediately began struggling and growling. Sherlock dropped the mirror carefully and moved over to the net, mumbling something under his breath. John followed, uncertain exactly what had just happened.
Sherlock didn’t look up.
"You were in an explosion," Sherlock murmured.
John's gaze had drifted away until he was staring again at the blank wall in front of him, willing his mind to be as blank. Instead, it felt like a whirlwind of overwhelming and confusing emotion and thought, all of which were too raw and new to put into any kind of coherent order.
"We are going to draw out the ghosts that haunt the building and ask them if they saw anything," Sherlock answered, pulling the door open.
“Alright,” John said, pretty certain he couldn’t have done it himself if his life had depended on it.
The case was solved. The murderer was caught. And John...
The doctor raised an eyebrow.
It took some time, but finally Sherlock guided John out onto the street. The air seemed to help bring John back to his senses, but he was still weak and trembling.
As spring arrived, John found himself busier and busier. He had, out of boredom and trouble sleeping, worked on creating new remedies. To his surprise, these had become quite popular. John spent all day seeing patients and most of the night creating his remedies. He should have been pleased with his success, but he more often found himself struggling to pull himself out of bed. Although his war injury had long healed, he felt it must still be draining his strength.
John was hunched up in the far corner of his bed, prevented from falling only by the guard rail, which had been slightly raised near the head of the bed. The sheets were a tangled mess, his injured arm was cradled protectively near his body, and his injured leg was splayed out at an odd angle in front of him. His face was deathly pale and he was not breathing.
Sherlock and John exchanged a look, both confused.
“Well,” Sherlock leaned back as well, settling into the comfortable role of explaining the details of a case, “as you heard, we are looking for the stolen items and investigating three murders.”
But Dr. Azarian simply turned and walked back out of the door though which he had entered.
"Lestrade's here," John said loudly. "He wants to talk to you."
He glance over at John, who had leaned his head against the wall.
"That's what I though," Sherlock said softly, moving the man's hair. "There are more, hidden in the hair. Several dozen of them."
Moriarty laughed. Sherlock growled.
The process took an excruciatingly long time, but John was determined. He worked steadily and without rest. It hurt Sherlock to watch. He wanted to help more than he had ever wanted anything (well, except wanting to torture and kill this Scarecrow lunatic). But John didn’t need his help. After what seemed like an eternity, John was standing on his good leg, his back pressed firmly against the wall, his good arm anchoring himself to it.
John raised an eyebrow at here. "The bodies the detectives have found would beg to differ."
"I... Yes," John replied finally.
“Yes, but you’re not normal, are you?” John retorted.
“There is nobody else who could have done it. Could have hidden Sebastian like that. And who better to recruit to get to me than one of John’s old enemies. Moriarty knows my soft spot, especially after the pool.”
“Hmph,” Mrs. Hudson said, opening the door behind her. “Well, you just get up there and start resting.”
John’s eyes opened. They looked glassy and blurry, but eventually they settled on Sherlock. His head moved.
“And it isn’t like he beat you,” Moriarty continued. “He was quite gentle, really. Only a weak man would still be upset about something like that.”
“Elementary, my dear,” Sherlock said, smiling.
Sherlock put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed gently. He swallowed painfully and tried to take a deep breath, but found that he still couldn't manage breathing.
"Yes," Sherlock murmured. "That ghost is certainly capable of killing, but not in the way that the victims were killed. And anyway, the body had been moved there, not killed there."
"John, you're in the hospital. You've had a nightmare. Look at me."
Sherlock had seen John's leg before he had been pulled out of the hole. At least, he had thought he had seen it. But what he saw in the x-ray made his stomach drop all over again.
“Sherlock,” he said softly, “I’m sure you’ve already deduced this yourself, but it is a bit not good.”
"But... Why would you think I could do that?"
"You..." he began, "You're a vampire, then?"
“Mr. Acton had told me that there was some sort of lawsuit,” the Colonel said speculatively. “He mentioned a paper of some importance, but it was with his solicitor.”
Sherlock was certain the Colonel was talking about John’s heroic rescue. His own role in the affair had been quite simple. But John clearly thought otherwise.
“Had a bit of a bad day,” John said, giving him a tight smile.
Moriarty laughed and Sherlock took a menacing step forward, but John put a restraining hand on his arm and shook his head.
John raised an eyebrow, "I see that."
"Sherlock," Lestrade said as soon as Sherlock entered the room.
"Our killer murders her victims almost exactly every three days," Sherlock said. "If I am correct -- and I always am -- we will find the murderer at the ship tonight with her next victim."
"Er, okay," John said, glancing at the wire.
"Run!" he said, pushing himself up and grabbing John's arm, dragging him to his feet.
"Because I wasn't alone," she said softly.
He gently placed his fingers on John’s wrist, where he felt a soft thudding. A pulse—a bit slow, but there.
In the distance, John saw a figure, rather rounded and short, beckoning to him. He recognized the voice as if it were a distant memory.
Finally, they burst through the trees and into a large clearing, which looked like a honeycomb or a pockmarked face.
“Fine,” the voice said, “but it is Dr. Watson’s turn and if he doesn’t wake up soon, I’m afraid he forfeits the game. And you know what that means.”
“One, two, three,” Sherlock counted slowly.
“Ah,” Moriarty says brightly, “It looks like the game is on again.”
“No,” the voice said shortly.
Sherlock couldn’t argue that point.
The two men stared at one another for a long moment. Sebastian waited, growing impatient at whatever was keeping Sherlock from beginning already.
Sherlock closed the door and turned to John, clearing his throat.
"Unfortunately," he said, a sigh just evident in his voice, "a definitive diagnosis is very difficult, given the nature of Dr. Watson's injury. We will not be able to make a one without surgical intervention, I'm afraid, and, even then, it will include a fair amount of guess work."
John chuckled a bit, clearly thinking back to the last time Sherlock had said this.
When he arrived back into the carriage, he gave the driver instructions and turned to John.
Sherlock looked at the screen. John was bleeding through the sheets of the damned bed. Sebastian still stood next to him, smiling up at the camera, one hand rubbing small circles in John’s bare thigh.
Sebastian’s brow knitted.
Sherlock didn't bother to thank him before hanging up the phone and striding back into the hospital.
“Keep going boys,” the voice sounded… amused? Hungry? Sherlock tried to ignore it.
find your heart cold
Sherlock examines the bed. Nothing special about it, except how unspectacular it is. It appears to be the kind of bed that would be used in an institution of some sort—cheap and simple. For example, it could easily have been utilized by…
"Can you teach me about it?" John asked.
“Sherlock,” Moriarty said, “welcome to your first puzzle.”
And then, after what had seemed like an unending eternity, they had lifted the last of the debris from John's body, and suddenly Sherlock understood what Lestrade's unspoken "but" had meant.
John opened his mouth to answer, but found his throat was both very dry and very painful.
Several times during these long days, Lestrade called at the door, begging Sherlock to help find the lost princess. Sherlock often refused to even acknowledge his presence and, when he did, was rude and short with him. John, however, came to enjoy Lestrade's company and, eventually, began to consider him a friend. The even went for drinks one night when Sherlock was particularly petulant and John needed an escape.
Sherlock’s eyes shot open. He was sitting in an uncomfortably stiff chair, his hands and legs tied at the wrists and ankles to the arms and legs of the chair. They were tied quite well—he couldn’t move them at all.
He helped John to a sitting position.
He watched the light show for a few moments, but could see neither the woman nor Sherlock making any actual progress, so he moved his way behind the woman. Then, when a flash went off, John took his cane and hit her square in the head.
He pushed the thought away. He pulled a chair to the bed and settled in. He knew it would be a while before John would wake, but he was prepared to wait for the long haul.
Molly raised her eyebrows.
"I... I'm not... er..." he tried to clear his throat, but the effort hurt so much that he settled on simply taking another shaky breath. "I'm not good with... er.... with this stuff. "
"John, I simply mean that the risks..."
“Victor,” he mumbled finally.
When Sherlock returned, the castle had moved to the other side of the valley and back again and Mrs. Hudson appeared to be little more than an ember.
Amelia looked intensely relieved and stepped quickly inside.
"Yes," John murmured, opening the folder and looking down, "thank you."
He had know about John’s past. How could he have known that? Sherlock hadn’t even known. He doubted anybody but his commander had known. That reminded him.
"No," Sherlock turned to leave again. "Come back when you have an actual case. I don't work for the king."
“But it seems my time has come now,” he said. “I must leave you boys. It really has been so much fun. And if Johnny here survives, I will definitely see you again. Next time.”
Another moment of silence followed, then more footsteps, this time accompanied by a dragging sound. After a moment they heard soft, rhythmic thuds and John winced as he imagined a body being dragged down the stairs. Then the footsteps grew louder and Sherlock and John both tensed, ready for action.
"Then come in," he said, his tone all annoyance, but his face all relief and joy.
"JOHN!" Sherlock's yell was somehow both angry and sad, and it surprised John so much that he stopped talking and just stared, wide-eyed, at Sherlock. "Shut up! I know I'm not obligated to be here. Don't you see that I want to be here?"
“Alright Johnny,” Moriarty said, “I’m not going to lie, this one’s going to hurt a bit.”
When the carriage stopped, John looked out to see an incredibly large red brick building built in what looked like several layers. He stared, amazed. It looked like a palace.
"Has it hurt at all?" he asked slowly.
Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a sigh.
“Ah,” Mycroft said. “I’ve been reading about our Mr. Moran. Apparently, he has quite the history of… misbehavior. Can I assume John encountered some of this… behavior while they were serving together?”
"Boys," John said warningly as the two glared at one another.
"Hmmm," John said, thinking. "Does he have a girlfriend? Or a boyfriend? Maybe he's visiting them?"
"No," Sherlock sighed. "I saw it. When
And then they were at the door of 221b. And John felt his breath catch in his throat. And Sherlock was still talking, but his voice had faded into the background as John gazed at the home he had thought he lost.
He settled into what he had come to think of as his chair, though it was hard and uncomfortable and certainly not anything he would have chosen for himself under any other circumstances.
"And how would you know that?" Dimmock eyed Sherlock suspiciously.
“The one on the right and the one in the middle,” Sherlock shouts out.
"Body's on the third floor," he said, eyeing John again. "You might want to wait here, mate."
“Sherlock,” John said suddenly, “I… I’m probably going to move. I won’t be able to help it. Maybe you should… you know, straddle my chest. Keep me still while you work.”
"It is wonderful, Mrs. Hudson," he said, making his way to his chair and setting his cane against the fireplace.
When Lestrade arrived at the greenhouse, he found the gardener, Jacol Seera, tied to a tree and with rope that Sherlock had fetched while John held the man at gunpoint. The gun, however, was now securely hidden, being illegal for citizens to own.
"What case?" he asked, his tone carefully neutral.
Moriarty is still on the loose, but Mycroft is keeping a close eye on him and, at least for the moment, he doesn’t seem overly concerned with Sherlock. It worries them all, having him at large, but there isn’t much to be done about it. Moriarty will have to be a long game. But Sherlock kept his promise to Sebastian. After only one week, Sebastian started having outbursts. He was miserable. John was happy enough with this outcome.
Three large men entered the room and moved to John. They blindfolded him, untied him, and began carrying him away.
Until a doctor, looking overworked and worn, strode into the room calling for John's Watson's next-of-kin.
"Dust," Sherlock replied, whipping at a patch of dust on a nearby stack of folders for emphasis. "Dust is elegant. Can't be replaced. There were tracks in the dust, almost lost due to the king's incompetent investigators, but enough was left to show the marks of a body being dragged."
"Well then," Sherlock said, "I suppose we'll have to begin by looking for anyone or anything that could have found out about you."
He tried to reach out to John, but his limbs were already too heavy to move. He sank to the ground, his consciousness slipping quietly away.
“And what if I say no?” Sherlock asked.
"Don't understand what?" she asked quietly.
Sherlock moved so that he was kneeling at John’s head.
"Let me," Sherlock was crouching beside him, looking at the cuts with an expression John couldn't place.
“How bad is my leg,” he asked.
“Dr. Watson and Mr. Holmes are visiting me at the moment,” Colonel Hayter explained.
“Good choice,” Scarecrow said with amusement. “Alright then.”
Into battle then.
"Any good?" Sherlock asked.
Now that he was sitting atop him, Sherlock could feel John getting hard beneath him. He felt his own member hardening as he continued to massage John’s neck with his tongue and feel John’s stomach with his hand. John squirmed deliciously under him. They maintained this arrangement for what seemed like a blissful eternity.
A low laugh sounded from down the tunnel.
Sherlock sighed. Of course. Well, at least they weren’t dealing with a complete idiot.
“What?” John’s voice was more filled with anger than Sherlock had ever heard. “Hasn’t he said enough?”
Dawning settled on Sebastian. His chest tightened. Did Sherlock really intend to just let him rot away in boredom in this little cell? Was he really not going to take revenge? How could he not want to hurt him?
“This is crazy,” Sherlock said, staring down at John.
He took a deep breath.
“That would be because it was written by two persons doing alternate words. When I draw your attention to the strong t's of ‘at’ and ‘to’ and ask you to compare them with the weak ones of ‘quarter’ and ‘twelve,’ you will instantly recognise the fact. A very brief analysis of those four words would enable you to say with the utmost confidence that the ‘learn’ and the ‘maybe’ are written in the stronger hand, and the ‘what’ in the weaker.”
He tried to be gentle, but John had collapsed in his arms and moving him without help was difficult. He moved as slowly as he could, but John groaned and winced with every change in position. He concentrated on getting his upper body settled first, so that he could breathing more easily.
"Yeah," he said instead.
"Sher..." he tried, but found himself coughing painfully before he could finish the word.
"Stand there," Sherlock pointed to one side of the circle he had drawn, just at the top of a jagged symbol.
“But…” Lestrade started.
John stops as soon as he sees the bed. His entire body tenses and he takes an involuntary step backward with a gasp. It is clear something is wrong already. John is terrified.
“That’s Dr. Watson, alright,” the Colonel smiled warmly at John. “Always in the business of saving lives.”
Dr. Azarian sighed, meeting Sherlock's eyes with difficulty.
Which was not difficult because he was suddenly aware of John’s hand moving down his bare back. The movement combined with the kiss sent a shiver through him that he knew John could not have missed. The hand finally reached his trousers, his thumb hooking inside while the rest of his hand laid flat against the area just above his bum.
“Alright?” Sherlock grunted, trying to hold all his weight and maneuver himself up as well.
John smiled tightly at her.
“I said I’ll see him now,” Sherlock said, pushing past him.
"I'm not leaving him here to drown," John insisted.
“I know,” Sherlock said softly, still gazing at his friend.
"I know that you are straight and I do not expect you to return the sentiment," Sherlock continued as soon as he had taken a breath, "but I felt it necessary to..."
The sight, though he had been expecting exactly what he saw, shocked him. He stopped short in the doorway, his heart thudding painfully.
After a long moment, during which John began nodding off, he felt Sherlock's hand on his shoulder. He looked up and saw Sherlock staring at Mrs. Hudson, mumbling something. He thought he felt a cold tingle run through his arm, but he was asleep before he could be certain.
"Standing up to the Witch of the Wastes?" the woman had turned to him and was now smiling in a way that did nothing to put John at ease. "That's certainly brave."
"Slightly elevated potassium levels where the only anomaly," Molly said, frowning. "Everything else was completely normal. No poison."
“About a quarter to twelve,” Alec answered.
“Very good, Sherlock,” Moriarty said happily, still laughing.
They returned to the castle just as night was falling and found the woman Sherlock had spoken with earlier idling near the door. She asked, "spare change?" and Sherlock responded, "Don't mind if I do," at which point she handed him a folded piece of paper.
Sherlock smiled and pulled a file out of his coat, handing it to John, who opened it to find the information about each of the vampire murders.
Grimacing, he looked around the room. The fire was burning contentedly in the grate, its face turned toward the door. John glanced over his shoulder at the room. In the daylight, the piles of papers and boxes and items looked dusty and chaotic, with the exception of a small desk on which sets of strange items sat.
"Okay,” he said, “are you ready?”
“Simple really,” Sherlock said casually. “It was all a diversion. Robbery. They needed Wilson out of the way so they could break into his shop. Clever rouse though. Wasted mind, that Clay.”
Although the black and white image hid the blood and gore, it clearly displayed the damage the torn flesh and exposed muscle hid. In the image, John's leg looked like a piece of modern art, with odd angles and burst of white light in unexpected places and far too few straight lines.
"Alright, well I'll get you out, but you've got to calm down," he told the dog, which was eyeing him warily, teeth still bared. "If you bite me, I'll leave you here."
John closed his eyes.
By the time she made it to John's room, Sherlock was highly annoyed and frustrated. She was pushing a cart, so Sherlock waited behind her as she pushed her way into the room.
“Sherlock,” John starts, “I want to tell you something.”
“With John, yes,” he said softly.
"I mean," Dimmock said, shooting John a glare now, "that it literally is not possible. The body has already been creamated. There is nothing to examine."
The inside of the building was quite as impressive as the outside to John. He was paying little attention to Sherlock as they moved inside, staring around amazed and thinking this must be some sort of royal building. Only a moment later, however, his thoughts were interrupted by a dark-haired man, who approached them with a rather shy smile.
"What?" John shook his head slightly. "No, how would I..."
John smiles.
"And yet," Dr. Azarian's voice surprised Sherlock as he continued, "I asked them to reconsider their recommendations when they examined Dr. Watson's injury before we came to you, Mr. Holmes. Unfortunately, they declined to do so. As they have said, crush injuries like Dr. Watson's come with many potentially serious complications. And we have no guarantee that he would have full use of the leg if we were to save it."
John raised an eyebrow. "Oh."
“John, now!” Sherlock said firmly.
The reaction was immediate. John let out a scream, though he seemed to cut if off through sheer force of will. Sherlock cursed the dull knife as he was forced to apply more pressure and then, unimaginably, start sawing at the flesh. Sherlock could feel John’s body tense up beneath him as he made the incision through the wound. Blood pooled around his hands as he worked, staining them so red that (irrationally) he was afraid the color would never wash off.
Nothing happened. Sherlock let out the breath he had been holding. John reached into the container and pulled out a small first aid kit.
Sherlock was in front of him in less than two seconds.
Neither saw anyone, but he had to be down there somewhere. Waiting.
Dr. Azarian paused, his eyes distant in thought.
He entered the castle and made his way directly to the fire, collapsing into a red armchair nearby and taking several deep breaths. He hadn't realized how exhausted he had become. He spend several long minutes with his eyes closed, relishing the soft chair and the warmth of the fire.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath as John simply stared, eyes wide and mouth slightly ajar.
John nods, dismissively.
“Sherlock, what is this?”
"Er, yeah," John replied.
“Moriarty!” Sherlock shouted, “That’s just torture. You’re just torturing him.”
“I can’t,” he said softly. “It would kill you. I can’t kill you John.”
Sherlock explained what had happened as quickly as possible, including a description of John’s injuries.
Sherlock stood in the door to the cell, examining Sebastian. Sebastian waits with anticipation, looking around for any tools that Sherlock might have brought with him for their little fun time together.
“I still…” the doctor began.
Sherlock's mouth snapped shut and he looked chastised, like a scolded puppy, John shut his eyes and took a shaky, painful breath.
Sherlock concentrated. There was a distant sound he could just barely make out—a street. It had been late when he and John had been drugged. Effects of being drugged were likely to last anywhere from a few minutes to four hours. So, it was likely early morning, but Sherlock could still hear cars.
Sherlock leaned around Moriarty, trying to watch John. He was still breathing, though he was also moaning softly. Thankfully, he seemed not to notice Sebastian’s hand.
"What's going on, Sherlock?" John was becoming concerned. He had never seen Sherlock this agitated.
After a long few minutes, Moriarty moved to the laptop and pressed a button. The laptop screen lit up and Sherlock saw John, sitting, clothed, but barefooted, untied and unblindfolded in a chair at the back of a medium-sized, unknown room. Behind him was the door through which he must have been brought into the room. It was almost certainly locked. On the other side of the room was another door under a large timer. The timer read two hours.
Sherlock moved back to John’s mouth, missing its taste. As he did so, he shifted his weight slightly and allowed his hand to fall lower, onto the top of John’s pants. He slid his hand along the waistband, his thumb hooked inside. John moved his hips slightly, involuntarily. Sherlock smiled into his mouth.
"You look well," he said, a bit stiffly, uncertain how to approach the woman he had only known as a child.
Sherlock carefully stepped off John’s leg, trying to not do any more damage than he had already done. He bent down next to John and raised his head. John’s eyes were rolling back into his head. Sherlock was almost glad he had passed out. At least he hadn’t had to feel the pain the entire time.
Instead, another voice sounds from a dark corner of the room.
Sherlock smiles too, going back to his paper. He had thought it the right time for a call from the Major. John would obviously be happy to hear from the man anytime, but Sherlock calculated that John had now gotten enough distance from the Graves and from his reaction to really benefit from the call. That’s why he made a well-placed inquiry about the Major with his brother and hinted that a call might be in order.
“No, Sherlock,” John said. “It isn’t your fault. I’m the one who’s broken.”
The creature, for John could not bring himself to think of it as anything else, growled menacingly and John instinctively reached for the gun he had hidden in his trousers before he left the clinic.
Sherlock was about halfway down the ladder now. He stopped to peer around again, but couldn’t see anything. He sighed. The hard way then.
, as though he hadn't already tried that.
He blinked up at the corner of the ceiling, resisting the urge to sigh in frustration and anger, which would have been a truly terrible idea indeed. Sherlock would be back with the nurse any minute and he needed to use this time alone to think things through.
Dr. Azarian looked up, startled.
"She's quite young for a heart attack," Sherlock commented.
“Brother dearest,” Mycroft said soothingly. “I want to help.”
“I’ll begin working on something,” Mycroft ignored Sherlock’s outburst. “Formulate a plan and get back to me. We will work together on this, brother. For your own protection and for John’s.”
But it is immediately clear Sherlock has chosen the correct syringes. John’s breathing, which had become laboured, evens out, he stops twitching, and his face looks less green and pale.
“Yeah,” Lestrade prompted, “and he’s targeting you and John. Did something happen? Sebastian Moran and John apparently served in Afghanistan at the same time. Did they know each other?”
Lestrade was standing in front of the door, which sat crooked on it rusty hinges
"I'm not," the fire's voice was slightly muffled under the pan. "I would just like to see you actually eat for once, Sherlock."
