Cause that was a good sign, not even a hello, or by your leave. All signs point to danger Will Robinson! Even so he pressed on because you had to try right? “Hey, I just wanted to hear your voice before I ship out.” He tried to smile as he spoke to maybe convey the warmth there that he had usefully smothered this morning.
All he could think about was being a 5-year-old boy who just wanted to see his dad and being cruelly ignored.
“Loki, babe what are..what are you doing here?” James calls to him and is limping his way closer.
The tide of public opinion was turning violently. There was a quiet voice in the crowd that began chanting for the end of heroes, for the rise of something darker. Like an infection, that voice was growing, taking root in the lonely and disenfranchised.
If I ever did an rp account it would probably be for Sarah. Lol I know that make 0 sense. My 2nd choice would be frigga. Strong women for the win!
Just an hour later found the colonel hot on his friends iron heels.
After this conversation is what led to a formal messenger bringing a letter to the tower. Natasha said no.  After all, she wasn't just going to make this easy. Loki wasn't hard to look at and yes he was trying. They all found out he had been brainwashed during the invasion and while Thor admitted his kid brother was kind of a dick, he wasn't normally a mass murderer.
“Something to share Captain, Sergeant?” Fury crossed his arms and glared at Coulson's team who had delivered the information. As if the young agents were playing some inopportune joke. “If you have something to add then we damn well want to know what it is.”
The first three hours were ok, the contractions were still far apart and his water hadn’t broken yet.
“Yeah I know. I just wish I'd seen it sooner.”
Stop, hold the presses.
Kurt released him with a smile and touched touched the side of his face gently. “There you are. You know you have never changed so quickly before. I worry so for you, I have prayed every night to every saint I could think of.”
To bad Natasha wasn't made aware of that upfront.....
It wasn't as if the task was a hard one, Loki didn't move around a lot during the day. The listless form of the omega did worry Bruce. Pepper had suggested maybe staying on Barnes and Loki's floor and Bruce for the afternoon. This would give James a chance to get out for a bit. Sam had come over and offered to talk to him about what was going on. Sam had experience with veterans dealing with issues ranging from PTSD, Anxiety and Depression to issues readjusting. It was something at least, Sam didn't live at the tower so it was good for James to leave and go somewhere else.
Casting a glance down at the journal Steve knew this was going to be hard, harder than facing down an elevator full of trained killers. Harder than crossing enemy lines, what made this so difficult was that the enemy was himself.  The person he used to be was trapped in these pages like his body was trapped in that ice for almost a century. Cracking open the old cover and touching the pages yellowed with time, Steve saw a reflection of a man he knew. Not just himself but Howard, a man that time had changed long after these words were written. A man that Tony couldn’t even talk about.
“Ya got a better idea?”
“No, Stark’s right. We should all be under the same roof for a while, like it or not we will be stronger for it considering everything that’s happened.” Widow left no room for argument and Steve could feel the waves of alpha pheromones coming off the woman. The whole room was starting to stink of protective alphas.
He could hear the smile in her voice, Widow was one to plan for the worst and then compensate for the best. “What can I say, I’m sentimental.”
Tony almost wanted to correct him and say
James had been astounded to find Natasha in his home, upon his return from the grocery store, the red haired alpha had simply smiled and gestured to box of baked good on the coffee table. The excuse of a goodwill mission bearing sweets didn't really seem her style, then again, James wouldn't put it past Bruce or Pepper to have been the driving for that sort of thing. He tried not to read too much into, they both seemed to be whole. No blood on the floor so that was a bonus, after all Loki was a wild card when it came to his moods.
“You sound like you really love each other.”
“Damn it Phil!”
Despite Loki's chilly personality, there had been at least one person who slipped through.
“For you.” Tony said with a grin. He was far too proud of himself.
Natasha leaned into his shoulder, “This is just the start. He's getting a little better every day.”
Ever since Thor had shown up with the gangly little brat all those years ago. Tony watched this kid grow up...he shouldn't look at him like this.
“No Doctor Banner, See I have processed. “ Tony interrupted standing from his workbench and walking right into his friend’s personal space. He almost wanted Bruce to hulk out. Maybe he could see if Vengeful had the same chops as the Hulkbuster. “I have processed, I have self examined and reevaluated. I have meditated and fuck me even prayed. I did all that transcendental bullshit you love to preach about for about two seconds and then I realized something. None of it will bring Steve back!”
Tony wasn't going to sit, not here...he'd probably burn these clothes when he got home. "I wanna know why, that's all. I get that you what happened to you was shit, and what you did isn't going to win you any popularity contests. But this?" The inventor gestures around to the hovel Loki was in. "I have seen Prison cells nicer than this. If you want to make a difference, we can help you. If you want to make up for the trouble you caused this isn't the way to do it. Trust me. I know what it's like to want to make up for your past."
That night they hadn’t done anything else, Tony had simply taken his hand and the pair of them entered the billionaire’s bedroom. Steve had started to say something about that but Tony just hushed him with a single glance. Guiding him to sit, then kneeling before the omega, and unlacing his shoes. Stark's movements were quiet and careful, warn hands dept at working with delicate machinery - moved swiftly but still treated the simple act with reverence. There was no hurried tugging of the boot or colorful remarks. Tony was just stoic and focused the same way he would be as if in the lab creating.  First boots, socks, and then shirt, each item removed with out the usual flirtation. Steve had not seen this side of the alpha, but he supposed it was always there.  It made his face warm and chest flutter as those work callused hands slid under his t-shirt and tugged it over his head. The fleeting brush of Tony’s knuckles over his skin.
James looked up and dabbed his mouth with a napkin, his raised eye brows telling Loki to go on.
“Their …I never thought I’d have this.” Steve didn’t want to cry, he spent the last nine-months crying more often than he had in his entire life. Still he couldn’t help the tears breaching his eyes, “Thank you, I know this hasn’t been easy and sometimes I’m hard headed but…”
AN: Ok, I wanna address this before I get chewed on by fans, yes I know there is some debate on who created Falcons wings, some people say Black Panther, some credit to Stark Industries.  So just for the sake of this fic, I’m siding with Stark Industries as the manufacture. This is not a slight to Black Panther fans in anyway; it’s just how it works in this ficverse so there ya go.
“Go slow… just….I think I can.”  Steve wasn’t 100% on that. He just wanted it, he felt like it wouldn’t be enough it they didn’t. He’d always heard when he was a kid that when a pair bond its better to do it during knotting. Something about endorphins and hormones at their peek, it was all a bunch of scientific mumbo jumbo back then and Steve wasn’t even sure if it was right anymore.  All he knew is he needed to feel it, needed to feel full and surrounded, needed Tony to chase out all of that doubt that hung over his shoulders like fog.
“Oh sweetie no! You can have all the chips you want! I will buy that company and keep it in business for the next millennia if that’s what you want. I will literally do any fucking thing right now if you will stop crying.”  Tony felt ridiculous kneeling in front of the toilet trying to calm down a soppy super solider with his pants around his ankles.
The woman’s eyes narrowed, mistrustful of the voice. Anyone could use a modifier, this had to be a trap. There was only one way to find out.
Steve grinned, a light blush dusting his cheeks, “Always with the jokes.”
“We'll have them back tomorrow after lunch.”
The first order of business was to get Steve and the baby a thorough medical work up. Bruce was adamant about that point, and Simmons agreed to be the couple’s personal physician since technically speaking- Bruce was not that kind of doctor. Moreover, Steve could not go to just any Obstetrician in New York because if he had it would out him as an omega. That was something Steve just wasn’t ready to face, no mater what anyone told him he just couldn’t tell the nation he defended in their darkest hour that he and the government that claimed to protect them - had lied.
“Keep on climbing though the ground might shake; just keep on reaching though the limb might break. We’ve come this far don’t you be scared now…”
Steve wanted to resist the calming scent; he wasn’t a child who needed coddling. He couldn’t though; it was harder with Tony because maybe he wanted it. Even now, even knowing that he couldn’t have this he wanted it. “Thanks Tony.”
That sick sour tinge lingering just at the edge of their bond made the alpha worry. It was clear that Loki wasn't hiding as much as he was before, whether this was a conscious effort or not remained to be seen. James wished things were different for them but this was life and you had to deal with the uncontrollable variables outside of yourself. Even if all James wanted to do was hold his omega and try to fix whatever it was that Loki was wrestling with.
It had been much the same coming out of the ice. One day he was chatting with the commandos and the next he staring up at 100 foot screens mounted on buildings and cars that could park themselves.
“Just get it over with Ms. Potts, I’m a grown man and with all due respect ma’am I don’t need to be coddled.”
“Stark, we have a problem and I don’t like problems.” Fury said walking into the workshop. “How exactly are we suppose to get Intel when you go off half cocked on some mission I didn’t even approve?”  The lease on his favorite attack dog was growing thin and Fury knew it. He could see it in the inventors eyes, that hallow hungry look of a man who had been in the wind to long.
Tony rocked back on his heels and held out his hand. “Guilty as charged, what can I do for you?”
Barnes stilled, “I think its..alright. Takes a while doesn't it? What with background checks and everything else.”
Steve laughed, “It was Bucky wasn’t it?”
Loki was in labor and it was coming fast. At just over 26 weeks, the baby would be in immediate danger. “Jarvis contact Ems; tell them we have a male omega in preterm labor 26 weeks. Authorize for airlift, call up and let Tony know. Contact Cho tell her to meet us at the hospital.”
“IT LOOKS LIKE IM FUCKING CRAZY!”
Go to Hel and rot : Loki
“You made a mistake, but in all fairness you didn’t have the right information. You reacted out of hurt and anger. I’m not going to blame you for it because I don’t know that I wouldn’t have done the same thing.”
The beta's shoulders dropped a fraction as he moved the kettle off the stove and began to pour the steaming water into a pair of mugs. “ No I don't. He mentioned something about his last visit to the Barnes'. About Loki.”
When they returned to the tower, Steve pulled Natasha aside and asked her to brief Pepper and Bruce. Asking if she could give them the task of sitting down with Peter and explain to him his Father is alive. As much as Steve wanted to see, his little boy he knew that he had to make sure his husband was alright because Peter needed them both at their best.
Tony rolled his eyes “Way to kiss up J”
“Tony…”
Meanwhile, Tony was left reeling as the alarms blared inside the suit accompanied by his AI's voice,
He just felt hollow now.
“I know, I know so cool your jets there Spangles. We do this, it’s me, you and the pups.” Tony took him by the hands with so much determination brewing in the alphas dark eyes that Steve had to suppress a shiver. “I would rather die bloody than anyone takes you or them away from me.”
It took Tony by surprise when Bucky walked up and hugged him, held him close and and whispered in his ear four words he never thought anyone would say and mean so deeply. four simple words that wormed into his brain and lived there. Words that would stay and repeat in those dark hours when everything else in his life would be a question.
Tony frowned at the HUD before opening the com line; usually Steve was the first one back. Always looking everyone over and badgering some to head to medical. Always the mother hen of the group. “Hey Cap, did you get distracted by some baby ducks down by the lake?”
“Then help me. I need to end this Phil, it has to be me.” Steve was practically begging. Something Phil never thought he would see. Then again, he thought he’d never see Stark and Rogers get along let alone wake up to find the pair married. He could see it in the Captains eyes, a man desperate to right a wrong, and a man full of regret. It didn’t suit Steve.
So when Tony headed up to the common room he wasn’t suppressed to see a familiar ginger exiting the Kitchen with a cup of something sweet and steaming. Hot coco, knowing Pepper - she had a habit of assuming anything chocolate was a remedy for everything under the sun.
I'm not even sorry .
Steve always said he’d stand up for what was right, the right thing to have done would have been to bring Bucky in. He didn’t do that, all he saw was his friend. His judgment wasn’t what it used to be. Friend or not Bucky was still a killer, at fault or not he still needed to answer for it. After that, maybe they could undo some of that damage Hydra had done. There was still at fear that what may have to be done if Bucky just couldn’t be helped. Would they lock him away? Would they kill him?
“Papa's here!” The little one yelled spotting him in the driveway.
“Heads up!” Tony shouted firing the RT chest bean at the left torrent. The blast took out the massive gun and rocked the building. The second torrent on the far right of the base wall whirled to life and the main gates opened.  The bases jeeps and mobile artillery moved in.
Loki was about to turn to go when a large hand closed around his bicep. Turning to the shining blue eyes that reminded him far too much of his own brother, he fought the urge to pull away. Steve didn't deserve his anger. Not on a day like today when there was likely no one else who understood so keenly what this felt like.
It was a quiet joy. Just between the two of them until Loki began to show. Then the rest of the team joined in the congratulations. It was wonderful to feel so complete. To have this little part of each of them take root.
The tap of motorcycle boots echo through the dusty old warehouse. She tucks her hands into the pockets of her vest and walks along under the row of industrial lights. The place is quiet, desolate, vacant…or is it.
Bruce sighed wearily and stepped farther into the room. Noticing the minute tilt of the ravens head as Loki attempted to track his movements. " Thor is pretty worried about you." What he didn't say was they all were. After what happened...how they barely escaped with their lives. In part mostly to Tony, Loki, and Dr. Strange. They all managed to make it out of what could have been the end of the world. They all paid a hefty price. Loki, one of the highest.
“Yeah you're right.” James purrs against his neck before pulling away with a chaste kiss. “Let's get goin. Don't wanna keep the lil squirts waiting.”
Now he felt empty and wondered what it would be like to look in that often-empty back seat and see it filled with pillows and car seats, toys and other distractions. Would his little one wail in the night and James, as kind as his alpha is, take the babe out for a late night drive just to lull them to sleep? Would they be like this one day? Driving into the city so that their children could spend the night with their elder cousins?
The most surprising thing was there was no pity in those words. Nor the sound or accusation, because of course he would have such an issue would he? He was a monster. There was just an offer, much as Romanov had made. There was just kindness much like Kurt and the professor.  “Thank you Steven, Thank you.”
2. Tove Lo - Talking Body.
Why didn’t any of that sound good?
All signs pointed to unorganized anarchists. Little bands of angry teenagers and college students with too much time on their hands and too smart for their own good. On the other hand, maybe it was a ploy to test the stability of national security.
“It’s ok sweetheart.” He’d say as he bathed his catatonic omega. “I’m not going anywhere.”
It wasn't that James was ungrateful from his now insured survival. Intellectually he knew that Stark did what he had to so that they both could walk out of here. Even so, Barnes had seen men give up too much to win. Despite the playful animosity he often showed Tony, he didn't want to see anything happen to the man. In the grand scheme Stark was still family, James had grown to respect the eccentric inventor and even enjoy the other alpha's company. More than that he knew Tony was more than his inventions, more than his money or his fame. Tony was a good a man.
He made a mistake by not digging deeper when it came to Shield, he sat back running the logistics of saving the world and never once questioned if the powers that be really wanted it saved. They say hind sight is 20/20, in the Triskelion wreckage he learned that lesson. The world council said they wanted better for the world but if their definition of the world was one united under hydra - he wanted no part of it. Fury didn’t just let in the wolf at the door – he fed it, he housed it and let it grow. This was a sin he needed to correct by any means necessary.
The thought calmed her; she enjoyed the awestruck look on a pitiful human’s face. The way they looked at her and knew where they stood on the food chain. It was intoxicating to have such power.
In the stillness that followed, James returned to his omegas side, looking into those clear green eyes and trying his best to heal the hurt still lingering there. “It's something doll, it's more than we had before. I want you to know I'm with you in this. It's me and you all the way no matter what we decide to do. I'm gonna see this through with you.”
The door clicked closed behind the two doctors, left the little family in silence, the only song the soft breaths and snuffling of newborns.
Flying out of the elevator Tony’s heart sank even further. He should have listened to Bruce. “Spangles…hey its ok… Hey look at me!” Stark called out nervously as he wiggled between the wall and the side of the curved divider. It had been a pain in the ass to get in the room, Steve slept like a log though.
The beat dropped and it wasn’t nearly as boring as the solider expected, also sparing with Loki was a bit like sparing with Natasha. The guy was flexible, really…flexable and the suggestive lyrics did not go unnoticed.
Warnings: substance abuse, low self-esteem, negative self-image, mutilation , bullying, depression, triggers
In the following days Loki wasn’t giving much away but he did seem to take comfort when offered and even seek it out so James was hopeful that the omega would come around on his own time. Loki had even gone back to work and Barnes was back in training rotation at Shield. Life was headed back into the realm of restfulness, but of course, it couldn’t stay that way. When you're the worlds first line of defense against all that extra-ordinary shit that seemed to crop up out of nowhere, you didn't get to pick your days off.
“That will teach you to give targets inappropriate names,” the omega said with an odd cheerful face.
“Strawberry ice-cream? Oh and maybe those seasoned French fries the curly ones.”
“Hey champ, looking fighting fit again. Very fit actually…god bless America.” Tony drawled making his way in with a plate of cut fruit.
“Loki.” She called out to him and slowly her hand reached out in his line of sight.  Watching wearily as she placed the intruding appendage on his own cold shaking hands.  Her skin felt warm and soft, but he could still felt the strength there just under the smooth rose petal surface. Like his mothers hands.
Steve did not have time for this.
Barnes held his omega and tried his best to sooth Loki. Telling him how strong the ravenette was and how their baby had to be strong.”
It wasn’t so easy to stop. When Steve told Tony he would miss him…he meant it. The solider didn’t make it a week before he called the billionaire asking to see him. They met for drink…then went back to a hotel and Steve broke the bed. Tony had never felt so deliciously sore all over, and in the morning did his best to return the favor.
He couldn’t see Peter anymore, not now, there was too much blood on his hands and Peter was too innocent.
He would have remained a wonderer from another time had he not been spotted by a pair of synthetically created opticals and brought to the attention of a certain mad titan.
“Look Peter pan, it’s your fav -blue berry pancakes.” Steve said setting the child down next to Tony who was already sipping his beloved coffee.
"I'm sorry Captain, I wish you did not have to find out this way." The agent said,  as they boarded the quinjet.
Natasha looked over the skeletal remains for any flaw or sideshow trick of bone fusing and found none. She wanted to find something, to prove this was just a hoax because if this was real..what else was out there? “It looks like the real deal.” She said looking up at the group. Her face appeared passive but a subtle twitch of her lips betrayed her nerves and she felt James place his hand in the small of her back.
“Wow..so proactive of you Nicky However, gonna have to stop ya right there. See cause -  this is my house not yours. That means I make the rules. So you don't come in here and swish your fancy  coat around and demand anything. Got me?” Tony felt the hairs on the back of his neck prickle in aggravation. His left hand twitching slightly.
How many times had his father told his mother that he loved her? How many times had he seen them smiling and laughing, before the screaming? Bad men could be bad easily enough, but there were plenty of good men who made the same mistakes. Tony often talked about his Fathers drinking days. In quiet moments, Steve had confided that the few memories he had of his own father had not been the best. It wasn't an unfamiliar story, and maybe that was the worst part about this. How common place such violence often was.
The world would be shown the tall muscular smiling young man that Steve Rogers had become thanks to the serum. All gleaming teeth and golden hair.  They would all marvel at the star spangled avenger as he aided the boys ‘Over There’ and brought a stop to a tyranny most foul.
“Well, is a mater of context. How well are you Nick? Are you sleeping well hiding in this place like a fugitive? So much for savior of Shield.” She knew what buttons to press and how far to push.
“Don’t joke about that Steve, with my tech that could be true.”
“Yes Agent Johnson what is it.”
"No, Loki no! Calm down, breathe."
The alpha knelt by the bed holding his omegas hand, “I’m right here baby doll, Bruce is on his way and he’ll check on you and our girl. I’ll be right here.”
Steve got up slowly, careful to smooth any wrinkles out his dress. Something about putting in on made him move carefully. Made him sit quietly, made him…want more. It was like flipping a switch in his head that brought him back to that little bed in Brooklyn. Back to that moment when Bucky could lift him up easily and surround him in every way. The dress made him feel small again, protected and loved.
Barton lifted his hands, “Cap its totally cool, I’m not some ass that gets down on two Alphas knockin boots. I mean I’d suggest extra a real good  lube though cause you’re a huge guy.. Wouldn’t want to break Mr. Money bags over there.”
This earning the alpha a smack on the top of the head and a reproachful glare. “Watch it shell head, their sore.”
“Hey, Steve, sweetie…how about we get comfortable ok?” he said fingers tugging at the soldier’s clothes.
(Dinner with his parents had been like this more often than not. His mother always insisted that they all have at least one meal together a week. As a child, sitting silently as he finished his plate hadn't been much of a problem. HE had learned early that Howard didn't have the patience for mindless chatter. As he grew up however, the rebellious streak was painted a mile wide through the heir of Stark. Tony would often make snide remarks here and there just to get a rise out of the old man – much to his mother chagrin.)
A woman had asked him
"Come here Angel."
Them who find delight in the chaos and thrill in the pain, they sit with that evil and make friends with it. Wearing terror like a cloak, they move through life with manipulation and aggression. Persons who have never wanted to change, narcissists who see nothing false with themselves and only the flaws in the world around them.
“Tony..”
The idea wormed into Steve’s head…What would it be like to kiss Tony? He quickly dismissed it. “We won.”
Honeyed words ring in his ears in the afterglow. These last few days had felt like heaven on earth and Steve didn't want to come down just yet. He rolled over and smiled at his alpha.
Stark didn’t say anything, only nodding and following the omega in. Maybe he let his eyes linger on the blonds posterior in those well cut slacks as well. “I hope you like Jazz.” He said slipping his hands into his pockets.
His tricks were petty things, childish things by any measure.
It didn’t take long for humans to come up with reasons to fight and kill one another. It wasn’t so much noble to die for a cause, but to make someone else die for theirs. Dead men did not win wars they only won honor. To the land walkers, this honor in sacrifice was only worthwhile if in the end the victor held the spoils. Land was still valuable even soaked in blood.
Not 'omega verse' but still an mpreg so here ya go
“It’s…beautiful thank you.” Amora hesitated. To accept suck a token would ruin her plans. She had planned to create a spell for a servant girl and in exchange for the service; the girl agreed to try to seduce the young prince and allow Amora to ‘find them’. The enchantress would then use the incident to fall into hysterics and run to the arms of the kind elder brother for comfort. She had planned it to a tea, yet if she accepted this she would never be rid of Loki, she would be brought into his chambers and they would never be apart until they were wed. It would ruin her plans.
Tony’s face fell, “anything ells?” he hoped there wasn’t because if anything happened to Steve of the babies while he was gone he’d never forgive himself.
Steve sat up in the darkness as the piercing pain made him sweat and ground his teethe. Something was very wrong; he groped through the darkened to try to switch on the bedside lamp.  When the gold light flooded the bedroom, Steve looked down in horror at the red soaked sheets. “Oh god… oh no. . .No…”
Loki agreed of course, not admitting he did miss his friend.
Tony stood up and gestured manically to the shop, “Look at this Steve, the most experience I have at raising things is machines. If I can’t oil it or Sauder it or switch out some fucking screws I have no idea what to do. I was just barely keeping things copasetic between us and now…” Stark stopped mid rant and turned his back to the omega, a hand rubbing nervously at his beard. “I don’t want to ruin this. For once in my life I have something I can’t lose.”
Tony smiled as he pulled the cap from the needle with his teeth and spat it across the way. “Crystal.”
Her answer was thankfully, swift, “Absolutely not, even though Extremis has huge potential in the cosmetic field and even in treating patients with disfigurements and limb-loss, it’s still too volatile. Behaviorally and physiologically speaking all the test subjects became enraged after the introduction of the package. I had no way of knowing what it might do to a human subject, but Killian...”
He wished he could disagree, to say 'no dear you were' but that wasn't true. They both took the easy road for too long, “You're here now though..and..I want you to be. I won't...” Tears brimmed in his eyes and halted his voice. Loki was so tired of running. “I won't lie..I ..I'm so..afraid. I don't know what to do at times and I have always been so self sufficient. I feel like I wake every morning and lose myself. There are times I can't even breathe for the things in my head.”
Peter nodded and looked over to where Daddy was brushing Wendy's hair and fixing it into two little buns on the top of her head the way she liked.
Thankfully, when he rounded the bend Steve noticed his stepbrother’s horses were missing. As was the steed of his stepfather. Perhaps if he was lucky they would all stay away for the evening and leave Steve to his own.
“We have to help them.” snapping his oxygen helmet in place. Only seeing the terror and pain of the beings outside the sub. Everything in his brain compared these creatures to the ash and blood covered villagers in the war torn countryside’s from the war.
McCoy chuckled and opened up on of the gilded books. “Well then, Bruce it is. Now, I do hope Thor had these translated or we will have an even larger mystery on our hands.”
His mate was currently standing behind the curtains, bare feet clearly visable, while their son sat on the side table with a lamp shade on his head. Peter was doing his best impression of a lamp while Wendy stalked around the room looking under chairs and behind pillows. Her little face scruntched up in deep concentration. Although, Tony suspected she clearly saw her twin and was merely draggin gout the proccess for theatrics. His little Diva, the apple hadn't fallen far from his tree with her.
Still, James supposes that hearing it from an Asset  Agent, makes Fury feel that the information is sound. It wouldn't be the first time that the field operatives uncovered something was amiss among the fine print. Things can change like day and night when you get out in the field.
The sensual tenor of a woman’s voice filters through the old beaten up transistor radio and into the night air. Tony Stark was sure he was alone, hunkered up under that big rusted beast of a tractor in Barton’s barn. It gave him something to focus on in the vary least. Considering it felt like everything else he put his hands on lately turned to shit.
James wanted that too, and he was her friend, her pack and pack stuck together. So she made the drive to see for herself what was going on with Loki.
“Sorry…” Steve said lamely still holding the photo on his hands. He didn’t know how to tell Tony.”
“I noticed.” He shouldn‘t have said that, damn it just slipped out. Moreover, before he could get a handle on it the challenge was accepted.
Tony wasn't in any hurry to get there. Another- darker part of him just chuckled and added
"Why, why don't you just go already? Cause I can't figure this shit out ya know? Why would you stay with me?" He asked because really this was getting ridiculous, the more time they spent together. The more nights they found themselves wrapped up in bed...it was going to make it impossible for Tony when Barnes finally did figure out was a mess he was.
God he was getting old.
The elderly man looked up with a smile. “Because, before there was no one capable of protecting Captain America…and now there is.” Rockwell stated simply as the elevator doors opened to ground level once again. The old man stepped out and tipped his head to the now stunned Tony. “Enjoy your day Mr. Stark”
The newly made Captain of four years ago- would show the pride in is gait and determination in the formal posture he held in uniform. Men would look up to him, standing there on the bow in his dress blues, blonde hair waving in the sea air. The golden strands bleached with sun and salt. If anyone asked him what his plans were he would still have a smile, he’d nod to his friends and maybe say, “I guess I’ll have to keep them out of trouble even when this is all over.” Natasha would roll her eyes and slip an arm around Bucky’s neck; the subtle action would make Steve look away and blush. Even then, he was still innocent.
It wasn’t hard to say yes, they each had their reasons, perhaps because Howard was wrong about one thing - they did know what grief was. They had each live with a form of that grief since returning home. The chance to help a friend and together get their lives back…it was too much to pass up.
“Brothers!” Thor boomed throwing his arms wide, apparently he’d expected everyone to run forward and hug him and was disappointed when they didn’t.
“You can't get anymore pregnant..what's your point?”
It had already been a very busy morning for Steve who woke with the sun just as he does every morning. After tending to the animals, he would gather up fresh eggs and bring them in to start breakfast. Bread would need to be baked and oranges squeezed. They had been low on milk so Steve hoped they wouldn’t notice the absence of the pitcher on the table. Tea and juice would have to do. There had been just enough meat left for his step-siblings and their father - Steve would be doing without today. Not that that was unusual - the young boy had learned to take the scraps and make the most of what he had left.
“Well 11th floor it is then, I suppose she knows I’m already here then yeah?” Tony already knew the answer to that but given how agitated the other alpha looked he thought he’d double check.
Tony leaned back against the elevator wall shoving his hands in his pockets. His fingers flexed biting into his palms, all the while the rest of the alpha showed nothing but stoic interest. “A lie, sorry but I find it hard to believe spangles would be dishonest, he’s more wholesome than 2% milk. Now if you’re saying that this serum my old man helped cook up wasn’t all the bells and whistles they sold it as… that I might believe. However, I’ve seen Cap in action so I know that’s not true. So what are you getting at here, what in this shiny all American legend is the candy coated horse shit?”
A sudden surge of melancholy over took him while sitting in the living room gazing out of the large windows at the city below. Once the people of New York had found out about his status there had been mixed responses. Not all of them kind. Steve just hoped that people would treat his child better – regardless of their classification.
Tony preened under the praise. “Yeah well you know it’s just one of my many charms.”
“I ..I was just so alone. All I could do was try and fix it.” Tony muttered, he didn’t want to cry again. Not if it meant waking Peter and possibly frightening him.
The blush on Steve’s face was well worth the thrown pillow.
AN: So.. I saw this line in a panel featuring a reincarnates kid Loki and Thor. It was so feelsy and this just came to me.  Incidentally I was listening to 2cello’s cover of Hurt while writing this so if you have that handy for the read I recommend it.
“I won again!” She crowed.
The Asgardian clapped the Captain on the shoulder with a hearty laugh, “Not to worry brother Steven! For my own brother is also of a fair nature and he is a fine warrior!”
Natasha didn't think much of the occurrence until she heard more than humming and looked over to find her partner singing and bopping along with his binoculars .
“He won’t die so easily moron…” The man assured before retching the blade free. “We’re just getting started, you will talk Captain. that I can promise you.”
Written in Steve’s POV
Stark tried to scowl, he really did but it just looked more like a gas bubble. “I don’t know!” He said throwing his hands up and climbing back onto the sofa. “I’m not good at this Pep, you know it, I know it, and pretty soon Steve’s going to know it. You should have seen his face.. Like a kid on Christmas. Then I realized that wasn’t going to last, I’m trying to spare him like I should have spared you.”
The baby‘s eyes were closed at the moment at Loki hadn‘t the heart just yet to wake him to see. Perhaps it was foolish but he hoped they were green. The pup’s hair was rich black and floated in soft tendrils around his crown. It was convincing to be sure, but still …Loki knew that this child did not come from Amora‘s womb. He knows this by the soft glow in the baby’s chest; it is barely perceptible until his own magic caresses the familiar siedr. Loki recognizes it as the gem that he gave Amora.
“Come on solider… this is nothing.” He told himself, trampling down all that unease that had him nearly blacked out during the exam itself. He’d been to war, seen men die in the trenches soaked in mud and blood with wide bright eyes that stared at him as if he had the answers when really he was just as scared as they were. He was just a kid behind that shield, a kid from Brooklyn with a smart mouth that occasionally got him beat to shit in alleys.
Two men appear on your late night screen, a pair of smiling gents...way too smiley gents in pastel button downs and dockers. You would change the channel but honestly, its 3 in the morning and you already know nothing else is on. So why the hell not right?
The Ai responded immediately, “Doctor Banner is on his way. Shall I have emergency services on stand by should Dr. Cho be detained?”
Pepper slipped off her heels and gracefully took a seat. “I think there’s been some miscommunication. Actually no, I‘m sure there has been if that‘s what you think this is. I do a lot for Tony, but one thing I am not is his messenger. I think you know that Steve.”
Maybe Erskine had been wrong about him being a good man. Maybe what Steve Rogers was, was a selfish man. A man who stopped fighting for what was right and instead what he thought was right.  The world had changed and Steve hadn’t had a chance to changed with it, even since he woke. All this life was just… missions and work, do the job and come home. When he was home, he spent his days reading, or listening to the oldies stations and watching films he remembered.  Steve was stuck.
The group loaded up the ship, another gift from their benefactor, with all the tools and supplies they would need and caste off. They set a course to an area known as ‘the dark pool’. An anomaly somewhere in the northwestern seas where the water was so deep in a certain spot that it appeared as a large black pool. Sailors never crossed fearing that the depth may hold a beast, and arrive at the location was often met with turbulent seas. Stark was sure that if could convince a group to go there, that’s where they would find the sirens.
Moreover, Steve knew that the world that his pups would shape could be even better.
The fight just drained out of the billionaire at that point. “Fine, but J monitors everything and if things start looking sketchy I reserve the right to veto this home birth plan.”
“Ok, look it's going to be ok you can stay on the guest floor and...as much as it kills me to say this – I'll call Pepper to bring you some suppressant spray and...”
Loki smiled to himself as his fingers slid over various shirts before selecting one in a deep plum. For once he was looking forward and not back. The small victory of daydreaming about paint colors or switching out the living room rug. Perhaps it would seem trivial to an outsider, but the truth was it meant he saw a tomorrow. These little ideas meant that Loki wanted more out of his life. Something to look forward to, to plan.
A gentle smile graced the omegas features as he pulled the luxurious fur fabric under his face. It smelled like the alpha whose penthouse it the article hailed from. The alpha that was currently not present- though Steve doubted would be far. He few a slight wetness slicking his thighs and buried his face in the blanket. It was happening and Steve really wasn’t sure how to feel about that. Considering he didn’t even remember much of his first and only heat. It had been something he had always been happy to have absent from his life both before and after the serum. His dated way of thinking that said his nature was weak.
The fog of flash steam settled in the now scorched earth, the approaching hydra agents stopped in their tracks when faced with the God of Thunder and like wise the God of Lies with the former Winter Soldier.
During this first visit Bruce calculated that Steve was around Nine-weeks if he conceived during his heat, to which Steve assure them that was the only time it would have happened.  Tony merely shrugged and quipped “Not like I didn’t try but Steve’s old fashioned.”
Loki wants to run because his limbs are starting to tingle from the outpouring of power and his head feels too heavy for his shoulders. Has it really been that long since he's done anything like this? Or is..oh, yes of course. Loki really hadn't been keeping up with that had he? How could he even ask his Alpha for that now? After seeing the look in James' eyes.
Charles also decided to make an offer to one of the towers other residence in hopes of not only helping Loki but also Mr. Stark. Reports of what had happened to the billionaire inventor had come to many in the enhanced community. By the sound of things Charles was concerned for the usually jovial younger man, Stark had seemed somewhat subdued earlier in the day and the professor was unsure weather that was caused by the current emotional stress within the Alpha's pack or something much deeper. Then again, Charles had never been much good at understanding the minds of Alpha's.
“Promise that when we go to sleep, you’ll still be there when I wake up.”
Jormungand had taken a shine to the little one early on; the serpentine eel was often seen coiled protectively around his master’s son. It was a strange sight indeed to see little Tony tugging at the creatures face and even poking the oddly patient beast in the nose.
Tony craned his neck to see the omegas face twisted up. “Steve…Honey talk to me.”
Loki nodded. “I read that now many hospitals test abandoned children for the x gene. They claim it as protection to other children in the system and seemed to turn them over to a handful of establishments. Not all that seem savory.”
“Steven, I need you to go to the market and drop off a parcel for me.” Alexander said as he entered the kitchen where his stepson was currently making breakfast.
seriously i just shiiiit my pants! Bucky took the wheel.."
Barnes had worked up a sweat helping Stark get a feel for his new enhanced strength. They boxed, ran and took out some aggression on the heavy bags. Conversation between them keeping to lighter topics while putting one another through the paces.
Dummy beeped in the background as Tony rubbed the back of his neck and looked back at the machine, “Yep, I’m busted.”
“Christ...” He felt sick, true there had been a point that Tony toyed with the idea of including bore bio-elements into the suit. He had already been using dermal implants for months now but this.  “Tell me you haven't done this to someone.”
Steve figited in the doorway. His toes curling into the soft carpet making his head feel heavy .
“J, when did this happen and has structural integrity been compromised in anyway?” Tony asked feeling a tinge of nerves. Considering his walls were now gone and he was looking at a forest where there should be a bedroom.
"Wow, that sounds like fun. Wave bye bye Pete, we gotta go pick up papa then we go get Pizza! "
The soldier had missed so much time with his little boy, all these months had to have been painful for Peter, Having lost one parent and then slowly watch the other fall apart and distance themselves. There was no way that a child that young would have been able to understand why things where happening around him.
When suit popped up the Shield ship was making its second round and spotted the dented in red and gold break the surface. Hawkeye, who was standing on the bow, shot a grappling arrow to real Tony in.
James sat with his thoughts and realized that yes...he had finaly made it through the war. It may have taken him nearly a century to do it... but he'd made it. He's was going to be the kind of man his family needed and deserved.
That’s what Bruce said. It wasn’t as if it was new, before the serum, he’d been told the same thing. He was too weak, too broken to be able to have a family. Therefore, Steve never even entertained the idea. It wasn’t really a loss in his eyes because he never thought about it to much.
“Can’t say that I have.
“Bribing my personal growth with a mocha latte?  Yeah that will work, ok… Steve, contrary to popular belief I would like to make sure Capsicle stays in one piece. Plus ya know old people get cranky with busted hips. ” Tony supplied spinning on his stool.
Looking equally frustrated, Bruce tossed his pen on the desk, “No, not that I can see. With the serums cell regeneration I don’t even thing a sterilization surgery would correct anything. Excising the gland is an option but typically, that’s  only done in cases of cancer because of the after effects. Any thing we do or give you is going to be running a gauntlet against your body.”
One of the weirder quirks came to light during a stake-out. Shield had made a pair of headphones for Clint that worked well with his hearing aids. Since receiving them the archer has loaded up a mp3 player with music to occupy his time.
When he arrived home, his scent was so mottled from sweat and the city smog it was hard to tell on his own if it seemed sweeter. Tony would have been able to tell, but he was down in the workshop with some backed up work from SI. Steve didn’t want to be a bother so instead he just showered and thought he’d fix himself some lunch and hope his stomach would settle on its own.
There was too much of it here, to much darkness that made everything feel tight. Like all this pain was closing in, high and oppressive like those filthy cave walls back in the dessert.
When Stark returned he saw that his counterpart was awake, Steve was laying on his back in a mess of blankets with one hand running up and down his own chest panting softly. The first wave would be coming soon.
“Stark.”
It didn't take long for Barnes to catch what he was asking, as understanding flitted across the mans face there was a brief flair of anger and then sorrow. “That what you think of me?”
“Ughhh why…” Tony groaned and shirked on the chest plate and eyed the garish looking helmet with distaste. “It’s so…pointy.” The young man looked down to Jar as the serpent slithered around his tail and rests its broad head against his hip in a comforting gesture. “Yeah I know Jar…it’s almost as ridiculous as Dads”
'. Many of the passages went on to document that '
"I- I was kinda hoping we could talk."
The poor man looked flabbergast at the small back seat compartment trying to figure out how in the world both he and Steve would ever fit. It was not logical or practical.
Hydra and their Allies could hide in a world where the masses stuck their heads in the sand. However, turning the anger of an entire nation on them, all in the name of vengeance. They would have nowhere to hide; no veil to conceal there acts when the public took their blinders off. Moreover, who better to tap into a world that ran on technology and social media, than a man who built the finest tech in the whole world?
“Doll..we talked about that.” James sighed but smiled. Loki sounded more like himself everyday and it was wonderful.
Wendy nodded and curled up to her father’s chest and breathed, coughing a bit here and there.
It was just your average, run-of-the-mill, wonderfully boring Tuesday. A blessedly boring day that he could hopefully spend in his boxers just laying around, and with a little luck -without them on entertaining his omega.
“What things? If he is feeling guilt, he should not, and if it is the past- then it is over with.”
Taunts from children can be cruel enough but then those children grow up into spiteful adults.
“Had, I heard about Steve, Pepper is actually down seeing Phil and Clint and taking them lunch.”
The pair of alphas fell into silence as they ate, Tony seemed a little less cagey then he had when she first arrived. Still, Natasha could see the gears turning in the inventor’s never quiet mind.  “Wanna talk about it?”
There was still some contention on who would be going in as Iron Man's support. Ideally another heavy hitter would have gone a long way, with Thor off world and the situation a little too delicate to have Hulk stomping around – pickings were slim. It wasn't a surprise when Steve volunteered first.
Amora was different; she was a lustful creature that had a craving for the hearts and devotion of men. He knew this and still, still he allowed her passage into the very heart of him. He welcomed her cloying voice and smoldering eyes, welcomed her lies because at the end of the day - the fantasy of her acceptance felt better than the reality of his solitary existence. At least it had at the time.
Between the yellow brick road and the horse of a different color, Steve quietly thanked Professor Erskine. Even if the Serum had changed him in some negative ways, the positive out weighed them. Steve would go through any amount of pain to see red, because red was Tony. It was loud and brash, warm and passionate. It was fire and mayhem yet sweet as apples and cherries.  He tightened his grip just a little on the alphas hand then.
Tony faked horror and flopped back onto his side of the bed. “You wound me Steeebe...I am wounded. How dare you treat your alpha so cruelly you don't love me at all?”
“Steven…what the hell J? You two on a first name basis, having little pow wows when I’m not around? Look I need to get up there now and there is one of two ways it’s going to happen. One I take the elevator like a normal person, or two I put on the suit tear open these doors and fly up the elevator shaft.”  The alpha growled at the digital panel next to the lift.
Still the words had kept roaming around in Barnes head as he watched his omega.
“Oh…yep, that’s…ok. No problem! Not worried at all! Almost there. Two step soldier, come on.” Stark replied with a trembling voice, one hand cupping under Steve’s belly as they walked a little faster to get the omega situated. “Ok baby here we go, down ya go. J get Simmons in here now.”
Steve wasn’t quite in full heat yet, but Tony suspected that the push of o-estrogen had put the omega in that dreamy stage . Which considering were Steve was half an hour ago - half drunk on all the dopamine that was likely flooding his brain was far better.
Explaining the extend of the nanotech wasn't difficult. It was all technical and Tony had to do it quickly, telling himself it was someone else he was talking about. As if he was walking around in another persons body who had been rewired from the inside out. The percentage of what was him and what was tech – he had no idea. At least a good enough portion of his mind was still his, maybe because he'd been so damn hardheaded his whole life. Maybe because the most valuable thing about Tony Stark was his mind. At this Steve Scoffed and reminded him that that was not the case. At least not in his eyes.
“We shall see.”
Before leaving the Tower, he had Jarvis analysis the flaws in Extremis and reworking the code. The errors were small but enough that it made the package volatile. To use the extremis Maya had sent him would have been suicide. Mallen was prime example of power begetting madness. Her formula, while elegant, wasn't perfect and Tony Stark was a fixer.
As he headed out of the building, he noticed an elderly man in beige overcoat waiting in the courtyard beginning to approach him. Too old to be a reporter - but never can be too careful, Tony threw on his winning smile ready to have witty retorts on the tip of his tongue and mildly trying to recall any bad behavior he had in the last week. It was a Wednesday…he hadn’t left the lab much over the weekend or even the building for that matter, so then something he did on Friday.  God Fridays …who the hell keeps track of that. Pepper does…why didn’t she warn him! Damn it Potts!
“Doll, I hate to sound like a broken record but we gotta go if we want to make it through that traffic.”
Yep we got those feels to.
“Sometimes? Nah spangles your ok; I think I almost have that stick unwedged. Really though I should thank you, you gave me two beautiful babies, and you. I’m serious Steve; I know I suck at all this emotional sweetness crap. I know that I say weird things and piss you off; but I don’t think I have ever loved someone the way I love you right now. Every fight, every knock down drag out argument we ever had up to now. This right here…this makes it worth it. You challenge me and you call me on my shit, even when I want to strangle you I want to kiss you. And even if I can’t build another suit, or invent anything else for as long as I live. I’ll have you three, this is the greatest thing I have ever been apart of.”
Steve looked down and felt his heart stutter, he was as he once was. Thin limbs shaking in the blood soaked pajamas. “no…this isn’t” His voice failed and he looked up to find Stark now standing incredibly close, leaning into his face with those lifeless black eyes.
He keeps going because failure is not an option. Because he wants his life back.
“Hello Natasha.” said a voice she thought she’d never hear again…not since the battle of New York.
James flexed his metal hand and looked out the window, distantly listening to Coulson briefing his team, the Agent may have kept his voice level but the intent dressing down was clear. Barnes would have liked to point out that sending such young field agents out on this particular op was a mistake- he knew the critique would be unwelcome. To his right, Natasha spoke in soft soothing tones on the phone with Pepper no doubt. He thought of the omega and Banner alone in the tower with all of the pups. Well not alone, the penthouse was still on lock down so it was as good as alone. James was quietly dreading the inevitable call to Stark he would have to make, while he would try to avoid it if at all possible – tonight was a prime example of how sometimes things just didn't go as planned.
It wasn’t as if Tony had boundaries anyway so he just walked in. Sure, enough there was Steve hunkered down on the toilet, eating a bag of chips.
Intimacy between them wasn’t at all what Steve had been taught as a child. Tony never ‘expected’ him to submit, to be honest the Alpha was versatile in the bedroom, which led to many new experiences for his omega. Steve had never been ‘usual’ and it was refreshing to know his Alpha didn’t expect him to be either.
“But you should.” Loki's weakened strength began to falter and he slid to his knees. Bruce was by his side instantly just as he had been from the moment he woke in the SHIELD Infirmary. Through the miserable weeks of helpless anger at waking to a pitch black world. Days when he struggled desperately to even feed himself. Even when Loki pushed the other man away and damned any kind word given him. “Why..why do you not abandon me?”
As soon as Stark depressed the plunger, the chemical equivalent to magma was gushing into his blood stream. As if his nerves were on fire and his flesh was turning to ashes.
“Your Funeral”
“I can be there in five maybe less…”
“Why do you need to know my family medical history I’m not the one that’s pregnant…” the father -to-be mumbled. However, he was assured that this was important no matter how tedious it may seem.
“eh..shut up ya mook.” he joked slouching comfortably  in his chair. Bucky knew this would come up sooner rather than later, “he’s not like he was, not that I know about then but, I know what Thor said, I’ve seen some of the footage. That’s not him anymore.”
“Tony… Please would you.”
Steve didn’t know how to take that.
"You just don't get it do ya?  I want you Tony..Just you."
The blond moved sluggishly and Stark had to admit it was somewhat cute to see those full lips pull into a pout as the larger man stood up and seemed confused that he had to leave the comfort of his bed.
“You should though, want me to suffer.”
Tony rubbed his palms over his jeans. “Honey...listen. I know this isn't easy.”
Tony’s words hung there in the silence until Pepper spoke softly, “What about Peter, don’t you care at all what happens to him?”
Sneering at the billionaire in his shining silver armor that's gleams under a spray of blood and gray matter. “yes it would seem so, then again perhaps I should ask you...one vile creature to another. How does it feel, to be a monster?”
Peter didn’t understand why he had to go stay with Aunt Pepper; Jarvis didn’t say that his daddy had to go away for work. That was usually when he would stay with her. That morning his daddy packed his things and Peter went with Uncle Happy. He asked his daddy when he was coming back but Tony just kissed his forehead and told him he’d come get him soon.
“Why? Picking up your old job Tasha, or should I say Ms. Rushman?”
He smiled,” can’t tell ya half the time what Tony’s talking about.” Steve headed out of the little curtained off area with Simmons trailing just behind. “So when will I need to come in next?”
"Hey reindeer games...." Stark said softly. "I...well maybe i was out of line."
a voice said from the foot of the bed.
Maybe it was a little selfish to want to help Loki in a way that no one had ever worked that hard for him.
“Sir yes Sir.”
“What?”
That night Tony was in his workshop, burning the midnight oil as usual.
“Well, looks like Stupid finally decided to came back.” he started to get up but the alpha motioned for him to stay seated.
When  they parted Tony was still there, thumbs stroking his cheeks and their foreheads pressed together. The inventor’s voice was thick with emotion as he whispered. “No. You have me.”
“Tony no.” Steve wrapped his arms around his alpha. This was Tony, if anything this was more so the man he loved than he had seen in days. The stubborn alpha that always tried so hard to hide how badly he was hurting. “I should have been with you. Maybe if I had been there you wouldn't have needed Extremis. I let you down and I swore I would never do that.”
"Bye bye Aunti Loki!!!"
Still. Still they watched him expectantly, waiting for him to slip up and show them that maniac grin.
“But you look so good on your knees babe.” Tony batted his lashes.
Although, it was hard for the alpha not to pull his shoulders back a bit when the omega let out a grateful and happy little moan with the first bite of pizza. Tony tried his best to ignore what that sound did to him on a damn near cellular level.
“Plus, you wouldn’t want to miss out on the early bird specials. I know you seniors like a good deal on some cream of wheat.”
Character (Tony)
“NO I will not! “ Steve shouted furthering his tirade. “I am a grown man and I can take care of myself or have you forgotten that? I don’t belong to you Tony, you can’t order me around, or did you forget that too?” Steve seethed turning around and tugging the collar of his suit aside to show his now slightly swollen, but very much, intact gland.
“Christ…he was right.”
“Damn it Peter I said go to bed!” Tony did not mean to yell, his nerves were just so frayed. He regretted it immediately when he saw the child flinch, losing balance tripping back against the door. Little eyes filled with tears. “Petey sweetheart I’m sorry.”
“Christ Tony…” Steve held his head in his hands.  “Where is he?”
The blond plopped down on the bed looking like a scolded child not only could Steve Rogers glare with the up most disapproval of epic proportions he had a pout that would put the puppies in ASPCA commercial to shame. Pepper could almost hear the melodic crooning of Sarah McLauchlan to accompany  such a  pitiful pout.
“Sir, due to privacy constrains I must warn that…”
Barnes unholstered his weapon and pulled the mask up over his face, true he didn't need it anymore but there was something about it that made this part of his life feel separate.
He would not make the same mistakes as Odin had, he would never hide his child's parentage like a dirty little secret. Loki would tell his child the truth early and often. He would inform them how they were chosen over all others to be his and James' how their family was empty before they came. The once noble would make sure his child never felt the sting of a lie like he had. Never the bitter crushing of what once was a joyous life.
Just another knot head alpha who thought he knew better than anyone else did. Using that - over educated double talk to ride high and holier than thou over all the little stupid people around him.
Tony walked a little slower down the hall, he knew who was behind him and maybe that made his swagger a little more outlandish than usual. After all, he had someone to impress. He wore those tight jeans today for good reason. Stepping around the corner Stark almost made it past the broom closet. Almost.
“And it brings joy  to my heart to see you such a glow with child Steven. I trust Anthony has been caring for you well?”
Tony nodded and helped as best he could to ease his pregnant mate onto his feet. Steve breathed through his nose as they made their way around the bed heading toward the nesting room.
What if someone really managed to kill Wade to the point that there would be nothing left to regenerate. What if he never came back? What if...peter had to do this alone?
Tony stood in the doorway watching silently as Steve played hide and seek with the twins in the living room. He'd just come back from the gym and spotted the three of them, caught up in the sight he leaned against the wall with a soft smile on his lips.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, a little voice said I didn’t have to; I could…have it taken care of. After all, it’s not as if I was bonded. This was an accident really, this thing between me and Tony… hell if I know where it’s going. He doesn’t exactly seem like a family man.
“Duchess...do you know what has become of her? She is alone and... I would not want her to wonder looking for food.” Loki said sinking into a corner of the sofa pulling a blanket tightly around his shoulders.
Even so, Loki found himself trying to 'put on his old mask' by freshening up before stepping into the parlor where James had left the older man. How Loki desperately wished he hadn't asked James to allow them some privacy. The request had been anther old habit rearing its head.
“Hey, come on blue eyes; need you to drink this for me ok? I can‘t have you all shriveled up and dusty.”
Pepper was able to cover the incident, having PR spin it as “The Captains’ distaste for the use of vulgar language.”  Casting Captain America as the face of all things wholesome and right wasn’t exactly difficult.
It was all a lot to take in, the idea of destroying Hydra completely. It would be wonderful but… “Tony can’t do that alone… no one can.”
“Yeah yeah, speak for yourself grease monkey. I can still see Steve’s Apron strings hanging off your helmet.”
Even now, if he closes his eyes and breaths in deep enough he can still smell her hair. That soft powdery smell with a hint of ambergris.
Because then the omega would have to declare a national stare of emergency. Code, blue or red...fucking chartreuse who the hell knew what those colors were. Tony couldn't help but think that as a super hero he might actually want to know that. Mental note, learn the color coded danger scale – Steve probably knows it- Steve color coded all the twins clothes, hell...Tony's  sock drawer had been reorganized  a week after Steve moved into the penthouse. Then again, Steve knew weird stuff like that. Like the release date of military commemorative stamps, and where Wendy left her orange binky that she used to love and was forever losing in the penthouse.
Steve had been suffering from the preparatory contractions for weeks now, at any time of the day or night the omega would quietly sneak off alone with a pinched look on his face. It took several instances before anyone even knew, mainly because a particularly inopportune false contraction made Steve wet himself in the middle of the night and he thought his water had broken.
There is a certain kind of love a parent has for a child, it an unexplained magic that occurs with knowing that this little being is a part of you and the one you love most. This was a love that Loki did not feel those first few weeks. It was understandable, even if his magic had somehow created this child - Anthony was not natural. The baby was a product of Amora’s lies and deception. Whatever she had done to create life in such a way, Loki was sure it was just as underhanded.
“As I said before Captain, when you lose something that precious you will do anything to get it back.”
“Drinks on me then!” Phil clapped his hands, “Steve, latte? You look like an Americano kinda guy but trust me I think you’ll need the sugar.”
Steve looked up when he heard giggling from the hallway, setting down his brushes and wiping a few pain smears from his hands. The mural was coming along nicely; maybe another day or two until it was completely finished.  The blonde peeked around the corner to see his two lovers making a spectacle of themselves in the hall.
It was evident that the quality rest was having a positive effect on not just the expectant omega, but also the entire team. The feeling around the tower had lightened. Things were falling back into those rare periods of calm.
“That an order Captain?” there is that cocky smirk and glittering chocolate eyes. Always so self-assured, or at least Tony put up a good front. Inside he had a clawing feeling that he might have to break that order. The one time he'd loath to go against a direct command. Really, it was more of a promise. They made this promise a long time ago ' come home, at all cost you come home.' maybe it was selfish, from the outside looking in it might have seemed that way.
Thor was up and pushing his friend, scolding Fandral for hurting Loki. The other boy’s face ad gone red with embarrassment and a touch of fear - vehemently apologizing.
“At ease Captain, no one here to court martial you.”
“Very well Sir, according to Oxford. Upgrade is a verb meaning to raise (something) to a higher standard, in particular improve (equipment or machinery) by adding or replacing components.”  The Ai spoke with a slight pause before adding, “In this case Captain, Sir upgraded the visual appearance of your Shield.”
Sitting out on the balcony with his thoughts, he almost hadn't heard the glass door slide open behind him. Turning his head he to great his omega James immediately stoped seeing the look on the ravens face. “Babe you ok?” There was no trace of upset along there bond which made the alphas worries rise. Was Loki hiding from him again or... no, he could feel it now, a steady hum of excitement.
Wouldn't he?
“yeah.. it’s, that’s a good idea. On both accounts.” Steve was just ready to end this day honestly. He hoped he could get some kind of sleep although he doubted it. His head was to full, Bucky, the serum, his nature, Tony… why did everything have to be so complicated.
Until Amora, with her golden hair and sumptuous body. There were times he longed to kiss her, to touch her if only to show her how much he cared for her. For her he could do such things, even if he did not feel the same as some might about the act itself. The siren always shied away or allowed him playful kisses on the cheek or forehead. When she desired something, he would play his starvation for affection against him. Planting herself in his lap and twining their tails. Caressing his cheek and speaking to him as lovers do.
“Everything you are feeling is perfectly normal Steve.” Jemma assured over the video feed. “It’s very common for unmated omegas to experience what is called a ‘mini’ heat during the third trimmest of their pregnancy. Considering some of the other issues you have had, I’m surprised it didn’t occur sooner. The mini heat is your bodies attempt to seek comfort in bonding. It’s honestly nothing to worry about or feel pressured by.”
Fine do it but make it quick one glance then back to all this stupid paperwork. You're getting to old for this.
“What. Did. You. Do. Tony.” Her arms are crossed and right now even if he says the right thing it won't matter.
The blond scowled, that was once…ok a few times and not at all his fault. “No I did not, I ….I think something’s…something’s not right.”  His anger fizzled out into worry.
Tony often wondered how Steve could have so much faith in him. Somehow, it was different when they brought the child home that first night that irrational fear of screwing up another human being turned into fierce pride. Tony held his infant son and saw the world open up. He wanted to be there for his child, to give Peter the kind of life he didn't have. To be the kind of father Howard never was.
He knew that Bucky knew it too. Part of Steve really hoped that was how Bucky felt about Loki, that Bucky could see that… ‘Heroic stuff’ that no one else could because, everyone deserves a love like that.
She smirked following behind him up the porch steps, “Whatever you say.”
“Tony you have to see that this is crazy!” Rhodes wrung his hands. “You are out there like some damn angle of death, and look at you! Have looked in a mirror lately Tones? Have you? I have seen you look like steamed shit after a three day drunk and even I have to admit you look worse now.”
Tony snorted but said nothing.
The rest will be explained in story so yep. Be kind! Feel free to add this work now, first installment will be coming 4/28/16
The young soldiers nodded one of them searching his pockets of a pack. “No problem Sir,”
“That was one time Tasha..”
Steve didn’t say anything; he just reached out and took his Alphas hand. He held that work weathered hand for a short time before looking up at the inventor. “You do something like that again; I will knock your teeth out with my shield and not even feel a little bit sorry. You got that?”
Well, you had me from "Bacon"
“Testy.”
“Tony...I'm 7mths pregnant.”
That was all he needed. Steve's shoulders slumped and he hurried inside, dropping to his knees when in reach. His head rested on Tony's leg and he hugged his partner around the waist. A little whimper of "Daddy " falling from his lips.
Tony walked over snapping a picture with his phone, “Speak up Mr. Mumbles, we don’t speak marblemouthees.”
How long had it been since Loki genuinely felt this whole as a person? This protected? The contentment in that private moment was almost terrifying.
“We have to go! Something is happening down there! If we say we all die! Do you thing Steve would want that?” She said gripping her lovers flesh arm. She cared as much about Steven as anyone but she knew if they rushed in blind none of them would make it out.
Steve crept back over and ticked Peter’s sides making the child squirm and squeal. They were able to trade off so Tony could get changed; Steve could already see how this was going to go for a while. Chances were that Peter was going to need to be next to at least one of them at all times until he felt safe and sure his parents were not going to ‘disappear’.
“Hey,” Tony spoke softly running a hand back through his mate’s damp hair.
They didn't seem any closer even with the added documentation to glean knowledge from. Loki isn't sure what to think, knowing there could be an answer but to fearful to get his hopes up.
“I’m surprised he hasn’t had one of those too…” Bruce muttered and then realized what he said and laughed sheepishly. “I um…I mean that’s unfortunate. You two enjoy that…yep”
Maybe now he could find some peace, maybe it would be enough. Tony pulled up a photo from the memory system, looking at the image with a painful throbbing in his chest. It was just after they adopted Peter, they had the photos made and for some reason this had been Steve’s favorite. It was black and white with only subtle touched of color. The blue of Steve’s shirt, blue light of the reactor and the soft blue blanket wrapped around their son.  He could never go back to that; he didn’t deserve to hold his son when his hands were stained in blood.
At the table, Natasha rolled her eyes with a fond smile turning up the corner of her lips. “I find speaking in Russian works much better for …loosening the works. It really…gets things moving smoothly.”
Tony rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, “You’re the best we have right now Bruce and before you ask - No I’m not looking into any remnants of Shield. For all I know they are off in some shady underground lair saluting a hydra flag and circle jerking.”
His words cut by an abrupt splash that rained water over the lamp extinguishing its light. As well as soaking the bewildered human. Howard took a few trembling steps backward. He had a spear bow of his own design just out of reach. He wanted to blame the occurrence on something other than what his mind told him it was. What this completely foolish jaunt out to sea had been for.
The alpha knew what it was, the doctor said it would take time for Loki’s normal heat cycle to return and it looks like it had. Barnes shook his head and clenched his fists, he had to be there for his mate and keep his head clear.
"This isn't a game to me. You can't tell me you haven't seen me. I know you have I know you watch me ...I-I like it."
Instead, the blond ignored the jabs of the older boys and continued with his sweeping up. Minding Fury as the old tabby swished out of the kitchen and hoped onto the table. The cat picked over the left overs on his master’s plates before taking up residence in Grants lap.
It was like looking at the hands of a stranger. Flexing each digit and thinking, 'these are mine...but not.' A little voice in the back of his mind answered his worries
It was James who suggested perhaps they meet up with Kurt and Logan and meet the couples adopted son. To be honest, James wanted to speak to Logan privately about the process, not so much from the legal or even financial portion, but how to be supportive to his omega. After reading that some adoptions can fall through at the last moment, the former soldier couldn't imagine how devastated Loki would be if such a thing happened.
Stark took a step back shaking out his hands. “No …yeah… I mean. Look, we haven’t outlined things yet if that’s what you mean but we agreed that what ever happened that I wasn’t going to leave him unless he tells me to go. You have my express permission to call Pepper or the spy twins down here and kick my ass if need be.”
Meaningless pleasantries...why was she here what is her game? “All capable individuals.”
“All right he’s your friend and probably deserves a medal for the years of faithful service in dragging you out of all the colorful messes you found yourself in before you so magnanimously hired me. So I’ll give you that one next, four more come on Tony prove me wrong that you’re not a self-centered ass. I might even buy you coffee.”
It was just past midnight when Vengeful hit the skies. They say you never forget how to ride a bike, for Tony regaining the suit controls felt just like that. A satisfying caress of electoral impulses.
“God of mischief to wrangle an alpha, who would have thought that,” Bruce's added before gathering up the plates. “How is he by the way? The two of them are pretty tight lipped about their personal lives. I still feel bad about that whole....smashing thing.”
He poured out a mostly full cup of tea and headed to get prepared for the day. It would have been easy enough to snap his fingers and dawn a familiar suit and vest. Somehow, Loki couldn't bring himself to do so.
Steve couldn't help but smile and feel so thankful for everything they had, how easily they could have lost it all.
Tony lowers his head in that shameful schoolboy way when he's done something he knows Steve won't like. “Things didn't go like we thought they would. I had to do something, if I hadn't...I wouldn't be here, Barnes wouldn't be here. I had JARVIS proof Hansen's work before we left. I had him run the formula backwards and forwards and correct all the errors. It was just meant to be a backup, I didn't even think we had enough time but then it was done and Steve...” He looks up and he's smiling. It's a little manic grin, like when he's been up for days in the workshop. “Babe I did it, I fixed Extremis and it's beautiful it's perfect the things it can do. It saved me.”
An hour had passed and they now still hadn't come up with a solid strike team. Given what they knew about Hansen's formula, the woman in question had been brought in, they needed their heavy hitters. That was if the virus was at all like what Hansen had designed it to be. Her fear that her previous (now dead) employer, Killian, had perfected the formula or worse – made it even more effective that even Hansen had imagined, they could be facing someone with all the power of an enhanced soldier time 1000. In a perfect scenario they'd send in Steve and Tony maybe with him as cover. In an even better scenario they would have Thor on deck, a solid force to manage any variable. Alas, this was the worst-case scenario the team had feared when their two leaders bonded.
Natasha had walked Steve up and down the hall a few times- Doctor Simmons said it would help. He was doing his best not to show any discomfort but Tasha could always read him like a book.
Bruce had seen a lot of bad things in his life. War, pain, poverty and everything in between. It wasn't easy to shock the good Doctor, that wasn't of course to say he felt nothing when he saw such suffering.
Steve turned and cause the inventor a serious stare, “You know if we do this I’m not letting go with out a fight. I’m not going to let you just bail when you get bored and I will be damn sure to call you down about all that avoiding and nonchalant stuff you do.  We do this Tony and it’s for keeps.”
However, she had no aspirations to be a figurehead; no inclination to become Hydra's social media dream. The Madam had her own future to carve out of the imperfection surrounding her. Her own dark machinations brewing while Hydra's old men puttered around like fools. She bides her time, working methodically- cold and calculating, saw her moment and seized it.
Loki had a fairly good poker face however, taking a few more bites and trying valiantly not to drain his water glass too quickly.
At this the thunderer hesitated, “That…that is hard to say. I can not speak on his behalf only from what I have observed.”Thor turned to Steve and smiled softly, “James has expressed missing you Steven, and you are as close as kin and he thinks of you often. More so since word of your coming babe, he was quiet happy to know you are well and cared for by such a capable alpha.”
James shook his head and greeted Steve. “Man I guess I'm chop liver.”
“Sir, we have lost communications.” Jarvis reported and oh, this just kept getting better by the minuet.
“Since they've been back he hasn't exactly been sociable. We all knew that and for a while it was the best thing for the pack to interact slowly considering the past. I just thought things had gotten better for him when Bucky told me he started teaching. Last time when I picked the twins up he just didn't seem like himself. Distant I guess.”
“Steven Rogers is no alpha and he never was.” Rockwell said holding the folder out in front of him.
“Kinda wish he would, I’d know were to go from there ya know?”
“These are so good! Steve have you taken them to MOMA yet? You really should I’m sure they would enjoy it.” Pepper said, placing the pictures on the coffee table at a safe distance from her tea.
“Sorry…” Steve mumbled letting Tony lead him higher on the bed until he his back was against the alphas chest. The cool metal of the reactor resting between his shoulder blades.
Tony knew how to deal with that type, even later on when those types were just starting to thin out – leaving sons Tony's age or a decade or so older to take the reigns. The second generation had been Tony's people! He could take those people to the trendiest club and schmooze until the wee hours. They would drink and go to parties, make a few bad decisions and a few memorable nights. He even managed to cultivate a few friendships like that.  Now, not so much.
Said goal worked pretty well....up until a 6ft hunk of blond and blue eyes thawed out. Well, Tony always had been unconventional.  So tying the knot with Steve Rogers was just a natural progression...or an atomic bomb in the making. Depends on who you ask really.
Tony feels like a ton of bricks has been dropped on his head. His skull feels like its splitting open because he can see...he can see and hear everything and its too much, Satellite networks, news feeds, social media junk, and radio chatter filling his ears. “Stop...Stop …please god ...” He's jerking violently, howling in pain then everything just goes black and that makes it worse. His first thought is that he's blind. How was he going to be of use to anyone if he was blind?
As annoying as Stark could be at times. The man had this strange way of worming his way into your heart. If anything happened to Tony they, the whole team would be thrown into a tailspin.
Still, the more he reflected about it the more the agent felt like it might be time. They needed to sit down and face the conversation that he'd been putting off for far too long.
“Picking up some paperwork from the compound. I know James has the day off so I figured I'd take one for the team rather than have Fury call him. Where is he by the way?” Not that she didn't know. Natasha had looked up the GPS on Barnes phone before coming; she knew exactly where he was.
There was a pause before Steve had to be sure “Tell me you did not put a hot tub in the quinjet.”  Steve poked his head out zipping up the jacket.
It was now half past 9 and what started as some harmless kissing and touching had escalated in the alphas need to orally claim every inch of the super soldier. Not that Steve could complain, he was sure he’d come at least three times already and fell asleep at one point in between only to wake in moments to even more wonderful feelings.
Perhaps it was then I grew cold. Then when I turned my back on humanity, long before the lies of my parentage unfolded around me. Long before I actively looked for revenge. It was there under the soil in an empty grave where i left my heart.
“Pepper don’t” Tony’s warning fell on deaf ears.
Rogers couldn’t even apologize for that, Bucky was his friend and this was Hydra’s doing. Still, none of this could be easy for Tony.
The battle was a long and difficult one that took place at the abandoned prison the mortals call Alcatraz. As the debris settled and the villain bound for transport, Thor and his brother sat on an overturned vending machine awaiting their comrade’s word to leave.
Next, Several handmaids from Asgard arrived with fine (though complicated) Garments worn by the women of the planets high court. - Natasha sent them back.  That hadn't deterred Loki, if anything he realized the mistake as women of midgard wore far less. So, in a show of his changed ways he enlisted the help of Jane and her friend Darcy Lewis.
Cap had that skill from time to time. To look like he had to carry the weight of the world on his shoulders. Like it was some raw compulsion to examine and re-examine everything and somehow make it his fault or something he should have been able to prevent.
Steve coughed and looked away. “I was raised Catholic M’am so I have never considered it. As for my alpha, I believe we were both under the impression that with the serum it wasn’t a factor. Do I… do I have some sort of venereal infection?” God kill him now, and then let him kill Tony Stark for being the one man that could possibly give Captain America the clap.
However, this wasn't just about Loki. There was a part of him that ached to hear glee filled laughter, to have someone look up to him with eyes full of hope and call him Dad. James wanted to be the kind of man he didn't get the privilege of knowing.
Barnes rolled his eyes, a little smile behind his mask. “Save it for your welcome home trashcan.”
Yes...yes because despite his lifelong fears the more he thought about it and the more he talked about it in therapy – Loki grasped the truth. James Barnes loved him, all of him. Despite this struggle James would not leave him, any thought he had to the contrary was his experiences interjecting themselves on his present. His alpha was not at all like those who had harmed him and Loki knew that now.
“Hey Jerk…”
Watching the beads of water rolling off her nearly opalescent flesh, Howard had to agree. He had never been an artist, never had an eye for things of beauty. His mind was mad for function and efficiency. In those designs, the beauty of sleek lines and the shining metal gears simply happened because of function. Often Maria would come down to the shop and look with wide eyes at whatever Howard was working on. Those had been the early days before he had been able to convince anyone to take him seriously. She was always praising his efforts. Even so…this living and breathing creature would have blinded anything made of iron and steel.
Tony said he would be fine; well that was not exactly what he said it was more along the lines of "give Robocop ...credit sugar buns." Followed by a lopsided little smile.
Every time Tony closed his eyes, he found flashes of peachy skin warmed with feverous want. Pink pert nipples and gold hair, blue eyes glazed and dilated.  He’d had two cold showers today and right now, he just couldn’t give a fuck.. Or could give one…to Steve, which was beside the point.
Loki had reluctantly agreed to the visit with his former employer with a touch of trepidation. He knew there was no effortless way to lie to Charles, even at his best it was difficult to cloak his mind from the man. Not that the Professor frequently allowed such liberties, only when Xavier felt there was no other way to get to the heart of the mater.
“Tony...”
“My friend, how I have missed you.” Loki would have pushed away from anyone else, but there was something oddly comforting about Kurt. From the moment they meet, Loki realized Kurt was probably one of the few who could understand.
“Tell him I’m on my way, and wake up Bruce. Tell him what’s going down.”
