There was no reply, instead his leg moved, his ankle making a small circle that shifted the loose debris under him.
guy.”
“Tony!”
“Steve, put yourself in my shoes, would you believe it if I walked into your room and said that I was an angel?”
“No Tony, what I’m saying is that it was our time to do this for you… I know you agreed but…”Steve stops and opens the door to reveal the fully decorated room. “…We were behind schedule, is all.” Which is what you would expect when a calamity of superheroes bundle together for a Christmas dinner.
“Test subjects; you’re a scientist ain’t ya?” Masters moved to do the same sort of surgery on Crossbones, having learned Tony’s technique perfectly merely by observing.
“JARVIS, what did I say?” He groaned, following the footprints to where JARVIS was sitting. “Bingo! Move aside will you buddy, I think I’ve found a clue!”
“Mostly, my friend. However, this is not natural.” Thor gestured outside, even though the tinted windows it was clear to see that the grey that the clouds wasn’t natural, but it was tinged with a purple lining which became more visible from their superior vantage point within the mansion.
Steve recognised the man that stood before him. It was Howard Stark, Tony’s father, engineer extraordinaire.
Something caught his eyes, a cloth draped over something that seemed to have a faint blue glow. He knelt down and picked the cloth up to see the tiny bobble headed robot and tilted his head in confusion, only to see the robot do the same.
“Like what?” Tony asked, drawing his head back hesitantly from Steve’s chest to look up at Steve, who did the same.
“I AM Tony!” The armour yelled.
“Interference shall not be tolerated,” he replied, this time readying his repulsor toward Tony. Even when he was behaving like this, it didn’t stop Tony from having some sort of faith that Steve was really there and not just in a physical form.
Once Tony was perched just below the large needle on top of the Empire State, he returned to a vertical stance and let Steve climb off his back gently. On his way down he gave Tony’s back a light pat – probably the closest gesture he was going to get to a ‘thank you’.
Steve started shimmying the handle but it didn’t open, it was then that Tony unleashed his trusty acrylic shard and used it to jimmy the lock open. He slid the piece between the door and the gap, pushing it down and then gazing at the keypad, placing his hand over it and trying to figure out the code. Luckily he’d seen a couple of numbers when he was using the computer earlier, and typed them in and bingo – the door opened right away.
“Anomaly? What kind of anomaly are we dealing with here?”
“Barton, how many times have I told you
“To-ny…” Steve whispered, giving him the smallest of smiles and tilting his head ever so slightly.
ever so loudly as they darted down the road. It was hard enough as it was trying to go past the metal posts; Tony had to quickly dodge from side to side to avoid the civilians that were walking down the streets who clearly the bad guy that he was chasing didn’t care about.
a man of few words, Tony.” Steve replied from the other end of the screening device.
“You sure you can track him?”
He was given the all clear and then sent home, back to his place which wasn’t too far from the base, even though he had a distinct recollection that he was hours away from base. He didn’t quite understand, but there was a lapse of time between him getting from the base to home, returning to his place in Brooklyn, the small apartment that he was raised in with everything looking just the way he had left it, even with specs of dust coating the shelves that he had left vacant for so long.
He made stiff steps toward Steve who looked like a regular sleeping beauty. His eyes were shut, his lips slightly parted, skin pale with messy golden hair over it. Tony’s hand trailed down to the armoured segment, which started around his abdomen area and extended down his legs and across his arms, then again at his neck, but that part where the chin piece was being held. Tony removed the upper segment first, so Steve was free to breathe easily and then moved toward the boots. If he could remove them then he could use some of his old Iron Patriot circuitry, if it was still intact, with his current suit to give it a small upgrade, reminding himself that Steve didn’t really need the armour. He was a super soldier; he’d be able to survive without armour weighing him down. That was always Steve’s excuse anyway whenever Tony suggested designing a suit for him.
No pearly gates or bright light, just an abyss of darkness and the disgusting taste of metal. As he looked up he could see Steve standing at that door trying to get out, but not just Steve, he could see this beautiful pristine man standing there dressed all in white, with beams of light shining behind him as though he really were an angel, an angel trapped in that room.
Steve continued to snap his teeth, eyes with a resounding emptiness about them.
He was silenced by the way that Steve tilted his head down,  the wings visibly drooping.
“Your suit’s there—or, what’s left of it.”
Rhodey stepped up to Steve, trying to pull him to one side so that they could have a talk, but Steve could feel Tony’s eyes burning into the back of his scalp.
“Good plan.”
He kept a grip of Tony’s hand, glad that he was there for support and most of all glad that he was back to normal. “We need to find the others.”
properly. Something streamlined so you can wear your old boots, I won’t let you go without the old signature look.  I promise.”
Peter held out his hands and gestured frantically, pulling at his hair, “Are you kidding!? I could’ve died!”
Instead of going for Steve’s leg right away, he dismantled the bots legs, pulling them off only to notice a garish ‘HAMMER’ logo painted across the side of each calf. He grimaced, reaching for the stone he was using for cutting and striking it out the same way someone would key a car.
Eventually, he walked by Tony’s room, seeing the red light from the dim bulbs inside seep out into the corridors. Steve couldn’t help but peer into the door that was slightly ajar and noticed Tony sitting on the edge of his bed. His back was facing the door, he was shirtless and sat there with his face in his hands. It was that moment Steve’s eyes widened, he noticed these large black drooping shadows that extended from his shoulder blades to the bed. But there was something more about these shadows. They seemed to fall strangely, as though they were resting on the bed. Steve stepped closer and then touched the door with a mesmerised expression plastered over his face.
, like a sixth sense.
Steve rolled his eyes then laughed, once more stepping closer to Tony to brush a few pieces of glitter and sparkling paper off his shoulders.
Steve seemed gentle, his expression was soft, something that Tony rarely saw outside of their own personal meetings, in fact, the more he thought about it, the more he realised how light hearted Steve was around him and only him. Of course, Steve was one to always follow his heart despite the consequences. He knelt down by the bed and took Tony’s foot, frowning at the injury.
“Hey, shhh-”
The Captain took a couple of steps closer, “Sorry I just… I noticed you couldn’t sleep.”
“You two go and find somewhere safe, get the chips out of Peter – just go!” Carol yelled as she rose to her feet, hovering in the air as her hands sparked with energy.
She let out a smooth chuckle and replied with a rather surprisingly hard smack on the back. “Just call me Carol. You’re a newbie here, aren’t you?”
“D-don’t push it… It’s sensitive.” Tony warned with a hoarse ring to his moan.
“Those chips aren’t just trackers, Stark. They’re control chips,” Taskmaster began to explain.
The flight went by relatively quickly, especially after Tony had made his first sonic boom, travelling at extreme speeds often made cross-sea journeys extremely quick. By the time he had reached the coast, it was little after dinner in the UK.
“Bingo! Seems this racer isn’t going to make it to poll position.” Tony quipped, opening the door of their moving car.
Steve stared at him directly, “Our supreme leader sees super humans as a threat. They will be eliminated at all costs. Proof of super humans causing destruction; chemical bombings world-wide.”
Steve’s body became motionless after Tony spoken, his head hung again, but his body maintaining a slight tremble. Then he lay very still…completely still after another moment. Tony could feel his heart begin to sink once more, just wishing that he’d had a second chance. But just as he was about to become resigned to the thought, he spotted Steve’s eyelashes fluttering.
“Tony, if you lay like that, I can’t see your wings. They’ll be flattened out.”
“You know Tony, there is a land free from pain. You just have to fight to get to it, you need to believe with all the strength you have that you can push through it all…”
Tony growled, trying to inch his hand over a bit more, attempting to get the dark green carpet in his hands to heave himself up.
Tapping the oak table with frustration, Steve glanced forward, peering at the inverted image of Taskmaster and his giant shield running amok in down town Brooklyn, which was no surprise. Steve knew they both shared that turf as their home-ground. The familiar buildings around him were prompts of his heritage, even in modern day, some had changed and others hadn’t. Still, he didn’t want anyone to get hurt, and was spurred on by his attachment to that particular area.
“If you last…” Fury muttered under his breath inaudibly. He had little faith in anyone lasting and was already prepared to just pluck out the paperwork for a new partner assignment.
“I’ll kill if I have to.” The figure replied from the other side, though his voice was distorted with the barrier of the mirror in the way.
“I will get this power!”
“His blood doesn’t have the technopathic capabilities yours possesses. Yes, he could be used but there wasn’t enough blood in him, and his version of the serum is so old that it’s a wonder he’s still alive, actually. You on the other hand… You have the new enhanced serum. Whenever I did tests using this soldier’s blood it just deteriorated…”
“JARVIS?” He tapped his helmet, but again there was nothing but static. He cursed the use of jammers that must have been located around the facility. It was no use trying to communicate with the others. If his connection was blocked, there was certainly no getting through to the others.
“Thanks for offering me a ride, Iron Man,” she teased, giving him a look.
“Tony… Tony!” Steve called as he felt the sharp pains stab into him.
Tony shot the robotic dog a small glare but Reed just agreed with a profound looking nod and turned back to his work, writing on the blackboard by stretching his extra elastic limb. It was clear that Reed was a man who intended to focus on work rather than deal with distractions.
They were finally together.
“This is the last one, I promise you. It’s me programming things and sometimes it doesn’t go according to plan. Sometimes you have to get injured to learn from your mistakes.” He didn’t want to tell him that the bot he was working on, that was once sentient, was rejecting the AI that he was trying to install to override the old one, that whenever Tony was close to it, it would knock him away with those powerful iron fists. He couldn’t explain that to him, because he was desperate to fix it. If Tony made a mistake he would do everything in his path to try and repair it, or live in constant regret, it was simple. This was his problem,
“I need you to do it, because if anyone is, I want it to be you.”
“It was mine too… Tony.”
“Tell me about it.” Tony replied, flexing out his arm and looking at Steve, shifting a little closer to him. “Do you… Feel that?”
“Bucky, Bucky..!” He yelled louder, trying to fight against the wind.
As he walked further he saw a trail of blood leading to the alleyway, the same one that they were using to hide in earlier. Cautiously he followed the crimson path and his eyes widened at what it led to. There she was, her black hair covering her face, lying as still as a doll. Tony could feel his heart thud with pain, unable to distinguish the whether it was caused by the intense regret he’d had for staying down below. Her mask was torn, along with parts of her outfit; her full lips were ever so slightly parted and had a trail of red from the corner. She was beaten, battered, pulverised to death. He could’ve gone through every bone that he knew was broken, but that would cause far too much agony. Peter ran up to him, peering over his shoulders, the wide white eyes widening even further as his body began to tremble. Tony scooped her into his arms and looked at the boy, what was he to do?
“Heroes do not do that, we fight terrorists.”
“Of course, how can I forget? You said you’d help out a few of my pals with them.”
“No… You know…” How was he going to phrase this? He’d known Tony all of his present life, Tony Stark was the man who had first sat down with him when he had arrived there, he was the one who took him to museums, shown him everything he had missed, sat in theatres to show him inspirational speeches that he hadn’t been there for, he’d given him the Avengers mansion and a place to stay as well as introducing him to a group of remarkable people who soon became his friends and family, furthermore he gave him a home and most of all, gave him a purpose. Tony Stark had given him everything he could’ve ever asked for, and it was then that it had clicked properly; Tony was an angel. He was Steve’s angel throughout everything.
“I’m sorry but I’m lost and…”
Marc barges into the kitchen holding a raw turkey, only to have it snapped away by Tigra, who thinks it’s fun and games to chase around the raw bird, though becomes annoyed almost instantly the moment that Sam zooms past and grabs it from her grip. Suddenly the ‘catch the turkey’ game becomes a trend, with Danny leaping into the air with poise and grace and grabbing it from the unamused young lady who shoots a glare at him soon after. But that wasn’t her giving up, no sir. She stoops down into a prowl, easing her way, step by step before launching herself onto Iron Fist, who then drops the turkey. Once more, before it hits the ground Carol breaks it’s fall with a dive and clutches it to her, getting to her feet and giving everyone an authoritative glare. That stare was powerful enough to make the strongest opponent back off, and then without hesitation she hands it back to those working in the kitchen to prepare the huge bird.
“Suicide bombings are a common ruse.”
“Yup, got it!” They were so in sync, reaching toward the doors and using his enhanced strength, hearing the pistons in his arms activate as he used his force and pulled open the thick metal clad doors.
“Don’t they learn when you throw them out of windows?” She sighed, exhausted as she returned to her normal size. She was just too exhausted to carry on and nearly fell. Tony pushed himself up and grabbed her, pulling her arm around his neck.
They had both been on kitten duty for an entire week and everything was starting to become routine, which wasn’t great for men like Steve and Tony who would often thrive on excitement and adrenaline. Whilst they were on patrol in their (now cleaned up) cop car, Steve sighed quite audibly.
“See you in the morning, Mister Stark.”
Steve bowed his head to Tony and courteously gestured to him. “After you, Mr. Stark.”
The jet was beginning to spit fire instead of producing a constant stream, and it was throwing him off balance, having to integrate this sort of system onto tech that was terrible to start with was like trying to make a diamond out of dirt. It just wasn’t going to happen. He wobbled in the air, moving to and fro, holding his arms out and using his palm repulsors to try and get some sort of balance. It was jittery, but with that quick fix he’d managed to stabilise his flight, reaching again for the wing that seemed so far away again. He pushed himself and narrowed his eyes, focusing again as he launched himself toward the plane.
“You snapped out of it now, bud?” He asked, pivoting on his heel to look at the car that was in the small collision start up and drive away. “She’s a beut huh. I hear they’re makin’ them outa steel and iron since we got an aluminium shortage… Next ya know they’ll be makin’ cars out of cans of coke.”
“If you can put him to sleep that is!” Steve bantered back.”
The feeling to be awoken by his prince charming, or in this case, his charming inspector made Steve’s stomach fill with butterflies, fluttering around with each passing moment their lips made contact until he was left was a blushing mess of emotions. He had always known there was something special about Tony, since day one, and there he was being proven right. Tony had a heart.
Could he fix himself?
“You underestimate my capabilities. If one of my plans is foiled, Captain, I will
“So you want me to take him down, is that it?”
The last thing he could remember was falling into the ocean, and then waking up in the sick bay back in the US camp where all the other soldiers were being treated. He didn’t see the Commandos, but he saw a couple of old faces and some new ones that he didn’t quite remember serving with. But the US Army was huge, he couldn’t remember every single face, hell, he probably didn’t even serve with the most of them.
“Come on, a little closer.” Tony said with such joy in his voice, holding up the phone.
“It’s over,” they both replied. Tony’s chest powered up once, with Steve stood standing behind him, gathering their power together – joined by the touch of their fingers as Tony shot one last powerful unibeam straight toward Killgrave. The man flew through the air, the wires snapping from the impact, and yet he was still conscious, just barely.
The man with the eyepatch cleared his throat, gave Tony a filthy look and paused for a second longer just to make him squirm before he proceeded to tell his story. “That bomb was a bio chemical weapon. To this day, no one knows what it does exactly or who sent it, that’s why we need you. You’re the missing piece. You of all people should thrive in this new era.”
“Y-yeah!” Steve snapped out of his daydream and smiled right back at her.  His azures went straight for her name badge, golden and slick, pinned and polished to perfection on the front of her uniform. “Ms. Danvers.”
Again, Tony shrugged, not particularly caring to elaborate.
Tony leaped to Steve’s aid, grabbing him by the arm and tugging him away as fast as he could, the smokescreen making things much more difficult – moreso than they should’ve been. He had to try and find some sort of pattern, but the moves of the Goblin were frantic as he darted from side to side, unleashing his bag of tricks upon the two heroes that mainly consisted of bomb after bomb. Each bomb was getting closer and closer, Steve and Tony tugging one another out of the line of fire.
perfect.” He quite openly said, immediately noticing Steve’s cheeks flush pink. “But me on the other hand…”
“I’m sorry…”
“Yes sir.” The voice replied over the radio. “According to this, he’s been taken to a SHIELD tech lab. No information on it so far.”
“He cannot have you; Tony…” it whispered once more before collapsing back. “You’re mine.”
He tapped the comm, holding his hand to his ear as he darted down the street and began to climb the rusty fire escape ladder of a nearby apartment complex and climbed the rusty fire escape ladder of a nearby apartment complex to the roof. Each step echoed loudly, creaking under his weight as light footed as he was at that moment. “Anyone? Team?”
“Where?” Steve asked, the sun beaming right into his face, forcing him to lower his visor on his cap.
“It’s what?”
“You’re not answering my question, Fury, where is everyone else?”
As they ran toward the building, there was a loud smash and Whirlwind, one of the villains that they had tackled before, came crashing out of one of the higher windows, thudding on the pavement beside them, still steaming from a blast that had come his way. Following the fallen villain was the sound of buzzing, and before they knew it, Jan appeared in front of them – returning to her normal size and standing in front of the two with her eyes red with tears.
Tony peered over his shoulder. “Thanks, Cap!”
Tony pushed down one of the pillows and Steve got down on his knees, his initial curiosity dissolving into a childish mannerism. They couldn’t be adults all the time, not when the both of them were deprived of their childhood with Tony being forced into education and Steve enlisting in the army,  plus there was always something about Tony that brought out the more childish side to Steve when they were goofing around.
“Sorry Cap, had to catch some rays.” Tony replies. By this point, Tony is already starting to fire his smart mini-missiles that jut out from a register just over his shoulder, unfolding neatly from their compact hideout after his systems have already locked onto Zola, though fighting the ‘man’ isn’t that easy with the hoard of monstrosities that surge toward Tony out of the tubes that once contained them. Dark demonic creatures that haven’t even got properly formed limbs throw themselves at Tony, trying to take him down while Zola rushes over to the computers.
Steve had heard of those types of devices long ago, but never had come face to face with one.
Tony surged forward, Steve doing the same. They ran at full pace and he attempted the first blow by swinging his arm. Steve focused on his defence, raising his shield up as expected.
They were all in Tony’s upper lab. The billionaire was so work-orientated that he had two labs; the lower lab where his suits were laid to rest, and the upper lab where he would work in eyesight of the other Avengers and their living space, a less technical area, a leisure lab one could say, where he quite welcomed the social antics of his team, whilsthis own lower lab was his sanctuary where he would rather not be disturbed. Few had access to the lower lab, given how protective he was over his suits and other top secret projects, and yet the exception to that security check was Captain America – who had a full access pass everywhere throughout the mansion. Who was Tony to deny their leader the VIP treatment? Though most would pin it on Tony Stark’s undeniable soft spot for Captain America, rather than methodical circumstance granting him access.
Tony knew he had to find a place to rest, he had to recharge too. His old armour wasn’t exactly power saving, and the amount he was using his repulsor in that day was wearing out the old systems even though he’d tried to upgrade it as much as he could. His hand was feeling tired, as was his leg, clearly showing they too needed more energy.
“You’re nothing but a disappointment, boy, and you always will be.” Howard yelled as he was suddenly distracted by the flickering of lights. “You’d this being one of the most high-tech houses in the world that the god damn electrics would work!” He growled in frustration, getting to his feet and storming out, slamming the door behind him.
“You guys have a joint place?” Sue asked. “How domestic…” she teased.
“Oh, I’ve got something to give you, before I forget.”
Tony nodded, attempting to empathise. “But this is the future to you, who could’ve ever imagined…”
Steve hadn’t posed for a while, but he smiled, a little awkwardly. It was a close-mouthed upward tilt of lips and with a snap; Tony took the picture, looking at it triumphantly on his phone.
Tony rubbed his head, feeling the metal finger casings skim through his hair, but that was nothing out of the ordinary. Although he winced the moment his finger ran across the back of his head, instantly withdrawing his hand to stare at his metal fingers.
“You can see my wings… I know you can.”
“Now you…” Tony said once he was free to stretch his legs, brushing one foot against the other to skilfully kick off his socks.
“Yea yea, like the rest of us don’t work.” He replied, shaking his head and inspecting the tree. Luke knew it would look better near the fireplace, but even he feared the wrath of She-Hulk.
“Well I do…”
“After we give … Some peace…”  he said, gesturing to Jessica.
“Psionic blasts, according to the particle traces left around the lab. It’s a temporary effect, they’ll be just fine. They can all repair themselves…”
Tony nodded and tucked the comic book into his back pocket, stepping away from the gates but locking them. At least everything in the front yard would be safe for now, he hoped.
“Steve, just one— “ He frantically went through the files mindful of Zola’s ability to escape and how he was attempting to that very second. The clatter of metal and sounds was distracting, as were the creatures that he was sure were looming up behind him and obscuring his view of Steve. Tony raised his legs using the flames from his boots to scorch the beasts that tried to claw and clamber over him while he rooted through Zola’s systems frantically attempting to confine him.
“Keyword being could have. You’re lucky I’m a genius,” he calmly dusted off his hands and smirked. “And careful, you’ll tear your ‘stitches’” He added with a smug chuckle.
“And you told me you wanted to do some good out on the streets, but your talents…”
“Apparently it’s ironically unhealthy for parents to diagnose their own children.”
The spider boy lurched toward Tony once more, this time placing his index finger above Tony’s eye to keep his eyelid open, his thumb pushing down posterior palpebral border so that the tarsal glands of Tony’s eyelid were on show. White, huge eyes glaring into his own as if they were trying to find some sort of fault. Tony flinched right away and tried to close his eyes but the force the costumed boy was using was forcing him to keep them open. His patience was wearing tenuously thin with the scrutiny.
“There is?” Tony asked with curiosity, even though he knew that there was, something was changing him; that virus.
Steve grinned and stood back to back with Tony after whipping out his shield and holding it up to defend them both. The second possessed scientist crawled and leaped toward Steve but was blocked by the cracked Vibranium circle. Just like the behemoths that Tony had faced before, he should’ve known that one punch wasn’t enough to keep them down. He wasn’t there to witness how Carol and Jessica had finally taken them down, if indeed they had managed; he only saw the aftermath.
Jessica let out a snort of a laugh but as the boy held his hands to the metal circle rim his eyes widened, head throbbing as images flashed before him.
“But how…?”
Now it was time for Tony to express how much he’d learned about Steve during their time together; Steve was always hesitant to fire his gun, unlike most of the partners that he’d had in the past, Steve didn’t have an itchy trigger finger. He preferred to defend and the way he conducted himself brought Tony back to his old history days and fantasies of being a knight, and no knight would be complete without a shield, which is what he provided Steve with.
Tony made his way toward the lab where the device that Reed had acquired and enhanced, the device Tony was eager to get his hands on, which wasn’t a particularly difficult task. As he stepped past, each camera flickered and shut itself down. A whimsical smile crossed his face.
Walking along as quietly as they could, sticking the walls and peering around corners, having to duck whenever they saw a cronies with faces that was blank slates walk by.  Ducking through the narrow hallways they finally reached the large wooden door with the numbers ‘66’ written down in a dark green.
“You see, I’ve always wanted to do well in the world and I thought that philanthropy was the best way forward, setting up charities and so on. But that just wasn’t enough; I wanted to be hands on. That’s why I’ve always admired the police department and what they do, the law enforcement and well… Saving the city,
His arm was quivering from the pent up rage and helplessness and straight away he threw his arms around Tony, pulling him close into his chest. There was a little clink when his dog tags that hung from his shirt hit the metal rim of the reactor.
I am nothing.
Upon reflection he realised that he couldn’t take one of the jets, which would be too obvious. So once he reached the top of the building he allowed the smart metals from a case he kept nearby to hover around his body before latching over his skin. Red and gold now covered him in the form of one of his latest suits, his RT node glowing a bright blue, helmet clasping on before the faceplate locked itself. The metal shimmered in the sunlight as he stood on the roof, the bright blue panels with intel flashing up on his screen, looking from side to side to ensure that the suit was in working condition, and JARVIS confirmed that by reeling off statistics. “Perfect. Let’s go to the coast of England then.” He said, the boosters lighting up and beginning to flare before the propulsion system took effect, sending him up into the air in a vertical stance, taking flight with blue streams of light following him. “I should probably get some tea for Pepper, or some crumpets. You know if I can’t buy the Queen out of the crown jewels. I tried once, actually, they drive a hard bargain. National treasures, pff.”  Tony bantered with his AI.
“Initially I thought it could be Cotard delusion given how he’s not sleeping.” Reed stated.
Luckily Clint still had a clear shot; though it was slightly distorted due to the smoke, he could see that glowing eye from a mile away. It was time to shoot the second and he did, drawing back his bow, arrow in place, eyes focused on the target, narrowing before shooting with intense precision. It landed straight in the bot’s second eye, and it threw its arms up in the air in disarray, head going back and forth, side to side to try and scan, but without visuals it couldn’t do its job.
always told him. He swung his shoulders around and pressed a button that activated a rack of heat sinkers, sending them toward the two. The force of the bullets was enough to send them back, crashing into the nearest alley wall in pure synchronisation. Whilst the remainder of bricks collapsed on the two, Tony gestured to Jessica and Carol to follow him as he’d spotted an area to duck into. A manhole, of course that was just by the webbing that Peter had made.
Zola let out a mechanical sounding laugh. “This was far from easy… To engineer a virus that is even capable of taking you down. You and your team have gotten in my way far too often…” Zola’s hands reached for another chemical, pouring it into a small container of blue liquid which instantly flowered into a vivid fluorescent purple.
Steve had attacked him?
“For what?”
Still nothing.
The Captain knew that Tony was taking too much of the lead, and he certainly wasn’t used to it. He planted his lips on Tony’s neck, watching the golden undersuit recede a bit to reveal his chest, stopping just at his waist. He placed his lips to his skin, biting lightly, wanting to show his presence. He may have been subdued because of his injuries, because of his shock and his head, but Steve Rogers was still present and he sure as hell was still Captain America.
during their gym sessions and after showers. Regardless, Tony carried on as he was, shopping as though the store were still active, taking his sweet time to find Steve something perfect. It was no surprise that Tony would very often come home with bags full of gifts for Steve, so Steve was used to it – flattered, sometimes (most of the time) not needing the gifts and feeling awkward when showered with gifts, but Steve had realised over time that it was Tony’s way of showing affection, so he accepted them.
“Him..?”
Steve glared this time, a simple narrow of his eyes was enough to make his glare look that much sharper. “Putting me in that room, Tony, I’m not stupid, why are you trying to put me under quarantine?” He turned to T’challa for answers this time, perhaps if he were unable to get Tony to tell him, much to his disappointment, he’d have to ask the other man that was so keen to escort him into the sterile white room.
“Honey, it’s okay.” There was that reassurance. “Kiss me, I need you.”
He punched the floor next to the man, leaving a large crack. For once, having a completely metal arm proved worth it otherwise he would feel that instantly, even though his armoured gauntlet. Tony got to his feet, turning around as fast as he could and running to Steve, only to be greeted by a punch to the face. The hefty metal gauntlet made full impact with his helmet and send him back to the ground. The genius looked up with horror; tasting the blood swirl in his mouth as Steve stood above him, eyes that extreme cyan once again.
“UGH!” he yelled, smacking away the arm as it crashed to the floor with another loud noise that rippled throughout the room, the sharp grey eyes didn’t look impressed in the slightest and only caused the hair on the back of Steve’s neck to stand, but he had to perceiver, if not for Reed, then for Tony. Now it was the cop’s time to use that distraction, helping Tony and tossing the tube of toothpaste that had appeared from his jacket back where it belonged.  He whispered a tiny “Thanks Steve.” Under his breath, gently pushing Steve back and in front of him so that he could protect him. In this type of situation Steve felt useless; he was up against someone with seemingly magical powers, projecting energy blasts straight at them.
“I’m still breathing so I guess that’s a good sign.”
“You’re telling me,” Tony said, “There’s bound to be somewhere. These look like houses, what used to be apartments.” He said, pointing to a row of fallen buildings.
Steve nodded and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, coughing loudly while Tony helped lay him down properly and ran over to the corner shower to cup his hands under the sterilised water and rushed over to Steve, offering it to him to drink, which he did, then did the same thing again to get enough water to wash Steve’s face.
“We’ve induced him into more than just the regular sedation, it should last a couple of days, if not a week.”
Another flinch.
Steve crawled a little closer. “Nope.”
“But sir, you don’t possibly think that…” Carol began, but Fury cut her off prematurely.
It took Tony a moment to realise that Steve wasn’t trailing him, cursing himself.
“He is mine.” It repeated like a broken record. “We will be one, and you, Steven Grant Rogers, will be destroyed. You do not belong here.”
Tony sucked in his cheeks, his calmed content expression fading once the Captain pulled back from the hug. “Hammer, he’d cut off my arm.” He cringed at the memory that was still fresh in his mind, his good hand instinctively reaching for the shoulder of his mechanical arm. “I had to use his drone, made a makeshift augmentation. All that work in prosthetics I was telling you about, you remember that, right?”
“Yes there is!” Tony shouted.
Partially the vague memories did haunt him but now it was all becoming distorted; all he wanted to do was survive and keep up his strength and most of all stay by Steve’s side.  Perhaps him being turned was a blessing, means of staying by the side of the man he loved for much longer.
“What? Tony… Tony…” He repeated, scrubbing a hand through his hairline, careful not to spackle blood on those prominent grey temples. There was an apologetic tone as his dismay began to show, trembling.
There was one other person here who could make Tony silence himself mid-sentence. He pivoted on the heel of his foot to see Steve with his hands still pressed against the wall. His eyes looked tamer, they looked still, for a moment he looked like who he used to be.
I can feel Steve’s hand inside my chest…
For wings that he didn’t really believe in, Tony was saddened that they were broken.  Was he really getting upset over figments of Steve’s imagination?
It all came back to him the moment that the details were uttered. After all, it was his command that got them all in this position in the first place. If only he’d had time to do a more thorough search, but there was no time to dwell on the past, not when he wanted answers. No, he needed answers.
Bucky flexed his arm. “I’ll show you for throwing me in a tube again.”
“S’not what I’ve heard,” he spoke, his accent heavy. “You’re gonna tell me how you managed to get Parker off the radar.”
The command of Captain America could be heard anywhere and instantly managed to get all of the Avengers to their feet.
things happen to his friends in the past. Steve’s limbs were flailing, moving as though they had no bone in them; the muscles were loose and lax. His body quite obviously was swept up by a huge spasm which Tony had never seen post-death.
Angels need to be loved and cared for in order for their wings to grow and flourish, but if they are mistreated, their wings will turn black, droop and fall, even break and trail behind them which cause them to lose their wings. Their wings cannot be seen by other humans on the earth so they appear as regular human beings. Only angels can see other angel’s wings.
“Got it. Over.”
The punching bag was still on the floor of the room, which scared Tony. He didn’t know how it could’ve fallen off the chain. He checked the security footage again but he did realise whenever Steve was having a shower it was turned off for his own privacy. He may have been keeping it there but the soldier has his rights, and he wouldn’t infringe on them either, even though unbeknownst to Reed and the others just prior to that he couldn’t help himself from being lost in basking in the wonderful glow of the man that he admired to such a deep set extent. They would never know nor would they ever understand how he felt and how he had always felt. His priority now was getting Steve out of there, and he had already partially broken his promise when he had fainted from his fatigue. He said that he wouldn’t rest and Steve seemed to appreciate that, though there was that glance of sadness that he did spot even through the glass that indicated pity for him.
“You know why I care for him?!” He panted a little, his two back teeth grinding together as they clenched. “Because he makes me feel human!”
“Malfunctioned?”
“All clear,” he said, pulling himself up completely as he was followed by the eager spider that jumped out of the manhole right after Tony. Peter remained crouched on all fours whilst Tony walked toward the bodies of the fallen berserkers, rolling one to its front to check that it was dead, which it clearly was. The searing hole in its chest should’ve been enough reassurance, but it was better to be safe than sorry.
It wasn’t long until the skies started to become darker and large beaming spotlights filled the city while everyone returned to their own spaces in swarms.
Tony felt his chest tighten at the words and slipped off the work chair he was settled on, standing in front of the screen just the other side. “I should’ve recorded you saying that for future reference. Cap actually knows how to say ‘sorry’.”
Eventually, the leaper reached an alley and spun around, noticing that he’d gotten himself caught in a dead end.
“Stay still.” A concentrated whisper exhaled.
Steve cupped the sharp edge that had been met with a thud of a titanium gauntlet. He knew he was going to feel that in the morning. But nothing hurt more than the dull drone in his chest that became louder and louder with every sudden shove away from the man that he was growing oddly attached to.
Suddenly they both felt strong. Their hearts beat in sync, their bodies moving in the exact same pace.
“Drones, you say?”
After arriving in record time (as per usual) back to the mansion in NYC, Steve was taken to the medical bay for a routine check-up. He seemed completely fine, considering the horrors Zola had put him through in that lab... He stood up well, he had regained his strength after having the time to rest in Tony’s arms, and he was all cleaned up almost the moment they had touched down at HQ. Routine checks were always tedious, especially for Steve, who knew that he would heal one way or another thanks to the serum that was flowing through his veins. In truth, he hated being treated after the amount of time he had spent in hospitals as a child due to his numerous ailments. Although his mother was a nurse (which brought an element of comfort to whatever procedures were necessary after being surrounded by medical knowledge even at home) he resented the fact he was so sick as a child because he knew of the toll that it had taken on his parents and their relationship. Hospitals were never cheap, nor was medicine in a day where even bread was considered a luxury. The Great Depression was one of the hardest times to grow up in, and even more so for a family that were struggling with a perennially sick child. That resentment of those days had carried through to this era, and though it may not have been as relevant in this day and age, the memories continued to linger. After all, perhaps if he could have afforded it, he could’ve helped save his own sick mother by giving her the care she needed. He was grateful for the healthcare now, and adored the science and innovation behind it all particularly with the results that were being produced with Stark’s move into healthcare and the massively improved quality of it all in recent days, but he hated being the one sitting in the hospital bed getting poked and prodded by needles. The amount of times that Steve had been captured and thrown on medical tables to have samples extracted so he could be cloned or the serum could be replicated was countless. Whenever he would walk into a room as cold and sterile as the medical bay was it would send shivers up his spine, so he would try and rush the process by complying.
“It’s you!” He said proudly, “I got all of them. They’re mine. They’re my favourite.” He said, hugging it close to his chest. Steve gave him a soft smile in return, ruffling up Tony’s hair.
“Just a sec, Cap!” Tony shouted back, blissfully unaware of what was happening behind him.
“V-victor, you’ll never get our plans!” Reed shouted, stretching his limbs.
The swift motion and kiss of Vibranium skimming past his cheek made Tony back away the instant he felt it, managing to swerve in a not so elegant manner. He touched his hand to his face momentarily to see the crimson pour from the cut, staring up at Steve again who managed to recall his shield with a simple hand command.
Now, it was time to party.
“You wish, Richards,” The voice boomed, brushing back his huge emerald green cape. He laughed and paced Tony’s lab, striding triumphantly around Reed, who was tied up on one of Tony’s work-chairs tightly with barb restraints, piercing his skin. Even with an inch of a motion Reed winced with pain.
“I guess my wings are shedding because… You don’t believe me, that’s the only plausible explanation.” He said sadly, though Steve was relieved to feel Tony’s cheek rest against his chest again. He always was eager to pull him into an embrace, especially after a heated argument.
Steve swerved around the corner, the heavy back of the car drifting along the road before they reached the park. He leaped out of the car, with Tony taking the lead.
Clint had to quickly brace himself against the large rumbling from the heavy steps of the robot coming their way.
Even with a mask on, the elder man could see her sadness. He remained silent and fingered out the dark blue chip that he had spotted in his own augmentations and let it fall to the ground before placing the palm plate over the exposed circuitry and pulling back, again with his hands up to show he meant no harm, letting the acrylic tool slip back to its place in his shoulder plate. With that she withdrew her hand and moved her fingers as though she were playing an imaginary piano, then slipped the glove on. All seemed well, and what Tony was saying seemed to check out.
Pulling up all the courage he had, a fire lit under him, he finally placed both hands on Tony’s shoulders, meeting his eyes with a solid stare full of conviction, trying not to get lost in Tony’s guilt-ridden blues. The more eye contact he made the more the other man’s eyes lit up.  “Let’s go,” Steve said with heart.
“Not likely, buddy!” Tony cackled, his extended arms slowly shortening their distance from him and the car.
Howard loomed over him, “You stupid boy! I ask for one thing, and that’s silence, but no, you can’t do that can you? You can’t do one simple thing! Who do you think you are Anthony? Talking to yourself like that, are you crazy, do you want me to send you to a nut house?!” He inched closer, his breath reeking of whiskey.
“That doesn’t look fishy at all,” Clint remarked as they stood at the foot of the ominously tall building.
“Stunts?”— There was a loud thud and both of Steve’s heavy hands smacked up against the wall, scratching at it. Tony jumped back, feeling his heart stop for one second. “—holy shit!”
“You should. You’re a terrible clone, or whatever you’re supposed to be.”
“That’s a good… Selfie.”
Tony clutched his jaw and spun around with a powerful acrobatic kick to get his distance, something that Steve had taught him. Once Tony had regained his footing, he held his repulsors up, shooting the swarm of bots that came at him.
“This is Officer Danvers, and I’m with Barton and Drew—We’re here to help you two.”
“We can’t lose contact again, Jan…” Steve replied.
“I need to get her back to the Quinjet, that shot of electricity would be equivalent to someone getting struck by lightning.”
“Presumably.” Reed said. “Did he eat today?”
Hammer practically skipped toward the ladder, latching onto it with the Purple Man grabbing the rung just under him. “Ciao heroes! For good this time!”
Steve beamed. “That’s right. So what, breakfast tomorrow, then a little sparring?”
“Uh… Good luck.” Tony cut the signal and shook his head. “There are some people you can
He just liked being close to him, perhaps.
Zola laughed again. “You couldn’t comprehend.”
“New and old, combining to make something special, I like that,” he pondered, tapping the centre of his neatly groomed goatee. “Would it be too corny to say that you complete me?”
Two cars appeared; a strange black one and Tony’s red Ferrari, zooming in front.
“Mine…” Steve said with a low voice.
“You make it sound like you’re dying.” Tony chuckled sadly. “When actually you’re coming back to life from being dead, surely that shouldn’t count as a last wish then? On a technicality?”
“A little consideration here!” Tony yelled through the cuts of wind that forced him to shut his eyes before they began to water. It was hard to hold onto the jaggedly shaped armour, and what made it more difficult was the fact that Tony still hadn’t gotten used to his new hand yet. He could grip things but gripping them tightly was another task in itself; in his mind there was an easy comparison between his hand and one of those claw machines at a fairground. He knew he had to let go and intercept him, maybe even distract him even though the super soldier seemed un-phased that he was holding onto his leg.
Tony’s eyes shot open, his skin paled and his jaw fell open too.
Tony ran his hand through hair, his good hand, tugging at the wet strands as they went against the grain of his natural parting. That was before his eyes fell to the ground, caught on a patch of blue. He had never dropped to his hands and knees so quickly in his entire life. He began throwing the rocks away quicker, his eyes widening as he spotted Steve’s uniform with that distinct material that he had made himself, how could he forget the texture. He and Steve had sat down together for hours deciding upon something that was flexible yet durable and comfortable – good old American ingenuity.
Oh ye of little faith.
Tony nodded and ran to the computers, eyes focused on the screen as his fingers ran along from key to key, pressing down with an amazing speed. He typed a couple of commands, lucky for him security systems hadn’t changed as much, and this one was easily accessible. Not to mention things were much easier with Extremis, and this was a computer that the technopathic virus could actually access, rather than the chip system which he had to manually override. “Okay to get the main cameras down and the locks in the building we’ll need to get to the control room which is in the top of this place. To get there we need to get to the 13
Rain from the broken ceiling fell on both of them, as if they were in a tragedy on stage, the water dripping down each bump and crack of metal. Steve stooped closer, holding Tony tightly, trying to ease him.
The last thing Steve heard was Tony’s high whisper. “Steve…”
Carol’s hand brushed over her forehead. “Must be
“A potato?”
Hacking was the easy part, even with sophisticated tech such as Zola’s. Apparently the hardest part was getting through his firewall, which he had done with much difficulty before, so repeating the process mere seconds later was a synch.
“Take that off.”
“Sir Rogers…” Tony tried to mumble between the feathery brushes of Tony’s apple tasting lips, pulling him closer.
Tony was jolted awake when he heard the loud thud, raising his now reddened cheek and rubbing it while he turned to reach for the switch to make the glass two sided again, but everything was chaos in his head the moment he woke up. He had to snap to his senses and smacked the button to adjust the settings of the quarantine screen, that’s when he saw it; black smudges along the screen with spider-web cracks, very small ones, but they were still there. It must have taken immense strength to even phase that glass, so seeing it broken made Tony’s sense of danger spike. He then heard the screaming, the shouts of pain and kicked the chair that he was sitting on away while he stood to his feet to look at Steve who was on his knees, clutching his head and screaming.
“It’s not necessarily rejecting it, it’s taking it in but morphing it, adapting it to change to suit it’s body… forced evolution.” Hank scratched his chin, the blue tufts of hair smoothing under his long claws he had for fingernails. “This is truly fascinating.”
Steve scooted closer, making sure he was in the frame, looking up and spotting how Tony was beaming a toothy, pearly white grin. It made him laugh, it was strangely contagious and the moment he cracked more of a relaxed smile Tony seized the opportunity to snap the photo, pulling back to show Steve with both of them at a strange angle, but it still made a good photo.
Steve turned around in the shower and Tony managed to get a good look at his pectorals, his wonderfully toned biceps, his perfectly sculpted abdomen. His mind wondered and all he could imagine was planting kiss after kiss over each perfectly divided portion of muscle, the soft warmth of Steve’s skin against his lips, kissing further and further down toward the V of his hips.
Tony noticed Steve’s shudder and removed his jacket, placing it around his much more broad shoulders, but it did the job, wrapping an arm around him and brushing his cheek to the round of those beautifully muscular shoulders to keep himself warm.
Not everyone is born an angel, there are only one or two souls that are placed down onto the earth to grow, but as stated before, they equally have the chance to lose their wings and become humans. However, once an angel loses its wings it gets sent down to purgatory, it has no chance of joining the host. Usually, angels that were sent to the Earth as babies don’t become aware of their wings unless they continue believing, continue to have faith and stay on the true path. If they stray, there is less chance of their wings ever growing or becoming aware of them.
“So Osborn is in charge of all of this? Everywhere around the world?”
“You’ve lost your rank, ex-director, you can’t tell me what to…” Steve couldn’t help but retort. His words brought an uncontrollable wide Cheshire-cat-like grin to Tony’s face, tilting his head further back into the mattress.
Stepping back and glaring, Norman returned to the computer, typing in a few commands and with that, Steve heavily stomped toward the two.
No signs of life.
I blame the loneliness that drives this feeling of absolute desolation. This overwhelming feeling of self-doubt and guilt that drives me close to tears, and yet I refuse to let one fall from my eyes because I question whether it is better to be feared for being invincible, or respected as a human and it’s at this point where I question where Iron Man stops and where Tony Stark begins. When does Tony Stark become accountable for his actions? When is it deemed acceptable for Tony Stark to drown in his emotions and fall into the pool of blood that he has created and just scream for help? When will people see me for who I am, rather than the armour that protects me? I am not a knight, I’m the human.
“Recharging doesn’t seem like a bad idea. Remind me when we find somewhere, to try and install solar panels on this thing.”
“We don’t have time for that, T’challa.” Tony growled. “Plus he’s fine, look at him! Do you see anything wrong with him?”
Steve’s hand clenched into a fist, tightening with every word. “Dammit Tony!”
“You see, Stark.” This was going to be the start of a long villainous lecture, Steve could feel it. He had always wondered what it was with bad guys and revealing their entire life story. “After the accident I was transported home, where I was seen by the best doctors of my country, magicians, you might say.”
“I- I’m fine… I just…”
He brushed his hand over his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, his breath stifling as he slowly pushed himself up, only to be helped up by the gauntlet covered hand that was closer to his shoulder. Tony looked up at Steve, who held him with a look of concern and worry. That shoulder clasp was what he truly needed; it was their way of reassuring each other with no words needing to be exchanged. Their eyes crossed, even in the dark room and Tony rose to his feet, moving to sit on the side of the bed, looking down at the skeleton frame of a leg that Steve had without the boot cover on it, reminding him of his own augmentation. It occurred to him then that he would never feel what it was like to tangle their legs together, to feel the skim of his toes against his own.
“Victor?!” he gasped, “It can’t be… You… You died!”
“Don’t act as though you don’t enjoy it. You seem one to enjoy the power play.”
Steve let out a snort of a laugh. “Thanks, Tony… I’m glad these fit.”
Steve met Tony’s eyes with surprise, shocked that he was willing to go off their assigned task, but relieved too. He placed both hands firmly on the wheel, grinning.
He hated using force on women, especially civilians that were obviously being controlled.
“I was in a car accident previously, I have to take precautions!”
“It’s me... Tony... You’ve come so far, you’ve fought for what you believe in... Though we have our differences you still fight.” Steve said, keeping a secure grip of the man in his arms that didn’t put up any form of protest.
Tony nodded and took a sip of the black liquid before placing it down, but he almost spilled it when he jumped after he heard a loud noise. Quickly Tony made sure the glass was one sided again and there Steve stood, a towel around his waist as he punched the wall over and over. He looked over to the punching bag to see it on the floor, beaten down and ripped, and now Steve was punching at the wall blindly.
Clint cleaned his ear out with the tip of his pinkie finger, “Yeahhhhhhhhh, doesn’t sound convincing enough.”
been infatuation. It started with awe, hero worship and the more time they spent together, the more he realised what it truly was. But did he once tell Steve? Yes, in a joking manner. He said he loved him, but unbeknownst to the man, he meant it with all of his heart.
“You’re stunning.” He cooed.
The moment that Tony caught sight of him when he was being escorted to the jet he had to stifle a laugh and managed to cover it up with a heavy cough at the rather bland and old fashioned look, this coming from a man that was ever so keen to wear vintage Armani and was currently dressed in a cat suit, upon that realisation he realised that he really shouldn’t have been the one laughing.  Steve fastened his belt, Tony next to him, ordering that they be flown back to NYC. Rather than piloting the large metal, triangular shaped craft that certainly looked like something out of the many sci-fi movies that were cult-famous these days, but Steve hadn’t seen anything like it. But judging on what he was told, SHIELD was similar to a military and or government organisation, so having the technology didn’t surprise him. That and he was far too distracted with staring out of the windows, watching the cities they passed, seeing how everything had changed, not that he could see much asides from a bird’s eye view.
Steve could feel something skim past his face, ripping the skin in a sharp line. Something distracted him from his meal, and if there was one thing that Tony had learned from Steve even when he was human it was never to disturb him during a meal. He turned his head in the direction of the gunfire to see a cop, standing with his gun pointed at the two. Tony shrugged and continued to eat whilst the gun was pointed at his back. The cop trembled; he wiped the sweat from under his cap and took a couple of unsure steps forward, unable to truly comprehend what was happening in front of his eyes. No matter the amount of zombie shows that people watched, nothing would truly prepare them for the real deal.
Steve smiled, “Okay little fella, looks like I get to keep you, I’m going to show you how to care, and I’ll care for you if you do for me – is that a deal?”
“We’re in Norman’s tower, quickly, we have to take him down, he’s just standing there!”
Steve’s eyelashes fluttered open, perfectly outlining his now pale blue eyes.
“Steve, do you really want to know the truth?”
Tony felt himself swallow thickly as he looked around at where Peter was leading to which seemed to be a section that they’d cordoned off for themselves. He saw memorial stones – bricks with carvings of names, around the section. All names of friends, people he knew. It was no surprise he saw Tigra’s and Luke’s slabs.
She let out a muttered roar, similar to the type the berserkers earlier were letting out, but her sheer pitch made him shudder with fear. It was intense, powerful but most of all—deadly.
He was trying. He really was.
As if I had much hope to begin with.
Meanwhile, Steve just seemed to just hold him, his eyes glowing faintly in the dim light and Tony stared at him with confusion. He seemed to be in a trance of some sort, and then suddenly he pulled back with a gasp. Moving his hands away from Tony’s back but his wings fluttering out and then curling around Tony once more. “Tony… Tony I…” He stuttered, leaning down and pulling him into an even tighter embrace than before, his face resting against Tony’s, rubbing their cheeks together. “Tony I’m so sorry… I’m sorry…”
Eventually they fell down the stairs, collapsing in a huge heap with Steve muttering something and Tony luckily landing on top of him. What a calamity. His cheek was firmly planted on a cushion, or at least he’d thought it was a cushion. When he drew his face back he realized it was Steve’s behind and he quickly shot up, standing on his feet, firm on the ground with his rollerblades away.
“If you had a heart you wouldn’t have done this.”
“But I’ll have power!” He screamed.  “That’s all I need.  Unopposed power.”
Steve wasn’t about to object to that, even though he’d almost become accustomed to his legs.
Tony felt his hammering heart rest a little when Steve held him like that, both of them creeping forward and trying to stay as quiet as they could, even though for Steve it was extremely difficult given the weight of his feet. Trying his best to stay quiet, he leaned forward, shield resting on his arm as a precaution. Neither of them were sure what would leap out at them, instead as they turned the corner behind a huge clunky machine with HAMMER branded all over it, they caught sight of the huge machine with Killgrave standing in the middle. There were schematics that were plastered on the table in front of them that were clearly marked ‘PROPERTY OF VICTOR VON DOOM’. Someone had clearly stolen from Latviera and Doom mustn’t be happy about that. But for now they had to focus on themselves.
“Fur coat—diamonds—“ Steve turned his line of sight to the tree and suddenly the excitement and desperation seemed to fade, all this time he had presumed that they were going to save a real damsel in distress, but just as Fury had assigned them to; it was kitten duty. There she was, sat in the tree with her black silky coat, meowing loudly in distress, her diamond collar glittering in the sunlight that managed to break through the leaves in the tree she was caught in. “Oh golly…” He rubbed the back of his head knowing full well he never would’ve have raced knowing it was just a cat.
Tony flew through the now opened doors and placed Steve down, quickly getting their footing and running, again there was another hitch in Tony’s running. His back was still in agony but now his leg was acting up again. Steve glanced at him over his shoulder and Tony quickly dismissed the concern, continuing to run alongside the man in the red white and blue armour.
he was prepared to deal with super-magic-villains in the future.
It had certainly been a long first week for Steve; rescuing cats, one after the other. He did wonder how frequent this problem really was, if there were really that many cats stuck up trees, but having Tony there really did make the job a lot easier in the long run. He had all these fancy gadgets; from jets to torches coming out from the tips of his fingers. He would always get greeted by the others with small chuckles when they saw the scrapes and band aids that he was covered with.
“And you’d get yourself killed.”
Tony Stark the ultimate business tycoon had managed to extend his reach, surpassing the ministry of defence and take over SHIELD after years of working under Fury’s orders. The acquisition resulted in him overthrowing Director Fury and taking over the world’s most secure home of defence.  Fury then resumed his work, begrudgingly so, as Commander but was keen to keep operation rebirth under wraps. That was until Fury was caught in a catastrophe of an accident and was sent to the medical bay back at HQ to be tended to, that was when things started to slip and secrets started to spill.
Steve nodded, proud of his friend too. It was hard to think that someone who just wanted to do a good job had so much hatred directed toward him because he was modified, that shouldn’t have made a difference. In society, moving forward, Steve yearned for equality and this was a small step that they had to take. If he had to pave the way, then so be it, he was glad to do so. “So let’s just keep up the good work…”
Tony wanted to think that throughout the ordeal his courage would never waver, and that he would remain strong and sturdy as a force of dependability. As the condition of his beloved worsened, so did his courageous heart… Sometimes Tony contemplated things; dark things. Sometimes he thought of holding a repulsor to his head and firing it and wishing that this would all be over – every day he endured of this agony was pushing him further and further to the edge.
“All doors are unlocked sir.”
“They’re…holding hands.”
“Steve!” Tony cried out as loudly as he could. He shrieked, almost, his heart pounding. This was the first time he could
“The schematics! They’re gone!”
“Oh sure, leave me in stinky-town,” Peter pouted.
“Oh please. You thought that the printers were dangerous when you saw them in my office.”
aside from his gloves; red gauntlets took their place.
“As we’ll ever be,” Jan replied, hovering next to Natasha and pointing her wrist mounted stingers at the door.
All he could think about was Tony, how his knight was falling, how it was his fault.
“Do what you can, Tony.” Steve replied as he stepped up to him and placed a firm hand on his shoulder, meeting his eyes with that confidence restoring stare.
“Together.”
“And T’challa. They’re very procedural, you have to respect that, as tedious as it is. Come on buddy, I promise I’ll buy you doughnuts afterwards, deal?”
Reed spoke while keeping his head down, scribbling notes on a pad, completely un-phased. “Like that.”
“Actually, do you have a pen and paper?”
Steve lurched closer and mouthed something, tilting his head more, as though he were leaning in for a kiss. At first Tony was shocked, pleasantly surprised, but again overwhelmed. He desperately complied, pressing his lips once more to the cold ones before him, closing his eyes and holding himself to Steve.
“So if you don’t work with this mysterious government and supreme leader, you’ll get used as an experiment?” His arms moved tighter around Steve’s back, hearing the muttering in his ear again which was reassuring, strangely but still made him worry.
Ever since the Earth was starting to become even more corrupt, since mass hate and hysteria filled the airwaves, the amount of angels sent to the Earth had significantly decreased. Only once in a blue moon, would the higher-ups send down an angel to serve its duty and protect. In turn, angels that walked the Earth were scarce.
“Steve Rogers...” Tony muttered, leaning down and resting the edge of his chin on Steve’s head, happily sat over his lap.
“Steve!” he called out.
“N-no…”
He spent other time trying to assemble a bot that could go in there and deliver the injection, but realised that he did have a better way of going in there rather than using a bot, it would involve his suit being sterilized afterwards but at least he could go in there with Steve if only briefly. He donned one of his suits that he had used for high radiation purposes, mainly when working with some of his more explosive materials; a black suit with a matted finish and red faceplate along with a couple of red accents just for aesthetic purposes. He grabbed the large syringe and stepped through the doors, going through one set that did the decontamination and then stepping through the main locked doors.
“I- I need you…”
He went through everything in his head and it went just as he thought, the enhanced kick from his augmented leg sending two of the men back into the machines, so powerful that their bodies made dents in the machines.
One day he sat, with his large white wings curled around him, huddled up with his knees to his chest as a large opening was formed in the clouds; a bright light which caused him to stand to his feet, staring at it with his wide blue eyes in awe. Was this his time? Was he finally going to be accepted into the host? What about this angel he was supposed to get?
He shut his eyes, hearing the distant rumble of thunder and heavy rain against the window pain. If he listened close enough he could hear each drop trickle down.
The bot was taken aback, grabbing the dark tufts of hair between its fingers ever so gently at first before yanking him back. “You are making me do this. Humans are imperfect. You will be perfect. You had made me to be perfect, and you shall be too.”
“Hey, I’m not that irresponsible.”
“Zemo, myself and Crossbones – we were all in prison at the time when these things were first made, after your super pals got their own chips. Call us lab rats, but they were tested on us first. We behave, then they don’t flip the switch.”
“Right, power.” The boy glanced from side to side, grabbing Tony’s shoulder and tugging him toward a half collapsed building, obviously one of the worse hit by the explosion. It was completely dark, so once again they were reliant upon the light from Tony’s chest. They both had to walk carefully, sliding through gaps that were blocked off when they finally managed to find their way inside. There were fallen support beams, broken bar lights, shattered windows and collapsed furnishings. Squeezing through the gaps in the hallway was easy for Peter, but much harder for the man who wasn’t wearing streamlined armour, and armour that was much more flexible. He had to force himself through and almost stumbled when he managed to finally push the beams back.
Enlightened, he decided to resume the mundane work that he had to attend to. The fun was over for now, and he was fully aware of every last detail of every operation that was now going on in SHIELD, as well as the entirety of its past. Tony Stark was now confident that SHIELD was now under his full and complete power, which made him much more secure, and it was indeed important for a man that was directing a security company to be indeed secure.
“This is like a nightmare. A badly scripted post-apocalyptic sci- fi movie,” Tony said out loud.
Tony shook his head. “I was just thinking maybe fresh air might help.” His voice was a husky whisper.
“I thought by easing him into the real world it would reduce this.”
Tony was first, his boots lighting up then jets beginning to propel him upward. He straightened his posture into a more horizontal pose, turning his head toward Steve.
“You know, the idea of a tribute room… It’s flattering.”
“Blood transfusion, I made this handy dandy syringe to help speed up the process; you put this in your arm and just wait for a while and… It’s just injecting more of your own blood in your system to fight off whatever’s inside you. Your immune system boosted with a couple of vitamins should be able to fight it off.” He reached for Steve’s arm carefully but Steve found himself smacking Tony’s hand away.
“We understand that Tony but we must prevent this from becoming worse.” T’challa grabbed Tony’s hand this time to stop him from lashing out any more.
“You’ll have to make me…” He panted, fumbling over his own words. He tried to be stubborn but he was feeling so dazed from the affection he received.
“No drinks or couch?” Tony shrugged as he looked around the dead end that he’d been cornered into, usually where the huge dumpsters would be but they were clearly moved for more space. He stared analytically at them through the gaps in the face plate.
“Puh-lease,” he chucked, hopping off Tony’s bed and  returning to his own, looking at Tony’s hand as it moved back and forth with ease, relieved that his work was actually functioning, even though Tony was guiding him, it was somewhat of an accomplishment. He rest on his own bed, patting it out and lying flat with his arms behind his head.
Steve couldn’t hold on any longer, and the bomb was flashing red – and that’s when it dawned on him. “Bucky! Let go! It might be booby trapped! You can’t deactivate the bomb without me! Drop off!” He yelled.
It wasn’t the first time that the Purple Man had managed to use Tony as his puppet. “Iron Man, Tony, you can fight this!” Steve yelled, just as he had done during their last battle with the Purple Man. Steve reached around for his shield, grabbing it from the magnetic strapping on his back and quickly ducking behind it, using it to bide himself some time to get to his feet.
“Why New York? Why not Hawaii, I mean… I wouldn’t wish this upon anyone, but I would much rather go to Hawaii…” Clint groaned.
“S-steve…” he struggled to say.
“Touché!” Danny grinned, sweeping back his blond hair that was lodged out of the bright green bandana by the powerful gusts that swept along the feet of the robot, that slowly drew its legs back and went for a kick, luckily the draw back motion was slow enough and both Luke and Danny stood together with their feet firmly planted in the ground. Luke grabbed the foot of the bot was already stable and Danny threw a solid punch once his partner had stabilised it.
Steve’s attention was snapped back when Carol’s fingers clicked in front of his face.
His hips lifted off the bed and ensured that he made full contact with Steve, sure by the reaction and reciprocation that the super soldier loved the feeling. And he did. Very much.
“Training sessions with Mr Stark… Wow, it’s amazing how many of his memories stored are of you. Well, not for long.”
“How am I still standing? This doesn’t make any sense.”
Tony could feel his heart fluttering again, his reactor turning pink. Steve adored that, he loved how he could see Tony’s emotion without having to read into it. He bit his lower lip and wrapped his arms around Tony as tightly as he could.
“What are you talking about? You realise all of my facilities are powered by arc reactor technology, right? This thing here can’t be the only one left.” He tapped his chest, mainly in gratitude that he’d once again been saved by the electromagnet next to his heart.
“You’re not laying a finger on us!” Carol snapped, whilst Jessica fell quieter than she usually would be, her expression dropping at the previous reference of her Skrull queen counterpart.
“What are you...” He yelled, and yet, he didn’t pull away.
Tony’s steely eyes shut, inhaling deeply. He felt a shiver course up his spine the closer Steve got to him, a warmth befell him once more and when he shut his eyes, it was as though he could see a bright light. Reaching toward it mentally and then there was a blissful peace, it was something he had never felt before. Drifting in the air as his heart felt weightless, his mind with not a question nor murmur, just silence, just bliss.
“Norman, since he gained more political sway... Implemented a new legislation. No tech. All tech is Oscorp tech, so we’ve been trying to run our own computers incognito but he’s shutting down our satellites. So communication between us all is down. That means when the Avengers dispersed for safety, we couldn’t get back in contact with them unless they made it to our base, which constantly has to be relocated. So you can imagine the pain.”
“You know, you promised to get me out of here by last night…” Steve muttered after hours of silence.
Even though they didn’t live at the mansion, they would use it as a resting place sometimes, particularly after missions if they were too exhausted or injured to make their way back to their actual homes. It should’ve been more aptly named the Avengers Hotel. But Steve was one of the few permanent residents.
He couldn’t believe that man he had idolised since he was a child, having read his comics as a little boy and even having his action figures was real, yet alone in front of him. Apparently Howard’s drunken ramblings weren’t ramblings at all. Every single detail about him was flawless, his chiselled jaw, golden hair. It was a shame Tony couldn’t see his eyes, but he imagined them to be as blue as the ones in the comic books.
Peter cringed and wriggled his fingers in front of her but then put them in his own pockets, looking at Tony for further instructions.
“It’s the truth.”
He struggled to fight against the force in his mind, but it was no use, not when he was so weak as it was.
“See! Told you it wouldn’t take long.” Tony beamed, casually stepping through the door but holding out his gloved hand. “Wait, boys… If we want to catch a criminal we need to think like a criminal.” Instantly his mind drifted back to his favourite spy movies, humming the tune in his head. “Go go laser spray.” His second to last finger flicked back like some sort of lid while a spray spurted out.
It must have been a beautiful sight for the people below to just watch a man fall with such poise.
“Really?” Steve asked. “It’s… Probably the most boring thing to do.” He shrugged.
The soldier was breaking. His heart was crumbling, shattering, tearing – every single possible way of being destroyed.
Jessica and Carol stood side by side, hands on their hips in that typical power stance. Both of them looked as though they wanted to kill him—which wasn’t a new feeling to be quite frank.
I am a boy, not a man.
Tony holds out his arms. “Thank you, really… All of you, this is… Stunning.” He stammers.
Now with all of this information gathered, he was sure that the tower he was going toward was the centre of all of the activity and that would be exactly where he was headed.
“I remember you telling me.” Steve said, his expression becoming more serious as Tony’s tone dipped.
“No, listen, you’re an angel, you just… You must’ve lost faith…”
He’s not pulling back…
“ENOUGH!” It shouted before typing something frantically into the command pad it was using to keep the chair afloat. “Psionic blaster!” It shouted, a bright pink beam shooting out of the gem that sat in the middle of his forehead, connecting it to the chair.
“Don’t touch me…” He wrapped his arms around himself, hanging his head a little, taking deep breaths. It was abnormally uncharacteristic of him to refuse help like that, especially when he was so eager to get out of there.
With his hat placed in his lap he awaited his orders.
Tony rolled his eyes once more and waited for Spiderwoman to slip off her bright yellow glove to reveal a metal hand that resembled a claw in its design. It certainly wasn’t as realistic as Tony’s was, and had a lot of damage. There were chips along the fingers and the palm made a soft buzzing that was earlier masked by the rubber texture of her glove. Tony held her hand in his own and took off his single gauntlet, to reach into his suit and pull out a tool that he would keep within a small plate beneath the shoulder, just in case. It weighed virtually nothing because it was just a piece of acrylic that was shaped for the convenience of a multifaceted screwdriver. His suit was prone to malfunctions so he had to be prepared in the most resourceful way.
“According to my systems, if you connect the red and yellow wire, then the countdown will stop.”
“Count me in, so long as it’s bagels, Brooklyn boy.” Tony flashed a toothy grin at Steve, trying to not unintentionally lean into him, or rather fighting the urge not to…even though when he had done so in the past, Steve didn’t say a word.
“Ah, you brought a friend from the department back? Pleasure to meet you, Officer, I’m Doctor Richards, Reed Richards. I work alongside the police in their research and development team.” His arm extended again to offer his hand to Steve, even though he was standing a fair distance away. Steve couldn’t help but blink once at it, trying to tilt his head to find a screw or panel like Tony had in his arms, but he couldn’t see a thing.
“Pretty much, but the plus side is that the spotlights don’t really come around here as much… Keyword being as much. At least they give us that much.”
Now geared up to perfection, it was time to get going back to the mansion to get the communication systems up to help locate the others. Their safety was paramount, and they both knew they couldn’t spend more time fiddling around with parts, not when the others were in a compromised situation. Steve nor Tony knew what the Purple Man and Hammer had up their sleeves, needless to say it was going to be big.
“Tony?” He asked, just to make sure he was still alert.
“How’re you enjoying it, Steve?” Tony asked, zipping down the street in their newly refurbished red sports car, which didn’t look anything like how it used to. Steve’s hands were on the wheel, but he wasn’t driving – the car was driving itself, zooming down each corner with intense speed and precision which truthfully scared the living daylights out of the blond. Red streaks from the taillights trailed in the dark night that they were driving in.
“Need a shower big guy? We can get you showered up… You’ll be all fresh and clean and you’ll feel better.”
“Together.” The alternate reality Tony said, grabbing Steve’s hand and tip toeing just a bit to peck his cheek. “Come on, beloved, we have other dimensions to save. Let these two rest together.”
“Do it… For me.” Steve panted.
“I don’t know what’s happening to me.” He replied.
“Yeah, it’s good. He’s just… Having a shower now, more of that black goop was coming out of his ears and nose. You know, he didn’t sleep at all last night.”
Another sharp movement. Tony’s systems were displaying the flow of the virus in the corner of his screen, and it seemed fine, the movement looked identical to what it was before.
He was introduced to SHEILD, his weapons were repaired, and training facilities were provided. Tony ensured that everything Steve wanted, he was given. Spoiled for choice, but the soldier demanded very little asides from the basics that he was used to, appreciating his new employers with the added fact that their leader was someone who he was very well acquainted with. Solo missions began to show how well Steve would do by himself, but of course Tony and Rhodey were standing by just in case anything went awry. On some occasions Tony was too busy to monitor Steve, so Rhodey did the honours until he had to let his friend get along with his own business. Rhodey was an integral part of the team, and was a superhero too, he had his own matters like the others to attend to, he couldn’t be babysitting the entire time – not that Steve needed to be looked after, especially after proving how quick he was to adapt and learn. Tony should have known that the master tactician from the pages of his books did exactly what he did on the cover.
He relaxed for a moment, catching his breath and trying to recuperate just for a second, needing to with his injuries and broken armour.
“So who do these enhancements belong to, and why was I given them? And tell me about this chip?”
I grab that bottle and I press my lips to it with my quivering hand placed around its neck and slowly the liquid trickles down my throat and takes me to another world, the world where I confess my love and where all my dreams come true. I adore this tainted reality, where he holds me close and whispers words of affection to me and where he spends every day and night with me. Where we can live together in peace as the two tall icons of liberty and freedom with his fingertips laced with mine as we watch over the city together. I love this distorted dream world because I can feel everything so vividly, and I for once in my life, feel happy.
With that, Steve pulled himself up with Tony’s help. It was clear Tony struggled with the weight but the amount of times they had trained together meant that Tony was used to carrying him. It just helped to be wearing a suit sometimes.
“What’s wrong, Rogers?”
With the last ounce of energy the shield had, Steve used it to thud into Doom, but Doom raised his own gauntlet, his metal forearm pushing against the shield as it flickered once, maybe twice. He threw the entirety of his weight into pushing against Doom, the fizzling fingertips nearing him, dangerously close with each inch as he glared into Doom’s eyes, his own filled with the intent of taking him down and freeing Reed.
“It’s close to Tony’s lab, I assume it’s him or Reed, they all went down there…”
“Is the pot calling the kettle black?” Steve flashed exactly the same smirk behind the screen, unknowingly mirroring Tony.
“…What?”
Steve was chained up to the wall. His head hung, and his uniform was torn and tattered after his capture. It took more than just strength to capture Cap, it involved courage and a well-conceived plan. He didn’t put either past Zola – quite frankly, he
“S-Steve?” Tony asked with renewed hope.
“And… It’s…”
He just had to carry on by putting on his uniform, taking his place as the Captain of the Avengers, pretending it was nothing but a dream.
He scrubbed at his hands again, over and over. They were numb with the cold and the non-stop rain anyway, he was still helpless and couldn’t quite overcome the guilt that was tightening around his chest. So he turned to Steve, wrapping his arm around his torso and holding him close, whispering apologetic words to him in search of redemption. Instead, he only whispered until his voice was hoarse, until his fatigue grasped hold of him and gently, slowly, put him to sleep.
The voices in his head weren’t getting any quieter, despite the calm state his Captain was in. The constant ringing and yelling, the pleas for help, the unrelenting weight of blame that he had carried from the day that he had returned home with Steve was getting heavier and heavier.
“Marco…?” he proceeded to say after a few more steps inward. The dust shifted under his heavy boots, with each thump on the wooden floor there was a small puff upward.
“Steve-” He gripped his arm instead, pulling himself closer.
Tony snapped his teeth before he fired, head falling to one side, body shaking for one last moment before falling still.
“Come on, come on…” he murmured desperately, trying to fix the screw back into place, which was hard when his hand kept changing.
“Tony…” Steve trailed off yet again. “You do have a heart, even if it’s assisted by that metal glowing thing under your chest, you still have a heart and it still beats. You’re the most caring person that I’ve met. Look at how many kittens we’ve saved, pal, that’s all because of you.” He smiled reassuringly, noticing how Tony’s eyes seemed to light up again.
Tony scoffed, “You’re the first person to say that, ever.”
Everything after that was a blur.
Soon Doctor Doom would have his own efficient minion. It was only a matter of time.
“Go go Stark-…” He had to think quick, he needed something to reflect the beam.
“Tony!” Steve called after him, struggling to run with the weight on his legs, but managing a firm, heavy footed jog inside, immediately covering his mouth to shield himself from the smoke. It was devastating to see what was once his home now collapsed and broken with nothing left.
“I’m sorry…” Tony whispered.
Tony was just about to open his mouth when a man burst through the doors; if he used a little more force he probably would’ve broken the handle. “Anthony!” He yelled, “What are you doing? Why are you talking so loudly?!”
“Yes, in fact right now he’s heading towards Brooklyn.”
“That substance you just puked up over my clean floor is what runs through your parts. It’s a tube alongside your veins.”
They were all inferior. Every single person that doubted him and his abilities were inferior and unworthy.
“Well look at it, it’s pretty beat up, but I think it’s a hospital. I vaguely remember it being one, a makeshift one when the explosions started taking place. They needed more hospital facilities in NYC,” he explained.
“In my defence-“ Detective Stark chimed in “-The first guy I didn’t know was afraid of heights, the second… He shouldn’t have used so much product in his hair, I didn’t know he’d be a walking fire hazard, the third guy – now
“We’ve got it.” Steve replied, gently scooping Hank up into his arms.
Steve smiled faintly in return. “It’ll be fine. Let’s get going. Splitting up the team was a wise choice, we’ll get more done this way, there’ll be far less damage done.”
“You have no idea who you’re talking to... Now tell me. Tell me!” Tony’s voice raised an octave every time he yelled, sneering.
“There’s something inside me Tony.” He whispered to the screen, lowering his head a fraction to count for that inch difference in height.
Steve was walking the hallways because he’d just had a dream which rendered him unable to sleep; a loud booming voice, “Find the angel, find the angel, return him home, find the angel.” The voice repeated in his head over and over. It had gotten to a point where it was getting so loud that he jumped as he woke up. It wasn’t the first time he’d had that dream either, it was reoccurring and had become more frequent as of late. He couldn’t just ignore it so he continued to think about it as he walked along the empty hallways, with everyone sound asleep.
“What’s it doing to him; he looked like he was getting better!” Tony shouted again.
“What do I have to do to prove myself to you guys? Honestly now,” Things were starting to get more desperate on Tony’s end, mainly because he knew time was of the essence. “As for the labs and chemicals, the Peter I knew used to get whatever he needed however he could. Why haven’t you raided one of Oscorps labs yet? I’m sure they have a dozen; logic dictates that’s what all these building are, right? They hardly look like housing potential unless you’re into sterile environments.”
“Keep your eyes… On the screen…” He whispered.
With a great frustration and increasing anxiety, Steve nodded in understanding and began to resume his pace toward the quarantine doors. “I want to be out of this as soon as possible.”
And then there he was.
Tony sighed for a moment. He regarded Steve, observing the sluggish movements and hearing the dark groans that persisted. “When we
“I wasn’t but hey,” he said with a shrug. “Fine, you, me and Janet, we’ll get this taken care of. T’challa, can you keep an eye out and tell me if you can see if you’ve got anything else on the system. I’ll have Rhodey clear the air for us so we can make sure that no civilians get injured if this thing does go off then at least the surrounding area is safe.”
“Danny and Luke are going to meet us there too.”
Biology wasn’t his forte, but he would do anything to help his friends in need, particularly if that very friend was the man who he wanted to spend most of his time with. Most was an understatement, he wanted to spend the majority of his life with him.
“No Steve, you earned it. And I like it, it rolls off the tongue. Captain Steve Rogers…  Don’t worry, it won’t be long.”
“Ready.”
“That’s what you said last time, and now look!”
“I’ve got you…”
It was one of the most interesting speeches Tony ever had to make, alongside the lab assistants to help him deliver it. The hardest part of it all was when he had to tell Steve that his friends had died, and Bucky had died during that explosion and was considered KIA. Surreal was the word, especially since it was as though he were talking to a living doll. That speech of course came after the soldier had shot up in bed, tugging off every wire, ripping them off as though they contained some sort disease.  He scrambled, tried to escape and it took about 8 people to try and hold him back, but Tony refused to treat him like an animal. He negotiated with him, said he could leave as he wanted as soon as they talk. The Captain agreed, but blamed his compliance internally on his disorientation, using this talk to bide his time until his head cleared and he could at least gauge where he was and how he had gotten there.
“Steve!” Tony called out with a mix of surprise and pleasure, his lips upturned into an intrigued smirk.
There was the gentle hum of Christmas music in the background, the crackle of fire, the sizzle of the turkey. As opposed to Tony’s rather sleek way of setting things out, this seemed cosy and warm… It felt like a home.
He hated Hammer. He hated him even more now. No, in fact, hate didn’t quite sum up what he felt – more like a boiling rage was settled in Tony’s heart.
Just as he was carrying a box outside and had placed it on the lawn, his arm began to seize up. Suddenly a jolt of pain surged throughout his body starting from his arm and coursing its way up his shoulder, causing him to blink a couple of times. When he did blink he managed to see images – strange images being relayed to him. He could see fire, chunks of the ceiling collapsing on the ground, and then a blurry image of a door. With those hazy images beginning to compile themselves in his mind, he realised where exactly it was; the lower laboratory. The rush of panic that lingered in his system from the images almost resembled fear. He had to shake off whatever emotion he’d felt for that moment and take those flashes as a warning of some sort, following his gut and running back inside and toward the lab. If those images were right, the door would have been blocked so he tapped the wall next to the door and drew his bionic arm back. With a powerful thrust forward he punched the wall, repeating the motion until the wall crumbled.  Along with the power he’d put into that punch he ended up tumbling in amongst the pile of broken bricks, low and behold he fell right next to the door that was blocked by a burning chunk of metal, wood and other components that once formed the ceiling above, along with the wires that lined the ceiling. Electrical fires were always a risk; if those dangling wires caught fire then they could snake up into the entire electrical system.
Their bodies were melded together on the mattress, after hours of pleasure, Tony never being more grateful for both of their extreme stamina thanks to the serums they both had injected into their bodies, but he had never met his match, not until today, and boy he had never been as grateful as he was that moment. The feeling swirled in his stomach, he they both knew that they weren’t going to last.
He distracted himself by trying to repair some of the bots that Steve had trashed when they’d gone in to perform maintenance checks and procedures (apparently he certainly
“I’m on it Cap! Just let me handle these—“ He threw a solid punch at one of the things, “—ugly bastards first.”
have been outdated, there was something he could never lose, and that was his faith in humanity over technology.
“They used to, yeah. More people live actually in the city, it’s easier to ‘recharge’. Like I said, most people have augmentations now so they need to charge up at night. That curfew in place, well, it’s set by the government to ensure that everyone ‘functions’ well.”
“Go go Stark x-ray shades. What do you think Steve? Stylish
The smell of popcorn wafted up Tony’s nose. The faint chatter of the news caster that he was sure that he had once dated prompted him to groan, he sincerely hoped that she wasn’t there in that house again, that was the last thing he needed to deal. Was he hulliciating? He could’ve sworn that he was getting food a moment ago in a hurry until he was thrown into a dream world that reminded him strangely of Dream Vision, but then he was overthinking things; he didn’t know what was real and what wasn’t until—
Steve pulled Tony closer, gently his raindrop covered lips brushed against the man of his secret affection. He wasn’t going to die here, but if anything ought to snap Tony out of the control this was it – this was his last chance – a confession. His breathing skimmed over Tony’s skin, his hand pulling him closer to just skim his nose against the tip of Tony’s rounder one.
“I thought you liked me.”
Jarvis tilted his head, ears flopping and clanging against its metal parts.
Steve reached for the dark haired man, gently tugging him into his arms and raising him up. There was that brightness again, the wings of the Captain spread around him. Tony’s eyes drifted to his own foot that rest on the bed, only to see that it had completely healed. There wasn’t a drop of a blood, not a single trace that there had ever been a wound in the first place.
“Guess I don’t really have a choice huh?”
The Green Goblin stepped out, tugging down his dark purple glove to reveal his monstrosity of a hand with a switch drooping in his palm. “I’m sure you know what this is, Tony Stark!”
“Let them…”
“Uh, I’m fine!” Steve held a hand up.
“You told them?!” Tony stared up at him, rattled.
Then they finally reached it, after traversing the city, with no malfunctions so far in his basic suit which was a plus. Things seemed to be working well, even better since his power supply seemed regulated and the suit was moving in sync.
He was always so understanding, even when they argued, Steve would come across as though he’d clearly assessed both points of view. Tony scooted to the side, allowing Steve some space to sit next to him, though Steve approached with such tentative steps and sat slightly distanced from him, careful not to sit on the wings that were drooping lazily across the sheets, unable to support themselves.
“With improvements, of course. You can thank me later,” Tony beamed before delivering the knockout punch, sending the frail, evil genius to the ground. “The great thing about these is that my hand doesn’t hurt at all after that. I would’a thought hitting something as bony would’ve, but no. Great, right?”
“Your fingers hurt, Parker, that grip of yours is going to destroy my complexion when you rip off my pores.”
“So this entire thing…”
He was so proud that they had finally done it.
“It was my pleasure, and I’ll continue to keep the city safe from crime! Along with my partner, Steve Rogers.” Tony announced, enjoying the limelight and relishing in it ever so proudly with the man standing next to him.
Tony stared at Steve who was busy looking out of his window, tentatively tapping his shoulder. Steve jumped out of his thoughts and blinked at the detective.
Now he fell away from him, falling faster and faster, soaring through the sky as his eyes stared at the man he had grasped. His reactor flickered from trying to distribute the power, his repulsors dimmed.
“Steve!” Tony groaned in pleasant surprise at how daring and risk taking the Captain was, enjoying every single moment. The wet touch followed by the sucking, then Steve’s hand slipping down the slim V of his hips until he could feel the cold press of the gel by his opening, making his hips flinch. Steve continued his concentrated luxurious kisses along Tony’s skin that tasted of a mix of heavy musk and watermelon.
“Like I said, smarter.”
“You’re forgiven…” Steve mouthed in return, though he wasn’t entirely sure how much he meant it. But with the pain running through his body and the inability to think clearly beyond it, he appreciated the temporary silence in his mind whenever Tony would stare at him in that way, staring at him with a genuine care and consideration and that alone provided him with warmth beyond anything else in that room.
“That’s my goal.”
“Cap? Cap..?!” Tony spun around only to watch the star spangled man become cloaked by smoke. Then it came their way, the explosion.
Love, passion, desperation all melded into that one moment as he poured everything he could into that lock of lips.
Steve grit his teeth and kicked Hammer down with a mighty thud, but Hammer didn’t stay down for long. Rocket turrets popped up from the side panel of his forearms, and he began blasting at the two.
as possible. The longer we keep him here, the less likely he’ll cooperate with us.” There was an air of professionalism about his manner but that was mainly an excuse, he just didn’t want Steve to be subjected to tests any longer than he should be.
Six days without sleep was almost unheard of for a human being. There wasn’t one person that could out-last Tony Stark and his immutable insomnia in the entire tower, and yet Steve seemed to do it without even realising. Tony had grown past thinking that it was just the serum keeping him awake, coming to the sad realisation that it was indeed something much more than that, a realisation that he didn’t want to make.
“We need to go into that tower… We need to take down whoever is in charge. They’re hurting our friends, Steve. They’re killing them, they’re turning people into killing machines through chips in their brains… And they did…” He stopped, taking a deep breath and glancing up from the part he was working on. “They wiped your mind and turned you against me. Never, never again. We’ll find out who did this to you. I swear to you, I swear on my life that I’ll never let that happen again and I’ll do everything I can to take them down!” He nearly shouted.
“W-what?! No, you- you said we’d be in this together!”
The armour stepped closer to Tony, backing him in a corner, but Tony wasn’t just a man in armour – he was more than that. He tried to kick it away, tried to knock it back as it loomed closer and closer, but as he found out first hand; punching a 10,000 tonne robot was probably not the wisest of ideas, especially with his already damaged arm.
“12!”
The sun rising, a new day.
Everyone jumped away from their little huddle and grabbed their things, ready to track down Tony and that robot.
Tony’s words echoed in his mind and he broke the kiss, breathing softly. “I want this…” Steve found himself saying, his eyes opening to a half lid.
“What happened to them?!”
Steve was excited to be working with a new partner, especially one that seemed eager to do some good. The first time he’d caught a glance of his new partner it was from outside, just as he was flying in he caught a glimpse of those pearly whites and perfectly ironed shirt and bright azures that may or may not have distracted him. It looked as though he were working with a human ‘Ken’ doll. Nonetheless, Tony just followed Steve’s instructions for the time being, observing, eager to correct the newbie when he spotted a hiccup, after all that would
As he plugged it in, a recording started to play, but a strange sensation went through his body first. Fragments of Tony’s memories flashed through his mind just briefly, his soul was in that chip. The mere feeling made Steve’s heart beat the same way as when he stared into his eyes.
Elegant as always.
Tony shook his head, holding his arm out for Peter to follow wherever he pointed, trying to ask him to move wires and then place the chip exactly where Tony told him to, then carefully closed it as instructed.
“No, not as of yet.”
Something strange was happening to his wings…
He made his decent, taking each step in its own stride, slowly, cautiously, head snapping toward any sound that was made including that of his own footstep.  The lights flickered and lit just enough for him to see where the next step was, before the bar of light next to it would shine, alternating, clearly motion sensitive activation.
“I was in the process of trying to find your body, it had taken years, but I was still in search of it. If you weren’t alive well… Then that’ll just mean all your superheroes would be rejected tests. Not to worry though, I would still be in charge, with my chips in place. I would’ve just preferred to have an army, but no worries if I didn’t – I can handle this all by myself.”
The man in the hot-rod red suit shot a repulsor ray straight at the large bald man, “Ever heard of not manhandling someone like that, chrome dome!”
“So, you’re the new one from Brooklyn?” The gritty voice asked.
Steve brought Tony closer. There was something about what he had just said to him that made his heart flutter in return, he could feel it drum quickly, and rather than kissing him right away, he pressed the tip of his nose to the shell of Tony’s ear.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh at Tony’s dramatics. “No! No, I just liked it back then, a little more than the black and gold you wear now. Though I should be glad that there’s still some gold, after all, you
“Don’t mention it, Captain.” The computer distorted voice replied. “We make a good team.”
That was it.
Tony’s fingers carded through Steve’s soft, blonde hair with yearning, trailing down toward the nape of his neck and along. He urged the man closer until their clothed hips pressed together. Even through the fabric he could feel how much Steve wanted this, how much he needed his body completed again.
“It’s getting into the system!” Tony yelled.
Even Tony’s words seemed hollow at this point to a man that had resigned himself to his fate, lost in profound confusion.
Just as he did, the umbrella poked out of the top of his hat and of course, spread wide open, Tony had to angle his head toward the beam – it didn’t deflect them but it certainly protected JARVIS, until the umbrella was nothing more than a couple of rods of wire.
“Kill him!!” Norman shouted, wanting to watch his foe meet an untimely demise.
“We need to disarm it Cap, or the guys down below are gonna die!”
It was a privilege for them to have shared their experiences, with each story told he felt their bond become closer and closer. That and Steve had no trouble opening up to Tony, and vice versa. It had only been a week of them working together and yet they were already so close, it even took Steve by surprise but he embraced it. He loved Tony’s attitude, as much as he teased him for it and often got snarky comments and terrible puns in return, but what wasn’t to love about that?
“Never mind.” Tony brushed him off. “Anyway… So, that was the accident, and now you know and realise how valuable these schematics are. That’s why I need to keep them secure.” Tony stood up and paced over to a huge machine, pressing a few buttons and tugging out a small disk, holding it up into the air. “These are the schematics. Now that you’re my partner you need to know too, to keep them safe at all costs. Reed’s here to help us, and you know how fantastic he is, he’ll keep them under lock and key as he has this whole time.”
“D-dizzy…” Steve said before collapsing to his knees, Tony quickly knelt down next to him and wrapped his huge metallic arms around Steve to keep him upright.
“Oh…”
“Everything happens for a reason. You won the war-”
“It’s hard to believe, in fact I don’t at all.”
“You okay there? Your leg…”
“So this is where all the pillows went?” Steve asked, tilting his head.
Steve’s body rubbed against Tony’s, their bare and muscular bodies. Steve’s hands couldn’t get enough of Tony’s beautifully olive skin and how heated it felt up against his own particularly when his palms flattened over each dip of Tony’s defined abdomen which he found particularly and inexplicably attractive, but the thin fabric of Tony’s briefs, and Steve’s boxers meant that he could feel
“Why, thank you, Captain.” Tony smirked back at him, winding up his bionic arm.
“Tony…” He whispered in a hoarse voice.
Steve and Tony deflected them, standing back to back to knock the swarm away, that’s when the Captain needed to make his move, sprinting toward the costumed evil-doer and throwing up his leg to kick him down, forcing him to the floor with an easy hoof.
The main computers were easy to access especially since he’d recognised the numbers on the screen. They were the same passcode as the reception desk, and after typing the familiar string of numbers into the system he had managed to log in. They both stared at the screen with anticipation, wondering if they would finally get answers as to what was behind this and how to destroy it, as well as the name of this supreme leader. All he knew right now was that they’d managed to get the bad guys to work with them. So it must’ve been some new conglomerate where they were all compiled into one.
“Yes sir, I am. Brooklyn through and through.”
If I could, I’d flip a three sided coin, they probably exist nowadays.
Everything was dark again.
Tony showed no signs of stopping, but still Steve continued to call out to him.
Steve was about to make a noise and charge after them when Tony grabbed his arm and used to him to stand up, hearing the doors slam. Steve crawled up and began to run after the sound and smell, scratching at the door and snapping his teeth at it, ready to tear it open when he was distracted by another sound up the stairs.
“Are you ready?” Steve asked.
Cap did as he was told, still nothing. Janet was mid-wire cutting when the wire that she had just cut sent a surge through her body, making her yelp in pain.
“By the way, that pest control thing, it made no sense at all.” Tony remarked, firing his repulsor with quick speed at the missiles that came his way.
Of course at first glance it looked like just a regular island, but Tony’s scans revealed much more than that. He slowed to a halt as his boots skimmed the surface of a hillside that was covered in lush greenery, just looking as though it were a normal hill enclosed in the countryside which seemed rather typical for the area. The thrusters dulled to a spark and then finally his feet touched the grass with a light shift. Instantly he turned his head from side to side, taking a couple of more steps forward and then kneeling as his faceplate slid to the top of his helmet before the entire thing slipped back into a compact that fit neatly around his collar. The fresh country breeze skimmed through his dark hair, pushing it back in a gentle wave. He sighed, unable to prevent himself from inhaling how fresh it all was which was considerably different from spending so much time in the city, not that he would trade that lifestyle for anything else in the world. His hands felt around the terrain, through the blades of emerald grass before his gauntlet finally latched onto something. “There’s no escape from Detective Stark.” He muttered to himself, pressing the hidden button and then punching in a security code whilst using his internal decoder. When they called him Inspector Gadget, they weren’t really kidding, his suit could do anything he wanted if he so chose to.
He took a sharp breath before sitting up and groaning loudly, feeling particularly old especially after he heard the crack in his spine when it straightened inside his suit, rummaged around the hospital room and pulled out some medical supplies. Luckily enough he found some aspirin, at least which would deal with the pain for now. Swallowing the chalky tablets and then coughing soon afterward, he pulled the box of medical supplies toward Steve and placed them on the floor.
There was a silent exchange between them it seemed, and even Peter was shocked. Usually by this time it would be firing its repulsors at anyone that it deemed a threat. But maybe he’d spoken too soon in that case.
He sighed and continued, explaining, “There’s a bomb planted in the centre of New York City. But whoever did it, wasn’t planning on being discrete about it. It’s huge, right on the top of the Empire State.”
Upon thinking about it, Steve decided that it was worse looking than a potato, much worse, actually. It looked like a prune with its crinkled skin and oval-like body, its eyes were small and beady yet its mouth was huge and filled with crooked, jagged teeth that shot every-which-way. His voice sounded like a cat when it was being brushed the wrong way; a wrangled screech of a tone.
“The scanner wasn’t working and—” He couldn’t just say that he had a moment whereby he was struck by empathy, and knew that Steve
Steve shot Tony a typical eye roll, expecting him to finally spill the truth. “Is that what you were hiding from us?”
“Yeah, I saw.” Tony rubbed the back of his head and got to his feet. His helmet was still in the room, and he needed it to keep safe.
The cameras flashed as the paparazzi flooded around the gate of Doom’s mansion, the loud sounds of shutters clicking as they took photo after photo of Chief Fury by the gates, standing next to Reed Richards who had already been escorted out of the mansion, wrapped in a trauma blanket with a beautiful blond woman cradling him lovingly (though truth be told, she did look annoyed when he’d first been taken out of the mansion, but Tony could tell that annoyance was with love). Steve and Tony both walked out either side of Doom, holding the man in special cuffs that Tony had made for just the occasion.
“Once we go home, I’ll get you fixed up
To Tony, the kiss felt so real, so vivid. Once more he repeated internally that he didn’t want this dream to end, as strange as it was. Eventually he pulled back, gasping for air and looking at the Captain’s flushed cheeks.
There the man lay, muscular, beautiful, despite all of the technological enhancement, staring up with powerful eyes and that powerful expression. Steve’s hands continued with the light fondles, making Tony blush lightly especially now he was touching his length, each touch exciting him more and more. He took a moment to appreciate his body, but it was hard to when he could feel tingles of pleasure when Steve caressed his excitement. Tony let out a deep groan when the Captain’s fingertips moved to caress his inner thigh instead.
“Not bribe… Okay, bribe. But listen, Steve, hopefully this is your ticket out of here! We can’t see if we don’t try.” He explained,
“O-oh…” Janet said, putting her hand over her mouth for a second and gasping, the others stepping behind her. There was a mixed reaction of sighs, giggles and then there was Johnny taking a picture on his phone and sending it to Peter with the caption: “Told you they were married.”
The team stood, respectfully, all seemingly eager to take down their assigned target. But there was a quietness about them, an uncertain shift about their movements that indicated that there was something making them uneasy, but none of them could quite place what exactly was making them so unsure. Carol turned to Steve, as did T’Challa, as though he were to confirm Tony’s orders.
Fury knew what Tony was expecting and rolled his eye, groaning even before he’d started talking.
He was inaudible.
“Get out of my face, tin man!” He barked, growling and flashing his clenched teeth.
Steve scrambled to his feet, displaying his agility from his practices, able to flip himself up from being thrown to the ground with ease. He chased after Tony but the man in armour had managed to reach the first set of doors and then let his armour drop off, the sterilising mist filling the chamber before he was let out of the second, being greeted by a robe which he fumbled on in a hurry. He was scared, absolutely petrified. His entire body was still shaking as he bolted to the window to see Steve throw himself up against it, snapping his teeth a few times, trying to scratch at the window before pulling back with a loud groan.
“Steve…” Tony spoke in the smallest of voice, so fragile in the larger grip.
want to hear about any further developments in terms of Steve’s status. Yes, he’d keep an eye on him…but now the changes were too obvious. The Steve in confinement was clearly becoming a different Steve…a different sort of Steve than the one Tony’s heard yearned to have back.  The day after the attack, Tony had watched when Reed allowed food to enter the room. Steve had lunged at it and tore it apart with his teeth, as though it were a living animal. The hunter’s instincts were taking hold; Reed was fascinated by the way that Steve acted and how much it contrasted with his regular behaviour.
His body trembled, it quaked with the realisation that he had broken Steve. Slowly but surely the colour was returning to Tony’s eyes as he pulled Steve closer. The rain danced along his features, droplets trickling down his temple.
“Shut up with your soldier talk.” Tony said, lifting his hand and brushing away a tear that escaped as he looked up at Steve, then seeing faint white wings that weren’t solid, they seemed like reflections of light that just spread around them both as Steve held Tony. “...T-those are a hell of an upgrade to the ones on your helmet...” Tony stuttered. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing; an angel, a real angel and not a mutant. Steve was dead; he should be rotting in a coffin, not right in front of him with wings sprouting out of his back, wrapping them around him. Though, the second he felt them, his heart suddenly felt lighter.
Tony Stark is a robot in a world of giants. He’s a young little robot, which was only created a couple of months ago by Howard Stark. Howard had created him but put him through rigorous testing until the little robot couldn’t stand it, and Howard with much disappointment, put the little bot in the corner of the room where it collected dust for the rest of its days. Unbeknown to him, the sense of AI that he had built within it had become so developed since the robot was so advanced, that the tiny robot had developed feelings of sadness. He wore a large set of armour that initially was created with such love and care, even though when Howard had gotten bored of him, the robot had to fend for itself, oiling its cogs, changing them, tinkering as much as he could to stay alive – A large round red head with a golden faceplate and cyan glowing eyes, accompanying a large clunky body to match, that was the bots appearance. However, no matter what armour he wears, he always lets his glowing heart show – the little reactor that keeps him going. The reactor nearly stopped working when Howard had thrown him to a corner quite carelessly, but he used a couple of scraps to keep it glowing brightly which went unnoticed by the one person who it wanted to impress.
His fingertips tentatively squeezed at the boot, then relaxed, eyes searching for Tony’s now violet rimmed blues. “Tony…” He could see the resistance in his face; he could see Tony desperately trying to fight whatever was in his head.
Janet pulled Steve and Tony closer together, pushing them lightly toward their new guests.
“Where can we put her?” he asked his voice low.
He watched the man hovering in the air and shut his eyes, not wanting this to be the last image he saw of Steve. Steve was his guardian angel; he was his rudder, his support. His hand reached toward him, trying to obtain the unobtainable.
! We’ll get her down in a jiffy, especially now that I’m on the case.” He hovered, floating up to the tree. “Now kitty kitty, see, I’ve got whiskers too.” He gestured to his goatee, before a leaf brushed by. The cat was approaching Tony, taking slow cautious steps on the tall tree branch whilst Steve observed keenly, worried about Tony when the leaf brushed by his nose again.
T’Challa and Hank were working while Reed was taking a little time away from the labs (as per an agreement with Sue). They both were talking amongst themselves. It had been a long time coming; a conclusion to this all.
Arc reactor technology was powerful; it was a generator on its own powered and created as an adaptation upon the theory of cold fusion but without the nuclear aspect. Although he had attempted to rewire it to his new augmentations the integration wasn’t entirely successful. He had to keep in mind that this was different technology, this was a new generation that he was mostly unfamiliar with since it was well… The future.
The dog let out a small huff and let Tony do his job. The detective leaned closer to the device and pulled it off the wall, the lights in the building slowly coming to life, beams lighting up again, the alarm starting to sound once more.
“We did it…” He smiled.
A master tactician that couldn’t hang a simple punching bag or fix a chain, how absurd.
“Any time, Tony.” Steve smiled briefly, his hand brushing by the back of his head. Perhaps the Captain was more self-conscious than he had thought, clearing his throat afterwards in subtle embarrassment.
Steve knew it was now or never, he needed to pull out all of the stops this time, but as he cupped his hand around the outside of Tony’s jaw his heart aching with desperation his eyes darted toward the two figures standing by the balcony of the factory, the Purple Man holding out an umbrella with Hammer standing underneath it with a smug look and a square device in his hand.
“Let’s get this show on the road,” Steve said in the same style Tony would usually, to get him back into the mood. The small gesture didn’t go unnoticed; it made the worry fade a fraction from Tony’s features; a smile tugging at the corner of his lips as he took to the passenger’s seat. JARVIS barked happily, his tail extending into some sort of wire and plugging into the car, all Steve could do was watch as the car came to life – blue lights flashing around the complicated screens that popped up and decorated the windshield.
“Uh-uh, I wouldn’t move… Unless you want your face fried, Captain. Your will power may be strong enough to keep my powers at bay but I don’t think you’re strong enough as a whole to withstand a repulsor blast from your ‘friend’ at point blank.”
“This was a hospital, I think.”
“Who are you and where the hell did you get that suit?” Carol barked.
Tony stared up at the azure eyes that met his own, seeing the crystal brimming by the tear ducts as a single tear managed to roll down his beautifully porcelain cheeks, cascading over his structured cheekbones and then fell onto his own destroyed armour, tears he was trying desperately to withhold. It was as though he were watching an angel cry which was possibly the most heart-breaking vision he’d ever witnessed.
“Wow, he’s going by his last name? How ominous.”
Tony decided to distance himself just a fraction, though there was only so much he could pull away considering he didn’t want to break the hand-hold he had going with Steve while they were walking to meet the others. “Maybe.”
Steve stood, taking his place by Tony’s side. “You heard him team, we’ll take them down one by one. If you see someone is done, you move on to help your nearest partner. Try and call help too, I’m sure we could get a whole force going if need be, but I don’t want to unnecessarily call for help. Keep in communication, use the radio as much as you can.”
It was easier to tilt his head upward since he didn’t have his helmet. As he did, he was reminded of the injuries that he’d incurred earlier, that sharp pain shooting down from the base of his neck down his spine. With a quick cringe, he shook off the pain, catching sight of Captain America handing the boy over, and the jet flying away. He needed to catch that jet up, and now the decisions were starting to weigh up; go and help Carol, follow Steve or save Peter.
“The supreme leader, that guy in the towa’, he’s got a radar. Huntin’ people with it. Get me and a couple o’ fellas off it and I won’t kill ya.”
“I… I know it was a kiss but…” Once more he was at a loss for words, only with Steve. There was something about that kiss, something deeper and more meaningful than any other kiss he had felt in his life. It reminded him of those cliché cartoons where one person would kiss the other and suddenly hearts and rainbows would surround them, with birds singing and happiness filling the air. Well, if that could happen in real life, it would’ve happened that very second. Real life… Was this real? He questioned once more, was he really dreaming or was this all real? It couldn’t have been, not with those huge golden wings fluttering around him, watching the fathers change along with Steve’s skin tone to match the rosy red of his cheeks. It didn’t match up, it didn’t have the extremes his dreams usually would have, it seemed too normal – all asides from the wings. He stepped back a little, wincing as he stepped on a loose screw from one of his gadgets that he was working on earlier, and he winced with pain, suddenly falling back on the bed, out of Steve’s grip and looking at the small cut that formed on his sole as it started to bleed. He rubbed it, eyes narrowing as he cursed himself for being so careless. It was a real injury, he was bleeding, he’d felt pain. He was awake.  This wasn’t a dream.
Steve had spent the entire day exploring the city, and was absolutely exhausted. Going incognito so he wasn’t recognised was rather tedious, even though he was out of uniform; kids had their way of figuring out it was him. He enjoyed going to the Smithsonian and watching the kids run around his exhibition, as surreal as it was. Then he’d get the occasional glance from nearby kids that’d recognise him, only to place his index finger to his lips and accompany it with a smile which would result in either one of two actions; their jaw dropping to the floor or a smile that was returned.
“That’s a morbid view on things, but I do understand what you mean. Better than you imagine.”
Steve’s eyes widened and he turned to Tony as though he’d just snapped out of a daze, staring at his hand then at the punching bag, rubbing his head.
When Steve was first taken to quarantine Tony would try desperately to maintain communication but it seemed that Steve was so overwhelmed by the situation that he fell silent, despite Tony’s constant efforts to talk and comfort him, the soldier was clearly not at ease. So the second he did talk, Tony’s head snapped up toward the muffled voice, reaching for his volume pad and turning it up higher so that he could hear Steve much clearer. But part of him wished that he didn’t turn the volume higher, the words that came out of Steve’s mouth only added to the stockpile of guilt that was gradually gaining more and more matter.
He whistled one of his favourite tunes and walked into his building, noticing only then that everything was pitch black. JARVIS ran in first, barking mechanically, his eyes lighting up and projecting a flashlight as he sniffed around, searching for clues.
“Tony…” Steve whispered, parting their lips to see the man instantly push his head back, instead he wrapped one arm around his lean body and then took Tony’s chin in his hand.
Jarvis seemed shocked and blinked a couple of times, rubbing the back of his head with his white gloved hand, “I am sure there would be no problems in that, sir.”
Tony’s hand cupped the side of Steve’s face. “Beloved, you’re going to get better…”
Carol stepped out of her car, striding up to Steve and taking Batroc from him. “You two are in big trouble, you know this wasn’t your call.”
“It goes two ways too, so I’ll call you.”
“Whoa, someone’s hungry. An entire bucket all to yourself Cap? Where was my invite?” Tony was stunned at the amount. On the other hand, he should have learned by now not to doubt or question the appetite of a super soldier.
Tony wanted Steve to smile at that, at least let out a small chuckle but he didn’t even spot so much as a flick of the corner of his lips. The man was dead set on getting Tony to pull the trigger.
“I’ll catch.” Tony said. Steve nodded with agreement as their eyes crossed for a fleeting moment.
Tony’s breath hitched, he winced, and then whined, his body tensing despite the command as he felt the cold kiss of metal slowly ease its way into his body. It was just one finger, one deep, long finger. Tony’s mouth opened and he sat up properly, arching his back ever so slightly.
“What’s the deal with this place?” he asked.
He scooped the engineer into his arms and rushed him over to the computer system, resting him against it. Tony mouthed instructions and Steve listened ever so carefully, just watching the way his lips moved, ripping out the panel with his might and adjusting wire to wire, clipping each one to the reactor, or what was left of it.
as they reached the top floor. The weighted silver doors opened and in front of them was the hoard of bots they were expecting, geared and ready to open fire.  Arrows shot through the window, firing and picking off a couple of bots – Clint was doing his work well.
“Well…only Steve and Luke have used it. I was trying to figure out what might be wrong, but I couldn’t find anything in the programming. I’m thinking I might have to rebuild the damn thing.” Tony eyed Reed carefully as his sense of territorialism sprang to him, nevertheless, he attempted to swallow it.
The last thing Tony could remember was leaving Steve at the designated drop-off point, waiting until he saw the Captain charge in full-force before following Hammer’s signal to the factory.
“I know you do, Winghead.”
“No idea but… He’s not around here.”
“He shouldn’t be out here when there’s a curfew; he’s probably running to avoid the spotlight patrol, same as us. Let’s go and help him escape from the spotlights, get him back to his home.”
“The Tony I knew wouldn’t walk around with that sort of hobolicious hairdo. Now, tell me you li’l terminator, who are you? Don’t make me angry...”
“Number one, don’t mention magic. I hate magic. Number two I have eight doctorates. Eight.”
“Where’s the fun in that, Cap?” A cheeky grin followed, but Steve couldn’t really see it, not when he was so focused on trying to get the bomb defused.
Tony glared up at the bot, feeling an intense sense of déjà vu, considering how it had acted toward Rumiko in the past. He wouldn’t and couldn’t let it happen again. “Stop!”
“Yes! Usually I work from my own building, but ever since…
“I hope, at least.” Tony said, just before the loud clash of thunder was heard overhead, right above the mansion. He jumped, teeth clenched tightly as the ringing echoed through his ears like a bell that had just been struck, that was until the Captain’s hand reached over and firmly grasped over his shoulder, giving Tony that reassuring squeeze that he so desperately needed.
“You’re catching on now.” Bemused as he was, he stared up at the man that had saved him countless times, and Steve peered down at his own saviour.
“I need you to come with me.”
With a shake of his head he detached himself from Steve’s arm, but the man seemed relentless in the pursuit of Peter. His boots gained more momentum and kept him upright with a small hitch before he began to soar through the sky in his dynamic, straight posture toward Steve. He did manage to catch a glimpse of the round shield on his back, clipping his fingers around it and yanking it off Steve’s back and holding it up.
Tony narrowed his eyes and focused on the harsh expression that he was receiving in return.
“Carol…?” Peter whispered, his eyes saddening at the sight. “What did they do to you?”
Immediately he pulled out his director’s badge, mentally preparing himself and then swiping his card through the reader only to see it flash up a red light instead. His eyes narrowed and he swiped it again to see the same beep. Two lab assistants walked toward the door with their expressions promptly overcome by consternation when they who was standing before them.
Steve couldn’t hold back a snort.
Steve wrapped his arms around him and held him close, shutting his eyes blissfully.
“You do?” Steve asked with a small inflection.
“Aw, why’d you stop? I was enjoying it.”
“Relax…” Steve whispered.
Tony held his hand to his mouth, not so discreetly whispering to Steve, “This feels like the guy you’re supposed to beat before you go onto a boss battle in video games.”
They watched people pass by, snarling and trying to reach through the fence only for the tourists to take photographs of them.
wouldn’t hold back.
Shock, disbelief and that sick feeling pooled in Steve’s stomach after every word he was told. With every word Tony spoke he had to provide evidence, because if the Captain was anything like him, facts and proof were extremely important for validation.
Tony quickly shoved the figure back into the drawer and put the false bottom over it before Howard had the chance to walk over to him. His eyes filled with fear and he backed into his chest of drawers, knocking over the lamp that was balanced on it and flinching the moment that the bulb shattered upon impact.
“Tony?”
Tony winced, crying out as he tried over and over to fight whatever this was invading his mind. It felt like before, like that dark power slowly dragging him into the abyss again, he had to fight it, he needed to.
find an alternative that supersedes the one prior.”
Steve could barely see now the lasers were gone, everything was dark aside from the faint blue light that seemed to be emanating from under Tony’s shirt. His hand clasped around Tony’s shoulder. The young detective smiled back at Tony before flicking his cap, just when he did that a light blue bulb lit up in the centre of it.
The question went both ways.
“How dare he touch you.” The armour spoke, backing up its own AI into the SHIELD database before absorbing the data. “You are mine. He does not deserve you. Decrepit outdated waste of life, the test subject that should have been eliminated. He is a failed subject, you are the superior subject, and you are the perfect subject.”
Who thought an inspector and a cop could have ever fallen so in love.
him to be was providing him with the same thrill.  “What makes you think you’re so valuable to me?”
“Night, Steve.” He finally plucks up the courage to reply, waving as he turned to his own room which was conveniently next door.
“Malfunctions.” Tony replied. “This is after well… I have a serum, like you, in me. I should’ve told you sooner, but it’s supposed to heal me too, like you.”
Steve’s fluid pencil movement halted mid-line, turning his head to try and get Tony in his vision. “Why?” He asked cautiously, a low hum about his voice amplified with suspicion.
As much as he didn’t want to follow any of Tony’s instructions, part of him knew that Tony wanted the best for his team mates, after all that low inflection in his voice was a tell in its own. He walked in front of Tony, not saying anything but just leading him. He knew better than to just walk out in the open like that, they had to stay close to the walls, staying in the shadows and ducking whenever searchlights came their way.
“Then I’ll heal you completely, every wound, every pain, every nightmare – I promise you, I’ll take them all away.”
… I’ve been working alongside Tony, helping build and develop him into the man you see today; part man, part machine. He’s a perfect mix if I do say so myself, I’m quite proud of my work and I’m sure he’s a valuable asset to the rest of the department. He is rather unique and involves constant improvement. My calibration techniques assist Tony in performing far more efficiently.”
“Please, Reed, for once listen to me. I know you and the others have had your ideas and I’ve been going with it, but I can’t sit here and watch him suffer. We’re keeping him here and giving him food shouldn’t be harmful, it looks like it’s helping him. You must have heard that phrase- feed a cold starve a fever? Maybe he’s got a cold, let’s just go with that.”
“Wait!” Steve called out, trying to listen close. He was sure he could hear them using their loudspeakers, but it wasn’t a usual call to pull over.
He squinted a little blaming it on his tired hazy vision but as he crept closer he noticed that he wasn’t breathing at all. Slowly but surely he placed his hand just under Steve’s nose only for Steve to open his eyes and bat at Tony’s hand.
The radio began to crackle before a song finally played.
“I’m still not buying it Steve.” He said in an unimpressed tone.
Fury was content with what he was seeing, as sad as it was to keep a national icon like a caged eagle cooped up in this place, he knew it was needed. It would heal him, he convinced himself. With that he backed off from the screens. “Make sure he gets home, safe and everything is kept as it is. Minimal changes and we can start the adaption process once he shows mentality stability and the symptoms of PTSD decline.” He would salvage his mentality if it was the last thing he would do.
“I love you so much…” Steve replied finally, once they had settled themselves back into the cool mess of sheets, staring ever so longingly at the man he had just made love to.
“You need to…” He coughed.
They had managed to down six or so passers and around three cops. Steve could hear the sirens in the distance, as did Tony. Tony still had the sense to try and get Steve somewhere safe, although his need for self-preservation was vast fading he still had a little bit left of his survival instincts. He had managed to cover some ground with Steve, tugging him into the safety of a park and walking down a path with them. Those nearby knew from the screams that something terrible was coming and had evacuated the small surrounding area, including that of the park nearby, after all the events that the people of New York had gone through they had learned that when they heard screams they needed to hide – Skrull invasions, killer robots, alien attacks, incursions.
“Gosh?” Steve asked, taking a few steps closer.
“Go go Stark rocket boots-!”
Then he could smell it; a wonderful smell, like a freshly cooked steak.
“Excuse me sir.” It spoke.
Gradually, Steve pushed himself to his feet. “What’s the matter with you, Masters? You’ve not been as chatty as you usually are… No taunts? No ‘aim of Hawkeye’ or ‘just like Cap, but better’ quips?”
“Monopolising the industry since I wasn’t there to compete and industries like Baintronics weren’t interested at all.”
“Fight it, Steve.” Tony had said this the first time, and said that over and over, using the super soldier’s own words to help him. Over the course of that day, the deterioration of Steve’s mental functions accelerated. Tony had glanced over the monitors; T’Challa arrived and concluded that that Steve was returning to his primary and basic function. His mind may have not been as developed as it was, but one thing it knew it wanted was to sustain itself. The basic survival instinct, hunger, was amplified a hundredfold. Although it seemed as though Steve’s body didn’t need food in order to survive due to the lack of functioning within his organs, as the soldier having been reduced to the sort of walking dead who clearly shouldn’t have been able to function in the
Slowly he leaned closer, doing what Tony had once done to him, pressing his dry lips to Tony’s moist ones. He felt the stubble of his beard tickle his upper lip even as he breathed into him, his hands cupping the man’s face. Then there was a movement, and Steve opened his eyes to notice how Tony’s foot seemed to wriggle. Then they returned back to the dark haired man’s face only to see him looking up with wide dark blue eyes. He pulled back, looking at Tony who grinned in return and then pouted.
The inspector shrugged casually. “What? Guy has a potty mouth, French is a beautiful language and it’s being abused.” Not to mention he didn’t like anyone swearing at his new partner.  He turned his head from Steve and adjusted his hat, looking down at the sparks flying from his arm.
Steve crawled into the large fortress of pillows and saw Tony, curled up in a huge duvet, sitting cross legged with an attempt at looking somewhat regal.
That was just before they heard another sound coming from the distance.
“I know…” Tony sighed heavily, his head lowering with distain. “I saved as much as I could, but we’ll see how much actually survives when we’re back.”
The memory of seeing his team engulfed by that explosion made him feel ill. He sat up and coughed, placing the seemingly newly acquired metal appendage over his mouth.
His eyes shot open and his lungs flooded with oxygen when he gasped, air with the faint taste of ash and dirt tingling his reawakened taste buds. The air was thick, and it felt like it had to be forced down his lungs to be processed. Tony’s mouth was still agape as the blurry images that flashed before him took a while to form into shapes. Eventually, the silhouette of the bald dark skinned man became clearer. As always, that one-eyed glare bored into his soul. He choked on the thickness of the air, sitting up and hacking heavily, eyes shutting with the sheer force.
The systems had shut down the moment that Tony had commanded them to. By the time that they had finished eating the rest of the corpses in the room, they were able to make their way to the door. Tony scratched at the metal plates trying to open them. He knew that scratching would do no good, but when he tried to grab the handle like he normally would he found he was unable to – it was as though his brain wasn’t connecting with his body. He continued to rake his fingernails across the surface doing more damage to his once perfectly manicured nails than to the door itself.
He shook his head with a woeful smile, “We’re the same now… I guess.”
Affectionate couldn’t even touch the way Steve’s voice sounded right now.
“See you tomorrow, Tony.”
Steve’s lips turned from worry to the warmest expression he’d felt in a while, his face actually hurting from smiling so much that day. “Good night, Tony.”
He sighed deeply at the loss of his friend, trying to not let it wain on his conscience too much, and began navigating the same way through the rubble as he had entered the first time. Though it did occur to him that jumping through the broken window that he was dragged through earlier was probably a shortcut. Either way, he didn’t want to risk hurting Steve on shards of glass in the process.
“So is he helping with these operations?”
“What she said,” Hawkeye followed.
“What now?” He asked with a heavy sigh.
Steve had his head turned to one side as the symbiote trailed over a small cut made by the glass. “It’s nothing, I assure you.”
“Thank you, Tony,” he repeated, though with much more affection to his words.
Tony could’ve sworn for that second Steve could see through the one sided mirror and was looking directly at Tony.
Tony looked at him, giving Steve a hesitant look before unravelling his fingers from Steve’s shirt and reaching up to touch the light that surrounded Steve, it was strange; he could feel more than just a warm light. He felt soft, delicate strands that seemed to move with Steve’s breathing.
Tony smiled, starting his propulsion system in his boots and soaring up with the much heavier armoured man in his grip. Steve kept on the look out for the numbers that were painted along the inside of the walls. He tilted his body a bit toward the walls, just so that he could use the light from his own reactor to make things a little more visible.
him. He was scared, he knew it would be painful but he would trust Steve with his life.
The truth was that Tony had never been complimented like that by a partner of his with such a genuine kindness. There was a loud drum in his chest that grabbed the attention of Carol and Steve, looking at him curiously before he tapped over the centre of his chest and attempted a smile to deflect their attention.
Tony’s eyes welled up with tears, but it was as though he was trying so very hard to restrain them from flowing. No child should ever have to hold their tears back like that, Steve thought to himself. His eyes were fixed on Tony with concern, kneeling down next to him, “Tony… I’m sorry, Tony I am… Please… I wish I could help you…”
“Great.” He nodded. “Come on Steve, let’s go and get Reed back!” He grabbed Steve’s arm, tugging him toward door.
“Go back up…” Tony pleaded.
“Tony!” Janet called when Sue, Reed, Ben and Johnny had shown up to join the celebrations. “Tony! Come on, he’s
Waking up to the sound of helicopters flying over wasn’t exactly the wakeup call that Tony was expecting after a night of passion and lust. He groaned and pressed his face closer to Steve’s, kissing the super soldiers cheek, eager to see his eyes flutter open. His body shivered as the cold winds wisped through the broken windows. It didn’t help when he moved closer to Steve, considering the metal legs that his own were tangled with were only colder against his skin, making him shudder again but just clutch himself closer to any source of warmth. Steve’s torso was the best bet, making him chuff like a tiger as he nipped at Steve’s skin.
out, yet alone him. This did a number on the Juggernaut a long time ago, and now it’s been refined.” Hank implored Tony to consider, gesturing over to the vial that was just perched on top of a Bunsen burner; the gentle blue flame danced beneath it to cause small bubbles to rise from the top. “Once that’s settled in, it may delay the decay that’s occurring in the Captain’s brain. At minimum, it should freeze the physical destruction that that the lesions on his skin are inflicting to the surrounding tissue.”
“Of course Tony! I’d love that, to spend a little time with you outside work.”
“What do you mean?”
Steve was bending forward and vomited out a huge amount of black ooze. The sound was absolutely putrid, yet alone the sight, enough to make Tony’s stomach turn. In fact, he was sure he threw up a little in his suit. Quickly he rubbed Steve’s back. “Better out than in, huh?”
Steve stared at the screen at the small hologram that Tony had made appear, which showed a small x-ray of the bomb.
Peter stood in front of Carol, trying to pick her up again as the woman writhed and punched through the webbing, punching past the boy and up into the sky, her eyes glowing a bright red.
Steve took a couple of steps closer to him, casting a shadow as he seemed to loom with his large stature, “Tony...”
Panic was an understatement. He felt intense pain just from looking at it that made him yell with shock, screaming into the sky. Tony’s tools were his hands, they were his most valued treasures, his real genius and outlet – his hands were his everything and now one of them had been taken away from him. He should’ve counted himself extremely lucky that it wasn’t his dominant hand, to be stripped of something he valued so much made him quake with fear. Internally he wanted to count his blessings, but it was hard to when he was riddled with agony and sadness, bitterly reminding himself that ‘it could be worse’, that didn’t work even in an ironic sense. He was much more vulnerable without it, not that it was the only thing on his mind at that point; he was scared, afraid of what had happened, afraid that he was unable to prevent it—afraid that he was unable to save Steve.
Tony swung around. “I told you all to get out of here!”
“What about it?” Tony replied innocently, casually.
“Listen, I don’t blame you for them… For Jessica and Carol,” Peter felt the need to say, seeing how much the man was suffering and knew for well that he didn’t deserve that. In fact, after such a long time, Peter was happy to have him by his side and even more relieved that he wasn’t a fake that was sent by some other entity.
“Let’s do this. Drop me off just by Taskmaster, I’ll meet you when I’m done and help you with Hammer if you’re not done before me.”
“A little busy Cap!” Carol replied.
“There are various blips turning up on the radar, let’s just say this isn’t going to be a walk in the park,” he replied, arms hovering over the screens, glad that he was just in his black under-suit, appreciating the freedom that it gave him to shift attention between monitors.
“Got it… What about… Shellhead.”
“I’ll get them for you, I’ll be right back…” Tony darted out of the room but mainly to get fresh air for himself. Once he was outside he took a deep breath and found his back hitting against the wall of the hallway, placing his face in his hands and scrubbing them down his face. His breath hitched and he actually felt sick, but he had to reassure himself that once Hank was here that it would be better, that it would get better.
“He’s new to the force actually. He became the pet project for the police after ‘
“Yeah, silly.” Steve said with a chuckle, stepping closer to him with his wings fluttering happily at the statement and the wide dark blue eyes that stared back at him.
Steve could feel his breath catch, not daring to tear his eyes away from one second. Although his friends had tried to fill in as many memories as he could, it just wasn’t the same.
Steve shook his head, “You know, anything can love.”
“It feels like a big part of me is missing,” Tony replied bluntly, “I feel like I’m part of my suit, to be honest.”
“I’ll fly so high in the sky that no one can hurt me. I’ll take Jarvis with me too. We’ll fly away from here.” He said with a firm nod.
It couldn’t be, the man himself, the original super soldier from those relics that he would call comic books and action figures, it couldn’t be the very man he had worshipped growing up as a child just lying there on that long bench, skin as pale and a fragile looking as a porcelain doll. He was still, beautifully so and would look utterly perfect if not for the wires that were threaded around him, attached to him, making him look as though he were part of the machinery.
“There’s not much we know, and we’ve tried to use all the medical expertise we can. Although it’s limited. You see, everyone with super powers and super enhancements seem to be doubly as effected. Therefore, the deterioration of their brain seems to be more severe.”
Again, no reply.
“Yeah, it’s an expression—“
Tony couldn’t stand and watch Steve hold himself like that, he had to go, pulling back and taking huge quickly paced strides to his lab to get his suit off as quickly as possible. He was suffocating; he couldn’t breathe, not after
“And keep each other safe…”
Tony slipped off his faceplate, and the rest of his armour followed obviously except the parts that were attached, and placed them in a rag of a bag that was lying around. It was more of a sheet, but fashioning it into a bag wasn’t rocket science. Actually,
“And yet… This is our first giant robot that we’ve had to deal with.”
“So that ringing in my ears I would get…”
“I can do many things, Tony. You know who I am, don’t you? You know what power I have? After all, I am the supreme leader of this place, such an apt title for someone who is ultimately superior to all of you street walkers.”
“Damn, I wanted to try a British roast, oh well, there’s always tomorrow.” He said, looking at the clock on his monitor before touching down. He didn’t land on the coast, it was an island that was off the coast, near Wales, but it wasn’t that hard to spot. Judging by the jurisdiction that SHIELD had over it, it was probably a man-made island, and those were a cinch to find considering the analytical capabilities that his suit had, it just took a single glance to find it.
“Cap—Steve..!!!” He yelled.
“As you can see, Victor Von Doom had been plotting against us, the events that have unfolded have all been due to him and his dark intentions to destroy the city to overrule it. He will be dealt with and sent to the Negative Zone prison facility, as far from the city as possible.”
“Don’t mention it, Shellhead.” Steve shot Tony a thumbs-up. “Everyone, keep moving forward! How’s Carol doing up there?” Steve held his hand to his ear piece; the short distance communication device that Tony had fashioned their old radios into given the electrical systems were disrupted by the storm that loomed above them.
It was when he was walking that he had managed to catch his reflection in the glass. Tony had switched it to the one sided mirror so that the engineer could peer through but Steve couldn’t see back, though Steve didn’t know that. All he knew was that he was being given his privacy at that moment but the opaque consistency of the glass allowed the light to reflect off it and thus his reflection was seen.
“Can I borrow your knife..?”
“If I’m honest, yes. Not afraid to say it, Cap. I’m not afraid of that intimidating stare that can make Stark melt as soon as you shoot it at him. This is between them; we need to keep out of it unless it gets too heated. Even so, they’re both grown men, they’re best friends, they’ve gone through more than you can imagine so it’s best to leave it be.”
His hips bucked up one last time, crying out Steve’s name. Simultaneously the sight of Tony climaxing over himself and Steve being able to feel the stickiness between their bodies over his own abdomen made him deliver one last powerful thrust, gritting his teeth and finally releasing in him, slumping on top of the man in sheer exhaustion. Tony fell back into the mattress, then let out an added ‘oof’ when Steve fell on him, nuzzling him with tenderness.
The repulsors shimmered brightly as they gathered more power, knowing this would be the last of Norman Osborn. The fight had led to this. Take him down, save the world, free them from his control.
“There’s no time to be sure,” Janet interrupted, using her stinger to cut the wires, drawing out the copper innards from the plastic casing and then placing them together as told.
“Stop it Steve, stop talking nonsense. You’re tired, I’m tired, that’s it, that’s that, leave it at that will you?” Tony said, rubbing his temples as he turned and looked at Steve, who had this strange look upon his face. It seemed sad, depressed, his eyes even slanted like a sad puppy as he lowered his wings. It was then he began to doubt himself, was he really talking nonsense? Steve glanced to the side as he started thinking about whether he should’ve just kept quiet. A man who stands for speaking up, no, he was right in what he did.
With his eyes fixed on the road, foot pushing on the gas pedal a couple of times to rev up the old engine that seemed to more apt to spit back at him rather than revving (it was an old car, so it took a few tries to get it to purr) before he floored it as hard as he could. The car zipped down the road with Tony sticking his hand out of the window to make a blue alternating light with the one that was in the palm of his glove, sirens blaring as they practically flew down the road.
“Well I got an alert that someone was in my lab so I was woken up…”
“A selfie?”
“Steve?” Tony tilted his head. “Come on wing-head, don’t go quiet on me now…”
Steve wanted to touch every part of Tony’s body and couldn’t hold back his hunger, pulling his lips back and trailing down kisses along the edge of his jaw and toward his collar bone, nipping possessively. Tony happily obliged with his head tilting accordingly to allow Steve more room to pleasure him, his hips gently rutting against the other man to show his intent which was met with a happy murmur to Tony’s flesh.
Steve made a low pitched growl, but instantly moved to shade Tony’s eyes with his forearm.
He pushed his barely clothed hips against Steve’s, rubbing over the fabric, trying to figure out in his mind how this would work.
Steve sighed deeply, feeling sorrow for the robot as the butler, Jarvis stepped back into the room, opening the door.
“I.. I can’t… My legs!” He wanted to yell more, but he knew that he had to at least stop Tony, hinder him somehow before even attempting to rattle some sense into him.
“I’ve wanted this for so god damn long…” He whispered.
If Taskmaster was tied up, Steve could get to him later. Steve pulled at the tight wire-lined ropes and wrapped a loop around Taskmaster a few times, then around the lamp post, before making one of the tightest knots he could muster around the back of the street light.
“Tony?” Steve sat up, the blood rushing to his head – Tony who was leaning on him rocked a bit, swivelling around on his backside to regain his balance while he was still seated.
“Tony, this is the best course of action. I know this may be hard on you since you were there at the time, and you and Steve are extremely close. This time, you
“No!” Tony screamed in disbelief, the blood spilling from the corner of his lip even behind the mask. “I saved you! Steve, you’re not his technology. You’re Steven Grant Rogers, you’re Captain America, you’re the hero of America! Snap the hell out of this!” Tony pleaded with pure desperation, tired and sore. “Please Steve!”
“Shh, JARVIS, I’m trying to find out how the power went out here.”
The boy began to lead the way out, thinking whilst he was walking about possible places to go. “All this time I’ve been moving from alley to alley, staying hidden. The longest I’ve stayed was in the place we found you in, it was pretty hidden. We stayed in the alleyways… The further out we went the more in danger we were. To be honest, I haven’t been out this far in a long, long time.”
T’challa stepped out of the scanner and decided to peer over Reed’s flailing limbs and began trying to evaluate the statistics himself. Tony sighed heavily as he placed the circuit board down completely and took a spot next to the two who seemed extremely perplexed by the results.
For a brief second there was relief while all four of them stood in the enclosed space, the soft hum of peaceful elevator music filling their ears and making a distinct change from the sound of rapid-fire coming their way. Tony allowed the breath that he was holding all that time to escape.
The tough
“No, tell me what the hell is going on!?” he shouted, only to be muffled by a red gloved hand that was firmly placed over the mouth slit.
He jogged over and held out a hand to the man, though at that moment he was questioning what part of him was really ‘man’, first he flew into the office, then he had that thing poking out of his head and just moments ago he flew up to the tree with those mysterious jet boots that Steve was pretty sure only existed in the movies that he liked to watch.
“Shut up,” the dark, gritty voice said from the shadows behind him.
After a moment of thought he reached up for his helmet, ignoring the warnings as he lifted it completely, placing it down. The stench of rancid rotting flesh flooded his nostrils and caused him to cough, turning away and placing his hand over his mouth to stop himself from gagging. Still he felt himself heave and cough repeatedly until he was able to adapt to the smell, overcoming it and turning once again to face Steve. The cold hit his skin and made him shudder, commanding his suit internally to heat up a bit. Slowly but surely he eased off one gauntlet so he could get what he desired; the one (last) touch.
“I’m afraid so, but at least now the Captain can rest, and is fully sedated.”
Tony wanted to kiss him there and then. His heart filled with glee, the spark returned to his eye just to see Steve alive and well. He wanted to throw himself at him but he was still too guilt ridden to do so – not when he had reduced Steve to this, he couldn’t. Even though it felt like his chest was going to explode with emotion.
“Ever since you started using that suit your attitudes changed.”
Doom’s fingertips traced along the ears of the feline in his lap, downward delicately until they reached the tip of its tail which it flicked up to try and meet as much of the cold metallic touch as it could.
Steve fanned his hand at Tony. “Get in that car, Tony. Go home and get some rest. We’ll need it, especially when we show what you’ve changed the car into to the Chief.”
Loud explosions nearby, the commandos taking the ground, the smell of soot in the air and gunpowder even this high up in the air.
There it was, right in front of him; the broken hospital. He turned his head slowly toward the park, seeing nobody there, nothing, just broken slabs of concrete where the previous fight had occurred. Now Carol was missing too, probably captured by these government officials.
“Clint used to be in the circus too, that’s when the guys picked him up as a youth offender and turned him into the fine strapping policeman you see before you.”
When Tony’s reactor began to stabilise instead of flicker, Steve pulled the wire out and took a deep inhalation of breath, carding his own gauntlet covered hand over his hair and pulling out the chin piece so he could move his mouth properly.
“When the military were trying to cordon off the disease, try and contain it, they bombed everywhere. Napalm, manly. Millions of casualties. It wasn’t any good, not at all. You know what that meant? More augmentations for those affected. ”
“Don’t do this.” Steve said, in a softer tone, though every time he spoke it seemed as though his voice was echoing.
I would scrub my hands every day until my skin was red and raw to try and get the blood off them, constantly seeing it swirl around my drain in the sink as I would wash it. Steve’s blood, Rumiko’s, everyone who I had ever killed or hurt because of my reckless actions. I should’ve confessed, I should’ve told him how much I loved him but I only wanted to protect him…
Tony tip toed a bit, he was only inch shorter than Steve but it made the world of difference. Just as he reached he lost his footing and nearly fell, that was, until Steve quickly moved behind him and caught him, holding him in his arms.
“That’s it Tony, fight it.”
He held up the shoes he’d found. “Let me help you with these.”
The mirror complied, and displayed a zombie version of Steve. The captain stood before him, decrepit; clutching a piece of his own brain in his hand. Tony’s face quickly formed a disgusted expression. “Out of the question. Next.”
“I’m here Tony, I’m right here.” Steve reassured him.
He needed to fix himself.
“Where, Steve?” He asks, as though he were intent on helping out. Truth be told, he was more into the supervising gig, and watching helplessly whilst his home was destroyed in the process of decorating.
he just had a few broken bones is all…”
He didn’t pull back. He didn’t want to pull back. Soft lips accompanied by the strong waft of cologne and elbow grease combined to form an extremely alluring moment, mesmerising even. He could feel every ounce of desperation and emotion poured into that one touch of lips, and that alone made the spark in his heart brighten and burst into flame.
Tony took that silence that followed as a sign of no protest. He kissed the rose coloured lips in front of him, locking their lips together and tilting his head, his arms wrapped around the super soldiers broad shoulders, giving them reassuring rubs from time to time. He shifted in Steve’s lap, intensifying the kiss by tilting his head once more, breathing in deeply, and then exhaling through his nose with a loud huff; breaking it to only lay a strip of wetness with the tip of his tongue, gently easing back into the movement.
you say it.”
Steve walks up to him, kneeling down and holding the box up to Tony, flicking open the lid.
“Shut up, Stark.”
“Tony... I’ll never leave you, I promise. Whenever you feel dark, whenever you feel low, just promise me you’ll just... Be strong, just remember us, remember what we had.”
Tony took off his large round shoulder pad and began to use that as a large scoop to shovel out the dirt, taking the other off too and handing it to Peter. The boy stared in surprise, but with that he could see that Tony was truly sorry for what had happened. The two shovelled a large pit that was perfectly square, though not as deep as he would’ve liked, but that being said he didn’t want to be trapped in a grave either. It was shallow enough for both of them to climb out of. Once they were done Tony held Jessica by the feet, Peter held her by her shoulders and supported her head and they both placed her down, climbing out once more and looking down at there. Without a word, there was a mutual moment of silence where they just stared down at their fallen comrade. Tony had been to many funerals in his time, but each one managed to hurt him more and more, but nothing would top the day that he buried Cap.
Within a blink of an eye it was as though someone had flipped a switch, they stood up with their mouths wide open and frothing, leaping toward the two armoured heroes like rabid animals.
“Trust me…”
JARVIS barked and pointed the way with his ears.
Bucky’s arrival was the most exciting thing that’d happened to him in a month. Everything else was extremely mundane, Steve was trying to look for a job after doing his service, but day after day he found nothing. Instead he would sit in his room and draw, maybe go to the bar, but everything seemed the same, every morning seemed the same. Mornings consisted of a small run around the block, and morning paper and coffee, then a trip to the gym and then lunch at a diner. The same routine, the same passers-by, the same smiles and nods, tilts of hats and subtle waves and giggles from schoolgirls passing.
She-Hulk snatches the tree from Luke with one hand and moves it to where she sees fit, Luke growls and grabs it back as though they were tussling with a Styrofoam tree and plants it closer to the unlit fireplace. Jennifer flashes another look of anguish but grabs the plant and places it where she previously did, so hard that the floor quaked a little.
The same went for Steve; he couldn’t stop staring at Tony’s flushed expression, his wide mouth, head back, his heaving built chest rising and slumping, calling out for
Steve extended his hand to the man. “Steve Rogers, pleasure!”
. “How’s he gotten worse, though…?” Tony asked.
All of Tony’s work with the Avengers was now blown to smithereens.
“Shh, it’s our secret.”
“Tony…” Peter said with worry.
“You okay Tony? You passed out in the hallway with a tonne of food in your hands…”
He had to scour each dune with exceptional detail in an attempt to find what he was looking for which after an hour of searching, he’d managed to find hidden as expected. Nothing was out of the ordinary unless they were dealing with Doom. Tony rolled his eyes; Doom chose to stamp his name on everything with his rather garish, yet medieval, choice of décor expressing itself in whatever structure he would build. That included his hideouts, which made them obvious to find. This, on the other hand, was like a searching for a needle in a haystack. All Tony knew was that it was Zola who had his hands on Steve after intercepting him on the soldier’s return back to base.
“It seems that it was… Inspector Stark again. Tony Stark.”
Steve looked at it sadly, “Can I have it?” He asked.
His eyes began to focus, slowly, on the figure on the floor in front of him, kneeling down as he could feel Steve’s glove touch his face, pushing back the black strands of floppy hair that were matted down to his damp skin.
When he’d returned on from his first day on duty he was surrounded by the four that had greeted him in the staff room; all demanding details, but Steve wasn’t one to talk behind a person’s back so he just nodded and shrugged most of the time, regaling them with stories about wacky cat owners.
Reed stood with papers in his hands, taking his place by the desk. “Anything unusual?”
“Tell me while I’m working, what is this radar?” he asked, wondering if Masters knew more specifics. “You worked for Osborn didn’t you? Once upon a time.”
Black ooze dripped from the area that the syringe was still plunged into, and Tony took a few steps closer in disbelief. Maybe it was a reaction that Steve’s body was having to the chemicals after death, he reasoned hastily. A few more tentative steps with his heavy titanium-clad boots, ignoring Zola’s laughing in the distance. Every sound in that moment was tuned out…the only thing Tony heard was Steve’s body rattling the chains. Then he could hear something else; he could hear a gurgle of a voice deep down, coming from Steve’s throat.
His head went from side to side, trying to spot the billionaire – he caught him running into one room that was always locked that had piqued Steve’s curiosity once or twice. Quickly he followed, only to be bombarded by smoke again, coughing loudly as it flew into his face.
“Where’s Cap? Janet? Clint? T’Challa?”
The first few weeks of the process were the most complicated and involved installing a new type of machinery that Stark Industries had only just brought out, but SHIELD wasn’t happy with the regulation machinery. Of course, they had to adapt it and modify it for their purposes which involved an array of mechanics tinkering with the inner workings of it all to create a simulator that could create the surroundings that they wanted. This wasn’t just for training or recreation of something small, it was creating an entire world dated back to the 1940’s, all in the head of Steve Rogers.
Steve swallowed heavily, his eyes fixed on them and then suddenly Tony turned around, noticing the sound of shifting feet. As soon as he saw that it was Steve, his guard lowered a little. He was just about ready to grab his suit; taking him by surprise was never a wise move. Tony had suffered from post-traumatic stress ever since he was first taken captive, and the following times didn’t help either, resulting in terrible nightmares and extreme paranoia in most cases. Though when he saw Steve standing there, he could swear for a second, the way that the light was shining from behind him with his muscular silhouette blocking the way, that the light formed two large wings behind him. It looked so angelic, so much so that Tony rubbed his eyes in disbelief with the back of his hand. He hadn’t been sleeping well at all, and clearly it was making him delusional.
Steve brushed the rain away from his face, but rogue strands of hair had still managed to find their way under his cowl, without a choice he lifted it and pushed it back. His usual perfectly parted golden mop was now in disarray; a mess the second that the cowl was lifted. At least he could push his hair back, slicking it into a neat wet coif with only one or two strays adamantly poking out. He tapped the comm device that was lodged comfortably by the corner of his ear, an edge pinned around the shell that lit up when someone was trying to communicate with him. He tapped it once only to receive static in return, the white noise making him flinch. The static took a moment to clear before he heard the hazy, frantic buzz of Tony’s voice.
