“I liked you better when you were in California.”
“Don’t Dean, that’s one of my favorites.”
“This isn’t shit Dean, this is what it is.”
“Was I an idiot?”
“It’s beautiful,” Cas whispers, his eyes flicking towards the backseat and his tongue wetting his bottom lip.  The meaning there was something that Dean did not miss.
Dean’s quiet for a minute, trying to think of the best way to allay Cas’ fears.
“That’s amazing, Cas.  Congratulations.”
“Ah whatever, as long as she’s having a good time I’m all for it, but I will probably end up fighting a parent or two, they’re already vicious about the team being ‘good’ and it’s like…they’re four.”
“What-”
“Hello Dean,” fuck Dean missed him.
Cas doesn’t say anything, just takes the glass of water and chugs until water runs down his chin and neck.  Dean swallows.  He’s fine, this is fine.
“Be with you in a second,” he calls towards the front, sticking his phone in his pocket and looking around to make sure the place looked presentable.  It did, of course, because Dean was always here to keep a clean shop.  He heads towards the front and almost drops dead right there, because there was Cas, dressed almost identically to how he had been a year ago, ripped jeans, a t shirt, that fucking coat.  He looks at Dean, looking wary but not cold anymore, and Dean wants to run out the door right then and there, because not only was he terrified of getting hurt again, he was terrified of messing this up again.
“You are ridiculous, Dean,” Cas’ eyes are bright and still watery, and they don’t break apart, holding contact with their fingers for the rest of dinner, Dean trying to maneuver his fork with his left hand instead of his right, but he’s not, under any circumstances, going to let Cas go.
I was shedding it like a skin.
Most nights, Dean would get too drunk.  About half of those nights he would wander out into the woods, Cas following, keeping his distance, making sure Dean couldn’t hear him.  He would stumble into the same clearing every time, fall to his knees, and scream to the sky.  He would scream yes to Michael until his voice gave out and he passed out on the ground.  And every time Cas would pick him up and carry him back to the house.  He would set him in their bed and pick up a book or some sewing or something.  He never came to bed when Dean was drunk, those words that Dean had said all those months ago ringing in his head.
“It’s a northeastern tradition!”
“How’d it-”
“Eternally,” Cas responded, and Dean had had to shut his eyes as he walked out the door, feeling like he was being pulled in the opposite direction.
“Alright, eggs and bacon it is.”
Dean’s bleeding, and Cas doesn’t even let himself think, he summons every last bit of grace he has left in his tired body and blasts the Entity back.  He barely registers the ripping sensation coming from the skin of his back, he can’t dwell on it.  It buys them a minute.  Maybe less. Cas hauls Dean up, who clings to him like a drowning man clings to a life raft, clutching his other arm to his side. Cas tries, as they move as fast as either of their bodies will allow toward the dungeon, to muster the energy to heal Dean, or yell at him for getting in the way.  He finds he can’t manage either.
One last kiss, and the door closes behind him.
“Come to the bedroom?” Cas gasps as Dean peppers kisses down his neck, feeling his pulse thundering beneath the skin.
Ash returns with a broad grin still on his face, so Dean has some hope that he’ll escape death by Pamela.
“But she does have a house, and an actual yard.  Some quiet space where Sam could-”
“Anna,” her name is a warning in Cas’ mouth.  He stands taller than normal, his eyes are stormy, and Dean really wants to kiss him.  Probably inappropriate to do in the middle of a crowded restaurant, in front of his siblings.
“You’re the one that came looking for me.”
Dean listens to the trees rustle outside their window for a while, trying to find the words.
The crowd is on its feet the second they see them, everyone is cheering, and Dean can’t take his eyes off Cas, who meets his own, and Dean really feels like nothing else matters, like he can’t hear or see anything else.
yes,” Dean exclaims enthusiastically, already jumping up and grabbing his wallet, “What do y’all want?”
Cas looked at him in surprise, before seeing the smile curling around his lips.  He smiled back and headed back towards the house.  His hands were cold and he couldn’t feel his ears, but his heart felt warm and thrummed in his ears.
So he resolves himself to go to this show, catch Cas afterward and just lay it all out on the line.
Dean ends up leaving Cas’ place not long after breakfast (long enough for them to fuck one last time on Cas’ crumb-free bed, don’t worry).  He picks up his bag and gives Cas a long, slow kiss, trying to savor the moment, because he didn’t know when he was going to get it again.
We in the ~angst~ now homies.  How we feelin about all this?  I'd (of course) love to know what y'all think!  And I just like can't express how grateful I am for all of you reading this story, sticking with me on it, you're all amazing and ilu so much <3
Dean works hard, makes more friends in the old guys at work, sorta starts to feel like he knows what he’s doing (which is a good thing when you work in the US’s largest nuclear power plant).  He and the gang help Sam with homework, watch movies, make dinner.  Cas is always there, and Dean makes absolutely certain that their hands don’t touch anymore, because he can’t handle the electricity he feels with Cas, that he doesn’t feel with any of the girls he goes home with on the weekends.
Dean feels almost guilty when his heart jolts seeing the little dots, confirming Cas was typing.  He waits, breath held.
“Sam?” Dean whispered at his shoulder, starting at what his brother used to be.  He moved forward, but Cas pulled him back, Dean twisted and looked at him, terror and determination on his face in equal measure.
Dean smirked a half-smile that Cas associated with half lidded eyes and wet lips around his cock, not with the pleasure that came with torturing the life out of a demon.
Dean’s face was set.  Not that Cas thought he could change his mind, but this was really one of his more stupid ideas.
Dean rolls his eyes, mostly because he was being called out.
Cas huffs a breath onto his shoulder, tracing the indents his teeth had left there with his finger.
Sam kicks the worn carpet at his feet, his eyes on the floor.  Dean can tell he’s blushing.
“Yeah, okay,” Charlie rolls her eyes and Pamela laughs.
“Yeah, you are.  You also deserve to be happy, though.”
“What’s that Taylor Swift song you love?” Charlie asks before he can leave, “That early one she did about Romeo and Juliet?  That’s you tonight.  Star-crossed lovers.”
Dean raises his hand in the air, crosses his heart.
“Sure, if you’re having some.”
Lee’s quiet voice is reassuring, warm, something Dean’s not used to.  He meets Lee’s eyes, they’re the blue of clear water.  Dean takes another breath.
“You know,” Dean calls over, still swaying to the pop music that Cas had put on, “for a guy that’s in a screamo punk band, you’re really into top 40 music.”
Deep down he knows it’s bullshit.
“Yes, I think you’re very funny.  And the way you talk about your work is something that I think I could listen to all night, if you’d let me.  And I did come all the way out here on a Tuesday because I couldn’t get you out of my head.  I realize that I’m being very…forward, but, you did ask.”
“Nothing.”
Charlie sighs again, turning down the volume on the Battle of Helm’s Deep, so you know it’s serious.
“That was one time and it was a devised piece.”
They started preparations to move everyone right away, especially since the Croats were literally beginning to walk up the driveway.  Surprisingly, Chuck had really begun to step up and take control of organizing things for the move.  He was picking out which cars to take and what to load in which vehicle.
“Yeah, whenever you’re ready to bring her by we’d love to meet her.  I’m happy for you.”
He meets gangly Samandriel, the youngest and the chef, and he likes him best, he’s smiley and doesn’t look at Dean like he’s something to consume.  They end up talking for a little while about what they like to cook, and he picks up some good tips from him on how to slice vegetables for a killer ratatouille.
“Cas, come on.”
“You look very nice,” Castiel looks him up and down as he approaches from the train station down the block.  It’s kind of a rainy night, and Dean had no idea where they were going, but when he had asked if he needed to rent a tuxedo, he had been told that what he usually wears is just fine.  And Dean definitely didn’t go through like fourteen outfit choices before deciding on the one that made his ass look the best, so don’t even ask.  He’s wearing his favorite black and red flannel over a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and his favorite ripped jeans and boots.  He felt like being actually comfortable might make him less uncomfortable about this whole situation, because he was nervous as hell for this date, more nervous than he had been for any date, and that included that time he went out with Tara Benchley right when he first moved to the city.
Dean’s singing along with Zeppelin as he cleans up, closing the doors a little early since there was next to no chance he was about to get a walk in right before close.  Plus, he was fucking starving.  Benny left to take his daughter to soccer practice at five, it was Pamela’s day off, and Charlie had decided to get the flu because she hadn’t gotten her flu shot this year.  So, naturally, Dean had not had a dinner break at all and he was absolutely starving.  He was just thinking about what he was going to order when he got home when the bell dings behind him.  God dammit. He hates turning people away but he’s dog tired and just wants to watch
“Sorry ma’am.”
Dean whined loudly as Cas continued his ministrations, lightly ghosting the outline of Dean’s cock through his jeans.  Dean wanted him.  Fuck, he wanted him.  When he kissed him he tasted metal, almost forgetting that Cas had a triple lip piercing in the excitement of the moment.
“I did mean that, Dean.  I do mean that.  I just...I didn’t know how to say it,or if was even right to say it.”
, a voice in the back of his head tells him.
He clocks out, heads home, takes a long and blessedly warm shower, scrubbing the dirt and the grit and the grime off of himself before he shaves for the first time in like ten days, throws on a pair of his “nice” pants and a dressy printed shirt that Charlie had bought him after binging three seasons of
He rolls up to the plant with ten minutes to spare before the start of his shift.  Does it make him viscerally uncomfortable sometimes that he works at the largest nuclear power plant on the Eastern seaboard sometimes?  Yes, he’s seen
“Can’t anyway,” Dean chokes, tapping Benny on the forearm, “Come on man.”
Castiel doesn’t seem to notice that Dean is sweating actual bullets, he just leans closer so Dean can hear him over the thrum of the music in the bar, pounding like Dean’s own erratic heart.
“Like looks Dean.  Looks, personality, I don’t know, kinks?  Like what are we searching for for you?”
Dean had sworn he would never fall in love like that again.  It was too fast, too intense, too all-consuming, not like the deep simmer thing he had with Lisa.  See how that worked out?  Dean remembered Lee’s eyes, his hair, the way he said Dean’s name, and he had promised himself that he had found something better, and when Lisa had left the cold shores of New York for the perpetually temperate climate of San Diego, it took everything in him to not drive straight through the night, fall to his knees, beg for Lee’s forgiveness.  But you move on, you know, that wasn’t his life anymore, that wasn’t Lee’s life, and he moved on with the memory of Lee etched onto his skin: the rose, the letter L on his shoulder blade, the memories as fresh and sharp as if they had been inked on his heart.  His skin was his history, and he was unashamed of that, but showing his history, his soul, to all those that met him, that was something he had never gotten used to.  So he’d make up stories on their backgrounds.  He just really liked roses, he’d say, not telling them that the man that had put the ink on his neck had planned it for weeks, at stenciled it thirteen times, placed it four, had kept him in the chair in one session, only taking breaks to kiss him, to check that he was alright.  The rose was a visible piece of his heart that would never really heal, same as Lisa’s delicate name on his ribs that he had never had the heart to get covered.  He was terrified of falling back into that, of Cas becoming a piece of his history, a memory on his skin that he would never be allowed to forget.
“Cas.  Breathe.”
Cas just watched Dean, which pissed Dean off more.
“You would sacrifice your entire race on the vain hope that Sam won’t say yes to Lucifer?  Of course he’s going to say yes, no one can resist him.”
“Why do I have to bring the condoms,” Dean whines and Cas stares at him, pausing from his ministrations and causing Dean to immediately whine and writhe under him.
Dean’s noticed that his bathroom is the danger zone when he and Cas were together.  Whether they were dyeing his hair or simply moving past each other in the morning, the proximity heightened the tension to an astronomical level, so Dean feels like the air is thinner when they’re there together.  His heart races when he touches Cas’ hair, and he finds himself almost hoping that Charlie or Jo or Sam or Benny will burst in with some dumb joke or question so that the bubble will burst and he’ll be able to put his head on straight.  Most of the time, his touches linger around Cas’ hips, on the back of his neck.  He feels like he can’t control himself, like his hands are magnets drawn to Cas’ skin.
“I can’t, I have to get to the gallery, I know Hannah’s already there and I need to-”
Dean drums his fingers on the steering wheel,
Dean always said that Cas was too quiet, materializing directly him, but this time it was Dean that surprised him.  He appeared at his shoulder, looking out, clearly trying to see what Cas was looking at, and, probably, if it was a threat.
Cas smiles, Dean can’t ever get enough of that smile.
Cas sighs heavily, watching Dean, sizing him up.
“That makes sense I guess,” Dean avoids her eyes, toying with the edge of an afghan she has hanging over the couch.
Thankfully, Sam doesn’t seem to notice, just turns his attention back to
“I guess.”
Bobby paused.
Dean laughs softly, still holding Castiel by the front of his coat.  Castiel keeps looking for a long minute, and then, with a soft smile, he opens the door, causing the bell to ding again, leaving Dean with his heart beating erratically, and the feeling of Castiel’s chapped lips burned into his skin.
"The course of true love never did run smooth" - William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream
“Will this help you get over her?”
“What are they gonna do about it?”
“I love you too, Sammy.  Thanks for uh, yeah, understanding I guess.”
“I missed you,” Cas presses a light kiss to his jaw, sitting up and looking around.
Ash ignores him and heads to the back anyway.  He can barely hear over the Ramones playing through the shop, but he definitely hears Pamela scream “WHAT?” and then her telltale laugh.  He knows he’s gonna get his ass beat by her, and not in a good way.
Where the fuck did this come from?
“Thanks Cas.”
Dean decides, against his better judgement, to be honest.
Sam nods and rushes to the sink as Dean helps Cas sit up.  Cas is dressed for the club, his eyeliner had run slightly from sweat, his orange and black eyeshadow matched his hair, and he was dressed in his leather pants, which he insisted were very in vogue and Dean was just out of touch.  At least he wasn’t in his heeled boots, just converse, he would’ve broken an ankle for sure.
“You watching TV on mute?”
“Yeah, yeah.  I mean, Dean can’t keep his mouth shut about you so I’m surprised I haven’t met you yet.”
Right as Dean considers challenging Ash to an arm-wrestling contest (because he had been embarrassed at Christmas), Pamela stands up from the slanted desk behind the counter and slaps Dean’s tattoo down in front of her.
“My sister, actually.  She taught me in high school.”
“Hello Dean.”
“Don’t seem overeager.”
“No.  But it does if the guy you punch is an on-duty cop.”
“Your cooking is very good,” he continues, dragging his fingers slowly down the side of Dean’s neck, which, if Dean wasn’t so tired, would be enough to get him going again.
“Apparently.”
“No, I just planted the seed.  Mentioned to Mary and Ellen that you might like a birthday party.”
He parks by the house, not in his usual spot, he wanted Cas to see him there, no surprises.  He resolves to wait Cas out.  He has to come home sometime, and Dean has to see him, has to try and fix this, and Pamela’s words about fear echo in his head.  Cas is worth the fear, he’s always been worth the fear.  Dean was just too dumb to see that.
Pamela looks at Ash, who, completely unhelpfully, just shrugs.
“I already got the tickets so we can just go in.”
“To my family?”
They laugh at the echo of their words, bouncing between now and Purgatory all those months ago, when he had thought he had lost Cas…again.
“Ladies, this is my partner, Dean.”
“You can.”
“Holy shit,” Charlie gasps when they round the corner.  There are people lined up around the block, waiting for the gallery to open.  It looks stunning from the outside, with every pride flag hung in front, soft lighting visible from the outside.  Warm, inviting, safe.  Dean stares in disbelief at the crowd outside.
“Sam is a minor so he gets breakfast by default.”
“Quit whining and cut me a piece,” Cas smiles at Charlie, “Good morning.”
“Don’t hate on Scooby Doo.”
“Not right now, but now that Pamela’s spoken it into existence, a stranger could come up to this table anytime with a suitcase full of money and say ‘Benny Lafitte, this money could be yours, but you must be vegan forever.’”
“Well, so nice to finally meet you, Dean.  Come find me if you want to start having an actual good time.”
“Well, it worked, didn’t it?”
“I mean, the most fairy-tale esque movie can’t possibly predict what will happen next.”
Dean’s panic over meeting Cas’ siblings, at a party in Westchester no less, only grows as the week progresses.  Sam tries to console him, the guys at the shop have given up completely, and Dean is withdrawn, even Cas can’t reach him at times, but any time he thinks of backing out, he finds himself thinking of the sad little look Cas will get on his face when he mentions it, and he forces himself to buck the fuck up and keep going, because he hates it, absolutely hates it, when Cas looks sad.
“What did you do after?”
Dean swallows.
The words knocked the air out of Dean’s lungs.  He’s never been loved like this, never even imagined it.
Cas rolls his eyes, inching closer to Dean.
He’s so angry, he’s angry at Cas, angry at the situation he’s been put in, angry at his friends, angry that he’s a dropout tattoo artist that can never, ever be good enough for someone like Cas, someone in the top of the tax bracket with his ten million dollar apartment and his messy dark hair and his tan skin and those biceps that make Dean weak and his laugh and the way he makes noises at the back of his throat when Dean’s mouth is around his cock.
Benny and Dean end up being enlisted to help work behind the bar when it gets busy around ten pm, and Dean loses himself in the repetition of making drinks, flirting with everyone to get better tips, and getting smacked in the back of the head by Ellen when he was laying on the charm too much.  He and Benny even have to drag a guy out and toss him in the street when he tries to grab a bottle of tequila out of Ellen’s hands.
Cas walks over to the mirror, and he stares at the stencil for what feels like ten minutes, before he turns to Dean and looks at him, really looks at him.
“Sure I am, do it once a week.”
“So tell me, what’s it really like being an art dealer in the Big Apple?”
Dean laughs.
“I’ll miss you.”
“You’re not wearing that to dinner!” Sam’s face is slightly panicked as he points at Charlie with a half-peeled carrot.
“You’re not really doing this right now, are you?”
Dean considered him, smiling.
“Well….that’s bullshit,” says Charlie, making him look her in the eyes.
“I can stop if you want,” he’s got a glint in his eye, and Dean is already moving, trying to get the movement going again.
“I’m glad you like it.  I worked out the melody with you in mind.”
“Are you okay?”
“Okay,” Dean is definitely nervous now, the prospect of tattooing Cas, of putting his work on Cas’ body, on having Cas so close to him, was enough to send him into a full-blown panic. But he takes a deep breath, putting on his professional face, and turns to look at Cas.
“You’ve gotta go get it,” Cas grins as he turns on the faucet, “I’ll rinse out while you go bargain with her.”
“Then what do you suggest we do?”
“Tell me where Lucifer is!” he said over the renewed screaming of what Cas knew was a captive demon.
Dean doesn’t say anything as he pulls out of the parking spot and starts heading towards Cas’ place.  Cas tries to make conversation, but Dean doesn’t really respond, this was not a conversation that they could have while he was driving.
“Did it?”
Cas doesn’t say anything, he just watches Dean, and Dean doesn’t know what’s worse, laying it all out on the line or the silence that follows.
“Mmm, I’ll be happy to teach you,” Cas pulls him forward and kisses him again.  God, Dean could so get used to this.
Sam smiles at Dean, the first smile he had given him.
“Can we talk?” he doesn’t wait for an answer before pushing his way inside.
“Yeah, yeah.  Sam.  He’s a lawyer.”
“Thank you for earning it.”
“Because I knew you’d balk any other time.”
“Yeah I know that, but everybody gets sick.”
He’s looking at Dean with an edge of fear, a sort of expectation that Dean was going to judge him, and Dean knew that fear, because he expected it all the time too.  He would see people walk by him on the street, well-dressed in nice coats and gloves and shoes, and they would look at him, coming out of the red light district with ripped jeans, dirty hair, and a coat that was meant, at best, for winter in Mississippi, and instead of helping, of taking out their Prada wallets and giving him something to kill his empty stomach, they would walk faster, looking over him like we was invisible, like he didn’t even exist.
“Yes, I am.  And it’s Castiel.”
marathon we’ve been talking about.”
thing for you, it just needs a few more minutes,” Dean grins at Cas, trying to make it clear that he could stare at his pie on his own, he didn’t need a babysitter.
“Hi, nice to, uh, meet you.”
“I don’t talk about my fancy cool job because if I think about it too much I’ll remember the last time we watched
Cas felt, rather than saw Dean at his shoulder.  They watched the people in the yard in silence, neither one willing to break the silence.
“Yeah, we know, and we love you anyway,” Charlie whispers, drawing a half-sob, half-laugh out of Dean.
“It was…unbelievable.  I’m serious Charlie, I’ve never had sex that good, ever.  Everything’s just…easy with him, I guess.  Like I don’t feel a pressure to perform, and I don’t feel like I have to hide anything, like my tattoos.  He,” Dean thinks about Cas studying him the night before, taking in his details, tracing him like he was ink on paper, “he sees me, I guess.”
“Good, you know how good-looking you are, a little disfigurement wouldn’t hurt you.”
Dean stopped.  He never knew how to quit while he was ahead.  Luckily for him, neither did Cas.
“What’s up Sam?” Dean lifts himself off the couch to get a look at him, Sam still says nothing.  Are you fucking kidding?  Dean just wants to know ten seconds of peace, why is everyone in his life making that absolutely impossible?
Charlie sighs.
“Well, I am an exhibitionist,” Cas says, wiggling his eyebrows at Dean, and Dean is pretty much unreachable for five minutes, doubled over the bacon he’s supposed to be cooking, laughing until tears are running down his face.
“Yeah well, I thought I told you, I’m an emotionless robot.”
As the credits roll, Dean leans back into Cas’ white couch, looking at him.
Ugh, listening to his emotions sucks, this was all a lot easier when he could pretend to be an ostrich and stick his head in the sand every time something got uncomfortable.
“I love you,” Dean whispered, pressing their foreheads together.
“No.  No.  But the angels, I think they’re gone.”
The change in Dean was like someone flipped a switch.  Sam said yes, the world went to total shit, and Dean just, wasn’t really Dean anymore.  Cas clung to the little tiny rays of light that were the Dean he knew; a half smile after successfully fixing a generator, mindlessly humming “Custard Pie” when out on a run to kill Croats, deep breathing that made Cas rise and fall with the movements of his chest.  And then, there were the moments were he was completely unrecognizable.  Like when the engine of the Impala died, and he had it pushed into a field where they stored the other broken down cars.  Cas watched him for a reaction, any reaction.  That car was everything to him, he knew that.  There was nothing.  No emotion, no reaction, just business.
“Because if I didn’t, if I didn’t tell him we didn’t work then he was going to break my heart.”
“You okay?”
“Okay,” Pamela says in between bites of her veggie burger, “If you got ten million dollars tomorrow, would you go vegan for the rest of your life?”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll sterilize before I leave, don’t bitch at me.  So, what’re you talking about?”
“Ugh, colleges, when did you get so old?”
Jo can evidently tell that he’s not going to budge.
Charlie heads out the door, Pamela following with a wave.  Dean stares at Benny, hoping he can rescue him.
“This isn’t funny,” Cas says, “can you come up here already?”
Castiel watches him, he can feel his eyes on him, burning holes into his skin, but Dean is lost in the world again the second the curtain rises, and he doesn’t even know why he cries when the show ends, but he tries to surreptitiously wipe his eyes on his sleeve. As he’s the first one in the audience to stand and give an ovation to the actors.
“That’s up to you, they’re your family.”
“Dean, you can’t understand what you are doing to yourself.”
“Hey man,” he slaps Sam on the back as he passes by his seat at the kitchen counter.  He’s exhausted, and planting himself in front of the TV is exactly what the doctor ordered.  Sam doesn’t say anything, doesn’t even react when Dean sits down and turns on Netflix.  It takes Dean a couple of minutes to register that Sam isn’t speaking, even to tell him to turn it down, and when he turns to look at him, he can see Sam is hunched over, in the telltale deliberately ignoring Dean way.
“Charlie, even if I did I wouldn’t give it to you.”
“Dean, you have to understand.  They will not help.  They will not help unless you say yes to Michael.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but gives Cas a half smile that gets returned with interest.
“Out walking,” Dean says shortly, trying to make a beeline directly for his room.
Risa started to speak but was cut off by past Dean,
Dean throws back his head into the pillows when Cas bites tenderly into his neck, still moving more slowly than Dean would like.
He finishes up with Christian after about four hours, and he’s so excited about the finished product that he swears he’ll be back in a few weeks to talk about another piece.  Dean’s excited too, it’s always so nice when someone loves the work so much that they want to come back right away.  It looks good on him too, so Dean snaps a picture so he can put it on his Instagram, maybe throw it up on the website if the mood strikes him right.
She gives him a swift kiss on the cheek before hurrying to the Southwest Airlines counter.  And Dean waits until she heads to the security line before heading out to the Impala and paying ten dollars for parking less than thirty minutes.  Fuck airports.
Cas chuckles, pouring them each a glass of blood-red wine, and Dean takes a sip, grateful for the bitterness lingering on his tongue, contrasting nicely with the sweetness he felt at this whole situation.
“Michael.”
“That’s not true,” Cas looks at Dean so intently that Dean thinks he might actually keel over.
“I’m not saying everything was, or will be, easy.  But you and I, despite my familial issues with you and your issues with my family, it’s easy to be with you.  I’ve never found it easier.”
“Yeah,” Benny scoffs, “Just like it was last year.”
“Text me when you get home.”
“Not sure I can.”
Cas stretches and groans at around midnight, looking up at Dean with bleary, sleepy eyes.
“Yeah as if you won’t crash into the wall when you try and stand up.  Sorry, looks like your skin just has to suffer tonight.”
There’s something exciting, almost forbidden about what they do, no one else knows about it.  Sure, they think they probably suspect, Dean acts like he’s walking on air after a breakup, which isn’t exactly normal.  But it worked for them, the perfect way to get over a breakup without the worry of a one night stand.  No need to worry about catching feelings for a rebound when the rebound was your best friend.  It was foolproof.  And then Cas moaned his name and Dean forgot all about their agreement, simply on a mission to make Cas do that again, because if there was a single way to make him hard it, was the way Cas’ voice, all breathy and ethereal, would moan his name when Dean was inside him, or when he was inside Dean, but that was one of those things that was rare, and had only happened after he and Cas had had four tequila shots apiece.  But fuck he wouldn’t mind having it again sober.  He had tried to convince Lisa to do it once, like use one of her dildos to fuck him in the ass, but she had looked at him with sheer disgust and a little bit of mirth and said,
Sam beams as soon as he sees them, and Dean’s general annoyance at their very loud existence melts away.  It’s easy to be happy when Sam is happy, still the baby of the family even though he’s taller than any of them at seventeen years old.
“Whoa.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard those interviews can take a while, he’ll probably meet with a partner and then a recruiter right?”
leaves his chest and Dean should
He stalks his way back up the stairs and swings the door to the apartment, letting it slam behind him.  Sam, Charlie, Benny, and Cas, all of whom had been chattering genially around the TV fall silent immediately when they see him.  Well, the writing was pretty well on the wall, and he doesn’t want to ruin their fun, so he decides to slink into his room without saying anything.  Yes, he’s a melodramatic bitch, no, he is not going to change, thanks for asking.
Dean feels like he’s run a marathon after Charlie leaves, but he doesn’t want to face Benny or Sam when they get home, so he shuts himself in his room for the rest of the evening, trying desperately to think about himself, and not the blue-eyed guy across town who he may have just irrevocably fucked things up with.
, so he’s pretty happy with that.  He’s sure she’ll like it.
Dean clenches his fingers together, making a white-knuckled fist with his hand.  He grips, releases, trying to remember how to breathe.
“What are you doing,” Cas was trying, and failing miserably, at keeping his composure.
Dean doesn’t make it to forty-two, he misses it by a few months.  Time is supposed to move differently in Heaven, but Dean still knows that it’s his birthday.  He spends a lot of the day at the lake by his perfect little house, not really wanting to be bothered.  He knew this day would be harder for Sam down there on Earth than it would be for him.  That still bothered him, even in the middle of paradise, that Sam was hurting and he couldn’t help him through it.  It was an adjustment, they all told him, something that you got used to, but how does he forget that he left his brother, the man he raised, that he loves with all he has, on Earth by himself.
“We share a house, I’m your second in command, we do everything together and-”
Dean wants to say that Cas is the most interesting person he’s ever known, the way he plays music, the way he laughs at something, the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles really wide, the way his blue eyes turn dark when he’s turned on, the way he sings off key when he’s drunk, the way he giggles when he’s high, the way he dances when he thinks no one’s watching, the shitty shampoo he uses, the way he judges Dean for his taste in TV, but will watch the same bad horror movie fifteen times and get scared every time, no matter how many times he knows the jumpscares are coming.  The way he kisses Dean, the way he tastes sweet no matter what he’s had in his mouth previously, the way he can find every single pulse point and muscle that will turn Dean into a pile of jello, the way he runs his fingers through his ever changing rainbow of hair, the way he writes songs and poems on the back of bar napkins, slipping them into his pocket for later, the way he looks so relaxed when he plays, even though he plays some of the most intense music Dean has ever heard.  The idea that he isn’t interesting, the idea that he doesn’t think he’s interesting, the idea that he needs a cop to fuck and then punch in the face, the idea that he needs jail to think of himself as interesting is just absurd, it doesn’t compute in Dean’s brain, he wishes he could tell him that.  Fuck, he wishes he could tell him that he loved him, because he does, more than anything.  He loves Cas, he loves everything about Cas, from his details to his biggest parts.
“I guess we’ll just have to share, then,” Cas chuckles, leaning down to kiss him.  It’s gentle, with less teeth and less ardor and less lust, but there’s something behind it that Dean has never really known, a little more than tenderness that he can’t quite put his finger on.  Whatever it is, he likes it a lot.
Dean’s kissed Cas…a lot in the last three months.  He never thought he would never need to rank them, or that one was better than the other.
“You can be honest with me,” Cas’ hand slides, warm and solid onto his shoulder and Dean jumps, so caught up in the feeling that he’s drowning, invisible water filling his lungs, dragging him down that he almost forgot Cas was even there.
“You act like I can’t hold my liquor.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“That’s not true Lis, I spend tons of time with you and Sam and-”
“Sammy, breathe,” Dean grabs his shoulders, careful not to wrinkle his suit, which he had ironed himself that morning, “You’re gonna be fine, they’ll be lucky to have you.”
He doesn’t say anything about his other big hangup, who’s still in Chicago with light blue eyes, lighter than Cas’, long hair, and tattoos on his body that Dean gave him.  But, that wasn’t really a relationship anyway.  That was something undefinable, something that Dean would tell Cas about, but not tonight.  Definitely not tonight.
“Oh, uh, well, my brother Sam just graduated from law school, he’s meeting some partners from some firm to talk business or whatever, and he was too nervous to come alone so-”
He found himself reading the book until the sun was seeping across the floor like spilled cream.  He savored each word, trying to understand everything.  He found he could almost see the pages playing out in front of him, swirling and spinning, out of order yet easy to decipher.  His heart began to feel strange when he read about the aliens, putting Billy on display.  He glanced over at Dean, who was still snoring lightly.  He hoped that Dean didn’t see him as a Tralfamadorian.
Dean blushes, his cheeks burning in the cold December air, and when Cas’ hand finds its way to his knee, then his thigh, Dean shifts, eyes staring towards the towering mass of buildings in front of him.
“No, but I feel like shit about this whole thing so.”
“Is what it?”
She looks at him knowingly, guiding him over to the couch and settling down across from him.
Dean narrowed his eyes, calling Cas’ bluff.
Dean was right, the hangover was crippling in the morning, but he walked his ass over to the bar the next morning to get his baby, because as shitty as he felt, he wasn’t going to leave her in some fucking parking lot for longer than he had to.
“You okay down here?”
“Dean-”
“Yeah, if you’ll have me.”
“How is it that you know shit about my brother’s life before I do?”
Colt?” Risa asked, leaning against the ladder to the armory loft.  She looked pissy, probably that Dean hadn’t spent the night with her.  Cas could certainly relate to those feelings.
Another breath, pulling him out of the twisted, tangled memories.
Lisa smiles wider, and Dean sees the tears gathering at the corners of her eyes.  He crosses the room in two strides and takes her face in his hands, kissing her forehead.
“God, please Cas, please,” Dean cries out, unable to hold back the torrent of sounds that want to escape his chest.
“You want to know what I think?”
Dean still can’t look at Cas, he’s too afraid of the expression on his face, of the judgement there, or the pity, or even the lack of expression.  He had no idea what he wanted when it came to Cas, but he just knew that he didn’t want him to leave, and he was afraid that him not wanting to
“Fine.”
“Stalker.”
“Honestly?  Probably pretty good.  It’s a state park but who the hell is gonna be in there now? Not a lot of time for sightseeing anymore.”
“Good, I’d like to think I’m taking care of it.  I woke up one night and was itching it in my sleep, I may have to tie my hands down.”
“Yeah, but to go on your own.  Wow, I’m impressed.”
“We’ve fucked seven times.”
The bell tinkles and Dean sighs.  Damn.  Ten minutes until closing too.
Cas closes his eyes, holding his and Charlie’s hands.  He takes a deep breath.
Dean takes a breath, he had lost precious time.  What if Cas, what if he was already gone?
On Christmas Eve, when Sam and Eileen had gone out to look at the town’s local Christmas light setup, Dean and Cas ended up in two armchairs in front of the tree, sitting in a comfortable silence, with hot chocolate that Cas had perfected in warm mugs.
Leaves crunch under his hands.
He’s known for a long time that his girlfriend and his best friend…hate each other, let’s be honest.  Lisa and Cas had run in completely different circles, only brought together by Dean.  They tolerated each other when they had to, but since they had graduated college they had only seen each other at parties.  Dean had tried, in the beginning, to try and force them to interact positively, but that was like trying to force two magnets to come together.  So he had been living two separate lives, the life with his roommates and Sam and Cas, and his life with Lisa.  It had been getting harder to manage, since Lisa was getting closer to a breaking point.  He thought for sure the breaking point was when he was late to pick her up for a movie because he and Cas had been dying Cas’ hair bright blue, and he showed up with stained hands and a sheepish grin on his face.  Dean could tell it was coming, he just had to hold is breath and wait for it.
“Thanks Cas.”
“So I think we should talk a little more about you and Sam moving in here at the end of the school year.  Sam only has his senior year left, and then Ben is starting tenth grade, I think it’ll be really good for us to do the family thing for a year.  Plus it’ll just be so much better for Sam mentally-”
“You can relax, you know, everything’s going great, they’re loving it.”
Eventually the growing pains continue to worsen, so he does what any responsible and mature adult who’s learning about themselves would do: he gets a tattoo.
“I really love you,” Cas says quietly, and Dean can’t help but smile.
“How long have you lived in the city, Dean?”
And now there’s another problem, he can feel his weakened legs start to shake under him, and he was not at all confident that he could make it the ten feet to the door of the bedroom, where sweet safety and reprieve and probably more sleep were waiting for him.
Castiel smiles.  Dean melts a little.
“Yeah.  Just fine,” said Cas.
“Ha ha,” Cas rolls his eyes.  He switches gears immediately when he sees Charlie, who looks at Cas like she’s seeing a literal angel, which, let’s face it, Cas kinda is.
“It’s my house!”
“Stop laying it on so thick, if I didn’t know better I’d say you’re trying to seduce me with this fancy restaurant and your compliments.”
“It seems on brand for you and me.  I don’t think this will ruin anything.  Now come on, let’s go meet the parents.”
“Ash, Lee,” Bobby gestures to Dean, who hunches, a little like a caged animal, “This is Dean, he’ll be staying with us awhile.”
Fucking Purgatory, man.
He trails off, trying to deflect again.
“Dean I just meant-”
“Grab the gear, Uber back to the hotel, order room service and pay per view.”
“Just fuck me up.”
“I want to see you,” Cas replies, continuing up Dean’s arm to the geometric half-sleeve, done by Benny, mostly blackwork, with intricate designs, a thousand tiny details that Dean can still get lost in himself.  Dean is struggling to breathe as Cas traces the pentagram encased by a sun on his chest, which is the only matching tattoo he has, he and Sam got them on Sam’s eighteenth birthday.
Then, like a ton of bricks, there it is.  Like the fates themselves had known he’d walk into that shop, there, in a display case near the front, is an original copy of the script for
“You’ll be great, it’ll be great, you know.  It’s for such a great cause, and you’ve worked so hard.  It’s gonna be fine.”
“Why?  Do you have any cheese?”
Dean’s shirt is on the floor before the door even slams shut, and Cas takes care to lock it before throwing his own shirt on the floor with Dean’s.  Dean strides forward and kisses Cas with a heat that surpasses even the New Year’s kiss, which nearly set Dean’s whole body on fire.  This was like a bomb, not a fire, like a stick of dynamite had been lit in Dean’s chest, and the fuse had been running from the second they realized they were pressed together.  Now, the dynamite had exploded, and Dean was ravenous, ravenous for every single inch of Cas he could get his hands on.
Cas rolls his eyes, shaking his head.
“I don’t know, since a while after you and Lisa broke up.  I was surprised it took so long.”
“You look like you had a really great time,” Jo grins at him as they clamber in the Uber and head to the South End.  Cas’ band were the headliners so they didn’t need to get there right as the doors opened, but Dean had a feeling they needed to at least be nearby pretty early on, just in case any of them had a meltdown (which had happened more than once).
The situation was getting truly desperate.  They had moved a few people over to Camp Chitaqua, finally figured out a path that didn’t involve being overrun and torn to shreds by Croats.  They had people working around the clock, trying to make it fit to live in.  Chuck had been one of the first to volunteer.  Cas knew that Dean would be the last one to leave Bobby’s, so he intended to be second to last.
“2009.”
“That’s okay Dean,” she slides a beer across the bar to him.  Dean’s favorite, he loves her, “So tell me everything.  I heard you and Lisa broke up.”
“Are you okay, Cas?  What happened?” Charlie jumps up and makes him stand still, looking at her.
“I don’t know man, he just asked for you.”
?” Sam looks incredulous, “You went to a play?”
“How many condoms do you have in here?  Are you planning to let Lisa walk for the next year and a half or do you just have that short of a refractory period?  Don’t answer that.”
“What?” the aggression in his voice is new, certainly new to Dean, and he has to remind himself that they’re supposed to be going slower now, but fuck is it hot when Cas gets keyed up.
The rest of their evening is filled with good food (this new Italian place is definitely going to be in their regular rotation), laughter, and probably a little too much wine.  Charlie, as usual, comes back to the apartment with them, whining about her apartment being too far away and too cold, not that she ever had to convince them to let her come crash on their couch.
Lisa rolls her eyes and rolls off of Dean.  Dean doesn’t miss the contact.
The waiter brings drink menus, and Cas convinces Dean, under his breath, to get a really nice bourbon that loosens Dean by degrees, working on his tightened muscles as well as a hot shower.  Cas, Gadreel, and Anna do the majority of the talking, for which Dean is grateful.  He’s starting to feel almost sort of relaxed when Samandriel, Balthazar, and Gabriel come through the door, Gabriel and Balthazar bringing all the chaos that extroverts can possibly bring.
“But good right?”
“Cas?”
He screams inside his head,
Sam watches him, gauging his seriousness.  He sticks out his hand.
“Dean, I don’t mean to be blunt or anything, well, yeah I do actually, but you two have been pining for each other for years and seem to think that no one has noticed.”
“So, I just, I wanted to-”
Debrief was in the armory, as usual.  Risa nodded to him, Yaeger clapped him on the back, and Chuck scurried in and out of the room, trying to pick Dean’s brain about supplies at truly the worst possible time.  For a Prophet, he really had bad timing.  Dean ended almost forcing Chuck out the door and slammed it, like a judge’s gavel bringing them all to order.  Cas rolled his eyes and put his feet up on the table.
“Sam!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah.  I went mortal.”
Dean’s heart jumps all the way to his throat and he has to fight the urge to tackle her to the ground.  She can tell that in his face as he scrambles towards her.  She dodges him again, when the hell did she get so fast?  She holds the phone away from Dean as far as she can, and Dean leans over her, fingers outstretched and grabbing at the air, desperate to grab the little device where Cas’ unread words waited for him.
He’s addicted to the heat, the lines and ridges and colorful ink on his shoulders and his sides, and it’s becoming more and more difficult to keep his hands to himself, especially since Cas leans into every touch, no matter how soft or fleeting they are.  Sometimes he even makes these soft little huffing noises, and that’s enough to break Dean’s resolve into pieces like powdered glass, but somehow, someway, he holds strong.  Fear will do that to you.
“Usually,” Cas said, releasing Bobby’s shoulder.
“Maybe we can just take a step forward and treat each other like people and not like glass?”
“Made it through the night, huh?”
Charlie fully stops drinking her coffee and stares at him.
“Where is the blood loyalty, Sam?”
“You goin somewhere?”
“You must be Charlie,” Cas extends his hand, which Charlie bypasses and goes straight in for the hug.  Cas returns it immediately, and Dean knows, he just knows that these two are going to get along just fine.
“I was thinking that fancy place on Main, the Italian place we all went to last year for Charlie’s birthday.”
“Okay…”
He and Dean walked to the armory in silence.  Cas knew that Dean knew that he was angry.  Well, angry wasn’t the right word, he was well past angry.
Castiel laughs quietly, handing Dean a playbill the usher gave him.
“In me?”
“I’ve already had you, and I intend to have you again.”
“So um.  I just wanted you all to know something.  And some of you know it already, but I wanted to tell you all because you’re my best friends, my family.  I’m bi.”
“So the kid was-”
Cas rolls his eyes and sets his mouth in a very cute way.
He doesn’t want to think about that possibility, because honestly?  It hurts a little too much to even think about.
“Whatever.”
Cas does as he’s told, and Dean notices he’s tracing pattens into Dean’s forearm, leaving heat in the wake of his fingertips, like he’s made of fire.
The next morning, Dean ends up at Cas’ apartment, checking in with the security guy and being let up with an early morning grumble and a special code.  He always feels like he’s visiting the president or the head of the KGB when he has to go through this process, but his heart is in a vice-grip, the crushing fingers unrelenting until he talks to Cas.
Charlie sticks her tongue out at Dean, and no one seems to notice that Cas’ hands linger around Dean’s hips when he slides past him to join the group on the couch, all loudly asking Sam about his date with a girl named Jessica, who went to school in the next town over.
“So, um, where’re we going?”
Cas grins.
He hears the sound of the opening act hitting a stopping point.  They would have to get out there soon.
They slot themselves together, finding the perfect way to both be comfortable.  Cas’s breath is warm on his neck, but Dean is damn tired, and he already feels his eyes getting heavy.
“Just a tune up, checking to make sure she’s running the way she’s supposed to.  There’s no room in Bobby’s yard and winter can be hard on her.”
“Yeah?”
He’s so lost in the new experience he’s having that he almost forgets to look at Cas’ face to read his reaction.  It’s an expression he knows well, Cas has the look on his face that usually came when Dean kissed him: a level of softness that Dean never thought could be directed towards him.
“Dean,” Cas has an eyebrow raised, his yellow hair being blown all over the place by the wind blowing in from the street.
“Oh come on, Dean.  I’m a human, yeah, but I am a sentient one.  I can make my own mistakes.”
He doesn’t say anything, since it feels like his heart is gonna literally fall out of his mouth if he opens it, so he settles on smiling in what he hopes is a flirty and charming way, but he’s so drunk he’s not sure it works.  Castiel doesn’t seem to mind, he drags his fingers across Dean’s chest and then heads into the crowd, leaving Dean’s heart rattling, and him struggling to find breath, even though he’s been sitting for the last two hours.
“So Dean, Castiel tells us that you’re an artist yourself.  What medium do you work in?”
“Dean.”
It could’ve gone on for hours, but it’s really only a couple of seconds before Cas is pulling them apart, placing a steadying hand on Dean’s chest as Dean chases his lips.
“So, uh, Cas?”
“You just had that in your closet?” Sam asks, sprawled out next to Charlie on the couch and laughing at Dean when he makes his appearance.
“You, uh, you know you can talk to me about this stuff?  Like I know you and Ben are friends, and I don’t want you to think that I did this without thinking about you, you know?  Or that anything is different now because me and Lis are broken up.  She still cares about you, you know.  I just don’t want you to think that your whole life is uprooted now or anything.”
“Like moving.”
“Okay okay, laugh all you want,” but Dean stops as Cas really starts to laugh, that laugh this hiccups and jolts and makes him snort a little bit.  The whole absurdity of the thing makes Dean laugh too, because now that he’s back with Cas, now that he’s worked through some of the layers of his own bullshit, realizing that maybe, just maybe, it wasn’t
“His and his,” Cas teases, stripping off his shirt with agonizing casualness, tossing it into his laundry basket in the corner and turning towards Dean.  He’s so unfairly handsome, with his tan skin and his broad shoulders and his beautiful hands.  It’s three in the morning, but Dean was always, always hungry for Cas.
“What are you doing?” Dean asks as Cas moves up to his forearm, the mountains and the twisting road, tracing the ink, pressing his mouth to the outline of the car and its taillights.
“No ma’am, you won’t but I appreciate you asking, I like talking about my work.”
“Are you okay, Dean?”
“You look like shit.”
They finish dinner and Dean insists on splitting the check, even though Castiel tries his best to pull the check away from him.  The bicker over it for a couple of minutes, but it’s good natured, and Castiel relents, apparently sensing that Dean will not, under any circumstances, let this go.
“That’s growth right there.”
He held Dean through that night.  And Dean, half passed out and half asleep said,
“There, Second floor window, we go in there.”
“Only three.”
“Don’t believe a word she says, Ellen,” Dean starts before Charlie can, “Benny and I had to carry her to bed last week.”
Pamela gives him a kiss on the cheek and pushes him towards the door.
There’s a little pause, Charlie and Sam exchange glances.
“So, uh, I punched a guy.”
“It was great having you,” Dean says as they stand in the freezing air outside, the door safely between them and the prying, gossipy eyes of Sam and Charlie.
Dean’s heard Cas sing a lot, it’s not like he doesn’t know what his voice sounds like, but there was something about this, about the way he sways as he sings, about the way he and Charlie occasionally look at each other, about the way his hair keeps falling in his face, about the way Dean can see the goosebumps on his arms, that makes Dean think that he might have to evaporate on the spot.  His chest feels weird and tight but he doesn’t want Cas to ever stop singing like this, they had to do this song in every set forever, Dean would demand it.
She, Dean, and Sam all stare at each other, before scrambling to pay their meager tab and walk nonchalantly out the door, didn’t want any of the circling vultures to pick up on them leaving and try to follow them or something.
Sam crosses his heart like they did when he was little.
“I’m sorry, did you want to pick up the tab this time, Balthazar?  Since you refuse to pay on your own.”
“How about Thursday night then?  I intend to keep you all night.”
Dean swallows, and he feels like he’s swallowing his own heart.
“And she chooses that anyway?  Even though she knows?”
And then, Cas smiles this radiant smile, the kind of smile that’d warm anybody up from their head to their toes, and Cas leans forward, without any hesitation, and presses his lips to Dean’s.
“It’ll be great,” and then, because he cannot be normal for ten fucking seconds, “Your hair looks nice today.  Looks good with your eyes.”
Dean and Cas were out scouting for a new place to put all the people they were taking in.  Everything had been pretty normal, they took out a few Croats, ate lunch at some diner on the roadside that was still open (Dean insisted that Cas get his first ever chocolate milkshake, Cas was eternally grateful for that), they sang “Custard Pie” as loud as they could, and headed back to Bobby’s with no new info, but with a little less claustrophobia.
Cas produces his license from his wallet and hands it to Dean, in a way that makes sure their hands don’t touch, and Dean aches a little.
Dean settles on the edge of the bed next to the bass, and they spend a few minutes in silence, with the sound of the city twenty floors below them.  Dean hasn’t spent much time in Boston, he was excited to see a little more of it, even if it was only for a night.
“Wowee, that was a hell of a goodbye,” Charlie teases as Dean opens the door, “Let me guess, reading poetry to each other.”
Charlie laughs so hard she nearly falls of the toilet, and Dean knows there was a better comeback than the one he gave, but he’s kinda busy at the moment.
He had been able to dwell on everything over the summer, they had been so busy and Charlie had kept him running all over the city, back to his regular position of “world’s greatest wingman.”  Back to the hookup culture that Dean had sworn off after Lisa.  It had been a pretty classic summer for them, busy with the shop but staying up all hours on their nights off, Dean sleeping with strangers and seeing dark hair and broad shoulders no matter their body type.  Plus, Benny had convinced him to get a septum piercing, which he was pretty hyped about.
“Thanks guys, I really do appreciate it.”
“Okay Sam.”
“I get it.  So what’s the problem though?  Neither of you are dating anyone right now?”
Cas stands up.
“You will.  Text me when you get home.”
“I am.”
Cas rolls his eyes and speed walks toward his door.  Okay, he was wearing slides again, probably not the best for the middle of winter in Connecticut.
“That’s just it.  They aren’t.”
“Torture?” piped up past Dean again, “Oh so we’re-we’re torturing again.  That’s good.  Classy.”
“Well come on, you can’t really blame them, Cas,” Dean tries placating him, “I did majorly fuck up.  And if that happened to Sam I wouldn’t be shy about telling him that it was fucking stupid to get back together with his ex.”
Cas’ hands are tangled in his hair, pulling him closer, twisting in an impossibly pleasurable, painful way.  Dean groans as Cas presses their hips together, trying to push a knee in between Dean’s legs.  Dean relents with too much ease, eager to fuck Cas right here in the dirty alley of his apartment on New Year’s day, ringing in the new year with his favorite pastime, making Cas make
“Well, to be honest, we’ve been interrupted mid conversation twice now, and I was in the neighborhood-”
Dean rolls his eyes and sighs.
“We won’t be weird, Sammy.  She’s important to you and that’s what matters, yeah?”
Cas’ eyes flicked from face to face, watching for some kind of rebellion, some kind of mutiny.  But they were long past that now.  Some people nodded, most did nothing at all.  They simply went back to work.
Cas doesn’t even hesitate, he takes two steps forward and decks Dean in the jaw.  Listen, Dean’s a strong guy, Dean is stockier than him and looks more built, but Cas is fucking strong and the blow is enough to knock Dean off balance, falling into Cas’ closet, which is probably an oxymoron or some kind of sick cosmic joke.  He tastes blood, and his tongue darts out to assess the damage.  Split lip.
“You always said I was a terrible singer,” Cas mumbled.
Cas’ apartment is just as beautiful as the last time Dean had seen it, all soft light and pretty wood floors, and Dean settles himself in the pristine chef’s kitchen, laying out each of the ingredients he had carefully chosen on the massive marble island, Cas sitting across from him in one of the chairs tucked neatly into the slab of cold stone.
, unless you have been this whole time and we just thought you were friends, but it was pretty clear you were…intimate.”
Sam passes out in his chair, as usual, around three am, and when Dean feels his own eyes start to get heavy, he makes the concerted effort not to fall asleep on the couch, and drags himself up and into the shower, falling face first onto his bed immediately after.
Cas smiles a little at him, and then strips off his shirt in a way that makes Dean wish they were in either of their respective apartments right now, but then again, that’s not something that he’s allowed to want anymore anyway.  He’s careful with the transfer paper, and then looks up at Cas,
“Of course.”
Charlie sinks down next to him, so understanding and so willing to let him in at 2am on a work night.  He’s grateful for her, through the anxiety of course.
Dean tries to talk over the buzz of the needle going into Cas’ arm, he also tries his best not to look at what exactly Cas is getting done.  There was a time, not long ago, where Cas would have called him when he was sitting in the waiting room of the shop, while Pamela was sketching, and would ask him franticly for his opinion, asking if he thought it sounded stupid or the placement was going to be wrong.  And Dean would always comfort him, tell him he couldn’t wait to see the new piece, that he would pick up some Aquaphor on his way home and would come over to Cas’ place with some takeout and they could watch bad movies.  Cas would always sigh into the phone, breathing in a way that could’ve been relief, could’ve been appreciation, could’ve been something that they were far too terrified to ever talk about.  But those days were gone now, and he had found out about this tattoo on accident, because they were both total dumbasses and had all the same hiding places.
“Of course.”
Dean’s anxiety in the following hour is like one of those heart rate machines you see at hospitals or, rather, in hospital shows: peaks and valleys.  One second he and Cas are playfighting, tackling each other onto Cas’ bed, fighting turning into long, slow kisses, and the next Dean’s pacing while Cas tries to figure out what tie he likes best with his outfit.
“Oh well, don’t let me stop you.”
He comes back to the dark bedroom, his eyes taking a second to adjust as he turns on the bathroom light, but he’s so in tune with Cas he can see him despite the darkness of the room, and he crawls under the covers that Cas holds up for him.
“I do find these things tedious as well.”
“If that’s too much we can-”
Allistair had taught him how to break others with precision, and he spent ten years hating himself while the destroyed others on the Rack.
Cas merely responded by biting his lip and staring unashamedly at Dean and, well, Dean.
He missed.  Hit a tree behind the target, about a foot above the intended shot.
When Dean turned ten, his father had taken him shooting.  They had stood in front of some stationary cans, a makeshift gun range in the middle of the woods of Colorado, and John had kept him at it until he could hit every target with his eyes closed.  He had known how to hold a gun from the time he was six years old, but he swelled with pride when he hit one of the cans, looking up at John for approval, getting a half-smile and a hand ruffling his hair every so often.
“Can we burn that document now?” Cas asks against Dean’s mouth, and Dean laughs quietly, not wanting to break the bubble of bliss they had created.
“Listen, I didn’t have breakfast this morning, then we hauled all of our shit to the station and onto the train, then to the hotel.  I was hungry!”
“Once I had the blossom I fought, caught them off guard, they fought back.  I managed to get away.”
They had fucked four times after they had it signed, like a blood pact, but with jizz.  More romantic that way, you know?
“It’s cancer in a fucking cylinder, you’re a singer.”
“No type at all, I was hoping just to hear your thoughts on the show.”
“This is okay, Dean.  It’s a good thing.  He’s a great guy who clearly adores you and-”
Castiel laughs at that.  The throw back your head, full throated laugh that invites anyone in its proximity to join in.  And Dean does, they laugh together in the secluded corner of the gallery, Dean suddenly very aware that Castiel was sort of in his personal space which he normally hated, but maybe it's his eyes or the way he licks his lips when he looks at Dean, Dean doesn't mind.
“No, I can call you a cab.  We can keep your keys in the safe and you can pick them up tomorrow.”
“I’m sorry, Cas.  I have orders not to let anyone in.”
“You were right.  I’m too much of a pushover when it comes to my siblings, and I didn’t want to hear it when you called me on it.  Like, I was jealous of the family that you had because it was so easy…and you know, mine’s never easy, it’s always like sort of dodging bullets.  And I have friends, but nothing like what you and Sam have, nothing like what you and Charlie have.  And here comes this gorgeous guy, and he’s got this amazing heart and he doesn’t think he deserves it?  Deserves me?  With my shitty family and a job that’s my whole life.  It pissed me off, if I’m being honest.  And I’m sorry that I wasn’t before.”
“You’re afraid to be into Cas, because you want to be straight.”
“Dean fuckin Winchester,” Ash stands and basically throws himself into Dean’s arms, even though they had seen each other last month at Ellen’s, you would’ve thought they hadn’t seen each other in around a decade or so.
Deans heart constricts when he thinks of Sam, who John was always easier on, but he knew how little Sam talked about those years, how he wouldn’t, even to this day, acknowledge their father under any circumstances.
“You mean constant fighting over literally everything?”
“You’ve always been the smartest.”
“So um,” Dean stutters when they split apart, “I’ll see you around.”
“Don’t put me on a pedestal, that’s not what I want.  You and I are equals, that’s why I-” Cas breaks off, stopping himself, “That’s why we work.”
“I, I made a deal.  With the Empty.  Looks like it’s here to…get me.”
“Missed you,” Dean breathes in the smell of Cas’ hair.
He doesn’t know how long he stands there.  It could be ten minutes or ten hours, but Charlie and Sam and Eileen bang through the door, and when Sam rounds the corner to the kitchen and sees him, the smile drops off his face immediately, replaced instead by fear.
He knew Dean couldn’t leave, so he balled his fist up in the back of his jacket and started to pull.  Dean gave way, easier than Cas expected.  Cas led him through the burnt out streets of Detroit, Yaeger and Risa and the rest of the crew not far behind them. to the Impala, and for the first time since Cas had known him, Dean refused to drive.  He climbed in the passenger seat, curled up, and watched Detroit burn as they tore out of town.
“You do that quite often.”
“You do get used to it, but meeting so many people that I don’t care a bit about gets-”
“And that wasn’t what I was going to say.”
“Morning sunshine,” Dean says, smiling at the bleary-eyed Cas who grunts and rubs a hand down his face.
“Maybe I’ll get one that my clients don’t see,” and Dean definitely doesn’t miss the double meaning there, his brain going into overdrive with just
“Just tell me about him, I like to hear you talk.”
Charlie collides with him, and Dean and Castiel are pulled out of their little moment.  Charlie and Sam are both swaying in front of him, or maybe he’s just that drunk, he can’t tell.
“What do you mean?”
It was a sound that he never expected to love as much as he did.
Dean’s pissed.  He’s had a shitty day, his job sucks sometimes, he’s dead on his feet, working a 12 hour shift, and he’s vibrating out of his skin from the music coming from the Roadhouse.
“Sorry,” he whispers, looking anywhere but Cas’ face.
“Now I know you aren’t shading Communications,” Benny smiles at him, with that edge that means that Dean was going to get put in a headlock if he wasn’t careful, “I’m proud of my comm degree.”
“What are we watching with breakfast, then?” Dean asks, settling down next to Cas with his amazing looking plate of breakfast food.
“Careful,” Dean chuckled into his skin, “You’ll wake the neighbors.”
“Look Dean, you’ve gone after it plenty of times after I was laid up, and you’re going to go after it with or without me.  And I prefer to keep an eye on you.”
at home with Sam and eat way too much Chinese takeout that was going to be delivered right into his hands thanks to the magic of Postmates.
“Not if I don’t take you.”
“I know, but you needed to know that that’s where we stand.”
Dean stands, forcing his legs to keep working, keep moving, keep looking for the angel.
and eating takeout.”
Dean sighed and gave Cas a sort of half-smile.  Cas’ heart sort of jumped.  He wasn’t sure why.
“It ain’t, ya idjit,” Bobby laughs, and Dean’s chest aches a little for some reason.
Dean kissed him, more gently this time.  Cas craved this intimacy desperately.  Half of him also wanted to throw Dean on the table and fuck him until neither of them could walk.
How the fuck is he supposed to answer that kind of question?
He pursed his lips and sighed.  Dean laughed.
“Duh, can’t wait to meet him.”
“Me too.  Me too Cas.  Me too.”
have imagined Castiel saying that, he
“They’re a little bit older, got their peak in the nineties maybe?  The lead guy, Crowley, he’s a friend of mine.  I think you’ll like their vibe, it’s a little less screamo and a little more hard rock.”
“And I you,” Cas whispers, his arms winding around Dean’s back.
“Charlie-ah-Charlie bought them for me,” Dean felt like his heart was going to give out at any second, and Cas stopped as his hard cock was revealed, a smirk curling around his mouth.  He’s…man his best friend was more than kinda hot.
You can find me on tumblr at heliodean!
Apparently, his eagerness is noticeable, because Charlie makes fun of him about it whenever she can, and even Benny and Pamela comment on how keyed up he is, especially the afternoon of the dinner, when Dean plans on leaving early so he can grocery shop at this tiny place nearby that has all the good organic vegetables.
“Unfortunately, it’s my turn to blue-ball you.”
Dean sighs, staring out of Charlie’s to the brick wall of the next building.  Cozy as ever.
Dean had started doing things his own way, sometimes without Cas.  It stung when he would get up in the morning and Chuck would tell him that he was already gone for the day.  Or days, sometimes it really felt like weeks.  At the beginning of these trips, Cas would savor the time alone.  Cas would smoke for a while, read, listen to his favorite records and enjoy being in his own head, instead of trying to pick apart the thoughts of someone else’s.  He had never had any idea of what it was like to be alone.  Angels weren’t ever alone, and it’s not like they had ever had ample space for some good old fashioned me-time.  He was picking up all kinds of new hobbies when Dean was gone.  A sweet old woman named Breanettia taught him how to knit, and he was working on his very first hat (maybe his ears wouldn’t be so damn cold this winter), One of the older men, Sampson, was teaching him how to cook.  Not only did the alone time give him some space to look at himself, but he felt like he was becoming himself.  Even if everything around them was terrible and the threat of attack from Croats, demons, the military, or even Lucifer himself loomed over them, Cas felt like a person.
Cas laughs, and Dean can’t get enough of that sound, even when it’s at his expense.
He doesn’t recognize the number, but when he picks up, he’s asked if he wants to accept the charges of someone in the city jail.  City jail?  What the fuck did Charlie do now?
The way it had become something that they almost looked forward to, the way that he had gone straight to Cas’ apartment when he broke up with Lisa, not only because they were best friends, but for something else as well.
“Tell me what’s wrong?  What happened?  If we talk we can fix it, but if you’re going to be huffy and silent there’s not much that I can do.”
“Why isn’t Pamela getting roped into this?”
“Tell me about this,” Castiel says, his eyes following his feather-light fingers.
Dean’s eyes snap up to Cas’ face, where he’s analyzing his face.  Dean can’t help but feel more than a little nervous.
August 6, 2014
But Dean didn’t go.  He looked at the demon, pulled the Colt out of his pocket.  Cas felt the demon tighten its grip on his throat.
“Okay, since this is your first tattoo, just a couple of things.  Ribs are generally kinda bad, but if it’s too much just let me know, and we can take breaks, whatever you need.  I’ve always thought it sorta feels like a hot mechanical pencil, if that helps you at all.  Also, you’ll be tempted to tense up, but try to just relax, it’s easier that way.  You ready?”
Sometimes, as shitty as it was, they were his only constant, he could always count on the nightmares.
“Okay, what’s the car?” she was dialing the phone, calling him a cab.  It was a nice thing, almost like he was being taken care of.
Pamela stands to face him, hands on her hips.  Charlie and Benny both brace for impact in the background.
Cas brings the girl over in less than five minutes.  Dean could tell the girl didn’t need a lot of persuading.  Her name is Amber and she’s a nursing student at the local college.  She talks his ear off the rest of the evening, not needing much to keep going, and Cas keeps his distance, eventually disappearing entirely after his friend’s set was over, right as Amber bats her eyelashes and asks if he has any plans for the night.
It doesn’t take that long, just thirty minutes until Cas is looking at whatever’s on his arm in the mirror and praising Pamela for her work.  Five more minutes and he comes back, wrapped and ready to go, paying Pamela and Ash with a smile, giving them both hugs and turning towards the door.  Dean is not planning on looking at him, because staring too much would give him away, because he’s always been so great about hiding the way he feels.  But Cas’ magnetic pull lifts his eyes up anyway, and the eye contact that follows is something Dean can only hope to forget with time.  It burns into him, the weight of not being Cas’ first call anymore, the idea that he called someone else to have his tattoo freakout, the idea that he didn’t call anyone at all.  It sorta falls down like a ton of bricks, something that he had been putting off thinking about, avoiding until now, until it was right in front of his face, with nowhere to go.
“So,” Dean pans back, reaching out for another drag of Cas’ rapidly dwindling cigarette.
“Ha ha,” Dean says, slipping by Cas to brush his teeth as well.
“Ugh,” Dean sighs, heaving himself up and sidling up to the fridge, assessing what they still had.  Saturdays were his grocery run days, so by Thursday Charlie had usually cleared them out of any and all snacks, swearing up and down she only took her fair share, but they all knew that was total bullshit, “How’s mac n cheese sound?”
“And,” Dean continued, “Lucifer is here.”
“That so,” Dean can feel his mouth curling, he feels a little feral and Cas’ eyes darken as they look at each other, “Should we make it eight?”
“Oh no, Dean I don’t want to take-”
“Seriously Dean, how many times do you think you can fuck one person in an evening?” Cas is still looking in his bag, Dean grabs it away from his prying eyes.
“Gabriel is producing the revival of a big musical this year.  It’s a new take on a classic,” Cas whispers in his ear.
“What are the chances it’s abandoned?”
Relief floods his brain, and he starts typing, walking away from Charlie who was trying to peek over his shoulder.
“If anyone else asked me, I would say that it was the way that Della rises from her grief, the way she’s able to move past and accept the fact that her husband was not the perfect man she let herself create in his death.  Her growth in the show is one of my favorite arcs in his plays.”
Dean waits for the punchline, but Lisa is standing across the bed from him, arms folded, hair flying, hips set.
“Yeah dude, it’s especially great to put the degree I busted my ass for six years for to good use.  Plus I can pick up girls by saying I’m an engineer so-”
He had pushed Dean into a corner.  Cas knew that Dean would never refuse Bobby if it was a choice between Bobby going with them and Bobby going with a stranger.
Dean, absurdly, thinks of that stupid fucking painting in Cas’ apartment, he thinks of the way, in his dreams, he’s seen this group of people at the back of the line, letting the lesser soldiers throw themselves to the monster, letting them, him, die, and he thinks that that’s Cas.  Cas’ family, his friends, the people that look at Dean like he’s less than, just a dropout tattoo artist covered in inky splotches, and he can’t do this.  He can’t do this, because one day Cas won’t be behind the line, he’ll be the monster that crushes Dean’s ribs like they’re nothing.
Cas laughs, motioning for Dean to drag his sorry ass out of bed and eat his breakfast.
They entered the house, the screen door falling off its hinges, their guns at the ready.
, Dean thinks, the ache in his chest deepening at his own thoughts.
“Dean.”
“It’ll be so fun, everyone’s gonna be dressed up and everything and-”
“Charlie-” Dean begins, but Cas just chuckles as he takes the plate from his hands.  They stand around the tiny kitchen, which is far too cramped to have three people in it, but it feels nice, domestic in a way.  Charlie and Cas pick up right where they left off, she had said more than once that she missed Cas more than he did.  Dean listens to them chatter about theatre and art, and finishes his pie before either of them, right as Sam and Eileen come back from their run, with bagels and, of course, the green smoothies they both love so much.
Dean longed to tell Sam that he couldn’t be around Cas when what he felt for Cas was fabricated. He wanted to tell Sam that he was broken beyond repair, that whatever was left of his heart couldn’t be salvaged, it lay in pieces on the floor, that this hurt him more than almost anything else, because he knew that he had fucked up, that this was wrong, but what was the alternative? Longing glances when the thought Cas couldn’t see? Touching himself at night and thinking of broad shoulders and dark hair and stormy blue eyes? Longing forever for something that Chuck would never allow him to have, that, even if he was in control, he didn’t think he would let himself have? It was better to be alone. He didn’t need attachments, when he and Sam had started this whole thing, when he was 26....so young, that was who he had been. He could go back to that. He could be alone. Because what the hell was the alternative?
“You deserve it, the place looks great.”
“Yeah?”
“Hi Sam,” Eileen has this really awesomely adorable smile and goes straight for Sam the second she put her stuff down, the size difference is hilarious, Sam is literally like a foot and a half taller than her, but it’s so sweet and Sam is so so so happy that Dean turns a little red and puts Eileen’s carrots carefully in the kitchen.
“She’s good.  She calls every day, for me more than for her I think.  She’s telling me all about classes and friends and places that I’m never going to see.”
Dean gave him a crooked smile.
“I’m giving it back to you, aren’t I?”
“You see,” Charlie gestures at him, “that’s growth right there.”
“Don’t bullshit me, Cas, I need to know.”
“Fuck, they’re out of cayenne,” Dean panics for a moment before a bottle appears in his hand, “Thanks Cas.”
___________________
Cas smiles softly, taking his hand.
When they break apart, Dean feels like he’s ten inches taller, standing strong in this assurance from Cas.
“Breakfast?”
He has to physically drag Sam out of bed and toss him on the floor.  So it was going to be one of those days.
“It’s okay, I’ve got you.”
“Hey,” he sounds breathless, and she smiles a little at him, her eyes softening by degrees.
“Sure yes, I like them,” Charlie is typing away furiously on her phone, “Okay Dean, who for you?  Anyone from the plant?”
“Yeah.”
It ends up being a ten minute chase scene, Charlie knows his weakness, and opens the door to the fridge, which is full to bursting with the food that Dean had been cooking for the past week.
Cas lets Dean get back into the swing of things before they try again.  Life goes back to normal.  They go back to not fighting (unless you count who gets to buy the next dinner date or what movie they’re going to not watch before they start fucking on Cas’ couch), they hang out with Sam and Eileen and Charlie and Pamela, Cas spends more and more nights at Dean’s apartment, so much that the bed smells like him and Dean misses him whenever he’s gone.  But the subject of an actual dinner is broached several weeks later, right when Dean is going down on Cas in Cas’ bedroom in the middle of the day.  It’s pretty cool to fuck with the curtains open, he’s never gotten used to that.
“What did he tell you?”
“So are all the insults and shitty remarks just a top-tax bracket way of showing love?”
“And you…I…”
Cas laughs at that.
“Touché.”
Dean hesitates, even after years of being friends with Charlie, he still had trouble saying yes to little things, even if those little things would make him feel a thousand times better.
“I lied to you.”
“Oh hell yeah,” Benny slings himself back to reach for his phone on their little table, immediately beginning their order, “Everyone want their usual?”
“Do you ever get tired of each other?” Charlie asks, and Dean does his best to hide the blush that immediately heats his ears.
“But I mean, if I could get us a house, somewhere quieter, maybe with a yard or a park or something.  Where it wasn’t so loud, so you wouldn’t have to study with noise canceling headphones or wear them to bed or anything.  I don’t know dude, now I have this job I can think about stuff like that.  And I know this isn’t really a place you can bring friends over-”
“Next time I’ll be sure to do it when it’s raining.”
“What the hell are you thinking, Cas?”  Dean stomped up and down, barely able to look at him.  Maybe it was the high, but Cas was feeling a little less than afraid of what Dean would say to him.
, but he’s drunk and Castiel is so pretty and so he lets his fingertips leave burn marks on his skin, like he was retracing the ink.
“It’s not that I don’t want to, I do, in fact this whole thing has been sheer torture because I want nothing more than to take you back there and fuck you until you can’t walk, but let’s just clean slate this.  What do you say?”
Cas stands, shaking the dirt and the moss of his coat.
Dean throws his little mixing spoon at her, which he regrets immediately when she runs out of the room with it.  He needed that.
“Well, uh, here I am,” Dean says, lamely, feeling with every passing second like he never wanted to return to Westchester again.
Dean flicks a stray piece of ice at Charlie’s face.  He has deadly aim, it hits her square in the nose.
“Can you make dinner?”
He had touched Cas a million times, so why did his fingers suddenly itch when they were around each other?  And it wasn’t getting easier, he had thought, maybe, that things would settle down when he had had time to grieve for his relationship with Lisa.  But it felt like the volume was constantly being turned up, and the feedback on the speaker was background noise that drowned everything else out, working hard to push Dean towards something that he didn’t really understand, even if it was about Cas, who he had always thought he understood better than anyone.
book.  She makes him watch the movie and Dean pretends to gag the whole gag through, it makes him feel a little bit more like himself, but the problem remained that she got him back in the end, he wasn’t going to get that lucky.
“Cas and I weren’t-”
One cool night in October, several weeks after his run in with Cas, Dean, Charlie, and Sam are spending a rare night together, as Eileen had gone to visit family in Newport.  Sam had just gotten home from some dinner thing with his firm, a networking event that meant he was dressed to the nines and completely exhausted, and was already scarfing down the sandwich and fries that Dean had made him when he suddenly sat up and looked at Dean with a fearful intensity that did not at all fit the mood that Dean had been trying to cultivate all day.
“You wanna explain this?”
“He talks about you all the time too, I feel like I know you already.”
Running into Cas in Central Park was like taking several long strides backwards for Dean.  He had been doing well, accepting his mistakes, trying to move forward.  He starts dreaming about that stupid fucking painting again, which is just cosmic punishment since it seems to be completely burned into his psyche.  Then he starts dreaming about Chicago, and then Cas, and those nights are so bad he almost wishes he could be a cyborg and never have to sleep again, just be powered off to charge every so often, that would be easier.
Dean tries not to feel viscerally uncomfortable at the idea of how obvious he was clearly being, especially with the way all three of them were looking at him.
“Do you want dinner or not?  You were just complaining that you were hungry, come get some of this.”
“I’ve gotta run from this…he could break me.”
, he chastises himself.
playing quietly as he waited.  He’s decided to be a coward and follow Cas’ lead in not talking about what happened.  He doesn’t want things to change, and he doesn’t want to have to think about how he felt for longer than ten seconds.
“Looked like he had seen a ghost,” Ash says from his perch on the jewelry counter, which he immediately slides off when Pamela gives him the death stare.
The benefit to this is that he doesn’t have time to worry about the big Thing, so everything just sort of slides right back to normal, which is fine by Dean.  The less conflict in his life the better.
Cas’s eyes twinkle, moving from Dean’s face to the Christmas tree and back again.
“I want you too, just not when there’s extra people in the house and we’re both drunk as fuck.”
Dean looks at the linoleum floor.  He won’t meet Cas’ eyes.
He decides to just drive home, knowing that Cas could bum a ride out of anyone if he needed one, plus he had no idea where he was anyway.  The last he had heard from him was a drunken voice memo at three am telling Dean that they needed to try to make jello shots at home sometime.
One moment, one breath, and Dean had pushed Cas over the edge.  He swore that he saw stars.  When he came to, he felt the vibrations of Dean’s laugh in his bare chest.  Cas looked up at him, trying to regain some semblance of composure.
“And I love you.”
“Yeah but uh, wow.”
“I shouldn’t have said anything, your ego’s already too big.”
Castiel.  Fucking gorgeous art dealer Castiel.  Art dealer Castiel who Dean has repeatedly dreamt about because his brain is fucked up and he can’t be normal for ten seconds.  Dressed as a doctor in scrubs and everything because the powers that be just know that Dean has a thing for guys in scrubs and he’s being punished for something.
“Because, even though you’re insufferable ninety percent of the time, I want you to be happy, and the way you came in the door of the shop today screamed nothing but happy to me.”
On the drive back across town, Dean takes some time to reflect.  Realistically, he and Cas couldn’t keep this up.  Dean would meet a girl, Cas would meet…someone, and they would each get married, settle down.  Dean would have kids, Cas wouldn’t.  Dean would have a picket fence and a house in a suburb, Cas wouldn’t.  They couldn’t keep up with the agreement, which was created in a time when they were young and stupid.  They were adults now, real grownups with real jobs, they couldn’t be sneaking around their friends and family and pretending like this didn’t mean anything.  Plus, Dean was straight.  He had only ever been into women and that was that.
He’s not sure how long they stand there, pressed flush against each other, but it’s long enough that they hear Sam stirring in the room next to them.  They pull away, Cas missing Dean’s touch immediately.  Dean reaches up and brushes his thumb along Cas bottom lip.  Cas leans into him, and they stay that way for several moments, before they hear Sam stumbling down the hallway, calling their names.
“Shit, she’s with…well, she’s with a client right now, I’ll let her know-”
“Maybe, but that’s why I have renter’s insurance.”
“Work was good.  I think people there like me but who knows?”
Dean’s heart drops, because he usually refused to talk about Lee, about whatever it is that they were.  But Cas was different, Cas knew about Chicago now, about what Dean had done, and he had still come back to him, when Lisa has sprinted as fast as she could to San Diego.  He could trust Cas, he had to trust Cas.
“Just some random mountains?  Come on,” he pulls insistently at Cas’ hand, meeting his eyes, “Tell me.”
His back hits the wall and Cas is pressed up against him, reaching for the bottle that Dean is holding over his head.  He reflects, at a later date, that neither of them really realized what was happening until it was too late.
“Something seems…different between you two.”
“So do you.  You ready?  I’ve been dreaming of that fucking chicken carbonara for months.”
― Annie Baker, John
“What?  No, no, pretty sure the average age at the firm is 62.  We, um, well…” Sam trails off, looking embarrassed again, “We met at this club I’ve been going to.”
“You have fun last night?” Charlie asks, pointing at the hickies that cover Dean’s neck.
“We’ve gotta burn him.”
“Yeah, maybe we are,” Dean snarks, trying to ignore that Castiel’s hand was tracing the lines of the tattoo on his arm again, “what was your favorite part of the show, then?”
, he thinks.
“Fine, I’ll see if my sister can watch Ben.”
“I don’t think so, it’s my turn to surprise you.”
Cas expected them to stay the night.  After all, it was a good five and a half hours from Kansas City to Sioux Falls.  So, Cas took a load off.  He sat in the house that he and Dean shared when they stayed (
Dean laughs loudly, tossing Cas’ shoes into the corner by the door.  He stands up, rummaging through his dresser drawers for the pack of makeup wipes he had stolen from Charlie for occasions just like this.  He turns back to Cas with a wipe in his hand, grinning at him.
Cas heard the threat in Dean’s voice, and Bobby did not appreciate it.
Dean wakes up at the crack of dawn the next morning and immediately heads to the kitchen, cracking his knuckles and making a strong pot of coffee.  Thanksgiving was a marathon, not a sprint, and he needed to be energized to make the ten-thousand course meal he was planning.  Listen, he had to pull out every stop known to man so they could impress Eileen, and he wasn’t about to start slacking.
Dean laughs.
He takes the drive to think about just how fucking long they’d been together, nearly nine years now.  He had been all brash swagger when they had met, so self-confident in only the way a twenty-one year old with a little bit of an inflated ego and an oversized leather jacket could have.  She was a kinesiology student who was, let’s face it, way out of his league, but they had bonded over their shared love of classic rock and good seafood.  Falling in love with her had been easy, and even when he had told him she had a five year old son and expected him to run in the other direction, he had leaned in (which even surprised him).  At this point, even though their myriad of breakups and fights, being with Lisa was all he knew, and that comfort was something he had always craved, and he certainly didn’t want to let go of now.
“I don’t know, it is pretty crazy when you decide to have two pieces of pie after dinner.”
Thanksgiving approaches too quickly, and Dean is trying to plan a menu that not only accommodates Sam and Charlie’s allergies, but is good enough to impress Eileen, the girl that Sam talks about almost as much as Dean talks about Cas.  He wheedles Sam until he tells him exactly what her favorite kind of pie is, what kind of vegetables she likes best, whether she wants homemade cranberry sauce or canned.  He drags Cas along for his extended grocery shopping trip the Sunday before thanksgiving, and Cas distracts him when he gets into an anxiety hole, something Dean is eternally grateful for.
“They’ll leave,” Cas says quietly.
Dean gave him a classic Dean look.
“Thanks…. Except I used to belong to a much better club.  And now I’m powerless.  I’m hapless, I’m hopeless and why the hell not bury myself in women and decadence right?  It’s the end, baby!  That’s what decadence is for!  Why not bang a few gongs before the lights go out?  But then…that’s just how I roll.”
“Cas, I really think we should talk about this.”
“Some roommates you are,” Dean wheezes as Benny’s arm wraps around his neck.
Cas takes his first bite, and Dean watches him unashamedly, because if it was bad he needed to know it straight up, and he felt like he was pretty good at reading people, even though Cas threw him for a loop sometimes.  Just like now, when this
Before Charlie can retort, her client walks in, and she has to put on the ‘I don’t have a crippling hangover and am ready to start working’ face for the girl, who’s getting an artsy sort of
“Looks like you’re on the slow path to recovery.”
Dean grins.
Dean chokes and starts to laugh.
“You literally weren’t even awake, how do you know I’m grumpy?”
of January.  (It takes ten full minutes of affirmations from Cas for him to be able to face his birthday at all).
“Well Sam’s at work, we’ll have the place to ourselves if you’re down to come to mine.”
“You’re right.  We’ll have to figure something else out.”
“It’s my turn, remember?”
“That’s fine, but we aren’t cancelling our plans, I need you to dick me down at least three times today.”
“I can’t exactly get shitfaced at my boyfriend’s monthly family dinner but thanks.  Plus you haven’t met them, they make the Lannisters seem like a functional family”
“Do I need to remind you what happened the last time we went after this thing?”
“You’re right, you are.  Everything about this has just kicked my anxiety to the next level.  Plus, Anna definitely has not forgotten that I told her to fuck off.”
Dean was never much for hosting, so Cas was the one that welcomed the newcomers in.  Most of them were terrified, especially since they had to keep them in an old barn under observation for the first three hours they were there. Can’t be too careful, you know?  Most of them were just fine, they had one near miss, and Cas hated the sound of gurgling blood and hated the sight of Dean’s hands after even more.
“Oh.  Shit.  Yeah.”
Ah, the impasse.  The solid wall they always hit when they had this kind of fight.  Dean smirked, he knew that he had won.
“Yeah, well, I’ve had a lot of practice.”
He tries, unsuccessfully, to sidle quietly into his room, but no such luck.  Cas is the only one who seems to immediately pick up on his mood, and watches him from his perch on the armrest of the couch.  Charlie and Sam jump up and immediately start chattering away at him.  Dean puts on the best smile he can muster, trying to make his excuses for his room, but they won’t let up, and Lisa’s words and the anger bubble over, misdirected at them because he doesn’t have anyone else to snap at.
Dean tries to count the number of bricks in the wall across from him, but the words still echo endlessly in his mind, begging to be heard again and again, and Dean relents each time.  Maybe he’s a masochist, maybe he just doesn’t want to lose the sound of the angel’s voice.  If he lost that, he really might go crazy, and he was already over halfway there anyway.
“Humans, Cas, humans.”
, he reminds himself, the voice in his head sounding too much like Charlie.
Sam grins, the kind of little-brother glint in his eye that he got when he knew he had Dean on the ropes.
“Fuckin,” Dean starts, and then changes his mind, “Shitty day, I didn’t mean to take it out on you.”
“What’s it?  What am I not getting here?”
He knocks, and when Cas opens the door he feels like he can’t breathe, because he’s just so…. Perfect.  He’s got on a ratty t shirt, never worn out of the house, the kind of t shirt that he and Dean would cook breakfast in, singing and dancing around to shitty pop music Dean was afraid to admit that he liked, and the sweatpants that made him look so damn good, no matter what else was going on.  His eyebrows are raised in surprise, and Dean has to fight not to just pitch forward and kiss him, because he didn’t deserve that.
“You sure about this?” Risa asked, looking at Cas for half a second.
What?  He didn’t mean to say that, can he take that back?  He didn’t mean it like that.
Okay, Cas wasn’t imagining it, Dean was creeping his way closer, bridging the gap between them, and it was all Cas could do, once he realized this, not to take matters into his own hands.  He had learned long ago, however, that Dean had to move at his own pace, or he would never move at all.
“Yeah, a little too convenient if you ask me.”
Dean looks over at him, green eyes catching blue.
“Cas,” he said, without thinking, and immediately wanted another drink.
“That’s interesting, how’d you know you wanted to move here?”
He bites his own lips.
Cas laughs, pressing his lips to Dean’s hair.
“You got any cheddar?”
“Not really, they were all about ten thousand years old,” Dean pauses, but if he couldn’t tell Charlie, who could he tell?, “There was this guy, though-”
“Sounds good to me.”
Pamela puts a too-knowing hand on his shoulder.
“Fine, but you can’t get away from this forever.”
“Fine, tell me about your brother.”
“Of course, come in.” Dean pushes his way inside, the overwhelming clean apartment with its million-dollar finishes cloying him, making is hard to focus, concentrate.  He has to concentrate.
and not much else.  They do spend a good amount of time sitting in the rocking chairs on Cas’ porch, taking in the sea breeze as Cas scribbled in his notebook, humming to himself and tapping his long fingers against the arms of his chair, while Dean simply listened to the ocean and watched the boats pass by, counting the different kinds of birds he could see in the sky, occasionally walking into the water to collect some shells.  It was late summer, so he took advantage of the weather while he could.  The only disadvantage to living here?  Eight months of fucking cold.
Dean had that look on his face when he opened the door.  The “I really want to apologize but was never correctly taught how to so I’m going to fumble around with rods until you forgive me.”  Classic.
Foolishly, Sampson had asked Dean, right when they came back, where Bobby was.  His black eye didn’t heal for weeks and no one else dared mention it.
“What are you working on?”
No such luck.  But then, the Universe had proven time and time and time again that he was never lucky.
He doesn’t know anymore.
“I will literally trade you something in real life,” Dean pleads with him, trying the puppy-dog eye thing that Sam always uses on him, “Sam, I need to bankrupt Charlie.  I need it.”
“Will you stay the night?” Cas asks, an edge of nervousness to his voice, and Dean can’t help but smile, because he feels like he’s in middle school with a crush on someone, in that awkward phase where talking to them would mean certain death, so any interaction was stilted and weird, but he didn’t mind it.  The crush phase was highly underrated.
“What happened to you?”
“Dean, listen to me-”
He sat down at the semi-crowded bar, ordered a whiskey from the pretty bartender, and downed it in one.  It was that kinda night.
“You look hot when you’re like this.”
“You’re being a baby about this.”
“I don’t think I’m getting something here.”
“I’ve seen weirder in New York.”
“Do as I say, not as I do, Sammy.  Next time I’ll be friends with them first.”
“It’s not, uh, like, clean.”
“Semantics.”
“They’re right to be protective of you.  They don’t know me, not really, they don’t know I’m serious about you, they probably just think I want to fuck you up again.  But we have time, even if they don’t like me they can at least get used to me,” he squeezes Cas’ hand, “Listen, don’t worry about it, just crash here, we’ve got tons of food and beer and wine and bad movies.  Let’s just hang out.  Chill, not worry about anything.  Okay?”
When he turned around, Dean had business on his face, and they retreated to the warm Impala where Skynyrd played quietly of the background, and all that mattered was skin to skin, lips on lips, and racing hearts.
“You’re fucking aren’t you?”
“Better now, I’ll tell you that,” Dean is still holding onto the edge of Cas’ couch like a lifeline.
“I guess?  Cas knows we’re coming.”
“Yeah?  How is he?”
“Yes, I’ve thought about it for quite a while, and this is what I want.”
The words echo in his head, bouncing off the walls like one of those shitty 2000s screensavers that he and Sam would stare at when the research had been stalled.
“That’s a good show,” Dean tries to interject, but Charlie continues,
She shakes her head and Benny laughs next to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean snorts at that.  It’s rich guy humor, sure, but Dean can appreciate a joke, no matter who it comes from.
“I do hope that’s all right,” Castiel says, looking a little nervous now.
“Bye Cas.  Um, thanks.”
Dean nodded and did his best not to stomp out of the room, Cas could tell.  He and Bobby sat at the table in silence for a moment.
“Uh, yeah, thanks.”
Needless to say, their latest plot to stop the hundreds of ghosts Chuck had released into the world had not gone so well.  Rowena had tried everything; some of the most powerful magic in the known Universe, but in they had burst, hundreds of them, while Sam, Dean, Cas tried their best to take out as many as they could, there’s only so much three of them can do.  Rowena was weak from the spell and it’s not like Belphegor was chomping at the bit to help, so they had fought their way to the Impala and booked it out of there.
“I was never an art kid, I was too busy getting fucked.”
“Yeah, I figured that much,” Dean paused, his macho air struggling to remain in place, “Don’t…don’t go anywhere.  Okay?”
“I’m just expected to slave over dinner?” Dean clears his throat loudly.
Dean goes all out on thanksgiving, making Benny, Sam, Charlie, Cas, Ellen, and Jo (who is home from college and always willing to team up with Charlie to rile Dean up) sit down in the bar, as he gives them course after course of the best cooking anyone on the Eastern Seaboard could offer.
He drives to her house on the nice side of town, watching as the houses got larger and father apart the closer he got to her house.  It was such a nice, quiet neighborhood.  He had always dreamed in raising Sam in a neighborhood like this, it reminded him of their family home in Kansas.  He and Lisa had thrown around the idea of him and Sam moving in, granted, that was when they weren’t fighting.
Dean balks.  He stops in the middle of the sidewalk so several people have to swerve around him, earning him death glares from the people passing by, but he ignores them.
thing on her arm.  She looks a little nervous but Charlie is all bubbly charm, hiding her hangover flawlessly and hiding the dark circles under her eyes with smiles and laughter and nerdy jokes that are enough to put even the flightiest client at ease.
“Cooking is a science Cas, you’re not going to ruin my masterpiece.”
“Okay, okay.  I’ll lay off.  You came in here for a piece, and that’s my job.  What are you looking to get?”
Charlie rolls her eyes, and switches back immediately to Dean’s date, which is what he’d been trying to scoot her away from.  It’s not like he didn’t want to talk about it, hell, he wanted to shout about it from the rooftops if he could, but it almost felt like, if he talked about it, it wouldn’t actually be real.  Or, that talking about it could make it more real, which, let’s be honest, was just as scary.
“Sup bitches,” she grins, sniffing the air, “Damn, it already smells amazing, good thing I got a tape worm last week.”
“Should we check the house?” Cas asked.
Charlie scoffs.
October 10, 2012
“Twelve years?  That’s quite a period.”
“I know that, that’s why it’s taken this long and a fight with Cas to get you in my chair.  And even then you’re getting Scooby Doo.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to…be with you.  I just feel like, after tonight, it might be better to.”
Charlie, Benny, Pamela, and Dean go to dinner one night after the shop closes, sitting outside, taking in the spring whether by the water, the snaking lines of cars they can see across the bridge, the towering, glittering city an omnipresent shadow.
“Oh that’s nice, that’d make a good chest piece,” she says, resting her chin on Dean’s shoulder.
“Gotcha,” Dean says triumphantly when his playlist of choice (rock bops) begins to play.
“Thank you, Dean.  I appreciate you telling me.”
“Dean, I don’t think we should be here.”
The movie was just what he needed, he thinks later that night, as he gives Cas a ride home so he can get a couple of hours of sleep before they both work in the morning.  He puts the car in park next to Cas’ door, trying to minimize how far he has to walk to his door, but Cas doesn’t get out immediately.  He turns to Dean, looking almost shy.
“You will be when I finish with you,” Dean raises his eyebrows suggestively, making Cas roll his eyes.
“And that’s bad because-”
“Yeah?  You’re in jail?”
And it’s not like he could admit what happened, they kept the secret, it was part of the agreement, which was, in fact, written out, a document that they had gotten notarized a bank after the first time, much to the bank teller’s shock and horror when she read the first paragraph.
“I’m serious,
Before Dean can broach the subject of bringing out their winter clothes and taking Sam shopping for all the shit he’s undoubtedly outgrown in the last year, there’s a bang on the door.  Both of their heads snap to it, waiting for Charlie and Benny to stumble through, shitfaced no doubt.  There’s another bang.  Dean looks at his watch, it was only 11:30, too early for them to be done.
“Dean,” they don’t look at each other, and the energy is so weird and Dean hates this, he absolutely hates it, and he knows it’s by Pamela’s design.
“Assuming we can find the Colt first.  Now,” Dean said, smoothing a map of the city out on the table, “From what I’ve heard, the Colt is here.”
. That’s what John has always spit at him when he had made a mistake. Whether that was on a hunt or by not making Sam breakfast, that was John’s go to word for Dean. And Dean believed him. Everyone he had ever loved had either died or left him, pretty clear evidence that he really was unloveable.
“Oh yeah?” Benny rolls his eyes, smirking at Dean, “I could take you any day of the week.”
Cas is laughing, laughing so hard that he nearly falls off Dean’s bed.
?!” Dean and Charlie exclaim together, drawing stares from the people around them, and Sam flaps his hands, trying to get them to be quiet.
“I have no idea why you’re surprised,” Cas slides closer to Dean, running a hand through Dean’s hair, “You’re unfairly good looking really.”
Cas scrubs a hand over his face, tossing down the plastic evidence bag with his phone, wallet, and keys on his kitchen table.  He sinks down in a kitchen chair before answering, like he’s weighing every word.
Castiel doesn’t say anything, he’s going to drive Dean absolutely crazy.
“I really am sorry.”
“I don’t intend to, but I do have some, uh, allergies that might-”
Dean’s nightmare of the painting is more vivid that night.  He dreams that the monster that crushes him doesn’t look like a monster, but has the face of an angel, with blue eyes and dark hair.  It crushes him, whispering promises of love and stability in his ears.  He is afraid, terribly afraid.
“What year are you from?”
“Are you incapable of being surprised?”
“Yeah, let me taste that sauce, it looks good.”
“You the artist?”
“She’s lovely,” and Dean can feel Cas’ eyes on him which makes him feel like he’s under a heat lamp.
“You could come trick or treating with me and Celeste,” Benny leans on the just-cleaned counter.  Dean smacks him with the washcloth.
“Yeah.  Yeah, me too.”
“Those knives get used now.  You use them.”
“Touché.”
“Everyone always knows my business,” he pouts, “I’m never allowed to have any secrets.”
Sam is, of course, thrilled that Dean is going on another date, since he , as Sam pointed out, hadn’t been on a “real date” in over a year, and that had ended with nothing but a diner he wasn’t allowed to frequent and a black eye that hadn’t healed for nearly three weeks.
“Speaking of great, your hair turned out really nice, Cas,” Jo grins at him, and Cas breaks away from Dean.  Dean doesn’t understand why he misses the contact immediately.
Cas rolls his eyes, already snarfing down his breakfast.
They don’t bring Dean’s big meltdown up again, and Dean is thoroughly embarrassed about it, but Cas treats him gently and still fucks him senseless, so Dean doesn’t have time to obsesses over it.
Cas’ eyes are cold, he’s set in the doorway, arms crossed, body hunched away from Dean to protect himself.  It breaks Dean’s heart a little.
Well nothing was different, they were doing the same thing they’d been doing for years.  It did not make Dean feel good that other people were picking up on the energy change though.
“I get it, you don’t have to say anything else.”
Dean doesn’t say anything else, he just turns on his heel and slams the door to his bedroom, where it was dark and quiet and no one would bother him.  He thinks he needs to wash his sheets, because the other side of the bed still smells like Cas, and if he falls asleep on the wrong side, clutching a pillow and trying to keep the realization that he had maybe majorly fucked up at bay, that’s no one else’s business.
“I really must look pathetic.”
“Risa, you know I have to go in there.”
“Okay.  Yeah.  Sure.”
“Is that what you’re worried about?  Cold feet?”
“How do you mean?”
Cas crosses to the mirror again, and even from where he is, Dean can hear him inhale as he looks at it.  Dean isn’t sure if this is a good idea, but he goes over to Cas, and realizes, with a pang in his chest, that Cas is crying.
“I’ll see you later.”
“Oh yeah, what’s that?”
“We did.  My dad, he wasn’t around a lot, so it was down to me to cook for Sam, who’s a very picky eater, so I had to get creative a lot of the time, even if we just had a hot plate.  I always liked doing it too, and so when I moved here and got a real kitchen that was pretty much all mine I really went crazy.  I really just like to make stuff that I like, and like of course I’ll accommodate people if they have allergies or something, but if it tastes good to me, the happier I am cooking it.”
“Oh thank you very much, I do appreciate it,” Castiel says to him, a playful edge to his voice, but before Dean can respond, Castiel steps forward, so that he’s really into Dean’s space, like literally inches apart, and Dean can feel his own heartbeat loud in his ears as Castiel whispers in his ear,
“Come on, man, you’ll have a good time, you love Halloween.”
“Get away from my green bean casserole!”
“I’ve been to them before, with you and Charlie.”
Dean privately thinks that he didn’t have a relationship this dysfunctional with Sam.  There are some seriously malicious undertones to everything they’re saying to each other, like they had to watch every step they took, lest they set off a land mine.  Dean remembers Cas saying that he really loved spending time with his siblings.  What the hell is Dean missing here?  He doesn’t like to judge, but the vibes he’s getting from them are not of a family that really enjoys being around each other.  More like a pack of wolves that’s starving, searching for the weakest link, ready to attack as soon as any weakness was shown.
“Cas dude,
“What were you going to say, then?”
This kiss was a part of all the others, wild like the first, sweet like the first night, bright like the proposal, soft and hungry like the ones last night, and a promise like the one at the other end of the aisle.
“This looks great, honey,” Ellen kisses his cheek as he sets the turkey in front of her, settling himself next to Cas, who squeezes his knee under the table.
“You are spiraling and it’s driving me insane.  You gotta snap out of it.”
“Fuck.  Fuck fuck fuck fuck.”
ten minutes before midnight.  His Dean comes up to the truck, where Cas was laid up in the passenger side, eyes closed, feet on the dash.  He expected him to make an appearance, but was surprised to find him alone.
“We, um, we’re sleeping with each other, and he said some shit I didn’t agree with, it got heated, and I hit him.  But he was on duty so he took me in.”
“I don’t actually, don’t have many hookups, and certainly don’t bring them here.”
Cas paused, remembering Michael’s words.
Cas nudges his shoulder with his own, giving him the sideways smile that he was really truly pleased.
He spent the next seven years learning everything from Bobby, from starting to tattoo on rinds of fruit, to pigskin from the butcher shop down the block, finally giving his first tattoo to Bobby, a little arrow on the inside of Bobby’s finger.  A right of passage, Bobby had said, Lee and Ash had done the same.  He had been able to create his own style in Bobby’s shop, keeping up with Sam through cell phone numbers and email addresses that changed every week, lest John catch them.
“Cool,” Dean leans in to kiss him, and it takes more than he’d like to admit to break away.
“Is this the end of our evening here?”
The walk down the hallway to the living room is the longest of Dean’s life.  He feels like he’s walking down a hallway to his demise, this is a worst case scenario, the type of thing he sees in movies.  This doesn’t happen in real life, does it?  Where they get caught and the first meeting is post sex that the family hears?  Fuck.  He was so fucked.  And not in the good way.
“Harlem will still be there in ten minutes.  Look at me.”
“Do I need to remind you to you nearly kicked in my door a couple of seconds ago?  Close your eyes, I’m almost done.”
Dean looked down the street, broken apart by the end of the world.  Cas saw him desperately trying to make eye contact, to connect with Sam, but Sam was long gone.
“Don’t lose what you have in Dean, Cas.  He needs you, even though he wouldn’t ever say it.”
“Pigs are some of nature’s smartest animals, I take it as a compliment.”
Dean crosses his heart.
Dean’s eyes raise in that way, that telltale way that Cas knows means he’s about to get told off.
“Oh good, I was hoping I made some sort of impression on you.”
Dean searched for answers in his face.  It’s not like he was going to find any, Cas didn’t even know what was going on.
“You don’t have any-”
The second they walk in the door some dude offers to take their coats.  Dean really wants to refuse because he doesn’t like his shit being out of his sight, even at some swanky art gallery, but Sam’s face tells him he doesn’t have a choice in the matter, so he hands it off to the dude, who gives him a numbered card in return.  Cool.  Weird.  Some band is playing jazz that Dean associates with mall bathrooms, there’s recessed mood lighting, and people in tuxedos and dresses that probably cost more than their entire apartment building.  Dean notices that there’s an open bar with a dude that looks like a penguin serving top shelf liquor for no charge.  Fuck yeah.
“How’s Jo doing in school?”
story window if he’s not careful.
“You know me, I’m into all kinds of music.  Remember that one time we put my music on shuffle and tried to count the genres?”
Dean pauses, unable to take his eyes off Cas, because what does this mean?  That Cas wants his art on his body forever?  Is it forgiveness?  He doesn’t know.
Cas gives him another one of those soft smiles, it looks the way a down pillow feels, and Dean wants to sink into it, but his dinner plans weren’t over yet, and he had sworn to himself that he would not, under any circumstances, jump Cas’ bones until they were well and truly done with dinner.
“Remember what I said, Dean,” Pamela tells him as she hands him his aftercare instructions and his receipt, “Life’s too short for all this, and you and Cas are worth the fight you know?”
“I have to mentally prepare okay, I have a date tonight and it needs to go well, so keep it down.”
“Bobby listen to me, you have to at least see the place.  See it and then make the decision.”
Dean ducks out as soon as he can escape, needing the cold air on his face for a second, even just to sober up.  Of course, because they’re one in the same, he finds Cas out there too, in nothing but a tank top and sweatpants and sliders, smoking a cigarette and staring at the dark sky, only warmed with light pollution of the bustling town.  Snow is starting to fall and it’s bitterly cold, Dean has no idea how Cas isn’t turning into an icicle before his very eyes.
Lisa’s arms are crossed, he can tell they’re getting into the meat of the issue.  Their voices are rising and the color is rising in her cheeks.  They didn’t used to fight like this, and Dean is suddenly hit, like a ton of bricks, how fucking unhappy he is when he’s with her.  He always has to walk on eggshells, make sure he doesn’t say the wrong thing.  And he knows she feels the same, no matter what they do, they’re always stepping on each other’s toes.  How would that work if they decided to move in together?  If they got married.  He wouldn’t survive this marriage without Cas, and that right there is a big problem.
“Oh I am
“Uh.  Yeah.  Can you come get me?  Contact Adrian, that bail bondsman I know?  If he won’t let you get off with my word I swear I’ll pay you back.  They’re holding me for three grand so-”
“So you weren’t making him up then, Castiel?” Gabriel winks at him, and Dean feels a blush creeping up his cheeks, giving his bad boy persona away immediately.
Cas laughs.
Dean fake gags and walks back over to the guy he’s consulting with.  He doesn’t hate sushi, but it does mean that he’s going to be hungry in like three hours after they eat, no matter how much he orders.
Cas leans against the counter, watching Dean watch his pie.
“I told you, it’s amazing.”
“That new
He’s lying.  Cas didn’t treat him like that.  He hates himself for not letting himself be happy, but being happy now can get you hurt in the long run, and he’s a control freak, he has to call the shots.
“Well where the hell have you been?” Pamela asks, cutting through the tension like a knife cuts through soft butter.
“I’ve had a really good time with you tonight.”
The driveway isn’t too long, isn’t too short, perfectly wide enough for the Impala, leading him to a bright little clearing facing a clear glass lake.  There’s a detached garage nestled in between the tall trees, and a small house positioned with a perfect view of the water.  It’s such a pretty place, and something tells Dean to get out of the car.  He follows his impulses, turning off the car and leaving the keys in the ignition, no one’s going to boost it in Heaven, after all.
“Listen Pam, I get where you’re coming from, I do, but he’s, I don’t know, he’s like perfect.  Like
Cas found himself snooping around one day when they came back.  He saw Dean’s Jeep but hadn’t seen Dean, and he was done being in the dark about this whole thing.  He knew wherever Dean was, Risa and Yaeger weren’t far behind.
“Not tonight, Cas,” he whispers, and Cas whines, touching Dean through his jeans.  But Dean, with a supreme effort, sits up, putting space between them.  He drags his hand a little softly down the side of Castiel’s face.  He kisses him, gently, a little less desperately.
“I’m a tattoo artist, own a shop in Brooklyn, actually. Kashmir Studio.”
Sam’s face is full of concern, always so worried about him.  Almost as worried as Dean got about him.
“Oh, that’s cool.”
“He wasn’t even that hot,” Dean lies, knowing that they could see right through him.  He does his best not to think about just how hot Castiel actually was.  He definitely avoids thinking about his decidedly elegant hands and how broad his shoulders were and the way his eyes glinted when they looked at Dean.
He stayed where he was, gripping the edge of the table, his knuckles turning white and his fingers going numb from lack of circulation. He wanted that numbness to spread all over his body, calm his aching beating heart. He was still so angry. Angry at Cas, at Chuck, at Belphegor, at Rowena, at Sam, at Mary, at John, at the whole goddamn world for making him the one that had to save everyone, that Chuck had dictated every single second of his life and made him fall so in love with a stupid angel with his black hair and his blue eyes and his broken wings.
Dean’s brain is not working.  It’s short-circuiting.
“Partially, they are protective of me, Anna and Balthazar especially, but they were all eager to meet you.  I suspect she was probably drunk.”
“Save my seat,” he tells Jo and Sam, and he steps back towards where he thinks the backstage area would be.  Benny pokes his head around a door down the hall and motions Dean towards him.  Dean lengthens his stride.
Cas is flipping idly through a magazine when Dean comes back, looking about as nonchalant as you can get when you’re about to get a tattoo from your ex.
“Well, you know I can’t actually-”
“Yeah, celebrating for sure.  Mostly Charlie and I came to get fucked up, but she ditched me for the first girl she could find so I guess I’m on my own.”
There’s a bang on the door, the color drains from Dean’s face as they look at each other.
“Good luck.  Be careful.  Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” Charlie smirks at Dean’s nervous energy.
“Cas.”
“Yes,” said Cas, still interested in his back, the phantom pain of his wings still lingering.
“So Dean, when did you get into tattooing?” It seems like a loaded question coming from Balthazar, who settles his chin in his hand, looking too innocent, like the type of carnivorous plant that seduces bugs to land on it, promising nectar that traps them.
Cas thought.  Dean’s stare was intense, and his question wasn’t really a question, he knew what Cas was going to say.  He’s an open book for Dean, physically and mentally.  It drove him fucking nuts.
Thank you guys so much for reading, I really appreciate you guys so much and would love to know what you think! <3
Dean kisses him and draws him in closer.  Any space between them was too much.
That’s definitely enough to peak Dean’s interest, anything to do with Benny’s kid and he’s all ears.  She has him wrapped around her fingers and that’s never going to change.  So Dean sits across from Benny all heart eyes and soft smiles as he shows him pictures Andrea took of her first practice, holding Benny’s phone with reverence as he watches the video of her accidentally kicking another girl in the face.
“Oh yeah?  Name me one thing I wouldn’t do.”
Damn, he thought he’d be by himself, he forgot Charlie had taken late shift on Fridays.
“No, but I thought it would go a little better than…that.”
Dean ends up hanging out in the corner, waiting for Cas to say his goodbyes so they could escape into the night.  Dean hopes he can convince Cas to go back to Brooklyn, he’ll even be grateful to get on the train after this.  He needs some distance from Manhattan for a second.
“You have no idea how much I missed it.  It’s too cold.”
“Okay.  I’m crazy, but okay.”
Dean sends an appealing look to Benny for help, but he just shrugs and says,
“You’re a shithead,” Benny laughs, and Charlie’s façade breaks almost immediately.
“Uh,” he clears his throat, feeling his face heat up like a hot skillet, “Not tonight Cas, I gotta get Sam going in the morning.”
“I don’t think this is going to work, Dean.  We could get ambushed ten ways from Sunday.”
“I really am so sorry, I’ll make it up to you.”
Dean sinks down onto Cas’ bed, head in his hands.  He needs to be home, he needs to make sure that Sam gets to school on time and catches that ride with his friend Max after school to go study and make sure he gets a good breakfast.  He doesn’t need to be standing in front of Cas crying like a baby at two in the morning.  This was asking for trouble.  He should go home, he should go home, he should go home.
“Wow, you?  I never would’ve thought, you’re usually so level-headed.”
Dean doesn’t want to apologize because he doesn’t feel like he did anything wrong.  That must be written all over his face because Cas rolls his eyes again, shoulders dropping.
“Why are you afraid of getting too close to me?”
Cas felt his back gingerly.  Nothing.  No blood, no feathers.  His heart was racing from the pain.  It didn’t normally feel like this, he felt like it was going to burst out his chest.
Cas bites his lip, staring at Dean’s mouth, and Dean feels the color rising in his face.  They’re staring at each other, each waiting for the other to make the first move, when Benny appears in the doorway.
Sam tells Dean all about the girl he’s now been on three dates with, Jessica, and how he was hoping to ask her to his winter formal at the end of the year.  Dean listens intently, trying to come up with the best way to ask her.  Nothing too cheesy, nothing too over the top.  Dean remembers the time he had asked Lisa to a fancy dinner in a tuxedo, but Sam nixes that, they would be hanging out in a few weeks with their friends, and a full tuxedo might give the game away.
The ocean laps quietly at the sand, reminding Dean to stay grounded and not just fly away, but he’s so tightly wrapped around Cas he doesn’t think he would make it very far.
They end up in Dean’s room, Cas sitting on the edge of the bed, sinking into the memory foam that Dean is so proud of, while Dean pulls his desk chair around, setting up shop on the bedside table.  Hydrogen peroxide, thread, a sterilized needle, soap and water, clean bandages, all the things that Cas had seen Dean use a thousand times.  Cas looks around for Dean, and finds him in front of his stereo and cassette tapes.
Dean rolled his eyes, and Cas hoped beyond hope that he wasn’t imagining Dean inching his chair closer to Cas.
“Yes, thank you Hannah, I’ll be right there.”
“Are you okay?” Cas is grinning now, sitting up to look Dean full in the face, “My offer to get you laid.”
Dean is in a haze as he rides the train home, a hickey or two visible on his neck as he thinks about Castiel’s hot breath and his hands and the noises he made when Dean kissed his neck.  He doesn’t even mind the trek back to his apartment from the station, he sort of feels like he’s walking on air, like he’s moving faster than usual. He gets to his own apartment, worlds away from Cas’ high rise on Park Avenue, and he tries to shut the door quietly, kicking off his boots at the door.  He doesn’t even shower, just collapses into bed, plugging in his phone and sees he has a message from Cas.
“Why?  Did I wear you out?”
Sam though?  That wasn’t as easy.  And Dean still has no idea how he even found out about what happened.
