Just drown him a little.
a dream, and he whooped with Sherlock's soaring heart as the seal bounded forward, finally appearing into the sunlight in his excitement and desire to become part of the small group of ragamuffin seals that seemed so friendly, so inviting.
If only he had
“I have a
to rearrange themselves to at least appear normal and uniform, even if underneath Sherlock and John were anything but.
him, but it’s not a lie.” He shrunk back into his seat, a study in dread. “The prince might have died a long time ago, but the story itself is not a lie. My father… before he passed… He knew the king. He met him once, back when there was peace.” Xavi looked to Nalini then, quietly hopeful. “If the prince
He had fallen asleep in his chair again. Something that had become a habit he couldn't break. He always seemed to dream when he fell asleep sitting up, though he wasn't sure why.
“Quickly Mrs. Hudson. As unobtrusively as you can, can you tell me if there's anything noticeably different about John? Anything at all, a change in mood or how he interacted with you.”
Sadly, he was not disappointed that first night lying next to John. The Water Spirit woke to a thick fog, the mist and shade of his own inner-workings, a full moon overhead alighting his mother in all of her radiance before him. He could already tell as he saw her that she was unhappy. There was a tightness about her lips, and her hands were clasped tightly before her. Her eyes were milk-white, the colour of one using magic to project themselves. Of course, she could not really be there.
But John
In fact, John quickly learned to take it as a warning sign that something was off if Sherlock made a sound at all.
Wilkes turned, and revealed in his hand was a silver remote. John felt Sherlock stiffen behind him, and noticed how many of the Dragons about him ducked their heads that much lower. The smell of hatred and fear was wild and feral in his nose. As a
Greg’s face flushed a bit in embarrassment. He set a hand down on the young Dragon’s shoulder, glancing at Mycroft apologetically.
John kept his eyes closed, afraid of what he might glance on Sherlock's face. He kept his head bowed until long, elegant fingers gripped his shoulders, and a low, rumbling voice sounded by his ear. Hesitant, but sure.
The detective would not abide by it.
“I know.”
His chest heaved with the knowledge, as did his stomach, and black spots danced before his eyes. It was instinct that had Sherlock’s body moving, turning himself over onto what he now knew was not grass, but scummy pool tile. The detective vomited violently, hacking and coughing out water from his lungs. Each heave wracked his frame, and his ribs ached with the pull of it until he was trembling.
Mercifully, both of the women didn’t seem particularly scandalised, or at least had the understanding and grace not to show it.
So many people with so little scruples. Everyone's just a
Yet just when he opens his mouth, the Doctor cuts him off with a strained smile.
“John?”
When had Sherlock begun to take
“You have questions.”
Sure enough, Stamford was trembling. Not terribly so, but enough to effectively distract John from his terror. He turned to help his friend as Sherlock looked pensively at Dodge, mentally taking her apart piece by piece.
John's sleep was dreamless.
If he hurried, he might be even able to get back before nightfall.
The courtyard alone was larger than the entirety of the military compound, and it was filled with a garden that as as manicured and lovely as the servants tending to it. Roses bloomed, watered carefully under the heat, and they basked in the sun in vivid shades of plum and fuchsia. They sat next to Marigolds, sun-yellow and cheerful, and trees that twisted and knotted in on themselves until they made elegant sculptures of animals and shapes that played tricks on John’s eyes. He tried not to gape- but it was difficult as he passed the centrepiece- a fountain that stood in glorious display. It trickled life-giving water into troughs that wove through the courtyard, topped with a white Dragon seemingly surrounded by flames.
of you, Sherlock.”
As the last dying rays of sunlight disappeared, darkness began to seep grey and paint a blanket over Recheinbach. People drew their cloaks more tightly about them, and unlike the ceremony before there was an aura of unease. The cheer that had once painted the village seemed to grow stale and stagnant, freezing over even as they looked uneasily to the sky, where dark clouds began to form and rumble with menacing promise. John stood tall, even as the wind rocked him, blasted back his hair from his face. His eyes glittered hatred, and in his chest his heart pounded, burned.
John.” Sherlock looked supremely uncomfortable with the outburst of emotion, but there was also a vulnerability in his posture. He was still listening to what John had to say, not just placating him. “Technically, it is
Mike waved him down with single-minded friendliness however, ignoring John’s prickly greeting and smiling at him even while reminiscing briefly over their war days together. The army doctor admitted privately to himself that he did like Mike, and the extra offer to buy coffee soothed wounds left open by thoughtless comments about how “Last he heard, he was getting shot at”. Sitting side by side on cold benches, John cupped his coffee and drank it slowly, letting Mike’s company warm him as much as the drink.
“Why?”
The detective sounded vaguely perplexed. John could feel those elegant fingers tighten against his shoulders.
would be more reserved with having strangers look at them. However he was not the one who had made those cuts, and so he felt little responsibility or guilt over them. At least, he told himself that as her fingers gently traced the lines, his cigarette almost burning his fingers as he let it alone too long.
was in pain and
It was more than that.
They rode in relative silence for a while longer, the only sounds being the medic occasionally asking his assistant for some tool or another. John’s breathing was a rough, laboured thing, but it stayed consistent. For that much, Hajera thanked God.
Reaching her waist.
Luckily, it was at that moment that Sherlock’s brain seemed to come back online, and his voice, rough with desperation held Greg back from voicing his building accusations.
Always try and remain in the waves. His kind had a distinct advantage when it came to their ability to swim (he tried not to think of who taught him that).
Thanks as always to my fantastic beta
through their link even as Soo Lin determinedly at the floor, lips twitching free from their usual resolve before smoothing over once more. Andy, seeming to understand that Sherlock was ill at ease, offered a small truce.
kill them...”
Sherlock or Shyla, whichever his sibling picked, the youngest Holmes did not do well without someone looking after them.
by everyone he'd ever known and loved. To be chained to a bed like a
looked at it with all of the shock and adoration such a glorious thing deserved.
“But he wasn't a very nice man.”
a puppet cut from its strings, collapsed in a slump on the floor. It was eerie, that clear blue gaze that seemed to fix on the detective and yet not really see him. Shell-shocked, would be an apt description.
She gestured to the many piles of cushions that surrounded her throne, taking her own seat gracefully as John, Dodge and Cerioth each made themselves comfortable. The pillows smelled of spices- jasmine and clove, and John resisted the urge to sneeze valiantly even as he cross his legs, facing the Queen cautiously. Rania herself say delicately, high-born through and through in her mannerisms, even in the way she offered each a cup of tea from a steaming porcelain teapot. It was a beautiful thing, painted with swirling designs of birds and flowers. The tea itself made John’s throat warm with comfort, and he tasted long-forgotten flavours of chai and oolong.
The detective grinned widely like he had just been given a Christmas present all tied up with silver bows and bells at the admittance. His hands came rest briefly on his knee before they reached for his cup, sipping his tea even though it had begun to go cold in its saucer.
Sherlock’s next thought was to his leg, which he noticed was no longer hurting him quite so badly. Looking down, the Dragon noted that it had been bandaged. The state of it suggested he had been asleep for a while, as it only stung when he leaned too much upon it.
good. I'll have to do it again tomorrow morning, but overall your back looks like it'll heal up nicely. I got a few other things for you, if you'd like to see them.”
Although neither of them understood the insult, they both felt the sting of the words. It was in the way that the people, now quiet and still, glared at them. It was in the way they shouted abuse.
Settling down in the old rocker that his own mother had used when John was a baby to lull him to sleep, the army doctor sat with his hands clasped between his knees. In the distance, thunder rumbled. Somewhere downstairs, the message machine of the phone bleeped. Mike's voice, concerned but still jovial, drifted in muffled tones up the stairs. Asking if he was all right, if he had left early because he hadn't been feeling well.
“Four hundred years ago.” Greg reminded, eyebrows raising slightly as he shrugged. “Long before either of us were born.”
John felt a little proud. He wasn’t as useless as he’d feared! He couldn’t help beaming a little, feeling more confident than he had a moment ago.
“What do you ask of me?”
Sherlock looked up at John from where he had been sitting on the sofa, surrounded by four separate laptops. Perhaps, John reflected, the detective wasn’t the best individual to ask this question. Still, he could feel Sherlock’s gaze pinned to the back of his neck, a familiar presence even as he kept himself busy rummaging through the fridge. There were body parts in there that needed to be disposed of before safe consumption of food could happen. Then there was the dishes, and the floor was a mess due to that soap-based experiment…
it was a test. All of it. Right down to the original invite. My job is to see whether or not you have made your Dragon into a suitable soldier for the army, and my conclusion from these events is that you
It was raining the night that he had been called in for a drugs bust that would introduce him to Sherlock Holmes. It would be a night that Lestrade wouldn’t easily forget, if only because it was December and he had been called in over his supposed Christmas holidays to handle the case. It would be the beginning of a chink between the bond he shared with his wife. Lestrade had stood outside the abandoned building with his hands deep in his pockets and his back braced against the chill droplets of rain, his coat doing little to shelter him from the downpour. The blue lights of his police car had been smeared beacons in the darkness, alighting the faces of his team as they prepared to barge their way into the string of flats before them.
“Goodbye, Sherlock Holmes.”
Of course, this only happened when the
While running , Sherlock thought about dark curls. Blue eyes. Frosted snow beneath his feet.
John didn't notice when he had stopped humming, instead only pausing when he realised he had. For the last dying echoes of his song seemed to hang in the cottage eerily, and lingered on his lips lyrics almost forgotten.
John twists about and sees a rather high-strung looking girl smiling nervously at the doorway, her hair tied away from her face in a severe-looking ponytail. What the soldier didn't notice is in that instant Sherlock risked a peek up at the new man standing before him, eyes narrowing in silent calculation.
“Need... Explain... Not...” Then he broke off and the detective
“You must be my dorm-mate, Sherlock. I'm Victor Trevor, the headmaster told me about you.” The young man at Sherlock's responding silence seemed to shrink a little bit into himself, his smile fading as the darkly-curled teen didn't reciprocate his greeting. Sherlock stared harshly at the stranger, blue eyes narrowed in distrust even as he lazily drawled
with it you fat fool! All of this building up to what you want to say to me and you can’t even tell that my head is
end of its weight scale. It was also long, serpentine in shape, yet not as snake-like as a Chinese Dragon. It muscles underneath the flesh, rope-like tendons that quivered with power despite a life of malnourishment and mistreatment. Its arms and legs especially held a powerful sort of quality, and its hands and feet were long and almost Human-like in the sense that they were built to grip things. They were the approximate size of dust-bin lids. Finally, there was the length of its tail and horns. Like a live snake the tail twitched even in the beasts' sleep like it had a mind of its own as it thrashed agitatedly. John curled further against the wall, unwilling to be speared alive by its whip-like power by accident. The creature's horns crested the top of its head like twin daggers, dark black and sitting between two ears that flicked in a goat-like manner at any kind of noise.
No, he could
that he couldn't quite name and staunchly refused to acknowledge, but it also made his legs wobbly. Soon the two Handlers noticed his quiet stalking.
He fired, arrow whizzing through the air straight and deadly, finding its home directly in the centre of the demon’s forehead. With a shriek the creature fell, tumbling from the air and falling past John to the outside of the wall. Gripping his shoulder tightly and forcing himself to push past the phantom ache, John rose back to his feet. What he saw as he looked over the wall was a battle that was already well under way. In the span of a few moments, the wooden defenses that had stood peaceful and statuesque were crawling with smoky shadows, his men engaged in combat with hordes of inhuman monsters. Yet it was unlike the year before, where John had witnessed a bloodbath consisting of his people. No, this time, it was quickly evident that all of his and Greg’s hard work had come to fruition.
thing John wanted to do was make his partner feel uncomfortable in intimacy.
After punching Mycroft,  Sherlock had ran. His shoes pounding hard on the pavement, nearly slipping from the night’s rain. His breath streaming cold in the winter air. Great, heaving gasps broke from his lips, trembling in clouds before his face and obstructing his vision almost as much as the damning wetness collecting in his eyes. Hot and burning, the tears soaked into his sleeve, pressed to his face.
a knife from its home in The Skull, only to bury it hilt-deep into the rectangular cardboard. The game hung limply against the wall , displaying his anger with himself.
She was always tired after using that particular spell, yet the fear of all the paperwork she’d have to do the moment she was better left her itching, wishing she could be free of the soft blankets and pillows she had found herself ensnared in. She huffed at the star-painted ceiling above her unseeingly, the dark waves of her hair fanned out across the pillow. Beside her, Ryuk slept on, as exhausted as she should have been yet wasn’t.
Instead, Sherlock made do by filling the small area with things that he could claim as his own. He liked to have his clothes scattered about the floor, his own scent permeating the room with them, mingled with a few of John's jumpers when he was in a good mood. When he wasn't those jumpers were often tossed down the hall angrily. Sherlock began writing pages upon pages in his own language, formulas and Spells tacked to the walls for later analysis. Strangely enough, John noticed the Dragon was spartan-like in the organisation of his sock-index.
greets them with dusted shelves, empty walls and two bedrooms that sit with hushed breaths as if only awaiting for their return. It is more than either of them truthfully expect, Sherlock having been living on the streets and John with Mary for so long. Hand in hand in the shadow of the stairs, the army doctor looks up at Sherlock. His eyes are dark blue, patient and kind, and the detective takes a moment to once again think about the fact that John is with him, present. He blinks back the wave of emotion that sweeps over him with that feeling, nearly swaying on the spot with the weight of it.
“It means that we need to pay a visit to Lestrade, because people are going to begin to die if we don’t figure out the case soon.”
The obsessive way in which Sherlock traced the plate sent flutterings of unease through John's throat. It seemed the man before him was little more than bones and skin, but it was clear by the way the detective glared down at the dish in offended indignation that he didn't think as much. No, if Sherlock were allowed to slip away like this, then John would find himself awake much of the night, listening for the sound of someone moving, lest they make their way to the bathroom and-
Sherlock paused in his haste to get into the cab that pulled to the kerb for him, wondering for a moment if he had actually heard correctly. Inside the cab, the driver looked at him with a raised eyebrow muttering to him to “Get the hell in if he wanted a ride.”
“Both then.”
The Selkie was warm, nearly feverish to the touch, and felt like a furnace under John’s hands felt as he had chilled himself by hiding out downstairs for most of the night. For such a tall creature, Sherlock curled up rather easily, tucking his face instinctively into the crook between John’s neck and shoulder. At the contact, the Selkie let out a feeble whimper of pain.
ending in extreme violence.” John huffed a small laugh, even as unshed tears filled his eyes. Still he held Sherlock to his chest like a child, hands running through those dark curls gently. Tenderly.
Whimpering, Claude hesitantly nodded again, wiping her cheeks with the palms of her hands. She felt as if they came away smeared with blood.
It was then that Andy's voice barked over the din, shouting even as Soo Lin in front of him transformed defensively, imperial-blue scales shimmering as she hissed steam through her muzzle threateningly. The curly-haired soldier was grimly battening down the hatches, closing and locking breakables into one container together, strapping patients down to face whatever monsters he was expecting. His voice did not waver as he made orders easily, and John saw in that moment that the man was likely a Captain.
He thinks the sun would be warm.
“There’s been a break. In the case, I mean.”
had described the blackouts in the past, that fact was a strange and rare occurrence. Normally, the army doctor admitted to changing his personalities anywhere from once to twice a week, and never the same personality, judging from the situations that
Sherlock dreamed he could feel warmth, pressed against his chest. Comfort.
He didn't know why they always decided to go to Grandmother's even when it made his mum and dad fight, only that the end result was always the same every year. He didn't know why they decided every year to go by car either, when it would be much easier to go by plane. John didn't know why every summer he cautiously told himself that this time would be different, that the ride wouldn't be so stressful.
Stupid to miss someone who didn't actually exist.
“They want to make sure he won't go all kamikaze on the first Dragon he sees. After all he's a Red-Card, and you guys will have to work as a team with other pairs on the field.”
He didn't mean to get plastered.
find out. Not if things were to carry on and-
The air smelled of sandalwood and sea. Something fresh and clean, and the theme of it seemed to carry on into the colouring of the furniture, laid out in the spacious room with impeccable organisation. The walls were a soft white, and real, solid oak floor smoothed under John's toes as he sat up, ankles dangling over the edge of the bed. By the head of the bed was a night-stand of sorts, adorned by a water jug and a small basin which John assumed was for washing up. The jug was silver and heavily ornate, whorling patterns catching the eye and threatening to covet it jealously. In much the same way, the mirror standing across the room had similar designs on its edges, sitting above a vanity-type desk made of the same dark wood as the night-stand. Fabrics in the room were either silk or gossamer, and both resembled the cresting waves of an ocean glinting under a tropical sun.
for editing for me :)
.” Then Victor looked at him more closely, a small frown coming to his features as he noticed his friend's posture. Cautiously, Victor peered.
Sarah stepped into her office, staring at the resume laid out before her. Ex-soldier, army doctor. Seemed a bit overqualified, but this “John Watson” had seemed eager and willing to work. The nurse that had shown him in had described him as “Polite to a fault”, something Sarah couldn’t find enough of in people these days.
Something in Sarah’s chest warmed, and she found herself giving the man a small, reassuring smile. “You’re looking better.” She said.
The sudden lunge had cost him, had made his heart begin to pound loudly in his chest, so loudly that it distracted him from what he was doing. Like a dripping tap, it was itching at the back of his head and making his revenge decidedly less enjoyable. Half of him recognized he was partially using the Human to lean on so that his knees didn't buckle.
John lifted his chin, blue eyes ablaze with defiance. In front of him, Sherlock remained a coiled spring of tension. His snarls came like the unending engine of a motor cycle. Making a sudden deduction, the soldier sighed.
Three, unforeseen circumstances.
“These are not evil, Walter. You're not. I hope you know that.” Her voice was quiet, but Sneak's laugh was loud. It was not a kind sound, Sarah realised, but something designed to push people away and keep them there. His eyes
However, after a second he sighed, slipping back down onto the sand, returning to his people sulkily even as his mind still explored far and wide.
“Let me make this perfectly clear: Though the discipline of your Dragon is your duty, you must be made aware that others are allowed to give your Dragon orders if you are considered incapable of doing so. This is a unit, we are an army, but more than that, we're a brotherhood. A bonded group. I will not have fighting within our own troops, so any petty arguments you have-” Her gaze flicked to both Bill and Wilkes meaningfully “Are to be disregarded and forgiven, at least for the extent of your posting here. If I catch any physical confrontations during the times I do inspections, you will be suffering more from just laps around the compound. You are all grown adults, and should know how to treat each other with respect by now. You've made it this far as Wilkes has said, it means you must be good for something.”
“I see in you probably something softer. A caretaker for when you are off and abroad perhaps? Something to keep you warm on a cold Desert night?”
“The three tribes talk to one another throughout the year, but we gather when the red star shows in the sky at night for a celebration, The Star Ball. At this celebration, it’s your duty to welcome the other daughters and sons of the chieftains.”
There is no doubt in John's mind that he will come, for some odd reason.
“I hope I’m not distracting you.”
It was such a smooth, gradual transition that it was impossible to entirely tell where man ended and beast began. Scale turned into flesh, and flesh turned into scale.
The little girl huffed then, crossing her arms (John's arms) over her chest and frowning thunderously at the Detective like he had committed some kind of gross offence. For a moment Sherlock couldn't figure out what he had done until she pointed a finger at him in bold and imperious accusation.
The immediate answer came straight from his gut, an instinct more than fact. Want more than reason.
“Daddy! Guess what, guess what?!"
Sherlock hummed as he felt John spend over his hand, stroking him until the man’s thighs were shaking from the stimulation. The two of them sat like that for a while after, after a moment John’s hand reaching up, tightening in Sherlock’s curls. In response, the detective curled his limbs about the smaller man, compacting himself and John into a tight curl in the centre of the bed.
and play instruments at odd hours. I will
“Only his closest know his true name.” Xavi explained tightly “But to those who are just followers, he’s called
Colder than it should be.
quickly darting outside to grab his friend's clothes and draping them over him like a protective cape. John even unconscious seemed to be partially aware of Sherlock's presence, a soft groan of distress parting from his lips when the
“You have an hour more before lunch. Those who fail run laps after patrol until sunset.”
Mycroft Holmes takes one glance at the killing machine before him and sighs in irritation, his hand flexing upon his umbrella.
restlessly. The posture of this one was different to John's
And then his lips trembled, once before the soldier's front came back on, and John's shoulders straightened. Captain Watson would not show emotion, even if inside his heart was a battlefield.
“You bastard.” John breathed, struggling to his feet, willing to fall back on his knees if that’s what it took to make Sherlock take back his vow. “That’s not fair, you bloody
“John!
“It is the most humiliating thing a Dragon can do, to lower themselves to the position of a pack mule.”
she’s being foolish. This isn’t something she can just whip up out of thin air and use as leverage. This is an action that a sixteen year old girl is not responsible enough to make.”
Yet Sherlock thought that perhaps the man remembered some experiences more than he claimed, because in the next instant the man
The man looked to Sherlock, wincing like he had just let his pet piddle on the carpet or some such nonsense and apologizing affably.
Most adults of his kind only achieved it when they were fully grown. A once in a lifetime kind of spell. As it was, the pup could
Not...
Sherlock came to a stop at the centre of the pool’s edge, gaze flicking about in the silence, waiting for the next move. He needn’t have waited long.
“Good luck with that, mate, the bastards are likely dead along with the bomb that killed half my squadron.”
There were no ice cubes at the threshold this time, but instead the Dragon found himself being lead creepingly up the stairs inch by inch by the strangely hypnotic melody drifting down to him, just loudly enough for his sensitive hearing to pick out the notes. It was a pure instrument, whatever was playing in the piece, and he found himself burbling softly to the general tone of the music even though he didn't know its name. The notes were sad and soft, melting into complexity as time wore on and the piece rose in power and strength. As he took the steps one at a time, Sherlock found himself swaying slightly to the rhythm in interest. It was a beautiful noise, whatever instruments they were that were making them. He didn't know, but he thought it might be something with strings. He had once had a Master that could play guitar. She hadn't been half bad, a country singer with a rich sort of rasping voice that had sounded always just slightly off-key but consistently so. Though Sherlock's opinion of musical instruments, and music in general for that matter, greatly diminished when she had used said guitar once to strike him across the face in a drunken rage after he refused to be her packhorse and carry her music supplies. He hadn't been ashamed in the slightest when he had eaten the absurdly tough-tasting instrument the next day, splitting it in half over is knee before tearing into it, strings and all. Listening to her screams of horror had been worth the stomach-ache afterwards.
“Do you remember things before? Events that happened before John called on you?”
to stop the horrible shrieking noises that it was making, or he was sure he wouldn't be able to get them to stop at home and he was tired enough that he didn't need another day of sleep deprivation. Holding his breath and his heart pounding like a jack-hammer inside of his chest, John closed his eyes tightly and reached inside the Crate.
He bit down hard on the inside of his cheek to stop the flood of anger that made him suddenly want to hit something. Mike continued to talk, oblivious to his friend's anger.
The smashing of a particularly ugly photo of his sister satisfied John's nerves enough that the melody was cut short in his ears. The tinkling of glass against hardwood drowned out his lingering feeling of fear.
and warm.
“Are you all right?”
“For what it counts,
Less messy in the end.
The detective knew about him, his freakish condition, and yet here he was steering him to bed instead of out into the streets. John felt a warmth swelling in his chest, something fiery and furiously bright. He turned, leaning into Sherlock's tall chest, and muttered two words.
aaaand this is kind of where the story's plot "officially" begins :3 Hope you enjoy! ^_^
who had stopped it. John’s stomach twisted, and he felt a sour tang creep onto his tongue. He was only a few days here, and already he was acting just like people wanted him to: weak and utterly dependent,
” He waved his fingers in jazz-hands style, grinning wickedly even as he licked crumbs from his lips. The Alter continued to speak, seemingly lost in his own memories.
Surprised when the Hatchling slowly turned to him, a wide smile on his face as he held the stone out to him to take. Sherlock Holmes laughed, a childish, high-pitched note of joy as he spoke in Dragon-Tongue at him.
“Of course, dear. Not tonight then.” The silent
Princess Rania had ascended to the throne at the tender age of nine, after the
John’s eyebrows lifted up towards his hairline as he saw just what was being sold.
, remember?!” They had agreed on it together, shortly after the Pool event, before Irene Adler and her mess (which was another story all on its own). “We agreed on a code word so we wouldn't keep on trying to sacrifice ourselves to save one another, but I can't
This puzzle, serial suicides, had proven so far to keep him for more than just a few hours. The mysteries were getting harder, and Sherlock had the suspicion that his solving time was being monitored. Competitive to a fault, he bent over the file, his brain flickering through possibilities like the shutter of a lens. Victims all Human, indiscriminate in age, gender, sexuality and social standing. They were only connected by a poison, and a lack of note that made the mystery tantalizingly elusive. Sherlock only wished there was more to go on, more to
It was like sitting in a beach, but John was not soothed by the décor. Not when the chain around his foot felt so heavy, and he came to the knowledge that there was a sun rising, white-gold and brilliant outside. He had been drugged, taken away,
Skeletal fingers wrapped around tan. John's palm was warm, but Sneak's finger-tips were cold. They fluttered against his knuckles before releasing their grip.
And the little boy could suddenly hear the creature's heart, pounding away inside of his own veins, mingling with the rhythm of his own heartbeat and drowning it. Claiming. John couldn't breathe, he felt hot and cold, and the water around them bubbled like it was boiling. Frothing like an angry dog. He could feel his breath trying to explode from his chest, but it was like nothing could quite escape the coldness that had suddenly descended into his friend's eyes. The air itself seemed to have been sucked out of the cove.
fully understood.
“Oh God.” He murmured, pale as snow. Beside him, Sherlock’s gaze was clear and powder-blue, standing out against the dirt smudged along his cheeks, settling into his dark hair. His lip was split, bleeding freely but already healing, scabbing over. The Dragon-man’s voice was low and tinged with the faint calculating tone of a scientist analysing a particularly scintillating puzzle. His features, however, were soft.
That is, until John later admitted that later on in the day he had booked Sherlock three uninterrupted hours in the morgue with the latest victim of a serial killer, courtesy of one Molly Hooper and Greg Lestrade.
“You cooked.” The detective rumbled in bewildered awe, strangely childlike in his deduction. Catlike eyes opened in slit wonderment, peering up at John in perplexion. “Neither of us
He tasted the salt air, duller on this tongue, and yet cool as it raised bumps along his skin. He could feel fine hairs rise on the back of his neck, even as he made it to the hollow of the cove and knelt to touch the grains of sand and scoop them up for inspection. His eyesight, much better in the dark than that of a Human's, watched the grains weave and sift through his fingers for a moment before his attention was pulled in another direction. Shells littered the sand, creatures of his home long since died, their outsides smoothed by the ocean and left beautiful and strange. He picked up a shell inquisitively, burbling noises muttering from his lips as he rubbed its polished surface. Experimentally, he blew against it, and a sound both loud and alien emerged from its depths and he clicked and chattered in excitement. The other pups soon also made it to shore, and they made the most of this play date to explore their new forms and to inspect the land they had so often been warned away from.
Today was the day they would come for him.
. Has no one ever told you that before? How do you do it? It really is a fantastic....”
She opened the door, raising her head to greet the man she had decided already to give a chance. However, the person she saw made her draw up short. Memories from a few years now, of silver-blonde hair and blue eyes. Of scars. “Walter Johnson”, and yet apparently, not.
gently along towards the stairs. Blissful white noise filled John's head, and for just a moment if he closed his eyes, he could imagine that this was what relief felt like.
Just like it was with so many of the people he had shot. The blood sometimes comes to him in his dreams, spattered illusions in which he is himself and yet not. Haunting him because he can't properly feel sadness over them, because he's not the one who killed them. Yet he is. That's what brings him to tears in the darkness, not the guilt. Not the sadness. The fact that he's still responsible, and he can't let go of that responsibility because it's still his hand that closed about the trigger.
John learns a bit about Sherlock's teen years. Sherlock is surprised to find John less rigid in his views than he had previously thought.
His memories and past experiences told him to try and remedy the situation as much as possible by being docile and obedient, and yet every muscle in him also screamed to attack. Caught between the two, Sherlock did not see John clearly when he looked at him, instead, he saw a very different face. One that he'd sooner rather forget. He expected rough fingers to tug his head forward, searching hands to pull off the clothes so generously given to him, and growling commands hissed in his ear.
He then seemed unable to move fast enough, whinging at John for distracting him so effectively.
“Dodge was just here.” He murmured “Said you’re with me today.” Sherlock frowned, expression thunderous even as Murray yawned and scrubbed at his face. The Dragon moved into the man’s personal breathing area, eyes slit-like as he stared the soldier down. The Dragon’s Magic sparked about him, a dangerous force of power that crackled and made Bill’s focus spring to attention. Warily, the soldier regarded Sherlock, voice unnaturally calm as he held his hands up- an obvious sign of submission. “Hey now, I knew you were going to be upset, but John’s in good hands. He’s with Dodge and she and Cerioth are his backup-”
Most of the time though it was enough just to touch the scars. Remember how far he'd worked himself to get to the point where most of the time, he was comfortable.
The Dragon hissed a breath through his teeth, an iota of fire sparking in his eyes.
“You don’t trust her.”
“Never did like killin' an army man, honest. Good people, noble people. Prefer to clean the streets of trash, really. Me'n Henry here are pretty good guys, for serial killers. Only purge the filth.”
It was almost as if it wasn't so much disturbed at being held in a strange room with no windows and only one door, but
The girl smiled and trailed a finger down Sherlock's chest, "it's McKenzie... But you can call me Kenzie, hot stuff."
... John!" He screamed an his back arched as he came deep inside John.
"Who was at the centre of the group?" Ms. Rodin asked, hands behind her back as she spoke.
"Now," Ms. Rodin said, setting down the papers, "did you think of anything else you may have left out? Sherlock?" Sherlock shook his head and Helen looked back at the other boy. "John? What about you? Any details you may have left out before? Anything at all, no matter how small."
good care of you once we have some time to ourselves." He leaned in and whispered in John's ear, "consider me your personal slave and nurse until you are well again."
. That's all I need, that's all I want from you. Just promise to love me... and be there to pick me up when I fall."
Sherlock smirked, "hmm... But I'm not sure you're cheered up yet." He reached down and tickled John's sides, chuckling, "Cheered up yet? Are you happy now? Hmmm?" He grinned as he tickled him, following him back onto the sofa when he tried to get away.
"At some point, Da and Harry started fighting," John continued. "It was pretty bad. Nothing physical, but a lot of shouting. Harry was acting pretty bratty about the whole thing and Da was still heartbroken, so they were both always angry about something." He cuuckled a little softly. "That's kind of how Harry and I got closer, though. After really bad fights, she would come to my room and play with me for a while."
John opened his mouth for Sherlock as his tongue pushed through, and was disappointed when it didn't stay longer. He whimpered soflty as their hips bumped together and, oh God, was he already getting hard? Sherlock was too good at this. If they went too much further, things were going to get heated. John's conscience decided to kick in and he pulled away breathlessly. "Sh...Sherlock..." he gasped out. "We...should stop...before we go too far..."
Helen nodded once and stood, smoothing out her skirt. "John... Before the second attack on Sherlock, had you ever spoken with Miss Morstan?"
Sherlock moved to nuzzle and kiss John's neck as his hands continued their journey across his body. "So beautiful," he whispered against his lover's skin. Sherlock had never experienced such affection and love as he did right now. The gentle exploration of each other's bodies warmed his heart.
John really liked spending time with the Holmeses. They were really like a family. Not that he didn't feel like that with his father, but it was different. They were a little more of a broken family, if anything. With Sherlock and his family, he felt like part of a whole.
Mycroft stepped up behind him and gripped his shoulder, "now, now Sherlock. Calm down." He looked at the nurse and smiled, "I do apologise for my brother's behaviour. It's that Holmes temper in him." The nurses eyes got wide, "Holmes? As in...
Mycroft clasped his hands together and looked over at Sherlock, "my brother and I, and you may have already noticed this, are very different from everyone else." He quirked a smile, "we always thought of ourselves as turtles, with our brains being our shells. Whenever we feel threatened, we hide away, losing ourselves inside our minds. What made it different this time is that he ran away..."
When John could find the strength, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock, holding him in place. "You're right," he managed, breath slowing. "Never boring." He grinned lazily and moved to hide his face in Sherlock's neck.
"Oh, Sherlock." John pulled him close and kissed his cheeks. "Of course you can. Da will be fine, he'll just be glad I'm home." He pulled back and looked into Sherlock's glistening eyes. "Why didn't you just tell me?"
Sherlock hummed and slumped his head forward so John could wash his neck too. "I really enjoyed myself last night. I wonder if your father heard us..." he said and smirked.
John took a deep breath, Sherlock's support appreciated. "I had stayed over at Sherlock's and we had just woken up," he started, closing his eyes. "We were about to take a shower when Sebastian showed up. I don't even know how he got in the house, but he was holding a gun." John swallowed. It had been the worst day of his life, and it was painful to remember.
John hummed softly and hugged Sherlock in return, not wanting to let go. "Yeah, I could." He needed to start getting used to this, though. Even if he didn't go for the army after all, chances were they wouldn't be at the same university. They'd wind up having many visits but eventually they would have to say goodbye, and it was only going to get harder.
tough of a choice, you git." He stuck his tongue out and turned away, pretending to be mad.
John licked his lips when Sherlock turned around with his hand on his cock. He leaned in close, lips to Sherlock's ear again, and took his own length in hand, starting to stroke. "The best part about teasing you is watching as you slowly lose control," he whispered to his lover. "You try and try, but you just can't resist me."
John looked up at Mr. Holmes, eyes still dripping with tears. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Holmes. I'm so sorry..." He brought his hands up to his eyes, wiping away the moisture only to have more form. "Moran. Sebastian Moran," he managed, knowing that he needed to get that name out before he completely lost it. "He broke in and he had a gun and...I should have taken that bullet. Sherlock...pushed me out of the way." He fell back into sobs again, eyes squeezed tightly shut.
John glanced around at the house as they traveled up to bed. It was lovely, like Sherlock's house in England, but more cozy. He held Sherlock close as they kissed, mouth falling open to let his husband's tongue invade him, losing himself in the fact that they were here alone and married.
John came back up and kissed Sherlock deeply. He pulled away and stroked his face. "We don't have to do this," he said. "I do miss your hands."
John smirked a bit. "I think you've got better self control than I do," he said. "You'll probably be pulling me off of him anyway."
John's arms instinctively went tighter around Sherlock, but then he loosened them, hoping he hadn't hurt him. "It was...scary," he admitted. "Seeing you, not moving, blood everywhere..." He buried his face in Sherlock's hair. "I will
John kissed him back, leaning against him. He looked up at Sherlock when he talked about not eating again. "Now hang on. You need to eat, Sherlock," he scolded lightly. "Please have a little something for me?"
That was only increased when Sherlock said he wanted to testify. This was exactly what he was trying to prevent. "Sherlock, no! There has to be another way. I can't be up there with you if you start to...you know." He left 'have an episode' hanging in the air. "Can I?" He looked back to Ms. Rodin, wondering if maybe there was some way that he could at least sit with Sherlock as long as he promised not to speak.
me that! It's embarrassing..." he mumbled.
"Do we have to get up?" John whined. "I'm nice and comfy here with you." He tightened his grip on Sherlock, pulling him down so they were pressed flush together.
John tried not to panic, grabbing Sherlock firmly and kissing him. He hoped that much would jar him out of whatever terrible visions he was seeing, since it was obvious just talking to him wasn't going to work.
John snuggled in, quite comfortable with his head pillowed on Sherlock's shoulder. "Yes, I do like when I get to kiss you. It makes it more romantic." He put an arm over Sherlock's waist, pulling his lower body closer so he could tangle their legs together.
Sherlock straddled his fiancé's hips, laughing along with him. After a couple more minutes, he leaned down and kissed him, prying his mouth open with his tongue. Soon the tickling became stroking as he slid his hands along John's sides with agonising slowness.
"Of course," Sherlock chuckled and leaned down to kiss John on the forehead, "who else would I share this with but you?" He cupped the other boy's cheek in his hand and leaned down to lock their lips together in a passionate kiss, moving his lips softly and slowly against John's.
John relaxed, listening and feeling the comforting sound of Sherlock's baritone voice as he hummed. He had never heard the song before, but it was beautiful, and he soon found himself falling away into visions of himself and Sherlock, dancing to the sounds of violins.
"Just relax. This is the last we'll have to deal with this." He just wished he could follow his own advice. They both sat when the second chair was brought and John looked up at the chair he'd soon be in when he was being questioned.
John gasped as he felt Sherlock's heat filling him. He couldn't hold himself up any longer and his arms spread out to either side as Sherlock came down on him. He very well could have fallen asleep just like that, but then Sherlock moved off of him and he was cold. He forced himself to roll over and scooted towards his lover. "I agree. If we keep going like this, in a few years we'll wind up waking the whole street when we do this."
John started easy, bending low to kiss Sherlock deeply. He put a hand to the back of his neck and tilted his lover's head up, slipping his tongue into his mouth, feeling the familiar contours and crevices. He rocked gently into his lover, just teasing.
He was quite muscular, his skin a few shades darker than Sherlock's and he could barely breathe, overwhelmed by the desire to touch. He slowly dropped his spoon in his bowl and stood up, walking over to John and grabbing onto his hips as he stood. He kissed the side of John's neck, "you, John Watson... are absolutely beautiful," he breathed against his skin.
Sherlock's heart nearly stopped at John's words, a wide smile breaking across his face.
John chuckled, his breath hot on Sherlock's skin. He kept working the one spot, leaning back just enough to peek at the bright red patch of skin, then readjusting himself to find another empty place. One hand moved to Sherlock's knee, but didn't travel any farther.
John sprinted back down the hall, coming close enough to hear Sherlock's last cry of his name. Turning the corner he found the rugby team surrounding the other boy, who wasn't moving or making any more sound. And that was all it took for John Watson to snap.
Sherlock glared down at John and opened his lips to take his lover's fingers into his mouth. He nipped at the tips and started sucking on them, trying to tease him.
John kept his gaze steady as Mycroft listed everything that had happened over the past few weeks. Yes, there was no denying that his presence had caused those things, but it wasn't as if John had wanted those things to happen. All relationships had ups and downs (though probably not the kinds that they'd had) but in the end, the fact that they were still together through all of that proved the strength of their bond.
John frowned a little in thought. "Well... I mean, I'm sure he'll be fine. He approves of us, so I would think he would approve of everything." He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "If he doesn't, I'm going to marry you anyway. Nothing and no one can keep us apart."
Sherlock turned his head and looked into John's eyes, searching his face for any signs of deception. His own eyes were red, tears still spilling from them. "I... I would understand if you did. She's very... aesthetically pleasing and she is a girl..." Sherlock's voice broke, he knew that John wasn't gay and there was a chance that when he was faced with a willing female that he would jump at the chance. He did still care about John and it hurt to think he would do that, but Moran's words kept ringing in his head.
yours." Sherlock moaned loudly and reached back to grab onto what part of John he could reach, digging his nails in. "I... I want so badly to be the best you've ever had," he gasped.
It was like a switch was flipped inside Sherlock's brain at John's words. All of a sudden, it wasn't his fiancé beneath him, but Sebastian. He gasped loudly, his eyes widening and he fell backwards onto the floor. "N-no... You can't hurt me anymore," he said, voice shaky. He scrambled to his feet and started running as fast as he could, not looking back.
John laughed and shook his head. "Unless there's something that you're hiding from me," he teased.
John groaned, eyes glued to Sherlock. "God, Sher...you're too good at this." He locked Sherlock in place when they were face to face, arms around his waist. He wouldn't grind up against him yet, however, still enjoying his lover's rhythmic movements.
John slept for a while, rather peacefully. His mind was just as tired as his body so it couldn't even be bothered to generate bad dreams. When he awoke he found himself still safely snuggled in Sherlock's arms and he smiled, pressing his face into the other boy's neck and closing his eyes again. He didn't sleep, but lifted a hand to trail up and down Sherlock's arm.
John hung on until the bitter end and by the time Sherlock was telling him to go, he didn't think he could have lasted another second. He cried out with his climax at, the feeling of Sherlock's hot release filling him only adding to it. When he finally finish he gasped for breath and slumped, feeling sticky and sweaty but incredible all the same.
"Mmm," Sherlock hummed, "maybe... how long does it usually take your father to cook dinner?" He nuzzled into John's neck, inhaling his scent.
Sherlock took a sip and nodded, "yes I do, in fact." He reached out for John, "I need you to come over here and stop acting so skittish."
He shook his head in disbelief as they walked inside. At least from here it didn't look like anything but a really fancy catering hall. He smiled seeing Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and returned the latter's embrace. John eyed the bar for a moment. He'd have to see if they had anything virgin.
Sherlock nodded, "Yes sir, although I'm not sure when that will be." His mother stepped up beside his father and linked arms with him, "we'll set up a dinner later on. I'd like for your father to be able to meet your boyfriend very soon, he's such a delightful boy!"
"Anyways... when he wakes up, do
"Yes. Tell me every detail," John murmured, rocking slightly. He just couldn't help getting all hot and bothered around Sherlock, even when they'd just gotten off. Blame teenage boy hormones and the fact that his fiance was damn sexy.
Sherlock nodded, "I will, I promise." He hugged John again and then pulled back to kiss him. "I love you more than anything," he murmured against the other boy's lips.
"Yes, indeed, thank you," John's father agreed. "Hamish Watson," he said, extending his hand to the Holmeses.
John's breath hitched and he rocked his hips ever so slightly in a way that hopefully wouldn't be noticed from under the blanket on his lap. He leaned over, resting his cheek on Sherlock's shoulder in an attempt to pretend he was sleeping. "Bastard," he muttered, voice an octave lower than usual.
The dining area was elegant, with many round tables surrounding a large dance floor. John paled a little. He'd forgotten that there would probably be dancing. He didn't know the first thing about dancing.
"Your honour, can I request a recess?"
Sherlock was crying too, his mind trying to shut out the pain it was experiencing. He hung his head, ashamed. His hands came up to clutch at his head and curled up as much as he could.
John's tears came back anew and he pressed his face into Mrs. Holmes's shoulder. He could easily see himself considering them a second set of parents. He looked up and smiled as best as he could. "Thank you." Pulling away from Mrs. Holmes, he wiped his eyes again and turned more stoic. "He deserves whatever he gets. It's a good thing he'll be going to jail because if I ever saw him again..." John's hands clenched into fists and he took a deep breath.
John felt Sherlock's heartbeat under his palm, one of his favourite feelings in the world, and he smiled back at his lover. "And you will always hold mine." He leaned down to kiss Sherlock again, long and slow, pulling back only to speak again softly. "I think we're both lucky, because we found each other so early. Not many people can say that they found their soul mate in secondary school."
"It's alright. You needed to rest up. I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself for me." John giggled a little when he felt Sherlock sniffing him. "I probably smell like sweat and sex," he said.
John reached over to Sherlock's bedside table and grabbed the lube. He slicked his fingers up, and then reached down between Sherlock's legs. He circled his lover's entrance and pushed inside.
Mary watched as John tried to bring Sherlock back, but the vacant stare was still there. "John... He's not responding, I
"Da...I sort of lied to you this morning on the phone. Well, really I left something out." He knew he was starting to ramble and he tried to get his thoughts together. "The thing is, Sherlock is my friend, but he's also... He's more than my friend. He's my... boyfriend." He bit his lip and looked up at his father, trying to read his expression.
John smirked at Sherlock as he cleaned the water, and went to gather the pieces of the beaker. "You better take a break, love. Lest you drop something more volatile." He winked and put the pieces in the bin with the other broken glassware.
"Oh look at you! You both look rather handsome this evening, boys." She hugged them both and gave them each a kiss on the cheek. "They'll be serving the hors d'oeuvres soon, go grab a drink if you like," she gestured towards the bar on the far side of the room.
“Samples from where?” Sherlock was turning this new information over in his mind.
Moriarty shrugged coquettishly. “It was a … gift?”
“No fun, Detective Inspector,” Moriarty pouted, looking up from his position hovering across the table.
“You heard me Sherlock. We will take the train,” John repeated in a tone that brokered no discussion.
"Still not identified or claimed so it was shipped off to Barts for storage, why?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and then marched over to Lestrade, leaning in over him to emphasise his annoyance. “The bodies are here, Lestrade. I need to be able to see the crime scene data and the actual bodies. The links between the two are crucial. I don’t see you being willing to have the bodies moved to the Yard, so the files are going to have to come here.”
he was, just the same. His entire way home, past tube station after tube station, through platform change after platform change, John’s mood vacillated between annoyance and reflection. Annoyance In general at Sherlock's behaviour (
he had chased down the man at the top. The Detective Inspector had been tied up, beaten unconscious and left for dead; it took him weeks to recover. Sherlock simply does not consider the consequences of his actions, nor their implications for those with whom he works…or lives, in your case."
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“How interesting, you happen to be the
Sherlock had to act quickly. Knowing how Guerin’s last victims met their end, skulls crushed beyond recognition, he had no doubt about Guerin’s next move so he strode forward quickly to disengage his attention from John before he could swing again. “Sticking with your tried and true modus operandi I see,” he goaded with as much bluff as he could muster and was rewarded, to his overwhelming relief, by Guerin tossing the extinguisher. It clanged loudly on the concrete floor as Guerin drew a gun on him instead. He motioned with the gun for Sherlock to come and join him.
Then his eyes went wide and his mouth went round.
The end game; his end.
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Thirteen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J The papered walls dull, their colours muted. Glasses drained, empty - you've given yourself up.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S within the infinite multiplicity of worlds. You have ceased to exist in a single one of mine.” A horizontal line.
“Yes, chess, what great observational skills you have,” John grinned cheekily at Sherlock as he finished retrieving the travelling set from his duffle bag.
“Don't be ridiculous.”
John looks down again to his hand on Sherlock’s. His fingers on his fingers.
The Aviators
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/5EnbxJsYyYwQhEIVEVPbNO
John felt bloody awful.
empire is or is not doing. I want to know where Sherlock is.”
he was involved.”
He had tried to explain to John once, what it was that he did, where his mind went. The way he could take in an entire scene and all the minutia. The closest he could liken it to, an explanation which still fell colossally short, was the carefully orchestrated yet near-instantaneous sequence of hormonal changes and physiological responses a person experienced in a moment of danger. A heightened sense of sight, taste, smell, feel, all sharper than normal, enabling him to pick up on the smallest of behavioural changes, the slightest twitch of a finger, a barely discernible swallow. Adding to the physical characteristics he observed on display and in turn the verbal cues, word choice, turns of phrase, sentences with hesitations and without. Every tiny detail telling part of a story. The congruities, equally important as the incongruities. Sometimes, if it wasn't coming as easily as he would like, if he was struggling to solve a particularly difficult case, he could force the process through sleep deprivation. While most people experienced an inexorably sluggish pull towards sleep when tired, their concentration slipping, his thoughts spun towards a manic blur, his brain becoming more sensitive and active as the hours passed by. He’d looked into it once, early on, when he was trying to understand why he was so different to all the other children and found some clues in studies of brain conductivity. Epileptics, it was found, were more likely to have seizures the longer they stayed awake, while severely depressed patients with abnormally low brain activity, sometimes improved after skipping sleep. He, it seemed, was neither and both.
Sherlock hummed in content and mouthed his way over John's collarbone to kiss his shoulder. He brought both hands to the other boy's waist, fingers skimming across his hip bones. "You have no idea... how much I love every centimetre of you," he murmured and continued to kiss along John's upper torso. "You're just so perfect... so handsome... and I'm so lucky to call you mine."
He had gone to the store and picked something that he really hoped that Sherlock would like. On Friday, John went home after school to try to find something decent to wear that night.
John again rolled his eyes. "How about staying alive? That seems like a pretty good reason to eat."
Sherlock smiled and cupped John's cheek. "Thank you," he whispered and leaned up to kiss him. He let a small whimper out, part of him not expecting to ever get to do this again, but John was here and he wasn't going to leave. So Sherlock let his desperation out through the kiss, opening wide for John and stroking his tongue along the inside of his mouth.
He raised his head a bit more and continued. "I managed to get the team away from Sherlock and then carried him out of the school."
each other. "Ohh, Sherlock...C-close..."
"Oh really? I look forward to reading it," Sherlock said and swam close to John. He splashed the other boy in the face before swimming off into the deep end, laughing.
Sherlock was about to say something back when saw someone in the hallway with them and froze... It was Sebastian. "What are you doing here?" he said through gritted teeth. Moran laughed, the sound of it causing shivers to run down Sherlock's spine."I thought I'd just pay you two a visit, see how you were doing," Sebastian said and grinned evilly.
Sherlock relaxed and closed his eyes, focusing on the touch of his lover's lips on his skin. His leg muscles twitched at John's touches and he let out a soft moan.
The way John kissed him, it was as if the soldier could feel such scars of his past, like he wished he could rub them away even as his hands began to lift Sherlock's shirt above his head, warm calluses spreading on taught abdomen. The sensation sent peculiar shivers through the detective's spine. Like sunlight touching his skin. However as John pressed higher, the soldier's fingers stilled, and Sherlock opened his eyes that had fallen closed in helpless conflict to see John staring up at him, blonde brows furrowed in concern. In the shadow that he created, Sherlock could see the blue of the doctor's eyes, dark and luminous in their depth, nearly swallowed whole by the centre black ring of his pupils. The sight sent an ache through Sherlock, something heady and sweet that he hadn't felt for another in a long time. It was the kind of throb that could be felt shooting from his navel all the way to his collar-bones.
“Not really.” Sherlock murmured, his gaze strangely skittish. Despite the fact that his actions spoke contrary to his words, John sensed that probing further would cause his friend to bolt.
The barb was only mildly effective, considering the tense curve of the man’s spine lessened with a mere passing of John’s fingers through his halo of curls. His ring glinted, silver and gold in the afternoon sun pouring into
The hand lodged in Jim’s chest tightened then, and the Demon shuddered, letting loose a feral cry.
The cottage looked much the same as he remembered it. Still slightly crooked, still sitting on the beach like a widow waiting for their husband to return from the sea. John gripped his luggage in his hands tightly, a small frown on his features as he took in the simple slats of the structure, peeling paint perhaps just a tad more faded than his memory had served. A small black rolling case, a faded green army-issue duffel bag, and a frankly atrocious pink suitcase loaned to him from Harry at one point or another were the only things that accompanied him on the shore. Within them were most of his belongings. Clothes, a few books, the usual. And tucked away his back-up option, if this didn't work. Which was quite likely, in his mind. Though the sig couldn't have been as heavy as he believed, the ex-soldier thought he could feel its weight, pressing through the hard plastic shell of the luggage. Its presence was as much a comfort as it was a burden.
John chuckled, nodding his ascent even as beside him Sherlock flicked his tail in flat disapproval. The colour of the creature's scales was a sulky sort of grey, like a storm-cloud.
John smiled crookedly.
. Capice?”
“Then maybe,
“That’s why you saved us then. Because you thought we might have your book.” John came to the conclusion aloud. He’d hate to be the one to disappoint the man and admit that it had been stolen.
A part of him wonders if it's where he was born. What he was born in.
“Do you have a point to this roundabout discussion or am I to die of boredom before you get to your topic of choice?”
The man’s tone was cutting, and John felt irritation rise inside of him, expecting Sherlock to cut Wilkes down to size with a scathing remark. Instead John was surprised to see something like discomfort flit across the detective’s features, uncertainty. The detective’s voice was stiff, uncomfortable in the posh office that they sat in. He looked as though suddenly he’d like nothing more than to crawl into the massive bulk of his coat and hide.
don’t want your dick anywhere near my teeth at the moment.”
The buzz in his head slowed to a stop. A whisper, a murmur that compared to its original screaming was nothing.
leaned over to the side of the bed to fish around the pocket's of his jeans, revealing a carton of smokes.
so... this wasn't supposed to be updated until I updated dragon's soldier and a few others... sighs.... oh well..
Why would a soldier
“There is much I did not get to write about, in that first tome. It became too dangerous to do so, and later I wished to forget what I knew. I went into hiding, gave up my true form for safety.”
It had become an unspoken agreement between the two of them, Sherlock's tactile advances. Though the Dragon was deliberately obtuse and prickly towards any affection forced upon him, he could be possessive and highly affectionate, if John pretended to ignore him. John had allowed him to rest his head upon his knee, fingers carding through the Dragon's hair and untangling the snarls that always seemed to
Sherlock scurried forward, abandoning his better reasoning just a bit so he could fully enjoy the sensation of not only filling his stomach but of cooling down. Each bite brought a brief moment of sated relief, glassy and wondrous. Each bite left him wanting more desperately than he had before. A low, needy sound whimpered from his lips in response. The ice-cube trail led him up a flight of stairs, and though he kept a sharp ear and nose out for any sign of Humans, he didn't encounter any. His internal clock guessed it was probably about five in the morning, so he supposed it wasn't that unusual. Each step had a cube on it waiting patiently for him, so he spent quite awhile crouching on them and took stock of which ones creaked and which didn't for potential use later on (The tenth and the fourth). All the while the smell of cooking meat got headier and stronger, pulling the Dragon along more effectively than any sort of leash towards the door at the top of the steps. It was like the long-lost note of a song he could almost recall. Sherlock felt
"For what, love?" John asks gently.
"I mean what I said," the therapist says simply, "if you continue to act in a way that makes you seem like a patient or victim of his care, then that's what will happen. If you don't give him reason to worry, he won't. If you stop purging, he'll let you go to the bathroom by yourself. If you stop cutting, you can have your shaving razor back,"
Sherlock manages to get a handle on the crying long enough to get out of bed, trying not to wake John as the mattress creaks under the displaced weight. He staggers to the bathroom and shuts the door behind him, making sure to lock it.
A fate worse than death.
The trick was to get John to go for it.
"Well, yeah, I hope so, or this would be a little awkward." John jokes, but then turns serious when he sees Sherlock's expression. "Of course I love you, Sherly. Why do you ask?"
"John has been a bit...stifling." Sherlock admits. Frank nods again.
Sherlock leans over and hesitantly kisses John's forehead, relishing the way his boyfriend shyly smiled as if it were the first time all over again.
"John..." Sherlock says sorrowfully, momentarily consumed with guilt and self-hatred. "I didn't know..."
"What do you want to call her?" he questions.
When John returns to the bedroom, he sees Sherlock perched on the edge of the bed, his shoulders hunched as he blinks blearily, trying to wake up. John has never seen Sherlock so reluctant to wake up; usually he was up and ready to go by 7:00am. It was also increasingly common for John to wake up to violin music at 5 in the morning when Sherlock couldn't sleep for fear of nightmares. So, watching the detective struggling to wake at almost 9:00am was a tad concerning. He knew it had to do with the panic attack, but he's never actually stuck around after a patient panic attack to see the long term effects of it.
John glances at his phone. "8:13. You were out for awhile."
Sherlock smiles easily, and in the back of his mind it occurs to him that he is scarily good at pretending he's okay.
"I'm sorry. You know I am."
"I never said anything about easy. And I wouldn't go that far either. It's going to be the most difficult thing you've ever done in your life, but I know how it feels. Would you believe I spent years on the receiving end of a therapy session, even in my adult years?" Frank says, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees.
"I love your hair, too," John continues, letting his hand gently card through Sherlock's curly locks. "It's just so soft-looking, with perfect curls and it falls so nicely about your face. I like the deep raven color of it as well, it's very striking when paired with your, um, rather
"You alright, Sherlock?" he asks softly, still hovering in the doorway.
The case was over as suddenly as it began. It was rather simple, but it took Sherlock a little longer than usual due to him being out of the game for so long. Turns out there was some sick teenager in the neighborhood stealing pets, then mutilating and killing them. The little boy's cat was just lucky enough to escape. The teen's excuse was just that he "wanted to see what happened." He was taken away in cuffs.
John's face turns red with shame, refusing to answer.
"Well, it's not going to just stop, is it?" Sherlock snaps angrily. "Isn't that what they say at therapy; you can't control other people, so you can only control how you react?"
"Well, what is someone like you? There's no one like you, Sherl, no one quite as beautiful, no one quite as enticing as you. I fell in love with you. I fell in love with everything about you, mate. If you had an extra five hours I could explain it all to you, but I doubt I'd be able to get it all out. Whatever the voices may tell you, they are wrong. I love you, okay?"
Thick white scars crisscrosses his stomach, some barely as thick as a pencil line and some that looked dangerously deep. They looked to be several months old, some as old as five years ago. Others looked as recent as a year ago. Sadness fills Sherlock, threatening to crush his ribcage, but is soon replaced by anger.
Sherlock is a little irritated at this; he didn't like the idea that he was readable. Dangerous things happen when you have this many secrets and can be read like a book. He shakes it off, and the excitement of the pre-case high with it. He tries to prepare himself for the anticipated harassment once he gets to Scotland Yard, trying not to get too spun up about it. The last thing he needs is to have a panic attack the first day back.
"It probably needs stitches, but I can do it here if you'd like."
Lately, it's been all nightmares, no sleep. His body seems to be recovering, and his mind appears to be healing, but at night, all the monsters in the closet come out and devour his sanity.
John trails off, much to Sherlock's disappointment. He rather liked John's singing voice
Sherlock's face twists into a grimace, looking down at the armrest he was picking at. "No. I'm not."
Sherlock breaks the kiss to pull his purple button-down up over his head, and he crosses his arms a little in front of his stomach, doubt clouding his mind.
Sherlock returns his gaze to the food. It's Christmas, and he's supposed to be having a good time. Surely he could stomach a few extra calories tonight.
"What's on your face, Sherlock?" he asks, pushing Sherlock's hair out of his face. The detective flinches back out of reflex, but allows it after a moment.
"Thank you," Sherlock says suddenly, jolting John out of his thoughts.
"Speaking of lips, I noticed those right away too. They've got this perfect Cupid's bow; I don't think it's even legal to have such perfect lips. I cannot believe I spent 6 years staring at your lips and still thought I was straight."
"Know about what?"
John's mouth parts in disbelief, his eyes shining, sending another arrow of guilt through the detective.
Although he had never outright killed anything, Sherlock identified somewhat with the teenager. When he was younger, he would go out and dissect roadkill in his neighborhood, and take home bones and teeth and such to examine later. Everyone called him a freak, but he couldn't help his insatiable curiosity of what happened after death. He would never know what his own bones and skin and organs would look like when he was gone, so he studied other things after they died. Knowing that he would one day end up like this, all rotted and decayed, didn't exactly comfort him, but at least he knew what he would end up as.
Moving felt like breaking his bones out of a concrete mold, but he managed to reach his drawer in the bathroom vanity, and pull out his shaving razor.
Sherlock doesn't say anything, but he picks the kitten up and holds her an arms length away, studying it. His gaze is one of scrutiny, but John can't tell if he likes the cat or if he thinks it's too silly to entertain the thought of having a pet.
"You handled it well in there," John murmurs, just loud enough for his boyfriend to hear. "You're going to be back to your old self in no time."
"It's very lovely, yes," John agrees. "Those are the main points of your face. Shall I move on?"
"Good, then. See? We make things work," John says with a smile. "I would bend over backwards and tie myself into a knot to make you feel loved. And if I have to give up sex with another person, so be it."
And now he was in the bathroom, blood running down his arms in a sticky crimson river.
"Well, you're right," John says quietly, not looking at his boyfriend. "You can't control other people. I was just trying to help you see that you're worth so much more than what everybody else says."
John pokes his head around the doorframe.
John beams, pressing his palm to the detective's cheek, Sherlock melting into his touch. "I'm proud of you, Sherlock. I knew you could do it."
"Sherlock, are you in there?"
"If I kiss you, will you stop making that horrific face?" Sherlock says with a smile, trying to distract John.
Sherlock falls asleep, then John, and they spend the night together, as they should always be.
"When do you bloody think, Sherlock? What could possibly move me to do this?" John says, sitting up and pulling his shirt down, balling the fabric up in his fists.
"Habit, I suppose," Sherlock murmurs as he washes the blood down the sink in an orangey stream. He bandages his arms and walks out of the bathroom.
Safety, comfort, and calmness.
Sherlock's eyes snap up to John's. "Yes, I'm doing alright. Lestrade was just...testing my patience."
"You all right?" John asks quietly, stretching himself out so that he was pressed lengthwise against the detective.
John lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding. It didn't go well, but it didn't go badly either. He picks up the cat and sets her onto the floor, and watches her as she stumbles around, not quite grasping the skill of walking yet. Hopefully Sherlock would warm up to her in time. John really did think a pet would be good for his boyfriend. Maybe the responsibility of being in charge of the life of another living creature would motivate him to recover. On the other hand, if the detective couldn't take care of himself, how could he take care of a cat?
"All right, that's one. Next time a bigger bite would be better."
And he dreams.
John makes a split second decision and grabs his coat and strides out the door, his face set in stone as he searches for his friend.
On one hand, Sherlock was grateful for the grant of freedom and agency, but on the other, he didn't want special treatment. He knew Lestrade was trying to be helpful and kind, so he decided he'd take what he could get at this point. After yesterday's fiasco, he was just thankful he had a hand in the case at all.
The kissing grows more desperate, more passionate, and Sherlock's hands find their way into John's hair, traveling down his back and under his T-shirt, and John feels his skin shiver at the welcome touch. He breaks the kiss and Sherlock pulls the shirt over his head, and at this, John pulls back farther.
John was gripped with a sense of urgency. He
It wasn't going to be as big of a gathering as usual, just Sherlock, John, Molly, Greg, and a brief appearance from Mycroft. Sherlock never really liked most of the others that showed up, and John had suggested a smaller gathering this year, so the rest were cut from the list. More intimate functions were his speed; there was just less anxiety with less people.
"Right. So, now we're onto the salad itself."
"Just what I thought. Sherlock, what are we going to do?" John says plaintively.
"Thank you," Sherlock says, equally as quiet and focused. It was all he could do to keep shoveling food down his throat.  It was torture, but if it meant a case, he could do it.
“Your fingerprints were found on a weapon at the scene of a crime,” Lestrade re-stated.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
the blood at the scene.
), John pushed off against the edge of the bench and reclaimed his seat. He continued his research for the next couple of hours. At one point he got up to dump a can of chicken noodle soup unceremoniously into a saucepan and throw a couple of slices of bread into the toaster. But soon, even food couldn't sustain him. His eyelids began to droop under the glare of the screen, the weight of the day and the fruitlessness of his endeavour.
"Average height, dark hair, dark eyes. ..." Lestrade paused.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/3uC8zcoHtdlCCBZAqD62UH?si=x9QTh_cgTweJIOJrVNcjVg
Sentiment is waring
Alt text: Nineteen. J. Sinewy clawed feet bounce from weather-worn stone to weather-worn stone. Tilted heads ask; Who’s going to watch the guards?. S. in the sense of being right, in the sense of being equal. In every sense.
Tired, cold and hungry, and godamn fucking miserable by seven, he had almost taken Lestrade's head off when he had called.
Lestrade tried to bring Moriarty back again. “Where were you the night before last then, if you don't mind me asking?”
What had he been saying about impatient git, John chuckled. He should add impervious bastard to that characterization as well, he thought fondly.
“No, it's not,” Sherlock echoed with a grimace as he lifted the glass to his lips. “But it is what it is.”
How did he get so lucky?
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/5NN2OOlvy4IJB6YJyWXIgU?si=AJiC8DwTS7uPDFxVJoD81A
“Murder? Should it? The world can be quite a dark place, John,” she held his gaze “as I imagine you have already experienced. I can't say that I particularly like the brutal reality of the world men — and I do say men, because for the time being, they still hold most of the power — have created, but I am not going to shy away from it either.” Having said her piece, Sandrine eased back slightly in her chair, her gaze shifting to take both of them in now.
“Thank you all for being here. The purpose of this pre-inquest hearing …”
wanted to know. So you are going to be feeling it in your brain, your body
“Now,” John declared, rising to his feet and stripping his shirt off over his head in one fluid motion. “I know I said shower, but what is your position on, or, come to think of it,
Sherlock didn't flinch. “Anytime.”
) teacup, “he just happened to be a fellow patron of the Diogenes Club and I am told they developed an acquaintance over distinguished conversation and expensive whiskey.”
He is a lab rat.
Small but sure hands, fingers splayed widely on the desk. John bowed his head and let his eyes slide shut, breathing in the stillness of the room, the flat, silent. Sherlock had either gone out or he was walking around on eggshells on the floor below - considerately sneaking round in order not to disturb him.
For love.
Alone at last, Sherlock ceased his frenetic movement in the middle of the floor. Steepling his fingers under his chin, the movement of his hands still constrained by the presence of the handcuffs, he regarded the ceiling, a myriad of thoughts playing out in a series of computations against the grey concrete.
John texted Mycroft as Lestrade looked on.
“Well then, by all means, let’s keep trying to get me in handcuffs, then shall we? Now ... where exactly did this
Lestrade took a breath as he rubbed the back of his neck. “While there was initial evidence to suggest the involvement of Mr. Moriarty, he produced a corroborated alibi for the night in question and no subsequent evidence has come to light since then.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“Indeed. Solvent extraction
“Self ingested,” Sherlock addressed Lestrade, indicating the crystallisation present alongside a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth. “No marks to indicate any force was necessary. The toxin is a cardiac glycoside, it would have resulted in dysrhythmia and progressed rapidly to ventricular tachycardia. Not a peaceful death. So the flower would have had to been placed there after death. Dirt on the backs of her arms, buttocks and legs,” he moved behind the body. “She was lying on the floor when she died.”
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font that reads, "Between the Fall and the Creation." A horizonal line.
Tommee Profitt • Cinematic Songs Vol. 4
“I said, I think I’ll take
And Guerin had no doubt given his operations manager a heads up about their impending visit because as soon as they arrived, they were ushered upstairs into an office with Ms. Elmahdy’s name above the door, provided with tea and asked (
“I want all of you.”
went had been well and truly crushed beneath the bespoke brogue of one Mycroft Holmes as he had ensured that the right of the public and members of the press to attend, was revoked. Not that, if he was being honest with himself that John really minded - he abhorred the thought of a bunch of strangers pouring over the last hours of Sherlock’s life like it was some kind of … freak show. But it all pointed to a larger picture of Mycroft’s interference, Mycroft who had within hours of Moriarty’s exit from the Yard, already made an application for presumption of Sherlock’s death. It was usually up to a six month wait for these sorts of things, but here they were, just a few days after Moriarty’s interview, all gathered together to ... well, clearly individual objectives differed dramatically.
“Of course I did, it would have been less than appreciated by our fellow passengers." (Not to mention that John didn't think either of them would make it out of the carriage alive if John had to endure nearly two days of Sherlock’s artistic musings, breath taking talent notwithstanding.)
"Yes, I'm fine," Sherlock says, trying to sound as normal as possible. His throat was still scratchy from crying, but at least his voice didn't break.
John paces the flat, sick with worry. Sherlock had left two hours ago after a particularly loud argument about those set of scales Sherlock tampered with.
"Alright. I'll take it," the detective says.
It's John again, but he's in his flat that he lived in after Baker Street. He holds a gun to his head, his eyes squeezed shut as he pulls the trigger. Sherlock is deafened by the sound, and he wakes up with a start.
Sherlock is quiet, seemingly deep in thought. After a few seconds, he replies, "Maybe. I don't like giving up, I never have, but there was something so damn
This time, he dreams of vast open skies, the smell of John's aftershave, the sensation of his fingers on his skin and the complete and utter lack of revulsion at the concept, the feeling of John's smile against his lips, all the great and wondrous things the past few months have given him. Safety and love and healing all wrapped up in the emotion that he has come to call joy.
"Here you go, love," John says gently, handing Sherlock a mug of coffee, which the detective takes gratefully. Then, John notices something off about his boyfriend's face.
Sherlock had laid back down after John started playing with his hair, and he turns over onto his side to face John at this. "Really? What was it, then?"
"Never mind. I'm just going to check now, okay? Roll up your sleeves, mate." John says certainly, as if he knew Sherlock would obey.
John felt Sherlock's breathing still for a moment, and he briefly regrets asking him so suddenly after last night. Still, the man had to eat something, yesterday all he had was tea with honey.
"How about this: every bite you eat, I'll give you a kiss. Sound fair?" John says, his mouth turning up at the corner in a ghost of a smile.
"Leave it be," John says, almost pleadingly.
"You know what. About my...disorders." Sherlock says, hating even now how difficult it was to admit there was something wrong with him.
"Oh, I don't remember the name of it, I just heard it on the radio on my way to work this morning. I think it goes something like,
"I was wondering when you'd ask that question," John comments, "and I suppose I don't really know."
"I have, of course, but not like this," John comments, reaching out and twirling one of his boyfriend's ebony curls around his fingers. "There's something...I dunno,
John eyes Sherlock before scoffing and shaking his head, "No, of course not. I don't want you getting spun up over a few numbers portraying your relationship with gravity."
Sherlock strains his eyes to look at his surroundings, and remembers where he is. The Barts hospital, where he faked his death so many years ago. John is crying, holding Sherlock's broken body and the detective is filled with horror and sadness and fear.
John is silent for a moment, chewing on this thought. Sherlock feels flashes of irritation ignite through his body, each one a little stronger than the last. God, how he
happening, so why can't he just say fuck it, and eat?
And, despite everything, Sherlock has a wonderful time. He doesn't eat anything else, but after about an hour after his purging session, he finds himself swept up in the holiday spirit, and things are fine.
"Of course. Anything for you, love. We don't have to do anything you don't want to." John says softly.
"Are you alright, love?" John asks softly, on the brink of ending the rather disconcerting endeavor.
"For..." Sherlock begins, trailing off as he stares hard at the wall in front of him. "For being...there...for me. I can't remember the last time I had someone with me during a panic attack...or at least was with me in a helpful, nonjudgmental way. It's...it's refreshing, to say the least." Each word came out haltingly, as if speaking was physically painful.
And he did.
Sherlock nods, his feelings of guilt just barely assuaged.
John brings Sherlock closer, pulling his by his elbow and waist, careful not to hurt his still-healing wrists. He wraps an arm over his waist and rests his hand on the detective's right shoulder blade, pressing his palm flat. He bring up his other arm to cup Sherlock's face, their entire bodies pressed up against each other. Sherlock melted into him, savoring the feeling of John's muscular stomach and the warmth soaking into his own stomach. Sherlock rested his head under John's chin, his breaths hot against his neck.
They were in the flat now, watching a film, and he is holding Cluedo a bit too tightly, his fingers stroking through her fur a little obsessively, but the sweet thing didn't seem to mind.
The two walk tiredly to the back bedroom.
"I was in the hospital when you tried to kill yourself. I know all about it. I just never said anything because it wasn't my place. But I can't just let you keep destroying yourself. Do you know what would happen if you died and left John? You know what happened when you left the first time. Do you really think he could survive a second time? He tried to kill himself too, you know. A few weeks after you jumped."
20 minutes later, the two were back in Scotland Yard, and Sherlock's heart was about to hammer out of his chest. His grip on John's hand was a bit tight, and he had to force himself to relax his muscles every few minutes. It was so unlike him to be so rattled, but after yesterday, most of his confidence had been shattered.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John back, humming contentedly. "You... are the most amazing lover," he murmured quietly and leaned in to connect their lips again.
"He's in there with you, isn't he?" John's face burst in red and he said nothing. "Clean up after yourselves, please," his father said and then walked away.
He sighed and fidgeted, "Well... I did ask him what he was doing there. And we didn't know he had a gun right when we saw him."
Sherlock moaned softly into John's mouth and bucked his hips forward slightly. His fingers dug into his boyfriend's hip for a few moments before pulling away, groaning and throwing his head back. "Sorry..." he murmured, "this
As soon as he felt his lover was stretched enough, Sherlock removed his fingers and spit into his hand. He reached down and coated his erection in it and then grabbed onto John's hips. Lifting him up, he angled his own hips until the tip of his cock pressed against his lover's entrance and guided him down onto it.
Sherlock frowned and moved to kneel in front of his fiancé, putting his hands on his knees and looking him straight in the eye. "Hey... I think that you are
The next morning John was well rested and happy to find that Sherlock was in his bed with him. He would never get tired of waking to his fiance's beautiful face. John pressed gentle kisses to his forehead, cheeks, nose, everywhere.
Sherlock quirked a smile, "In better news... You get to spend the weekend with me and I'll be back to school with you on Monday." He hugged his fiancé tighter and kissed his temple. "I can't even tell you how excited I am to be back studying instead of being cooped up in my bedroom being so incredibly /bored/."
Sherlock had a dusting of pink across his cheeks at John's words, "it's not that difficult when my husband is such a wonderful muse." He smiled down at the other man and pressed a kiss to his forehead as they started to move across the floor.
Sherlock sighed happily and leaned into John's touch, "I'm fine now... Thanks to my wonderful fiancé." He smiled down at the other boy and leaned down to kiss him again.
Sherlock frowned for a moment when John's back was turned,
Sherlock looked around the room, it was small but very lovely. He smiled at John and walked towards him, wrapping his arms gently around his boyfriend's waist. "I like it," he said softly and leaned down to kiss John.
All John could do was listen and rock back into Sherlock, so desperate for friction as each of his words went straight to his crotch. The images that he had conjured were driving him mad and he clutched at Sherlock's back, trying to press their bare chests together. Any contact would do. He needed Sherlock all over him.
John pushed in another finger and twisted, tossing his head back with a cry. He was so completely lost in everything, the sound of Sherlock's voice, his subtle touches, the scent of him so near, and the feeling of touching himself like this. He almost felt like it was Sherlock touching him, fingering him, and having a hand in his hair all at once.
As soon as they had stood and been seated again, Ms. Rodin walked to the front of the table. "Ms. Rodin, I've learned you have another witness?" Helen nodded, "we do, your honour. I'd like to call the victim, Sherlock Holmes to the stand." Sherlock could hear his mother gasping and his father trying to calm her. He also heard all of the other people start to murmur and saw the look on Moran's face when they revealed he was going to be testifying.
"Sherlock, stop," John said softly, his own tears resurfacing because of Sherlock's. "I would never do that to you." He brushed a few stray tears from Sherlock's pale cheeks and bent to kiss his forehead. "I don't want some random girl that I don't even know. I want you. I..." He paused, swallowing thickly. "I love you." He flushed and looked away. "I know it seems too soon but I just...even if it's not full on yet, I know it's going to happen."
been kind to him.
Sherlock groaned as he felt his boyfriend's arousal slide against his own and full out moaned at his words. He leaned down to nip at John's earlobe. "I want you to imagine it now," he whispered huskily, "Imagine me inside you, pounding into you just like this." Sherlock rolled his hips faster, reaching down to wrap his hand around both of them.
He began to kiss and nip at the skin of his collar, and over towards his shoulder. His hands smoothed all along the front of Sherlock's body, tracing the contours of his muscles and ghosting over the remains of bruising from the day before.
your fault."
Sherlock took his boyfriend's hand and helped him out of the hospital and to the car. When they got there, Mycroft opened the door for them before getting into the driver's seat. "Where am I taking you, John?" he asked, smiling back at him in the rear view mirror.
John moaned softly and nodded. "Fuck, yes...You have me wrapped around your finger," he breathed. He pressed his hips in closer to Sherlock's, moving his hand away and then grabbing both their erections, stroking them together. "But why imagine when I can have the real thing?"
True to his word, John waddled into the building, trying as best as he could to walk normally. Though when he caught a glimpse of Irene he played it up a little, sticking his arse out as he was led over to the table with the cake.
John looked over to Sherlock smiling, but his face dropped when he saw Sherlock frown. He realized that Sherlock must have been thinking about what he'd just said. He'd inadvertently given away that he had trouble getting three square meals a day. John put a hand over Sherlock's and grinned at him. "Don't worry about me. I'm used to it. Someday it'll all work out."
When they got to Sherlock's room, he closed the door and pushed John against it, pressing his lips to the other boy's. He reached down to grab hold of his boyfriend's arse with one hand, pressing his other one on the door next to John's head. "I have wanted you... all week," he whispered huskily against his lover's mouth.
After almost an hour, Sherlock finally got to the point where he felt good enough to kiss John back. "I love you," he whispered, voice still a little choked, "I love you so much..."
Sherlock snorted, "yeah right... I'm too much of a... a
Sherlock's eyes went wide and he swallowed thickly, "Can... can we get another chair for John?" Helen bit her lip and thought for a moment, but nodded and asked for another chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
A cheeky grin passed over John's face. It was too easy. "Are you sure?" he asked, feigning innocence. He put a hand on Sherlock's knee and slid it up his thigh, torturously slowly. "You seem a bit...flustered." John's hand stopped right where Sherlock's leg met his hip. He licked his lips and his tongue flicked against his fiancé's ear.
John pressed his face to Sherlock's neck and cried softly, holding tightly to him. "N-not your fault..." he said quietly through his tears. He was just glad that Sherlock had found him at all.
Sherlock returned with wash rag in hand and smiled as he walked towards the bed. He gently wiped John off and after his hand was clean, he lifted it to his lips and kissed the knuckles. "I'm really glad you enjoyed that... I was kind of worried I wouldn't fulfill your expectations," he murmured and laced their fingers together.
Sherlock shook his head, "no, he's out on business. Mum was planning on having you come for dinner to properly meet the whole family. Mycroft will be there too..." he cringed and smiled apologetically.
Sherlock nipped at John's jaw, "Okay... Now you can finger yourself. I want to see your arsehole stretched around your fingers." He placed soft, open-mouthed kisses all along his lover's jaw and neck, humming against the skin.
"He needs to tell the rest of it. The jury will want to hear the whole story," Helen argued and turned to look at Mr. Holmes.
John let out a low sound. "Well...I think that you should lay down on your back." He pushed Sherlock so he was laying flat. "And I'll get you all worked up..." John climbed over him and kissed down his neck. "And when you're ready, I'll ride you," he whispered, nipping his ear.
John couldn't continue. He let Sherlock hold him as he fully turned and burrowed against him, crying softly. After a while, he finally had gotten himself together enough to speak, but he kept his face against Sherlock's neck. "That whole story," he said. "It was part of the reason why I was afraid of telling Da about us. Because I knew that he'd be thinking about me winding up the same way. But I would never drink, not after that. It terrifies me."
Sherlock let out a low moan and opened his eyes to look down at his lover. "Shit..." he breathed, absolutely loving the view he had. It was funny, in a way, that even though John was down on his knees with Sherlock's cock in his mouth, he had the most control right now.
John shrugged. "Why wouldn't I be? I really don't care about what other people think." He leant into Sherlock's touch and looked back into those incredible eyes. "Do you want to keep it a secret?" he asked softly. He would rather not hide it, but whatever Sherlock decided, he would do.
Sherlock cupped John's cheek and attempted a smile, "we'll make it work. I don't want to ask you to give up on your dreams, it wouldn't be fair of me. I'm sure something will come up, and if it doesn't, well... you'll just have to write me as often as you can from the army."
John was sleeping peacefully, warmly snuggled with Sherlock. The loss of heat made him flip over a little, but he stayed asleep. And then, the most beautiful sound reached his ears. His dreams turned to visions of him and Sherlock together and happy, without a care in the world, the violin music a soundtrack. He smiled and nuzzled his face into a pillow.
Sherlock beamed when John agreed to stay and laid back to stare at the ceiling too, his elbow brushing John's. "Well, most of it is inherited, I come from a long line of very wealthy family. My father owns several diamond and ruby mines, he even has a couple of oil fields out in the United States. My mother is very prominent in politics, she's on several boards that I can't even remember the name of," his thoughts drifted to his childhood and he fidgeted nervously before speaking again. "I've never had any want for money, we've always had plenty of it and I know that I won't have to worry about being able to continue with my studies, but... It gets really lonely. I mean, of course I have Mycroft, my elder brother, but we don't really get along that well and my parents are always busy with work and socializing with their elite group of friends, always throwing parties. I never had any friends growing up because they always assumed I was too 'well to do' and wouldn't have anything to do with them. As I said, you're the first person to ever approach me." Sherlock fell silent after the speech, not really meaning to go that far into detail, but again it just seemed to come naturally with John.
good... So tight... Shit," he breathed and dug his nails into his fiancé's hip.
John sighed, so happy, as he kissed Sherlock in return. "Second only to you," he said. He finally pulled himself out of Sherlock and rolled off onto his side, pulling him close.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and brought their lips together again. He scooted back on the bed until his back hit the headboard. "You're so beautiful," he whispered against his lover's lips and slid his hands down the other boy's sides.
John had to let go of Sherlock's hair with one hand so that he could bite his fist again, because the sensation of his lover's lips and tongue and throat were too much to keep quiet. He moaned into his hand, eyes squeezed closed as he rocked his hips.
Sherlock smiled and wrapped his hand around John's on his chest. They spent the rest of the day like that, curled up on the bed together. They talked about everything and exchanged kisses every now and then.
"Mmm, not possible," Sherlock said and grinned. He snuggled further into his fiancé and quickly drifted off, waiting for morning to come.
John found himself easily able to keep up with Sherlock, keeping his eyes locked with his fiance's. Once again, Sherlock had taken something in his life and made it better. He was so happy, so lucky, to call this boy his own. After a while, he laid his head on Sherlock's chest, hearing his heartbeat gently thumping under his ear. He thanked whoever was listening everyday that he had these moments, chances to hear Sherlock's living heart. He was so grateful for him.
Sherlock turned his face to give John a slow, languid kiss. "I love you, too," he said softly against his fiancé's lips, then gave him another kiss. He pushed himself forward, effectively separating them. Then he stood and held his hand out to help John up, "we should wash off," he said and smiled down at him.
John sighed when Sherlock decidedly wouldn't eat any more. He followed him back to his room and started to change. But when Sherlock was unusually quiet, he stepped over to the other boy and hugged him from behind. "You alright?" he asked, nuzzling his face in Sherlock's back.
Sherlock groaned and pushed his arse out, "well... If I've been so bad then I guess you better punish me," he murmured against John's neck. He kissed his way back up to the other boy's ear and whispered huskily, "spank me, John."
Sherlock gasped as John straddled him and a shiver ran through his body at the other boy's tone. He smirked up at John and ran his finger lightly down the front of his shirt, "just because I don't have experience, doesn't mean I don't know how to use my looks to my advantage." He bucked his hips up once and pulled John down by the back of his head until there was just a breath between them. "It also doesn't mean that I don't intend on finding out every little detail of how to pleasure you, John," he breathed against his lips, smirk back in place as soon as he was finished talking.
Mycroft walked in at that moment, "you passed out at Mary's party," he said, smiling at John. He knew he wouldn't want to lie to him, this way he wouldn't have to. "The doctor said they'll release you in a couple hours, they just want to keep you under observation for a bit more."
Sherlock takes a hesitant breath, unsure of how to procceed. This whole boyfriend thing was way too complicated for Sherlock's liking, but at the same time he thrived on it.
"I think I'm asexual." Sherlock blurts out suddenly, cutting John off mid-sentence.
"I'm sorry, that was rather forward. I just...we missed you a lot--I missed you a lot. And I was terribly worried about you. It's just nice to see you looking well."
"That's piss poor psychology, Watson." Sherlock grumbles, sliding lower on the couch, his gangly limbs splayed out like spider legs.
The worst thing imaginable.
"Cats are important, then?" John asks in that same tone of amusement. "But not basic astronomy?"
John nodded. "Yeah, a kitten. Found her stuck in a back alley trash bin. Took her to the vet and got her shots and everything, and I thought you might like a...friend."
"Okay John. Me too. I promise."
Because John is trying too hard.
Sleep soon overtakes him, and he drifts into a restful sleep.
"Well, I'm extremely honored," John says, a little teasingly. The way his eyes softened when he looked at Sherlock made the detective wonder if his eyes did the same.
"You keep interrupting me. Where was I? Oh, your hair. It's lovely. Not quite as lovely as your eyes, I must say. They look blue, but after closer inspection they're a myriad of colors. Green, grey, blue, with just a tad of some golden brown tucked away in there."
Recovery had Sherlock so tied up that a case was the last thing on his mind. But now? Things are looking up, and the detective needs a fix for boredom that doesn't involve hurting himself.
"Because that's not how recovery works, mate." John says softly, patiently.
of this! So sick of his illness holding him back, sick of the sidelong glances, the whispered "freak", "failure", "stupid" he kept hearing, just sick of being alive and being himself. That's what he was sick of the most: being Sherlock Holmes.
"Well, it's not a huge conspiracy case, but it'll do to get sate your boredom for a bit," he begins. "Lestrade's been stuck on this one since it's a bit out of his league, but there's a boy, Adam, a few streets over that is missing his cat. Strange thing is, many other animals are going missing in that area too. But Adam's the only one who got his cat back, but she came back...different. Thought you might like to give her a once-over, see if there's anything off with her."
John pulls back, still keeping his hands on Sherlock's upper arms, rubbing his thumbs on them soothingly.
He was gripped by a nightmare, one of the worst reccuring nightmares he gets.    The other terrors, the sensation of falling; the walls of hospitals, tallies scratched into every surface; those he could handle.
"Are you
Sherlock nods, not quite sure what to say. Sometimes it was easy to fall into the mindset that
It's John, kneeling on the ground, cradling Sherlock's body on the pavement. He realizes he can't see because his vision is clouded with blood, dripping from his fringe into his eyes. He tries to raise his hand to wipe it out of his face, but he finds himself frozen on the spot, only able to breathe and blink.
Sherlock's heart is full of love for this man. No one had ever done what John has done for him. Not his parents, not Mycroft, not Molly, not anyone who had claimed to care about him has done so much for him. He was almost painfully grateful for the love and patience the army doctor has done for him.
"Are you a patient that needs to be diagnosed and patched up?"
Sherlock makes an offended noise, a smile betraying him as he focuses once again on Cluedo. It didn't feel horrible, having John describe him like this. He's not sure what expected; he knew John wouldn't say anything cruel about him. He wouldn't say anything untrue, either, which is what he guesses made him a little nervous about the request.
