Tony sighs and brushes Steve's hair off his forehead. He won't meet Steve's eyes. "I wanted to know if you were going through my things. The first letter, I wrote that the first night here. I was going to burn it. I don't know why I didn't. But I hid it instead, and didn't write anything after that because I thought you'd read it. I wanted to be sure you weren't reading my papers, so I picked something I didn't care about one way or another and wrote an entire page to myself about how much I wanted it. I knew that if you read it you'd try to give it to me, whether you made up an excuse for why you'd thought of it or no."
But it is not until this moment that Steve begins to understand the danger Tony was in and exactly how trapped he was.
"Jarvis, though," Tony continues, oblivious, "Jarvis kept telling me, Tony, don't run away. It won't change anything, and you'll be even more frustrated than you are now, because you'll think you've wasted your one chance. Don't run away. Don't run away."
"I'll also let you know," Steve says, "that this town is – We're all friends here. And I've a strong notion we're a good deal less formal than they are back East. There won't be no tongues wagging if we go to the house first. Though, to be honest," Steve says with a smile, "there's like to be more talk if I
After a moment her lips quirk in a tiny smile. She leans up on tiptoes  and kisses his cheek. "You're a good man, Steven Rogers. Now go make sure your husband knows that, too."
Steve pushes his face into the slick, intoxicating skin in front of him. Finally able to reach, he kisses the beginning of the swell of Tony's ass - that perfect,
With a nod, Tony steps up to him. "I had thought we could use it for your damp clothes, but I kind of underestimated how wet you'd be. I think you should probably just stand in it to get undressed."
So Steve avoids Tony, and Tony doesn't exactly avoid Steve but he sure doesn't seek him out. The day after their wedding Tony stays in the house all day, and then the next day he comes down for breakfast but when Steve ducks back inside after seeing to the stock Tony's back up in his room. After that Steve doesn't see Tony at all for three days. He stays locked away in his room, and Steve only knows he ever emerges because there's food missing. He's just glad that at least Tony's eating.
Tony sets his jaw, eyes glittering, and raises his chin like he expects - he doesn't expect Steve to actually hit him, but he does expect a verbal slap.
Barely a second later the musicians fade into a slower song, Frigga singing in a sweet clear voice about wishing for someone, and they both rise. Everyone on the dance floor has also paired off - friends and sweethearts alike - still talking and laughing. Steve's about to go towards them and stand on the edges like Tony said, but Tony turns to him and steps closer right where they are.
It's a good thing that's the last one, because Steve can barely get through it before his vision finally gets too blurry to see through. He covers his eyes with his hand, breathing hard, trying to get ahold of himself. He doesn't know what he's thinking, or what he's feeling. All he knows is he wants Tony and wants him right now.
"Tony," Steve starts, but Tony clearly doesn't want to hear it and barrels on: "I wanted to just marry the first person who asked who wasn't Ty or Zeke. The further they were from the city the better. I'd have accepted four proposals in a month if Jarvis hadn't stopped me."
"And," Mr Jarvis continues, voice dropping and eyes glittering, "make no mistake that though it may seem Anthony is quite alone out here, there are still people who care about him, and who will make sure he's looked after. People who will notice if he doesn't write, or if there's any hint of strife or coercion in any of his letters. People with, shall we say, certain skill sets and an affinity for poisons."
looks Steve up and down once, quick, with lightning-sharp eyes, before again looking demurely down. Softly he says, "Hello, Steve."
They're married. They live in the same house; eat at the same table and sleep beneath the same roof. They tend the same animals and harvest vegetables and fruit from the same fields. Walk through the same woods and ride in the same cart into the same town. They've talked about it and they've agreed that they want to work towards a real marriage. They're both here, and they're both staying, and they're both trying, and yet Steve still has to close his eyes and clench his hands against a wave of longing. Tony's frightened of something and Steve doesn't want to do a single thing to try Tony's tentative trust in him; would die before doing anything that would justify distrust.
Even though Steve's watching him so closely, the change that comes over Tony is so subtle and so unexpected it takes Steve a minute to realize it's happened. But his smile is more bright and less sincere than it was before, and he's shifted in his seat so he's closer to Steve but facing away, and he stops looking so steadily at whoever's speaking. A few moments more and Tony actually presses against Steve's side. He keeps looking around like he expects the walls to suddenly cave in.
Damn. At least it seems like Tony's not awake yet; Steve doesn't want him to wake with Steve's hands all over him. Cautiously, he raises his arm from Tony's waist and lifts the covers off himself, then tucks them around Tony so there won't be a cold draft when Steve rises. Slowly, he tries to get up without jostling the bed.
While Steve's just finishing the cleaning up, Mr Jarvis says he's going to do some reading. He fetches a book from upstairs and settles himself in one of the chairs by the fire.
"Didn't realize how tired I was," Steve mumbles. By the time he's got himself on his feet Tony's put their dishes in the sink and banked the fire.
Tony seems to come for ages. Steve's own cock spends itself and stills, hot and sticky against his stomach, flooding Steve with warmth and tingling, and still Tony's mewling and thrusting into Steve's mouth, his cock still pulsing and spurting on Steve's tongue.
"What makes you think there's anything wrong in the first place?" Tony demands, then bites his lip, realizing his mistake.
They burst out the front doors and everyone else thunders after them. Somehow Mr Jarvis manages to be right behind them, so he's standing beside them when everyone rushes up to offer congratulations. Steve pulls everyone else away far enough for Tony and Mr Jarvis to be able to say whatever it is they need to say in peace.
Howard used to do that, you know? He'd give me something he knew I wanted and then twist it and use it against me, but it'd be even worse because whenever I told him to stop he'd just say I had
"But I don't have any," Steve says, spreading his hands again. "I really don't, Tasha. Whatever he wants I'll do."
Trying not to look too eager or sick with nerves, Steve turns to Tony and ducks his head and ventures, "I'm going to go sit on the porch for a bit, if, if perhaps you'd like to join me?"
"Well, who can you be ridiculous in front of if not me?" Steve asks, remembering something Natasha said during that fateful conversation.
A moment later Tony hasn't moved - has hardly dared breathe - and Steve's forehead wrinkles. "I'm not sure I'll be able to help, um, you know," he waves a vague hand at his crotch, indicating either getting hard or coming in his pants or something else Tony's unaware of. "I'm sorry. If I'm asleep, though, I mean, it might happen. I won't do anything, though, I swear I won't. If it'll make you more comfortable I can sleep in the other room tonight."
"Before we go," Steve says, suddenly hesitant again. He hates talking about things like this. Uncomfortable things like speaking up when someone's being cruel or disrespectful he can do all day, but social niceties or customs or things that might inconvenience someone else – those things he hates talking about with a passion.
That night when they go upstairs Tony follows Steve into his room without a word. The bed is neatly made, Tony and Steve's pillows beside each other as if they always have been. Neither of them hesitate to get under the covers, this time, and once more Steve falls asleep without realizing it. This happens every night for a week, this strange phenomena of Tony following him to bed and neither of them mentioning it, and for a week Steve's sleep is peaceful.
A throat clears beside him and Steve nearly jumps out of his skin. Mr Jarvis is glaring at Steve, but when Tony catches Mr Jarvis's eye and grins at him, Mr Jarvis apparently can't help but smile wryly. Not that Steve can blame him; he doesn't think it'd be possible for anyone to see Tony smiling at them and not smile back.
Why doesn't he want me, Steve? Why doesn't he want me? You said you wanted to marry me. Me, not just anyone. Those were your
Once Clint is behind them, Steve decides he won't get much of a better chance to see if Tony and Mr Jarvis are silent because they wish to be, or because they have nothing to say.
Though he keeps his face downturned, Tony glances up at him and their eyes catch and hold. Steve's breathless. He's never seen eyes the color of Tony's before. He's never seen
It's an overcast day, gray and rainy, though thankfully the rain is light enough that Steve's not worried about flooding. He and Tony have been inside all day, quietly working on separate things but existing in each other's space.
At least neither of them makes any snide comments about the food once they sit down to supper, and neither of them turns up their noses at it. The meal passes in perfect silence. After supper Steve cleans up by himself; even though Tony and Mr Jarvis both offer to help, Steve insists. Mr Jarvis, in particular, looks supremely uncomfortable with this, but as always Steve's at a loss to explain why.
Tony nods, then nods again and looks at the bed. He still looks apprehensive and he doesn't make a move towards it. Steve had intended to let him get in first, in keeping with his resolve to not initiate any contact between them, but then he gets the flash of an image, what it would look like from Tony's perspective to have an alpha so much bigger than him looming over him and climbing into bed beside him, and Steve practically dives beneath the covers before Tony can move.
Steve makes a pained noise, his hips jerking forward and his cock twitching in a valiant but pointless attempt to come again. Tony laughs breathlessly. "Come on Steve," he whispers, and bites Steve's chin. Steve's cock tries yet again. "Let me help."
Tony's eyes are very brown. They're incredible. Not just one shade, no, but a hundred, a thousand; clear and deep, like gazing into the depths of dark amber.
"What?" Steve says. That's why the room looks strange: it's bright with sunlight. He looks at the window and realizes it must be nearly noon.
"I shouldn't be homesick!" Tony throws the pen down, shoving the chair back and crossing his arms. "It wasn't even really a home in the first place! I spent ages trying to escape, and I
Yes, Steve decides as he drifts off to sleep just before dawn, Tony really is one of the bravest people he's ever known.
When he follows Tony's gasps and the line of his thighs back into the cradle of his hips, he finds this position is even better than he thought it would be: Tony's calves and feet rest on Steve's back, grounding him, and his thighs embrace Steve's head and neck and shoulders, keeping him close and his every sense saturated in Tony, and when Steve winds his arms around Tony, pressing his hands to his heaving chest and stomach, his arms are filled with Tony, too - he's got Tony wrapped safe in his arms
Tony looks at him, still smiling but sharp-eyed, and after a moment his face goes impossibly soft. "I know you are," he says. "Well, I wasn't sure, but I hoped."
to do any of that, we can go in whatever order you like and we can leave as soon as you want to." Steve's learned his lesson well and tries his hardest to always lay out everything clearly, even the things he thinks are obvious.
She gives Tony a hug and, likely sensing how pleased but flustered Tony must be, fusses at him for being too skinny and sends the lot of them to Brunnhilde's to feed him up. As they're walking Steve hears the train rumble and screech into the station, and unable to quell the impulse he ducks his head towards Tony and says too quietly for everyone else to hear, "Do you remember when we met?" As though that moment were special to anyone but Steve, two people meeting on a train platform like thousands of others do every day – as though that were their
Great, so the memory of this morning has been tainted anyway. Tony tries to tell himself that having one imperfection is enough to make the experience seem more real without ruining it, but the truth is that missing Steve coming isn't just an imperfection, it's a fucking tragedy.
Tony smirks, then shifts to get his arms under Steve's so he can slide his palms down Steve's back and get two handfuls of Steve's ass.
could do. Things like cooking and cleaning he'd mentioned, but even in his letters Steve had told Tony he didn't have to do anything he didn't want to. Tony had said he'd like to try, and that he'd try to learn as much as possible before he arrived.
disappointed himself – he doesn't feel like the man beside him is a stranger, anymore, and he's no longer subconsciously waiting for letters from his Tony.
There's the sound of Tony's quiet footsteps on the stairs, and Steve hastily sniffs and wipes at his eyes, starting guiltily like he's been caught doing something wrong.
glad Tony can't see his face right now. He honestly thinks he's either going to punch the floor and break his hand or scream.
"Steven," she says, not giving an inch. "A great many people think the only thing separating a marriage from any other kind of relationship is sex. I promise you're both already thinking about it. You
what he's thinking!" Steve spreads his hands helplessly. "That's the problem! I can't figure out what's going on in that head of his, so I can't figure out how to make him –" and then he cuts himself off, because, well. Natasha knows he married Tony, so clearly Steve's at least a tiny bit fond of him. But he doesn't know how to say he wants Tony to be the happiest man alive. Certainly doesn't know how to say that in the middle of a bar in the middle of the day to someone like Natasha without sounding ridiculous.
"Gods, even your underwear is dripping wet!" Tony laughs. Steve chuckles, too, and Tony makes sure he's steady on his feet before darting away and then rushing back.
"No, but I might," Steve says. Tony laughs, but half a second too late - like he's thinking something else entirely and doesn't want Steve to know.
They don't say anything for the rest of the night, and after a while Tony falls asleep – or it sounds like he does; his breathing deepens and evens out and he doesn't move around much – but Steve stays awake and keeps watch. He can't stop thinking of Tony's voice when he said Steve wouldn't hurt him, like the idea was absurd, like after everything he'd been through at the hands of his own
Without even thinking about it Steve writes on a fresh piece of paper, "Tell me what you're afraid of and I'll protect you."
"I know it's terrible bare," Steve says, unable to keep quite but managing to stop himself from apologizing for everything from the roof right on down, "but I didn't know what you would like. I thought, I thought maybe you'd like to choose things yourself."
"Yes," says Tony. He says it deliberately, though, and pulls Steve's face up to look him in the eye. "Yes, Steve."
In less than a second Steve has a series of thoughts and realizations, and these are: sex is definitely one of the things Tony's been scared of, Tony sure seems to want this right now but that could easily change at any moment, if they do have sex now Steve is going to show Tony such a good time that Tony might be willing to do this again at some point, or at the very least won't be traumatized and will stop worrying that he's
The silence is broken by Mr Jarvis. He smiles, makes an expansive gesture to the buggy, and says, "I shall have to insist the wedding take place before the train arrives tomorrow. But so long as that is assured, then by all means, let us away to your home."
Tony swallows. Steve takes his hand back, stops touching Tony, though it feels like cutting off his own hand to make himself do it, but he doesn't move away. Tony sounds like he's trying to sound flippant and failing when he says, "Don't you think that acting like we're about to fight off an entire army will just make it worse?"
Steve's eyes snap to Tony's face. He doesn't realize how nervous he is until he finds himself clutching his shirt in his hands, unable to take the final step and toss it away and unable to look at Tony until he hears him make that noise.
This is wonderful right up until it isn't; after dinner (which Tony will never admit to anyone he spends sitting in Steve's lap, the pair of them feeding each other off a single plate and kissing even when they both taste like cornbread) it hits Tony square in the chest that he wants to tell Jarvis and Ana. Not details, of course, but whether or not he ever said it aloud they know what Tony's deepest fear was, and he wants to tell them he's all right. That he's going to
When Tony releases him with a wet sound it's Steve's turn to lie there and pant, staring down at Tony in wonder.
Steve just pulls him closer and kisses his hair. "Whatever you want," he says again. "Anything you want."
The room is yours. Any of the rooms are yours. We can even trade if you like; the one I have now is bigger than the one you're in. It's yours for as long as you want it. It's yours for the rest of your life, till the end of time, and I will never, ever make any presumptions upon it.
of them? He's left just standing there, not even able to respond or try to smooth things over, because he just doesn't
To see all these people who helped keep him safe without knowing why or asking questions, Steve thinks he means, and Steve thinks it's a good idea. Knowing that there are more people in his life now than just Steve who will protect him.
All of which is beside the point. No matter how it is Steve can get off, Tony's preventing him from doing so.
bad at this. He can barely say the word 'come' aloud to his husband right after they had sex; how on earth is he supposed to say the words for a conviction he can't even articulate in his own head?
Steve was startled by the suddenness, he turned his head toward the man. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to wake you up. I'm just leaving the room to make a quick call."
"I just can't deal with the fact that these people are risking their lives for me. I'm just a nobody. Who's gives a fuck if my life is in danger, this isn'ts something new." Tony said. "I'm used to it, I already knew the price I must pay for being a billionaire as a child. But, I just can't stand the thought of someone else getting hurt because of me."
Somehow, Steve felt at eased. The thought of Tony helped him to calm himself down. He had to find Tony, he had to see him again no matter what.
Despite knowing that smoking can kill him, he smoked day and night, almost as if he was drinking water. He wanted to be punished for his sins, a slow death would a great punishment for him, he deserved it. He was destined to be alone.
Steve didn't know how to react, this had been the best birthday party he'd ever had. All his wishes came true. He was truly grateful to his parents for throwing this party for him, otherwise he would never had met Tony.
When he cried there was a rawness to it, like the pain was still an open wound. Steve couldn't bare to see the Tony Stark, who was confident and witty, crying like this over someone.
Natasha and Tony parted from the hug. "Nat! How have you been, sweetheart?" Tony asked in friendly tone.
Steve glared at Tony, eyes cold as ice, it was almost as if there was no soul to it. He was really pissed off.
Tony knew who Steve actually really was from the beginning, after all yesterday wasn't their first encounter. They've met exactly 6 months ago.
But, instead Steve had to deal with these motherfuckers. They'd wasted his precious time, but don't worry he'd make them pay, oh he certainly will.
"He's not a stranger, the fact that you even remembered his name, totally proves that." Howard pointed out.
Bucky took a deep breath. "That guy was none other Tony Stark." He replied. His tone, as well as his expression were deadly serious.
But, Steve knew the word love, he just didn't know what love truly is or how it felt. So, how was he ever going find out if he's in love with anyone?
He couldn't get rid of the image in his head of Tony Stark in his vulnerability state. Steve clutched his shirt, his heart ached more and more.
This time Steve carefully got up and helped Tony to get up. Tony wiped off the dirt on his suit, that's when he noticed the butler was still recording.
Steve couldn't help but thought how familiar that man looked to him. At that exact moment, the man's name appeared on the big screen. His eyes widened. "Anthony Edward Stark AKA Tony Stark" Steve read out loud.
The room was awfully pitched  black, to the point where Bucky felt a strange feeling agitated him. It was so dark, that Bucky wasn't even sure whether if his eyes were closed or opened this entire time.
Steve could never live without Tony. He didn't want waste more time, then he already has. He needed to speak with Tony and fix everything. He can't give up just yet, not after what he and Tony had went through together.
Steve shrugs as best he's able. "I'm - It feels good, right? I'm, I'm glad that when you were - where you were before - you were still able to feel good. And I'm glad that you can, can make yourself feel good whenever you want. I want to - I
to? I've been dreaming of a husband that doesn't want me since I found out what it is alphas do to their spouses. And now you don't want me! You're a dream come true, Steve! Why the hell do I want you to kiss me? Why can't I ever just be content with what I have?
They're wrapped so close to each other, grasping and pulling and trying to get closer still, and Tony's mouth leaves his to kiss along his jaw, and Steve buries his face in Tony's neck and shoulder and mouths at his sleep-warm skin.
"Of course I am," she says, laughing back, as he sets her down again. Her hair is ever-so-slightly mussed, one bright red curl resting against her cheek. "Now get along with you."
"I have to go," Steve says. He stands and pays and is out the door into the blinding sunshine in less than half a minute, but even that seems too long.
And Steve - Steve does what he's been dreaming of doing for well over a year and gathers Tony up in his arms, holding him tight and comforting and pressing his lips to his temple.
That brings Tony up short. He's facing away, but stops his pacing. For a long moment he just stands there, every line of him tense as a bowstring – and then he lets out a breath and sags, like all the air and willpower went out of him at once.
By the time Steve's taken care of the stock and had his own breakfast there's still no sign of Tony. Steve hems and haws for a while, puttering about the house and hoping to hear Tony's tread on the stairs. Halfway through the morning he finds himself sitting at the writing desk again. He's got a line of communication now, one-sided though it may yet be, and he doesn't want to let it close. He'll write Tony another note, but just a short one, with nothing that may read like begging for him to come down.
The rest of the day passes normally, and things are fine until that night. The sun's set, the doors and windows locked, the fire banked, and they're about to go upstairs to bed and part ways. Steve is literally wringing his hands because he does not want Tony out of his
Some time later Tony starts twitching, limbs going slightly more tense, and his breathing speeds up. Then he groans and snuffles into Steve's chest, obviously put out at being awake. Steve loves him so much he's fit to burst.
Days when I'm home I take care of the animals in the morning and evening, and most of the rest of my day is spent either preparing food or mending clothes and tools. The rest of my time is spent drawing, sometimes reading, and often visiting.
Tony's sprawled back, arms out, hair a mess and dark with sweat. His eyes are closed, lashes clumped together, mouth slack - he's still panting, and looks like he's ready to fall asleep.
"You have to get used to it," Steve says, thinking that now he can walk through the woods in the dark and not run into anything or trip. "Even if you're somewhere you want to be, at first it's still overwhelming."
I've been thinking about how to say this for hours, and the best I can do is tell the truth, and the truth is what I want changed. What I wanted when I took out the advertisement and what I want now are different. It's as simple as that. I took the advertisement because, quite honestly, I was lonely. And I'm doing well for myself, but it's
Putting it all down in words (well, in euphemisms and allusions, but close enough) makes it so much more real, and so much more open to scrutiny. Suddenly Tony's looking at this not through his own eyes, but through theirs; picking it apart from every angle to see where the sharp edges are.
Tony looks away. "I keep thinking about them, too. They only kept working for my father to stay with me. Jarvis told me in his letter. I think he was trying to make me feel better that they had to leave when I did, but all that means is they didn't want to be there, either, and I kept them there."
Well, the real question is whether she's been able to play this whole time and kept it a secret for some esoteric, unknowable reason, or if she learned recently specifically for tonight. He wouldn't put either past her.
They kiss for a while, but it's slow and languid and Steve doesn't touch him at all except for his kisses and resting one hand on Tony's jaw. After a while Steve drifts off, and Tony just lies there staring at him, and realizes he's being selfish again. Not only is he not letting Steve have sex, he's also keeping Steve right beside him so Steve can't even jerk off. Yes, that's because Tony never wants Steve to suffer through another nightmare alone, but it also means Tony's denying him any relief at all. And that's assuming Steve even
It's the realization that Tony really does think Steve is going to berate him or say something cruel to him that gives Steve the kick in the pants to tell him, "No one's ever taken care of me like this, Tony. This is the kindest thing anyone's ever done for me."
Steve sucks him again and again, and the flood of warmth and taste down Steve's throat combined with the lost, almost pained sounds Tony's sobbing out make Steve feel so good that it takes a moment for him to realize he's coming, too, humping the bed like mad and pulsing on the sheets.
married? Does he think that even if we're not married we can act like we are? Is everyone here very rigid about marriage, and so if I agree to stay the night with an unmarried alpha will they look down on me so I'll be at a disadvantage here for the rest of my life? What? Why did he say all those things? What is he trying to get?
"No, I mean you weren't - you weren't, um, inside? Me?" Tony's laughing, too, shaking his head, but his voice goes up at the end like it's a question.
Tony stares at him for so long Steve's back starts to hurt from being held at this angle for so long. He doesn't move, though. Tony searches his face for ages, and then gives him a quick but obviously thorough once-over from head to foot.
Again the looks they train on him are odd and harsh. Steve would give up on understanding what on earth he's done wrong were it not for how important Tony is.
"Oh god no," Tony laughs. "I didn't get it either, at first. But finally he said don't run away. Run
Tony, but that makes no sense because the Tony that wrote to Steve and the Tony that stood in front of him were the same person, except in Steve's head they're
Tony's quiet and Steve doesn't say anything else, just keeps gently stroking the back of Tony's hand where it's still lying on his chest.
Steve gulps. Later he'll be both impressed and relieved by how frightening Mr Jarvis can be and the fact that there are people in the world other than Steve trying to take care of Tony. Right now, though, he's mostly just intimidated.
A week after the rains let up Steve and Tony drive into town. Steve returned the buggy he'd borrowed from Clint weeks ago, so this time they go in the much more – ah, rural – two-wheeled dogcart Steve usually uses. Tony doesn't seem to mind in the slightest, looking up at the trees and down the mountain as they go, exclaiming over everything he sees. It's a good thing Star's such a steady creature and knows the way already, since Steve barely pays attention to driving, instead staring besottedly at Tony as he appears to try to keep himself from bouncing and chattering in excitement.
Tony's quiet the whole time. Steve can't break the silence; doesn't know what to say. Wants to comfort him and doesn't know how. Can't stop stealing glances at him and jerking his eyes away in guilt and frustration at himself for witnessing the childlike longing Tony's doing such a poor job of hiding. They reach the house and Steve wants to point out everything that can be changed to whatever Tony would like, or take him for a walk and show him all the things about this place that Steve loves, or point out everything Steve's already told him about so maybe things don't feel so unknown. But Tony doesn't say a word and Steve doesn't know how to start.
"You think – You're acting like you think someone followed us. You kept looking behind us the whole way back, and you're jumpy."
"What if he tells me and I don't understand?" He says this more quietly. He's not – he's not like Tony. He isn't well-educated and sophisticated. He isn't near so clever. He wasn't raised in a city and he's never had real
Smiling fit to split his face, Steve buries his face in Tony's shoulder and kisses his neck. "Come on, Steve, Steve, Steve," Tony's saying, pushing at Steve's hips, presumably so he can get his hands under him.
He still daydreams about Tony, of course, but now the images getting him through the mud of the road and the water cascading off the trees are thoughts of Tony warm and snug in his bed. Steve can't wait to get inside and out of the rain, and dry off, and get something cold to eat and hot to drink and he really can't wait for the moment when he goes upstairs to bed, and he can stand for one moment outside Tony's door knowing Tony's safe and dry and
"Of course, I mean," Steve starts, realizing how stupid he sounds, "obviously I don't know exactly what it's like for you. I've never been in this situation before, and how coming here affected both of us is different, so. I don't know exactly what it's like for you. But I. Know a bit."
Nearly a year ago now, Natasha had started getting after Steve to take out an advertisement for a husband in the personal pages in the newspapers, and soon enough all his friends were in on it. At the time it seemed a never-ending morass of talking and arguing and Byzantine political maneuvering (or near enough), but right now it seems like just yesterday he received the first letter with a New York postmark smelling faintly of flowers and smoke and written in a spiked, elegant hand that by now Steve would recognize anywhere.
It feels like heaven, but eventually Steve is too restless to stay in bed. With an embarrassingly muzzy noise he lifts his head, looking around and trying to figure out why the room doesn't look right.
. Steve's still smiling and looking a bit dazed when Tony drags another chair beside him and piles his writing supplies on the table. They're sitting right beside each other, close enough that their arms brush and they can lay their heads on each other's shoulders when the fancy takes them, but since they're facing in opposite directions they can't see the other's hands. Steve would have to twist around in his chair to see what Tony's writing, and Tony loves him for it.
"Early," Steve says, and laughs quietly when Tony makes an indignant noise and shuffles around, wrapping himself more firmly in the blankets and burrowing beneath the pillows to keep out the light.
He hesitates and Tony nudges him with his elbow. "Really? You don't want an excuse to hold my hand and put your arm around me?"
Gradually he loses his sight until he can't see at all, knows he can't see anything but can't stop thinking of the terrible images of Bucky drowning and Tony falling and all the rest. He still feels sick like he's on a ship in a storm or on a train on a bridge or falling, but he's not falling anymore. He's lying down, flat on his back, frozen in ice. He can't move. He can't move.
The music slides into a faster song, and their little bubble is broken. Steve forgot there were other people around them; forgot where they were and what was going on in the first place. They both look around and then lean into each other, laughing quietly, at how startled they were.
He's knocked from his contemplation of Tony's flushed face and the feel of his hands in Steve's by whooping and hollering. He turns and sees most of his friends must've arrived while he wasn't paying attention. Frigga's in the front row, and surprisingly Loki is at her side. Mr Jarvis is at the other end of the same pew, of course. Scattered through the rest of the pews are Natasha, Bruce, Clint, Jane, Darcy, Sam, Maria, Brunnhilde, and half the rest of the town.
He starts with the first one Tony wrote him after Steve told him about Bucky – except Steve didn't tell him anything specific, just that his best friend was – well. So Steve reads that letter and then reads it again, and then he goes back to the beginning and re-reads every letter Tony has ever sent him, and without realizing it's happening he drops off to sleep on the floor feeling overwhelmed with guilt for how he wants the Tony of the letters so much more than the Tony in the next room.
And Tony's been very open about the fact that he has little hope of bringing any material wealth into his marriage. He hasn't said quite outright, but Steve can tell he's penniless. All the more reason to marry him as soon as possible, Steve had thought when he found that out. More obliquely, Tony's letters showed over and over again that he doesn't think he's good looking, and it seems most people around him don't think so, either. Steve knows he'll think Tony is beautiful no matter what he looks like – because Steve likes him so much, he won't be able to help himself – but it'd be hard to convince Tony of that when Steve hasn't actually seen him. So he's waited all this time to finally meet Tony so Steve can tell him he's beautiful.
Flushing, Steve complies, slowly lying back down atop his warm body, Tony's hands reaching for his shoulders and then guiding him down. They kiss and it's sweet,
Tony waves it off and turns away – then all at once he turns back, darts forward, pulls Steve down by the blanket he's still wrapped in, leans up on his tip-toes and for one moment presses their lips together.
Steve does and it works, and he smiles at Tony, proud of himself, and Tony smiles back. He moves his hand just enough to touch his fingers to Steve's neck, and Steve wants so badly to pull him closer, but he won't let himself.
"I'm not going anywhere," Steve says. "I'll still be here. But I'm used to sleeping on the floor. It'll be fine."
To get in as much pleasure as possible for Tony before he comes, so though he wants to explore he doesn't linger, sliding down Tony's body and shuffling down the bed until he can kiss down Tony's hip to the top of his thigh.
Tony did indeed take off at least his shirt, but he's under the covers. He's not actually clutching them to his chin but he's clearly not entirely comfortable, so when Tony reaches for him and pulls him in Steve goes at angle, wrapping his arms around Tony but keeping his hips firmly away from him. He's leaning on his right elbow, his arm beneath Tony, Tony's own arms around Steve's shoulders, Steve's left hand rubbing up and down Tony's arm.
You're a good man, Steve. And a good husband. I don't know why you doubt either of those things sometimes, but from now on I want you to remember this letter whenever the doubts creep in.
"Nothing's wrong with you," Steve says. Tony fists his hands in his hair, his face tipped back and eyes squeezed shut like he's trying to block out whatever's in his head. "You get used to things, no matter what they are. No matter how awful they are," says Steve, remembering when he first came to Big Eden himself after leaving the Army, "you adapt and get used to it. And when you go somewhere completely new it's like every single thing reminds you that you're somewhere else. Everything from the big, obvious things like the people and the buildings, right down to the tiny things you don't even notice, like the feel of the floor and the color of the light."
Tony's sprawled in front of him. He's buried in the pillows like Steve's kisses pressed him into them, his hair is a wreck, his chest is heaving for breath. His arms are at his sides, hands fisted in the covers despite how lax the rest of him is. His legs are spread around Steve's knees, and his cock is standing up beneath his drawers and shirt and making Steve's mouth water. And his eyes (drinking in the sight of Steve's chest and arms, apparently) are wide and surprised and sparkling, and his face is flushed dark, and his pulse is leaping in his throat, and his mouth is hanging open now but a moment ago he was smiling.
There's a feather-light touch on the back of his hand and it must be Tony and Steve's terrified of hurting him so he curls up tighter to keep his fists away. A moment later Tony wraps his hands around Steve's arm and pulls, and Steve doesn't want to hurt him, so he forces his arm to relax as much as possible even though Tony's pulling his arm away from his chest, opening him up wide when all Steve wants to do is stay curled up around himself.
Reading this back to myself, I can understand why it's confusing. Why did I advertise for an omega if I don't need help with the farm? That's where the root of some of my own confusion comes from as well, I think. I must've had a reason to advertise, which means there was something I wanted or expected from whoever answered. If I'd just met you the normal way and started courting you, it would be so much easier to understand when I say I don't expect anything from you at all.
Something pretending to be a smile flits over Mr Jarvis's face. "I'm afraid that's not possible at this time, but I will try."
I need you to know that I don't blame you, Steve. I won't. I know I'll be hurt and I know you'll feel guilty, but I won't blame you. I know you can't help it. I'll be all right.
The only sound is the rain softly pattering against the roof. Steve's never been so lost for words in all his life.
physical touch between them, not even just a brush of fingers. Touching Tony won't make him feel protected and cared about; Steve keeping his hands to himself will. So keep his hands to himself he does.
Once Mr Jarvis is in the buggy Tony grasps the bar and puts his foot on the wheel in preparation of climbing up himself, and Steve automatically offers his hand. Tony, too, seems to take it automatically and without even looking, but–
They walk into the cool interior of the chapel and it's all a blur until he's holding both of Tony's hands in both of his own, staring deep into those eyes and making his vows. And then again when he's trying not to shake apart into a million pieces as Tony gazes up at him and makes his own vows right back.
Steve looks around, too, can't help it; looks around like he's never seen the room before, despite having built it with his own two hands. Sees it, again, through the eyes of wealthy city folk.
"Oh god, Tony, please," Steve begs, gathering Tony close again and pressing words and pleas into his skin and hair, "please, please, please -"
But, well, Tony's made his decision and told it to Steve very clearly. Steve going against his wishes and NOT marrying him would be just as bad as Steve forcing him to get married if he didn't want to.
If anything Tony looks closer to the verge of tears than before. Steve can see half a million replies flit across his face before he settles on one. His tone and expression completely at odds with the flippancy of the words Tony says, "I hope you're telling me the truth about that, because I want to do exactly what we just did and nothing else forever."
The day Natasha first told him her idea, he never would have believed that one day he'd think her fool notion might just be the best thing he's ever done. He never could have dreamed that one day he'd be here: watching the train roll into the station and trying to wrap his mind around the fact that somewhere on that train is the man who agreed to marry him.
Steve, your letter was an utter failure. You said you wanted to explain things, to tell me things, so that I would understand everything, and instead I understand less than I did before.
"Do you know, Mister Rogers," Mr Jarvis says, interrupting Steve's staring for the second time in less than two minutes, "where we might find a few people to carry Anthony's trunk?"
And here he is, moments away from finally getting that chance, and ogling someone else. Steve could kick himself.
"Nothing, nothing," Tony says quickly, but he's not even looking at Steve, instead peering at every doorway they pass. "Just tired, I guess. Been a while since I've been around that many people at once, you know." He flashes a quick smile at Steve, but it's so forced it just makes Steve more worried.
love him. Steve's had Tony's cock in his mouth and his tongue in Tony's lovely ass. So far as Steve can tell, Tony
What is Steve thinking, making dramatic declarations like that? He's in the middle of their rough little kitchen, not in a melodramatic novel or Shakespearean play or something. The back of his neck burns but he clenches his jaw; he stands by what he said and won't take it back.
I'm sorry it's taking so long for me to trust you. I do trust you, Steve, I do. I don't mean to be the way I am. I trust you but I don't
He makes it back to the farm and tries not to rush too much settling Star. She got him home quick and easy, and deserves more than him simply taking off her saddle and running into the house.
Mr Jarvis gives Tony an exasperated look and Tony grins mischievously at him and Steve's heart just about falls out of his chest at the sight of it.
He's spent the whole day daydreaming about Tony. What else? Things have been stilted and awkward since the day Tony first sought him out of his own volition, but now they're both trying. More importantly, probably, they both
It's raining. The words aren't adequate for what's happening, the same way it isn't adequate to call the night sky kind of big, but nevertheless those are the only words Steve has: it's raining.
Steve may have existed in a state of constant confusion for the last two days, and he may be more afraid than he's ever been in his life, and he may not be able to tell if he can actually feel the warmth of Tony's hand through his shirt and jacket or if it's just his imagination, but he still walks up the chapel steps feeling ten feet tall.
When Steve does take a tray up that evening he knocks and simultaneously opens his mouth to say he'll leave the tray on the floor outside the door, but then the door is flung open so quickly Steve nearly jumps.
The next thing Steve knew he was pinned down against the wet floor. The man was on top of him, slightly sitting on his abdomen with a huge grin on his face. "You didn't see that coming! Well too bad, baby. I did warn you, but you're the one who provoked me first, sweetheart." He suddenly tightened his grip, emphasising on what he had said.
Steve couldn't breathe properly. It felt like his heart just stopped for a few seconds. He clenched his shirt tight, his chest ached so much. It was almost as if his heart was ripped open from his chest. It hurt so bad, the pain was unbearable.
"Oh sweetie, I'm not a monster. You did save me and I really appreciate that. Thank you, my knight in shining armour. But I seriously hate being owed by anyone." He said and smashed his lips on Steve's, taking away his breath. This time the kiss was intense. Steve kissed back, licking the man's bottom lips and sucking them hard. He slowly released the grip on Steve's wrists.
Steve gently held Tony's member, carefully bringing his lips to it, his tongue playfully licking the top and then taking the whole thing inside his mouth. Whilst fingering Tony in and out and adding the third finger in.
He concentrated in the slightest noise. Bucky heard voices that were muffled. He pushed his thoughts back and focused on the voices.
"Hey, Bucky, I've been meaning to ask this, I know it's gonna sound really straightforward but..." Tony said, as he put a straw in his mouth and took a long sip of his drink.
Tony cut him off. "Woah, calm down, Steve. It's alright. You didn't do it on purpose. I'm not mad. At least now you know, why I stormed out of the meeting." Tony gave him a weak smile and walked past him, their shoulders slightly collided.
"Ah, fuck sake!" He cursed out loud. He turned around. "Pep, you can't keep doing this to me, my heart is already to weak for this shit" He cried out, while placing one hand on his arc reactor. He took a deep breath to calm down.
Steve quickly opened the car door and sat down on the seat. Both of his hands were on steering wheel, his forehead pressed in the middle. His hands trembled, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't stop them from shaking. Soon his breathing became uneven, he panted heavily. Steve needed a distraction, to help him to calm down.
Natasha knew many languages, as well as Italian. "He said you take some rests, instead of talking." Natasha lied, with a calm gentle tone. She smiled at him.
Steve froze there. He must've heard that wrong. It had to be. There was no way Tony would say that to him.
Steve felt the adrenaline move in his veins, his heartbeat repeatedly echoed into his ears with a *thump thump*.
Shit, Steve literally had no idea how to respond to that comment; Tony certainly knew how to make him speechless.
Just when Steve started to enjoy his party, it had to end. Now, Tony was going to go home. He wanted Tony stay with him.
Steve's tears streamed down his cheeks. He had never once cried like this before. The gulits were drowning Steve, he felt suffocated. "What have I done, Tony hates me now." Steve muttered to himself. He couldn't even process what just happened. One moment everything was going perfectly, the next moment this happened. Life was full of shits, you can never expect when something might occur and change the whole fucking situation in a blink of an eye.
Bucky remained silent, he avoided Steve's eyes. After a few seconds, Bucky spoke. "Stevie, remember that guy I told you about, the guy who saved my life and also me made realize about my feelings for Nat."
The moment the king and queen heard Steve was unconscious they rushed inside to his chamber, shouting his name with a panic.
Steve's heart ached, he had seen something so unexpected. He had never thought there would be a day where he would witness Tony Stark looking so broken and vulnerable. It was almost as if the man had been wearing a mask this whole time, deceiving everyone to believe he was a playboy without any emotions.
Steve was fascinated at thought of soulmates. Two souls being madly in love that they love each other in every alternative universe. Not that Steve knew what love actually was.
Tony took a deep sigh and jumped onto his bed. He laid diwn for a while, as his mind drifted off to last night.
Steve rushed out of bed and made a run toward the door, he looked back. "I owe you big time, Bucky." He ran out of the room into corridor. Steve looked at the window and luckily he saw Tony in the car park. Steve ran to the car park.
Bucky felt a tingling feeling, he felt something, but couldn't begin to understand what. All he knew was that he's heart was pounding mad fast.
"Tony, so good to see you. How are you doing these days?" Sarah asked, with a friendly smile. "I see you've already met my son."
"You're the one who started it, you flicked my forehead first, did you seriously expect you'd get away from me, just because you're my boss?" Pepper stated confidently.
Steve shut his eyes closed, he was scared. He was going to die, this life had come to an end for him. Steve waited to crash into the floor but he didn't. Someone was holding into him, stopping him from falling.
Sarah watched as her son played with the toy. She hadn't seen him this happy for a very long time. How was she ever thank the man who did so much her and her only son?
Steve leaned forward, with only an inch apart from Tony's face. "Why, did you run away from me, Tony?" He asked in dangerous tone of voice.
On the other hand, Steve was dying with happiness, he couldn't believe his ears. Tony Stark had just called him hot. He was beaming with joy, he couldn't help but smile. "Then would you believe me if I told you, I've never been in a relationship?" Steve asked, he wanted to see Tony's reaction.
Steve approached closer to him. His heart began to pound at the sight of the man sleeping. He looked more younger and so fucking adorable. How can a man look this cute?
Well, to be honest one of Steve's secret was that he's fucking rich as fuck, even richer then Tony Stark. That may seem hard to believe, but that was the truth. Steve had many secrets that were yet to be unfold.
Tony turned to Steve's parents and thanked them politely for having him. He then walked in front of Steve.
"Oh Hey, Bucky. Yeah, actually I am. It's a really interesting story." Steve quickly bookmarked the page, he closee the book and placed it on the nightstand. "What's wrong, Bucky?"
"Fuck! Ahhhh! Faster, Steve. Gimme everything you've got." Tony panted, while wrapping his arms around Steve and kissing him deeply.
"Ouch! That hurt- it's real." Tony jumped in excitement, he run and hugged Steve. "I'm so glad, I've met you, Steve. My handome prince charming."
Pepper got the pen out of her bag and handed it to him. "Awwww, is that a get well soon card for the little boy. That's so sweet of you Tony."
Steve was breathing raggedly, gasping for air. It was as if he was drowning. His heart ached nonstop. Steve cried in the rain for hours, not moving an inch. Like his body was glued to that place.
After a few seconds, the guy parted his lips away from Steve's and looked at him. That was when he'd met with a beautiful pair of brown hazel eyes.
Steve was paralysed, the image of Tony's fall, broke him into pieces. Something inside him was ripped apart. It was as if his soul had left his body, only leaving behind an empty vessel.
Steve felt the complete opposite. He sat at the edge of the rooftop, swinging his feet’s back and forth. Steve was lost in his thoughts, he replayed the memories he had with Tony during these past two weeks. He had never felt this happy before.
He slowly moved his body away from the bed and turned around to leave the room. He needed to make a call to ask his guards to send someone with two sets of new clothes. Both of their clothes was drenched and dirty.
Tony couldn't help but enjoy teasing her, Natasha's reaction was absolutely hilarious and it was kinda of cute. Tony was extremely happy for Natasha and Bucky.
Steve felt the sudden nervousness built up, Tony laid on the bed with his back against it, the sight of Tony underneath him excited him.
Tony smiled at the boy and whispered "You're welcome, little one." He walked out of room and went to his car.
Suddenly, a car drove at high speed and stopped right in front of them. Pepper and Tony got startled, they both gaped at the car, as the person parked it there and got out of the car. "I could hear you guys laughing from the other side of the car park." The man stated, while walking toward them.
Tony blinked repeatedly, was it his imagination or was it that Steve sounded a little jealous? No, that can't be right, Tony must've imagined it, it had to be. "Nope, ain't telling you anything." Tony said with a popping sound on the 'p'.
His heart felt empty, like a black hole that was getting bigger each day. Tony couldn't keep these feelings inside anymore, he needed to share it with someone.
"Stevie! You can't do that, especially without a warning. I seriously thought, someone had possessed you or something" Bucky said, while constantly rubbing his lips with the back of his hand.
Steve shot his eyes opened, yet again his blue eyes met with those beautiful hazel brown eyes. The eyes which he could never seem to forget.
"So who's blood is that, Tony?" Rhodey asked. Tony hoped he wouldn’t had asked that question that he was trying so hard to avoid.
A young woman, who happened to be the owner of the Cafe, came to their table. "Tony! What a pleasant surprise."
"You don't have to be shy, Tony. At least now we know Steve's really good looking. Obviously you'd get distracted. Don't worry, Tony we understand." Rhodey encouraged Tony.
The man was absolutely beautiful. Steve couldn't describe him other then the word 'beautiful'. The man had a sharp jaw with an angular cheekbones and a perfectly trimmed beard. The complexion of his skin goes well with his beautiful brown hazel eyes. The man was so handsomely perfect.
If Steve says no, then Tony would go home and he might never see him again. No, he didn't want that. He wanted to know Tony more. Steve nodded.
"So, what's bothering you? Is it that Stark is kissing some other man and not you?" Bucky playfully joked. He's mouth dropped open, when he saw Steve's expression.
Tony gulped, his eyes were shaking in fear. He had never seen Steve this angry before, it was simply petrifying. It was almost as if he was a completely different person.
A sudden voice spoke. "Anthony Edward Stark, you left me, just so you could secretly meet up with you're boyfriend."
The moment he stepped into the house, he knew he fucked up. How could've he been so careless? And yet, somehow, he'd managed to break into the wrong freaking house.
Bucky chuckled. "You do realize, Tony Stark had kissed you on your lips-" Bucky gasped as he realized something else. "Tony Stark was your first kiss, wasn't he?"
Steve let go of his hand so fast, like he had touched something so hot, that his body reacted fast to avoid being burnt.
Before Tony could say anything, Pepper stepped in. "Calm down, James! That's not Tony's blood. He scared me as well" Pepper reasured him, as she lifted Tony's shirt, exposing his skin. He was perfectly fine, no wounds.
So there he was wondering around the museum, looking at the historical objects in the display, the items were very unique.
How could've Steve completely forgotten that the enemy was right in front of him? He only realized, when the guy tried to stab Steve. But Steve held the knife with his bare hand.
A meeting was being held in the S.H.I.E.L.D headquarter, but it was delayed for half an hour. It appears that they were waiting someone important; without them the meeting wouldn't start at all.
Steve sucked his neck hard and bit it, leaving a huge mark on his neck. Steve's blue eyes pierced through Tony's. "Say you love me!" Steve demanded, growling into his ear.
This work is a re-upload of my old work , so if this looks familiar to you, it's coz you've read it before.
Steve stared down at the sleeping figure of the man, he couldn't help but think how perfect the man looked in his arms. Steve walked to the bed and gently placed him on the bed.
"I can't believe you actually said that, you're really straightforward." Tony chuckled. "I really like that about you." Tony said, gazing at Steve with an impression that sent his heart pounding. He felt euphoric.
Something was definitely odd, Steve could feel something so soft against his lips. He was scared to open his eyes. Slowly, he took a peak, that's when he met with those beautiful hazel eyes. Oh, yeah he had stumbled over and had fallen on top Tony. Why was it that his lips felt warm and soft? Oh God! Could it be that, it was Tony's lips.
Tony pouted like a child who was refused to do something they really wanted, in which they waited so long for. He went and sat back in chair, slouching until you could only see the tip of his head from the table.
Steve smiled at him. "It's alright. I'm Rogers, Steve Rogers. It's a pleasure, to meet you Mr. Stark." Steve introduced himself, getting his hand out.
Steve ran his fingers through his hair. He stood there spacing out in the middle of the living room. "Wow! Great gob, Steve Rogers. So much for the mission." He muttered to himself with a deep sigh.
"I have to admit, you have an incredible body and handsome face. Not to mention your beautiful shades of blue eyes. You're like a full package, Rogers. Trust me, I'm not exaggerating at all. It's the truth."
He felt a strong arm wrapped around his waist and pulled him closer. Tony immediately shot his eyes wide opened.
However, Steve's body gave up and he lost consciousness. The last thing Steve saw was that guy's face. The guy who saved him.
"Steven! What a pleasant surprize, my boy." Steve's father, Joseph Rogers. The king of Americ Kingdom.
Thankfully, the private royal doctor was among them, he was already there to begin with; earlier, he had came to do a health check on the king.
When he embraced the man, the warmth spread across his body. His body and heart both felt warm for the very first time.
Bucky smirked, he wanted tease her, he wanted to see how she'd react. "Is that so, Nat? That’s bullshit, then why are you so scared of him finishing his sentence?" He asked as his smirk grew bigger.
Steve sighed. "Fine, I'll be honest. I just wanted to know how it felt to kiss another man." He lied. Obviously Steve already knew how it felt to kiss a man. After all he'd kissed Tony. That was his first time kissing someone, It felt like a sparked of magic; it was simply addicting. He wanted more.
The next morning Tony woke up with a strange feeling. The first thing he saw, when he opened his eyes was a blonde man sleeping next to him or Tony was literally sleeping against the man's bare chest.
Steve still couldn't get rid of the imagine of Tony kissing someone else. His heart ached, every times  he thought of Tony being with someone else, other then him. He fucking hated it, he couldn't stand that thought. He had to make Tony his, sooner or later. Otherwise, Steve was going to regret it and lose Tony forever.
Pepper let out a soft chuckle. "What can I say? It's just you're one of a kind, Tony." She replied, slightly flicking her finger at the edge of his nose.
Steve nodded in agreement. "If that's what makes you comfortable then I'm definitely alright with it."
Bucky's eyes widened, jaws dropped to the floor, he froze there. So, all this time those feelings he had was because he was in love with Natasha. Bucky, gulped rapidly, trying to process the information. His heart pounded even faster.
After a while, the doctor came to Tony. "Mr Stark, the kid lost conscious due to his fever and lack of medications." The doctor explained.
"I'll pay for everything, just make sure he's alright and inform his family member, but don't mention me at all." He said and walked off.
Natasha rolled her eyes. "Tony, you need to stop spacing out. This is important, your safety matters."
Steve couldn't even begin to understand why he kept having these weird feelings, but he knew who was responsible for it. Obviously, it was Tony Stark and always would be.
Steve gently opened his eyes, he saw his mom Sarah Rogers beside him. His face brightened up and a smile formed on his face. "M-mama" He called with cheerful tone in his voice.
"No!" Steve shouted. "I mean, you're wrong, of course I want to spend time with you, Tony. I'm more than happy to drop you off now, if that's what you want." Steve explained, hoping that Tony would understand about what he meant.
Tony looked up at Steve, his eyes widened in fear. "Steve, stop!" He shouted and ran toward Steve fast, without wasting a second of time.
Steve took off his clothes and stepped into the shower. The warm water dripped down his hair, to his body and down to his perfect abs that he had.
Tony hated seeing Steve like this, he couldn't even look at Steve properly. Tony had to make this choice, there was no other way. Even if meant it would kill Tony inside.
"Who said I'm scared?" Natasha questioned him, lifting up one of her eyebrows. She removed her hand away from Tony's mouth.
Pepper's eyes widened in shock, as she saw Tony's white shirt, it was red. Her heart stopped, when she realized it was covered in blood. "TONY! YOU'RE BLEEDING!" She put his arm around her shoulders, trying to support him to walk.
"I-I don't know what to say, other then thank you... I'm Steve." The man known as Steve said with a sweet smile.
Tony pulled away from Natasha's grip. "Nat! How many times are you planning to kill me?" He panted heavily. "This has become a daily habit." Tony muttered.
His throat felt dry, he constantly wet his lips. For some weird reason, Tony felt a sweet taste to his lips. He went to the bathroom, to freshen up.
Tony's mouth dropped open when he saw Steve's thing. "Holy shit! It's fucking huge!" He gulped  repeatedly, not knowing how on earth was he going take in something so big. His ass was definitely gonna split open.
Tony also shared many stories about soulmates with Steve. He told him about how people who are soulmates would have each other's names written on their left wrist like a tattoo or have soulmarks; that meant they were destined to be together and it was a physical proof of identifying their special bond that they had with each other.
Steve ran his fingers through his hair and muttered. "I need you in my life, Tony." He was fixated on the beautiful portrait of Tony.
Steve’s body were only an inch away from Tony’s. Tony noticed how Steve’s eyes looked so God damn familiar. "You're eyes are so pretty." Tony blurted out.
Steve stared at Tony with confusion. "If you don't mind me, asking you. How exactly do you know her?" He asked.
They both wondered around, taking time to get used to where everything were. The cruise ship was simply beautiful, the perfect place to spend your holiday. Maybe they'd enjoy this after finishing their mission.
Steve felt a sudden chill, but in a good way. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's abs, slightly pressing his body against Steve's back. Steve could feel Tony's warmth, it felt cosy and comfortable. Tony's cologne was sweet-scented and aromatic.
He wondered how it would sound when the man were to moan his name out loud. The thought about it made Steve excited. Not that it helped,  when the man started teasing him by rubbing his ass against his crotch back and forth.
Sadly, Steve can't seem to picture how this child looked like. Even so, those words kept him alive for so long, hoping that one day he'd meet this person again. Those words were a motivation to him because he knew there was someone just like him, who felt safe being alone in this big world.
Three days, 15 hours, 25 minutes and 30 seconds had past, since Steve had last seen or heard from Tony.
Bucky was dazed by Natasha. He didn't know how to react. Both of them stared into each other's eyes. Bucky felt his heart pound in a fast-paced, his could feel his ears and face burning; he knew he was blushing like crazy.
He had seen the real Tony Stark. The one behind all those masks. Oh God! He was beautiful. There was no other words to describe it. Steve's heart tightened, almost drawing the life out of him. Steve clenched his fist, the pain was unbearable.
Pepper buried her face into his shoulder as tears rolled down her cheeks into his shoulder. She wrapped her arms around him even tight, like her life depended on it.
"I'm sorry" He softly whispered into her ear. "I'm so sorry Pepper, I didn't mean to scare you like that." He repeatedly apologized to Pepper.
"Really?" Steve hadn't realize that. Now that Bucky mentioned it, he realized something. His happiness lied in Tony Stark. That's why he'd never felt happiness before, not until he met Tony Stark.
Tony burst into laughter, filling the room with his cute laugh. Steve's mouth curved into a smile, he loved seeing Tony smiling and laughing because of something he'd done or said.
But, the thought of Antonio not being right by his side killed him. He barely even knew the man, after all they've just met 7 hours ago and yet Steve was completely drawn to him.
Tony's mom Maria screamed in fear, her tears streamed down as she saw her little angel fall. She couldn't bare the sight of her son in that state, this was all too much for her, especially as a mother. Maria began to have an panic attack and lost consciousness.
"Ahg! Steve!" Tony screamed his name, lifting his hip up and biting Steve by the junction of his neck and shoulder.
Tony wrote down a small message in the card and got out of the car and headed inside the hospital again.
"Oh my god Steve, don't tell me you got distracted cause you saw Tony making out with someone" Natasha asked, she lifted one of her eyebrows.
Steve carried the man to the bathroom and gently placed him down underneath the shower. Who knows how long the man had stayed in those wet clothes for.
Bucky had heard and seen everything Tony had done for him. even though, they'd only met an hour ago, Tony risked his life to save him.
Tony's shook his head, "The poor child has a lot of health problems and due to the fever he passed out. I can't even imagine having to deal with that at such a young age."
One of the fucker hissed and told the others, that the person there looking for wasn't here. Thankfully, they've went away for good this time.
Steve couldn't help but think how perfect it sounded when Tony called his name. He freaking loved it, Tony's voice was like a melody to his ears, it was very addicting.
All Steve knew was that he cared deeply about Tony more ever. He couldn't live without him. Steve needed him.
"You're a hypocrite, Tony." Steve replied. Those words came of out Steve's mouth without a warning. Steve wasn't thinking straight, he never meant any of those words.
But, Tony had already seen his hand, his eyes widened, as he rushed toward Steve. " Holy shit! You're bleeding!"
Tony wanted to know, why they were acting like this? Why, were they so sure about Steve, even though, they hadn't met him? Tony's mind was full so many questions.
Steve cried out his heart. Joseph had never seen Steve cry like this, not ever. Wait, he'd seen him like this on that day, when...
"Steve, what you did was reckless, Today. I've never seen you lose focus before in a mission. What happened?" Natasha asked.
It was strange how Steve was at the edge of crying. Not long before, he couldn't even feel emotions or a single drop of tear.
Steve opened the drawer and got out a bottle of lubricate gel and condoms. Due to having skin contact with Tony, Steve's cold hands had warmed up.
Tony itched the back of his head. "Yeah, about that. So much things were going on and I completely forgot, I'm surprised I even managed to ask for his name. Anyway, why would I even want his number? So what if I just to be his friend, he might not want me as a friend. I mean who'd want Tony Stark, a narcissist as a friend? " Tony said.
Steve held his mum's hand and reassured her that he was okay. Steve hated making his mum worry about him. "I really appreciate it mum, but I promise you, I'm alright."
Those lips felt just right on his lips, it was so God damn warm. Steve wondered how warm it must feel inside the man's mouth. Just before Steve could open his mouth, the man broke from the kiss. He felt disappointed.
Sarah knew someone had brought her son in the hospital. But, she didn't have a clue to who it was. She asked the doctors but, their answers were the same. Everyone kept saying they didn't know who it was, Sarah knew they were lying, but she didn't say anything.
Tony couldn't help but crack up. "I'm a what now! A psychic?" He hadn't heard something so absurd as this, it was fucking hilarious.
Tony gasped for air. "I thought I was gonna die" He panted. "Nat, your grip was too hard, next time please go easy on me"
"Steven's heath improved because of Anthony. I haven't seen Steven this happy before. But, thanks to Anthony, we were able see our son smile after a very long time. Anthony is his first friend and your telling me take all of that from my son."
Tony faked a gasp. "How can you guys support me in becoming a friend with a stranger? Aren't you guys supposed to be looking out for me? Seriously, the world is a dangerous place, you can never trust anyone." Tony said in a serious tone. It wasn't that he was complaining, but it’s kind of suspiciously seeing them behave like, normally they're overprotective, when it came to Tony. Like Tony, had mentioned before, these two were like his parents.
Maybe in time, he'd recall where he had seen Steve. All he had to do was wait, eventually time will tell.
Steve took a step back. His eyes were shaking in fear. The nightmare he tried so hard avoiding ended up coming true.
After a minute or two, Tony finally managed to control his laughter. He cleared his throat and patted his cheeks, then taking a deep breath.
He hugged Tony tight, not wanting to ever let him go. "I'm here, Tony." Steve meant every words he said. He felt Tony's tears dripping down on his shoulder.
Wait- he's able to breathe now. Tony Stark saved him yet again. How was he ever gonna pay Tony back?
"It's Steve's" Pepper replied with a huge smirk on her face. Tony knew that face really well, she's gonna tease the fuck out of him. Why did I even mentioned Steve's name? Tony rolled his eyes.
Despite knowing that, Tony got out his pinky finger. He knew this was a childish thing to do but who cares, they're were just kids anyway. Somehow, by doing this would give him hope, even if it was the slightest; it made him feel reassured "pinky promise." He was slightly pouting like lost child.
"I swear, if you guys tease me about him again, I'm gonna- well actually I don't know what I'm gonna do with guys." Tony warned them.
He loomed over Tony, staring down at Tony's shaking figure. The pain in his heart increased 10 times more. He couldn't bare sight of Tony being in pain, he had to do something. He had to stop Tony's pain. Maybe only then, the pain in his heart would also fade away along with his.
The moment Tony came into his life, Steve was flooded with euphoria. He felt alive. Tony made him feel things; which he can't seem comprehend.
"It must be my lucky day, today. Having to get countless compliments from Tony Stark, I'm speechless."
"I just...I don't know Nat. I seriously don't know what happened to me." Steve sighed. It was true, even Steve didn't know the answers to that.
Tony's eyes met with cold blue eyes that pierced through him. The man placed his hand against the wall, blocking Tony from escaping. "S-steve, what the fuck do you think you're doing?" Tony asked, with annoyance to his voice.
Steve felt like a stab in the heart, when he saw Tony. His body was shaking in fear. He had a terrified look on his face.
Tony was struggling so much. But Steve didn't care. After a few seconds, He slowly parted his lips away from Tony.
Steve had missed embracing his father, he missed him very much. Steve couldn't pretend anymore, as he burst into tears. He needed someone's shoulder to cry on. So they'll comfort him and make the pain vanish.
Later that night, Steve went to see his mom in the hospital; Sarah was a nurse and had a night shift. Lately he hasn't had the chance to see her, due to the hectic schedule he had. He just couldn't find time to meet his loving mom.
The last thing Tony remembered was seeing the horrified look on Steve's face and him calling his name, but it sounded muffled. Everything soon turned darker than black.
Tony stepped in front of Steve. "No, I'll do no such thing" Tony replied. "Don't get me wrong, but I don't know him at all, so I can't introduce you guys."
He knew his dad wasn't aware of his true feelings for Tony yet, Steve was a little oblivious and dense when it came to feelings and emotions.
"Thank God! I'm so glad you're alright and you're welcome, sweetheart." The man looked so relieved, as a bright smile spreads across his beautiful face. "Now, quickly go and take a shower or otherwise you're gonna catch a cold and I can't have that. Not in my watch." He repeated the same thing Steve had told him.
"Well I think it's cute." Tony replied. "Wanna take a guess of what mine and Peppers ship name are?" Tony asked.
Steve took the card and opened it. He saw the most beautiful handwriting by the most beautiful, handsome person. His handwriting was neat and perfect.
Tony loved Steve far too much, to make Steve stay by his side and let him suffer. Steve deserved happiness and he can't have that if he was with Tony. No, Tony was too broken. Tony's happiness lies in Steve. He would literally do anything for him. Even if it meant letting him go.
“Shhhh! It’s a secret.” Tony put his index finger on his lips. He winked and walked off. "I'll see you guys later" He said, waving his hand whilst his back was faced toward them.
The place was crowded with people. Steve felt out of place, he always hated parties. But, he had to bear with all this shit and complete the mission.
Thank lord, that Steve knew a lot about that. He liked speaking with Tony, he felt comfortable around him.
Steve hated the fact that Tony thought of him as a stranger. He wanted to be more than that to Tony. The least he wanted, was to be Tony's friend.
"It's okay, Tony." Steve whispered softly and gently rubbed his back, trying his best to calm Tony down.
"-Steve! I've been looking for you for so long. What did I say about you coming to the rooftop alone? Steve, it's not safe." Tony reminded him with a sigh and sat next to Steve. Tony was recording everything with a video camera. "Anyway, aren't you gonna see me off? Who knows when we'll see each other the next time."
Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing. But, maybe he's father was right, maybe this was the only way Steve could get Tony back.
Steve couldn't believe it. So, all this time he kept having all those weird feelings, was because he was in love with Tony Stark.
Steve pressed the elevator button amd waited for it. "It's good to see you, Captain." The British A.I said.
Tony's face glowed, his lips curved into a bright smile. Steve had to admit Tony looked so cute and adorable. It was totally normal for him to think that about a child, right?
"Oh honey, I had no choice but to come, otherwise Pepper would've killed me." Tony replied, as he kissed her on the cheeks
Steve crashed onto the cold concrete floor. His breathing became abnormal, no doubt about it, Steve was having a panic attack. This hadn't happened to him in years, but out all people in the whole wide world, It had to happen in front of Tony Stark.
Steve covered him with a blanket and made sure he was comfortable. Next thing he knew, he kissed the man on the forehead and softly whispered "Goodnight, Boo."
Steve suddenly snapped into reality when he felt a pair of soft warm hands cupping his face. The warmth yet again floated across his blood, quickly heating his body up.
Oh God! He was mad at him. Steve felt the need to explain everything to Tony, so there would be no place for misunderstanding. Steve didn't want to start in bad terms with Tony.
It broke Steve's heart to leave him like this, but he couldn't risk the chance of staying and being caught.
"Focus on something else, focus on my voice. Focus on me, I'm almost done." Tony was being extre careful in treating Steve's wounds.
Steve slightly sat on his knee, he took of the towel around his waist and ripped a pack of condom. While he was putting on the condom, Tony glanced at him in disbelief.
His lips moved down to Tony's neck, slowly licking it and slightly biting into his skin, Steve wanted to leave marks on the man, so when the man were to wake up tomorrow morning with Mark's on his body, he'll remember the things they did together.
That name had just slip out from his mouth out of nowhere. But, he liked how that name sounded on his lips. Tony suited that man perfectly. Could it be, that was his name all along? Antonio and Tony sounded similar. Obviously the man's name was actually Tony.
"I guess that would be too unfair for the boys. Anthony, I know you want to finish your project at home, but just this once, please stay here and I'm trusting you to keep out of trouble. Okay my boy. I love you."
A voice from behind spoke. "Stark, you're literally half an hour late, sometimes I don’t  even know why I deal with your shits." The man worn a black long leather coat, he had an eye patch.
"I know you must be tired and hungry from your journey," Steve says, "and I imagine it'd be nice if you could get somewhere comfortable quick. But I also know that even with a chaperone, you may not want to spend a night in a house with an unmarried alpha. So we can either go direct from here to the chapel, or we can go to the house and come back tomorrow well-rested. For my own part I simply want you both to be comfortable, so I leave the choice entirely up to you."
Tony pelts downstairs; Steve hands him the letter and he turns away, going to the window and ripping it open. He reads it with his back to Steve but doesn't leave the room, and Steve just stands there and watches him, waiting, maybe praying - Tony raises a hand to his face. His shoulders are shaking. He turns halfway towards Steve and Steve's stomach sinks.
, exactly, because he meets people's eyes and doesn't cower, it's just that – he doesn't speak much until Steve's introduced him to someone and they've exchanged a few words. But the moment someone speaks to Tony directly, Tony smiles back and speaks to them.
expect him to do? Hello Tony, lovely weather we're having, and by the way I don't expect you to cook if you don't want to, or mend my socks, or take Star out every morning to learn horseback hand-stands?"
Tony smiles at him and says, "We should get you home and fed before you start gnawing on the leaves, too."
Mr Jarvis and Steve drink weak coffee in silence for a while. The very air is oppressive, though Steve hopes it's all in his head and he's only imagining Mr Jarvis is glaring at him. He listens to the birds outside and tries to concentrate on the sound rather than on the worry of what the day may bring.
"Jarvis said they'd be fine," he says at last. "He worked for my father, see. He said that he and Ana would be fine. But he left me a letter the day he left and he, he said that. He said that he and Ana would be able to keep people from getting suspicious, but they'd still likely be watched for a while. They don't want anyone to be able to find me. They gave me a new address and said I could send letters there, but it'd be a while before they could pick them up or write to me."
True to his word Steve does bed down by the fire. By the time he's sure the house is completely secure and the rifle is ready and loaded, the sun has set. Tony'll be going up to bed at any moment. They had a quick supper a little while ago, but Steve didn't have much stomach for food and Tony only picked at his.
He leads them to the house and up the porch. He wants to reach out and help Tony again, but it's only three steps; Steve just wants an excuse to touch him. He fights down the urge.
Steve tells him all about it as they munch their way through those three pieces of toast, and then four more. For fear of overthinking things and getting tongue-tied, Steve doesn't let himself think about the fact that everything he's saying is exactly what he would've written Tony if Tony wasn't here, and this is the first time it's like the Tony of the letters is sitting right beside him. Steve's giddy with getting to hear Tony's answers as soon as he speaks.
But Tony ducks his chin and smiles. "Of course," he whispers back, and Steve doesn't realize he's leaning closer until Darcy coos at them and says, "You two are
give him some sort of list like that. Because what does Steve know of wealthy cityfolk and their ways? How is he to know what Tony thinks a marriage is supposed to be like; how is he to know what Tony thinks being a good husband means? All Steve wants is to be a good husband to Tony, but how
Mr Jarvis sighs, and Steve gets the distinct impression he's trying not to roll his eyes. Then he looks at Steve, lips pursed, clearly weighing every possible nuance of everything that could possibly happen in either scenario. For no reason Steve suddenly wonders if Mr Jarvis used to be a soldier.
He doesn't let himself think about it too much; if he writes something foolish or stupid or embarrassing or untrue he can just re-write it. Better to get everything down now while he's thinking about it.
"Yeah," Tony says. "The vote was split on which one of them should get to have me. Zeke's father wanted me to marry him, my father wanted me to marry Ty, my mother wanted to figure out which of them had more money, the whole thing was a mess. Well. Behind closed doors it was a mess. As far as anyone else was concerned, though, it was the romance of the year."
They're near enough to touch all day, following each other around like puppies. They hold hands walking from the house to the barn, for godssake. It's a grand total of about ten steps. But Steve isn't complaining and never pulls away, and Tony's still feeling around the edges of this whole 'Steve will start a movement or complete it but never both and the rest is up to Tony' thing, now that he's finally figured out it's there.
The fire is burning cheerfully in the grate. Tony was, indeed, curled up beneath a blanket in the armchair with a book. But there's also a pile of pillows and blankets in front of the hearth, and there's a chair and some things Steve can't quite distinguish rigged up next to the fire with what looks like every towel they own draped over it. Something in the air smells absolutely delicious.
He drifts, and it feels like spinning. Tony comes back to bed and tugs on Steve until he's wrapped around him, face pressed to Tony's warmth and arms around him. Without meaning to and without realizing it's going to happen, Steve sleeps.
startles a laugh out of Steve. "Tony, you might be the strongest, bravest person I've ever heard of, omega or alpha or anything at all."
Clint rolls his eyes as he brings three of the glasses over. "I'm not going to get drunk on one drink, Steve, honestly."
"And you were in a worse situation than they were. They could have left if they wanted to; you couldn't. Don't you think that if you were able to be happy with them despite everything else, they were happy with you, too?"
Tony's breath is coming very quick, sounding almost panicked, and Steve looks up to find Tony staring at him, wide-eyed and surprised. He doesn't move, but his hands are gripping the sheets so tight they're white. Steve opens his mouth to ask, but when his lips part Tony's cock twitches. Steve stares at it, can't help himself, Tony's pretty cock pink and wet, nestled in thick dark curls. Steve licks his lips and Tony's hips twitch. Steve's mouth floods with longing, and he can't keep himself away; nuzzles at Tony's cock and presses his cheek to Tony's hair.
Now, though, driving towards it with an obviously wealthy Tony and an openly disdainful Mr Jarvis, Steve's seeing it through their eyes, and it looks like naught so much as a rude little hovel. Tiny and mean and out in the middle of the woods in the middle of nowhere, with not even polish on the floor or the first story divided into more than one room. He has the half-wild urge to turn the buggy around, tell them the house burned down and put them up at the hotel in town instead.
The three of them climb into the buggy for the short trip to the station, and Steve turns away as the train rumbles up to the platform to give Tony and Jarvis as much privacy as he can while they say goodbye one last time.
Tony's sprawled out, relaxed, and his chest is heaving and his hair is tousled and his cheeks are pink and his eyes are sparkling and he's smiling at Steve and Steve says, "I'm in love with you."
"He cause any trouble?" Steve asks, watching Tony standing straight and rigid from the corner of his eye.
"I can heat you up some stew too, if you like," Tony says after a moment, sounding almost unsure, "but I wasn't sure if your hands would be shaking so I didn't know how you'd feel about spoons."
. And, well, at the time that didn't help much either. What was the difference? How was running away from a life married to one of those creeps any different from running towards a life without either of them? And what did it matter, anyway, so long as I got away?
in person. Not that it's a bad thing! If anything, in person he's even more enchanting. Just... In all his letters, Tony was so curious. About everything. Steve told him about so many things, about his friends and the house and the surrounding environs and Tony seemed so excited. He'd asked questions and follow-up questions and he was interested in Steve himself, too; managed to get Steve to tell him things Steve hasn't told anyone. Even over letters he managed to take Steve by surprise and get him to say things he didn't mean to say. And now –
"All right," Tony whispers. He closes his eyes and leans back in his chair, tipping his head up and rocking the chair a bit. "All right. Let's get married. Tomorrow. Please."
me, and here I was looking at someone else. And he couldn't be you, obviously, because he was the exact opposite of what you'd described. But then I couldn't find you at all and I was so worried that something'd happened to you, and then Mister Jarvis found me and brought me over to see you – to see Tony, my – well. Not
Tony gasps, curls forward like he's been struck, yanks Steve's hair so hard he pulls himself right off the bed, clenches his thighs around Steve's head and comes.
It strikes Steve in the gut, the desperate longing for Mr Jarvis to stay. He's a good man and the gods can see how very much he cares for Tony, and how well he takes care of him. Steve wants to be able to ask him how to make Tony happy. Once he leaves, Steve will be the only other person on this mountain Tony knows. Steve wants Mr Jarvis to
The sound of his voice knocks Steve out of his head. He realizes that Tony's standing perfectly still, too, and rigidly straight, his eyes wide and frightened.
For a long moment Tony doesn't move at all, then all at once he seems to realize Steve's telling the truth. "Oh," he says, looking away, but Steve can see the slight blush on his cheeks, the slight smile on his lips, and Steve's heart flips in his chest.
"No," Tony says again. He doesn't obviously take a breath or square his shoulders, but Steve gets the sense he's doing it in his head anyway. "No. There's a bed right here. It's big enough for the both of us. We're married, for godsake. We are both going to sleep in the bed."
"All right," Steve says, mind unfurling like he's on a battlefield, ready to just batten down the hatches to withstand a siege, "the barn's already locked up tight. Come with me to get enough wood for the fire for the night, then I'll get the doors and windows down here and you go get the windows upstairs. I'll stay down here tonight –"
"Tony! Steve! My favorite hermits!" Clint cries as soon as they cross the threshold, jumping up from behind the desk to shake their hands.
Unable to face going back to the house yet and unable to admit to himself why that is, Steve tells Natasha about everything over a single glass at Brunnhilde's saloon. After a little while he realizes he's run out of things to say and is just repeating himself, so he makes himself close his mouth, turning his cup around and around in his hands.
"Please tell me if you don't like something," Steve says, shirt forgotten as he drops his hands to rest lightly on Tony's knees, feeling the bony realness of them beneath the sheet. "Tell me if you
The next morning – the morning of the wedding; the morning of the day Steve and Tony have agreed to marry – Steve's up before the sun, which is early even for him. When he gets back to the house after seeing to the stock it's roughly the same time as when he first heads out on a normal morning.
Tony smiles up at him, sunny and teasing, and takes Steve's right wrist. He steps closer still, and draws Steve's hand around to settle on the middle of his back. Then he puts his right hand in Steve's left, drawing them up so their elbows are bent and their loosely clasped hands are level with Tony's shoulder. Then he lays his left arm atop Steve's right, and puts his left hand on Steve's shoulder, and then he smiles up at Steve and tugs just a little, half a step back.
Steve is drowning. Icy bitter seawater is pouring down his throat and forcing itself up his nose. He's drowning but he's standing on dry land at in the prison, and it's a flat plane but he's watching the fall from the train, and he's on the train in the cold wind of the mountains but trapped in something warm and soft and constricting, and he's underwater, and he's falling from the ship, and he's falling from the train, and it's all jumbled up, all the worst things that have ever happened to him, and sometimes it's happening to him and sometimes it's happening to Bucky and sometimes it's happening to Tony and no matter what Steve is frozen, can't move, can't scream, can't blink or look away.
Tony took of his suit and wrapped it around his hand "This should stop the blood from dripping for the time being. I have a first Aid Box in my car, let's get this treated fast as we can, You're already losing too much blood."
Steve lost his two childhood best friends. They were everything to him. He didn't know how to cope with this lost.
The lady looked so close to tears. Tony's words were really touching and encouraging. She nodded and gave him a smile.
How did Tony even do that with his eyebrows? Steve couldn't even do the simplest thing, as even winking. Maybe, Tony could teach him too. Oh, how he would love that. Steve waited so long to have a friend and now he finally has got one.
"Okay, fine I admit it. I got distracted cause of that, it's just I was kind of surprised to see him there." Steve finally confessed.
Could his day get any worse. All he knew was that he couldn't breathe at all, it was like history had repeated itself from that day; when Tony had saved him.
Steve mentally panicked, not knowing how he should fix this. Without even thinking Steve shouted out "Stark"
Tony hoped whatever Rhodey had said was true, but deep down inside he knew it was just a beautiful lie.
Steve's father placed a hand on his shoulder and told him it was okay and to let them be, they're kids after all. Howard nodded.
He had finally made it, he stood there panting heavily. He felt so nervous, to even speak to Tony. He had thank Tony, now or never.
Most of our monetary income comes from pelts and furs. There are a few of us in town who hunt and trap, and we do a good job of not over-hunting anywhere. Unfortunately that means that sometimes I have to be away from home for days or even weeks at a time, since I have to go so far away. I'm sorry.
Natasha shakes her head. "It's not enough to imagine what it would feel like to be in the same situation as someone else. You have to imagine how it would feel to
That's what I mean when I say that you don't have to do anything. I can keep us fed and housed and clothed. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to worry about anything. I'll take care of everything. –
"All right sounds good thanks for dinner!" Tony closes the door in Steve's face and Steve walks away smiling.
Tony's looking straight forward across the street, and he takes a breath and squares his shoulders, sticking his chin out defiantly. It breaks Steve's heart all over to see him putting on a brave face even in front of him.
I'll love you no matter what will be a comfort. Whether you ever chose to tell me or not, I hope you're secure in the knowledge that you
"So was I. And this," jabbing her finger towards his face, "is a huge part of the problem. It didn't occur to you to talk to him, and even when I suggested it you thought it was a joke."
The sun sets not too long after Tony finishes his letter to them, and Tony follows Steve up to their room. To their bed.
"Why do I want to write her?" Tony says, pensive. "She was miserable, and instead of trying to save or even just shield her only child from that, she turned around and tried to put me in exactly the same situation. She knew that I would be miserable, too, and that I'd be - I'd get hurt, and she didn't care. Why do I want to tell her that instead of that I'm married to a good man and I'm all right? Why do I worry that she's worried about me? I know she's not."
At this Tony's eyes actually bug out of his head and his mouth drops open, and Mr Jarvis rears back like he's been slapped. Steve flees to do as he said, unsure how to apologize for suggesting they share and unable to bear being in the same room as either of them any longer. If anything, though, his confusion is a hundred times worse a short time later, when Tony and Mr Jarvis bring their bags inside and do, in fact, put them in the same room. Steve's never been so unsure in all his life.
to want to be here. It's something that can't be forced. It's something that won't count if Tony doesn't have any other option. So Steve's going to give him that, though he might break his own heart in the process. He looks at Tony and wonders if he's just said that words that will ensure he never has the opportunity to look at him again.
Steve's unsure of a lot of things, and he feels bad about a lot more, but the reality of his life is that Tony is here and in his arms, and Steve can hold on to him to steady himself and work his way from there.
They walk upstairs, Tony behind Steve, and Steve still wants to do something for Tony but already feels so vulnerable he can barely move, so all he does is turn at the top of the stairs and say, "If you need extra blankets or anything there's some in the chest downstairs. I get up at about sunrise every day, but you can get up whenever you like. I'll leave you some breakfast."
By the time Steve turns his face homeward it's well past what would have been sunset if the sun still exists out there, pitch-black and still pouring. He wants to get home as soon as possible, but of course the journey is going to take at least twice as long as normal if Steve doesn't want to risk breaking one of Star's legs or his own fool neck. At least he knows Tony will have left the fire burning, and
"Yeah," says Clint, not flippant now but not grim, either. "Man came in on the train yesterday. Alpha, I think, but I didn't get close enough to tell. He put up at Sif's."
"That's not what I meant." Steve can hear the smile in Tony's voice. "I was in a bad situation, but Ana knew what could happen when Jarvis refused to believe it. Eventually someone was going to just drag me in front of a priest with one of them, and everyone would say we were married whether or not I said I do. Didn't even matter who it was who made me, if it was Ty or Zeke or one of our fathers, wouldn't have made a difference to the outcome. At some point someone was going to get sick of me actually trying to control my own life and they'd just
Before he can figure out what to say Tony laughs harshly, turning away and beginning to pace. "It's fine, Steve."
He almost falls off the bed but catches himself at the last moment. He can't really stand, but manages to stumble to the foot of the bed. He might be awake or he might be dreaming but either way clawing his way to the chest of Tony's letters is as instinctive and automatic as breathing.
Steve settles back down, though he doesn't press his face to Tony's hip again, and just basks. Today is already a good day.
him I'd want to take it seriously. And two, it doesn't – it really doesn't matter if it was him or not. What matters is that you don't feel safe right now, so we're going to do everything we can to change that."
But he can't do either of those things so he flees into his room instead, and feels so guilty for feeling so relieved when he finally has a closed door between himself and that strange omega outside, whoever he is.
"Steve?" Tony says. When Steve hums he says, "Blanket permission. All right? I'm giving you blanket permission to touch me."
Steve kisses him full on the mouth, one quick catch of lips like he's saying goodbye and doesn't want to go, and sits back on his knees and pulls his shirt off before he can overthink it.
A pause. Tony's throat jumps as he swallows, but he doesn't move otherwise, not even his eyes. "Yes," he says.
Steve mouths down his chest firmly, not letting himself put his mouth on Tony's nipples because he's pretty sure they'd both come just from that and he does want this to be a bit better for Tony. He remembers being young and how fast he'd come, and realizes how fast they're both likely to come this time, so his goal is
It doesn't take long for him to tire this time. He starts thinking about it, and realizes how long it's been since he's run. The only reason does is when he wakes from a nightmare, and for a while now he hasn't needed to go for a run after waking and writing to Tony instead. Huh.
Tony's at the writing desk, tapping the pen against the paper and the desk and his hands and his chin, looking out the window. He's been at it for ages and hasn't written a word.
"Good night, Steve," Tony says. He smiles at Steve, this one looking a good deal more genuine if still a little wistful, and turns towards the door.
"Tony?" Steve whispers, unable to stop himself from lightly kissing the skin beneath his mouth. "Was that - Are you -" Steve stops, unable to find the words for what he wants to ask.
"Something could happen," Steve points out, trying to sound normal. "Horse could break a leg or kid could fall into the river or something. Still might need the sheriff for some reason."
You don't have to answer. I only hope that you've read this far; I think this may be the longest letter I've ever written, to you or anyone. But don't think you have to respond. You don't. You truly don't have to do anything, Tony.
, and honestly, like really honestly I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't know if I'lleverwantyouinmyroom but everything other than that I'd like to at least
think that horseback hand-stands are necessary for survival out here? What if all he knows of the west is what they write in those horrid pulp novels? What if he thinks that if he doesn't darn your socks you won't force him to, but you'll get someone else to do it instead and resent him for it?"
Mr Jarvis begins to speak when Steve reaches the stairs, but Steve just walks down them without breaking stride. Star's waiting demurely at the hitching post. Steve puts both carpet bags on the seat of the buggy and says, "If you'll wait just one moment." Then he goes around and secures the trunk to the back.
Steve wants to protest - he was in the Army so he's used to far worse, he can drag the straw tick from Tony's room in here and sleep on that, the bed is big enough for two people but it's really not big enough for two people to not touch - but Tony already knows all that. Tony's smart. If he really didn't want to share a bed with Steve he'd find a way to get what he wanted without it.
Natasha's quiet for a moment. He can feel her studying him and can't bring himself to raise his head. Then she says, firmly and over-enunciating every syllable, "You're being an idiot, Steve."
He feels weighted down again but this time it's good; feels like resting. The feel of Tony's fingers in his hair and the rhythm of his breathing are soothing. Steve doesn't sleep, but he fades in and out, and doesn't want to sleep because he doesn't want to dream but this is so much more restful.
Tony laughs again, falls back a little, and Steve rises up on his right arm enough to free his left hand. He traces the outline of Tony's smile with his fingertips, Tony playfully following, then drags his fingers down the hollow of Tony's throat, marveling at the smooth, soft skin. He flattens his palm and draws it reverently down Tony's chest, enthralled by Tony's muscles twitching beneath him, nearly undone by the way Tony gasps and hides his face but flinches forward when Steve presses the heel of his hand against Tony's nipple.
"All right, come on," Tony says, taking both towels and dropping them into the tub. As Steve steps out of the tub and onto the wonderfully dry floor Tony flings a warm blanket over his shoulders and leads him over to the fire. Steve half-sits and half-falls into the pillows and blankets spread before it and folds his legs in front of himself, fidgeting and tugging blankets and pillows to get comfortable. Tony fetches a pitcher of water, and Steve had honestly thought he'd never want to see water again, but at the sight of it he realizes he is
Even as Steve thinks this Tony spreads his knees a bit, and his knees knock on Steve's hips, his thighs not yet bracketing Steve but open enough that they could be. Steve isn't leaning his weight on Tony but all the same his clothed cock brushes against Tony at the same time that something very hard and very hot bumps Steve's stomach, and Steve's hips reflixively jerk sharply forward.
"Yeah, sure," Tony says, smiling and closing his eyes. "In that case I'm going to have to ask you to please kiss me."
But Steve can fix it now. He knows what to do. The answer's so obvious he feels a fool for not thinking of it sooner, but he's so elated he doesn't even mind.
want to hurt him but realizes that he accidentally might, so he lets go and then the letters are gone, too.
No. Absolutely not. What if Steve has another nightmare? It's bad enough he has them at all, but if he's anywhere other than right beside Tony and Tony can't comfort him - that is not acceptable. "You don't have to do that."
"Of course," Steve says. "You can do anything you want. But it's not – I don't think it'll be very comfortable."
Steve doesn't really believe him, but he looks closer and sees that Tony's smiling, now, soft and sad and hopeful all at once. Or maybe Steve just can't see well through the darkness.
At last Steve can't take it anymore, and the moment it's plausible he says, "Well. Guess I'll turn in, then."
"I thought -" Tony says, and tangled tight together as they are Steve can feel it when his heartbeakt kicks up, his body tensing, his breath speeding. "They told me - They told me -"
"No, Steve," Tony says, and he still looks like he's going to cry but his voice is hard. "Say what you were going to say."
help; Steve just wants to touch him. He resists again when they walk down the steps off the porch, and yet again hen they climb into the buggy (Mr Jarvis in the middle, as yesterday), but when they get to the chapel Tony's still sitting in the buggy and Mr Jarvis is waiting at the foot of the chapel steps by the time Steve ties Star to the hitching-post, so Steve takes that as tacit agreement that he's allowed to offer his hand this time.
"We don't have to go in your room," Steve says, grasping desperately for a way to say that they don't have to have sex without actually saying the words. "We can just. We can go anywhere. Or we can not go anywhere! I mean, um."
They sit in silence until the stars come out. Steve tries desperately not to stare too boldly at Tony's face. He's so beautiful.
So Tony slides his hands down Steve's arms and then back up again, over he shoulders and collarbones and down his chest. He touches every bit of skin he can reach without putting his hands down Steve's drawers, fingers gliding and palms sliding and hands rubbing and plucking and pressing like he's testing the give of Steve's body, all the time staring wide-eyed.
. Seriously, he's like twice as big as I am. He lifted my entire trunk with one arm. He could probably break me in half. He probably
We do have things to fall back on. Googling your local hotline is a good place to start. So is Why Does He Do That? by Lundy Bancroft.
They've had sex. Tony's reached out to him multiple times. Tony's kissed him. Tony appears to love him -
So offer it he does; he goes to the far side of the buggy and finds Tony watching him, leaning forward like he's waiting. Once again caught in the intensity of tony's eyes Steve holds up his hand, and the moment Tony's warm fingers close over Steve's own it's like everything in the world spins down to naught but Tony's eyes and that one point of contact. It seems to take a century for Tony to make the journey from the buggy to the ground, but even so Steve ends up just standing there with Tony's hand cradled in his own, no doubt gawping down at him like a fish.
right now. They walk upstairs - Steve first and Tony following - and Steve pauses before going into his room.
"Because I care about you," Steve says. "Because – Because seeing you happy will make me happy, too."
. I had a hatbox, just a tiny one, that I managed to keep secret from the time I was four till I was nearly seventeen. I knew every
Tony crawls into his lap and pulls Steve's arms around himself, wrapping his own arms around Steve's shoulders and tucking Steve's face into his neck, his legs on Steve's legs and chest against Steve's chest and his weight anchoring Steve here, and Steve tries not to hold him too tight but oh gods Tony's so warm and here here here and Steve just clings and cries and tries not to crush him.
The train won't come in for a few hours yet, so Steve and Tony decide to camp out and wait. They sit in a corner, and most of Steve's friends come over to talk at one point or another so it's not boring.
"Oh, I realize," Steve says, passing a piece of toast with two pieces of cheese over to Tony. "I'm not sure you realize how good it feels."
I'm still confused about what you want from me. I know you wrote me that wonderful letter, and believe me when I say I know every word of it (I might read it every night), but I'm still unsure. And I don't care anymore what exactly it is you want from me because I'm afraid - I'm not afraid of you anymore, Steve. I know that whatever it is you want isn't more than I can give. But I need to know what you want because I want to give it to you.
Steve kisses him some more, and then some more, and some more after that, and after a minute Tony huffs a laugh against his mouth. "Come
- from how quickly they can eat an apple to how fast they can run from one edge of the yard to the other to how high they can climb the huge, spreading oak behind the house and to few other things that Steve can't keep track of.
he rich before he married Steve? No one has clothes of the quality or quantity that Tony does who doesn't have money. So why would Tony be used to sleeping somewhere worse than a wooden floor?
She puts both her hands on his shoulders and holds him firmly, looking him full in the face, and says: "
like something. We can do whatever you want, all right? We can do something different or slow down or stop altogether or never do or even speak of this again -"
to," Tony says, then snaps his mouth shut and ducks his head, clearly embarrassed at blurting that out.
Steve holds her eye for a moment, then drops his eyes and mutters into his drink, "I still think I'd sound foolish."
As they dance they get closer and closer - Tony moves closer and closer - until their clasped hands are tucked against their bodies and Tony's head is lying on Steve's shoulder, his face turned to Steve's throat. Steve rests his cheek against Tony's hair and closes his eyes.
"Of course," Steve says. "Tony. You were surrounded by people who didn't even think of you as a person and who acted like they completely controlled you. And not only did you not believe them, you also kept yourself safe for a long time and got away from all of them, despite knowing what might have happened if they caught you. Not only that, but you went to the other side of the country, where you don't know anyone, and the next day you married yet another alpha very nearly sight unseen. So yes, Tony, I think you're very brave."
They pull up in front of the house, and Steve immediately jumps down to tie Star to the hitching-post. Usually she's his number one priority, and getting her fed and watered and comfortable
It takes a long, long time, but at last Steve can open his eyes. For a little while he's not sure he managed, because it's so dark he can't tell if his eyes are still shut and just feel like they're open.
"I am Mister Jarvis," the man says and holds out his hand. The way he does it, and the way he grips Steve's hand and shakes, is awkward and nearly forced, but Steve doesn't have time to consider that because the next thing the man says is: "I'm Anthony's chaperone. He's waiting with our bags. If you'll please follow me, Mister Rogers."
me. And like I said, I didn't have anything to fall back on, not really. Couldn't run away with nowhere to go, couldn't get help with no one to turn to, couldn't get access to any tools or anything, couldn't even physically defend myself. And the more I tried to explain myself and act like I was a person the more they'd say I was hysterical and getting strange ideas and needed a nice alpha to calm me down."
"Hey," Tony says quietly, kissing his hair. Steve tries to say something but it comes out as a questioning hum. "I'm going to use the outhouse. I'll be right back." Steve hums again.
Mr Jarvis and Mrs Ana are safe and Tony's so relieved he's overwhelmed and is reaching out to Steve like it's nothing and Steve's life is perfect.
"It's not something you should have to help with!" Tony throws his hands in the air. "I said I'm just being silly! There is no reason at all to indulge me being hysterical, all right?"
And yes, there was a lot of detail in their letters. Steve knows some of Tony's favorite musical pieces so well it's as though Steve's been to the concerts himself. Tony could probably pick out Steve's favorite art supplies without thinking twice, Steve spent that long rambling on about the differences between this and that sort of paper or charcoal. But details about how much space Tony would have for his clothes, or whether Tony prefers cow's or goat's milk, or laundry? Not a single thing.
Mr Rogers, thank you for your letter. I appreciate you taking the time to write all of this out for me. It will be helpful, and I will begin trying to learn how to do my part immediately. You wanted a partner, Steve, and that's what I can be.
A quarter hour later he makes his way back to the house. The run and the swim did what he wanted and cleared his head, but it's not till he's about to round the barn that he realizes he cleared his head a little
Tony stares at Steve for a long, long time. Steve can't bring himself to look away. He wants this, he wants Tony, more than he ever thought possible, more than he'll ever be able to say, but just to take, just to keep him here, that's not what Steve wants. Steve wants
He's overwhelmed, nearly drunk on Tony, and though the thought can't rise high enough in his head to be clear, Steve thinks in a wordless flutter of Tony's fears, and how even more than making him feel good Steve wants to show him that feeling good can be
Less than a quarter hour before the train is scheduled to arrive a man Steve's never seen comes down the stairs, goes to the counter and pays his bill, then walks out the door. There's no way he saw them; not only are they tucked into a corner, but he didn't even look around.
Eventually Tony's soft cries fade into gulping breaths and he relaxes by incriments, his body starting to go pliant before he jerks and tenses again, aftershocks rolling through him and hopefully helped along by the way Steve lets Tony's cock slide from his mouth so he can lick at it and suck gently on his balls. Steve doesn't even realize his hands have been grasping at Tony this whole time, running over his chest and stomach and arms and neck, until Tony unwinds shaky hands from Steve's hair and clutches one of Steve's hands in his own. Steve squeezes his hand and holds on.
Unlike always, as soon as they both climb in to bed they fall into each other, Steve pulling Tony into his arms and Tony pressing close, Steve's head on the pillow as Tony sprawls over his chest and kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him.
is spotless; Steve's been a nervous wreck ever since Tony said yes, and for the last few days he's been cleaning like a madman, just for something to do with his hands, just because he'd wanted everything to be absolutely perfect for Tony.
I wish you'd tell me what happened to you. You've told me some and the gods only know I don't like any of it, but I wish I knew all of it. I know you don't want me and I don't care about that. This is what I was talking about in my last letter, Steve. How can I see you cry and think of kissing you? What's wrong with me for wanting you to keep me in your arms when the only reason you're holding me in the first place is because you're afraid? I'll do better, Steve, I promise I will.
Wordlessly, Tony holds out another sheet of paper. It's his good stationary, covered in his handwriting. There's no salutation, and it reads more like a diary entry than a letter. Halfway through Steve's close to losing control of himself again, overwhelmed by a feeling he's too muddled to name, and he doesn't even finish it before looking up at Tony and saying, "Why didn't you say anything? This whole time you wanted a sketchbook of your own? Tony, why -"
One second of thought and Steve says, "If you want to go to your room I'll bring you some supper later?"
Getting settled in the bed is even more awkward than it was the very first time, but at last they're both lying under the covers with their heads on their own pillows.
Before Steve even wakes he knows he's wrapped around Tony and that he really, really needs to get away without waking Tony up –
It's funny: yesterday, when he was so sure sex would be painful and terrifying, he was calm and even eager - yet today, when they've already
The ride to the house is quiet. Steve had wondered if it would be like this, or if he'd be pointing things out to Tony and telling him all about the people and the places they're passing. Fortunately they only pass one other person on the road; unfortunately that person is Clint. Steve tenses the moment he sees him heading towards them.
"But I'm being silly," Tony insists, "Steve, seriously, I'll get over it, I just need a little time to calm down and get better –" "Sure," Steve says, "if that's what you want. And knowing you're safe will go a long way towards making you feel better, and I can help with that."
He puts the glasses down but immediately goes back to the counter, saying something to Sif about needing food, too, and Steve ducks his head and says quietly, "What do you want to do? Do you want to go?"
It takes the train about a hundred times longer than usual to roll to a stop. A year or so passes before the doors finally open. Steve stays leaning against the wall – ostensibly because he doesn't want to go rushing into the crowd and risk missing him, but really, well. No matter how many times he discreetly unclenches his fingers and wipes his hands on the sides of his shirt, his palms are still slick.
of that box; every single minuscule little scratch. I made the inside new, remade the lining using scraps of clothes I liked and grew out of; covered it with pictures from magazines and books my parents threw away for whatever reason. I kept so many things in there that I was so attached to. Ana used to call them my precious things. I guess they were.
"I want to make you feel good," Steve says, honest and oddly shy, and Tony makes a high-pitched noise and laughs at the same time.
Usually Steve is able to make himself concentrate on the present. Tony's here now, no one is hurting him, no one is controlling him, Steve is trying his hardest to give Tony happiness, and even if Steve messes up or Tony just doesn't want to stay with him there are still at least a dozen people who'd do anything for him. But for one moment, as Tony fists his hands in Steve's hair and brings their mouths together again, everything else in Steve's head is swept aside by the image of Tony in the midst of people who wanted to hurt him, with only Jarvis and Ana trapped on the sidelines to tell him it shouldn't be happening while his own parents - while not one but two men who wanted to
Steve's waiting on the platform beneath the shade of the station roof, leaning back with his arms crossed and one boot pressed against the wall behind him. He's got his hat pulled low over his eyes and his hands clenched to fists, trying not to show how terrible nervous he is.
, Steve? If I change one thing in the house, will I gradually be responsible for the upkeep of more and more of it, until I'm working on the house day and night? Do I get to change things however I want so that he can say that my choices were wrong? Laugh at me for being foolish, or say that clearly I can't do anything right so he's just going to have to make every single decision himself?
As soon as he hears Tony's bedroom door close Steve strides to the front door and flings it open. Sam's standing there, hand raised like he was about to knock again.
Steve looks at him for a moment, like he's waiting for Tony to say something else, and then he continues folding his clothes. "All right, Tony. Anything you want. I said we never have to have sex again if you don't want to, and I meant it."
The musicians strike up a jaunty tune and everyone except Steve is immediately in the middle of the floor, dancing, and then Tony flops down beside him.
"All right, all right," Steve says, not really knowing what he means, just wanting to get his mouth on every bit of Tony and losing all finesse while he tries to do just that. He kisses along Tony's cheek, his jaw, his neck, turns and follows the soft skin from the inside of Tony's elbow down his arm and collarbone and to the hollow of his throat. The whole time Steve's saying, "Please, please, please," and Tony's saying, "Yes, yes, yes -"
He waits a full five minutes but there's no reply, and he wonders at what point he should start worrying that Tony died in there or something. But then he remembers the missing food, so he goes to bed dejected and hopeful for the morning.
"What?" Steve says, then sighs. "What's the worst that's going to happen? Look, we'll have one night locked down tight, and I'll bed down in front of the fire and keep watch, and you can sleep snug and cozy in your room, and it'll be fine. Then tomorrow we can go into town – or you can stay here, but honestly I don't want to be away from you right now – and we'll ask around about any non-locals who've been here lately. It'll be all right, Tony."
Steve's face darkened, he clenched his fist. All he could see was red, he was fuming with rage. Tony belonged to him and no one else.
Rhodey and Pepper chuckled slightly, it was their first seeing Tony blushing because of someone, let alone a man or to be more precise, Steve.
He saw a familiar figure slowly swimming toward him. He couldn’t see the figure properly, but he knew this scent. It was definitely Tony's. As the figure came closer, he knew for sure it was Tony.
Amy smile grew bigger. "Everything is going so smoothly and it's all thanks to you, Tony." She replied. "The children are doing great, both in health and education."
"Soulmate is like your other half, who makes you feel completed and knows you more then anyone else. It's like they were born just to be with you forever. They will always love you no matter what. " Tony tried explaining in the most simplest way he could.
Rhodey ruffled Tony’s hair. “Just don’t keep things to yourself, there are lot of people in your life who cares about you, Tony." He felt the need to that say to Tony.
His heart nearly jumped out of his chest, when he realized who the voice belonged to. Steve peaked inside and saw the man he was crazy in love with-Tony Stark.
Tony jumped out of his chair and interrupted Nick. "No! You can't be serious. I don't need a babysitter, I've never signed out for this shit." Tony growled in anger and stormed out of the room. "I'm outta here."
"No problem, kido." Tony replied with sweet smile "and of course, I'll go with you, there's no way I could ever say No to coffee. I'm free now."
Ever since then he waited for years, hoping that one day someone would storm into his life and change everything.
After a few minutes, Pepper slowly broke apart from the hug, but, her hands still remained in his shoulders. "Tony, you're one of the few people's I have in my life and I can't bear to lose you. I just can't Tony, you are far more important to me." She said.
Bucky knew that face really well, like who wouldn't? He was Tony fucking Stark, everyone knew him. It was his first time meeting Tony in person.
"It's fine, Rogers." He wrapped his suit around my hand "take this, the bandage is already covered in blood. Rogers u need to get this stitched asap"
Steve knew that it was because of the fact that he was a prince that his two best friends died. He hated it. It was his god damned fault. They both died protecting the prince. How Steve wished he could turn back time and protect them instead, then maybe they'd by his side right now.
That's all there's to it, Tony didn't kiss Bucky. No! He did not kiss him. But, for some reason, it pained Steve that Bucky was the first to feel Tony's lips against his. When it should've been him and him alone.
"You actually do! You have man crush on me." Tony gasped in surprise, earlier he was just teasing Steve, but didn't realize it was the truth. "Fuck! I didn't realize I'd have someone as hot as you as my fan."
Tony, took a quick shower and refreshed himself. He wore sliky bathroom wrobe and headed to the lounge, where Pepper and Rhodey were waiting for him.
Steve slightly shook Tony's shoulders, trying to get his attention on him and to make Tony look at him. "Tony, please I beg you say something." He pleaded desperately in hope to find the answers.
"Dad, I already told you, I don't know him. Why are you inviting a stranger?" Tony asked in a cold tone.
"I'm scared that you'll forget about me, Steve. You're the only friend I've got and I don't want to lose you." Tony admitted with a frown, he slightly averted his eyes away from Steve's.
"Quickly get rid of those soaking wet clothes and take a shower. If you were to catch a cold, I feel like that would be on me." He turned his body and walked out of the bathroom into the bedroom.
Now Steve was yet again left alone in this world, cold and broken. Steve punched the wall hard, drawing out blood from his hand.
"Ahh! You feel so good inside, Boo." Steve moved his hips back and forth, his balls smashing against Tony's ass with every thrust.
Not once Steve took his eyes off the man. For some weird reasons, he's throat felt awfully dry. He gulped repeatedly and licked his bottom lips.
"Why you little-" Steve yelled, while immediately standing up. Just when he was about to run after Bucky, he stopped himself. Steve was way too tired to chase after Bucky. So just this once, he'll let him off.
The private paramedic arrived less then a minute and put Tony on the skechers, then carried him to the helicopter. Not wasting any seconds and took him to the nearest hospital.
Rhodey sighed. "It does, if you were to look at it from another directions. So, Tony. Let me ask you something." He asked.
The man's eyes were shaking, however not in fear though, just anger. "Don't tell me you're with those fucking bastards?" He groaned in frustration.
Tony glared at him for a few seconds. "Shit, I didn't expect you to be here, out of all places." Tony said. "Yeah, don't worry about it, anyway How's your hand?" Tony asked.
Suddenly, Steve felt a sharp pain in his eyes, tears were dripping down his cheeks. His eyes were shifting to red, his iris were now blood red.
Tony was already gasping, his inside felt like it was being teared open. "Ah! Keep going, don't stop." He moaned, as Steve thrust into him deeper and deeper. The agony and pleasure was taking over Tony.
After five long years, Steve arrived to his family mansion. He had always spoken to his parents over the phone, since then.
After a long minutes of embrace, Tony broke from the hug. "I thought you won't be here for another week?" Tony asked.
He immediately shot his eyes opened, this time he succeeded in doing it. He was welcomed by a bright light. He forced his body to sit up on the bed.
"By the way, you still haven't told me you're name - Ah wait! I still haven't told you mine, I'm Antonio and yes, I'm half Italian." Antonio said and smiled at him.
Tony had a great idea, he could get the kid a get well soon card with some flowers or even a toy. "That'll help him to cheer up." Tony mumbled to himself.
Everthing clicked, Steve knew that song, all of a sudden his memories rushed out to him. He felt like he was in a portal full of his lost memories. He remembered everything. Steve recalled every missing pieces of his childhood memories.
"Don't you dare to let go of me." Tony warned him, he grunted in pain and tried his best to pull Steve up.
That's the least he could do, to make up for the loss of time, which he could've had with Tony, his Tony.
After a 5 minutes of the ride with Tony, they've made to their destination; the café at last. Steve sighed in relief, his was beating nonstop that he thought his heart was going escape from his chest, during the whole ride. Well, you can't blame Steve for his heart, after all Tony was leaning against back. So, obviously it would excite his poor heart in joy.
Tony looked up, his eyes grew bigger. He hadn't expected to meet Steve. Well, to be honest Tony didn't think they'd see each other again. But, who knew the world was so small? Here they were standing in front each other, once again.
Steve walked to Tony's room, gently placed him on the bed and tucked him inside. He made sure that Tony was comfortable.
When Steve had turned fifteen, puberty hit him like a bus. His health improved a lot and his body transformed. He was 6'2". His voice deepened, as it sounded well-modulated.
"Ah Nickie, did you miss me? What can I say, I'm a very busy man." Tony hugged Nick Fury. How did Tony knew Steve's boss? And why were they so familiar with each other?
Steve's lips curved into a smile, he had dance tecahers in the past, but due to lack of communication and confidence, Steve couldn't learn anything.
Bucky observed Steve's face, something was seriously off. "Steve, why's your face so pale? Please tell me you're not having another panic attack. I wouldn't have the slightest clue how to help. So anything but."
Tony slowly got up, hoping he hadn't woken up the man. His lower part was aching in pain, his ass was completely sore. He had to admit the sex was great. Although he was kinda nervous since it was his first time with a man.
"What the fuck!" Bucky cursed. "Why would Steve- Oh My God! Nat he actually did" Bucky said, as he carefully observed Steve.
Two weeks flew by just like that. Steve learnt many things about Tony. First of all, Tony was incredibly talented and was literally good at everything. Even singing, Steve still remembers the moment he heard Tony singing, it gave him goose bumps. Tony’s voice was beyond beautiful. He couldn’t wait for the day when Tony would finish writing that song.
Thankfully, after a few seconds, Steve was able to breathe again. He shot his eyes open. The first thing he saw a long eyelashes. The guy had his lips against his and was still breathing for him.
"Please, help me!" The man pleaded desperately, gripping into Steve's shirt and burying his head into Steve's shoulder. It was almost as if he was trying to hide himself from something.
But, seriously when were they gonna ask each other out? The least Tony could do is push them, after all they're just a couple of idiots in love. Tony had to play his part as a cupid.
Everything was going according to plan. Well, until he saw someone at the corner of his eyes; a couple making out.
"I'm afraid, Prince Steven has received a deep shock and is now suffering from amnesia." He informed them the devastating news.
Tony held his other hand, his grip was tight yet gentle. "We'll go through the back. J.A.R.V.I.S tell Happy to drive to the back immediately"
"That I do and yes I've met him once. The man is stunningly gorgeous." Steve replied with a smile, but then it slowly turned into a frown. "You have no idea how wrong I was about him."
He stood in front of the windows and stared outside. The city night view was simply beautiful. His mind drifted off to the man.
Bucky gave him a blank stare. "I should be the one asking you that. So, tell me why have you been acting weird since you came back, you punk." Bucky walked to the bed and sat down.
Steve tightened the grip on his wrist even more. He was so close to losing his temper. This time he gripped Tony by the neck and smashed their lips together. He slipped his tongue inside Tony's warm mouth and playfully explored every inch of it. He sucked his tongue aggressively and constantly licked Tony's bottom lips again and again.
Tony gasped for air, he was panting heavily. The crew members threw a lifeguard ring at Tony, he quickly then put it on Bucky. "I promise, I won't let anything happen to you, Bucky. Just don't close your eyes, please stay with me little longer. Help is on their way." Tony pleaded, he panted even more; his body was exhausted.
Tony gently cupped her face and made her face him properly. "Pepper! Look at me, I'm fine. I promise you, I'm not hurt, that's not my blood, I swear. In the party, a guy name Steve got a deep cut in his hand and I helped him, he's blood dripped on my shirt, that’s all." He explained to her. He just hoped that Pepper Understood him. Tony hated seeing Pepper in this state, he hated when she had to suffer because of him.
Tony looked at Steve then to Sarah. "No wonder, Steve looked so familiar. He resembles you in every way. You look younger enough to be his sister more then a mom."
Maybe by asking questions would help to enlight the mood- okay fine, he wanted to know more about Steve. So, what! It's not like it meant anything. You can't blame Tony for being curious. Steve Rogers was too fucking hot. No doubt he's already taken.
A sudden voice spoke, Steve knew that voice. Anyone could recognize that voice. He looked up and saw those familiar pair of brown eyes. His heart began to pound faster, which seemed to be a habit of Steve's. Even now, Steve wasn't used to it. It was as if he's heart was only beating because of Tony, which was metaphorically and literally true.
Steve looked at him with a straight face. "What do you mean?" He stared at him with confusion. Steve was sure that he was acting perfectly normal. There's no way in hell, he'd be able to tell Bucky about the incident earlier.
"Who-" just before Tony could ask him, he was cut off. Steve cupped his face and pressed his lips against his. Steve licked Tony's bottom lips. Steve could taste the bitter taste of the alcohol on Tony's lips. He then slowly parted his lips.
Who'd thought he had broken into one of Tony Stark's house. The CEO of Stark Industries, Tony fucking Stark. The man he'd only seen in the media. But, Steve had never seen the man up close. Tony Stark was simply breath taking. He cursed the reporters for not capturing Tony's beauty properly. His only regrets was not seeing Tony face to face years before, he had to admit the man was million times hotter in real life.
Even Bucky, knew that wasn't what Tony had said, there was no way Bucky would've buy that load of crap. But, he simply just nodded. Okay, now he was so damn curious.
For some reason, the thought of accidentally hurting the man terrified him the most. He wouldn't be able to forgive himself if anything were to happen to the smaller man because of him.
Tony choked on air, he stood up, slamming his hands on the table. "What! Are you for real- oh wait!" Tony shouted without realizing. Everyone in the café looked at him. Tony noticed how everyone's eyes were on him, but he didn't care.
Steve hated seeing his mom feeling guilty, it wasn't her fault. She was the best mom, Steve could ever asked for. He was lucky to have her. But, Steve felt a burdened to his mom, he had to be strong for his mom. That way in the future, he could help his mom with everything.
"Good evening, Tony's man? You can't blame me, for thinking that, after all you guys look like a couple." Howard stated with a smirk.
Tony immediately took the helmet off and shoved it to Steve. "I swear down, if you start an argument for this fucking helmet, I'm seriously going to lose it and sue your ass for wasting my precious time. Is that understood, young man." Tony stated out, with a clear annoyance to his tone.
"J.A.R.V.I.S what time is it?" He asked while slowly lifting his head off the pillow. But the AI didn't reply. It was as if Tony was talking to himself.
After a couple of seconds he stood up, gently patting his cheeks. "C'mon Tony Stark, you better man up!" He encouraged himself. Tony took a deep breath and tried controlling his emotions.
Tony had the same expression on his face as last time. His eyes were full of worry. "It's alright, take a deep breath." Tony instructed him.
Bucky was overwhelmed with felicity. "I love her." As those words passed through his parted lips. Bucky couldn't even believe that those words had came out of his own mouth.
Tony gave his hand to Steve. "Of course." He stepped closer to Steve, he gently held the back of Steve hand and placed it on his waist. Whilst the other hand on his shoulder. Tony then wrapped his arms around Steve's neck.
Tony hated avoiding Steve, but he can't help it. Maybe this was the only way for Steve to give up on him or even hate him. He knew this was going hurt Steve, as well as him. After all they say 'time will heal everything'.
Steve didn't care about sex, or maybe it was 'cause he couldn't find the right person. Plus, one-night stand wasn't for Steve, he hate the thought of that. He wanted to do it with person he loved and treasure them. Call it old fashion or whatever, Steve couldn't care less.
Tony noticed Sarah, he walked closer to the door to greet her. "Hey there, Sarah- wait a moment! So Steve is your son." Tony asked in disbelief. "That explains so much, mother like son." Tony muttered to himself.
Steve was madly in love with Tony. Tony was the best thing that ever happened to him. He felt lucky, having to spend his evening with Tony.
"Ah yes, Thank you Happy" Tony said. He opened the car door and got out. He shut the door. "Drive home safely, Happy. Good night"
"Solitary Is My Sanctuary" a child's voice spoke. Steve couldn't help but think how familiar the child's voice sounded. Had he met this child before? If so, why can't he remember anything.
"Of course, no problemo. Anyway, I'll see you see you soon, take care, Sarah and thank you for everything." Tony smiled and walked out of the room.
"Do you have an camera? That way we can record it and later you can use to it practice and the see improvements."
"No matter what happens, don't stop recording. It'll be funnier to watch it later." Tony instructed, the butler responded with a nod.
Wait, having to want Tony; means that I also like men? No! I don't give a fuck about that. The only man I like in that way, is Tony and soley him.
A single tear ran down his cheeks. "I love you so much, Pepper!" His voice was shaking. "I hope that you don't ever have to experience what you had to go through with me" Tony prayed, as he shut his eyes closed.
A new side of him must've gotten out from in the ice because right now all he craved was fucking this man hard into the mattress until sunrise. He wanted this man to be his first.
So what if Steve's the mafia boss, it's not like they're gang are are involved in anything that's illegal. They're gang are like a family, always helping out people.
His thoughts drifted back to Tony, when Steve heard a muffled voice that sounded way too familiar. He suddenly felt those familiar soft pair of lips against his own.
A voice interrupted them. "Tony said that because he really cares about you, Steven." Steve's mother Sarah Rogers, the queen reassured him.
"Thank you." Steve took off the gift wraps and opened his present. These were the limited audition of Iron Man and Captain America. Steve wanted these so much, but he just couldn't get his hands on them no matter what. Steve's face lit up, his mouth curved into a bright smile. "How did you know I loved them?"
When all of a sudden, Tony felt a hand on his wrist that pulled into a darker room. He was pushed against the wall.
However, when he entered this hospital he felt completely the opposite, he felt a warm sensation. He felt safe.
Peter was right all along, his doubts were cleared. Now he knew for sure that Steve was indeed in love with Tony Stark. Peter was on cloud 9. He had always admired Tony Stark since little. The man was a pure genius, he was Peter's role model.
He was tall and blond, a perfect boyfriend material, the girls in school went crazy for him. But, Steve was single, he didn't care about dating nor did he want to date anyone. Steve believed in true love, he wanted someone who'd love him for eternity and someone who completed him. Talk about old fashion, for Steve it was worth the wait.
"No, it can't be. Steven was fine just a moment ago. Doctor, you've got it wrong."  Queen Sarah was in denial, the truth was too overwhelming for her.
Steve looked inside the bag and got out two toys. He gasped, how did the young guy knew that I loved these two superheroes the most? "Ma, look. He bought me my favourite superheroes, Iron Man and Captain America." He showed her the toys in full of excitement. His eyes were sparkling.
Steve's smile grew bigger. He was happy that Tony was sharing his interests with him. "Hmm! Is that so, what's his name?"
Bucky gulped, women sure were terrifying sometimes. He didn't ask anymore questions 'cause he had a bad feeling about it or it was probably cause Natasha was glaring at him; secretly warning him about the consequences, if he were to open his mouth again about her.
Steve's beautiful night abruptly changed; the mood had suddenly darkened, as if obeying the laws of pathetic fallacy.
Tony sighed, "I get that you don't want to spend time with me, but at least drop me off." Tony implied with a frown.
After a few minutes, the man slowly tried moving his body away from Steve, but he didn't move his arms around the man's waist. Instead, of letting go, Steve secured his grip and pulled the man closer.
Steve couldn't help but notice how their body perfectly fitted together. It was almost as if he was made just for him. Steve knew he was smiling.
Steve was welcomed by a gentle breeze with a chilling sensation. As he'd leaned against his red Ferrari, he placed a shisha pen in his mouth. He took a deep drag and exhaled the smoke into the air.
This whole time Tony hasn't stopped speaking to him softly. "It's all right," he's whispering, "it's all right, it was just a dream, none of it was real, it's all right -"
"I'm serious," Steve says. "Couldn't help myself. You're so - That was the most amazing thing I've ever seen, Tony, I swear I've never felt anything like that before. That just - Getting to do that with you, and seeing you, and hearing you, and tasting - I couldn't help it."
After he eats the next morning he taps on Tony's door again. "Tony?" he calls gently. "I'll be leaving for town in about an hour if you want to come." Still no reply.
Scribbled in the margins, in big spikey letters written in different ink, it says, Why'd you have to go and be handsome, Steve?
Tony searches Steve's face. After a moment, voice filled with trepidation, he says, "All right, Steve."
Finally, when night has truly fallen and Steve's worried that at any moment Tony will get up and go inside and he'll lose his chance to say anything to him while they're alone, Steve says, "Tony," very softly, and then stops.
Tony stares at him intently. Steve had meant to lift any worries he might be carrying, but from the look of him Steve trebled his burdens instead.
Damn it. He'll just sleep on the floor outside Tony's door. Tony will feel guilty if he knows about it, though, so Steve'll go to his own room first and change out of his clothes, grab a pillow and maybe a blanket, and come back out after Tony's already settled.
He looks at the clock again. It'll start getting light in about an hour, likely. That ought to be long enough.
Now Steve's at the table working his way through the mending. It's easy enough but still taking longer than usual; Steve's been neglecting it lately and the number of things to mend is greater than normal.
He wants to keep this. That's what it is. He realizes it when he's frozen, staring at the bed and clutching his arms around himself, listening to the soft sounds of Steve undressing behind him. If it turns out that this morning was a one-off, if it turns out that Steve doesn't try so hard to make him feel good anymore or if Steve wants to fuck him and it turns out there really is no way to keep that from hurting or any of the hundred other things that could go wrong -
By the time Tony's done drying his hair the toast is the perfect color, and before Steve can even reach for it Tony plucks all three pieces off the toasting rods and drops them on a plate that's already got sliced cheese on it, which he then hands to Steve.
So now Tony wants to not have sex, to be with Steve if he has a nightmare, to stay away from Steve when Steve's aroused, to allow Steve to find release, to not be used or touched or looked at when Steve comes, and to actually
"You want to?" Steve asks. He doesn't want to give Tony the opportunity to leave. He doesn't want Tony to feel the least bit forced to make this decision. He can't really change a lot of it, but he can make damn sure none of the pressure comes from him.
It feels like hours later, but at last Steve manages to convince everyone that Tony's still tired from his journey and that Steve will introduce him around in a few days. Truly he's not sure how Tony would handle being introduced to so many people at once, all for the fact that Steve's written to him about each of them many times. After another round of hugs and kissed cheeks they reluctantly disperse, but Steve feels them all watching the rest of the time they're in town.
This happened five or six times before I finally learned to just stop having friends over. The only two people who kept talking to me were Rhodey and Nebula. Neither of them believed him. At least, neither of them believed that the things he said were as
Night before last I re-read all of your letters, Tony. I know it sounds foolish but I miss you. I miss writing to you, and I miss getting your letters. I've been at loose ends for the past few days, because I keep wanting to write to you about this huge, amazing thing that happened to me, except then I remember that I don't got to write to tell you about it because you were there. You were
The next is on the cheap paper, and Steve's written enough letters in near-darkness with shaking hands to recognize the changes in Tony's writing when he sees them:
"You're not listening," she says. "What if he got information from someone who didn't know what they were talking about, so he
to feel good. And I'm glad that if you decide you don't want to do this with me again, you'll still be able to, to feel good without me."
Steve, you still haven't told me what I'm to do about laundry. I'm running out of clean clothes, you know. I don't know if it would be worse to ask you or to wait until you notice the smell.
"And if I never learn?" Tony says quietly. "If nothing I cook is ever edible, and I never want to do anything but laze about in the shade all day and let you do all the work?"
It's more than just - well, everything else. More than being something amazing instead of terrible. It's that I get to be close to you - we get to be so close to each other - and it can be equally good for both of us. Neither of us has to be hurt, neither of us has to feel guilty, neither of us has to be left wanting, we can just - we can just be together, and Steve, I want so badly to be close to you.
Steve mentally shakes himself out of it, and looks at the luggage Tony's standing beside. There's not much, just two carpet bags and one good–sized trunk.
with it. He speaks with everyone, drawing smiles and laughter out of even the most reserved. People call out to him and he shouts back from across the clearing; he draws the eye of every person at once by acting out some ridiculous story that would make anyone else look foolish but that he makes look charming; he gets in playful but loud arguments with Sam, Jane, and Bruce about everything from (as far as Steve can tell) metallurgy to astronomy to whether or not it's possible to make a train that flies. If Steve thought they were all half in love with him before, well. Well.
For a while they stay that way, warm and drowsy and content, shifting every now and then to get a bit more comfortable, a bit more close to each other.
Steve lets out a shuddering breath, body hot and flushed like he's run a mile, so eager to make every inch of Tony's skin feel shivery and good that he almost can't contain himself. "Gonna make you feel so good," Steve promises. "God,
The biggest problem is that the bridge just outside town washed out. Sam, being the blacksmith, has been there since before what would have been sunup if the sun could be seen. Now he's got everything ready, and the five of them work together to get the makeshift bridge in place. Frigga's with them, helping as she can, and Steve knows she'll be the first one over the bridge once it's up, racing off to the few homes that can't be got to without crossing the river with her doctor's bag to help anyone who's been hurt.
(And even in the midst of a tense situation, even coming up against another way Tony was so wronged by the people who were supposed to care about him and on the receiving end of Tony's distrust, Steve can't help but think 'adorable,' and marvel at how expressive Tony is, and love him all the more.)
After a moment Steve can't help it and he says, "Tony? I don't – I don't ever want to be like them, or to treat you like they did. I'll never do it on purpose, but if I do it accidentally, please tell someone. It doesn't have to be me, but tell
Steve follows instinctively as Tony pulls him - not even in a circle, but a continuous half-step to the side so that they're gently spinning in place. Even just doing that Steve keeps looking at his feet, genuinely worried that if he steps on Tony's toes he might break them.
I'll take care of you. Any way you want to fill your time is fine. If you want to order a lot of books or art supplies or sheet music or anything then so long as we have the money for it, it's yours.
It rained yesterday, too – normal rain, though, the sort people think of when they say 'rain' – and then the heavy rains started last night, and it's been a downpour that hasn't let up ever since. The river swole up and though Steve and Tony's house is perfectly safe (the river passes below the house and down a steep incline, so even when it floods it doesn't get much closer to them) not everyone else is. Clint's sheriff this year but there's far too much to do for just one person, so Steve's been riding around with him and Natasha and Thor all day, doing what they can.
I still believed that when I met him, you know? Still believed every word of every letter like the starry-eyed, empty-headed fool I am. I was even glad he was so big! And handsome, Steve, so handsome. My life is over.
It's like living inside... I don't know how to say it. There were little places, in the house in New York, that used to feel like
. So yes. I do think it would be a good idea for you to sit him down and give him a list of all the things you do and do not expect of him, no matter how foolish or obvious they may seem to you. Because Steve? This is the part you're not getting:
He flops down next to Steve, atop the pillows and covers, and Steve holds out the edge of the blanket to him.
I don't know anyone here. Not him or anyone else. No one knows me. Jarvis is leaving tomorrow and won't be able to come back for ages, if he ever can at all. If I were to vanish from the face of the earth no one would know. No one would
. Remember I said this would be hard for you? Well, trusting him is one of those things that's not going to be easy."
Then he gathers his bag and boards the train and doesn't look back. Steve and Tony stay on the platform until the train rounds the first curve and is lost to sight. And then Tony and Steve climb into the buggy again and away they go. Alone.
And then. Steve sees. This omega. Who is just. The single most beautiful person Steve has ever, ever seen.
The windows are open and the white muslin curtains flutter in the breeze. The stove gleams like ink. The pots and pans hanging are also impeccably clean. The floor isn't polished but there's not a speck of dirt on it. The walls are bare and whitewashed, not painted, but there are no cobwebs or soot stains anywhere. There's no art on the walls, and the curtains and tablecloth are the only ones Steve has.
He should have realized, he berates himself. He should have realized the very moment Mr Jarvis first introduced Tony and Steve was confronted with the fact that everything he thought he knew about Tony's life and situation was wrong. If it was possible for him to be so mistaken about that, how could he have ever thought they both understood every minute detail of what their life together was going to be like?
it. It's small and warm and I know if I asked you about any one of the nails you'd be able to tell me where you got it and what was happening when you used it.
Steve finally yells, throwing his drawers away in triumph, and Tony's laughing as Steve (also laughing) rolls over and drags himself back into Tony's arms.
Nothing on his usual route has changed enough to throw him off, though, so he keeps at it and is nearly back to the house when the sky's light enough to be called dawn. There's a river - narrow but deep - downhill from the cabin, and Steve ends his run there, stripping down and jumping in. The shock of the cold water is breathtaking, is enough to make him think for a moment that he's died, and yet when he breaks the surface the air feels colder still.
Just as the house comes into view between the trees Tony blurts out, "I'd like to try. To work towards that. With you."
Shyly, it seems, Tony accepts. Mr Jarvis gives a pointed look to Tony, and a severe look to Steve, but doesn't object.
"Understood, sir," he says. Mr Jarvis nods sharply and goes back to his coffee like the whole thing never happened. Steve can't just leave him to think that his threats were needed, though. Can't let him watch Steve marry Tony without knowing that Tony's going to be safe. "If I may, though," Steve continues doggedly, "you don't need to worry. I'll - I know Tony and I haven't known each other that long, but please believe me when I say there is nothing in this world more important to me than Tony's safety and happiness. I'm going to do my best to make sure he has both."
Tony smiles, then frowns, then smiles again but it looks more forced, then grimaces and looks away. His hands open and close at his sides and he shifts on his feet.
Manhandling Tony without permission is something Steve would never do. All the same, it's desperately hard to not turn around the other way and gather Tony in his arms. It's nothing to do with sex and everything to do with protection and comfort. He wishes holding Tony would make Tony feel safe as much as it would make Steve feel like he's keeping him safe, but it won't. He knows it won't. The one and only physical touch Tony has ever deliberately initiated between them was the fleeting kiss at the top of the stairs, and even then Tony immediately ran away and got a locked door between them. He's never initiated a
Letter tucked into his breast pocket for safekeeping Steve goes into town, posts the letter, runs his errands – buys more paper and envelopes and things so Tony can write his people back home, and none of it is nearly so fine as the stationary Tony usually uses. He's too embarrassed to order anything nicer, though, since he doesn't want to get the wrong thing and doesn't want Darcy to know he doesn’t know what he
"Thank you," Steve says and hopes he doesn't sound like he's choking. His stomach makes a break for it but can't decide if it wants to crawl out his fool body by way of his throat or his boots. Mr Jarvis turns and leads Steve over to the patch of shade on the other side of the platform and Steve's fit to vibrate out of his own skin, he's that nervous. "Anthony," Mr Jarvis says as they approach the line between harsh sunlight and deep shadow, "I've found Mister Rogers."
"Steve! Gods, I was half an hour away from going out to find you myself! I was convinced you were drowned in a ditch somewhere."
for myself. I don't like living just for me. I like being useful to other people, and supporting myself is all well and good but I'd rather support a family. So that's what I wanted when I advertised. A companion and a partner.
I don't know why I believed everything in your letters. I did, though. Maybe it was because they came from so far away; like I thought dishonesty and treachery and manipulation were exports of New York and New York alone.
It takes a long time and a lot of effort, but Steve overcomes both the fear that he'll open his eyes and it'll still be pitch black and his own weariness and cracks his puffy eyelids. Tony's right there, right in front of him, and Steve can't figure out the expression on his face but it looks sad, for some reason.
Steve shrugs, trying to look like he's not about to gather Tony into his lap and promise him the world if only he'll smile. "Then you laze about in the shade all day and I'll take care of everything. I just want you to be happy, Tony."
Steve's just about to admit defeat and go to the post office – he'll check for a letter first and then send a telegram; he may end up looking desperate, but Tony IS supposed to be on this train and it's a legitimate concern that something might have happened to him – when someone says, "Mister Rogers?"
Tony's spent a lot more time outside his room lately, though he still retreats there frequently. He spends a lot of time outside the house, as well, though he seems somewhat fastidious and has managed to not get terribly dirty yet without making it look like that's on purpose. It's endearing.
I didn't want to tell you before why I advertised, because I was worried it would make you feel obligated to do things you don't want to do. I can't bear the thought of you speaking with me only because you think it's the price for the roof over your head. That's not how it is at all, Tony. I'm not sure why you find it so difficult to believe me, and I'm not sure why I find it so difficult to explain, but I swear to you before all the gods that all I want is for you to be happy.
comes before doing the same for himself, but, well. There's nothing in all the world that's more important to him than Tony, and if he's honest he wants to see Tony's first reaction when he goes inside, if only so he can see the worst of it and be prepared for whatever might happen later.
Tony stops his headlong rush two paces from Steve, and Steve is still so deeply shocked he doesn't register that he's a bit disappointed. Tony eyes him up and down for a moment, hand rubbing his chin and head tipped to the side, before he nods to himself and gestures to something beside Steve. He glances where Tony is looking and sees the bathtub next to the door.
Tony laughs and presses his hand to Steve's arm to make him put it down. "Trust me, I am fine out here, thanks. I don't think you realize yet just how hot it is right now."
She gives him a hard look. "I can tell you how to find this out, but it will not be easy. You will have to do things that are very, very difficult for you. I know you, Steve, and this will not be easy for you."
