“Shit.” He fumbled for the phone, yanking it off the charger, and swiped it open, heart pounding. “Hello?”
"Me too." Steve dropped his gaze to Tony's lips again. They were swollen and pink from rough kisses and gasping nips, but his tongue darted out to run along the bottom on, making it shiny with moisture, and Steve couldn't help pressing down and claiming it again. Tony opened to the kiss with a soft sigh, body rippling against Steve's.
Steve frowned, swallowing heavily. He could never tell if Tony was dismissive because he had unique coping skills or because he was hiding his pain. “To be fair, you did crash into a desert,” Steve tried, and to his relief, Tony laughed.
“First night as homeowners,” he whispered into the dark.
Rated: T
Steve snorted. “Let?” He pulled Tony in and kissed him again, because he could. “Let nothing…”
This is for my Starkbucks bingo square B5 - "Lost"
At first, Tony had insisted that he was nothing more than a hookup, pushing away every opportunity at more that the couple presented. With constant pressure, and many dates with just one of the two of them, Tony had finally softened, finally agreed to call them his boyfriends. Steve wanted nothing more than the two of them, in his arms, all the time. His life finally felt steady, balanced.
Steve laughed. Everything felt easy tonight. “Bet you’ll like me tomorrow.”
“Just distracting you,” Tony replied, writhing a little in Steve’s lap and making Steve’s hands clench on Tony’s hips.
The elevator shot up again, and Tony leaned against the back wall, eyes closed. He was exhausted, but he’d be damned if he didn’t get his hands on his boyfriend before he finally crashed. He pondered what the B-team might be. Was Steve training new recruit Avengers… on the roof?
Rated: T
The rest was fate.
Tony leaned back against the mirrored wall of the hotel, pressing his flushed forehead to the cool glass. He already had his jacket off, and his shirt was three buttons down, but it wasn’t helping banish the heat that crackled under his skin.
You probably want them back and you’re just too polite to ask.
Steve grinned at him then wrapped an arm around his waist, drawing him in close. “That was my last one.”
“Yeah.” Steve forced himself to smile. “Those guys are assholes. I don’t know why you keep going to that club when they treat you like they do. I’ll do pretty much anything to show them up.”
“Um.”
Tony’s tone had Steve swallowing heavily. “I - I didn’t mean -”
“You’re not on the clock,” Tony protested, pulling Steve closer.
Tony eyed the tiny junkheap that used to be a walkie-talkie. “The super secret surveillance van is a bit the worse for wear.”
From: v.potts@starkindustries.com
Steve gripped Tony’s forearm. “I don’t think you should finish that sentence. Tony, do
"Limo service had already dropped me off when they starting murdering flights left and right and I thought I might as well get a room at the hotel here, rather than call the car again only to drive an hour back to yet another identical hotel. But then I thought, why not find some company?"
Subject: Care to comment?
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Bucky leaned against the door jamb. "Pal."
It took three tries for the keycard reader to recognize him, but when it blinked green he pushed on the handle, rolled into the room and - stopped.
? If Steve was into guys and into PDA, why hadn’t he chosen Tony? Tony was right there all along, waiting, hoping, but instead Steve had offered his heart to some rando he met at the grocery store, and the guy seemed inclined to take it.
Square: Knights
Tony lifted Justine back up to her feet and spun her around the other way.
"You just showered."
Tony sighed. "I miss the days when you could chuck him around like a football while he was sleeping and he wouldn't wake up."
"Hey, baby," Tony said with relief. Steve never failed to make him feel better.
Tags: Earth-3839, Batman, Yes this is canon(ish), Alcoholism, Unrequited Love, Ambiguous Ending
He was just sinking into a nice sort of ice cream haze when a soft thump drew his attention away from his rocky road and through the open kitchen door. From his line of sight, he could catch the stairs doors as they swooshed open.
That was Tony’s puppy.
<< Really? A year and that's what you start with?
Bucky was so hot. And so kind. And so good at his job. If only… Tony took a stabilizing breath, then went for it. "Hey, Buck? Want to come over for dinner tonight?"
Nat rolled her eyes at the years-old argument.
Steve woke up a few hours later in the pitch black, heart pounding, to a voice in his ear.
"I said sorry," Steve muttered. "I'm grateful you have work, honest."
Steve didn’t bother saying goodbye. He pushed away from the table and crossed the room to where Tony was still deep in his story. Steve interrupted, perhaps in the way that only Captain America could, and they all fell silent. “Tony, can I borrow you for a moment? Ultimates’ business.” Tony nodded, and let himself be whisked away. As soon as they were out of earshot, Steve bent to his ear and hissed, “You’re wearing my tie.”
Bucky snorted. "Mate testing was six months' salary when I came of age. No fucking way."
Tony had given up on ever meeting his soulmate. It was probably around his fortieth birthday when he realized it wasn’t going to happen. Sure, some people found their soulmates in their eighties or even nineties, but Tony had been banking on something a little sooner. He wanted a family.
nearly half an hour ago. Tony was the kind of person who, when he said "I'll pick you up in four hours," either picked you up at three hours and fifty-nine minutes or didn't show up until the next morning, a manic glint in his eye, and grease all over his cheeks.
Steve opened his arms, and Tony tipped into them, nearly bursting with how right, and solid and perfect and wonderful it felt. “It’s already yours too, Tony, we were just waiting to find you. I knew we would, someday.” He buried his face in Tony’s neck. “I was just waiting for you…”
Tony twisted his sleeve around his fingers in a surprisingly meek gesture. “Where did you say you lived?”
“Guess we all gotta story, huh?” Steve taps his fingers against his thigh. “If you’re looking to uh… keep your name under wraps, this might not be the best place to land, though.”
Bucky bumped their shoulders together, and Steve let out a long, slow breath. Bucky didn't have to say anything for Steve to get his point. They'd lived together for a reason, ever since Steve's ma died. Because they were best friends, had been for over a decade, and there was no one else Steve wanted to share his space with. But if he was so tied up in his own shit that he was a terrible friend and a terrible roommate, Buck was better off paying for half the space on his own. He and Buck had each been the strong one for the other more than once, and right now if he couldn't make money, at least he could stop being a jerk who was making Bucky's life worse in other ways.
Tony nodded. "Okay. Okay, sounds good. A picture… yeah I'd like that."
“He has his date night with Peggy on Thursdays,” Tony said. “Go out to dinner with me?”
Steve twisted, but Tony feinted and caught him on the side bringing them both tumbling down.
Steve held out his hand. "Do you want to be?"
Rated: T
"More awkward than that sex scene you had to do forty times with Amanda Whatsherface after that thing with the wine and red dress?"
“Like six, I guess.”
Tony pushes himself to his feet then holds out a hand to help Steve up too. If there’s any danger to him meeting Steve’s past self, he’s already stuck his foot in it completely - no going back. “You alright?” he asks.
Tony tipped his head to the side. "Well, you weren't wrong. He was just going to vote in favour of it."
Allusions to Sex, Feelings, Confessions, Post-Sex Talk, Beginnings
“Don’t get what?”
“Tony…” Steve couldn’t stop his hand from cupping Tony’s cheek. “Prince Ty could take care of you, support you. I’m bound to the wand, if I leave my post, they’ll come for me.”
“You’re not real,” Tony told him, calmly. “But you know what? That’s okay.”
Steve demonstrated, holding his hand palm up next to Ant, and Ant copied him, though he placed his hand face down on top of Steve's, his tiny fingers looking ridiculous as they barely covered Steve's palm. Tony took Ant's hand with a chuckle and gently turned it over. He winced again at the sight of the cut. Even knowing it was only small, and wouldn't hurt anymore, and wouldn't cause lasting damage, it still squeezed his heart to know his baby had been in pain because he hadn't been there to protect him.
“The only person I want to be in a relationship with is you. Whatever age you are.”
“I have spares.” But Tony must have seen something in Steve’s face because he nodded and kissed him on the end of his nose before rolling off. “Meet you back here.”
Tony turned to grin at Bucky who snuck up and pressed a kiss to his lips. “Yeah, okay. We can do that.” He petted his thumb over the baby’s forehead. “Goodnight, Peanut.”
Tony led the way back inside, and drew Steve right out onto the dance floor and into his arms. Steve held him tight, afraid that if he let him go, he’d wake up and it would all disappear. He buried his face in Tony’s hair and breathed in, unable to stop grinning, unable to stop tracing the length of Tony’s spine with his fingers. Tony swirled his fingertips through the hair at the nape of Steve’s neck and pressed another kiss to his jawline. “We’re going to use the bet money to go on a really nice date,” he said.
“So I guess if we’re going to work together, we should get to know each other, huh?” Tony said with a wink.
As he relaxed into the armour, Steve tried more active steering, tilting his body and twisting his arms to rise higher, sink lower, then shoot off at twice the speed. He did an aileron roll, then another when that made his stomach swoop pleasantly. He gave out a little whoop of joy, and Tony chuckled. “Looks like you’ve got the hang of it.”
Team Feels, Tony fixes everything, but what about when he needs fixing?, arc reactor
in Steve’s perfect handwriting, followed by a small cartoon drawing of a tomato. It wasn’t physically possible for Tony to love this man more.
Subject TS-616 is prepared to be exposed to stimuli for cataloging.
Steve opened his mouth to protest, but the idea was actually deeply appealing. Sliding down a little hill with Anthony in his orange snowsuit, tucked tight against Steve’s lap. The way his little face would light up, cheeks pink with cold, and he’d laugh and laugh. “Maybe…” Steve whispered.
“I - no. No, not if it’s - not if you guys are… serious. About me,” Tony stuttered out. “But you don’t want that in the press…”
Tags: sub!Tony, Dom!Steve, rimming, face sitting, bondage, overstimulation, coming untouched.
“This won’t work,” Tony whispered.
Tony hummed with pleasure and rolled to his side, plastered against Steve’s arm. He rested his face on Steve’s bicep, level with Anthony’s, and blinked at him. “Good morning, little duck,” he whispered.
Steve shrugged. “I was just wonder-”
“Nope.” Tony breezed past him on the way to the treadmill. “And you should really use gloves instead.”
Steve took it. “I would love to.”
“You don’t look fine.”
"Well, if I'd been watching him, I would have seen him find it."
“Mr. Stark… I’m sorry, but I have to go. Captain America has gone missing and they’re -”
The man screeches to a halt with a yelp, and Tony stumbles backwards, his hands automatically coming up, palms flat, a complete lack of repulsors pointed in defense. There are two men, actually, coming around the corner, each clutching a paper bag, fingers gripped around the bottleneck at the top, paper crumpled and torn.
“Tell me what I want to hear,” Tony moaned, writhing on Steve’s lap.
Tony snorted. “Stark-ly. I wish.” He ran a shaky finger over the faded newspaper clipping, then flipped it over again to stare at the picture it was glued to the back of. He picked up his cup again and drained it dry. “Fucking Batman.”
Tony huffed. “Thank you, Steven.”
“You live around here?”
Bucky’s tongue darted out to brush over his bottom lip, eyes fixed on Tony. “I was baking muffins.”
Tony’s wild train of thought screeched to a halt, and he blinked at Bucky. “You love me?”
“Roger that.” Steve checked the assignment then changed coarse.
Clint pulled out the empty carafe and stared at it, expression heartbreaking. “No…”
Tony’s chest heaved, trying to draw in enough oxygen to stay conscious. The Iron Man armour was destroyed beyond repair, helmet gone entirely. If only he’d managed another swig out of that bottle. Going down fighting was a necessity; going down drunk was a luxury. And Tony Stark was all about luxuries.
Then Tony shifted forward, without a word, braced one hand on the pillow next to Steve’s head and kissed him soundly. Steve burrowed the hand that had reached for Tony’s hair deep into it, holding the back of his head to keep him from pulling away too far. Everything hurt, but he couldn’t find it in him to give a single fuck; the only thing worth feeling was the soft brush of Tony’s tongue against his.
"Steve's visiting from L.A. and he promised to cook something with food groups." To Tony's dismay, Bucky's face fell at Steve's name.
"Okay… but later? Yeah?" Tony sucked on the end of Steve's tongue and rolled his hips, moaning.
Steve moaned out a warning as his balls tightened and the telltale rush shot through him. “Tony -
The bad man leaned over, smoothed Tony’s hair back, then pressed their lips together.
“I guess so.” Tony picked up his guitar and settled in front of his microphone. He couldn’t pull his eyes away as Bucky dug his bass out of his bag and hooked himself up to the amp.
They re-built the nest with sleeping in mind, laying out Rowdy’s blanket at their feet. The living room carpet was soft and squishy, and the stack of pillows and blankets made a pretty cosy place to curl up, in the end. Tony propped up his tablet and set it playing its way through their Disney Classics playlist. Halfway through Lion King, Steve started yawning, and Tony pulled him close against his chest, tucking a blanket around his shoulders. Steve wiggled his feet down until they were safe under Rowdy’s substantial bulk, and breathed in the soft, homey scent of Tony.
Tony grinned. He took the tablet from Steve's hand and the screen turned on, showing that a blurry picture of the Avengers had already been set to the background. "Jan helped me with that," Steve explained. "But, well, I kind of wanted
“Leave it, Barton,” Steve snapped. He slunk further down in his seat, fierce gaze never leaving the monitor.
He looked down at the duvet he’d wrapped himself in, realizing with a wince that it was the only one Tony had on his bed. “Oh. Sorry.”
Steve swallowed. “I know.”
Steve tried to turn to go, but he knew the vision of Tony in pieces was going to occupy his mind until he saw him whole again. “Tony… are you okay?”
“Course.”
Tony’s heart thudded painfully in his chest.
Nat walked over and raised her palm above them. Tony adjusted his fingers and leaned in, close enough that Steve could smell his cologne. His head spun, and he cleared his throat, settling his hand in Tony’s.
“But we said it was a bad plan… we don’t have a bed, or - or a coffee maker…”
Steve blinked at the toast and smiled sloppily. “Thanks.” He picked up the peanut butter slice and hummed with pleasure as he chewed. “Gonna marry the hell out of you, someday.”
“Don’t worry about it. You said coffee and I got confused.”
"You know, it never occurred to me that it would ever be a problem that we both work for the same University, that so many of our students are shared."
“Okay,” Tony breathed. It was barely a word.
No Warnings
They fell into companionable silence, Tony eating his way through the pint and Clint flipping along through his book. Tony was tired, but he knew sleep wouldn’t come. He could just tell. There was no point in working, though; the competent part of his brain had checked out about six hours of sleep deficit ago.
“I know you can, sweetheart,” Steve said, “but you’ve been poking around in there for half an hour and you don’t have to. Because you’re very rich and influential. And even if -”
"Don't text your ex," three voices echoed in perfect harmony from the stalls behind him.
Tony leaned back against the door frame and waited for a few minutes, but even though he couldn’t hear, it still gave him the intense feeling of eavesdropping, and that was too uncomfortable. He climbed back into bed and pulled out his tablet again.
Universe: MCU
“It’s three in the morning.”
Subject: Re: Care to comment?
If Tony's eyes wandered down over the curve of Steve's backside in the suit, it was just because it was his responsibility to improve the suit to protect that backside, and not for any deeper, hornier reason. Not that Steve didn't have a perfect backside. He did, obviously. He was Captain America. But they were friends, and it'd be weird to think about or stare at it as long as he had been at this point.
know there’s a pattern, but how the f-” His voice dropped to a near whisper and he was radiating anger now. “How the
The bad man looked down at his own bruised hands. Why couldn’t Tony be doing that for him?
“Cold,” Tony whined, waving a hand in Steve’s general direction without lifting his head.
“No, no. We’re um, I mean. We are sleeping together. But it’s not exclusive. He just comes over sometimes. You know…”
“He's… alive, right?” husked a soft voice that sounded a bit like Jan.
Post-Breakup, Hopeful Ending, Young Tony, Nat, Clint, Bruce.
"I - I think so. Yeah…" Surprisingly, he meant it. If he'd been alone for that, discarded back at the tower like leftovers, he'd be struggling right now, he knew that. But instead, it was something he and Steve had shared, like any one of their battles, and that made it all okay, somehow. Besides, he'd had like twelve orgasms, at least, and it was hard to stay unhappy with that many endorphins rushing through his veins. "Yeah, I'm okay. You?"
And that stung. “With no consequences, that’s how you treat me? Do you really hate me so much?”
“Fuck Tony, it’s like you were born to suck cock. Is this how you’ve been getting by? Crossing the country with a dick in your mouth? I hope so. It’s the best use for you.” Steve glanced down to see Tony’s hips start to move in desperate little half-thrusts, but there was nothing for him to get friction against.
For my bday prompt party, for anon who wanted: steve suddenly has bunny ears and a bushy bunny tail. tony really really wants to touch his tail (and maybe some other things too)
“Perfect,” Tony said. “Couldn’t see you at all. Now I just need solid numbers on dispersion time.”
“It’s no accident that you needed help with those redacted files today, is it, Tony?” Nat asked softly.
"Mmmf!" Tony struggled uselessly, his strength nothing against one of the tentacles, let alone the whole creature. It bound him tighter and tighter, wrapping them into a ball of slick, rubbery mass, covering every inch of Tony's skin. Oh god, it was going to kill him, eat him,
Tony lets out a sharp breath and tips forward to lean against the cool brick. He’s sweaty and panting from the fight, which should feel better than being chilled, but the air is still harsh and cold and now its whipping sweat away from his rapidly cooling skin and sending shivers even deeper.
(Originally
“I know. You’re very impressive and skilled and good hands and all that stuff,” Steve murmured against Tony’s lips.
Tony kissed back until Steve managed to relax his hold and Tony put a few inches between them, concerned eyes scanning Steve’s face. “What happened?”
Upstairs, he found someone he had not expected sitting on his couch. “Steve!”
Rated: T
Everyone declared at once that they were thirsty, so Steve agreed to guard their stuff while the others went to grab drinks. Tony promised to bring him something back. Steve was flipping through Twitter on his phone when a foot bumped against Steve’s. He looked up then scowled when he saw Justin and Brock smirking down at him.
But Steve’s floor was quiet and dark. There was no sleeping form tucked under the blankets in the bedroom, no light on in the bathroom, the balcony was still and empty and no mug sat on the kitchen counter and curled steam into the air.
Steve quirked a curious eyebrow at him. Tony was vibrating with excited energy and that was enough to get Steve to click the projector off and tidy his things together. He hadn’t started painting beyond the base layer yet, so thankfully there were no brushes to wash. Tony took his hand and pulled him out of the bedroom.
“They pulled us apart like tissue paper out there,” she said.
Rating: T
Tags: Cute, Nonsense, Banter, Age of Ultron Party Scene, Flirting
“You sure you’re okay, Tony?”
wasn’t going to touch his cock, he was just going to - “Oh my god…”
But more, he wished that there was something he could do for Steve.
It was too late to hide anywhere, and a moment later, Laura Barton appeared. She frowned at Steve and stepped closer, a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. “I’m sorry, Captain, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
"Hello?"
He should have told Tony how he felt, risks be damned. He’d waited with Peggy, too long, and now he’d made the same mistake again. And this time, he never even got the chance to taste a kiss from Tony’s lips, not even once. The fissure in his heart that had healed over once creaked and cracked once more.
Steve popped the snap on his helmet strap and tugged it off. He ran dirty fingers through his hair, combing it back from his face. Sirens echoed down the street, but it was a comfort instead of a stressor. Sirens meant two things to the Avengers: either they were about to be called, or they'd just finished the battle and emergency crews could finally move in and start putting things back together. Even among the dust and debris, the damage and chaos, it was a profound relief to hear the city whirr back to life around them.
“But you blame me anyway,” Tony filled in.
Rating: T
“Hun? What’s wrong?” Steve sounded thirty seconds from panicking.
Steve took a few steps into the room, knowing he should say something to let Tony know he was here, but loathe to interrupt the song.
Tony opened his mouth to quip back, but the tentacles started moving in a new way and he jerked back against the wall, eyes dropping to his crotch. A new kind of tentacle had wound its way up his leg, as long as the others but extremely thin, thinner than a pencil. It tapered off into a soft point and when it worked its way up the length of Tony's cock, it rubbed the tip against his slit. "Oh fuck, no no no." Tony struggled hard, tugging and shifting, but the tentacles held him fast, coiling around his limbs until he was bound tightly, sandwiched between the wall and Steve.
They fell.
But pressure between his legs drew Steve's attention away from Tony and to the tentacles that had stripped him mostly bare. They writhed and surged and pressed all over him, testing every inch. A tentacle plunged into his mouth, rearing back when he bit down hard on it. It seemed almost surprised, but it didn't press between his lips again. He could do nothing about the other tendrils though. They wound around his arms and legs, finding every patch of sensitive skin, every place that longed to be touched, and
Tony felt fourteen again.
Bruce sat down heavily in an armchair with a huff. “I was going to go to that conference upstate about advances in gamma radiation sensing technology, but my car won’t start. The mechanic can’t come out and look at it until Monday so I guess I have to Skype in.”
“I’m so sorry,” Tony said for the hundredth time.
“I never thought I would,” Tony said. “Find you, that is. Wow.” He stood and Steve did too, stumbling forward a step. “And you’ve got a kid and - wow.”
“What? Are you okay?” Iron Man asked, the voice modulator making him sound painfully familiar.
** After the woman thanks them, Steve says, essentially, "The pleasure was all mine" and then to Tony he says, "Well, if you're good, maybe it'll be your turn to please me."
"What?" Steve sat up and shoved his suitcase away to give himself some breathing room, since he certainly wasn't getting any air on the side Tony was occupying. "Oh! No. No, I didn't mean
For Starkbucks Bingo: O5 - "How about a hug?"
He rapped his fingers against his chest, over the scar.
“You always have me to cuddle with,” Steve said, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders and tugging him further up onto his chest, “and they’re still always ice cubes.”
“This,” Tony gasped, “was such a good idea.”
"I think he's feeling better," Steve said, letting Ant tip over sideways in his arms, still cackling.
“Yes.”
The creatures brought Steve even closer to Tony, until their chests pressed together, and Steve tightened his hold on Tony's hand. When he didn't respond, Steve leaned in and touched their foreheads together. "Tony. Tony, are you okay?"
“Oh my god,
Tony laughed. "How do you know I'm looking?"
He reached the end of the hallway and made to open the door, but a small package at his feet caught his eye. It was a little bundle, no bigger than a book, wrapped messily in plain, brown packing paper. He had a brief moment of concern that it might be sinister but there hadn’t been any security alerts and he trusted the tower’s safety implicitly. He picked it up and unfolded the paper.
Steve had long since tucked himself up against Tony’s back, as if he could provide some warmth or comfort - his ice-cold, marble-hard skin surely offering neither, even if Tony had murmured, “That’s nice, darling,” when he’d first pulled him into his lap. He couldn’t warm him, but he could give him something else. Did he dare?
Everyone I'm working with is in their mid-twenties. And all my friends from back home are still in high school. I'm really excited about what I'm working on, but… fuck, I'm just - I'm just -"
“That kiss felt really real.”
"Do you think they'll post the video on the internet?"
“Worried about who’s going to paint Nat’s nails if you kick it. I only have steady hands when I’m soldering.” But when Tony set him down by the quinjet, it was oh so gently. “Don’t go thinking this means I like you.”
Rating: M
Steve is stuck on a long layover in an uncomfortable airport. He decides to go on Tinder to pass the time.
“You almost died. Idiot.”
Steve poked him hard in the thigh then dropped him to his feet again in the elevator, crowding him up against the wall. “Anything you want. All I want is you.”
Arranged Marriage, Young Tony, Older Steve, Captain Rogers, Pre-Wedding Jitters, Meeting for the First Time.
This is a fill for my bday party prompts 2019. rogers-stark45 asked for: "SteveTony, getting together, maybe tony is in denial of his feelings for Steve but one day he hears him speak French and he internally explodes"
“Whoa!” Two strong arms caught his hips and settled him back on the creaking ladder. “Move the ladder, Steve. Please don’t christen our brand new house, only seven hours in, with a gaping head wound.”
“Fuck, I’m sorry. I’m -”
“She’s adopted, you walnut.”
Tony snorted. He tossed his book aside and stood. “Don’t be silly, Bruce. I can fix that.”
Tony opened his mouth again but Steve slapped his hand over it, silencing him. “I’ll sit on him until it wears off.” Tony licked his palm then mumbled
Steve Feels, Time Travel, Angst with a Happy Ending, First Kiss, Panic, Fear, Pain.
Tony flicked his eyes back over to Steve’s. Bright, wide, wondering. That was real hope glowing in them, real love. “No. No, that’s not what I want,” he admitted. The licking flames of their fight had faded into nothing more than smouldering embers, easily washed out.  "I want to be with you.“
“Sir?”
conversation had accidentally revealed that they both had feelings for him too - reciprocated feelings. But it was still hard for Tony to think of himself as anything but added on. Sure, three days wasn’t a long time at all, but it was hard to believe they really wanted him as equally as they wanted each other.
Rating: M
“I -” Steve cut himself off. He rubbed his face across the tops of his knees where they were drawn up to his chest. “I’m fine. It’s not… harming me. I just - I don’t like the cold. I don’t - I can’t -” He cut off sharply.
Tony rubbed the pad of his thumb over the back of Steve’s hand. He loved those hands. “You still want to be with me after I yelled and then spent three days breaking up with you?”
The bad man immediately set off for the place he knew Tony would be: at the top of the tallest tower, in his penthouse apartment.
“I know. Cause you have me.” Tony could feel the pull. It’d be so easy to just let go and believe this was real, to give in and give up. So easy. Tony gripped reality with the bare bloodied edges of his fingertips.
Tony woke up handcuffed to a pipe. He was in what looked like a basement - small high windows, hard concrete floor, insulation blooming out of a hole in the drywall. Footsteps thumped across the floor over his head. The first thing that popped into his head was,
But how could it be anything else? Tony had never seen Steve like this with anyone.
he thought, not for the first time,
This kiss went on, shifting hotter and more intense as Tony explored Steve’s mouth with his tongue and Steve’s hands crept up Tony’s back. Tony kissed Steve like he’d find an extension for his finals at the back of Steve’s throat and it was
"How did it go with Darcy last night?"
"Thirty seconds!" someone called from set.
The demon shimmered with magic, and a moment later it stilled and nodded. “I’ve cast your spell. You’d better not call me again!” And with a poof it was gone.
“Okay. Okay.” Tony set his champagne down and let Steve slip him out of the party. Steve led them out of the huge double doors on the main gathering hall to a balcony that looked out over the compound grounds, but he didn’t stop there. He wound his way up the spiral stairs to the roof. The wind whipped Tony’s hair up, and he shivered and wrapped his arms around himself, but barely a heartbeat later, he was tucked in the warm leather of Steve’s jacket.
He couldn’t pretend the plate was still dirty, so he finally flicked on the tap and rinsed it off then put it in the drainer to dry. That was the last of them. He was out of excuses.
Bruce. Slinking along past the other doors and stopping in front of Steve and Nat’s. Tony resisted the urge to bang his head against the wall which would surely wake everyone up. Bruce knocked softly, and the door sprung open almost immediately. Was is just Tony, or did Steve look disappointed? Maybe he was expecting someone else?
But Strucker just smiled and pushed the button.
(See the end of the chapter for
They surged up -
"Oh… why?"
Tony looked around manically. “We need the, uh, the thing.
Steve shook his head, the last of his stress giving way to a smile. Somehow in the span of a few hours he had a job and a date? This was definitely the weirdest day he’d had in a while. “Okay. That sounds perfect.” He munched a few fries. “But if this isn’t a date, what do we talk about for the rest of lunch?”
“Oh yeah?” Steve shifted in his seat. “Do you - uh -” He swallowed and looked over at Tony again. His pants were tightening, thinking about what Tony might have been offering before, and he leaned forward a bit so his shirt would cover the rising bulge. “You’ve just been hitchhiking your way along? Where did you start?”
Challenge: AI Takeover: looks at him, heat and intent
Challenge: Camouflage
The stage was a safe haven, an island in a sea of depravity, but Steve couldn't be up there, couldn't find refuge with Bucky. So when the first song was over, he took his drink and set it on the edge of the stage, shoved up behind Bucky's case where he'd find it, then he turned to go.
Bruce’s mouth twisted up as he slotted the last test tube in the machine. “Boyfriend? Really? Is it that far along already?”
Steve’s frown twisted into confusion. “I’m pretty sure raccoons don’t eat cats.”
Steve grinned at him and snuggled closer. “You were sleeping.”
“And there’ll be lots more firsts here.” Tony’s voice dropped low, and it felt like the lights dimmed with it, drawing the room in around them, small and cozy. “We’ll have our first night as newlyweds here. Soon.”
High school AU, prom, promposal, pining, confessions.
Thanks for the prompt anon! I couldn’t help but do this one for Easter. I got a bit cheeky with it; I hope you don’t mind :P
“Wow.”
He charged up out of the water and flew up the beach towards Steve and Bucky. Both their expressions morphed into twin concern. “Tony what’s wrong?” Steve asked. “What was that?”
Steve let out a tense breath he'd been holding. "Well, that's a relief."
Rated: T
Tony could take rejection, he really could. You didn't make it as far in acting as he did without getting really intimately acquainted with rejection. But Bucky wouldn't reject him. Instead, he kept reeling Tony in closer and closer with soft looks and coy smiles, and then every time Tony tried to take the step to push it into something voiced out loud, Bucky pushed him violently away again.
Steve stood back, sinking into the hallway where they could be more alone. Tony stepped out but didn’t speak, just waited.
(See the end of the chapter for
An hour later, thoroughly kissed and with a few decorations thrown around the apartment and a small pile of presents laid out on the coffee table, they stood side by side in the kitchen, staring down at Bucky’s phone while it played a youtube video about icing a cake. Steve’s brow twisted tighter and tighter as the chipper young woman on screen talked about “crumb coats” and “tier separators.”
When Tony didn't say anything, looking distinctly overwhelmed, Steve barrelled on. "I'm sure you have an absolutely massive legal team and everything, and I promise I really don't want to cause any problems for you, so if you just want me to leave, and leave you alone, I get it. Like I said, I just wanted you to know. It… it felt important. Or, you know, if you want to be involved, that's okay too."
"Really?"
Tony’s eyes flicked his way. “West,” he said simply, dismissively.
“It was a news helicopter,” Tony explained flatly. He pulled his phone out from his shoe and shot a few quick texts off to his lawyer. It was too late, though - he could stop them from publishing, this was private property and they didn’t have clearance to fly over it, but they’d get the shots out on the internet one way or the other. Steve and Bucky making out on a private island in the Caribbean was too good of news to give up. “I have to go back to New York.”
“Wow.” Steve straightened up, feeling the joints and gears of the armour whirr and lock around him. His vision was a huge screen - though it only looked like two tiny slits from the outside - that wrapped almost all the way around his peripheral vision. Overlaid over his view of the workshop was a staggering amount of information: charts, labels, settings, vitals. He flicked his eyes over the screen, trying to take it all in. “Do you see this much information all the time?”
Tags: Earth's Mightiest Heroes, Purple Man, Recovery, Hopeful Ending
"Hey, babe," Tony said softly. "You okay?"
Bucky held out a hand towards Tony. “So let’s give them a show, yeah?”
“Brock and Justin made a bet with me that I couldn’t get the hottest guy in school to go to prom with me.” Tony grinned and bounced on his toes. “They don’t know we know each other! They bet me fifty bucks.”
“Only if you call me Steve.” He shot her the smile that had all the USO girls swooning - or so he’d been told - and her blush deepened.
"Ahh!" Anthony yelped and flung himself sideways into Steve's arms. Thankfully, Steve's enhanced reflexes let him catch the boy and steady his tea at the same time. He settled Anthony on his hip then reached out blindly until he found the coffee table to set his mug down.
"Why is the duct tape in the bathroom cupboard?"
Bday Prompt Party 2019 is open for prompts now!
“What?”
(Originally
He stopped and looked back over his shoulder.
Steve flickered through several emotions in rapid succession, relief, pain, anger, sadness. He settled on pain. Tony wondered if he would always settle on pain, if given the choice.
For my STB square "I could do this all day." Sorry guys, I couldn't help myself :P
Bucky turned around with a grin and sat back on Tony’s lap, grinding his hips.
The tower was definitely under attack. Steve spun on his heel and took off towards the gym. If JARVIS couldn't contact the Avengers, he'd have to gather them himself.
And now he was going to prom with him. Well… it might be nice to pretend, just for a night.
Tony goes away for two weeks and Steve is left to fend for himself with Anthony.
“Where’s Steve?”
Steve softened a little. "Okay." He picked up the spoon. "This does smell pretty good."
“We’re gonna go broke.” Steve shifted down between Tony’s legs until he was slumped, almost flat, his full tummy pressing against his waistband. He popped the button with a happy sigh.
Tony shook his head. “They’ll think you don’t want me,” he said in a small voice. “No matter what you say, my parents will think I fuc- screwed it up and you don’t want me.”
Steve’s heart skipped into overdrive. “What?
Tags: A/B/O, Misunderstandings, Winteriron, College AU, Omega Tony, Alpha Bucky, Scent Matching
Steve sighed. “Honestly? I usually try and do my homework in my head so it’s faster for me to do when I get home.”
Tony’s hands snapped to Steve’s shoulders and held on for dear life as he slumped nearly boneless in Steve’s arms. Steve caught him, holding him up easily. And as he suspected, once he starting kissing Tony, he couldn’t stop. A short peck probably would have convinced the bullies, but Tony was warm and soft and pliant in his arms, and his lips moved gently against Steve’s, sucking in sharp breaths through his nose.
With a frustrated shout, Steve dropped the plate and pushed out of the elevator as it was closing, slamming through the door to the stairs and taking them three at a time. He shot out on the seventy-second floor and skidded across the gym to the locker room. He swore when he saw the trail of clothing leading across the floor. Tony would never leave his things lying there like that.
“Okay.” Tony curled into Steve’s lap, pressing his face against his neck. “That works.”
“Bucky?” Tony sat up and rubbed his eyes. He glanced at the clock. It was three in the morning. “What’s wrong?”
“What’s your final destination?”
Okay! I'm all caught up on my tumblr, so I'm marking this as complete, for now. But I will add new chapters when I add new ficlets. If it gets too unwieldy, I guess I'll start a second one! Thanks for reading <3
Steve’s perfect, serum-enhanced memory lets him scroll through those moments and catalogue them. How had he not noticed before?
Tags: Art, Cute, Silly, XKCD Style
Winteriron. For StarkBucks Bingo and TSB, promps, "Baking" and "Adrenaline Rush."
“Of course they are.”
“Definitely.” Tony folded his hands behind his head and grinned up at her. “I’m very mature now.”
“Like stinky cheese,” Tony said.
There was a quiet moment of startled contemplation, and then Tony burst out laughing, his whole body shaking where he was still wrapped in Steve’s arms.
"Sorry. Look… I have mega feelings for you. And back in L.A. Steve was developing mega feelings for you too. So we decided to ask you out, hoped you'd join us, be our third, but then as soon as we landed on location, it seemed like you decided you hated Steve after all. You'll never come over when he's here, so we haven't had a chance to talk to you about it, to ask you out. And I guess it's kind of been building in me like a pressure cooker. I'm really sorry. I don't want to make this shoot uncomfortable for you, at all, but I can't wait on this conversation any longer. Apparently."
“Yes, yes. It’s me, Steve. Oh, baby, I was so worried. I’m so sorry. I’m so, so sorry.” Captain America - who was apparently not Captain America but Steve - pulled Tony into his lap and pressed a kiss to his temple.
(Originally
Square: Knights
“Like a fine wine.” Steve kissed him soundly. “Only better with age. And as much as it hurts to see them all, I love every line on you because every one is a win. Each time, you walked away with your life, and that’s what matters most.” Steve worked his way down Tony’s chest, kissing and nipping each line and wrinkle and scar. When he got to Tony’s ribs he could see, under the dark mark from the Doombot, a thin white line poking out. He rubbed the pad of his thumb over it. “Mary Poppins, huh?”
“I don’t know,” Steve said quietly. “Since we’ve both beaten everyone else.”
The wedding reception still raged on down the street, but Tony had slipped out early, feeling the thudding of his heart low in his core. This was going to suck. A lot. But he had no choice.
Actually…
Tony guided him through it slowly but surely, his voice steady even when the rest of him started to shake.
Tony hunched down behind his sunglasses and powered down the street, keeping his chin ducked. It was bad enough he'd lost his wallet that morning, bad enough he'd been recognized at Starbucks and mobbed, bad enough the board meeting had gone to shit, but now there'd been a scheduling mix-up with his driver and he had to walk home. It was that or take a cab where the driver would be surreptitiously taking pictures of him all night. Though, without his wallet, how would he pay for it anyway?
Steve opened his mouth then closed it again. His ma hadn’t raised a liar, even if she had raised a lawbreaker. His lips twisted together, and Tony burst into laughter. He tapped a knuckle against the wall under Steve’s half-finished painting - Iron Man standing on piles of SI-designed weapons, fingers up in a peace sign. “Will this keep?”
That had Tony smiling. "Somehow, I doubt it…" He grabbed a handful of bills and held them out to the man. "Thanks. I have some important shit in here. It would have been a nightmare to replace it all."
“I’m going to die,” Tony moaned. “You’re trying to kill me.”
Ant left his hand resting in Steve's palm but brought his other hand over to inspect the new delight. He squeezed the ends carefully, petted over the stuck-down bits, then touched his fingertip to the most prominent duck. "Dah."
The waiter arrived with their drinks. “You decide what you’d like?” he asked.
Tony shut him up with a look. “This is my thing, okay? I’m not going to make you get a suit for it. Bring Buck and Pegs or whoever, and I’ll get us all a car, we can arrive as a group.”
The coffeemaker was spewing brown water all over the kitchen, the hissing having shifted to a sad whine. Clint braved the deluge to smack the off button and, after a moment longer, the spray slowed then fizzled out with a depressing bubbling.
“Fu-” Tony has time to say, in 2015.
digging into his chest. How could he have misread that so badly? How was Steve such a good actor? They’d laughed and joked, held hands, kissed with morning breath. Steve had bought him an
“Do you like me yet?” Steve asked, as he slowly unwrapped the strips of fabrics from his knuckles.
"Damn right it does." Tony settled in beside Steve on the couch.
But at the end of the leash that draped casually over his arm was a dog. The dog was about knee-high, trotting along at her owner’s heel with a wide, tongue-lolling smile. She was a cloud of golden-brown fluff, culminating in a wide ruff around her neck, so plush that her collar wasn’t visible, the leash simply disappearing into the fur somewhere behind her fuzz-covered, tip-tilted triangle ears.
"And the two are not mixy things," Clint finished, with a wince. "Sorry, Steve."
A few days later, Steve invited Tony up to his apartment for a night in, watching movies, and let him know that he should bring his toothbrush and phone charger.
Every time the music went soft and slow, Steve tried to get his tongue to ask Tony to dance, but he couldn’t manage it. It would be good for the illusion - so far, they wouldn’t look to anyone else like more than touchy-feely friends - but Tony blushed and avoided his eye each time, and Steve didn’t have the strength to break through that.
Steve plucked it off and looked at it. “JARVIS, how late was Tony up fixing this?”
“Well, I know that now.”
Steve picked it up and ran his fingers over the faded MIT logo on the side.
yours.”
Back at the very bad man’s lair, he kicked off his boots and pouted his way down to to his secret lab. His heart was broken. How could it be that Tony wasn’t his One True Love? He’d tried everything, but it seemed that it was not meant to be.
Fluff, coffeeshop AU, flirting.
Steve heard shuffling from the kitchen and he blinked into the dark. Without the glow from the DVR, the various clocks, and lights scattered around the house, the apartment was incredibly dark. But now that he'd adjusted, he could see Tony's shadow moving slowly and carefully through the living room. "We're fine," he told Tony. "Be careful. Don't stub anything." He turned back to Anthony. "All the lights and computers and TVs and stuff in the house are all powered by electricity," he explained, worried he was going to be out of his depth before Anthony ran out of questions. But that was what Tony was for. "It comes out of the plugs."
“Fuck,” Bucky said.
"It was great," Bucky agreed.
"That's it?" Steve snapped. He tugged open the pantry, knowing there was hardly anything in it, then slammed it shut it again.
When the boy finally drew in a gasping breath, they all let out one of their own.
Universe: 616
Tony blinked awake in the dark, not sure what had woken him. The room was dark and quiet, save for the glow of the arc reactor and the soft sigh of Steve’s breathing. Steve, thankfully, was asleep, but Tony was - Tony was
“Morning.”
Steve snuggled closer.
Rating: T
“What? No!” Tony dumped the box in Bucky’s arms and shoved Steve away. He frowned down at the cake which Steve was pretty sure looked better as a smear at the bottom of the trash can than it had assembled. “I wanted to eat your cake.”
, and as much as Tony didn’t want to watch, he couldn’t look away.
After.
“You still with me, Cap?”
Tony chuckled. “I’m not a hooker, just horny. And I like sucking cock. You look like you have a really nice cock, Steve.”
Rated: T
See charts JI-9387 and NL-0876 for a full breakdown of each climax with attached brain scans.
Footsteps thunder down the alley again, from the opposite direction, and Tony tenses, but the wheezing breaths let him know it’s Steve long before he turns the corner. He skids to a halt and drops an armful of fabrics in Tony’s hands before bending at the waist, hands on his knees, and catching his breath.
And Steve couldn’t imagine being happier.
Tony blinked. "What?"
Tony leaned in too, close enough that Steve could feel heat radiating off him. “Yeah.” He smiled again, and Steve’s heart skipped. “Needs more red.”
Steve frowned, squirming. "Don't make fun of me, Tony."
Rated: T
Steve snorted. “Seriously? That’s so much extra food, Tony.”
Tony shrugged. "Nah. It's - I'm doing three degrees at once," he said with sigh, as if he was tired of explaining it. "There's no time off."
He didn’t push or twist his fingers through the strands, Steve just rested his palm on the back of Tony’s head, enough pressure to ease the urge to thrust, to do something, but enough to prevent Tony from moving back.
“Why -” Tony started, then stopped, realizing he didn’t know where that question was going. “…why?”
“Thank you.” Tony unfolds the things, and Steve politely turns away while he gets dressed. With his back to Tony, Tony can see a flaming red stripe of flushed skin at the nape of Steve’s neck, disappearing down into his collar. Tony smiles to himself as he shoves his legs in unfamiliar khakis. Steve still blushes the same, one Captain America serum and seventy-five years later. You just have to know where to look.
[11:23] Tony: Hey.
Steve tumbled out of the armour as he stepped forward and his legs went to jelly. Tony caught him, bracing both hands on his chest to keep him from stumbling right to the floor. “Incredible,” Steve finished.
Starkbucks bingo square: I2 - "Tension"
[11:36] Steve: I know that’s probably not fair of me to say, since I never called you either.
“Just cuddling?” Tony asked, reaching down to sneak a handful of Steve’s perfect butt as he hung upside down.
“No… I - okay.” Steve grabbed the hem of his sweatshirt and pulled it off so he was just in his t-shirt and jeans. Tony came over and checked a few things on the armour then pushed a button on his watch and the front of it folded back, making space for Steve.
But Steve was built for fighting, created for fighting, he didn’t know any other way to be. He was a soldier though and through, and Tony had basically told him that his goal in life was to make him obsolete. No wonder Steve was angry.
The man leaned in even closer. "We're poly. Still looking for our third. That's the almost."
“I just suddenly realized… I thought that was what I wanted, what he could provide for me, but when I had the chance to take it… the only place I wanted to be was wherever you were.”
“Okay. Thank you so much. I -” He swallowed and looked back down at his kid. “Thank you.’
Steve’s heart was beating so loudly, he thought it might rival the drum kit in the corner. He turned to where Tony sat frozen, hands hovering over the keys, eyes squeezed closed. Steve leaned over and pressed his lips to Tony’s shoulder, taking the time to breathe him in, to revel in his closeness and warmth. He rested his forehead against the same spot with a soft sigh, and he felt Tony let out a stuttery breath beside him.
“That wasn’t the bet and you know it.”
“So did I.” Steve brushed Tony’s hair back from his face. “But we can’t have that. So we have the next best thing - you’ll grow old, with me right here beside you. And even when time wears on, I’ll remember. I’ll always remember.”
The tables were packed, men, women, all laughing and talking together. Most of the tables on the upper level had card games going on, piles of pennies at each player's elbow. It smelled like cigar smoke, which Steve didn't mind so much, cigarette smoke, which made him think of his mother, and scotch.
Tony turned back to Steve. “I really need to talk to you.”
Steve stood. “Bye, Tony. Maybe you’ll like me tomorrow.”
Steve hasn’t had a lot of epic realizations in his life.
Steve blinked. “Why?”
Bruce was the one who figured out how to get Steve drunk. It took an IV and almost a hundred dollars worth of alcohol, but Steve felt that woozy-spinny-happy feeling for the first time in over seventy years. The Avengers all piled up on the roof in crappy lawn chairs, laughing as Steve stumbled around the patio and tried to get Thor to dance with him.
“Anytime.”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve gazed at Tony, unable to look away from his beautiful face. He would cherish the watch forever. And perhaps… maybe? It might have meant something more than friendship.
“Shut up! I’m trying, okay?” Steve grumbled. “I’d like to see you do better.”
“Nuh,” Steve said, squeezing his eyes all the way closed and making his way to the kitchen either by muscle memory or by some sort of secret serum sense Tony wasn’t aware of.
Tony moved towards him.
Set at the beginning of chapter seventeen of In Trouble Deep.
ETA: This ficlet now has a sequel! Read it
Tony closed his eyes. He could feel sun on his skin now. But he was still shivering. “Call me sweetheart again.”
“What’s this from?” Steve reached out and stroked his thumb over Tony’s rib where a stark white line broke the smooth olive skin. Steve had never noticed it before.
The kid looked startled for a moment then smiled softly, eyes dropping to the ground. "Thank you." He stepped away then paused, turned back. "You too."
“We do… Happy Garden had the best rice and egg rolls, Ray’s had the best noodles, and Double Dragon had the best stir fry.”
Steve's thumb hovered over the picture. He was almost tempted to swipe right just to see what the catfish said, but he was too irritated by the idea of trying to scam people with someone else's face, and he didn't want to give this jerk the satisfaction of thinking he'd tricked someone. He probably had one of those auto-swiping robots or something set up to try and match with the whole damn city.
“I’m baking.”
Rated: E
The bad man tried to explain - he was merely here to collect the love of his life - but the Avengers wouldn’t listen and he had to fight back. The bad man pushed them away over and over getting more and more upset when they refused to back off and let him have what was rightfully his.
Bucky grinned. "You're on."
On screen, Tony curled his arm tighter around Jan’s waist and deepened the kiss between them. When they parted, Steve’s fingers flexed, and he realized he’d crushed the walkie-talkie he’d been holding into a mess of broken parts. “Shit,” he huffed to himself.
Rating: T
Steve sighed and sat back on his folded legs. "It's in the bathroom cupboard because Anthony fell in love with it while I was taping one of his books back together and insisted on taking it in the bath with him. I traded it for a shampoo bottle with a koala on it, but then I had to hide the tape so he wouldn't see it again and want it back."
Tony blushed prettily. “So… I didn’t know you were going to go to all this trouble so I sort of ordered a custom, white chocolate and caramel cake from Giovanni. Sorry… that’s what I always do on my birthday. I guess it never occured to me that you guys might do something. But it doesn’t matter!” He walked back to the front hall and tugged a big, white box with orange ribbon off the table by the door. “I’ll just freeze it. Or I’ll bring it to work on Monday and give it to my staff to eat.”
“Yeah? Anything you like, Mr. Stark.” Steve deflated with relief. Tony didn’t seem mad about it, amused if anything, so there was a chance Steve would get out of this with his job and his regulars list intact.
Steve pouted again. “To
“God dammit!” Steve shoved away and started running. “I’m out,” he called over his comm. “Area’s clear, but something’s wrong with Tony. I have to get to the hospital.”
For StarkBucks Bingo
They were both giddy and grinning, eager to be in each other’s arms again. Tony led the way into the penthouse, and Steve dropped his dragon’s hoard of soft fabrics on the bed. They’d already had their dinner date, and now it was time to put Operation Sandman into action.
We are forced to classify this planet as INCONCLUSIVE. It has been marked as a possible return for further testing, if funding allows.
Tony used his one free arm to help Steve get his earplugs in. “Can you hear me?”
Tony stretched, everything snapping and popping the best way possible. He arched his back, unsticking his sweaty skin from the sheets. Bucky and Steve were flopped out on either side of him, Steve’s fingers on his wrist and Bucky’s ankle hooked over his. Satisfied didn’t even come close to covering it. Tony grinned up at the ceiling and let his eyes close.
Now that he was no longer preoccupied with his own unwelcome pleasure, Steve could feel the minute movements of Tony’s body and he couldn’t help but wonder what the tentacles were doing to him. Tony’s little gasps and whimpers continued, even with Steve soft.
What?
I hope you’re well.
“Bleh,” Steve replied. He shuffled to the toaster and pushed the plunger down.
want it to be a secret? For you, not for us.”
“Ew. You guys sound like someone trying to eat soup with a fork,” Rhodey said from the table. “And did you really name your cat after Han Solo?”
See charts LW-9287 to NW-9872 for a complete breakdown of this side-study.
“So if he’s doing it now and this blatantly, it must be serious.”
“Careful, Cap. Might give the impression you like me or something.”
Finally, frustrated and exhausted, the bad man got one more hit in, knocking Captain America to his knees, then fled. He burst out of the tower and flew all the way home. It wasn’t fair! The Avengers were keeping him and Tony apart. But Tony had to love him back; they just didn’t understand.
Steve smiled at Tony over Anthony's head. "Out like the lights."
“No way in hell. Not anymore. Fuck me, Captain Rogers.”
"Well. Say what you really think." Bucky swung his legs over the edge of the couch.
Soulmate AU, Doctor!Tony, no powers, meet not-so-cute. (The medical stuff is at daytime drama levels of accuracy)
Anthony sat up. "Da. Tee. Here." He pointed next to his hips on both sides.
“Excuse m-
The guy clicked the heater back down to low and slipped his hand in Steve, shook it once. “Tony. Thanks.”
Steve’s hands gripped his sides and twisted, guiding Tony around until he was facing Steve. The pull on his arms forced him to lean back a little, abs tensing to counteract it. Steve poked the inside of each of Tony’s knees until they were spread wide. He had the calm, contemplative look on his face that meant he was planning something that would make Tony scream, cry, come, curse, or all of the above. Steve smiled softly, eyes fixed on Tony’s bare chest. All of the above, then.
Tony buried his face in Steve’s shirt and breathed him in. “Thank you, darling.”
The man seemed too good for a place like The Dollhouse, but Steve supposed if he was there, he wasn't that good at all. As Steve stepped by, the man looked up and their eyes locked for a brief second before he glanced away again.
Tony’s forearms were lean but muscular, and when he pushed his hand through his hair, sending the curls wild, Steve’s cock throbbed fuller and pressed against the seam of his pants. He shifted again, visions of Tony sucking his way across America surging up in Steve’s mind without warning.
Steve picked up Tony’s hands and ran his thumbs softly over his palms, next to the dark lines the handcuffs had made. “I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve whispered.
Steve said goodnight to Thor on the way out, then hit the street. It was even colder now, the sun completely gone, and the nip with a wet, biting edge to it. Steve flipped up the collar of his coat and hunkered down against the wind, pushing his way the few blocks back to the apartment.
He wasn’t dead, but he was close.
“It’s alright. It’s not really, I mean, it’s not a normal thing… to notice. You were right to be freaked out. But it’s totally innocent, I swear. I don’t know anything about your company.” Steve resisted the urge to shove the sharpie cap between his teeth and start chewing. “Sorry.”
Steve makes a noise of confused support, the kind you give a small child when they’re informing you that they’ve made friends with the nice man who lives in the a/c vent and you’re humouring them but also a little bit considering moving house. Then he turns and hustles out of the alley.
“Did I - ? Yes.” Tony shuffled half off his stool. “I thought maybe you didn’t. You were so scared and everything…”
Tony shifted in his chair beside Steve, itching to -
"Oh fuck," Tony breathed, as he dropped to knees next to Anthony. "What's wrong, baby?" He scooped him up into his lap, and Ant's hand opened, dropping something on the carpet.
“Tony!” Steve jolted forward then rounded on him with a glare.
He was fucking gorgeous.
On the way out, he passed the table with the man he'd been watching, and he couldn't help but keep his eyes trained on him as he walked by, curious to know more about him. Up close, he could see the man had a perfectly trimmed goatee, and his suit and jacket were miles out of Steve's price range. But his fingers were rough and worn, nails torn and even blackened in places which was so at odds with the high-end decadence of the rest of him. The satin band on his hat alone would put Steve out more than he'd made on the last strip he'd sold, and that had been quite some time ago.
“And, uh, interested, of course. I mean, wow. You’re - really?”
Tony worked his lip between his teeth. His eyes flicked away. “I guess that’s not a lie,” he muttered.
“Let’s go then, Tony,” Steve said, tipping his head towards the coffee shop.
She combed his hair back from his face. “You can be the shoe.”
Steve guided his pickup to the side of the road, waving at the guy as he passed him before he came to a stop on the gravel shoulder. The bundle of coats trotted after him then tugged on the door handle, letting in a blast of icy air when he managed to get it open. Steve caught sight of bright brown eyes under the cuff of a knitted cap, but the rest of him was completely obscured by layers and knitwear.
“How do you even know it’s time?”
From: tony.stark@starkindustries.com
"Oh, yeah." They ran back to set hand in hand.
Steve had given up everything for his fairy powers. He’d given up a small, sickly body, destined to die young, in exchange for safety, strength, health, and a chance to help others. It had been an easy decision then, but now…
Challenge: None
"Yeah, bud. That's a dah, just for you. Cause you were so brave, even though it hurt." Tony opened the box and pulled out one of the band-aids. Even the small ones were huge compared to Ant's palm, but there was no way it was going to last there for long anyway. But it'd make Ant feel better, and keep the cut clean for the rest of the day, at least. Tony peeled off the wrapper, while Ant watched, tears forgotten, though his cheeks were still red and streaky.
“I think you need to beat the eggs before you add them.” Steve frowned at the back of the box. “It doesn’t say.”
"Stevie?"
"Not again," Steve groaned, as the effects of the serum melted away. It felt like the ground shot up towards him, when in fact, he was shooting down to meet it. Half his height and half his weight gone, he sighed down at his shoes.
Steve opened his mouth in surprise then closed it again, gaze cutting down to the cup in his hand, he tried to keep his grin under control, but he knew he must look like an idiot. He checked off the sugar box on the cup twice, wrote “Tony” at the top then scrawled his phone number underneath.
Tony say beside him on the flight back to the tower.
“You’re in school?”
“No I don’t.” Steve crossed his arms. “I can’t do that. It’s not fair to you.”
Tony turned bright, shaky eyes on Steve. “Sophie went into labour two weeks early. She’s on her way to the hospital.”
But the boy brightened and nodded, then bent and unclipped the leash from the dog’s collar who immediately took off towards them. Steve tensed, not wanting the dog to get too excited and barrel Tony over, but she skidded to a stop right in front of the startled toddler and collapsed onto the ground about a foot away. She dropped her head onto her paws, stretched out as close to Tony as she could get without actively touching him and gave a soft sigh, her puff of a tail swinging back and forth violently. “She loves kids,” the boy said, appearing at Steve’s side. “She’s super gentle.”
“Tee,” Tony said, shooting him a look.
This is for Ferret's "go be a hero" bingo square!
The elevator dinged softly, and Tony stepped out onto his floor. He shook out his white linen jacket then rummaged around in the pocket for his wallet, and then inside that for the hotel key. The back of his neck itched and when he moved to scratch it, he realized he still had the flower garland on. He fiddled with the edge of one petal and it broke away and fluttered to the floor.
He turned off all his lights, tucked his phone in his pocket, and went back down to Tony’s apartment. He let himself in, feeling a little thrill at that, and made his way to the bedroom. Tony wasn’t there, but the water was running in the ensuite, so Steve plugged his phone in on the bedside table and lay down, pulling the blankets up over him. They were tucked tightly under the edge of the mattress and it took some wiggling to even get down under them in the first place. They were smooth and taut, and it felt like Steve had too much airspace on either side of him, chilled and claustrophobic. Like a grocery store sandwich, covered in plastic wrap.
Tony sniggered. "You are so fucked."
Steve struggled as hard as he could, feeling a bone pop in his wrist as he twisted against the cuffs, but they shocked him with every movement, and, eventually, fighting against the endless jolts of electricity sent Steve limp in his attackers’ arms. “Don’t do this.”
Steve tipped his chin down to nuzzle against Anthony's cheek, his face hidden in Steve's shirt. "You okay, bud?"
“What?” Steve clenched his hands into fists at his side.
“Didn’t know you were into breathplay, darling,” a familiar voice called, matched by the hum of repulsors. Iron Man slammed into the side of the bot and freed Steve from its hold. He crumpled, half with exhaustion and half with sudden horror.
“Like what? Four k? Five? I’m thinking the steam punk one you did down by Battery Park, but at least twice as big. It’s for the lobby of SI headquarters.” Tony sipped his water.
“What do you have planned tonight?” Tony snuck a glance at his watch. It was only ten in the morning. Plenty of time to fret, and plenty of time for Steve to get even more elaborate in his birthday plans.
Tony advanced on him. “It’s been three days. Three days of dodging me, three days of ducking out of rooms, three days of coming to bed after I’m asleep, cuddling me to within an inch of my life -
Respiration: 7 breaths per tinume
"Cap!" Tony shouted, as he launched himself across the asphalt. Steve was consumed by a flash of green smoke. "Steve!" Tony fired the repulsors up to full power.
He’d been here, kneeling on the bed, for days, weeks maybe, it felt like. Steve gripped his cock, Tony’s hands trapped behind his back, his jaw stretched open by the wide ball gag. And Steve had said,
Well.
"Thnk,” Steve mumbled, resting his forehead on the tabletop.
Tags: Pre-Serum Steve, Insecurity, Get Together
Tony chuckled. “Oh. That’s from when I was ten and I watched Mary Poppins and I tried to jump out of the third story window with an umbrella.”
“Mr. Stark is home,” JARVIS said pointedly, and Bucky pulled away with a yelp of surprise. They tore around the kitchen, throwing dirty dishes in the sink and wiping icing off the counters. By the time the elevator whirred up to the penthouse, they had the apartment looking halfway decent, and Steve’s chest was hardly heaving as he settled in to stand next to Bucky.
“Flowers it is then. Here.” Bucky held the bag and Steve dropped the tip in, then spooned in the icing.
Then the door opened and Clint’s brother walked in.
“Call me sweetheart again.”
“Anytime!”
“Sorry. I should have thought of that,” Steve said. “Not quite summer yet, is it?”
Tags: Tony Stark Needs a Hug, Protective Steve Rogers, Hurt/Comfort, Angst, Happy Ending, Steve Rogers Slaps Down
“Steve, wait!”
He gestured to the earbuds in his ears then turned his gaze serenely towards the far wall.
Challenge: No Challenge
“There’s no one else,” he said.
with Steve. Steve yelped and flinched back, but it opened him up and formed around him, swallowing him down, even as he involuntarily jumped out of the way.
Steve very carefully didn’t look at Tony, even though his entire body was yearning in that direction. He wasn’t sure if it would be more awkward or less if the two of them ended up paired together. He hadn’t talked to or seen Tony since their argument out by the woodpile. Tony had come back inside from fixing the tractor with a sad smile and Fury in tow, just in time for dinner, and he’d been nothing but stiffly polite towards Steve since then.
It seemed like hours ago that he’d stopped shivering.
“Yes?”
“God, I feel like robbing a bank,” Tony said, bouncing along at Steve’s side.
Rating: M
“Get off him!” Steve yells, and his footsteps echo in the small space as he flings himself with reckless abandon down the alley.
Tony let his eyes fall shut, trying to hold back the wave of pain that washed through him. “Steve…”
Tony closed his wallet again and slipped it in his pocket. "Thanks, again. It really means a lot that you'd return this instead of selling it on eBay."
He’d been assigned to stay in Cooper’s room, on his bottom bunk, which would have been fine - Tony liked kids and Cooper had turned out to be somewhat of a firecracker - but as Clint had slipped off to bed, he’d leaned in close and whispered “Sorry, Pal, Cooper snores like a freight train,” then disappeared.
The tentacles managed to strip Steve bare, working down the last zipper and shifting his pants down over his hips. Apparently not wanting to risk Steve escaping if they bared any of his limbs, the creatures left his uniform hanging off his body, his chest bare, underwear torn and removed, pants down around his thighs.
“Yours,” Bucky and Steve said in unison.
Steve shrugs. “It’s fine. I’ve had worse.” He wipes it again, only deteriorating the situation on his face. “You gonna tell me how you wound up naked and in an alley fight?”
He hesitated, battling with the desire to crack the door and see if he could see Tony’s form in the dark, but he resisted. All of this was hard enough on the kids without Captain America barging in on them at night.
Steve stared down at Tony’s curled up body in his lap. The snow packed around him had stopped helping when his body had stopped producing its own heat, and that was long enough ago that Steve was counting the spaces between his heartbeats, now.
Stuckony!
“Because you look like you could use it.” Tony smiled again. “Look, it’s all business, I promise. No flirting.” His eyes darkened as they drifted over Steve again. “We can save the flirting for later. Come on.” He set off again.
Tony rummaged around in a plastic bag Gail had dropped off for them a few weeks ago and he'd hung from a hook by the door instead of putting away. With half their stuff in boxes, it seemed silly to find a home for everything only to dislodge it again in a few weeks. He dug around until he found the little cardboard box he was looking for. He brought it back to the couch and sat next to Steve with Ant between them. "Look at this, bug boy!"
Steve’s tongue peeked out from between his teeth. “Think we passed that well more than a few hours ago, but yeah, we definitely do.” He wiggled his hips. “Ravish me, birthday boy.”
> Error 982075
“You said you loved me,” Tony choked out, trying to keep his voice from shaking. “Was that a lie?”
“What? No. This is all business. I said I’d save the flirting for later. So… ”’ Tony raised an eyebrow, his voice dropping low. “Wanna spend later with me, hot stuff?”
And Nat couldn’t wait to be an aunt.
The back door opened and Jan appeared, followed soon after by Tony, one hand pressing against her back to boost her into the van. “Did they buy it?” she asked, eyes cutting to the monitor.
Thank you to Moodybear for the inspiring idea! Thank you to ashy for beta!
Yet still… Tony’s fingers itched…
Hurricane darted to the side, trying to grab another mouthful of the man’s delightfully patriotic speedo, and Tony dove again, nearly wrapping himself around the guy, trying to get a good hold of the squirming pup.
Steve smiled and leaned over the back of the seat. He pressed his finger to the screen of Tony's phone and pointedly swiped right on his own face then stood and held out a hand, palm up this time. Tony took it.
"For your boo-boo!" Tony told him. "Hold out your hand."
Tony plowed through the door of the apartment. "What did you
Something niggled at the back of Tony’s mind. A vague thought that JARVIS was a proven meddler and this
Rated: T
Tony blinked at him, but before he could speak, the rest of the team arrived.
Tony fixed his eyes on Steve's stomach. "I never thought I'd ever get to be a dad."
There was so much he was willing to sacrifice to save his country, his world, but it was too much to ask this of him a second time.
But Tony shook his head. "They don't come to me. They go to the tabloids."
Steve waved him off, and Tony dragged himself into the showers. He had a change of clothes in his locker, and he didn't have time to go back up to the penthouse before his call came in. He'd take a quick shower then motor down to the workshop to work for a few hours before his date -
Ant pouted at him, then nodded, having no clue what Steve was asking, but clearly aware that being asked if he wanted something usually worked out in his favour if he said yes.
She dropped her hand, and Steve tensed, not pressing, but matching the pressure Tony was exerting, keeping them locked in the middle. Tony pushed, but not with his full strength, and Steve looked up to ask him if that was all he had, when Tony leaned forward, erasing the last few inches between them and pressing his lips to Steve’s.
"Damn." Tony whistled.
Bucky startled up from where he'd been hunched over his laptop, poking at a journal article. He stared at his husband, perplexed. "What?"
But first they had to say goodbye.
Steve leaned in slowly, his eyes flicking down to Tony’s lips. Tony could feel the warmth of his closeness, and he found himself a bit dazzled by his - his everything. Tony sucked in a breath and parted his lips and Steve gently pressed against them. His mouth was warm and soft, his bottom lip slotting between Tony’s. Steve’s nose touched Tony’s cheek as he tipped his chin down to deepen the kiss, still chaste, but with a tiny nip of potential future spice that left Tony gasping when he pulled away.
With a startled cry, the bed parted and they slotted down the middle like bread into a toaster, the sheets folding up around them on each side. They came to a stop, wedged in place, and Steve realized that what was advertised as a king bed was actually two smaller beds pushed together and covered over with sheets and blankets. They clearly didn’t expect the weight of two people to land right on the seam because it had been enough to pop the sheets off the corners and split the beds. And now they were stuck.
Steve grinned. “Awesome. Gimmie your number.” He handed his phone over and Tony typed his number in, clearly holding back a grin of his own.
Tony turned to where Steve had taken a gentle hold of his elbow. “What?” He laughed. “They’re about to do the cake and candles and stuff.”
“It’s beautiful.” Steve walked over to the side of the piano and ran a finger along the wood frame, feeling it hum and vibrate with the music. “How does the story go?”
Steve appeared, framed through the doorway, and after him came his stupid boyfriend with his stupid hair. Tony frowned and shoved another spoonful in his mouth.
“Oh my god, that was the worst thing you could have said,” Clint sighed behind them.
“No…” Tony’s eyes drifted closed again.
They did dance, though, when the songs were upbeat and they could go out as a group. And Tony stuck close to Steve’s side, smiling up at him whenever their eyes met. It wasn’t long before they were sweating and laughing, stumbling back to their table when the band took a break.
“Stay?” Tony asked, grinning up at Steve, and Steve’s heart skipped a beat.
“I don’t want to fight you,” Tony managed. He clenched his fist and watched the Iron Man armour ripple up under his skin to form like metal over his hand.
The only reason Steve had heard it at all was that the door had been left open, but even then, it had only been the barest taste that he’d caught before. Now that he was here at the source, he could hear the complexity of the melody, the way the notes danced and teased each other, pulling together then springing apart again.
Steve’s cheeks pinked and his eyes flicked away.
“Tony, please wake up,” he begged. Unable to bear the pain any longer, Steve leaned forward and pressed his lips softly against Tony’s forehead.
“We came to get you.” Steve sounded almost desperate now. “You’re okay. You did such a good job, fighting them. You’re okay, now.”
"Ah." Anthony pondered that for a moment. "Why?"
Tony had thought it was going well. He’d managed to ask Steve to go out for lunch without any of the other Avengers hearing and tagging along. The cafe he’d chosen was the perfect balance of presentable and comfortable. Conversation had flowed easily between them, and as their meal had gone on, they’d shifted closer, leaning over the table to share space.
Bucky grabbed his bag and his saxophone case and led the way out of the apartment, Steve locking up behind him. It was a cool night, but Steve ran hot so he found the nip in the air pleasant. He put his hands in his pockets and tipped his chin up towards the sky. The tips of the buildings on either side of the street made him want to sit out on the fire escape and sketch. He wrapped his fingers around the tiny notebook and pencil he'd shoved in his pocket.
(Originally
to him, Tony. I'm giving you my blessing to talk to him about anything you like, even though I won't be there, okay? I know we do these relationship talks all together, but if you have to wait any longer on this one, you may actually implode. So stop him on a break tomorrow and just ask."
It pushed in another inch and Tony keened. It was beyond overwhelming, the most intense pleasure he'd ever felt, and it never relented, seeking more and more, until every nerve in Tony's body was on fire. It was delicious, staggering, breath-stealing, overwhelming pleasure the likes of which Tony had never felt before. He felt taken and violated and adored at the same time, broken down into his component parts, each one plucked like a guitar string until it was humming. The tentacle had every inch of him. His fingers flexed - well all but a few; Steve had those.
"Take a picture, it'll last longer," came Steve's huffy voice, muted by the approximately seventy jackets Tony knew were hanging in there.
“I’m trying to think. He might never have had any. He hates the smell of peanut butter so I can’t think when he would have - but maybe with the chocolate -”
Steve was laughing uncontrollably now. He pressed a hand over his mouth to keep from waking Natasha who was napping in the next room over. His book had fallen to the floor, but he ignored it, not wanting to miss a moment of the development happening outside the window.
He walked up the winding path that cut through overgrown grasses and hedges to the front door. The paint was faded, and the whole windmill had the distinct impression of it not having been touched in many years. Nevertheless, he needed help. He knocked on the door.
“Yes. If I wait for you to strip down and shower I’ll fall asleep again. But I need to feel you before it’s tomorrow and we’re back to our lives. Please?”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Steve finally peeled his eyes up from the ground and found Tony’s. They were wide in the dim light that spilled out of the gym. “It was real,” Steve admitted. “I’m sorry.”
“Next time…” Steve leaned back. “You can’t seriously still want to date me after all of this.”
Outsider POV, Crack, Very Silly, Romance, Fairy Tale Style.
“I suppose. But now I know for sure.”
"And I know this is so awkward because our night together was great and then it was over and that was all either of us agreed to."
“Ugh,” Steve moaned. “Go away.”
“Don’t deny me those three weeks, Steven. I intend to make them most of them. Besides, I’m not fifty-one,
"Right. Do you… um. Do you want to play a game or watch a movie?"
A smile ghosted across Tony's lips, but then it faded to a frown. "I don't need pity hang outs…."
Steve shrugged. "I had my best friend Bucky with me."
“Oh god. Really? Did I do the wrong timezone? Fuck. Two flights in three days has me so messed up. I’m so sorry. I thought it was midnight in New York.”
Steve heard his name and his attention locked in on the group of students one booth over who had been laughing and chatting for a long time, plowing their way through beer and appetizers.
"Never been to the opera? That’s a crime. You have to come with me!”
“Yes, sir. My apologies for the overreaction.”
Happy Ults Day!!
“Tony, don’t.” Steve grimaced, bare moonlight from a gap in the curtains catching his fangs. “Someday, you’re going to fade away. I won’t have my memories of you fade away too.”
He certainly couldn’t ask Tony to go after him again, not after what he’d just been through. Steve didn’t think anyone else had noticed, but the bruises on Tony’s hips and wrists showed just how physical piloting Veronica was.
Eyes fixed under the table, between them, Tony slid his hand out across his thigh and wrapped his fingers around Steve’s fist. Steve startled, his hand opening out of sheer surprise, and Tony took the chance to thread their fingers together. He squeezed, heart at a standstill in his chest.
Universe: 616
Tony sniffed hard and rubbed his wet sleeve over his face. Did it count as being dumped if you were delusional about whether you were dating or not in the first place? It definitely still counted as getting your heart broken.
(Originally
Tony laughed. "I swear I was just leaning over to ask if I could share your outlet, when I saw you had my face on your phone. I don't normally go around creeping on people's phones. Not much, anyway."
“Iron Man.” Steve’s voice echoed through the otherwise empty conference room.
It was too easy and too painful to think about what this would be like if it were real, but Steve grit his jaw and forced himself to smile and laugh and joke with the gang like everything was normal.
“That was incr-
It was empty.
"I was supposed to be, but this husband of mine caused a bit of a sensation this afternoon, so I cancelled my plans to deal with it. Sorry to interrupt your date night."
Music: Sail by AWOLNATION
With the throbbing pain abating, Steve was able to take in his surroundings. Two hundred years… that was what Strucker had set the chamber for, and no one was here to have let him out so it must - it must -
“Wait. I don’t have a condom.”
Ant wriggled to get down, so Steve set him on the floor, and he sat on the rug, picking up the collection of plastic turtles he'd left all over Burt's top, one by one, and having them kiss his duck band-aid with a loud, "Boo!" each time.
“It’s okay.”
He leaned back as far as he could without tipping over and managed to grab a pencil. He shoved it down the edge of the cast and tried to wiggle it. So close…
"Well, the universe would be hard-pressed to produce such a person." Tony gave Bucky a little nod. "Amelia's. Friday."
Tony started slow, sucking as he slipped back then running his tongue firmly along Steve’s length as he slipped down again. Every time his nose hit Steve’s zipper he swallowed, muscles contracting around the head of Steve’s cock.
“Welcome back, man! We missed ya.” Clint grinned.
“You’ve been avoiding me,” Steve said as he walked in the kitchen.
There was an uncharacteristic pause. “Flour particulates in great number can be combustible. Dust fires have a vast and fatal history.”
“I missed something,” Tony said, when the action replays provided no clues. “What did I miss?”
Steve shrugs. “It was so long ago, and you were dirty and covered in blood and bruises -” he reaches out and wipes his sleeve over Tony’s cheek. It comes back stained dark. “It just never occurred to me to make that connection. Over time, I’d blurred my memory of your face.”
Tony sighed, but smiled, then pulled Steve down into his arms. He pressed a kiss to his forehead. “Well, I guess that’s alright then…” he whispered. “As long as I’m your Tony.”
"That's the one. Just get me whatever he normally orders."
"I - I - uh - I was a little
"Hey!" The voice got closer.
Tony drew him into a tight hug and pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Okay. Together."
Steve righted himself but didn’t shift away from Tony’s touch. “Nah. It’s amazing, but I think I’d better leave the flying to you.”
Steve’s heart started pounding when he realized he had absolutely no justification for dragging this out any longer and he pulled back with a sigh. He saw the moment Tony clicked it all into place, eyes flicking back and forth between Steve’s, still near dead weight in his arms. His mouth fell open in a small “o” and his eyes went wider and wider as Steve felt six months of feelings pour out of his expression, unstemmable.
"The power went out."
Bucky glowered at him. "What?"
The next day he was at BU, then back to MIT on Wednesday. He alternated his schedule each week so he did an hour and a half on two or three days for each school, and he tracked every hug he gave. He always felt a little more awkward at MIT, since he didn't know anyone there, but it also meant he didn't run into acquaintances from his own classes which had its own opportunities for awkwardness.
Tony shuffled closer. “You were trapped in ice for half a century,” he realized.
“You’ve been avoiding me,” Steve said as he walked in the kitchen.
and my head combined it with
“Honey, I love you, you know I do, and I think you’re gorgeous and incredible and perfect every day, but when you’re like this -”
“Good boys. Okay. Get to the hospital, give that saint of a girl a super-powered hand to hold on to.” Nat clapped them both on the shoulder. “You’re about to be parents!”
Steve whispered to him. He laid his enormous head in Tony’s lap and let Tony’s fingers curl around his ear.
Bucky counted to sixty in his head, wondering if it was a literal minute or if he was actually supposed to wait for someone to open the door. At fifty-six seconds, the door wrenched open to reveal a man holding a taxidermied fox.
The face plate popped open. There was no one inside the armour.
“You didn’t ruin it!” Tony insisted. Steve’s hand was warm and comforting in his, and well, if he got a second date out of it, Tabitha Fortis’ stupid hair didn’t seem quite so annoying anymore. “I’m glad you got to meet your Art Einstein, honestly. She seemed very cool.”
“Oh.” Tony stood still and silent while he considered his options for having the floor swallow him whole. Obviously, the best solution would have been to have originally made the floors out of nano tech that could be controlled the same way as his suit, but it was a little late for that. Maybe DUM-E could set something on fire and he’d be urgently needed elsewhere, but how to signal that to JARVIS?
“It’s a mix, Stevie.” Bucky sighed and slapped the spatula against the bowl. “Isn’t it supposed to be easy? Look the eggs will get beaten as we mix it.”
He was already sweaty so it didn’t matter that his brisk gallop down to the communal floor heated him up again. When he reached the living room door, he paused; there were voices inside, and Tony’s was one of them.
Steve snorted. Wow. Did this guy really think people were stupid enough to fall for that? He could sort of understand snagging an insta model's pic, but that was
Even worse, as Tony and his date slid into their seats, they swapped places, without realizing, so it was Steve seated next to the bad man and Tony on the other side.
G-Rated
He tried shifting his arms and banking to the left, and the suit turned, more sharply than he intended. His breath caught.
Steve woke to his ears popping and Tony’s startled shout. He jerked back as the man in his arms shuddered from head to foot and then sat up. Tony was back to former self, his
“Okay.” Steve hung in the doorway, heart pounding. This suddenly seemed like both the best and worst idea imaginable. There was nothing he wanted more than to spend a night with Tony, dancing, holding hands, but even with the excuse that he was trying to make it seem convincing, Steve was pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to make it through the night without giving his feelings away. “Okay,” he said again, stupidly. Then he turned on his heel and left.
“This is about Steve?”
Tony nipped his way along Steve's jaw until he could bury his face in his neck. He smelled like sex and sweat and
As the night went on, blankets came out and they all snuggled down to look at the washed-out stars and talk quietly. Steve got up to get a marshmallow out of the bag someone had brought up and the wild wind drew him towards the railing. He folded his arms over the edge and looked out over the rooftops.
Steve dug the tiny plastic shovel into the sand and frowned when the handle bent under the weight. It was a bit damp out still, probably too damp to be playing with Tony’s gardening tools, but after three days of summer storms, Steve had seized the first moment where it wasn’t actively raining to get Tony outside.
When the bad man arrived at the tower, he found the door locked. That wouldn’t do at all. He used his robot to pick the lock and bypass the AI that didn’t want to let him in. It just didn’t understand that this was about true love! The bad man wouldn’t let anything stand in his way.
“Two sugars,” Steve said, then he stilled, heart dropping down into his shoes. It took a moment for what he’d said to sink in, but he saw when it clicked and Tony looked up from his phone, brow twisted in confusion.
Steve/Tony
“Yes.”
Square: Undercover
-” Tony ground down on Steve’s face, pulling hard enough on the chains to make the hooks in the wall creak and groan along with him. He was sobbing now, begging wordlessly, and Steve didn’t relent, didn’t slow down, and didn’t touch Tony’s cock.
There's a section of the Metro called "Rush Hour Crush" where people can post their commute missed connections or passing fancies. Tony never thought one of them would end up being about him.
[12:24] Steve: Just tell me everything’s okay.
In the living room, Steve installed Anthony in the arm chair in the corner with a packet of goldfish crackers and all his toys, and he and Tony dragged the dining room chairs over and lined them up back to back with the back of the couch. They draped blankets over both, held taut by books on the seats of the chairs, until a tent formed underneath. Tony used his phone flashlight to collect every pillow in the apartment which was a rather shocking amount once Steve saw them all together.
Tony broke the surface of the water with a gasp. He flicked his hair back and tipped his face up to the sky, feeling the water droplets on his skin start to evaporate already in the baking, midday sun He ducked underwater again, pushing forward with strong strokes, and popped up again closer to shore.
"Oh god, Tony. What - what do you need? Do you have…?"
“Super hot,” Tony interrupted. “Jesus.”
Appendages: 5, 2 at 23ic, 2 at 31ic, and one at 5.5ic.
“God, you are so stubborn.” Steve hooked Tony’s waist and drew him into a deep kiss. “She is fine. There weren’t even any raccoons at the vet.” Steve kissed Tony again.
Tony wobbled a little against him, his shoulders twitching, and Steve peeled back and looked him in the face, frowning as he tried to see past the dark glasses. There was something more not-right about him than usual.
“Ten bucks says it wasn’t.”
"What if he needs stitches?" Tony tried to stand up with his arms full of Ant, but the weight threw him off balance and Steve had to catch him under the elbow and help him up. Ant continued to wail, great hitching sobs. He held his hand out in front of him, his fingers curling up protectively around the red gash across his palm.
Captain America breaking wouldn’t be pretty, might not be something he could come back from. But what could Tony do? He didn’t have anything to give. He didn’t have the answers, and he didn’t have the right words of comfort. He could hardly relate to being frozen for seventy years and waking up in a new world where everything was different and everyone was gone.
“Ah. Sorry.”
(Originally
Steve’s breath evaporated out of his lungs. “What.”
The magnanimous tush laughed in reply. “It’s okay. He’s really cute.”
Bucky sighed. "Yeah. Just embarrassed. In some ways, having people know will be easier, but my students are never going to let me live this down."
“They put me in cryo.” Now that he was talking, Steve could feel how parched his mouth and throat were, lined with dust. “Told me it was for two hundred years. I thought I’d lost you.”
"Ah, right. I just remembered. I said I'd help Darce run lines for the hair salon scene tonight. So… maybe another night."
Tony breathed in the Avengers Tower air with a smile. It had been too long. Way too long. He dropped his bags in the elevator, trusting JARVIS to get one of the bots to take them up to the penthouse, and got off at Steve’s floor. He was thirsty and starving and knew that if he didn’t unpack now, he’d just end up buying new clothes instead, but he’d been on a plane for what felt like thirty-six consecutive hours, and he hadn’t seen his boyfriend in better resolution than a five-inch StarkPhone screen in six weeks. So right now, more than anything, Tony needed two hundred and twenty pounds of supersoldier wrapped around him. Everything else could wait.
Steve traced a finger along the edge of Tony’s jaw, reactivating the burn of last night’s bite. “Memorizing you.”
“I - I’m really sorry,” Steve stuttered out.
So Tony shuffles down the alleyway, both hands pressed delicately over his delicates, until he hears a noise that makes him freeze. It’s a sort of rustle that could be a racoon or could be a police officer ready to drag Tony off to the pokey for public indecency, and while any long-term consequences won’t really be an issue here
The distant hum of machinery steered him to the south. He couldn’t tell if the fight was inside the castle or out, but maybe there’d be a way to sneak out unseen in the chaos. Then the hum shifted, changed; it - it sounded like repulsors. Was Tony’s tech being used all over the world now?
Steve’s face collapsed. “No, no, sweetheart. I’m so sorry. It wasn’t true. None of it was true. They were in my apartment, and I didn’t want them to know about you. I was here in town on an undercover mission. It was my first day, scouting things out, when you bumped into me at the market. I wasn’t supposed to meet you… I wasn’t supposed to fall in love. I’m so sorry. I put you in so much danger.” Steve crouched down and rested a hand on each of Tony’s knees. “I understand if you don’t ever want to see me again, but I need to know if you’re hurt. Did they hurt you?”
“No, I did. I just couldn’t deal with it at the time. I had to, you know, set it aside. For him.”
Tony burst out laughing, his fingers tightening on Steve’s sleeve, and Steve’s fingers curled closer around them. “Okay. Yeah, okay, that sounds really good.”
Challenge: None
"Kiss him, you punk,” Steve hissed out, both hands gripped tight on the back of the chair, up on his knees now, the blanket forgotten on the floor.
“Sweetheart…”
Steve's jaw went tight for a moment, but then he nodded with an easy smile. "Sure. Sounds great."
“Uh, we?”
Steve clicked the monitor off so the noise wouldn’t wake Tony and bent over the railing to lift Anthony into his arms. He was warm and soft in his flannel sleeper, the red and gold pattern of the Iron Man armour crisscrossing his little tummy. He settled in Steve’s arms with a happy gurgle, and Steve rescued his binky from the bottom of the crib, sucked it clean in his own mouth, then popped it in Anthony’s. The light was still weird…
"Oh." Anthony was still for a moment. "What is that?"
The party raged around them, cheers and shouts making a wall of sound that wrapped them in a private, little bubble.
Steve’s ears flushed pink. “I - uh - I thought this was a date? You and me. I’m sorry, I must have misunderstood.”
Steve huffed self-deprecatingly. “No… that would have been better.” He dug a cardboard tube out of his pocket and handed it to Tony. “Sorry.”
Square: End of the World
"Good." Tony rolled his eyes as he looked away. For an actor, Bucky was a terrible liar. Frustration welled up into anger, and for the first time, Tony snapped back. "You could have just told me you didn't want to come," he grumbled.
“Shit. Inside the tower?” Tony flipped the faceplate down and ran a full diagnostic of his air filtration system. If there was a contaminant in the tower, the others might have already been affected. He needed to take the time to be careful.
The tentacle deep in his ass found Tony's prostate again and
The shooting, he had down. The making out was a bit
"Steve, right. Sorry. I - uh?" Tony tilted his head to the side, and it took everything in Steve's power not to immolate on the spot from sheer humiliation. "Everything okay?"
Tony padded across the room to the huge walk-in closet, and rustled around for something soft and cozy. He settled on Steve’s sweatpants and the unicorn sweater Clint bought for Bucky. He found Steve’s running shoes by the laundry pile, and he picked those up and took them with him on the way out to the living room.
Steve eyed Tony up, clearly frustrated, then sighed. "Fine. I guess." He reached for the soup, and even the weight of the bowl in his hand made it shake. His brow furrowed.
He waved a hand dismissively, but Steve could see him smiling. “Anytime.”
Steve tried to smile. “Amazing.” He twisted his wand between his fingers. “You’ll catch the prince’s attention, no doubt.”
He unsheathed his fangs, begged for forgiveness from both God and Tony, then buried them in Tony’s neck. It took a long time for Tony’s blood to flow, and Steve swallowed it down eagerly. He’d been starving for so long, and even though the blood was cold and sluggish, it was sweet honey on his tongue, and he drank deep and greedily.
"I dunno. Look for a job? That's what I was doing."
"I like him well enough, but there’s no feelings there, for either of us. He’s a friend and he helps me feel less…”
It was pure, utter freedom, bright, exhilarating, and terrifying in the best possible way. Steve could see why Tony loved it, why the suit was part of him. He could feel the armour thrumming with the life Tony had given it, and as responsive and comfortable as it was, there was no doubt that Steve was a guest here. No one could fly Iron Man like Tony could.
"No, sorry, honey. It's too wet. We can wear your ladybug boots and stomp in puddles tomorrow."
Steve reached across Tony and lifted the flower case. He popped the top off. “May I?” Tony nodded, and Steve threaded the flower through his buttonhole then pinned it in place.
“Alright.” Steve managed to drag himself out of Tony’s bed and make the long trek up to his own apartment. He changed into his pjs while brushing his teeth, washed his face, then paused in front of his bed. Tony only had a light duvet on - maybe Steve should bring a heavier quilt of his own? But that would be weird. What if Tony took it as an insult? That his bed wasn’t good enough? It just seemed so… sparse.
“This was supposed to be a romantic, winter, cabin getaway.”
Tony blinked at him, mouth open, then took a sip of water to cover his confusion. “I don’t get it.”
“Thanks for the tip.” Bucky offered Steve a fist bump.
"Tony?"
Steve hasn’t had a lot of epic realizations in his life.
“Hi.”
Steve leaned down to help him with the cables. “He likes chocolate better than flowers,” Tony heard him say. “And he’s allergic to shrimp.”
“It’s nine-thirty.”
Steve cranked the heat all the way up and flicked his blinker on, waiting until traffic cleared to pull back out. The full blast of the heater blocked out any other sounds, so for the first few minutes, they travelled in silence, Steve sneaking glances at his new passenger whenever he could. “Steve,” he finally said, stretching his hand across the cab towards the hitchhiker.
7:39 PM: Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark stop talking and stand unusually close together
“It’s not your fault, Steve. You have the right to date, or booty call, anyone you want. And I don’t really dislike him. He just… he makes me seethingly jealous.”
“Peanuts?”
"Sorry to shout." The man caught up to him and came to a stop. He was
Steve winked. “I noticed you staring earlier.”
“Yes, sir?”
“Aunt Nat.”
Steve rumbled against Tony’s chest. “I’m all sweaty and gross.” But he didn’t move away.
“Shh, go back to sleep Tony,” Steve said softly.
Tony’s mouth tensed into a firm line. “It’s - I -” He sighed and set his tools down then ran a hand over his face. “There’s a broken piece, but this model is still the best of the lot. If I change it out entirely, I’ll have to modify the coupling too and… it’s a huge process. So, I really want to fix this one, but -” He cut off, and his brow creased. Steve longed to stroke it smooth again. “My hands are shaking too much,” Tony finally admitted quietly.
“Goodnight.”
“Yes, yeah of course it’s me. Steve? You’ve been gone for a week. We traced you here, along with Loki’s scepter and attacked the base. What happened?”
Steve snorted. “What?”
“Thank you. I’m Steve, by the way.”
"Okay, fine, it's Dad's law. And yes, blanket fort. To the linen closet!" Tony rummaged around on the coffee table until he found his phone. He turned on the flashlight and set off down the hall. Steve followed him closely, having no clue where his own phone was.
“Look, Mr. Stark -”
And Tony was sick of this dancing around. He grabbed Steve's shoulders and tugged him close angling in for a kiss, but pausing at the last minute to save the last inch for Steve to take. He took it without any more hesitation.
Steve had never told him how he felt.
“You… you want a painting?”
"Holy shit, you're smart."
He needed to go. He couldn’t handle seeing Tony return at midnight, bright-eyed and grinning, heart full of someone else’s love. Tony would be sad not to get to thank him, tell him all about the ball, but Steve had done his part.
“We don’t have any sleds… unless you brought them from your old place.”
“It’s my favourite. Probably because it’s one of the few that doesn’t make fun of me in some way, but it also might be because I really like gears. Just one thing I’d change, though.”
He looked up to give a wave to Clint in the pilot’s seat, letting him know they were good for takeoff, and he could see him holding back a smile.
"Really? Nothing? At least let me cover your cab fare."
Tony turned the box this way and that, dug through the paper, and ruffled through the bow’s elaborate curls, but there was no note, no card. Who was the fancy watch from?
“Nice,” Tony breathed.
Square: Evil Twin
"Oh, god, he’s home.”
“I’m sorry?”
Steve rolled his eyes in the way only a disgruntled Captain America could. "I told you my vacuum was just fine, Tony. How many things has that damn robot ruined now?"
“Yes?”
Steve sat on the other, shooting a nervous look to the spies. Clint shot him a thumbs-up, his phone out and presumably recording. Steve was pretty good at holding back his super strength, but sometimes it was still hard to judge what a regular human could take. He worked his elbow into a good spot then took Tony’s hand, tamping down the inevitable thrill of touching the other man.
Steve shot him a brilliant smile. “Nope!”
STB Bingo Square: "AU: Actor"
I seem to be a ficlet roll? I saw
Peggy and Bucky peeled off to go the two blocks to Peggy’s place and get their stuff - Bucky had stashed his there earlier - and Sam and Clint both lugged garment bags along with their backpacks. Steve had nothing but his only pair of dress shoes in a grocery bag that bumped against his leg as he walked.
Steve glanced back at Tony’s crotch. He was thrusting against nothing, in time with his movements down Steve’s cock now. Steve could imagine the barely-there, too soft and too rough friction of Tony’s underwear being all he got and a shiver ran down his spine. "You going to come on my cock, Tony? You’re going to, aren’t you? You filthy thing. You’re so hard from sucking me off, you’re not going to be able to stop yourself. Come on, Tony. Come for me. I want to see - ah - fuck -” Steve’s fingers twisted through Tony’s hair and held on, unable to stop bouncing him up and down on his cock at the perfect pace his body required. Tony went limp in his hold, letting himself be used, until Steve pushed him down to the base and cried out as he shot come down Tony’s throat, wave after wave, the race forgotten.
“I’ll bring you in for a landing.”
He groaned against Tony's lips as the creatures slotted their bodies together. Tony was hot and slick and clenched tight around Steve's cock, a little wider than the tentacle that had been buried there before. "Oh god, Tony you feel so good," Steve whined, the tentacles pushing on his hips until he was buried up to the base.
“You alright?” he tried, and she ran a stiff hand through her hair and sat down hard on the bed.
Steve pursed his lips, biting down on his tongue. He couldn’t say it.
[11:36] Tony: One sec…
"Yes, sir."
Natasha snuggled closer. “Happy birthday, Tony.”
but only Steve could hear it. He hoped he wasn’t blushing.
“Yeah. I went back actually, for a few more degrees, just for fun.” Tony winced - bragging: not good.
"What about Captain America, then? Is he on your list?" one of them asked.
“Sorry.” Steve slid back down in his chair until he was just peeking over the edge.
“Someone has to,” Tony replied with a cheeky smirk of his own. “I’m sure Steve and I can find a way to… pass the time…”
“Of course.”
Cooper let out another grunting wheeze, and Tony rolled out of bed. Talking to Steve was still better than lying here and listening to that.
The tentacle in his mouth backed off again, and Tony met Steve's eyes. "I'm sorry," he gasped out. He wanted to stop, he wanted to
There was an intensity in his eyes that gave Steve pause, and he left his eyes trained on the man for a long time, trying to determine what the focus of his intent gaze was, but he found no answers. Steve's fingers itched to pull out his notebook and record the man's likeness, but in a place like this, "taking notes" wouldn't look too good.
He didn’t fucking need him. But goddamn it, did he ever want him.
Tony’d had this fantasy one too many times not to just melt into the touch and open to the kiss, letting it sink deeper. But when Steve’s tongue darted out, Tony was reminded of seeing Mark do the same, and he jerked back with a yelp, shoving hard at Steve’s chest.
The man who belonged to the butt bent low as the volleyball cut through the air towards him and he stepped forward - flexing every glute in the tristate area - to smack it back up in a perfect set to his teammate. Tony watched the arch of the ball then cut his gaze back to find that bountiful ass, currently being chewed on by a puppy.
Steve shifted him in his arms, chuckling at Tony’s put-out expression. Steve wasn’t exactly a dog person, but he wasn’t
undercooked. It probably would have killed you.”
He rolled his hips faster now, pushing breathy gasps out of Tony's throat that shot straight to his cock. They were both building, tentacles surrounding every inch of them. A firm slick tentacle massaged Steve prostate from behind, stretching his hole around its length, other tendrils curled around his throat, his fingers, his ankles, stroking, pressing, teasing, and the mass of them kept the two body cocooned in a soft, undulating nest, free-floating in the lack of gravity.
“And the best fortune cookies.”
Bucky startled up from where he'd been hunched over his laptop, poking at a journal article. He stared at his husband, perplexed. "What?"
“The baby owls are pretty cute though, aren’t they?”
They were both notoriously bad at figuring their shit out.
Ferret's Bday Bingo - "Love Confession"
"Yes?"
"Shut up." Bucky grinned at him.
“Good idea.” Steve swallowed when Bucky’s shoulders flexed. “Practice…”
“Yup. And first fight as husbands.” Steve grinned up at Tony and earned a kiss on the tip of his nose. “First orgasms…” he teased. “First broken pie plate.”
need to -"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Me too. I trust you,” Tony repeated. He shuffled across the seat and landed a hot hand on Steve’s thigh. Steve swore under his breath and rolled his hips up towards Tony’s touch. Tony made short work of his zipper and ran teasing fingertips up the bulge of his boxers, making Steve’s cock jump and twitch. He tried to focus on the road as it flew by, but Tony’s fingers working the button of his boxers open was incredibly distracting.
Universe: Ultimates
This was ridiculous. If he wanted to talk to Steve so badly that he was hallucinating, he should just go for it, other sleepers be damned.
“What do you think he sees?”
"Well, then I feel like he won't want to date you since he knows we're ultimately a package deal. Just
"You know what I really think." Steve stomped past the couch to his bedroom and slammed the door behind him. It didn't really make him feel any better. He sat on the edge of his bed and used his foot to pull out the basket underneath. Charcoals, pencils, paper. It was all a waste. Everything Steve had put into this stupid dream was a waste. He could have spent that money on food, on rent.
So he thought nothing of opening the basket and taking a bite of a luscious chocolate bar. It was so good, he couldn’t bear to keep it all for himself. Tony picked up the basket and carried it upstairs to where his teammates were gathered in the living room.
Rating: T
“Sorry,” she whispered. “Bruce is sharing with Fury, and we don’t want to talk in the hall. Is it alright if we talk in here. It won’t be too long.”
He took the elevator down to the lab, preparing himself for the potential disappointment that Tony would be deep in work calls and he'd have to leave the food outside the door so as not to disturb him. But when the elevator doors slid open, Steve could see immediately that the lab was dark and empty. His heart dropped into his shoes and he hovered stupidly in the elevator doorway, trying to process the entire lack of a working Tony. That meant he'd either forgotten his plans with Steve or chose to ignore them.
Tony wanted to end this in one fell swoop, to send everyone home from the frontlines. Steve didn’t know if that was possible for him anymore. But what Tony didn’t know, was how badly Steve wanted to try. It wasn’t as easy as programming a new computer. This freedom, this end, it was going to be hard fought. It was going to come at a cost. It always came at a cost.
He knew he shouldn’t be mad at the guy who’d done what he couldn’t, and he knew he shouldn’t be mad at Steve for not seeing what had been right in front of him all along, but he couldn’t help it. Those feelings welled up anyway, and he was afraid of how they might come out. He’d never left movie night before - he wondered if Steve would even notice he was gone, even care - but he couldn’t sit there and pretend he was okay when he really wasn’t.
"Yeah…" He sipped his coffee.
“It’s that or Monopoly.”
“Alright, darling.” Tony let the fantasy have him.
"It seems that, uh, the drug hasn't quite worn off for the regular human here.
“You asked me to. When we first got together, in that restaurant, what, three months ago? You said, 'I’m going to panic the first time we fight and try to break up with you, just a warning.’ and I said, 'I won’t let you.’” Steve shrugged. “I figured three days was enough time to cool off a bit and be sure you really meant it.” He wound their fingers together. “So, yes. If, now, after some time to think about it, you still want to break up with me, then okay. But if it was just the heat of the moment… can we talk it out, instead?”
“This,” Tony gasped, “was such a good idea.”
Challenge: New to Me
From: c.everhart@whih.com
The next morning, Steve woke before the sun, as he often did, and when he came downstairs for his breakfast, the kitchen was clean once more and the coffeemaker was back in once piece, gleaming and happy. There was a sticky note on it that read:
James Buchanan Barnes was standing in the kitchen, dirty pans, bowls, and spatulas dotting the countertops, completely covered, head to foot, in flour.
Tony gives himself a careful once over, but it seems that all he’s suffered are some bruises and superficial cuts. There’s blood on his thigh, but it appears to be someone else’s and the rest is mostly dirt. It’s starting to be tiresome, being naked and in the wrong century, and his sympathy for Steve twinges. Steve had gone seventy years forward and for him there would be no going back. He didn’t just have to kill an hour or two in the wrong time (three at the most - come on Bruce), but even after only forty minutes here, Tony’s feeling homesick.
It’s too early for anyone to be awake.”
Steve turned to Tony in desperation.
Him.”
Tony repeated. "During your afternoon lecture?" he prompted. "Something happened?"
Tony blinked his eyes rapidly to keep tears from blurring his vision. It was so hard to hold off when pleasure was flushing through every nerve in his body, but he was making Steve happy. Nothing could touch that. He’d never come again if it made Steve happy.
“I like muffins.”
The man shook his head, raising his hands. "No, it's fine. I'm fine. Just glad you've been reunited with it." There was something bright and interested shining in his eyes, and it made Tony take a step closer. Fuck but he was gorgeous.
"Okay." Tony brightened a little. "Thank you."
They held each other for a long time, basking in the happy glow of their bond, but when tears threatened the back of Tony’s eyes again, he pulled back with a sniff. “Uh… I’ve got another two hours of work to get through,” he said, clearing his throat. He gestured towards his face, no doubt pink and blotchy already, and Steve laughed.
“…Bruce?”
"Alright." Steve had the audacity to look disappointed after slamming Tony into the mats more times than he could count. He turned away to cross the gym towards his water bottle then, once he had it in hand, turned back and sort of froze, staring awkwardly at Tony.
“Fine, give it here.”
The tentacle connecting them alternated between sounding his cock and rubbing a nub up against Tony's prostate, a roiling, regular rhythm that had them both grasping for release again. Tony smelled like sweat and heat and want, and Steve kissed his way down his jaw before burying his nose in his neck to breathe him in.
Square: Alien Invasion
“Yes.”
"So…" Tony stared at their joined hands. What had seemed impossible five hours ago suddenly seemed like the only way forward. "We still on for Greek? I mean, I need another shower. And about forty hours of sleep. And maybe some Gatorade, but I'd still like to. Go out that is." Tony held his breath and Steve's hand with equal desperation.
“Right. Of course not.”
"Yeah."
This was not what Steve had expected when he’d joined the Space Rangers. The recruitment posters had all been about solving Plinium robberies and checking haul papers. But as he and his partner, Tony, approached the abandoned-looking ship that had been called in as suspicious, his heart was in his throat. There was an ominous quietness about it that pumped hot adrenaline through his veins.
“My soulmate is… a dog,” he said flatly.
Steve's eyes were just drifting shut, the call of a nap on this lazy Sunday afternoon too strong to resist, when a soft strain of music wafted through the door, as if carried in on a slight breeze.
the nice, funny, sweet, caring, generous guy I thought you were, plus you’re Captain America, who saves the world on the regular. What more could a guy want in a boyfriend?”
"Have a nice night, gentlemen," Thor said, eyes twinkling.
“Must be my amazing influence then.”
"And I'll take that." Clint grabbed the dog.
"I know." Steve gripped Tony's shoulder. "I'll be okay. I can do this."
“Really?”
Tony choked and gasped around Steve’s cock, spilling more drool over his balls, but the clenching of his muscles and his frantic squirming against the lack of oxygen only added to Steve’s horrified pleasure. There was a minute shift, and Tony stilled, able to breathe again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What?"
Steve. “Steve,” he breathes. “Deja vu.”
was bright and cheerful, like a door had just been opened to reveal a beautiful sunny meadow on a lazy Sunday afternoon. “Oh. Well, in that case. Maybe we can go back to the store and I’ll get you the coffee beans and then we can, uh, get lunch? Together?”
Tony knew. They’d won the bet, but now Tony knew how he felt and he wouldn’t be able to take it back. Steve turned on his heel and fled, pushing out the back doors of the gym and out towards the football field.
“I was… for a while. Then I started calibrating the centrifuge and I kind of… checked out. Sorry, Tony.”
Steve's eyes narrowed. "I've never accused you of that."
Thanks Rise, Kitty, Places, and anyone else in chat who was in there poking around. You guys are the best!
“Nuh…” Tony was drifting off again. “Don’t have any… we’ll have to use your shield.” He giggled.
He peeked around the door frame and almost immediately, Tony’s eyes snapped up like they were magnetic and met his. There was a long moment where they just stared, then Tony said something to Clint and stepped away from the group, approaching Steve.
"You scared the everloving crap out of me today, you know that? What the hell are you doing going after Frost? She'll kick your ass. And she won't be able to help you any more than Shuri can. For fucks sake, Steve. If you don't manage to kill yourself, I'll kill you when you come home for giving me a fucking heart attack………… If you ever come home.
The only thing that didn't fit the smooth, unbroken lines of the space were small, black, glass domes dotting the room at regular intervals. They reminded Tony of security cameras, their smooth, dark surfaces too much like eyes, and he wondered if the thing was filming this. Or if there were more creatures, watching. But watching what?
A churning mix of four different kinds of guilt nodded Steve's head. "One song. And if we get arrested, you're never living it down, bud."
This is for my bday prompt party, for anon who wanted Tony travelling back to the 1940s. Naked. Thanks for the prompt anon!
This is a recording of a live fic reading I did on the PotS server. Thank you to Sim, fan, ashes, snarkystarky, Calpuriel, and Won (and anyone who popped in and out and I didn't see!) for listening! This is an unedited live read, so apologies for any stumbles or sounds of dog's shaking in the background! :D
“Tony, wake up.”
Tony sighed. “Look, I’m sorry I had to kiss your ex for the mission. If there was tongue, it was entirely professional.”
Tony sat down beside him. "You know," he said softly, "it's okay to need help."
“For you, sir,” he said, bending into a bow and extending the platter to Tony.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Tony waved everyone off. “You guys go have fun.”
For Starkbucks bingo
Tony looked genuinely hurt, wilting like an unwatered flower. "I wasn't…"
"Oh… I meant…"
Tony entered Steve’s room with trepidation. As much as he wanted them to sleep side-by-side, last time they’d tried, it hadn’t gone very well. Steve had seemed happy at first, but as the day had worn on, it had become clearer and clearer that he hadn’t slept at all. Tony had pushed, and Steve had admitted that Tony’s sleeptalking had kept him awake.
Boldly, he reached out and gave Tony's wrist a gentle squeeze. "I'm sorry. I've had a lot longer to adjust to the idea. I was a mess when the first one came back positive."
Steve shook his head and sighed. “I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“So what do you do to pass the time?” Tony asked, tugging his sleeves over his hands and twisting the fabric between his fingers.
“In fact…” Tony added. He ground up against Steve’s thigh to show just how into it he was.
Steve let go of Tony’s hand to bring his fingers to his chin, tip it up until their eyes met. “We will be,” he said firmly, and something in Tony settled.
“I don’t care what we do,” Steve whispers, under the jeers and catcalls of their whooping teammates, “as long as we do it together.”
If Tony’s intention was simply to distract Steve, he was deeply dedicated to the task. He teased Steve’s mouth open with his tongue and licked inside, pushing the kiss deep and dirty immediately. Surprise and pleasure hummed their way through Steve, drowning out everything else until all he knew was Tony’s mouth. Tony kissed like a drowning man searching for air, and it was all Steve could do not to climb over the table and find it for him. He was hot and insistent, eager and driving, and it was everything Steve had ever wanted.
When the rushing in his ears subsided enough that he could hear again, he picked out Steve's gentle shushing, the scratch of his stubble soothingly grounding against Tony's cheek. The tentacle sounding his cock had drawn back to let him come again - and he had to have been an absolutely filthy mess at that point - but it slithered its way back in, and Tony shuddered. It must have been pushing into him for ages, but every thrust still felt like the first time.
“Wow… Tony.” Steve stepped forward, catching Tony around his waist. He nodded, heart burning with so much love it might crack. “It’s worth it, for you.” He ducked down and caught Tony in a passionate kiss, pouring in everything he’d been holding back over the last month. When they parted, Steve caught his wand between his hands. “I love you too,” he said, and he snapped it in half. Tony’s fancy clothes blew away in the wind, leaving his old rags behind and taking Steve’s wings with them.
If Steve had gone to get a drink, Tony could meet him downstairs. The house was chilly, and Tony only had his back-up t-shirt and some sweatpants of Clint’s on, but he didn’t want to go all the way back into his room for a sweater and, yet again, risk waking Cooper. The floorboards creaked ominously underfoot, surely much louder to Tony than they were to anyone else.
An echo of the musty tang of the gym mats from their sparring earlier took Tony back what felt like years. Then the tentacle wrapped around Steve's cock, deep inside Tony, curled its tip against his prostate and all rational thought collapsed in the face of another bone-shattering orgasm.
Steve and Tony shared a look then launched themselves at Bucky, who screeched and took off for the bedroom, laughing himself silly, both men in close pursuit.
"Tony, actually." He held a hand out, twisting awkwardly to reach over the seat backs between them.
Maybe they were teasing their way around Tony’s cock, or even pushing inside him, exploring his insides. Was Tony on the edge of orgasm too? Part of Steve wanted it and part of him hated that it even crossed his mind. He tried to struggle again, to reach for his comm unit, or even reach for Tony - the smallest touch would be a comfort right now - but the tentacles might as well have been solid steel for all that Steve could move them.
Tags: Flirting, Injured Tony, Established Relationship, Secret Relationship, Fluff
“Thanks for letting him play with her.” Steve looked down, and the dog had rolled onto her back, her feet hanging limply in the air while Tony cackled wildly and grabbed at her jowls. “Hey, Mike? I’d appreciate it if you’d keep it to yourself that I’m watching my nephew. I wouldn't want to draw any unwanted attention.” He gave Mike a stern look.
“First painting as homeowners!” Tony’s fingers drew random circles on the outside of Steve’s shoulder. “Rowdy did his first pee on his very own grass.”
Tags: Genderswap - Toni/Steph, Ultimates, Explicit, BDSM, Dom Toni, Sub Steph, Unsolicited Graphic Texts (ie a hint of dubcon), Hopeful/Ambiguous Ending
“You sure you’re okay, Tony?”
Tony shook his head, but he was smiling too. He stretched out his hands then closed his eyes and set his fingers on the keys again. The music flowed once more, quickly filling the room until it was all Steve inhaled with every breath.
Steve was still smiling. “I can never remember what fork I’m supposed to use either. Let’s eat all of dinner tonight with just our dessert spoons.”
"What?" Steve startled backwards and the puppy saw her chance. She leaped through the open door and landed square in the middle of Steve's chest, knocking him backwards in surprise. "What the -" He looked down at the puppy in his arms, then the staff fired again, the magic hitting Steve square in the face. There was a popping sound, then he landed on his suddenly much smaller butt in the hallway, the puppy in his arms.
“I don’t even want to know what conversation you managed to fit into the -” Steve checked his watch “- six minutes I was gone that led to this.” He tossed the mail on the table and crossed the room to stand next to Tony’s chair. Bucky winked and stood up again, which left Tony’s lap free, so Steve sat on the arm of the chair and snuggled one hand under the hem of Tony’s shirt.
"Free hugs, huh?" The kid adjusted one of his many bags. He looked equal parts exhausted and incredulous.
"The entire department thinks you're cheating on me, sweetheart."
"What if it makes things awkward?"
“Of course,” Tony said softly, and Steve started stroking his fingers up and down his spine.
Between Avengers obligations and a disinclination on both their parts to risk another bad night, it was two weeks before they went to bed together again. After a lovely date, and an even lovelier post-date back at Tony’s place, Steve was too exhausted to find his way up to his room. Hand in hand, sweaty and sated, they drifted off to sleep together.
“Good evening, gentlemen!” Tony tries, grinning broadly. He lowers his hands back over his dignity. “Nice night for a stroll.”
He set Tony back on his feet and stepped back. Justin and Brock were gone and there was a fifty dollar bill on the table next to Steve’s phone. He swallowed hard, tried to speak, couldn’t.
The lab was dusty and decrepit. One wall had collapsed, machinery and supplies smashed across the floor among the brick dust. It looked like it had been partially destroyed and abandoned.
“Don’t worry,” Tony said, smiling over Bucky’s shoulder and running his hand down his thigh. “It’s a very exclusive strip club.”
Natasha’s sweater was tossed over the back of a chair, Bruce’s magazines covered the end table, Clint’s shoes had been kicked off in the hall, and Thor had left Mjolnir hanging on a coat hook by the elevator.
(Originally
“Needs more red.”
Tags: Silly, Nonsense, You Can See Tony's Crush from Outer Space
“Whoa!” Two strong arms caught his hips and settled him back on the creaking ladder. “Move the ladder, Steve. Please don’t christen our brand new house, only seven hours in, with a gaping head wound.”
It was all Steve could do not to burst into tears. He stood there for a long time, staring at the candy, fighting back the way his stomach was trying to crawl up his throat and choke him. He couldn’t do this. Clutching the chocolate, he turned on his heel and made for the stairs.
And Steve could see the story playing out in the music, the notes flirting and dancing, spinning around each other as it built and built. The sweet melody from earlier grew stronger and stronger until it overtook all the others, and Steve’s heart swelled with the emotion carried in every note.
Steve disappeared, and Tony hit the cold, stone floor alone, shaking.
Maybe Tony was getting a little bit more, after all.
"Well, I heartily disagree with that, but we've got nine months to figure it out, if you're interested."
Steve shrugged. "You know how I feel about it."
It was well after three in the morning when he realized he just had page after page of one stranger's eyes - and even then, none of them were exactly what he'd seen.
Tags: Flirting, Superhearing, Power's Out, Eavesdropping, Sexual Content, Background Thor/Jane, Background Natasha/Bruce, Background Clint/Coulson
It crashed into Bucky’s chest, and everything broke into chaos. Both men dove for cover, frantically scrambling for handfuls of snow, gloves immediately turning white. Snowballs flew across the space, churning up the serene landscape Steve had been enjoying and he watched with a wide smile, unable to hold back the joy and relief of seeing two people he cared so much about finding their way with each other.  Because, well, this was them finding their way with each other, even if Tony was hollering visible profanities across the snow-covered lawn, and Bucky was stockpiling snowballs with an aggressive glint in his eye.
“Steve.”
Tony’s chest tightened painfully. “I have absolutely no idea what you mean.” He spun her out then back in again.
“Sit. I will feed you, my lord. If only because I prefer not to burn the tower down."
“Ready?” Nat asked. They both nodded. “Go!”
The hitchhiker shoved his duffle bag into the footwell and climbed up after it. “Thanks.”
Tony slammed backwards into the wall, and even through the Iron Man armour, pain reverberated through his body. He was running out of tricks. The receptionist’s guns had been decommissioned by Deathlok’s power. Tryp and Madrox were long gone. As was so often the case, it was just the two of them left.
The door opened and Bucky peeked inside. "Still raring for a fight?"
“Fuck you.”
(Originally
Happy Ults day everyone!
"Oh, no. You dropped this." The man produced Tony's wallet.
“I’m awful. I mean, that’s what everyone says. Rightfully so! I’m loud and I babble and I don’t make any sense and I talk out of turn and I can never remember what I’m supposed to say or where I’m supposed to sit or what fork I’m supposed to use.”
Steve didn’t look any happier. “Are you okay? Is there anything I can do? Why - why do you not want to be around me…? If there’s something I’m doing that bothers you, I can stop.”
(Originally
"I'm coming back," Steve said firmly. He sucked in a sharp breath, his whole body tensing, then he leaned forward and pressed his lips lightly to Tony's.  "I'm coming back."
There’ve been a few, of course - like realizing that he’d woken up in a new century - and many small ones - the realization that his muscle memory for where most light switches would be was suddenly several inches off - but nothing quite like this one.
Tony & Nat
He wasn’t dead, but he was close.
Tags: Silly, cute, get together, first kiss, romance
“I know. I know. I just -
“And I still think we did the eggs wrong.”
“No. I was just saying that. Come on, I’ve almost got it.”
Tony nodded. "Valid. I need it to tape the batteries into the remote. The roomba ate the back cover and it won't click on anymore."
Tags: Post-CW, Infinity War, The Phone, Hurt/Comfort, Angst, Protective Steve Rogers, Hopeful Ending
"[Spanish] He's just so strong and handsome and smart… I have this idea that if we ever met, I'd show him how smart I am and maybe he'd like me."
“I don’t know what I need,” Bucky whined mournfully. “Just hose down the whole apartment, I guess, me in it.”
This is hitting the news cycle tomorrow. I… am so sorry. I was a kid and I thought you were the coolest. Somehow it's still alive on the server. It's about to be all over the internet.
"Huh?"
"I know." Tony smirked. He looked down at his phone and read, "Steve, twenty-eight, artist, loves dogs, hates bullies, works out, thinks he wears a size small and a half despite having pecs that could power a small nation."
Thank you for the prompt - hope you like it! <3
They rocked together, Steve's thrusts becoming more and more desperate, as time lost all meaning and Tony's body lost all control. He couldn't fight anymore, couldn't speak, couldn't move; all he could do was hold on and keen for more, more, more.
Steve went back to his own room and crawled into bed beside Natasha. She slept, but he knew he wouldn’t.
"Well, apparently, you're going to be on your ass for at least twenty-four hours, and the truth is, we don't know what the side effects will be like. So. I'm here to look after you."
“They won’t follow us,” Steve says, wiping his face again, even more ineffectually.
“I… I was vandalizing your building.”
Steve leaned forward to ask her what was wrong, but Tony was there a second sooner, grabbing Nat’s wrist and pulling it into the light. He popped open the casing, poking wires and muttering to himself without bothering to take it off her arm.
“Are you going to give up?” Steve asked, after they’d lain there in silence for a while.
The hallway was empty.
"I'm glad to see you happy, sir," he said, softly.
“I can’t take the suit off,” Tony pointed out.
“Huh.” Tony was already setting off for the elevators. The roof… Steve never used to spend time on the roof, but okay, if that was where he was, Tony would go. The doors started to close. “Wait! What’s the B-team?” But Natasha disappeared behind the closing doors before she could answer.
“I don’t have a boyfriend.”
“I was also thinking, you know, Sam’s a great roommate, but you could probably use some help so I was wondering if… well, I thought maybe I could be your roommate? Just till you feel better?”
"Come with me tonight."
Tony startled up to see the very real, present Steve standing in the doorway to the study, a tablet held in his hand. "Oh shit," Tony jerked forward and nearly slid out of his chair. He started slapping wildly at the keyboard, trying to get J to shut up.
“Oh.” Steve’s entire being collapsed down into itself, making him look more like the half-Steve he was before the serum than Captain America.
“I -” Steve said, and it was more a squeak than a word “- wasn’t asking… you out? Was I?”
The next few were a mix of soft yesses and hard nos, and still no messages from anyone.
Tags: Time Loop, Post-Time Loop Stress Disorder, Recovery, Support, Hopeful Ending
It was the long way home, sure, but it was worth it. Tony turned the corner and jogged across the street, making a beeline for a warm, cheery window halfway down the next block. Okay, so maybe it wasn’t on the way home, exactly. Maybe Tony was supposed to turn north at the last corner, not south. But, really, it was worth it.
There was something playful and kind and - dare he say - flirty? about the guy’s voice, so Tony took a deep breath and a chance. “Coffee?”
“And you’re already done school?”
The rest of them were quiet, obviously walking wounded, and Tony didn’t even have to ask to know what they’d seen. Clint was fine, he hadn’t been hit, but Nat had a darkness in her eyes that Tony had never seen before, and Bruce - well, Bruce was barely talking at all.
Steve brushed an errant tear from Tony’s cheek then eased him down onto his back on the bed. Tony almost cried out around the gag with relief when two fingers pressed against the rim of his hole. Finding him still well-prepped from earlier, Steve let Tony’s cock go so it throbbed insistently against his stomach, and hooked both of Tony’s thighs to pull him up into his lap, shoulders resting back on the mattress.
"Oh?" Mr. Stark didn't look up from his soldering.
The bow came off, followed by the paper, and Tony pulled a smaller box out of the bigger box. He snapped the box open and found a shiny, gold watch inside. It was a beautiful watch, ornately decorated with little stars picked out in silver and twinkling precious gems. Tony turned the watch back and forth in his hands, admiring the pretty surface. The stars made him think of someone - someone he thought of often.
"You feel so good," Tony moaned, so softly that Steve wasn't sure he was supposed to hear it.
“You got these for me,” Steve husked out.
Steve snorted. “Only if you try and bogart our date night.”
Steve screeched to a halt at the end of the hall.
Tony was quiet for a long time, basking in Steve’s presence. “I’m so fucking scared,” he finally admitted, and he felt Steve’s arm tightened around him. He reached across Steve’s lap and wound their fingers together.
Bruce shrugged. “I think he went to get a drink? He said he’d give us privacy for a bit. We have some things to talk about.”
Rated: T
The snowball slammed into the side of Tony’s head with perfect accuracy, and Tony threw his hands up over his head and stumbled sideways into the snow. He came up spluttering, scraping snow out of his jacket collar. He started yelling across the yard, and Bucky merely threw his arms in the air then crossed them, managing to shrug at the same time.
A few hundred miles later, Tony had finished stripping off most of his layers, down to just jeans and his soft-looking sweater. He had held his hands in front of the vent for a few minutes, rubbing them together and bouncing slightly, but once the angry red chill had faded from his skin, he snuggled down in his seat, one foot up on the curve of the door, and stared out the window.
Still, all things considered, this wasn't the way he would have chosen it to happen. Oh, well.
need you.”
“I probably just horribly broke the space time continuum or something,” Tony manages, holding back a squeak at the way Steve’s uniform is rubbing against his bare skin.
Tony couldn’t drink, but he didn’t need to. Steve’s infected blood slid down his throat without resistance. When Steve was sure there was enough of it flooding his system, he wiped his wrist in the snow and curled Tony tightly against his chest. It would only be an hour or so before the virus would take hold and Tony would wake again to find himself dead.
Hey asshole,
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Steve remembered what it felt like to die; maybe it wouldn’t be the same for Tony. Maybe he had so much ice in his veins already that he wouldn’t be able to feel this, too deep into unconsciousness to register anything happening on the physical plane. That was probably all for the best.
"Oh, Tony. I'll give you a fuck load more than a chance. I'm all the way in."
They moaned together as Steve rocked back until the head of his cock caught on Tony’s rim then pushed forward again. It was on that edge of too much, making Tony feel stretched wide and fucked deep. The stiff leather of the armour rubbed against Tony’s thighs and ass and the contrast between that and the slick, easy slide of Steve’s cock was head spinning.
“No, no, no. I can’t ask you to do that.”
The sound of a string quartet warming up broke the soft, small bubble that had wrapped around them. “I think they’re ready for us,” Steve said. “But if there’s anything else you’re worried about, I’ll make them wait until you’re one hundred percent sure you want to go out there.”
Heat pressed up against his side.
“He’s not breathing!” A blond man with hair wild, out of breath, and terrified, launched himself through the double doors of the ER. “My son’s not breathing. Please help me!”
Yumi_Eleven and willidothefandango teamed up to add this awesome prompt to the MCU discord prompt feed (no doubt inspired by RDJ's recent umbrella post), and I needed a ficlet to flex my creative muscles, so I wrote it up for them! Thanks for the prompt <3 I'm not really sure when this is set, I think it works in a couple different ways, so go with whatever you want!
"Tony - he's bleeding," Steve said like he was cursing. "He's bleeding. Tony. He's bleeding."
“Captain Rogers,” Greg replied, as if Steve’s appearance at his own table was a surprise. “How are you enjoying yourself?”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
There was a guy, who had apparently been tasked with changing the window display each day. With each new art medium, the guy took down the old display and put up a new one, featuring a selection of art using that medium. Tony hoped he was the artist - each one had the same SR scrawled in the corner - but even if he wasn’t, he was hot as shit, and Tony had struggled to pull his gaze away that first night.
The argument continues around him, but Steve’s not listening to the words now, he’s just staring at Tony.
“I’ll spin you around so hard your pants will fly off,” Tony muttered, breathlessly.
“No, no, that’s okay. I want you to be comfortable here.” Tony crawled in bed and pressed up against Steve. “Mmm, warm.” He kissed him soundly then rested his head on Steve’s chest. Steve wrapped an arm around him and tugged him closer.
“God, this is really nice, Tony. Thank you.” He’d never slept with someone like this, safe and easy and loving.
“Did Clint put you up to this?” Tony looked around, eyes narrowed.
"Don't be an idiot. You don't have to apologize to me. I was drugged too. I get it." Tony waited until Steve's gaze met his. He held it firmly. "As sad as I am that you had to go through that experience too, I'm glad it was you there. You make me feel safe."
"Little bit. After all, you were the one who thought it'd be 'distracting' if we told anyone at the school we were poly, and yet you're the one who can't make it through a single semester without booty calling your boyfriend on video tape."
“Tony!”
Tony eyed him up. “You seem way too wound up to be anything but clean.”
“Steve. Yes, really. Please go on a date with me. Come over for dinner tomorrow night and we can get to know each other and you can explain that one mural you did by the Brooklyn Bridge, because I don’t get it.”
Tags: Pre-Slash, Evil Greg
Tony was clever and beautiful and funny and incredibly kind. He thought little of himself, but everything of everyone else. He was exactly the kind of good soul who deserved a fairy’s blessing. And Steve knew he didn’t deserve anything in return, but oh, did he want. He wanted Tony’s touches, Tony’s smiles, Tony’s heart.
JARVIS’s emergency alarm cut through Tony’s music, flushing hot adrenaline through his veins. He jerked upright, having slid nearly flat in his chair while he thought. “What is it?” He was halfway to the armour before he’d even asked his legs to move.
Steve looked down at the two plates of food. Of course, with Tony, nothing was ever easy.
Steve gave Tony a look. "We've been commanded. Hold on, I'll grab a book. Maybe we can transition this right into bedtime." Steve checked the shelf, but it was too dark to tell what most of the titles were, so Steve grabbed one of the few he could recognize by touch and headed back for the fort. It was a tight fit - two grown men shoved up under the low blanket. Steve's head acted as a centre pole, peaking the middle of the sheet. Anthony clicked on Glow Duck, still working on the last of his goldfish, and Steve opened the book.
“Uh, Mr. Stark -” Steve started, not sure what he was going to say. Mr. Stark wasn’t reaching for his phone to call the police, but Steve also didn’t know how long he’d been standing there - damn his shitty hearing and this was exactly why he usually made Bucky go along as his lookout - maybe he’d already called and they were on their way.
He’d always talked in his sleep, but it rarely bothered people, especially since he didn’t usually start until several hours into the night and his bed partners were deeply asleep enough by then that they didn’t notice. But it seemed Steve’s super-hearing had a downside, and this was it.
To: tony.stark@starkindustries.com
“Um.” Steve debated running, but although Mr. Stark appeared to be leaning casually against the brick wall opposite, there was still a tension in his frame that suggested he could move quickly. He was between Steve and the exit of the alley, and Steve’s asthma meant he could easily be outstripped.
“I don’t think anyone who tried to run away to join a circus
"So you'll give us a chance?" Tony asked, catching his lip between his teeth and biting down to hold back a sudden wave of anxiety.
“Hi,” Tony managed, and the rest of the man appeared.
Steve beamed. “Clint showed me this video about rooftop beekeeping and it looked so amazing. You told me I could put whatever I wanted on that credit card, so I ordered some stuff, got the bees all set up and grew them some food.” He gestured towards the plants and shuffled a little on his heels. “You know… I wanted it to be a surprise, but now I feel like I really should have asked you if it was okay.”
The doors opened and they stumbled out, wrapped around each other, giggling. Tony swiped their keycard to open the door, and Steve caught him around the waist and hauled him into the suite, dodging his kicking legs, and dissolving into uncontrollable laughter. It was a beautiful room, but neither of them was looking at the scenery.
The suit sprung open, and Steve ran his hands over Tony’s body carefully, looking for injury. As he gently squeezed Tony’s wrist, his eyes fluttered open. “Hey, Cap. What happened?”
"Wow. I'm so sorry, Tony, that's awful. Surely you can just take a few days off?"
“Hey! No backing out now.” Tony pulled out a small card table and settled on one side, arm up, hand open.
“We used to have
Thor looked across the room to where Tony and Steve were sprawled on the couch. Steve was gazing at Tony the same way he always did, chin resting on his arm, nodding along while Tony described his latest project in detail. “Steve?” Thor asked, breaking into the conversation. “Do you feel alright?”
Steve sucked, then lapped hard over Tony’s hole. He stretched him even wider then pressed the tip of his tongue inside, swirling around the edge and pressing into the slowly relaxing muscles. Tony’s cock throbbed with need, leaking pre-come that dripped down onto Steve’s chest and pooled between his pecs. Every swipe and press of Steve’s tongue drove another wave of tingling pleasure right out to the tip of Tony’s cock and vibrated there.
“No begging,” Steve reminded him firmly, as Tony tossed him a shrimp. Steve glared over his shoulder.
“Shut up!” came Clint’s shout from the other room.
Steve blinked back the tears that stung the corners of his eyes. "Really?"
Or is it?
He wasn't sure
Steve sighed. "I'm not that desperate yet, Buck."
He stuck his head in. “Honey?”
Anthony pressed his palms to the glass and followed them with his forehead, looking out at the streetscape below. Steve wasn’t sure Anthony would recognize the snow for what it was. This was his first snow with them, after all, and if he had any memories of snow from before that, he would have been far too young to appreciate it. He turned to look at Steve with wide eyes then back to the window.
“You don’t have to do that, Tony. You were relaxing.”
He could lie, and maybe that was the kindest thing to do, but in the long run, it would probably only confuse things more. He could say he was busy or tired or not feeling well and that he needed some space to recharge, but that only worked if Steve and what’s-his-face didn’t work out. If their relationship solidified into something permanent, Tony would have to face his issues, and to be honest, he couldn’t see himself getting over this easily.
Tony crumpled as soon as the door closed. He poked the edge of the cast wrapped around his leg. It itched. It hurt. And he wanted to go dancing with everyone else. Club A would be packed by now, everyone laughing and joking and shaking it. Steve would probably dance with Jan. And Nat. That was good.
“I’m really sorry, Tony. I’m so comfortable with you that I didn’t really think about how awful that was. It was so cool to meet her, but it was incredibly rude of me to ignore you. I lost track of time.” Steve rocked their hands gently between them. “Can we try again? I promise I won’t ruin it this time.”
Not exactly The Ritz, though.
Steve bounced on his toes, like a little kid about to go to the zoo. “Anything.”
"No I wasn't. I left before it started." Tony slammed his briefcase down and snapped it open. He pulled out his laptop and opened it. "About ten minutes before it started, actually. You had the meeting open, on mute, getting your notes organized before it started."
“You’re shivering.” Steve pulled Tony even deeper into his hold, and the warmth flooded his veins like a shot of brandy.
It was the kind of sorry you gave when you were all sold out of sesame bagels, or you bumped into someone at a crosswalk.
Tony knocked on the doorframe, but the Steve-shaped lump under the sheets didn’t move. “Steve.”
“Yes.”
But he knew the answer. Waiting really wasn’t an option.
“It’s alright, I get it.”
two days from now. It’s such a good show.”
“No chatter on the comms, sweetpea!” Steve said brightly, ducking low to roll under Tony’s arm and slam his shield into another alien.
Established Relationship, Happy, Fluffy, Kisses, Banter.
Steve grinned at him and snuggled closer. “You were sleeping.”
“It’s horrific,” Steve whispered, wondering if it was too late to go to the store. Surely a grocery store cake would still be better than this monstrosity.
“Honey, I love you, you know I do, and I think you’re gorgeous and incredible and perfect every day, but when you’re like this -”
Several layers of icing later, it was almost cake shaped. They moved on to decorating.
“Darcy’s a groupie.”
Steve spread his arms wide, holding his sign out to the side to free up the space between them. "Yup!"
Tony leaned back against the mirrored wall of the hotel, pressing his flushed forehead to the cool glass. He already had his jacket off, and his shirt was three buttons down, but it wasn’t helping banish the heat that crackled under his skin.
Thanks to ashy for beta!
“Just say you’ll do it.” Tony picked the tomatoes off his burger. “Then say you’ll go out to dinner with me.” He set them aside and took a bite. “If you want.”
The red, white, and blue spandex that lovingly cupped each cheek certainly didn’t hurt, either.
Their room was cold - they still hadn’t unpacked the heavy blankets. Every night when they got ready for bed, one of them would mention it. The nights were getting longer, the days shorter, and Anthony was outgrowing his sleepers at an astonishing rate. But even though they both knew they’d be chilled in the morning, under nothing but cotton sheets and a light duvet, neither Steve nor Tony seemed able to face hauling the bags and boxes out of the spare room to try and find the big comforter.
Tony laughed. “I know. I’m just really grateful, that’s all. So if there’s anything I can do thank you…” He batted his eyelashes up at Steve, and Steve’s palms started sweating on the steering wheel.
“Hold on.” Tony poked him until he sat up again. “I’ll run Rowdy out into
"Course not, come on." Steve picked up two of Tony's bags then wrapped his arm around his shoulders and led him away. They hustled through the drizzle to the student centre and down to the Starbucks at the back. Luckily, it wasn't too busy and they found a quiet booth in the corner. They dumped their stuff then lined up. "What do you want?" Steve asked him.
“Um,” Tony replied.
Steve shrugged. "I don't care. It's the principle of the matter. I want to do something nice for you. Is that okay?"
“Fuck, Steve, please, please -” Tony bit his lip to stop the words endlessly spilling out. He was rocking back and forth now, driving his ass over Steve’s face to find more friction. Instead of stopping him, Steve hummed, almost in amusement, but the vibration made Tony gasp and flinch, breaking into a moan.
“You didn’t order me at all,” Bucky replied. “You’re Tony Stark, right? I’m an investigative reporter. Bucky Barnes.”
Tony handed the baby to Steve and crawled up into the middle of the bed, a husband on either side. He snuggled down then took his Peanut back, laying her on her tummy on his chest where her tiny eyes fluttered closed. He put a hand on her back and let it rise and fall with her breath.
"No, I'm afraid not. Can I make an appointment?"
They curl their lips, in almost-amusing unison. “You some kind of deviant? Hanging around here lookin for people t'harass? You’d better scram, buddy.”
“Would you calm down? It’s a cake, not rocket science.”
(Originally
Steve felt the back of his neck heating. Hottest? Really? If Tony thought he was hot, why didn’t he want to go to prom for real? But Steve loved him too much to deny him this, knowing that Tony wouldn’t push it, would accept it, but would look like a stomped puppy for a week and a half. “Sure. I guess. What would it entail?”
Steve poked the tip of his pencil into the paper. "How'd you know?"
Tony pulled Steve to his feet so they were standing chest to chest. “Six months alone, trapped in a loop, is a long time, Steve. I know that won’t just go away overnight.”
Captain America would know that his soulmate was an “arrogant jerk.”
“What are you doing?”
Steve stilled in Tony’s hold, but still couldn’t meet his eyes. “Tony…”
Tony resisted the urge to lean up against the glass. He felt drawn to Steve like a magnet. But either Steve hadn’t felt it, or with the pain and fear for his son, it had been drowned out. What if that moment of first contact was their only chance to bond and they’d missed it? Tony had never heard of soulmates missing their chance, but, he supposed, if they didn’t know they had, how would anyone ever talk about it?
Steve jolted back, putting a foot between them. His eyes were wide and his chest heaved. “Tony -?”
Tony rolled onto his back and folded his hands over his stomach. “Wow. I haven’t played Monopoly since I was a kid.”
he gestured between them "- isn't happening. I meant - uh - huh? What is my life right now? What is Tony Stark doing on Tinder in an airport at ten o'clock on a Wednesday?"
Steve had expected The Dollhouse to be dirtier, darker, and creepier, but it wasn't really any of those things. Plush red curtains hung around the edges of the large, circular main room. A wooden railing divided an upper level with a sunken dance floor below which was currently crowded with tables. A band was playing, presumably the end of their set since Bucky and his crew were due on soon, and a woman in sequins tap danced on the stage to the tune.
For my bday prompts for the request "bottom Tony" for anon.
This is for two of my 2018 bday prompts. One is for snooglepoot, who asked for "I'm so lucky to have you" and the other is anon who asked for slow domestic Sunday morning!
Thanks to moodybear for the prompt/idea! Thanks to ashy for the beta!
“Alright.” But Tony sounded disappointed, and he didn’t seem able to summon a smile. Steve was disappointed too. He wanted to fall asleep in Tony’s arms, feel the rise and fall of his chest, his heartbeat. He liked the soft blue light of the arc reactor as it smoothed off the harsh shadow edges of the room. But if he couldn’t sleep there…
“You said you loved me,” Tony choked out, trying to keep his voice from shaking. “Was that a lie?”
“What’s up?” Tony asked, his phone gone from his hands.
There’s a blue wire and a red wire. Tony cuts the blue wire.
For my STB square "Farmer's Market"
JARVIS’s emergency alarm cut through Tony’s music, flushing hot adrenaline through his veins. He jerked upright, having slid nearly flat in his chair while he thought. “What is it?” He was halfway to the armour before he’d even asked his legs to move.
"Maybe we need to have all four eyes on him for the next little while."
Tony could help but laugh. “He is brilliant, gorgeous, charming, and a tiger in the sack, but never let it be said Bucky Barnes is good with math.”
Tony held up a hand, the other one pressing against his eyes, trying to relieve his panic without smudging his make up. "Sorry."
Implied CW/IW Angst
“Call me Tony. Mr. Stark is what my father called me.” Mr. St-
Well that explained a lot. Two firm, round, perky a lots.
“God, you’re gorgeous,” Tony murmured, already working on his own pants. “All mine.”
Steve’s jaw twitched.
“I mean. We’ll be at prom instead of here.”
“What!” he cried, pounding his fist on the floor. “How?!” He was tired, angry, and so, so sad. He loved Tony, so how could this not be True Love’s Kiss? He sat there for a long time, watching Tony’s magical sleep remain undisturbed. Then he turned and, dragging his feet, left the bedroom.
Challenge: None
Steve frowned at his watch. Tony would be up again in only two hours. He replaced the sticky note, smoothing it out, then returned to making his morning meal.
Steve hovered the sharpie over the cup and waited, frozen to the spot. “Mr. Stark?”
“You have to twist it.”
Tony snuggled closer. “I woke up and found Bucky on the floor and I wanted a cuddle, but I didn’t want to wake him up so I joined him down here.”
“Okay.”
“Alright.” Tony settled back in his seat. “Nice truck, by the way.”
The man smiled. "Hi."
At least one of them must have been about how to get out of handcuffs - surely? Tony rattled them against the pipe then stilled when it echoed around the space. There was no need to draw any attention to himself. But the shift reminded him that he had his phone in his back pocket, and his kidnappers apparently hadn’t found it.
I guess mild warning for fear of losing a pet :D Happy ending!
"Maybe try a different pocket. Wouldn't want it falling out and being rescued by someone handsomer than me."
Natasha stretched out on the couch, rolling her ankles. She was getting to the good part in her book, only a few chapters from the end.
“I thought they frowned on that sort of thing.”
It had felt so nice to be loved for once.
“God, you’re good at that,” Steve murmured. He stroked his fingers through Tony’s hair gently, then scratched a little with his nails. When that earned another moan, he kept it up, working his way across Tony’s scalp while Tony slipped up and down his cock. Tony’s pace increased, bobbing his head up and down more roughly now, and Steve’s could hear the little gasps of breath Tony sucked in through his nose on each backslide. It was like he wanted Steve’s cock in his body more than he wanted oxygen and that thought sent another hot rush of need through Steve’s veins.
"I walked. I live just a few blocks that way and work a few the other way. It's no trouble." The man's smile deepened. "Don't worry about it. I've got almost everything I need."
“Oh, yeah?” Steve tilted forward over the table, leaning in to get a better look at the picture.
Tony stilled too. He had a conference call in half an hour and he still needed to shower first, but he'd never pass up a chance to spend more time with Steve. He waited for Steve to say something, but he didn't, chewing idly on the end of his water bottle. Tony scrambled wildly for some excuse to keep sharing space with him. He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out, no brilliant ideas coming to mind, though a hot flush came to his cheeks. This crush was really getting out of hand.
It doesn't work.
"Tony!" Steve was there in a heartbeat, looming over him like he had on the alien ship. And that was just making it even worse.
"I still think of it as your room. Your home."
Respiration: 9 breaths per tm
Universe: MCU
The thing was, Tony always thought it was the cancer that would get him. Even flying Iron Man, even knowing the Ultimates were constantly in danger, he still thought it would be the cancer, at the end of it all. Maybe it was his bent towards pessimism: no chance he could go out in style, wrapped in shiny metal and saving someone’s life, oh no, his destiny was fading away to scraps, hairless and skinny and gaunt.
on his drums.
“What? He’s all stressed by the move.”
It was coming on faster now, Tony could feel the twinges, the heavy throbbing in his core, like his heart filled the entire space within his body.
Steve hummed and fell silent. They made their way out the back door and across the football field towards Tony’s house. It had become habit, somehow, to go to Tony’s after school on Fridays. Tony’s parents were never home, and Bucky and Peggy both had activities on Fridays. So it was just the two of them. What had started out as convenience had ended up being the most treasured night of the week for Steve.
Tony turns, and Steve is standing there, staring at him, wide-eyed. There’s an edge of pink peeking up out of his collar and flushing back behind his ears, and Tony can’t help but smile. He loves that spunky, angry, broken boy from Brooklyn, but this is
“What?”
Steve brushed his sweaty hair back from his forehead as the elevator started its climb towards his floor. He couldn’t convince anyone, least of all himself, that he had any other reason for choosing to go to the gym exactly when he did except to avoid Tony.
Tony typed for a moment then turned his laptop around to show Bucky his email. The inbox was flooded with several emails marked urgent, and Bucky's first glance showed several names he recognized. Tony opened one that he'd starred. There was an attached video. "Turns out your meeting wasn't muted after all. Well, your speakers were. Your microphone wasn't." He opened the video and it started to play.
Tony shrugged the same way he had when he'd first accepted Steve's hug offer. "I guess. If you don't mind."
The very bad man was angry for a long time, but once all the plates were in pieces on the floor and he grew tired, he sat down, drank his tea, and vowed that his next plan wouldn’t go so awry…
“Immensely.”
“Thanks for coming,” Tony whispered into her hair.
Though, if you didn’t look too closely, in the dark shadows you might think it was him. “Dr. Stark,” Steve said, settled into his own chair.
Mr. Stark waved a hand at him. “Would you
Tags: Soulmates, Angst with a Happy Ending
"You could have just used your words, Buck. I totally get it if you don't want to hang out with me. But if you said that, I'd stop asking, and this wouldn't have to be awkward."
Steve looked at the small, purple crate in his arms. “Yes?”
“I’ve had a crush on you for three years and also seventy-five years. Would you like to go to dinner with me some time?” Steve’s voice is steady, but there’s a tension in his shoulders that suggests he’s anything but.
Natasha tossed her book aside and stood, rounding the couch to join them. All the blood had drained out of Tony’s face and he was clutching the edge of the table to stay upright. Steve had a hand rested on his arm, terror written all over his face.
Square: Civil War
“Shit, Tony.” Steve finally gave into the urge to spread his legs and wriggle until he was more comfortable, pants tented awkwardly. “I’m not going to make you - uh - pay me back. I’m happy to drive you, no strings attached.” But he couldn’t deny how appealing the thought was.
In the end, it didn’t matter that the tip was for flowers.
“I’m fine,” Steve snapped back.
Thanks to ashy for beta <3
Tony went off like a shot, twitching and groaning as he came in his pants. Steve flicked his eyes between the road and Tony, watching the damp patch on his pants spread. When Tony stopped moving and started whining quietly with each hitching intake of breath, Steve let his hair go.
A tentacle approached from the side, and Tony caught the gleam of metal. "Shit - Steve. They're going to give you an injection. I bet it's the same stuff they gave me. It's… it's pretty overwhelming. Might not affect you as much, but - but -  fuck, I wish there was something I could do…" Tony rolled his hips and the tentacle in his ass probed deeper, pushing out a moan. "I can't stop, Steve. I need it so badly."
Steve snuggled down deeper in his squishy armchair, tugging the polar fleece blanket back in place when it slipped off his feet. A fire crackled in the fireplace at his side, warming him from tip to toe, and outside the window, Steve could see nothing but a vast field of white, ending with white-topped evergreen trees that lined the lane to the compound.
Square: Steampunk
"No, I'm afraid not. I really need to talk to you. Privately." At the uncomfortable looks everyone else gave him, Steve sighed. "I can make an appointment to come back another time. I'm sure you're very busy. But I didn't get your number, and your… very dedicated staff won't let me through without one."
“Don’t kiss me,” Tony whispered.
This is a second part to my ficlet
Rating: T
Bucky sauntered over to Tony.
“Fuck off,” Tony murmured. “You’re trying to kill me.”
Steve clapped and grinned then grabbed Tony’s hand and hauled him up to his feet. “It would be my honour.” He kissed him soundly, smiling against Tony’s lips, then dipped him down onto the bed and covered over him, hands wandering.
"I love you too, Jason," Bucky whispered against his lips. He grinned. "Like a house on fire."
Steve reached out again, wanting to feel the smooth glass of the arc reactor housing, but a voice behind him made him startle back, heart pounding.
“Well,” Tony said thoughtfully, and Steve bit back another laugh. “It was good, I guess.”
Steve missed his chance. All those lingering glances and soft smiles, flirty banter and half-excused touches - they were all long lost. To Tony, Steve had disappeared, unresolved, maybe, eventually, forgotten. He hoped Tony had lived a good life, but for the second time, Steve couldn’t help but dig in to the sharp clawing pain that ripped at his chest when he wished
precisely, he was going to do this. Google had been startlingly unhelpful when he'd typed in:
Bucky typed on screen for a moment, shuffled a few papers, then picked up his phone. He pressed a few buttons. Watching, Bucky's heart sank as he realized what was about to happen. "Oh shit."
Besides, it was the middle of winter. No one should be out in the cold tonight.
Tony's next cue came from the other side of the warehouse. "They've got Kathy!" he yelled, reloading his gun. "Really? Because if you were my friend, you'd tell me why you hate my boyfriend."
Tony paused, his head still deeply inside the box, and hummed. “Haunted, you say?”
and ashes0909 for beta.
Semen: Unknown
"Miss your chance for an autograph?" Tony patted his pockets for a pen.
“Yes!” he said, too brightly, too loud. “Just fine. Ha ha. What a silly misunderstanding. Of course, I have a coffee grinder, I have like seven, and even if I didn’t, I’d build one, happily, just to grind your beans, oh god, I can’t believe I said that, please excuse me while I exit stage left, pursued by bear and my own mortification.” Tony turned on his heel and made a beeline for the door, but Steve, being a super soldier, caught his sleeve before he made it to the hall.
Tony shrugged again. “I like the rest of computer club. And I like Mr. Fury. They’re not that bad.”
Tony worked his lip between his teeth. His eyes flicked away. “I guess that’s not a lie,” he muttered.
The tentacles at his waist cinched tighter, and the one surrounding his cock pulled, lining him up. He couldn't help the jerk of his hips when the head of his cock brushed against Tony's skin. He was so warm, slick from the slippery tentacle that had been fucking into him for hours, but it made space for Steve now, pulling away so the smaller tendrils could guide Steve into Tony's heat. And Steve knew he wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer. The drug told him to thrust and drive and
“Good morning!” Tony sing-songed.
Tony thought about going to Steve’s room to talk to him. The longer they let this fester, the worse it was going to be, and he knew that it was his fault they hadn’t talked about it yet, but that didn’t stop him from hesitating.
“Oh, totally. Of course. Won’t say a word.”
“Why?”
Inside were four Galaxy chocolate bars.
“Goodnight.”
Steve unfurled with a groan and propped himself up on one hand. "What happened?"
He would just have to go to Tony himself and explain why they should be together. This plan was failsafe! He put on his best suit, combed his hair and brushed his teeth, then admired himself in the mirror. Perfect.
Tony suppressed a most inelegant squeak and settled for a distorted gasp instead. “Yeah?”
Steve brightened immediately, his warm smile cutting deep. He led the way to the gym and traded his shield for the lighter, gentler training version. “Ready?”
“So why are you burning a hole through the back of Stark’s head with your eyes?”
7:42 PM: Recording cuts out
Tony stepped out into the hall to find Steve in his pre-serum body, frowning at the wiggly little dog, who was now trying to lick his face. "I'll take that," Tony said, yanking the staff out of the puppy's mouth.
Steve closed his sketchbook and shoved it under his pillow, crawling in after it. He tossed and turned until he heard Bucky come in, several hours later, and even after that, his sleep was fitful at best.
He managed to wrench his eyes open, skin flushing hot when he saw Steve's worried eyes still fixed firmly on him. He mumbled uselessly around the tentacle in his mouth, stroking his tongue over its length, each nerve in his mouth fizzing and buzzing. He wanted to find something comforting to say, something to convince Steve that he was okay - that it was awful and overwhelming and terrifying and also kind of wonderful.
