But the cuff he constantly wears is a fitting reminder that somewhere in the universe exists a being who will eventually speak to him for the first time and utterly ruin the happiness he finds every moment he presses his lips against Tony’s.
“Jesus, Steve, you’d think a book store wouldn’t be so bad on Christmas Eve.”
“I’m headed to work, okay? It’s Christmas Eve.”
THERE—SIT, Tony signs, pointing to one of his wheeled stools. He grabs another seat and sits himself down next to Steve. His grin is almost blinding as he starts to share a handful of his favorite signs.
The big thing that really separates Ironman from Tony Stark—besides Tony having so much blood on his hands—is that Ironman can talk.
“Well,” Steve manages to force out, “that’s mighty swell. If you’ll excuse me.”
Taking a deep breath, Steve asks, “Who did know? About you being Ironman? Why… why didn’t you tell
Bucky stands slowly. “Okay, I’ll grab you your sick bag.”
“Both.”
Sam shrugs and reaches for his beer. “Bucky called around noon and said he was bored.”
“Hey, guys.”
Steve can feel a dampness against his neck where Tony’s hiding his face. He waits, let’s Tony have a few minutes as Steve holds on.
“Are we still volunteering at the VA center tomorrow?” Steve cuts in.
Steve doesn’t know exactly what Tony means by that, but he can guess that either Ironman mentioned their conversation to Tony or that maybe Tony had even requested his bodyguard ask Steve about his increasing presence in the lab.
Tony shrugs a shoulder, sets the ice back down and signs about his therapist. About the meetings and all the training because he wanted to be able to say something to Steve.
Luckily, Steve is nothing if not stubborn.
Steve stands—doesn’t even bother walking around the table, just leans over it—and presses their lips together, soft and gentle and heartbreakingly sweet.
He says, “I know. I’ve always known, in a way.” He kisses Tony again and says, “I love you, too. ... But don’t think this gets you off the hook for the whole ‘secretly Ironman’ thing.”
And Rhodey.
He doesn’t think much of it at first. A handful of drawings of Stark’s neck can be explained away as a somewhat morbid fascination with the aesthetic beauty of his scars. A few drawings of Stark’s hands is just practice because hands are terribly intricate and far too easy to—as the French would put it—utterly fuck up.
Tony nods, a hand coming up to rub at his neck, at the scar that sits just under his left ear. He takes a deep breath and then starts signing again.
,” Steve grunts but he salutes Sam as he nudges the door open with his shoulder.
The dragon doesn’t seem to believe Steve and it backs into the little gap even farther.
By the time noon passes, Baby actually seems worse and Steve breaks. He calls the dragon specialist while Baby cries in the background.
Steve must have come to the lab straight from the debrief—or skipped it altogether—since he’s still in full uniform.
It takes Steve a moment but his face soon flames red.
“You wanna know what broke the curse? Healing you and Bucky.”
“Okay, okay. Text me when you get home though, so I know you didn’t get sucked down a storm drain or something.”
“Hey, you little shit,” Bucky says.
Tony doesn’t expect that Steve would actually want to be friends with
The answer is: too much.
Steve shrugs a shoulder. “Just… needed somewhere a little less crowded. You don’t mind if I join you for a bit, do you?”
Baby chirps and grabs the remote to play with the buttons.
“Hey, Baby,” Steve coos as he reaches a hand out and rubs at Baby’s cheek. “Have you seen my glasses? I need them for work today.”
his stomach, it’s
doesn’t?
Baby chirps and darts back to his hoard. He starts shoving it back under Steve’s bed. He almost doesn’t notice when Steve finishes bundling himself up. Baby sits in the middle of the room, waiting for Steve to say goodbye. But when Steve reaches for the doorknob without saying anything, Baby gives a frantic little chirp.
“Baby? Why would Baby know where my glasses are?”
There’s a long pause before Jane responds. “Uhm, let me transfer you to our medical team, okay? I’m actually just temping for my girlfriend soo…”
“Then again,” Steve says, sitting in the chair by the bed, “you might not remember Bucky saying that.”
does Steve
“Wait,” Steve says before he rolls his hips, flipping their positions so he can straddle Tony. He groans, sinking further into Tony’s cock.
A sweet looking brunette nurse holding a clipboard pokes her head out of room 6-16, and smiles tiredly at Steve. “Captain Rogers? We have some information for you on your husband.”
Not yet, anyway.
"'m not gonna yell at you," he says eventually, voice low, warning. He's more afraid that he'll start crying at any given moment, which wouldn't be fair to Steve. He knows that. "It's just..." He breaks off on a sigh, runs a hand through his hair. "A warning would've been nice, Stevie. You know we agreed that...that one-night stands are okay, so long as we at least give each other a head's up. I had to hear it from Nat that you took some little brunette thing home, and that...it hurt."
“he’s not my husband.” Bucky fixes him with a look that’s somehow even less impressed than the last one, and Steve rolls his eyes.
Tony shakes his head, not at all a fan of the headache that’s steadily forming behind his eyes. “Why… why not.”
“Rhodes. This isn’t what is looks—”  The beta growls lowly, and a muscle in his jaw jumps and twitches.
“so, bodyguard.” Steve mutters to himself. It’s really not that bad of a job, low pressure compared to super heroing, and it’s not like he doesn’t have the body, the training, and the aptitude for it. “Who’s the target?”
"Alright, you wanna tell me and Barnes what you have to tell us now, or you wanna talk about it later?"
"Sorry about the wait; took me the longest damn time to find your number. Would've asked you for it at the loft, but you seemed like you needed to have a conversation with Barnes and, uh, I thought it was best you did that. Anyway, completely my fault, and I wasn't blowing you off, still kinda sorta definitely interested in continuing things if you are." And Pepper will kill him if she ever finds out about this, or maybe just desecrate his body after Rhodey kills him. There's a pause, then, "It's Tony, by the way. Stark." Steve's face lights up immediately and he can't help the way his stomach swoops out from under him. It's been three weeks. He knew,
“Natasha, where the hell is my husband?” Bucky asks the tender, who’s cleaning up the bar after last nights shift. She smirks, in that sardonic way of hers and shrugs.
Had this been any other hitman, anyone else at all, Tony wouldn’t have been as petrified as he is right now. He still would’ve been scared, sure, but that’s expected when you’re staring down the barrel of a gun. He’s had one too many close calls with death in the past year to think that the business, even from behind the scenes, is all fun and games, and he’s beginning to regret not paying more attention when Clint and Jessica were teaching him self-defense. He knows how to disarm somebody, but generally that person wouldn’t be James Barnes, and Tony wouldn’t be naked and covering himself with a sheet, and maybe he would’ve had enough wits about him to not sleep with Steve in the first place.
“We’ll be there in twenty minutes.” And then, to someone else, “Thor, grab your coat, we’re making a house call.”
Bucky grunts.
Pepper beams.
Steve flicks the hair drier on and looks at the dragon. “Come’re,” he gestures.
So Obie takes care of Stark Industries as Tony tries to get his feet back under himself.
Stark chuckles like an engine revving.
The dragon moves, butting its head against Steve’s chest and makes a purring noise deep in its chest.
Tony survives Obie’s betrayal. He survives Palladium poisoning. Somehow, Tony becomes a super hero.
Tiny sets the ice pack down and signs, WEEKLY—THERAPIST—GO—I. PAST ME—SPEAK—WANT—YOU.
“Steve!” Tony throws his arms around the blond. “You came! You really came!” Tony trills.
“She’s ninety-four.”
Someone had asked, though, to the room at large, what their Words were.
Bucky wonders off down the hall, “Likes your lacey knickers.”
“Not my fault. I’ve bought you six alarm clocks.”
When they part, Tony holds up his thumb, index, and pinky fingers. He presses them into Steve’s chest.
and the second is
Steve bursts into Bucky’s room with a shout of, “
“I’m his bodyguard when I’m not doing Avengers business. Figured it’d probably be good to know when and why people are hanging around him.”
Tony shakes his head again and then pulls back to explain. Signs out his reasons and beliefs and how he just wants to make up for his sins. Tony explains everything. About the suit and how it works and about Afghanistan and Yensen and the car crash and all the tech he created—the good and the bad—and about Obie and about Howard.
“Let’s see,” Steve says, opening the browser on his phone, “what do dragons need to live?”
Steve takes a lurching step towards his lover, who
Steve can’t help the small grin that slides across his face as he stands and makes his way to Tony.
The dragon takes pity on him soon enough though and looks around. It hops off the counter and lands on the floor in a graceless, towel-tangled heap.
He’s suddenly terrified of misplacing one and having his secret exposed.
Tony, who’s already had
When Steve returns from work, he feels bone tired and like he could sleep for days.
Tony touches his fingers to his forehead and then pulls them away, ending with his pinky and thumb extended.
“Baby’s sick. He’s burning up and whimpering and I don’t—I don’t—”
Tony’s hand whips out, catching Steve’s wrist before he can do more than start to roll the edge of the fabric cuff.
Tony groans gratefully and whispers, half to the coffee and half to Steve, “I love you.”
Bucky pulls Steve into a hug, tucking his chin over Steve’s head.
Baby looks up and chirps, eyes wide.
Ironman visits sick children in hospitals.
“NO! God, Clint, no. this… this has to do with work. Not… not last night.” he says, semi cryptically. Clint narrows his eyes at him, skeptically, and the smaller man simply shrugs, so Clint stands down. For now. There’s a fight there, but the sniper isn’t sure he’s ready to have it, if it isn’t causing problems for Tony or Clint, or the gang at large.
It’s cruel and he knows it, but he can’t exactly say he’s sorry for it. He can’t even say he /wishes/ he was, because he doesn’t. If Steve thinks he can get by with a few messages and an apology letter that wasn’t even really an apology letter, then he’s got another thing coming.
What’s waiting on the other side is…
The soft, rich cookie tastes dry and inedible, in the sudden Sahara of Steve’s mouth.
Steve nods, detached from the entirety of the situation by now. Buckys skin is pallid and clammy, he looks like death warmed over, and by now he's shaking violently. Steve knows this song and dance. “we should be fine as long as he doesn't lapse back into not breathing. He's going through withdrawal now, because he needed two hits of Narcan.” Bucky groans, and turns bloodshot eyes back to Steve. “Stevie… It’s not… I'm alright now. I don't need the hospital, I just need a little bump to get me by, just one hit to get ridda the shakes, baby, c’mon.” Steve makes a broken sound, something that's halfway between a whine and a growl. “Bucky, you've done this before, you know it gets better you know it does.”
“Three months and you didn’t move in sooner?” he asks with his signature smirk. “Tony got his location and I took him out the same day. Looks like Red Star are slacking.”
Bucky growls at the time comment, and Steve grits his teeth. “Kinda hard to move in on a guy, when you’re trying to do it, without getting all of his product captured and incinerated. Thanks for that, asshole.” Bucky’s hold on the grip tightens, with poorly concealed rage. That was the third time he had to detox on Sam’s couch, the lack of product meant cold turkey, and yeah, maybe he was still a little sensitive about it. Steve scoffs and cuts his eyes toward where Tony’s pressed up against the wall.
“Multiple years. That’s… that’s what the chip he has says. I don’t… I’m not exactly sure how long. We never really… talked about it.” and maybe they should have. Maybe Steve should have taken more of an interest in Tony’s recovery. That’s something that’s important isn’t it? Hasn’t he read that hiding recovery leads to looking at it as less important? He shakes his head softly, to free his head of the intrusive thoughts. It’s not like he can do anything about the past now anyway. Famike nods, and writes something down.
“Your guess is as good as mine, Barnes. He left early last night. With a brunette.” Bucky rolls his eyes, and drops his head to the mahogany bar top.
“And I’d give up forever to touch you, ‘cause I know that you’d feel me somehow. You’re the closest to heaven that I’ll ever be, and I don’t want to go home, right now….”
The quiet, alone with tony in the room wasn’t really so bad. It was awkward, sure, stilted, but it was understandable. Those in comas, don’t tend to make the best conversationalists, after all. The quiet, with Ed in the room, is just unsettling. It’s oppressive, and pervasive, and Steve can feel the last of his self control fading away in an evanescence of emotion.
Bucky sees the bastard reach for a phone, and that’s all the encouragement he needs, to reach for the gun nestled gently against his spine, in his waistband. He’s a half second away from blowing his head off, when he hears the words: ‘Tony’s in danger’.
The next few days are a blur, nurses running to and fro, S.H.I.E.L.D officials, and Avengers team members coming to check on Tony, as well as ack what happened. Tony tells most of them that he doesn’t know. He was in the air one minute, and down the next. Steve gets the full story, in a quiet moment, between meals and naps.
“Clint,” Tony says, a note of warning in his voice. He knows that Clint wouldn’t be acting so cocky if he didn’t have a back-up plan, but he’d appreciate being clued in on what it was. If he has to guess, he’s saying that Clint was smart enough to call somebody before he came into the building. Whether or not that someone’s on their way is a different matter entirely, but he can hope.
“Tony… c’mon, baby, you know I’m big.” And it should sound like a brag at this point, but it’s nothing more or less than the truth. He drags his fingers over the hardened lump of Tony’s prostate, and the next thrust has a little more force behind it. “ I don’t want to hurt you. you'll get me soon, I promise, you gotta calm down for me, ok? I don't... I can't. not with you beggin' like that."
fed an hungry writer, with kudos and comments! a comment a day keeps the anxiety at bay!
Tony huffs out a quiet laugh, and shakes his head. It’s not a promise, not a guarantee, but maybe… just maybe there’s a chance that they can reach an understanding.
Kissing Tony is some kind of intoxicating. Steve loses track of time, and can’t even bring himself to care about the inconvenience. He could have been kissing Tony for five minutes, or five years. he doesn’t even care. The light from the curtains is slanting, showing the passing of time, and his stomach is definitely rumbling, but he can’t bring himself to pull away, because this… whatever it is that they have, seems like a spell, the kind that breaks if either of them move.
“So they take it back.” Tony’s still thinking up something to say in response, when there’s a quiet voice down the hall, that rings with the warmth of the sun, and sounds like it would float on the breeze, like the scent of honeysuckle on a warm summer morning.
“Please! Please, I don’t know who the supplier is!” Steve rolls his eyes, and walks in two quick steps over to the fifty-five-gallon drum, still crackling from the fire he lit this morning (to warm the draft, he’d told himself.
"Want you to come inside me," Tony says, and he sounds about as blissed-out as he feels. He knows Steve can't actually, because they're using protection, but his thoughts are coming from a place of instinct now, and his instinct wants nothing between them. "
Moving away from Tony isn’t ideal, given that Steve’s grip around him is part of what’s grounding him, as ineffective as it currently is. Rhodey looks like he’s intent on murder though, so Steve moves, readjusting Tony as gently as he can, and taking a healthy step away from him, just in case. Tony whines, and Steve hates himself for it, but his focus now, has to be getting them all through this.
“Further than I want to wait, but not too far to survive.” There's a little voice in the back of Tony's head telling him that he should be far more wary of the situation at hand than he is. Out of all his one night stands in recent months, he doesn't think there's been once that they haven't used a cab to get from one location to the next, because he's pretty used to being about as wasted as his partner and neither of them are generally in any state fit to drive. Who even owns a car in New York, anyway? He can't think of anyone in his friendship group that does, though work's definitely a different story - need to move product somehow, and cabs aren't great for subtlety. Regardless of any worries - thank you, alcohol - he grins, presses a kiss to Steve's cheek before he gets in the car with a,
Steve looks torn, honestly torn, between going and staying but hell he has to do something for Bucky right? And the longer he's staying here, the more and more he feels like he's inching toward that something being grabbing the needle and the Rock he has and giving it to Bucky just to stop the pain. He whines and rises out of bed, shoving his legs into his Pyjamas before running for the stairs to grab the paramedics. Bucky whines and writes on the bed. “why do you have to do this to us, huh? We were happy, Tony! Happily married for six years!” it's not fair not by a long shot but Bucky feels like his brain is melting and he's angry no matter if it's fair or not.
“Not the worst way I’ve ever been woken up, though, I’ll give you that,” he adds with a smirk in Bucky’s direction, because that leaves a lot to the imagination. The first thing that springs to mind is the time he woke up to the sight of Clint, naked, emerging from his bathroom. That was bad. Or the time he fell asleep in the safehouse and woke up while Jessica was torturing – she says interrogating, he begs to differ – a guy for information. Or the time – Yeah, being faced with a gun is becoming a common occurrence, and Tony wonders if he needs to revaluate Rhodey’s offer for a job with the feds. Reformed hackers helping catch bad guys and all that. That’d probably involve the same amount of guns and half the pay though, so he’s content where he is. He tugs his jacket on, then steps forward to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Promise I’ll call, okay? You just gotta have faith in me.”
Tony rocks back before he can stop himself, trying to chase Steve's fingers because he's empty and it feels so horribly, horribly wrong. He can feel slick dripping down the backs of his thighs, and if he had any semblance of self-awareness left, he knows he'd feel a telltale shame seeping in. It takes him several long moments to realise that Steve's even spoken, and he only realises because the silence in the room and the complete lack of movement are overwhelming.
He can fill in some of the blanks, himself. If they’re talking about drugs-- and in this neighborhood, and those ‘obviously doing something nefarious’ looks, they were-- there’s a good chance that Davis, meant Aaron Davis. But the problem with that, is that… well, Davis is on of theirs. He’s a bit of a loose cannon, he’s a fucking drug dealer, after all, but the guys got a decent head on his shoulders. So for his product to be killing kids, in the hunts territory, has to mean that either A: they have a problem further up the supply chain, someone flooding the market with bad chemicals, or B: Davis has gone rogue. Either way, means more paperwork, for Clint. He sighs heavily, and scratches his fingers through Lucky’s soft fur.
He blinks his eyes open in a blind panic, trying to get out of the bed that he’s in, before he has even the vaguest idea of what’s going on. He’s dizzy, and disoriented, symptoms that are consistent with anesthesia, and his stomach lurches, when he realizes that his bump is gone, and that’s nothing, if not a nightmare come true.
Steve laughs quietly, and moves around the car dropping to the driver's seat heavily. Tony's something else, all teasing and flirty, and his energy is contagious. Steve turns the key in the ignition, and it thrums to life with a quiet purr, vibrating with potential underneath them. The stereo immediately kicks to life, loudly blaring some ridiculously popular trap song, and Steve sneers at it angrily. Thank you, James. He reaches to flip it to something less awful, but it gets to the chorus, and it turns out this particular song isn't actually that bad. He and Bucky have definitely fucked to it, in the kitchen island, if memory serves, or maybe it was the bathroom… he shakes his head and wills the thoughts away, because thinking of fucking your significant other while you're in the car with your recently procured one-night stand seems...tacky. at best. He looks up in the rear view, and his blue eyes meet Tony's brown ones.
"Fine. But I'm taking my guns with me. You don't call within an hour telling me everything's okay, Stark, I will bring the wrath of both Heaven and Hell down upon this place," he says, grabbing his guns off the table and putting them back in his holsters, leaving the same way he came in. With a smile, Tony looks back to Steve.
“no, not… not really.” He huffs out a dry laugh, and turns away from the lifeless, pale form of his best friend. “we’ve been so damn busy lately, fifteen calls in the last two days, I don’t think he had time to do much more than sleep.” Famike nods, and scribbles down an additional thing, before turning to Steve with what appeared to be a pleasant smile.
It's nearly ten at night when Clint notices Tony slipping out of the safehouse - back exit to a small, secluded alleyway. Had Clint not been loitering about, waiting for a delivery to arrive, he probably wouldn't have noticed Tony leaving at all. Tony certainly doesn't realize he's being watched, posture far too relaxed for that. He nearly calls out to him, asks him where the hell he's going when he's needed for the gathering Intel part of the next mission, but he catches himself at the last second, sends a text asking for Jessica to cover for the delivery Instead, and sets about following Tony. One of Pepper's cars or bikes would be too obvious, so he hails a cab a few minutes after Tony does, when he can just see Tony's cab turning right at the end of the street. Tony's rarely the most cautious guy, so Clint doubts he'll be checking for anyone following him, but better to be safe than sorry. Information about their hits has been leaking to the targets lately, and Clint hates to assume it's Tony, but he's been acting shady.
“B… Bucky?” he shakes his head, ignoring the way it spins in protest at the action. “I’ve lost my kid, and my mind. That’s… that’s great.”
“Baby” he teases softly, over the rim of his hot chocolate. It still won’t replace a nice cup of coffee, but he’s not going to flaunt his ability to have caffeine in front of his seven month pregnant omega. “it’s one pup, how much stuff do we seriously need?” Tony fixes him with an unimpressed look, and Steve raises his placatingly.
[Don’t be. It’s not your job to worry about me anymore.]
rough, but he's not showing any signs of wanting to stop, and Steve's near desperate himself, already huffing out quiet moans and growls into the scant space between them. He pulls Tony in for a rough messy kiss, and he's smirking as he pulls away. “Missed you while you slept. Kept thinkin’ a you, and all the fun things we could do when you woke up. You're
Steve’s not expecting much out of today --since it certainly doesn’t look like this guy is gonna talk anytime soon, but hes’s
He reaches out to run a hand through Steve's hair, pushing it back and away from his eyes. For once, Tony had fallen into a peaceful sleep, and he'd be lying if he said it had nothing to do with the scent of his alpha surrounding him as he drifted off, but waking to screaming...Yeah, more than a little unnerving.
The bar's relatively empty compared to the floor, and Tony orders something pink and fruity that definitely has a higher percentage than anything Clint'll order. As expected, he's sat down on one of the free stools for all of two seconds when Clint sits down next to him, gives him a look, and places an order of his own. Gin. Tony resists the urge to make a face.
The girl gasps again, and manages to take a step back, looking with panicked eyes, from Tony, to the operating theatre, and back again. Tony’s just starting to ask what’s the matter, if she knows the person in OR, or if she has any damn clue about anything, when she looks up at him with a soft smile.
Okay. That… that gets a growl, and Steve isn’t exactly sorry about it. He’s openly being threatened. Or at least… he hopes it’s a threat. They’re so close to the finish line, they’ve made it through seven months of morning sickness, and cravings, and two pregnancy heats. They’ve come so far, for it to crumble down now of all times. He opens his mouth to ask if the treat is legit, but FRIDAY chimes pleasantly, around them.
“Tony. You really shouldn’ be up. Do you ever follow the rules?” he blinks several times, and whips back around suddenly, making the most bewildered face he’s personally capable of, when his eyes lock on…
“Look at me, baby. Hey, Tony, Star, baby c’mon, look at me. “ Tony’s eyes flick over to him, and there’s the slightest twitch in his pupil, that means maybe he can hear. Maybe he’s present enough to hear what Steve has to tell him. “I love you. Ok? I love you. And I promise, I’m not gone, alright? I… I gotta go for now, but I’ll be back, ok? Bet your life on it.” He presses a quick kiss to Tony’s cheek, and he ignores the soft whine that the omega lets out in confusion. He wants to stay, god, he does, but he’s no use to Tony, if he’s in custody. “I love you. Both of you.”
The engineer pouts even more, and rolls his eyes, setting the crystal decanter heavily down onto the counter. It’s late, and the kids are in one of the lounges, binging old holiday specials, and eating honestly worrying amounts of junk food. It’s been just Tony and Steve down in the kitchen, making cookies and chatting for hours. Tony’s had his standard old-fashioned glass less than half full of an expensive Scotch, and he’s bubbly happy, but it’s more from the overwhelming amount of holiday spirit than from anything else. One of the details that Steve remembers from the dossier is that Tony has a history with addiction, so he doesn’t say anything out loud, but he’s truthfully, very proud of him for restraining.
A quiet huff of breath is knocked out of his chest, when the realization hits him. Tony Armstrong is
"Think he felt the same," he mutters, and he tries to not let any of the hurt seep into his tone. If Steve and Tony want to have something more than a one night stand, and Steve doesn't want to break things off with Bucky, then Bucky's more than willing to try to work something out. Maybe, if they can move past the fact that he almost shot him, Bucky and Tony could be friends, and Steve gets to have both of them. Maybe.
"What have I gotten into, this time around? I know that I had sworn, I'd never trust anyone again, but I didn't have to. You had me at hello." You Had Me at Hello, A Day To Remember.
what happened. But his overactive brain, that for some reason won’t leave well enough alone, has him hung up. He doesn’t even realize he’s crying, until Rhodey is in front of him, kneeling, and pulling him into a hug.
Steve honest to god whines, and drops his face into his hands. “It’s an open relationship, Tony. It’s not… it was supposed to be a one night stand, it wasn’t supposed to turn into…. I wasn’t supposed to fall in love with you!” Steve’s words echo in the tense, silent room, and they swim around and around Bucky’s head longer than he cares to admit. It… it hurts hearing his husband admit that he’d fallen for this guy, this ‘Tony’. It feels like something in his chest shatters, and he shakes his head, choosing to go for the much more appealing anger, than the tempting tears.
“Tony. Tones. Do not.” Rhodey’s staring at Tony over an Air Force debrief he’s skimming through on the StarkPad in his lap. Tony hasn’t moved a single muscle, except to fiddle with the burner phone in his right hand, in the last half hour, and if anything spells trouble, it’s Tony Stark sitting still. The engineer doesn’t dignify him with a response at first, and really he’d be offended, if it didn’t mean that Tony was deep in thought about something. Which, again, isn’t exactly a good sign. Add all of that, the stillness, the extreme concentration, the fucking burner phone in his hand is painting a picture that Rhodey is damn certain that he doesn’t like.
“That’s the bastard that took out our last three marks, Stevie.” Steve scoffs curtly, and other than a slight twitch to the corner of his lips, his demeanor doesn’t change.
Rhodeys crosses the space that’s between him and his best friend in two large steps, and kneels next to him. It’s only thanks to a lifelong career in the Air Force, and active combat, that he manages to keep a hold on his emotions.
I tell my husband everything.
about project rebirth. He wants to take another look at his memories, comb through them again, but he
Tony huffs out a quiet scoff at Steve’s message, ignoring the fact that Dum-E’s attempting to drape a blanket around his shoulders with minimal success. In lieu of Rhodey being in physical therapy most evenings, the bots have taken to ensuring that Tony’s well fed and rested, and shoving a blanket in Tony’s direction is Dum-E’s typical way of telling him that it’s time for bed. But it’s only eight in the evening, which means it’s something like two in the morning for Steve. He has to wonder if that means that Steve’s having as much trouble sleeping as he is. Probably not—Steve has Bucky there to comfort him, after all.
Eventually, Tony starts to feel restless, just sitting. He sighs dramatically, and leans over the side of the wheelchair, draping an arm over his forehead, like some wilting Southern Belle. “whoever will care enough about me, to take back into my room?” he adds to the performance, by batting his eyelashes.
He sighs softly, his heart pounding in his head, and takes a deep breath, letting the words spill out before he can stop them. “I was in love with you from the first time we slept together.” He swallows thickly and his eyes flick back and forth between Tony's, like he's studying any part of him for rejection. It's… A lot, he knows that, but waking up a John Doe in the hospital scared the shit out of him. Even if it terrifies Tony, he wants him to know their time was special to him. Precious.
Steve shakes his head and rests his forehead against Tony's scooting close enough to eliminate most of the space between them, and wrapping an arm around him, holding him close. The feeling of knowing that his feelings are reciprocated, it's… remarkable. “you don't have to apologize. I should have given it to you. I should have tried harder to find you. Given you more time before I lost hope. Stayed… Stayed off smack when I did… “ a little wave of guilt washes over him briefly and it hurts, it hurts so /bad/, but he pushes through it, because it's worth it. “I know it's… Early. I know it is. But… I've never felt as connected to anyone as you, except Bucky.
“hey, it’s ok, you don’t have to explain to m—”
"But, uh, the miscarriage itself caused a tear in the uterus wall, and the doctors managed to repair it," he says, "but it will likely affect the chances of me successfully carrying to term in the future. I just...I thought you should know."
It's with shaking hands that he finally manages to flip the phone open and type out what he fully expects to be the last message he'll ever send to Tony. A wave of depression is starting to boil just under the surface, but there's a grim determination in the way he types his farewell.
“I’m sorry?” he asks softly, shaking his head. It’s so rare that he doesn’t hear things these days, he must be really out of it. Dehydration maybe, or hunger, though he doesn’t currently feel it. The medic clears her throat and tries again.
“So how are you here?” Ed smiles softly, amused, but not ceding.
Steve is careful with his steps, lightly placing one foot in front of the other, and trying to be as small in the environment as he possibly can. He feels like a kid again, like when he knew he had what for coming from his ma, but she wasn’t done fixing dinner, or washing the dishes. The weight of dread presses in on him from all sides, and he’s relatively certain that he can feel himself going mad with the anticipation. Tony offers no kind of succor either, silent and deliberate in his movements. Steve’s almost ready to heave a sigh of relief when they reach the private office, because at least he won’t have to play the ‘what if’ game anymore.
“Tony Stark. thought you looked familiar.” he's happy enough to let it die there, because his fascination with the gorgeous creature in front of him has sweet fuck all to do with his relation to mad gazillionaire Howard Stark. He allows his fingertips to trail back down Tony's body, resting over his hip, where a thumb gently strokes over the protrusion of bone there.  “You're gorgeous.” He whispers quietly, before leaning in for a lingering kiss. “And you're lucky you're not sixty-two, because I'm far from done with you tonight.”
“Because we’re both
“Then how are we both here and there?” he gestures over to the other end of the room wildly, suddenly confused, and sporting one hell of a headache for it. (or falling 20 stories. That could be relative.) Steve prime doesn’t say anything at first, merely crosses the room, and stops behind the hospital bed, leans down low, where he can keep his face level with bed ridden Tony’s. the look he gives the engineer is soft, fond, open in a way that makes Tony’s chest hurt, and he has to look away, despite the fact that it’s technically
“no idea what you’re talkin’ about, Buck, not a bit.”
talk.
He’s also painfully aware of the fact that he’s gone a little over thirty-six hours without messaging Pepper to inform her that he’s safe, and that’s three times longer than what she thinks is tolerable after one of her guys has been killed. Fourteen hours since he last saw Clint…Hell, if he hadn’t disabled the tracker Pepper placed on his phone earlier this month, he’s sure that someone would’ve barged in on them by now. Still, he pushes aside any anxieties he has and manages a smile, slow and easy. “Technically, I think it’s classed as lunch now. Little late for breakfast.” And it’s not an outright yes, but it’s sure as hell not a no. He’s sure Steve’s intelligent enough to read between the lines.
As much as he doesn’t trust himself to do it, still afraid that these hands are the ones that took their pup form them, he rests both hands on the curve of Tony’s jawline, applying gentle pressure, until he looks up. “I love you. ‘ve always loved you. You’re my family ok, and you’re… everything I’ve ever needed.”
“If… you want to spend some time with him… I have some patients I need to check up on in pediatrics, and I won’t be back for at least a couple of hours. ” she speaks to the chart, instead of to Steve, but he doesn’t care, because she said /yes/. He’s nearly overwhelmed with the desire to sweep her up into a crushing hug, but he refrains, because that’s probably crossing every line that exists in social contract, and it doesn’t matter, because she’s speaking again in the next instant. “His blood sugar is down, electrolytes are down, liver function…” Steve feels like his head is spinning, and he wants to throw up. All of that… that all sounds bad. This is turning out to be worse than even he could have expected it to be.
He shifts their position slightly, and sets Tony gently down, giving him a moment or two to make sure that he’s steady on his feet, before taking a healthy step back. It’s awful, and his hindbrain screams at him to step back into Tony’s space again, but that isn’t what they need right now. They need to talk.
He’s completely absorbed in the project that he’s working on, soldering a short in a particularly tricky bit of circuitry, when FRIDAY chimes politely.
“for being a completely different person, you’re a lot more like him that you’d think.” He says, indifferently, looking back over to the bed, where Tony still lies, puffs of air fogging the oxygen mask that’s covering his mouth and nose.
“‘Mmh, sorry babe, never claimed to be.” Goddamnit. The pet names, the familiarity between them is still too easy, it’s entirely too comfortable, to let himself fall back into. He needs to keep his head screwed on right, it’s not like this is the time for distractions. “What’s up, Stark?” he asks, a touch more removed.
He can feel a blush rising to his cheeks before he's even got the words out of his mouth, but it only worsens when he manages to do so.
Steve should agree. He should sigh, and drop his head into his hands, and let it go, make a smart decision for once in his miserable life, but he doesn’t
, but he’s not sure that he wants to trust anyone with that secret yet. He looks up, and his blue eyes fall on Tony’s patiently waiting brown ones. His heart skips a beat, like when he was young and the arrhythmia bothered him, any time he ran after Bucky, or found his way into yet another backstreet brawl. It’s just distracting enough that it’s hard to speak, and he tells himself that it’s the reason for the way his voice sounds rough and used when he answers simply with “a second chance.”
Steve growls lowly, near possessively, and bats at Tony's hand, where it's wrapped around his cock. It's not that he doesn't want the brunette to come, God, does he ever, it's just that… he doesn't want him to have to be the one to take care of himself. As soon as Tony's hand is out of the way, Steve's hand replaces it, moving smoothly up and down the shaft, his thumb dragging over the head lazily, and adding that bit of slickness to the motion. He looks up to Tony's eyes, wanting to check that everything's still alright, as he continues to roll his hips quickly. “Want you to go first, babe. Wanna see you come for me.”
Tony slipped off the dancefloor the second he caught glimpse of Clint over at the side of the room, heading the opposite direction, towards the bar. He knows that Clint has to have seen him, probably followed him here in the first place, checking up on him for Pepper or for Jessica, but his mental health isn't affecting the quality of the work he's doing, so it's none of their business. If he wants to get piss-drunk and jump the next thing that flirts with him, that's what he's going to do. He knows that there are drugs on the floor, knows he's
and what fun is the motorcycle when you can't feel any of your body parts?) and smiles. “Steve.” He leans in close again, presses a few kisses to Tony's neck and takes a moment to growl into his ear. “So Tony, your place or mine?”
“No. No, you’re not.” His voice is soft, tinged with what seems like regret, or guilt, but Steve doesn’t begrudge him wanting to keep his identity a secret. God knows there are enough people out there willing and ready to hurt heroes, or the ones close to them. It’s understandable.
"You only hold me up like this, 'cause you don't know who I really am... I've got headaches, and bad luck but they couldn't touch you, no. I'm not tryin' you only hold me up, like this..."
the call wasn't coming. For it to be him after all this time…
“Both my parents, and my uncle are dead, you dick, beat that!”
. He whines softly, and brushes gentle fingers through Tony’s hair, trying to ground him with touch as much as he might be able to. There’s blood on the omega’s face, that looks like it’s coming from his nose, but the winter weather’s been cold enough that this happens once or twice a week. There’s something else going on here. He settles behind Tony, wrapping his arms around him, and pulling him to lean against his chest, in hopes that it can help to soothe him.
“Shh, it’s ok. It’s gonna be ok. You’re ok.” He’s sure he’s lying to her, but it’s the best thing that he can do at this point in time. he might not be able to stop anything bad from happening to her, but he can for damn sure, make sure that she’s not alone.
"I don't know," he says slowly, even as he presses his ass against Steve's dick through the pajama pants, relishing the low hiss that it earns him. "Could always do some more math, get you ahead at work," he adds with a grin.
like that many) small time villains that tried to take them out over the last week, but his mouth, his entire
anything there.
“Thanks, Fri. I’m good, I’ll get something later.” There’s another long beat of silence, and Tony’s just started to turn his full attention back to the soldering pencil in his hand, when FRIDAY whirs again, softly.
Silence descends on the room.
Tony’s working on some kind of prosthesis program, it looks crazy scientific, all bright gleaming metals, and flexible plates that move with a fluidity that seems impossible. A few of the more ‘pet project’ pieces can do truly miraculous things, like repel bullets, and crush with the strength of a coconut crabs claw, but by and large, they’re just arms and legs, and the odd hand, waiting for a recipient.
It takes Tony a few moments to properly process what Steve’s just said. It’s…It’s a big thing, he knows that, and the annoying little logical part of his brain is insisting that it can’t be true, that it takes longer than that to fall in love with someone, that studies have shown—He blinks, tries to get his thoughts in order, cuts the logical part off because he’s pretty sure logic doesn’t have a place in the loft right now. So, he allows a smile to tug the corner of his lips up, and he leans forward to give Steve a gentle kiss. He doesn’t know how Bucky’ll react, doesn’t think he /wants/ to know how Bucky’ll react, but he’s willing to find out. When he pulls back, it’s with another smile and a quiet, “I love you, too, Steve. And I really am sorry about the three weeks between then and now; I should’ve…I should’ve just asked for your number.”
“and did mister stark come into contact with any superhumans directly? Maybe someone who can control the mind, or certain body functions?” she looks hopeful, and steve desperately wants to give her something to go on but he just… can’t. he shakes his head and looks down to Tony’s near broken form again, feeling personally responsible for this situation, no matter how wildly ridiculous the very idea was. Famike scratches something down on her paper and speaks again, seemingly ticking off a list that Steve can’t see. “ok, and any work with radioactive materials lately, any new experiments medically relevant?” Steve closes his eyes softly.
“Tony… you were out for almost two whole days, while they poked and prodded around your body, trying to figure out what happened? How… how did they figure it out so quickly in the end?” Tony squirms slightly, like he always does, when he’s uncomfortable about anything. The cut of a new shirt, tension in the tower, a battle plan that Fury wants enacted, that’s almost surely guaranteed to fail. His eyes are trained into an area of the room, the far corner, but Steve gets the distinct feeling that he’s not exactly
he moves to look through the warehouse window, peeks down to make sure that Gordon is behaving. He isn’t screaming, thank fuck, but he’s slumped over against his bonds, which means that Steve’s going to have to go all the way down to the kitchen, and pull adrenaline and a hypo out of the fridge to wake him back up. Great.
“I wasn’t,” Tony says, and he knows that he’s answering Steve’s question about whether or not he’s with the Hunt with those words, the slight shame they’re spoken with. But they’re the truth. Nobody sent him to that club, nobody told him who Steve was or who he was married to, and nobody instructed him to find his number, keep in contact. That’s all Tony, though he doesn’t know how to make Steve believe him. Bucky flicks the safety off the gun, presses the muzzle harder against his throat. Low and dangerous, he grits out a,
If self-preservation (a thing that Steve was beginning to think might have been a foreign concept for Tony) wasn’t reason enough to prove that he couldn’t be Iron Man, Peter and Harley, were. The kids were Tony’s sons, and from what Steve could see, the light of his life, though he seriously doubted he’d ever admit that out loud. For one, they both tended to have a competitive streak, and saying that would probably start world war three, in regards to who exactly was /more/ the light of his life.
Bucky stares blankly at Steve when he finally comes back to Wakanda, relatively well groomed, and smelling of… absolutely nothing, out of the ordinary. There’s scent on him sure, his natural spiced scent, something more mellow and smooth, that has to be Suri, and even the vaguely floral scent that Bucky’s come to associate with T’challa himself, but there’s absolutely nothing different. Which is more suspicious than anything, if you ask Bucky, not that anyone did. Steve tells him he’s decided to go through with (the monumentally stupid idea of) going back to America, and Bucky just raises an eyebrow.
“Never left. Home is whenever I’m with you.”
“Now when I come back, Gordon, I expect you to play
He's only looking for about 15 seconds when he spots him; a lithe wiry thing that moved like poetry and grace itself. Steve's breath caught in his chest and his fingers twitched with the need to possess. He stared, captivated, and decided then and there to rise to his feet and go find him. With any luck, he’d be just as interesting to talk to as he was to watch, right, and it’s not like Steve’s exactly having fun ‘networking’. Once he got to the dance floor, almost of his confidence fled as he searched for the man he
“I don’t know what Sam sees in you.”
Steve closes his eyes tight, buries his face against Tony’s neck and sucks in a wet breath. He has to force the air around where his heart is suddenly lodged in his throat. He can’t speak. Tony’s already halfway there and Steve’s never been so desperate for someone to say they love him as much as he is right now. Doesn’t even chance taking in another breath in case it breaks whatever spell is allowing Tony to speak his Words right now.
Steve feels his face heat and he glances towards the doorway, as if Stark’s going to walk through it at any second.
The anxiety isn’t new, but that fact doesn’t make Steve resent its presence any less. He’d dealt with nightmares, and persistent thoughts after coming out of the ice in the first place, after Bucky fell trying to chase down Red Skull, hell, all the way back to Azzano, when he couldn’t find Bucky.
Steve blushes lightly, and isn't that fucking bizarre, to start blushing now? “Yeah, uh. Born and raised in Brooklyn. It's not usually bad, but uh. Slips out every now and then.” And in that one sentence, Tony already knows more about him, the
“I told that motherfucker he has a type.”
Steve lets a pleased rumble slide through his chest, openly relaxing, with the way the tension bleeds out of Tony’s posture. The mere fact that he’s willing to to try for him, is enough to make something in steve’s chest feel warm and fuzzy and perfect. Tony’s willing to listen to him.
"It did," he concedes with a slight nod, and he doesn't make any moves to get away from Steve. That's certainly a warning sign - even in the medical bay, Rhodey and Claire are the only ones allowed to go anywhere near his injuries and scars. "Some guys thought they could kidnap Howard Stark's son for ransom," he says, and he wants to shrug the words off. It hadn't been his first kidnapping, and he's not sure if he's safer now with The Hunt. "Guess they wanted to scare me a little, or teach dad what would happen if he didn't pay." He's got scars from that, sure, a few down his back and one across his calf, but the bullet hole isn't from that. Still, telling Steve he was in a firefight is going to raise some questions.
that traffic is impossible to navigate in New York, that it's all constantly gridlocked traffic, taxis all honking at each other, and joggers running past them like they're standing still. And that's certainly true of rush hour, but this is an off time, and the weather's shit, no one wants to be out in this, so the roads are relatively clear. Steve's able to get to a pretty good speed, something definitely illegal, so they're back at the loft in now time, and his body's already thrumming with excess adrenaline. He parks and pulls the door open for Tony, smiling devilishly. “Fun ride?”
feel free to scream at me on tumblr @thejovialkynnadyg-ray.
- of all, you. I'm glad you're... Alive.] he doesn't say ok, because he's pretty damn positive that Tony isn't any semblance of that word. He knows for an honest to god fact, that he isn’t.
That unhappiness gets that much worse when he sees that fucking archer skulking around. They're not in no man's land this time, they're in Red Star territory, and him being here is enough for an act of war, depending on what the fuck he's up to in the shadows. Bucky growls lowly, and signals Frank to come in, watch his post while he figures out what that squirrelly bastard is doing here.
Steve nods and slumps against Tony. “I… I know I was wrong. I know I shouldn't have, I swear to God I never meant to hurt you, /either/ of you.” He sniffles pathetically and bumps his forehead against Tony's. “And I am clean. They gave me an antibody test and I demanded a viral load test. I'm... I promise I'm good.” And isn't this an embarrassing conversation to have? Isn't this something he never wanted to tell Tony? Never wanted him to look down on him. How the might have fallen.
There's a sound torn out of Tony's chest that sounds halfway to a sob, and Tony doesn't know if it's relief from being so close to Steve, from hearing that after it all, he’s still Steve’s star, or if it's something closer to neediness, because Steve being near him both eases and worsens the heat at the same time, and that's ten different shades of confusing. He shifts ever so slightly, careful to not topple both himself and Steve (though he doubts he could really topple Steve, even if he wanted to) and uses one hand to push Steve's mouth away from his scent glands, instead ducking down to kiss him.
I promise we're getting to the Bucky parts, we're so close, I can literally taste it. (Cinnamon, if anyone was curious!) I hope you enjoyed reading these idiots in love, as much as I enjoyed writing them.
“it's just supposed to be family right now, the attending hasn't been in yet…” Steve smiles at her, prettily, softly, the kind of smile that’s supposed to make you trust someone.
The sunrises here are gorgeous, and Steve thinks, not for the first time, about painting them. Oils, he thinks, they’d blend the most evenly. Though they still wouldn’t do a damn bit of justice to the way the hard packed earth bleeds seamlessly into the horizon, like maybe if you look at it closely enough, you’d begin to wonder if the earth and the heavens were one all along. No amount of acrylic, or gouache, pastels, or ink would capture the way the sun sparkles on the water of the river like a promise and a trick at the same time. even if they would, his heart wouldn’t be in it. Not anymore.
“Tony. Promise me we can see each other again. please, baby.” His words are quiet, like they’re meant only for Tony, because they are.
The ‘both of you’ of Steve’s sentence takes too long to filter through Rhodey’s brain, and when he finally gets it, the final piece of the puzzle slots into place for him. He’d been so concerned about the obvious distress on Tony’s face, and the aggression on Steve’s, he’d never bothered to look down. Where Tony is obviously heavily pregnant. The light T shirt he’s wearing makes it incredibly obvious, but the last several times Rhodey had seen him, he’d been in layers, wearing clothes big enough that he just looked like he’d gained some ambiguous weight. he racks his brain, trying to think of the last time he’d seen Tony. they talked almost every day, sure, but on video chats, and through text, and it’s easy to hide a bump then, isn’t it? He feels a wave of nausea wash over him. What kind of friend he must be, to not have even noticed.
[Hey.]
“You know,” he says, and he sounds more wrecked than he should this early on, “when I—when I said I want you inside me, I meant, like, five minutes ago.” He doesn’t even bother trying to bite back his next moan. “C’mon, Steve,” he adds, verging on a whine, rolling his hips as if to prove a point, “’m ready. Promise. I
“He wasn’t.” Tony notices Clint in the main doorway at the same time as Bucky whirls around and fires off a shot, hitting the doorframe and missing Clint’s head by about an inch. Tony can’t tell if he missed on purpose or not. Clint looks moderately offended, raises his hands in a gesture that’s supposed to mean surrender, and doesn’t try to move further into the loft.
Not, mind you, that Tony can't already smell Steve from the other side of the door, woodsy and deep, with the softest hint of sweetness, like a campfire and roasting marshmallows. He smells perfect. He smells like
"Just give me, like, thirty minutes," he says, voice quiet. He knows as soon as he's said it that there's no taking it back, that his body's recognized the signal to get rest. "And then wake me up. I
It takes him a lot longer than he would like, to find a lighter in this not lived in wreck of a half-home, but he does, eventually and he plops down on the couch with a tablet and a beer, to go over the product reports that Sam had sent him. It's relatively mindless work, and by the time he's made sense of the mess that Sam's made, two hours have passed, and he's well and truly stoned.
Steve smiles gently, and nods, pulling Tony in for another deep and searching kiss, before moving to get up. Tony already looks ready to drift off, and Steve isn't fond of the idea of bothering him. He pads quietly over to the dresser, and rifles for a few minutes until he comes up with a pair of pajama pants. He shimmies into them easily, and goes to the bedside table again, to pull out a pair of thick framed glasses. They're kind of nerdy, and hey, wearing them makes him feel like less of a mobster, so he doesn't question it much. He goes to grab the herb grinder that's sitting in the drawer, but pauses, shooting a glance over to Tony.
When he wakes up the next morning, the first thing Tony notices isn’t the pain that flares up in the lower half of his body when he tries to move, nor the fact that the alarm on the bedside table reads that it’s half past two in the afternoon (they were both less than sober, stayed up half the night fucking, so it’s not really a wonder that they slept for so long). No, the first thing Tony notices is the feeling of a warm arm underneath him, and another thrown over his waist. He knows he needs to get up, that this is typically the part where he sneaks out and, this time, will ignore any lingering feelings he might have, but he rolls over in Steve’s arms instead. He watches him for a couple seconds, as creepy as that sounds. With the curtains pulled over, he can almost pretend that the filtered light is coming from an early morning sun instead of a mid-afternoon one, and part of him desperately wants to know what Steve is like in the mornings, after nights he hasn’t spent in clubs and getting stoned. Tony leans forward, kisses his nose. When Steve makes some kind of sound that lets Tony know he’s awake, he smiles a little, shifts closer and tries to content himself with just…existing for the next few minutes.
"We agreed that one night stands were okay," he says, ever so slowly and carefully. "We never said anything about falling for other people, Stevie. I can't... I can't exactly stop you from pursuing him if you want, but I don't... I don't know how I feel. I just... how'd you react if you found me with another guy, saying I'm in love with him?"
about it.
Steve smirks fondly and presses a gentle kiss to the back of Tony's neck, before he pulls away and heads into the kitchen. “missed you too, babe.” he says quietly, and there's so much truth to it, it barely scratches the surface. He needs to tell Tony how poorly he's handled their time apart, needs to tell him about substances he's abused, and more importantly the string of recent conquests, because if their first night together taught him anything its that being upfront is a must, but he can't quite bring himself to ruin the time that they have, so he doesn't. Not yet. Instead, he rummaged through the cabinets until he finds the coffee he keeps here, and sets about to making a pot. He's getting ready to steel himself for a bad conversion when Bucky comes into the room, through the rarely used maintenance stairs. Steve raises an eyebrow, genuinely confused. “what are you doing here, Buck?”
“My apologies Captain. They just said partner, and you're listed as his next of kin. Admitting must have just assumed… I'll get it fixed no problem.”  Steve waves a hand dismissively and for reasons he can't explain it feels damn good to do so.
Stepping out of the cab, Tony tugs his jacket tighter around himself, fights the urge to take his scarf off before he gets inside because the last thing he wants is to catch a cold and be bedbound for a few days. Wouldn't be able to meet up with Steve if that happened, now, would he? He's tipped the driver more than enough to compensate having to drive through the snow that's only gotten worse since it started falling three weeks ago, and the cab pulls off the curb as he approaches the door of the gallery, easily noticing Steve inside. Better than him waiting out in the cold, definitely. He shifts his scarf from where it's covering his mouth and nose, presses up on his toes and pulls Steve close to kiss him.
Tony hums, all fake consideration himself, and leans down to kiss Steve's forehead. His gestures are overly fond and he knows it, but part of him is already mourning the fact that this night has to end, and he's determined to commit as much of it to memory as he can. Maybe he'll get lucky and cross paths with Steve again, maybe once he's no longer working with The Hunt. Maybe. He doesn't really know if he'll ever
It sounds dramatic, even when he reads it to himself. It's the truth, but maybe he shouldn't be that blunted. He sighs and deletes the message.
“Hmm. Now whatever shall we do with our time, Tony?” He asks in a faked oblivious tone.
Steve makes an annoyed little sound of agreement, and nods without breaking the kiss. He rolls his hips against Tony's and in the next instant, he's reaching to fumble with the snap and zipper of his jeans. Once they're open, he struggles with them for a second or two, before finally, mercifully, getting them off and kicking them somewhere ...else. His boxers aren't doing shit to hide his interest, and that's almost embarrassing, until Tony makes another of those quiet, barely there sounds. It's enough to spur Steve back into movement. he reaches forward with shaking hands, opening Tony's jeans, and ripping them down. Tony's underwear get caught up in the process and get tugged off as well, but Steve can't exactly bring himself to complain, when he gets a first real look at Tony. He's gorgeous, and Steve growls lowly in the back of his throat, before dropping to his elbows, and licking at Tony's cock, from base to tip.
"I mean, you do still owe me a breakfast," he says slowly, and his grin has to be audible. He's still not entirely sure how he feels about the fact that Steve's married, but the relationship - can he even class what they have as that yet? - doesn't seem to be bothering Bucky, and maybe that's a good sign. Maybe that's the universe telling Tony to go for it. "I get off work in another hour, and I'll be there on time. Promise." At least Steve now has his number to call him, if needs be.
“yeah. I’m him. How’d you know?” Tony shrugs, and folds his arms across his chest.
“Rhodey! It’s not what it
“Stark, as in… Howard Stark?” agent 13 nods, but offers nothing else, leaving the room shortly after. Always something to do, in a shadow government agency, Steve supposes. he smiles to himself, looking back to the dossier, and flipping it open. It’s nice, that his old friend managed to make something of himself. Build an empire, and carry on his work. He doesn’t know who this Tony is, but he figures if he has to watch someone, it’s nice that he’s watching the person who’s in control of Howards legacy. Maybe this won’t be so bad. A photograph falls out, a snapshot of Tony. He looks handsome, in that devil-may-care kind of way, a gentle wave of cedar brown hair, sunglasses pushed high up into it. He wore a faded shirt that had definitely seen better days, and jeans with holes and tears all through them. Almost everything about him seemed carefully constructed to be unremarkable, but the thing that kept drawing Steve in was his eyes. they were brown, but only insomuch, as the sky was ‘blue’ or the sun was ‘yellow’, ‘brown’ didn’t seem to be nearly enough of a description for the color that those eyes were.
Tony moves to press a kiss to Steve's nose, thinking the offer over. He doesn't particularly want to take a nap, wants to get as much out of the night as he can because he knows that they'll be parting ways tomorrow, and that he probably won't run across Steve again. At the same time, a thirty-minute power-nap doesn't sound too bad, would probably allow him to sleep off at least a little of the alcohol.
He gasps, and feels his whole body tense, as he tips over the edge, into orgasm. He lets out a loud breath, something that sounds exactly like a shattered benediction of 'Tony’, and his hips still, as he feels the condom grow warm with his release. He realizes two things in the next moment, that he's shaking all over, like a nervous teen, and that he's nestled his forehead against Tony's, both of them gasping in the same air.
Everything’s different now, and orienting himself to it is the hardest fucking thing. He can look back, from a clear, analytical perspective, and see so very many moments where a different choice might have saved them all of this heartache, but... none of that does him any good now. It doesn’t tell him how to take the shards of a broken life all around him, and assemble it into something resembling anything useful. The worlds best tactician, he’s supposed to be, and he can’t even talk to his omega. His… previous omega? Fuck, he doesn’t even know what to call Tony anymore.
Steve growls softly, tossing over Tony’s scent glands, and the newly refreshed bond mark. They’ll be tied for the next half hour, easy, and the room is over saturated with the smell of Tony. he tumbles contentedly, low in his chest, and pulls Tony in for a deep kiss. “you’re perfect. I love you, too.”
“He’s… he /was/ an alcoholic.” he says softly, in a wrecked, quiet whisper. Famike nods, like she’d already been expecting that, and steve only just manages to keep from making a pathetic sound.
Steve makes a strange little sound, that’s something between a growl, and a whine. It’s unattractive, and odd, and it hurts his throat, but he doesn’t know which sound would be better for the situation. He wants to help Tony, wants to get on with it, but..
The estate is gorgeous. It's got a sweeping lawn, and tons of trees for shade. It's idyllic. He could see himself and Tony living here, raising kids, being happy. He shakes his head, and scoffs at himself, bitter at how his rut is making him act overly paternal. Tony probably doesn't want kids with him anyway. in all the time that they’d He raises his hand over the heavy oak door, and Knocks lightly, terrified of the response. What if Tony doesn’t answer. What if he isn’t even here, it’s entirely possible he changed his mind, and decided not to show at all? He bites gently at his lower lip, worrying it in between his teeth, and silently panicking about everything.
“Look at him, Steve. /really/ look at him. He’s unconscious, and barely fucking breathing. You know just as well as I do that this is a 50/50 thing, if not worse.”  Something ugly, and hot begins to uncurl in Steve’s stomach. He’s angry, he wants to shout this guy down, argue in Tony’s favor but… for all points and purposes, this guy is right. Steve sighs softly, and second Tony smiles like the cat that just got the pet Canary, before sticking out his hand.
too excited about Christmas. The tower is decked top to bottom in lights, tinsel, garland and popcorn strings. Steve keeps wondering when the festivity is going to stop, but it never does, and for some reason, he kind of loves that. He’d never been too huge on Christmas himself, he and his ma were usually too flat broke to really do anything, and Bucky’s family was Jewish Rroma, so they did Chanukkiah instead. He’d been fully expecting to ignore the holiday in its entirety, but Tony clearly wouldn’t stand for that.
him. Or. My universes version of him. C’mon frozone, you can’t tell me that you haven’t laid out under the stars on a summer night, and just wondered if there were other places. Other whole worlds with other people just like us.” He trails off, and Steve’s only response is a slight frown. The worst part is that no, he really can’t say he hasn’t done just that. More than once. Ed continues, like Steve’s response was never really important anyway. “and if there can be other worlds, cap, why not other universes? Huh? Why not other places just like this big blue marble that are different, in one way, or a zillion?” Steve ‘humphs’ softly.
“Might be,” Tony agrees, voice verging on a purr that he prays is audible over the music. “Think we should go somewhere a little more private, though. You got a name?” There’s the slightest pause, and Tony leans ever so slightly closer, pressing a kiss to the guy’s jawline. “Kinda want to know whose name I’m gonna be moaning.”
Tony's spine straightens at the sound of Steve knocking against the door, the way it seems entirely too loud in the otherwise quiet house. The TV's on low in the background, some trashy Italian soap opera that Tony long ago stopped paying attention to, and he can feel his fight or flight response kicking into gear. There's no more postponing this, really. He pushes himself up from the couch slowly, careful to not move too much because his doctors advised him to stay away from blockers and suppressants for his first heat post-surgery, allow his body to fully recover, and he's marginally petrified of Steve catching the scent.
There’s a moment, a brief, flickering thing, where Steve’s eyes are still unsure, but it’s gone almost as soon as it starts, and he growls loudly, the sound ripping through the room in its ferocity. He flashes forward, and pulls tony into a kiss so desperate, it’s got to be just off of bruising. He rolls them gently, and pins tony to the mattress face down, easily. One hand comes up to grip at the back of his neck, his fingers digging in, in just the right spots, to be an effective scruff. Tony goes all but boneless underneath him, and Steve growls lowly in pleasure.
“Damnit, Gordon. And I wanted to trust you.” He sighs, like a disappointed father figure—Bucky always said that was his best trick—and tosses the rebar back into the drum, reaching for a wad of rags, lying on the nearby table. He forces the rags into Gordon’s mouth, while he’s still screaming, and shakes his head.
“hey, hey, you’re gonna be ok. Tell me… tell me what happened.” She stutters a few times, before she’s able to form words properly, and she chokes around a sob.
“nope. ‘fraid I can’t let you ask that, Starfox.” Steve must look confused, because there’s a sparkle in Ed’s eyes, that looks a helluva lot like mischief. “if I tell you, you’ll tell him. And if you don’t think Tony’ll search to the ends of the earth, to prove time travel exists, you’ve clearly never met the man. Your world isn’t ready for that. Not yet. And if I create too many paradoxes, I’m stuck here, which throws my world into chaos, and so on. Kinda like a puddle, one drop causes a ripple, goes all the way out to the edge of the pond. Or in this case, the galaxy.” He pauses in his speech, and looks over to the bed, watching the steady ‘puff puff’ of Tony’s breaths against the plastic mask. His next words are quiet, only meant as an off comment, of no real consequence, but they nearly knock Steve out of his seat. “it’s why I haven’t told you what’s wrong with him, yet.”
Tony doesn’t get a chance to make a joke, doesn’t get a chance to ask Bucky if he’s come to see about the possibility of a three-way. The second Bucky notices him, he’s crossed the distance between them in two long strides, presses him back against the nearest wall with enough force to knock the back of Tony’s head against it.
“Hey” Without thinking, Tony responds with what some people might consider a ‘meek’,
“Head back to the tower. Get showers, food, rest. You can come back any time after that, I’ll… I’ll keep you updated, as best I can.”
“Get the fuck out of my bar.” he says, barely a whisper. Clint blinks, slowly, feeling pinned under the weight of those painfully ice blue eyes.
[Hi.]
Tony whines, low and in the back of his throat, and tightens his hold on Steve before he can even attempt to move them anywhere. “’m quite comfortable here, thanks,” he mutters, though he can’t deny that the cold seeping into his bones is substantially more noticeable now that he’s in from outside. There are a million things running through his mind: he wants to ask how Steve’s doing, wants to ask about Bucky and if he’s chilled out since the last time Tony encountered him, wants to figure out where the hell their relationship’s headed. He can’t decide which he needs to voice first. In the end, he concedes about needing to move upstairs to recover some body heat, allows Steve to lead the way.
something must show across his face, though, because, Tony sets his burger down, shifts closer, and lays his hand on the back of Clints arm, like he’s a frightened deer that might bolt. (which… maybe wasn’t so far off from the truth.)
Steve’s exhausted. He’s been crying, for what seems like an eternity. He’s so close to being able to help tony, but further away than he could ever be. He had no idea what to do, so… he cries. He cries, and though he wipes each tear away as it comes, it always seems like there’s another one there to replace it. At some point, he gives up, and just lets it go. A nurse had been in earlier, to switch Tony’s drip bags, and mentioned something about a new medication, something given as a half hopeful treatment to epileptic patients who’ve suffered too many seizures. She’d made it sound like the prognosis was grim, and frankly, that fits how Steve’s feeling.
. I mean… I hadn’t decided.” There’s a single beat of silence there, and it tells Rhodey all he needs to know. Tony needs to talk. “forget it, you’re right, I don’t know what I was thinking. Hey, are you hungry?” typical Tony then, open up a tiny crack, and if what you see through it is anything but light, slam it shut just as quickly as you possibly can, deflect for good measure, throw out a red herring, hope someone bites. Rhodey hates Howard for teaching Tony this mental chess.
(See the end of the chapter for
you to fuck me.”
fucking easy to take a step forward, press Tony’s back up against the doorframe, and mouth eagerly at his swollen scent glands. His scent explodes in Steves mouth, bitter and sweet, cloying, like treacle.
Tony’s sure as hell not expecting Steve to say that, and he tries to shove down any butterflies that are currently forming in his stomach. Breakfast doesn’t necessarily mean anything – he’s had one night stands before who offered him breakfast, and they remained as that: one night stands. And he knows that the longer he postpones the inevitable, the more painful it’s going to be to say goodbye, and maybe he’s beginning to regret not taking a chance with the redhead who tried flirting with him earlier on last night. This sure as hell wouldn’t be happening with him.
Technically speaking, he can’t. all Avengers business is S.H.I.E.L.D. business, until officially declassified by the proper brass. And since S.H.I.E.L.D. is every bit as expansive as the U.S. military, declassifying missions is every bit as much a priority. Which is to say, it isn’t. but he looks over to Tony, limp and helpless in the bed, and he knows he’ll gladly face down a court martial, if it means that there’s the slightest chance that Tony’ll wake up. He still has the good sense to affect a hesitancy he doesn’t feel.
“Might not be too bad.”
Steve shakes his head, and ruffles gentle fingers through Tony’s hair. “you’re insufferable. You know that?” Tony nods, with a wicked smile, and Steve leans down to press the gentlest of kisses to Tony’s cheek. “c’mon. I’ll take you.” Tony feels his heart flutter, and make a valiant attempt to beat out of his chest. After everything, he still manages to find himself smiling. This time, he’ll let himself go.
Steve hates the idea, but even has to admit that it has merit. This gives him time to go back to Wakanda, see if there’s anything T’challa can do about immunity from his side. In the weeks since he’s been gone, Bucky’s been texting him, keeping him updated on the political front. Wakanda’s doing a lot for the rogue avengers, and it’s looking more and more like the Accords might not actually hold as much water, as everyone thought in the first place. He sighs heavily, and pushes a hand through his hair.
It’s been two days, three hours, forty seven minutes, and nineteen seconds since Steve had woken up in a fake rehabilitation room (or a real rehabilitation room, with fake décor, and a fake nurse, he still hasn’t really worked that out) and he already hates what the world has become. Everything is too loud, too bright,  too… wrong. Entirely too alien and wrong. It’s like something out of a HYDRA Christmas catalogue, tech and lights, and sounds every which way you turn. It makes him sick.
[I'll always worry about you, Tony.]
“Hmm, you're a year older than me then.” His voice comes out much thinner and raspier than he wants it to, and he distracts from it, by tracing over a scar on Tony's collarbone. It looks nasty, like it may have been a bullet hole. Steve smiles softly, in sympathy. “Looks like it hurt.” He keeps his voice low, judgement free.
Steve sighs and runs a hand through his hair, ruffling it up that much more.
“If I tell you it’s a British liqueur, is that more or less hipster?” he asks, a hint of amusement to the lilt of his voice. Bucky’s disappointment, somehow, gets more palpable.
(See the end of the chapter for
The aids are right next to the med minder, and there’s really no reason not to put them on, other than that Clint isn’t actually sure that he’s that ready for his day to start. It’s a strange distinction, probably. Ear on, means that there’s absolutely no more avoiding the waking world. But hey, the ritual is his, and those are important to him, so he lets it go, focuses instead on checking over the pills in the slot in front of him.One pink oval that’s a one and done, plus another that he’s going to have to take again before the days over, one white oval that’s more god damned horse pill than it is, anything else--he gets to take that one twice too, joy upon joys-- and he’s good for now.There’s a blue and white capsule in there somewhere, that’s truly the epitiome of medical festivity, but that’s for twelve hours later, and yeah, he’s learned that lesson a couple of times already, thank you very much. By now, the coffee’s done, and yeah, he should probably hydrate, or at least chase his medication with something other than grocery store brand black coffee, but he’s never claimed to like himself, has he?
—  Sarah Dessen.
Tony’s words have a possessive, aggressive growl tearing through his chest, and his hips stutter and still for just a moment, before he pulls out completely. He settles one hand over Tony’s shoulder, and flips him easily, so that he’s laying on his back. So they’re face to face. Steve’s quick to crowd up against him, get back into his space, and he pauses only to bend down and press hot, opened mouthed kisses to Tony’s jaw, and scent glands.
There's a noise torn from Tony's chest that's entirely too close to a sob for comfort, and he focuses instead on arching his back, trying to take as much of Steve as he can. Fingers are far better than tongue in terms of making the fog that's settled over his mind dissipate enough to at least think through it, but it doesn't help with anything in the long run. The only thing that's going to ease any of the heat is Steve's knot, and Tony knows that Steve can't hold out for much longer, that it has to be taking every ounce of self control he has to not jump straight in at the pass, but Tony doesn't know how much longer he can wait.
between them, that seems to defy all of the logical rules of every one night stand that's ever existed, demands savoring-- but never offended. “I've got some work to look over, if you want a nap?” He suggests lightly.
"I'm so sorry," he says, the words leaving him in a rush as he pulls back to look at Steve. He doesn't really know what he's apologising for: the civil war, the accords, not knowing he was pregnant, losing their child, not telling Steve about it. He just knows he has to apologise. "Steve, I don't--I can't--I'm sorry." He falls silent for a moment, watching Steve watching him, and then adds a quiet, "We should go inside. In case...In case anyone sees us." There isn't anyone for miles around and they both know it, but Tony's still a tad paranoid.
“welcome home, Steve.” Steve leans down, and presses a lingering kiss to Tony’s cheek.
wasn’t the greatest irony—or… he can’t let his mind go there, it’s been three weeks, the call isn’t coming. “Go for Steve.” He growls out, after turning off the call holding system.
When he does decide he should probably pay attention to the guy he knocked into, he has to put effort into biting back about five different comments that come to mind. All inappropriate, and all things he’d regret in the morning. “Sorry. About bumping into you. Someone shoved me and I lost balance and—” He cuts himself off, stops the rambling before it can really begin. “I’m Tony.” Steve smirks again, before taking Tony's hand and kissing the back of it gently. It's a bold move, and it's a little odd for this situation, sure, in the middle of a dancefloor, but he's nothing, if not committed to his craft. He leans in close to Tony, using the thumping bass as an excuse to get close and speak right into his ear.
The reflexes of the human body truly are fascinating. Tony goes with the movement naturally, wrapping his legs around Steve’s hips, and tightening them enough to keep them close, and to keep himself from slipping down. Steve groans softly, and suddenly everything is much, much less innocent.
"How long, how long will I slide?
He burrows under the thick duvet on his bed, even more, trying to tuck himself into as small of a ball as he can manage. The thing about hiding though, is that it only works if you’re not hiding from yourself. His thoughts, not surprisingly, don’t go anywhere, and he growls in frustration at himself, flopping onto his back and glaring up at the ceiling.
He yawns obnoxiously, and puts the tablet away, takes another couple of hits off of the bowl, and heads back into his room. Tony's curled up around a pillow and he looks like the sweetest thing. Steve feels himself smiling gently. He's light with his steps, coming around to 'his’ side of the bed, and touching Tony’s face gently. “Tone?”
"No," Tony says, crossing the space between himself and Steve in a heartbeat. He'd known this would happen, had known that Steve would take on the blame just as Tony had in the initial weeks after the miscarriage, even after the doctors had informed him that the miscarriage wasn't anything caused by trauma. It had started five days after Tony got home from Siberia, after all, and the majority agreed that if it had been trauma-related, it would have either happened in the immediate aftermath or a day after. Not five. Tony moves to take Steve's hands in his own, even if there's resistance there from Steve. It stings, but Tony knows it's nothing personal.
[I’m glad you’re alive, too. I just…I can’t do this, Steve.]
Tony’s upset at that admission, of course he is, but he’s pretty certain that he knew, deep down somewhere, that he probably wasn’t special. Getting a confirmation on that hurts more than he’d care to admit, but he can push aside his own feelings for the sake of remaining the level-headed one in the conversation, because Bucky makes a noise that Tony can’t put a name to at Steve’s confession, takes a deep, shuddering breath. “Others,” Bucky repeats, slowly, like he can’t quite remember the meaning of the word. Or like he doesn’t want to believe it. “You…Steve, we talked about this after I found him—” He nods in Tony’s direction— “here. You’re…I’m fine with the one night stands if you tell me about them, Steve. I’m just…I don’t like finding out after the fact.” Steve had enough decency to tell him about the redhead, yes, but he hadn’t heard about anything after that. Probably would have put the pieces together if he hadn’t been too busy suffering through withdrawal himself, at Sam’s place. Again, Tony takes a different approach. “Were the needles clean?” he asks, because it’s pretty damn important that Steve gets tested if he doesn’t know or can’t say for sure. “Did you…” And, God, this hurts to ask, and he knows he doesn’t have any right to feel hurt, that Bucky’s the one who holds that, but still, “The one night stands, did you use protection?”
“S’alright, Tony,” Clint assures him. He doesn’t have his bow, only has the pistols hidden under his jacket in the shoulder holsters, but they’ll be found and confiscated if Steve or Bucky have enough wits to pat him down, and he’s not entirely sure he can take them on with his fists without Bucky killing Tony. And if Tony dies, Pepper’ll murder Clint before she sets the entirety of Red Star’s territory on fire. “This doesn’t have to turn into a firefight, fellas. We all put any weapons down, I call my contact with the codeword to call them off, and we talk this out. Nobody’s here to harm either of you, and there’s little reason for you to harm us.”
tender, that Steve catches himself actually closing his eyes to hold back tears. Tears. From sex. Not pain tears. Steve's body has officially pulled a mutiny on him, and he's being controlled by his emotions, while his reasoning, thinking side walks the plank. He can see it now.
“S-Steve?” his voice sounds about a thousand times more thin than he wants it to, but hey, he’ll take what he can get. Frankly, he’s shocked that he can speak at all, at this point. “what… what… how? And, /why/, actually?” Steve prime smirks, and takes a step closer.
“Still get the cold thing, huh?” Steve hums noncommittally. Bucky shakes his head, and sighs. “Steve. Do us both a favor, and text your husband, you sad sack.” Steve’s entire line of posture goes stiff, and he stares at Bucky, frozen. How does he know about the phone? He… he hadn’t told anyone about that, save for T’challa, and even then, it was only as a matter of security. Something of a question must show on his face, because Bucky just smirks in that infuriating way of his, and taps a fingertip to his temple. Steve huffs.
“curiouser, and curiouser, right Steve-Person? Pod-Steve? Do you have a prefere—’ he turns, with a smirk, to make sure his joke is being appreciated, and realizes he’s talking to no one at all. He hums to himself softly. “Things just got interesting.”
“I… I’m sorry, Cap. He’s… got a higher clearance than you, with the override code.” Steve whines softly, starting to realize that this might not go the way he needs it to.
"How far will I go, to make it feel right? come home, I have to fix this on my own. replace my heart, because mine broke the day I let us end. Replace my heart, I don't wanna live by coping, I'm done with hoping, end."
“William?” the woman that speaks is gorgeous, standing at the other end of the hall, wrapped head to toe in a red dress, strappy at he shoulders and back, and dripping in crystals, so much so, that as she steps forward, there’s the faintest of tinkling sounds. Her hair’s swept elegantly up into an elegant bun at the back of her head, and pinned with a large red rose, perfectly color matched to her dress. Tony smiles softly.
it rough? Steve can't turn down that invitation. He pulls back, just long enough to manhandle Tony, to hook his legs over his shoulders, and grab his hips between bruising hands. He tugs him back, until he's sinking back into his body, and the resistance is still there, but it's so
“Man, you own the bar.” Bucky nods, solemn and reserved.
Tony so damn much. Spent nights and days waiting, only to give up hope completely, get as drunk or as high as he could in the hope to forget him, picked up as many thin brunettes as he could for a quick round of hate sex and started the whole process over again, the next day. He shakes his head trying to forget about it. “How-h-how have you been?”
“Such a good little thing for me, aren’t you, Tony? so good.” He doesn’t hesitate any longer, pulling Tony’s cheeks apart, and leaning forward, to lave at his hole slowly. The taste of slick, sweet and heavy and perfect, is almost enough to stagger Steve. He knows he growls again, but he can’t bring himself to care, in the slightest.
“YOU CAN’T FUCKING SHOOT HIM, JAMES!” Steve’s panicked at this point, because he’s seen that look on Bucky’s face before, and it’s the face that says ‘I’ve already made up my mind, and nothing short of divine intervention is going to change it.’.
uhh, notes to make, in this fic Tony's aged down, to somewhere around 27. he's still infamous Howard Stark's son, but we fate bent, to the point that Howard and Maria are still alive at the moment, so Tony's more free.
“Thanks" he mutters, before grabbing the small ornate box, and heading into the other room.
“Yeah. listen, drinks on the house, but finish that, and get the fuck outta my bar.” he says, lowly, keeping his voice even. It’s a decent enough threat. It’s vague enough to be threatening, but not to prove threat, and its steady enough that it leaves no room for brokerage. It’s a job well done. So, of course, he has to fuck that up, by opening his fat mouth, lip curled in disdain. “What the fuck is that, anyway. Is that… gin and grenadine? What kind of delinquent are you?”
“C’mon. I gotta go work. I got a lead on Davis.” Tony pouts, but Clint suspects that he might have done that, no matter what the hell the blond said.
Steve not exactly sure what he's expecting Tony to say, but… it isn't that. That's… kind of the best news he's heard all day. He's been holding himself back, afraid of hurting the lithe brunette, but hearing that he
Bucky, raises an eyebrow, from where he’s cocking his gun and staring down back, disinterested, like he’s checking for dirt.
"I'm not a perfect person, there's many things I wish I didn't do. but, I continue learning- I never meant to do those things to you. And so I have to say before I go, that I just want you to know. I've found a reason for me, to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new, and the reason... is you."
By November, Steve and Tony are good friends. Steve is pretty much the only bodyguard left on day shift, aside from his Tuesday off, and even then, he stops by to visit either Tony, or the kids more often than not. When the invitation for Thanksgiving comes, Steve isn’t exactly surprised, but he’s beyond flattered, and squarely into a ‘touched’ territory. Everything goes wonderfully, except the turkey catches fire, which for half of a second is terrifying, but Harley is fast with the extinguisher, and Peter finds a nice Spanish Bodega that’s open through the holiday, which means that they’re able to get pre-sliced turkey, that’s a lot less clean up anyway.
“It’s fine. But… it’s not like I don’t know how much you like a sob story, Tony.” he says, eyes taking on a bit of a flinty edge to them. He doesn’t voice it, but a bitter thought comes to mind. ‘Hell, you gave me the time of day, when I was a sob story.’
Steve shivers softly, Tony's kisses doing just enough to get his heart rate kicked up a notch or two. He smiles slowly at the brunette, and pulls him into his lap, fixing him with a considering look, before kissing him deeply. Tony's skin is sleep warm, and soft, wherever it touches him, and there's the slightest impression of lines across his skin, where the sheets had pressed against him as he napped. He's adorable, Steve thinks.
Tony finds the glasses after checking five different cupboards, and decides that Steve needs to rethink his interior design choices for the kitchen. Or maybe think about investing in signs for each section. That would go a long way to helping in times like this. He lets the tap run for a second, makes sure the water’s cold before he fills it three-quarters of the way up so that Bucky doesn’t end up spilling it on himself and, if he does, there’s less to clean up. When he pads back into the bedroom, he raises an eyebrow at the way Bucky’s sprawled across the bed. One leg’s still on the floor, and it doesn’t even look like he managed to get that shoe off. With a sigh, Tony sets the glass down on the bedside table and kneels down to tug the shoe off, moves his leg so that it’s properly on the bed, and decides that it’s probably best if he sleeps on the couch for the next few hours. Steve and Bucky both need rest, and Tony’s still young enough that sleeping on a couch won’t feel like hell for the next week. Still, he runs a hand through his hair, sets about pulling the blankets back up over Steve where they’ve fallen down because it’s cold out and the last thing either of them need is to come down with something. “You’re both gonna be the death of me,” he mutters, to no one but himself.
"Makes you feel any better, you're very distracting too," he says, leaning down to kiss Steve's jawline. "Somehow wandered into my dreams. Definitely distracting." He's not going to get into any detail about what the dream was about, because it definitely didn't have anything to do with their earlier activities, instead a whole lot softer with a whole lot of wishful thinking. He's not going to lie to himself about how quickly he's becoming attached, knows it's probably foolish and potentially dangerous, but that doesn't mean he's going to tell Steve the truth. They set out for a one-night stand, and Tony knows that's what they're going to end as. They have an expiration date, and it's the morning. "So," he says, words careful, "what fun things were you thinking about?"
Steve’s eyes go wide, and he laughs, uneasily. It’s not funny, none of this is funny, it’s just that That’s not... that
of the way his voice comes across casual.
[You weren’t worried in Siberia.]
He’s battered, and beaten, but hadn’t considered the possibility of ‘broken’. Not until sitting up, and getting…. All of nowhere. “the fuck?” he mutters quietly. He tries to sit up again, and still, nothing happens, and he feels the first few tendrils of panic start to set in. he can’t move. He can’t get up, he can’t wiggle his goddamn toes—this is exactly like those horrible paralysis nightmares he used to have as a kid, where he would wake up in a dead sweat, but even still couldn’t move for a solid thirty seconds or so after his eyes started to take in the vaulted ceiling. He swallows thickly, and a weak voiced whine goes down with the very little saliva he has left.
Ed’s up just as fast, standing in Steve’s space, and pushing back against him just as hard, even for his significant height difference. “Because I can’t lose you again!”
“Last night was…” He trails off, because ‘fun’ doesn’t even begin to cover how he feels about what went down, about how Steve made him feel. After a beat, he settles for a, “Something else.” And it’s no better than ‘fun’, not really, and he’s aware he’s dragging this out, making it more painful for himself than it needs to be, but he can’t help himself.
“C’mon, buddy. I gotta go to work.”
“oh god.” He mutters softly.  Ed stands awkwardly for a few more seconds, and then he takes an aborted half step toward the door.
isn’t cooperating, so he has no choice but to lay there and just… wait. Which he’s never been particularly good at. Steve triggers the safety that autoreleases the suit, and that’s when Tony knows it’s… not good. If whatever is going on is serious enough to take him out of the suit, it has to be bad news. Sure enough, like the mere thought is enough to act as harbinger, somewhere over his right shoulder, he hears an emergency medical technician say something about a hospital. Falling really fucking sucks.
Steve smiles softly at Tony, and brushes his fingers through his hair, gently. There’s something so captivating about him, and it’s dangerous. Steve’s pretty sure he’s fucked, only he could fall for a one night stand, this hard, this fast. For a few seconds, he allows himself to consider all the mundane things that he would like to do with Tony, if this relationship wasn’t doomed from the start. Nice dinners out, strolling through museums. Actually showing him the gallery, telling him what it means to him… his chest twinges painfully, and he shakes his head. Fuck. What comes out of his mouth, is a lot more devil may care, and a lot more vapid, and he kind of hates himself for it.
He grips Tony’s ass tightly, taking a moment to fully appreciate how absolutely perfect he looks like this. His muscles are corded, tensing and rippling in the anticipation of what’s to come. Tony’s entire body is impatient for his alpha, for Steve, and that one singular fact settles deeply into his chest and makes him growl out his satisfaction.
“Thanks,” Tony mutters, pulling on his t-shirt. His body’s protesting at this much movement, insisting that he lies down for a good few hours and tries to sleep through the worst of the pain in his lower back, but he doesn’t exactly have a choice at this particular moment in time. He checks his back pocket for his phone, finds it still in one piece – if he had been wary about the potential of Steve finding something out before, he’s terrified now – and also finds twenty-seven missed messages from Clint, three calls from Pepper, and one of each from Rhodey. Well, looks like he isn’t getting that nap any time soon.
"Fuck... Tony I... In in pre-rut. It hit this afternoon." Tony closes his eyes and allows his head to thunk back against the edge of the bath, phone still held to his ear. Meeting with Steve while he’s in rut would be a bad idea and Tony knows it, but there’s some small part of him that still wants to be there regardless. Tony and Steve haven’t been apart for so long that their cycles are no longer synced, though Tony’s not due to his pre-heat for another two days, so their cycles are beginning to edge apart. The thought shouldn’t scare him as much as it does.
“How did you end up in our club, Tone?”
“If it’s…If it’s safe, I’ll find a way to contact you, okay? Don’t…Don’t give me your phone number.” He doesn’t want to chance Clint going through his phone again (happens more than he’d care to admit, and usually just because Clint’s bored, not a big problem given that Tony only tends to keep his work phone on him), and he knows that he should be able to find Steve’s number if he can break through enough firewalls, route anything through his computers instead of his phone – much more difficult to hack into. “This doesn’t mean I’m not pissed.”
Tony doesn’t look convinced, not in the slightest, but he isn’t immediately arguing, and really, Clint guesses that’s all that he can hope for. So he smiles softly, tries to put every ounce of comfort into it, that he can. Even when the amount he actually feels for himself is… abysmally small.
“Cap. Hey, buddy, ‘m sorry, dunno what happened. What happened with the battle?” Steve walks past him, like he never even heard, and Tony’s in the process of pouting and telling his co-leader exactly how heinous of a crime that is, when he turns slightly to the side, and gets a good look at the bed. More importantly, the bed, with
“Never really did like hospitals, did you?” Steve. Er… another Steve, leans up against the doorjamb, arms folded over a chest that is seriously stretching the Grey T-shirt that’s on it. Tony gives him a look that’s beyond confused, and well into bewildered, and Steve (Steve prime? Tony’s mind suggests, quietly, trying desperately to make some sense of this nonsense.)
“Don’t—” he cuts himself off, as he realizes that his word comes out laced with more growl than actual voice, dripping in alpha influence. He clears his throat, and closes his eyes for a moment or two, to focus, because if he doesn’t get it under control, he’s going to end up Voicing accidentally, and that hasn’t happened since puberty.
,” he repeats, though he doesn’t take his eyes off Steve, desperate and pleading. “Steve, sweetheart, I—I didn’t know who you were before I met you at the club, had no fucking idea that you were involved with Red Star, that you were married to Bucky Barnes. I’m the Hunt’s
But there’s still a reluctance to say any of that, because Tony’s lying too. He hates all of this, the situation they’ve found themselves in, but he doesn’t hate Steve. He sniffs, uses his free hand to wipe away a tear threatening to fall as he types out a message.
Steve's been in a destructive downward spiral, ever since whatever he had with Tony went bust, and he's not willing to admit he’s anything but ok, but Bucky's seen the patterns enough in himself to know that he's fucking not. Steve never touches the product beyond herb, and three times in the last month, Bucky's seen him freebasing. He tells himself he isn't going to have to fight the addiction battle with Steve. Not with Steve. But the way he comes up nervous as hell, and shaking, he's expecting the worse.
That would mean not meeting Tony though, and Steve can’t really imagine being in a world where he’s not. Even if they’re at each other’s throats, Steve needs Tony to function. He’s pretty certain that there’s a S.H.I.E.L.D head shrinker somewhere, that would cringe at that simple admission. He sighs, and drops his gaze back to the pieces of toast on the counter in front of him, no longer hungry. Not eating now means he’s going to be halfway to starving by the time he gets out of the palace though. He’s not quite in pre-rut, but he’s staring it down in the next two weeks or so, and starving himself just means making it worse for himself, so he sighs, and reluctantly downs both pieces of toast with jam, and the apple he’d polished for himself. he’ll still need to eat in a couple of hours, but this should keep him ok for now.
anymore Stevie, c’mon, you gotta know how huge that is.” Steve makes an involuntary whine, and shakes his head, turning away and looking anywhere but at the eyes that have him pinned like a bug under a microscope, unable to escape.
Steve yawns widely, and scrubs his face in the pillow. He’s not really awake, not yet, it always takes him forever and a day to properly come to consciousness. He smiles lightly at Tony and blinks his blue eyes open, slowly. “you’re still here. Thought it was a dream. Shoulda known my imagination wasn’t good enough to conjure something as beautiful as you up.” His words are too sweet, he knows that. He knows he’s being too poetic for a one-night stand, but… hell, they’ve made it this far, the axe is about to fall on this… whatever it is that they have, so what’s the harm in being a little overly sweet?
offended.” And he really won't, he tells himself. Sad, sure, because this… this
“I came to get you.” Tony waits an inordinate amount of time, to see If Steve prime has anything else to say, but when nothing comes, Tony huffs out a frustrated breath and sets his mind to getting some proper answers out of this situation. Or. He
"You live above an art gallery?" His first immediate question about that is whether or not it means that Steve likes art, or whether it's a place bought merely out of convenience - cheap rent or the like. He doesn't exactly know why it feels important, but Jessica's always talking about trusting gut instincts and curiosity, so he does that. "I'll be honest, didn't imagine someone who looks like you having an interest in art."
Eventually, T’challa gets frustrated enough with it, that he offers Tony political asylum in Wakanda, based on his involvement with the Accords, and the UN’s conduct since. It’s nice to have the back up, but they both pray to God that they don’t have to use it. They… they still haven’t owned up to Tony being pregnant, despite his bump getting bigger by the day. Steve throws himself fully into working on their legal options, and Tony allows himself to be distracted by watching their pup grow and develop with every day. It’s not for much longer. It’ll be over soon.
He sighs heavily, and sinks down into a hard backed waiting room chair. This is…  less than ideal.
“did…” but he knows the answer, doesn’t he? He shakes his head weakly. “I killed them.” it’s matter of fact, flat and impartial, like most truths are. He can feel his mind starting to work double time, trying to recover from the worst news he thinks he’s ever heard, and knowing that he’s the cause.
Separate my side, I don't
to be the guy from before, he's the same build, same height, which is just a
“anything from T’challa yet?” he asks quietly, hopefully. Steve sighs.
He shouldn’t answer it. He really shouldn’t answer it. If he answers it, weeks (/months/) of progress are down the drain. All for naught.
"Not many," he eventually concedes, before adding a, "Hardly ever, actually. You cried while you were having sex with him?" his voice is light, teasing, and he raises his eyebrows in open, if loving mockery. The information about the GSW is more than a little troubling, and Bucky makes a mental note to ask Frank to poke around in Tony Stark's background, figure out what he could have gone through that would have resulted in that. As far as he knows, the media probably would've gone crazy if Howard Stark's kid got himself shot in something scandalous, or was attacked, and there's no way the kid ever went to war. He doesn't say anything about it being suspicious to Steve, because there's no need to worry or offend him before Bucky has anything concrete on the guy. And he's not trying to keep Steve from Tony. He's not. He's watched him go through hell and back with how poorly he was as a kid, and he'll be damned if any more harm befalls Steve if there's something he could do to prevent it.
"And I was holed up in the office, helpin' Sam with numbers," he says quietly, because part of him understands why Steve might not have wanted to come into the office and talk if he was buzzed, because Bucky most definitely would have tried to talk him out of doing anything unless he was sober and certain. A few, long seconds pass, and Bucky tightens his grip on Steve ever so slightly. "Did you mean what you said?" He asks, and the idea of an answer terrifies him. "About falling in love with him?"
Steve’s eyes narrow against his will, as he quickly turns over all of his memories from the war. He’d met almost every single scientist, nurse, physicist, that had anything to do with project insight, hell, he even shook the hand of the janitor that mopped the floor that day, he’d been so damn eager not to be a tiny broken thing anymore. He couldn’t remember a single Armstrong, that had anything to do with
this chapter of this fic is posted on 2/6/2018 (mostly. it's after midnight for me, but it still counts) because today is 60 days clean and serene for me. if anyone reading this is in recovery, I'm proud of you.
Steve wants to argue, wants to retreat, and hide like the overgrown child he is. He’s gotten something horrifically wrong here, misread some message, and missed his chance. He desperately wants to rewind time a few hours, try all over again, or better yet, politely take the fucking cookie and avoid this situation entirely, like the master tactician he’s supposed to be. He wants to melt into the floor, and disappear, but Tony’s form has already retreated, and there really isn’t any other option than to follow him.
“Hey,” Tony says, keeping his voice quiet. “Don’t worry, I was just getting a glass of water for our late-night visitor over there.” He nods in Bucky’s direction, doesn’t really look over at him before he leans down to press a kiss to Steve’s forehead. It’s only when he pulls back that he actually looks over to Bucky, and he’s seen Jess when she’s high enough to notice immediately that something’s off. “Bucky?” he asks, leans over Steve to poke Bucky’s arm. When that doesn’t get so much as a mumble, he raises an open palm over Bucky’s mouth and nose, feels the slightest hint of air ghost over his skin, and it means he’s still breathing at least. “Steve, get his—get his head back. I think he’s—/shit/—I think he’s overdosing.” Tony grabs his jeans from where they’re lying in the doorway, takes out his phone and dials 911. Even if this isn’t an overdose and is just a false alarm, he’s still going to be insistent that Bucky gets checked out by a doctor.
Tony’s vision lights up for a second, and he knows that he makes a noise closer to a yell than a moan. Feels it work its way out of his throat, more than he actually hears himself. He wasn’t exactly expecting that. Probably should have been, given that it’s kind of the goal, but Steve’s managing to maintain control of himself, seems to be keeping the majority of his movements slow, just on the wrong side of torturously so. To be caught off-guard with a quick movement like that…it’s something. He whines when the feeling starts to ebb, pushes himself down against Steve’s fingers so that they can hurry along and he can get Steve inside of him. Patience was never really one of the virtues he possessed, but he can see Steve’s cock through his boxers and nobody could really blame him for being a little antsy in this situation.
He knows his mind’s manifestation of Steve is there, before he even turns around. His mind is nothing, if not predictable, and downright cliché. He turns slowly, and dream Steve is staring at him, that easy understanding smile locked on his perfect lips. “I’ll take you, Tony.”
“Tony.” he starts off quietly. “I don’t know if you can hear me, but… you’ve gotta come back, pal. I don’t know what I’m gonna do without ya. Or what I’m gonna tell the team. No one knows what happened, and I hate that I wasn’t there for you. If you don’t come back, I don’t know how I’m gonna forgive myself for this.” He hates how pathetic it sounds, but it’s true. He cares about tony, more than he maybe has any logical, sane, reasonable right to. He feels like he’s spinning out of control, and has no idea what to do. He sniffles softly, and drops his forehead to the edge of the bed. “Tony, you gotta come back to me. I… I love you.” It feels odd, to say it out loud, after all of this time, but right nonetheless.
“Baby.” Steve says in the most wrecked voice he thinks he's ever heard. “Don't you dare leave me, James, don't you leave me! This isn't the end of the line!”
“you’re gonna look so perfect Tony, all round with our pup.” He whines softly, on a particularly good thrust, and his eyes flutter shut of their own accord. “God, ‘m gonna keep you in bed, you wont lift a finger for anything.” It’s an odd avenue for sex talk, but he realizes belatedly, that it kind of seems like perfection to him.
like! It’s a panic attack, c’mon, you know he gets them!” Tony whines softly, trying to curl further in on himself, and Steve wants to die, for causing him more pain. He needs to keep his voice low, damnit, or Tony’s going to think he’s in danger.
of you, Steve, please.”
“Overheatin’ to death ain’t gonna prove anything, punk.” Steve’s only recourse is to pout at him, and try to make himself look as small as he can in the oversized hoodie.
Steve has about a thousand arguments to that, just ready and waiting on the tip of his tongue, propriety, and manners, and morality aside, but with Tony in his space, he can’t seem to manage to get any of them out. He takes a breath that’s rougher than he imagines it has any right to be, and closes his eyes on a soft sigh. “Don’t suppose you’re going to let it go any time soon?”
Steve smiles softly, and makes a concerted effort to keep the pleased rumble that wants to work its way out of his chest under control. “of course.” He says softly, just above a whisper. Honestly, he’d give damn near everything he has, to get to nap next to Tony, after everything that’s happened between them. He’s probably not going to be able to sleep well, not with the way the rut’s already burning away at his skin, pushing him further and further out of his own mind, but Tony doesn’t need to know that. Hell, if he’s being honest, Tony probably already knows that. They’ve done this enough. “wherever you’re most comfortable. Don’t worry about me.”
the morning after.
. “Intense.”
He wanders down from there, as quickly as possible, fully intending to wander the various floors of the admittedly labyrinthine hospital until he finds something  interesting. He’s just rounding the corner on the end of the Intensive Care Unit, when he walks smack into someone.  He shakes it off, fully willing and ready to right it off as a mistake, when his brain processes, and slams back to him in a single quick burst. He ran into someone. His ethereal, noncorporeal spirit (or as close to one as he would be liktley to say he has) ran into someone. Someone with matter, and mass, and flesh and bone. All the other people he’s seen so far, he simply fades through. Which means that this interaction is now medically relevant. He stops in his tracks, and turns back around, stopping to look at the girl he’d just bumped into.
Steve whines and when he pulls back tears sparkle in his bright blue eyes. “I will. I'll stop seeing him if it hurts you Bucky. I’m the one that didn’t do wat I was supposed to.” There's a few moments where it's quiet, like he's considering. “It was just supposed to be sex. I swear to God Bucky. But he's smart Bucky, God he's so smart. And the sex…” he shakes his head and drops his forehead to Bucky's shoulder. “We fucked four times last night, Bucky, I thought he was gonna kill me. He's such a minx. You'd love him I swear.”
“can we go outside?”
“yeah, until the world takes it from them.” It’s meant to be a joke, a one-off one liner, something dropped for laughs and not to be taken seriously, but the soldier looks at him with a deep scrutiny. He looks like he might have something sharp to say, but in the end, he just smiles, and winks.
He’s just starting to fade out of consciousness, just chasing the little dancing sparkles at the edge of his periphery, when Steve comes over. Sweet, blessed, merciful Steve. Tony sighs loudly. “Oh my god, Capsicle.” Irritatingly, his mouth says nothing, and Steve’s face is a grim, unbroken line. This… this isn’t looking good. The faceplate pops open, and Tony’s relieved, until he sees a look flash across Steve’s face. He looks… sick. Like he’s having a hard time looking at Tony’s face. Yeah, maybe he hadn’t been up to 100% lately. So he might have skipped a day or two shaving, but there’s no need to look like
He’s patient, even for as much as he wants to scream, as much as he wants to run out of the room, terrified that after it all seemed to be going so well, that something will go terribly wrong, and Tony will be taken from him all over again. he swallows thickly, and waits for Tony. eventually, Tony opens his mouth, and looks like he’s on the verge of saying something profound. What comes out of his mouth is not what Steve expected.
Natasha rolls her eyes, sets about cleaning where Bucky just was, though there is an annoying sympathy bubbling up inside her. “Hey,” she says before he gets the chance to walk away. “You two’ll work whatever this is out, okay? He was probably just too high to realize that he needed to tell you he was going home with someone, I doubt it means anything.” After a beat, she adds, “He’s Steve, and you’re you.” It’s said with a shrug, like that simple fact means the universe will fight for them, and maybe it will.
“Boss, it’s not good for the…” she cuts herself off, and sounds genuinely apologetic when she comes back. “I’m… sorry, boss. It’s still in my code. You never removed the alerts after the… incident.”
“Mine.” He says softly, a rough whisper in Tony’s left ear, before biting the lobe, just enough to be an added layer of sensation. “Mine, Tony, god damn, I’ve missed saying that.”
The hi he gets back isn't exactly he most encouraging thing, but he didn't exactly give Tony much to work with, did he? Three letters, one word, does not a best selling novel, or a good conversation make. He pines about what to say in response for so long that he just about decides that he's entirely socially inept. This shouldn't be so hard. Not with Tony. Tony, of all people, who’s been as good as his other half for almost as long as he’s been out of the ice. He sighs.
His bottom lip starts to hurt from where he’s worrying at it, and he pushes himself slowly up from his seat, making his way across the room and grabbing the key out of the wooden box. He turns it over in his hand a few times, giving himself room to set it back and give up on the ridiculous notion that Steve might still care about him. Somehow, he ends up with the burner in his hand, flipped open with the screen displaying Steve’s message. Tony raises an eyebrow, and sends one back before he can think twice about it.
“it’s alright, Mister rogers. We’ll have him fixed in no time, our staff is very well educated.” She turns to leave the room, but stops just shy, turning back toward Ed. “sir, I’m sorry, I’m so goal oriented, I didn’t see you before. We’re trying to keep it to family only at this time. May I ask what relation you have to mister Stark? Ed panics, but only for a moment, before his brain kicks into overdrive, and works to find him a quick excuse. He smiles, saccharine sweet, and even goes as far as to bat an eyelash at Famike, who smiles and titters.
Tony doesn’t even think before he responds to that message, an ugly anger welling up somewhere deep in his belly.
This same pattern repeats itself several times over the next few days, much to Steve’s chagrin. Every single nights starts, and ends the same as the one before it, like he’s stuck on a rollercoaster of emotions, no way to change the outcome, and no way out but through. By the fourth night, he’s frustrated enough with himself, that he has to make a concerted effort to loosen his grip, when he hears the burner phone groan menacingly. He wishes he could say that the message that he types out is heartfelt, and concise, and eloquent, but it’s… it’s anything but. It’s simplistic, and wek, and it’s frankly the shortest thing that he could type, using the fifteen seconds of bravery he had, before it evaporated away again.
Harley smirks, and shoveles yet another way too big bite of overly sugary crap into his mouth, gesturing disdainfully at Peters more nutritionally sound breakfast of choice. “why do you eat that crap. Just cause your aunt’s like a thousand years old doesn’t mean you are.”
poor boys are so awful at communicating. but look at that, all their biggest secrets are out there, and now we can start healing! feel free to yell at me on Tumblr, @theJovialkynnadyg-ray! I'm ever so friendly! Chapter five, cough syrup, will be out Febuary 6th!
“wait how—” Bucky holds up a hand, and shakes his head the slightest bit.
“Oh,” Steve says as he starts tapping his pencil against the tabletop. “The—um... the only woman I’ve ever been even a little attracted to was Peggy Carter.”
“Better?” Steve asks again after a moment.
Steve shrugs a shoulder and tells Tony he just does.
“News or cartoons?” Steve asks as he picks up the remote
“What is that?” Bucky asks, poking his head from the kitchen. “One week? Two?”
Tony.
The doctors tell Tony that he may never recover the use of his voice. They tell him the shard of glass that went through his neck barely missed his jugular veins and carotid arteries. They tell him that the irreparable damage to his vocal cords is the best possible outcome. They tell him he’s lucky to be alive.
Tony looks terrible: there’s dried blood on his neck and shirt; his face is a mess of cuts and bruises; one of his eyes is bright red where it’s supposed to be white; the bigger cuts have already been cleaned and butterflied shut. Tony presses whatever he dropped to his face; an ice pack wrapped in a grease stained towel. He doesn’t lift his eyes from Steve’s red uniform boots.
Baby is growling, a low rattle Steve’s never heard before. Bucky looks just as uncomfortable, but he hasn’t moved because Baby is still on his arm.
Rounding a corner, he forces himself to breathe, calm and measured, just like his mother taught him, until his chest finally loosens.
“Shut up, it is not...” But Steve readjusts the heavy leather folder anyway. Even with it tucked into his arm pit the portfolio reaches all the way to his hip. If only the handles hadn’t broken. He fixes his cap again and then his scarf and jacket and then checks to make sure his cuffs are over his shoes so he doesn’t get water on his socks.
Bucky laughs.
There, wedged in the curve between his fifth and sixth ribs on his left side are the words,
“You can come over anytime, Tony. I’m sure Bucky will like the fact you talk back now.”
Baby chirps and nuzzles his head into Steve’s thigh before rolling onto his back and exposing his soft underbelly.
Baby gives half chirp and reaches for Steve’s knee.
Tony like Steve does and it blows his mind. Would tell him that he’s never as great a man as he is when Steve’s at his side.
It might be the only thing Tony
Tony grins and shrugs.
Steve smiles because, yeah, Baby was a handful. He’d steal socks from the laundry just so you’d chase him or burrow into under blankets just to jump out at you as you passed by.
In the time it takes for Steve to get back to the mansion he comes to several conclusions. The biggest being that he’s an idiot. The Avengers is
Tony hums, too low to hear but, with Steve’s head pressed against his chest, the vibration is easily felt.
Tony’s cheeks heat, too.
Steve and Ironman are already great friends so it boggles Tony’s mind that Steve would want to be friends with
Steve dumps the laptop on the foot of the bed and runs to the bathroom.
Steve’s jaw ticks but thankfully it feels like the battle is drawing to a close.
“He was all alone in an alley way and he was crying and it’s
“Planning on it,” Sam and Bucky say together.
Baby creeps over to the bedroom door and sticks his head out. He chirps.
“Fuck,” Bucky mutters. He raises the phone back to his ear and says, “I’ll call you back, Sam.”
. Thoughtlessly, he breathes a worried, “Tony.”
“Everything’s fine,” Steve reassures as he cups Tony’s face in his hands. He presses a kiss to his lover’s lips before asking, “Are you holding yourself back?”
There are far too many websites to look through about learning ASL. Some advertising classes and others touting ‘teach yourself with these basics!’
Steve smiles down at the little dragon. “You always gonna be that tiny or are you just a baby?”
Steve melts.
“Is he gonna be okay?” Bucky asks, standing now.
“No.”
Baby gives a little sleepy chirp as he crawls out from his warm miniature den. Steve watches as the dragon hops off the edge of the bed and then slinks under it. A moment later, Baby pops back out, a little dust covered, but with Steve’s glasses in his snout.
“You didn’t need to do that for me,” Steve says. But even as he says it, he’s fiddling with the straps of his harness and pulling the zipper of the uniform jacket off.
For a few seconds, it feels like freefall, like he’s hurtling toward the earth, with nothing to stop him but the ground, but then all at once, it all slams home. In something like .5 seconds, Tony feels his reality bend and shatter at the point of max resistance. He’s laying out in the bed in front of him, lifeless and still, and Steve’s sitting heavily on the uncomfortable looking chair at the side of the bed. Just looking at Tony, like he’s a broken thing. Tony has to admit, from this angle, he kind of does.
"I like the beard," he says quietly, and he resists the urge to point out the fact that Steve looks like he's trying to copy Thor. He puts his hands in the pockets of his jeans, unsure of what to do with them. Obie always told him that his hands were his biggest tell, that he'd fiddle too much when he was nervous or intimidated, and hiding them in pockets is a habit that Tony's still keeping up years after Obie's death.
Rhodey paces impatiently up and down the halls of the hospital, relying on his very last nerve, to stay strong. he’s a few moments off of an anxiety attack of his own, at any given point, but he’s been able, so far, to force it all aside. He needs to hold it together for just a touch longer.
Steve's holding back tears, but he manages to make himself read the message over and over again, committing every single word to memory. He knows it isn't true, he knows Tony's hurt and lashing out, with good reason, but it doesn't make him feel any less scum for it.
Tony's eyebrows draw together, heart sinking at that. From here on out, he should maybe just ask for people's numbers instead of bypassing security and software to obtain it himself. He wants to ask Steve to meet up, but he knows that Pepper has a mission planned for tonight that she needs the technicians for, and he doesn't exactly trust Malcolm to handle it on his own. Kid's talented, sure, but he's that: a kid. He reactivates the sabotaged security camera once he's sure Jessica and Wanda have passed. There's the slightest flash in the corner of one of the cameras inside the warehouse, undoubtedly from the muzzle of a gun. Still, he knows tonight's mission is mostly recon, gather information about a supposed new gang. Malcolm can probably handle that. So, filtering the security footage, he clears his throat. "Are you free tonight? Say, uh--" He glances at the clock, and it's much later in the day than he thought-- "two hours from now? I really want to see you." Steve feels his mood lift instantly, and all of a sudden, he doesn’t care about having to run downstairs for the adrenaline, or having to drug the guy back awake, or having to finish any of this at all. He can see Tony again. He can see Tony again, tonight. Tonight.
“I’m fine, Baby, I—” but Steve is coughing wetly into the blanket Bucky draped over him and Baby gives a worried little trill.
“Love, Steve,” he whispers.
Sometimes, Steve doesn’t think Stark does anything
“Sorry,” Steve says as lets go of Tony’s face as if he’s been burned. “I forgot—uh, I forgot about your face.”
Bucky shrugs again, hand tightening around the metal in his fist. “Yeah.”
Tony takes a step back before Janet can reach him. He splays his hand out flat and taps his thumb to his chest.
with the disappearance of nineteen year old Anthony Stark, who has been missing for almost
He checks in with them quickly, nodding when they say they’re fine. He’s about to turn to check in with Clint and a few of the recently arrived SHIELD agents when he hears a soft gasp.
Clint shrugs. “It’s fucked up, but I’m used to it. The whole soulmate shit is fucked up anyway. It basically just shits on the whole Deaf/Hard of Hearing and mute communities. You only get a soulmark if you can hear your soulmate’s voice with your own ears or if they have a voice to speak it to you? That’s fucked up. How are we supposed to find our soulmates? How are we supposed to know? Hell, with me being deaf and Tony here being mute, we could be a Matched Pair and never know it.”
Steve sees the blood first, covering half of Tony’s face. He sees the wiring and the jagged metal, sees the hole in the suit. And then—
Tony’s name falls softly, so softly, from Steve’s lips. Like a leaf falling from a tree in autumn. Like the end of things.
“Uhm…”
“Slept. Woke up to Baby watching the news. Did you hear?”
Some hours later, Steve sets down his sketchbook and makes his way to where Tony’s welding some mystery component of Ironman’s suit.
Before Steve can say anything, Clint continues:
“I’m so sorry,” Janet whispers.
The second is that Tony looks so much better than he did when he was being loaded into that ambulance. His skin isn’t flushed or sweaty and he’s not gasping for breath or delusional with fever.
Steve looks at her: looks at the way she holds herself, a small little smile playing on her lips, her hands in nice navy blue gloves and a cream colored coat. She’s not wearing heals.
“Bucky! Rude!”
Baby’s accumulated. Then it hits him.
Tony tries to tell himself that Steve isn’t his soulmate. He tries to tell himself that somewhere out there, there is someone who says the words that Steve keeps hidden under a brown leather wrist cuff that goes halfway up his forearm. Tony tries to convince himself that Steve isn’t his.
He doesn’t want to, either.
Loki nods, humming, “Something is very wrong then.”
“I’m fine, Sam.”
Baby whimpers and clutches at Steve’s bed sheets.
Steve tries desperately to forget that he has a soulmate.
Tony’ll be going on three hours of binge-building and Steve’ll trump down the stairs, platter of food in one hand and a book in the other and he’ll just set the food on the nearest clear space and sit in the nearest clean seat and just read or draw quietly.
Hearing footsteps, Steve turns and sees Natasha.
Steve smiles, “Hi, Sam. Didn’t think I’d see you today. Bucks was wearing his tags.”
Baby perks up and chirps, scurrying off Steve and darting toward the kitchen.
One website reads: ‘ASL is not English. ASL is its own language and because of that a few things need to be acknowledged before your trip into learning Sign begins.
“He’s like an awkward red bat,” Bucky says when Baby tosses the phone in Steve’s lap.
“What?”
“Hey little guy,” Steve says, still sleepy.
What a cruel game the fates play.
“Just leave me my phone and some water and crackers and I’ll text you every five minutes and you can go see Sam and Dum Dum and Jim and then hopefully I’ll be feeling better by dinner time.”
Tony forms the signs at maybe half the speed he usually does, the forms careful and obviously intentional. JARVIS doesn’t bother to translate.
“Uhm,” Steve says.
It’s a week later and Steve walks out of his work to see a smartly dressed red-headed woman waiting for him by a sleek black car. He tries not to groan, expecting her to be another detective or reporter here to question him. He did have Tony Stark in his apartment for a month without telling anyone while the guy was MIA.
Tony’s aching laughter sounds more like a wheeze and Steve can’t help studying the mirth on the other man’s slowly pinking face.
Tony, with his chin hooked over Steve’s shoulder, can feel tears starting to roll down his cheeks. Damnit. Tony isn’t a crier but right now, with Steve’s face in his neck, he can’t help it. Can’t stop the burning feeling of being loved from tearing him apart.
that though.
take care of you.”
“That’s it,” Bucky says. “I’m child-locking our internet.”
Predictably, Pepper rolls her eyes and tells Tony to ask Steve himself.
“That is yet to be seen.” Loki rubs a hand down Baby’s spined back and raises his hand, flicking his fingers like they have dust on them. “He’s covered in a dark spell. It’s keeping him small and weak. His natural red magic was defending him but very recently he used a great portion of it on you two. I can see it, hanging around your mind,” he points to Bucky, “and your torso,” he points to Steve. “He must care about you two a great deal, to risk so much.”
to ASL and
The dragon gives Steve a look that he mostly sees on Bucky’s face.
night.”
“You sure? You’ve got your portfolio with you today. That thing’s as big as you are.”
Janet sees him first.
Tony Stark has several very fast, very sleek cars.
And to Steve… To Steve, the first thing he’d tell him is that he loves him. That he’s been in love it him for years and sometimes it over whelms him, makes him feel like his chest is about to burst and all he can do is giggle his little broken giggle. Tell Steve that he wants to watch that slow, happy smile he gets curl over his face every chance he can. That he, Tony, wants to be the cause of it, always. He’d tell Steve how confused he gets sometimes because no one’s ever just
you. What the fuck, Tony?”
Tony gives Steve a confused look and raises his hands, palms up.
Tony chuckles, a deep gravelly sound, and signs, J. NOW—TEACH—HELP—CAPTAIN.
Tony doesn’t notice all the blood that soaked into his ratty white tank top.
. Steve immediately follows the thought up with a self-directed,
Steve stares at Tony’s broad back, watches as Tony inhales in quiet fits and starts. Steve realizes he may have pushed too hard, too fast. Eventually, he’ll get Tony to accept the fact that he is loved. He’s got years ahead of himself to do it.
Baby chirps.
“Those are some Words you got there,” she says, unprompted.
“Tony,” Steve gasps, pushing at his shoulders. “Tony,” he has to repeat before the other man raises up to give him a confused look.
Steve.
Across the table, Tony snorts into his coffee, shaking his head furiously.
“It’s only staying the night!” Bucky hollers down the hallway but Steve knows that if the dragon stays the night it’ll stay the week and then it’ll stay for longer.
By the time Steve figures out that there are actual
“Okay,” Steve breathes, “the internet says dragons naturally run hot—blah, blah, blah, I knew that—but when they run especially hot it can only mean a few things; illness, pregnancy, or magical interference. If it is preg—go down in a few da—illness or magical interference try to lower the temp—lukewarm rag across the back, not cold—could be a sock to the system and cause further complications. If it doesn’t get better in twenty-four hours—most likely magical—call specialist. Seven-one-eight—”
Steve offers a quick smile. “This isn’t what I didn’t want to talk about, so I think we’re okay.”
“But what if he’s just a baby? I can’t put a baby dragon out on the streets! Not in weather like this! Not this time of year! Dragons need warmth and it’s thirty-seven degrees outside. And raining.”
Steve cuts him off, “I need—” but he doesn’t finish, finally managing to pull his jacket off. He stands, in his tee-shirt, and begins to pull at the edge of his cuff. He’s never purposefully shown it to anyone before.
Tony laughs, a deep gravely noise, like boulders shifting, and signs to J.A.R.V.I.S. to help teach Steve.
Steve laughs as well. “I’m gonna change and then I’ll be back out. I’m glad you’re feeling better, Bucky.”
say, but it’s also the only thing Tony
“Behave while we’re gone, Baby. We’ll be back soon.”
Steve stills, one hand on the little dragon, the other on the fridge door.
That is to say, the general public doesn’t know he’s Ironman. Nor the Avengers. Just a few higher ups in S.H.I.E.L.D. know.
It looks worse than it is.
Why didn’t Tony tell him he was Ironman? Were there not ample opportunities? Shouldn’t he, as the leader, know about relevant medical conditions such as shrapnel in a teammate’s chest and implanted pacemakers?
have that
Steve fusses with his scarf.
“Love you, too, Baby. Behave and I’ll be home soon. Then we’ll have Christmas, okay?”
Steve watches as Tony explains about his life before the attempted assassination in Afghanistan, about his time with Yensen, about his suit, about Obie’s betrayal, about his abusive drunkard of a father. Steve watches until he can’t possibly stand to see Tony in so much pain anymore.
The dragon chirps.
‘Second, ASL has its own grammatical structure. In fact, it has two. The first is
Steve comes back with a wet hand towel and a pitcher of lukewarm water. It sloshes as he sets it on his nightstand but he’s too busy climbing onto his pillows so he can easily drape the clothe over the dragon’s back and wings
“Ten days, apparently.”
Tony shrugs and gives the table at large a rueful smile.
“That’s weird,” Steve says hours later. “Everything I’ve found says that for Baby’s colors and characteristics, he should be the size of a house, at least. Cat and dog sized dragons are usually brown or green. Earthy colors.”
“Thank you, Mister Stark,” Steve says, turning to sit.
Clint whistles and says, “Nine? Nine times?
Steve shorts before he can think better of it. “‘Asshole’? Really?”
As Steve walks into the lab, he spots Tony standing in the small kitchenette, raking his hands through his hair with his back towards the door. He looks like he’s shaking.
Ironman doesn’t say anything and just takes off to his lab to freak out in peace.
The dragon chirps and bounds out the door instead of answering.
“Go grab my laptop, Steve,” Bucky orders. He reaches out with metal hand and touches Baby’s cheek. Gently, he asks, “You alright there?”
This is it. This is when that gently crafted dream where Steve will love him forever falls apart. Tony can see it in the shocked curve of Steve’s lips, in the aborted half step Steve takes toward him.
Steve is getting tired of not knowing. He’s tired of sitting across from the most gorgeous man to ever exist and feeling lost every time he asks a question. He’s tired of waiting for JARVIS to translate.
Pepper just shrugs a shoulder and tells him he’s over reacting.
? Not as Captain America but as—as your lover. Was I just not important enough to trust with this?”
Steve reaches out and scratches under Baby’s chin. “A little tool hoard, huh?”
The dragon chirps.
And Tony’s never been able to resist when Steve asks like that.
“News.”
Steve raises an eyebrow, sparing a second to try to decide if Natasha is actually drunk on the two post-battle beers she’s had or just pretending. But then her words really catch up to him.
Tony just like J.A.R.V.I.S. talks
“Short, cute, and blond. Just like Tony said.”
“With you?”
“I know,” Steve whispers. “I’ve always known, in a way.” Steve kisses Tony again.
The fact that one of their most mouthy members hasn’t given so much as a ‘by your leave’ in the last five minutes is concerning. The fact that Ironman is also one of their most self-sacrificing members makes it even more worrisome.
Steve wonders if Tony doesn’t have many friends by design or by choice. He’d like to be considered among that small number.
He thinks about what he knows about Tony. About how the man lost both his parents and his voice on the same night at only twenty-one. About how it seems that his closest friends are his college roommate, an ex-girlfriend, his own assistant, and his two hired bodyguards. He thinks about how he calls his dad an asshole and how he was betrayed and nearly killed by the only other father figure he’d ever had. He thinks about the small arc reactor in the glass case that says,
“How?” Steve asks.
Baby darts out and grabs the glasses from Steve’s pocket. The dragon gently places them on top of the pile he’s made. Then, he carefully crawls to the top, drapes his winds over the pile, and gives a happy little chirp.
Steve’s eyes trace over the scar to the right of Tony’s Adam’s apple. He already knows he’s going to be drawing this later.
When Steve wakes up the next day, the dragon is curled up under the blankets next to his stomach.
“And it’s not like it’s the first time I’ve been sick, either.” As if to accent this point, Steve coughs again.
“You had to get
He rants about Tony putting himself in danger, about being a leader who all apparently doesn’t actually know his team as well as he thought he did, about how not a single member on the team knew who Ironman was and did Tony understand how dangerous that is?
Steve nods. He hesitates but after a moment he runs his hand through the man’s hair. “Are you okay?”
When Steve arrives at his apartment, he sticks his head through the door and glances around for his roommate, Bucky.
Steve nods, “I don’t have time to talk.” He tries to walk past her, adjusting his scarf but she keeps pace with him.
Baby gives a little worried chirp before he hops onto the couch with Steve. The dragon trills gently and bumps his face into Steve’s chin.
Sometimes he’ll find a page or two of Stark’s hands: a pinky stuck out as his wrist moves in a swooping motion, his usual signal for when he wants JARVIS’s attention; Stark brushing his spayed fingertips against his chest with an upward motion, his face looking like he’d rather be doing anything else than whatever Pepper had been badgering him into at the time; Stark’s fingers tapping at his own surprisingly defined shoulder, a sign that Steve’s come to learn means ‘captain’ (a sign which Stark tends to follow up by moving his hand in a circular motion around his face with his index and middle fingers held out like they’re taped together. Steve has yet to figure out what that one means but Clint seems to tip his head back and laugh everytime he sees Stark use it).
strangers have greeted you with that? Any of them Blanks?”
“Yeah. Anytime.”
Steve doesn’t recognize Tony’s first sign, but he knows the small hand motion that forms NEED, catches Tony’s head shake to make it DON’T NEED, sees Tony point to himself, and then another string of signs he doesn’t quite catch.
Bucky glares and presses the phone into his shoulder. “I can’t exactly go
“Steve,” Tony says again, “I love you.”
And, surprisingly, the dragon does.
“Better?” He asks, running the cloth over the dragon’s wet scales. He’s careful with the spines on the dragon’s back and dabs at the fragile membrane of the wings. He drapes the towel over the dragon.
He’s halfway through his own food when his phone goes off. He’s not surprised to find it’s Bucky calling.
“What?” Steve asks intelligently as he moves to sit up.
“Ye-yeah, of course,” Steve pats Tony’s back. “You asked.”
“What do you want to eat? I have—” But before Steve can finish the front door opens and Bucky walks through it, just as drenched as Steve and the dragon had been.
Janet shakes her head and moves to press a gauze to his face again. She calls for one of the S.H.I.E.L.D. medics. She tells them it’s Ironman and he’s hurt.
“Steve,” Tony again, voice still just as torn as the last time. “I love you.”
Tony hums like sandpaper scratching and wags a finger at Steve before flashing through another series of signs.
“Uhm, thanks,” Steve says, hand on the knob.
It’s a short ride to the hospital. Steve stares out the window and hopes it won’t be awkward when he sees Tony Stark again. The last time he saw Tony was when he was being loaded into the back of an ambulance and trying to tell one of the paramedics that he loved Steve and that Steve was a good guy. Like a hero, not the kind that wear trilbies. Really, guys, he’s the best.
… Steve thinks,
Steve takes a deep breath while he stares at the phone in his hand.  He looks up at Bucky and tries to give a reassuring smile.
But Steve leans into Tony and begs against his lips, “Please, let me show you.”
Ironman’s electronic voice catches Steve off guard.
