“Sherlock?” John could not help the tone of hope in his voice as he followed the tantalizing whiff of alpha. It took a moment to find the origin point. Then he saw it, shrouded in the shadows, a side exit that was almost invisible from their vantage point. Unthinking, he stumbled down the darkened hallway towards what he could only imagine was the Foreman’s office. The floor was dirty and sticky under his feet, crackling against the sole of his shoe with every step. He wrinkled his nose in disgust, turning back to see Mycroft’s hazy figure not far behind him.
In return, John's hands shifted from his arms and chased across the flat planes of Sherlock's belly, exploring over the boney edge of his hips. His fingers felt like heaven when they dug into Sherlock's back, clinging to the muscles there. Simultaneously, a warm tongue danced across Sherlock's collarbone, omega fangs nipping at the skin at the base of his neck. Close, so close to the scent gland at Sherlock's throat. If John turned just a little, those teeth would dig in tight, marking Sherlock as his mate for life. The mere thought had Sherlock's hips hitching, his breath catching in his throat.
"You're back!" The words were called over John's shoulder as the microwave dinged. He didn't bother looking up from his task, so he probably missed the look on Sherlock's face as he got an eye-full of a healthy, uninjured John Watson. Sherlock tutted in greeting, unable to get much else out past the swell in his throat. Depositing his shoes at the door and his coat on the rack calmed some of that jittery feeling in his chest. Running a hand through his hair, he turned back to the kitchen just as John turned around from the microwave.
“Bullocks!” John was the first to react. He kicked the door closed with a sharp jerk of his leg before either man could stop him. Cursing under his breath, he slammed home the deadbolt and spun around. Outside he could hear the sound of angry shouting, and one of the men banged on the door, making the wood shudder. He flinched at the sharp sound. Inside, his mind worked with the rapid-fire thought process of a military man.
Sherlock scowled at the phone as the message appeared. Cellphone service was spotty at best in these areas, but nothing could be done about it until he got back within tower range. Looking up from the screen he examined where they were heading. The rain-laden streets were becoming distinctly more low income. Up ahead the van’s brake lights flashed, Sherlock watched, intrigued as the van turned left. The cabby followed behind, inconspicuous in the rain.
Sherlock sighed. He really did not want to discuss his day with John. Not that John would let him get out of it. He'd already said too much not to satisfy the omega's curiosity.
John was just as eager to explore, his hands seeking out Sherlock's skin, his lips tasting along Sherlock's collarbone and across his pectorals. Murmuring his approval, he sought out Sherlock's sex. Sherlock hissed as hands wrapped around his cock, and dragged down the length of him in a slow burn, his grip light like he was very much aware of the lack of lubricant. It felt good, the rough grip of gun-calloused fingers. John moaned in his ear, fingers tracing the tip of Sherlock's head, exploring the length of him with slow strokes and impatient fingers. Sherlock's breath hitched at the feel of flesh on his most intimate parts, moving downward to linger over the slight bulge of his knot and then lower, to where he squeezed Sherlock's sack, fingers eagerly seeking the scent gland hidden just behind. Sherlock choked, shocked at how willing John was to mark himself in Sherlock's scent. Sherlock found himself muttering under his breath, whispered words of endearment and need, the sharp smell of his alpha pheromone's bleeding into the air to mingle with John's.
His fingers flashed over the keys to his laptop as he attempted to regain access to the visual feeds from CCTV. His existing permissions had been incapacitated, and while that did make his job difficult, he had proxies in place for such situations.
Sherlock scowled at the bare concrete floor as he was dragged bodily across it, a slight grin playing across his cheeks as the cabby, Jason, huffed and puffed his way down the hall. Sherlock was no lightweight, despite his thin frame, and we were taller than the alpha by at least six inches. It made him unwieldy, and he was just petty enough to be pleased about it. When Jason finally made it to the office, there was a bit off a scuffle as he struggled with the doorknob, until he finally managed to get the door open with a well-placed kick.
Sherlock patted his side for his cellphone and felt the bulk of it in his pocket. “I find that unlikely.” Sherlock scowled, taking a step back, eyes narrowing with suspicion. The man’s scent was masked in the falling rain, even his features hazed by the drops that clung to Sherlock’s lashes. Making Sherlock’s skills of deduction hindered by the weather.
Six months peppered with honest talks, discussions which turned out to be difficult and painful for both of them, but which revealed themselves completely necessary. They were building a home of their own, brick by brick. Foundations on which to build something solid and beautiful at the same time - a fact which still blew away Sherlock's mind. For so long he has considered himself as someone who cannot be loved, only to be appreciated for his deductions, for the help he could bring that seeing John stick to his side, even after months of companionship, was still unbelievable. Like the radiant sun shining through the flat's windows in the middle of January. He closed his eyes, contentment spreading across his chest.
They were evenly matched in that regard, even though each of them had his assets… and his weaknesses.
If his army doctor still believed he could fool him in such an obvious manner, he got another thing coming.
As for the cases, she mused, they could always wait for Lestrade’s. After all, they almost always were more interesting than the “mysteries” brought by private clients.
He was expecting his friend to smile back at him before putting some distance again between them. What happened next caught him wholly unawares.
They still haven't done the deed, so to speak - but Sherlock wasn't overly concerned. At first itwasn't the right time and afterwards, when they grew more intimate with each other, it was a lack of opportunities rather than something missing between them.
Raised voices startled them both. A boisterous group, dressed to the nines, was quickly approaching.
, John was still leaning on the counter. Reeling from the shock induced by this unexpected visual contact.
“So tell me, stranger,” SH retorted, his deep voice making John’s entire being thrill. “What should I call you?”
It took him two seconds, in his still drowsy state, to identify the specific ringtone he has recorded on his phone whenever Sherlock called him – some song called “Troublemaker”. He has never bothered to read the lyrics or even to listen to it, but the title has made him smile just a little bit.
, he became instantly aware of the gazes turned in his direction. He didn’t dare looking at the little group he knew was at the counter – not yet, anyway. He waved at Ross, wiping off a glass behind the bar and who always got a friendly smile for him.
“Did you forget I’m an army Captain? Or that I had a gun? Did you think that, if I had been involved in that case, it would have been the first time I might have to defend myself?”
How stupid has he been, to have ignored this handsome, clever man just for the sake of his own prejudices and fears! Now, as Sherlock was clearly taking his courage in both hands to speak to him, he could only hope it wasn’t too late for the shining, entrancing possibility his desire was painting just before his eyes.
Greg watched, puzzled and a little bit mystified if he wanted to be honest with himself, Anthea swaggering out of the office’s antechamber.
The tightest pants he could find, translucent shirt which was so thin one could see his nipples through it, half-open on sweaty pale skin.
It wouldn’t be long before the majority of the participants in the Dating Game invaded the room and Sherlock was eager to start working.
But one look at Irene’s unruffled face made him relent. For her, detective business has always been a game – who was the cleverest of them both, who will find out first the culprit’s true motives, who will deduce the fastest?
John has remained frozen for a second or two, blinking at his flatmate who has so casually uttered this word.
Sudden warmth flowed through John’s veins. Acting intuitively, he ran to the building’s corner – just in time to see a man crossing the road at full speed, Sherlock hot on his heels. The consulting detective turned in his head in his direction.
Anthea was still listening to the person speaking at the other end, but her expression has turned from already annoyed to unexpectedly joyful.
It was maddening. It was passionate. It was also suffused with a tenderness John has rarely experienced with his former lovers. He closed his eyes, his mouth seeking Sherlock’s until their lips met again in a crushing kiss.
“Nice establishment,” Poshy retorted, who obviously didn’t believe a word of it. “But that’s a private affair between me and my little brother.”
Thanks to the unexpected proximity, Joan could feel her warmth. Sherlock never wore any perfume – “they give me headaches” – but she liked to use a specific brand of body cream and Joan could breathe in the familiar scent.
He deliberately caught Sherlock’s hand, still outstretched, in his. He ignored the whispers arising behind him – “Goodness. Now I’ll have to scratch my eyes out.” “Shut it, Donovan!” – and said to Sherlock, blue eyes twinkling with mischief “Ready when you are.”.
He was glaring at the infamous bed, imagining sawing it up in a messy stack and setting fire to it, when Sherlock chose that moment to go out of the bathroom, fully dressed – thank God for small mercies – a warm, slightly musky cloud wafting in the air in his wake.
And then there was Lestrade’s story. Moriarty’s allies and minions being attacked before trying to retaliate here, in London…
“You certainly like to tease me,” Sherlock retorted, trying to sound like she wasn’t affected and completely missing the mark.
God almighty. What he wouldn’t give to see how Mycroft looked if he took the liberty to invite him in his bedroom.
Well, it didn’t really matter, he thought as he hit the “Redial” option. Sherlock would hear of him now, whether he wanted it or not.
“I know,” Sherlock simply said. “And I wanted to. Like I want you to touch me here…” She stroked the soft skin between her breasts. “ Here…” Her finger skirted round her belly button.
His first instinct was to balk at offering them – his wallet was already wailing with despair – but John found himself smiling at that.
He barely remembered going back to his flat, shuffling along the way, his mind still reeling from the shock of this unexpected encounter.
But it didn’t sound right, John mused, as he remembered the expectation clearly written on Sherlock’s face just before he has leant in, nearly kissing John in public and not caring a whit about it. A shiver ran down his spine as he carefully put the box on Mrs Dubusson’s desk before coming closer to his friend, padding carefully as if he didn’t want to spook him.
Sherlock’s tall, slim body buried under the covers; His dark curls spread on the pillowcase, an inky, cleverly rendered untidy mass John was more and more itching to run his fingers through; the warmth created by their bodies, brushing against his skin and creating a dangerous intimacy between them.
Great, now he was babbling. He fought the temptation to roll his eyes at his own stupidity and focused on his companion. He didn’t dare looking at John – no need after all, he could quite well deduce what his silence meant.
It couldn’t stop his heart from pounding in his chest as he tried to control himself, from his regular pace to the bored, indifferent expression on his face. For the hundredth time since Lestrade has spoken to him about his suspicion, John wondered if he was being watched over.
It was after, when she saw John’s devastated face, Mrs Hudson’s tears, the black coffin that she knew to be empty that Molly started to realize what she has done.
He looked up, determined to convince Mike to get a move on the lady he has seen earlier on the bar, when he was left speechless.
It wasn’t long before she fell under his spell. To his credit, he never gave her any false hope. Even when he was trying to manipulate her – and he generally succeeded – it was done with a kind of boyish charm, something so unlike other men’s attempts at bedding her when she agreed on a date. No wonder then, she thought, she couldn’t stop mooning over him when he was around.
He'd barely have deserved the title of detective - or "21st centuy sleuth" as some papers have dubbed him - if he couldn't have perceived that John's thoughts were veering more and more frequently to the topics of carnality and intimacy as far as Sherlock was concerned.
She let out a soft “Oh!” before grasping it gently between her fingers. John blanched when he saw it was one of the berries having been glued before to the wooden little car he still got in his pocket. It must have come unstuck when he was walking home, he thought.
and in the meantime... Why don't you enjoy an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855  :-)
He shook his head. Sherlock has finally opted to remain silent, to keep him in the dark about what he had thought in his last moments. This lack of trust in him still rankled with him.
No, he was… puzzled. His curiosity was definitely aroused as regards the mysterious SH and he longed to know more about him (because John was quite sure it was a man). What was he like? How old? Where was he living? And especially – was his life really as exciting as it seemed to be? That was maybe the most frustrating aspect of this weird correspondence taking place between SH and him – even though John has refused until now to join in. These brief glimpses into SH’s everyday existence fascinated him as much as they exasperated him.
His heart gave a lurch when he glimpsed at the bottom of the page a phone number. A mobile phone number.
Mister Curls. That was still nice. Sherlock has been called worse, that’s for sure. He smiled to himself while glancing outside. At this hour, night has already fallen and passers-by were but mere shadows, fleetingly going past the
Incoherent sounds were coming out of her open mouth while she felt Sherlock lifting up her night shirt.
Greg hasn’t realized he was holding his breath until he saw the answer to his question in Mycroft’s gaze.
No, it couldn’t be. John certainly remembered these days where everything and everyone seemed to gravitate round the master of this house.
“And now,” Sherlock whispered, possessively stroking John’s thighs and behind, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, “let’s go upstairs.”
lost, piece by piece, their power to harm him, Sherlock closed his eyes as much needed peace washed over him.
“Shhhh,” John softly said. And without thinking about it too long, he silenced him with the tender touch of his forefinger on Sherlock’s mouth. A calm as strange as it was unexpected suffused John’s soul as he observed the ever-changing landscape of Sherlock’s eyes – widening in surprise before becoming shockingly open and trusting.
“Of course! (He turned to the nearby mansion, where a few windows were still lit.) I think our hostess is getting impatient.”
owner was his jovial self, chatting and laughing with his clients, pouring drinks and watching over the clients seated at tables. It was a busy Friday afternoon, voices ringing with the joy caused by the incoming weekend. Everybody seemed to look forward to something – meeting with friends, attending concerts, having a lie-in at Sunday.
Oh, it was fine to glance at the men he found attractive. It only took a quick turn of his head, checking them out out of the corner of his eye. A flash of a round arse, strong pecs, bright smile. Useful glimpses fueling his fantasies when he was stroking one off in the shower.
They’ve been few and far between. As he got older, Sherlock has thought himself immune to all this, this laughable quest for love, this seemingly never-ending lust pushing people who got barely anything in common into the arms of each other for the sake of a few hours’ pleasure.
At this moment his attention was caught by some point over John’s shoulder. Sherlock raised his head and went livid when he saw Irene walking to him with a thunderous look on her face.
His father’s voice faded from his mind. John knew though it was only a temporary respite, that it will come back, but right now he felt no shame. Only freedom.
Blood has roared in John’s ears, screaming “Mine!” and he has impulsively reacted, walking to the DI with the urge to stress Sherlock’s importance as a friend.
He felt sweat beading on his brow suddenly. Why was she… observing him like this? Could she tell that… ?
Sherlock swore loudly before complying. John wrapped a hand around his cock, jerking it, keeping pace with Sherlock’s harder thrusts. His heart is beating a furious tempo in his chest, the pleasure is flooding his body and he’s close, so close…
“I’m sorry,” the redhead – “Jane” according to her badge – broke in, “but I’m not really interested in what you might tell.”
Here he was, in one of the loveliest regions of France, on a trip with all expenses paid by another purse than his and on the brink of unveiling one of the greatest enigmas concerning the genius whose bewitching, dazzling creations which were way ahead of Leonardo’s time when they’ve been made had completely fascinated young Sherlock.
You regularly became exasperated by his stubbornness, his observance of what you perceived as silly traditions and the way he was holding fast to his heterosexuality. Parading all these women under your very nose, getting angry when you managed to disturb his dates… It was so stupid! How couldn’t he see how compatible you were with one another? How fast you were falling for him?
John woke up with a jolt. He rubbed his eyes, glanced at the alarm. It took him more time than he was willing to admit in order to find out that he has slept uninterruptedly for eight hours. He couldn’t remember when it has last happened. His mind still fuzzy with sleep, he rolled over on his back. The warm nest of the sheets tangled all around him encouraged him to close his eyes and to rest again. John sighed. He has been dreaming, but the last traces were fading too quickly for him to be able to remember it.
A comfortable silence was stretching between them until John collected his thoughts and asked “Did I hear you…?”
Finding it again in Sherlock’s eyes, as they looked at each other, seated at the back of a cab, John more aware than ever of the constantly strengthening link between them.
“Spoiler alert, Mycroft”, Sherlock had cut in, using an expression John had taught him a few days before. “He’d feel even better if you just go away now.”
“Oh, my dear Miss Holmes, I’m afraid you underestimate my… case. I bet you’ll be more curious about it over dinner. That’s why I have taken the liberty of booking a table for two at
Elation because, no matter who his secret admirer turned out to be – John took care never to look at him in the eye, he didn’t want to encourage him after all – it was always nice to be admired from afar and to find himself the focus of such attention.
She sighed, trying to commit to memory the softness of Sherlock’s hair, the firmness of her small, slender breasts against her own chest, the warmth of her palms laid flat on her back.
John smothered a snort, thinking of the Mrs Hudson’s joke about his old Browning. Now wasn’t really the time to say it aloud, even in jest.
“And depriving Mister Curls over there of his daily Johnny dose?” Helen replied, smirking at him. “Our Johnny is not so cruel!” she cried out, hugging John from behind before kissing him soundly on his cheek.
His mind drew up detailed visions of the poor omega woman, overlaying them with young August. Symptoms had been similar: deranged action, sores, and pus, the blue veins at the neck and wrists. His lips felt fine, his hand and wrists unmarred by thickened veins. He certainly did not feel anymore crazed than usual. August had been bitey. He was an alpha, so the urge did tend to hit every once and a while, but it was no stronger than usual.
it came with his position. At the drop of a hat he could tell you who was doing what and where they were doing it. He knew the inner workings of all of England, and well beyond. To have his wings clipped in such a way, was up to this point, near unheard of. Just about the only thing he currently knew was that John was being hounded on the dodgy streets of London, and had now admitted to being hit with some sort of knock out drug.
"Jesus Christ..." John croaked in response, a sob leaving his throat. "Hurry up, or I'm going to implode." He whimpered, the moist swell of his channel brushing the head of Sherlock's cock as he sought it out, seemingly more than willing to impale himself than and there.
“Good morning to you,” John called, taking a moment to glance up and meet the eyes of the russet haired man. “Feeling a bit of a fuss today, Myc-” John’s lips clipped shut as the door swung open, revealing not one, but two strangers. Two strangers with guns.
“Yes well, that’s why Sherlock did not want you to be involved in this whole debacle in the first place.” Mycroft groused, his hand clenching at his umbrella as he looked up into the high lofted rafters of the building. The afternoon sun that glinted through the high windows gave him a tanned quality and highlighted the scowl on his lips.
Sherlock hummed under his breath, calmed just by John’s response. Tucking his phone away in his pocket he took the steps down to the Underground, shoulder’s bowed in thought. Pulling his travelcard from his wallet he scanned it at the checkstation and stepped onto the Jubilee Line, letting the subway blitz him home.
On the bed John swallowed, and for a moment Sherlock caught a flicker of self-consciousness, a tremor of nerves that John hides behind the neck of the bottle of brandy as he brings it to his lips. Sherlock doesn’t hold it against him, his own heartbeat is rattling in his chest like an excited caged bird. Sherlock tilted his head to the side, considering the sight before him. John’s tan skin pairs well with the burgundy of Sherlock’s duvet. Gold and garnet, and oh so-
John sat up next to him, reaching for his hand once more, any of his own discomfort forgotten. “Well, at least let me disinfect this,” His lips pursed, eyes examining the wound with a practiced physician’s eye. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but didn’t say anything as John slid out the bed. When the other man put on his doctor's face there was no getting through to him. He was already out the door before Sherlock had a chance to protest. The tables were turned as Sherlock got a peek at sticky, love bitten thighs. John wore the marks of his fingerprints on his hips with elegance. Sherlock eyed those marks, a smirk lighting up his eyes.
“Why are you keeping me out of the loop? I can help.” John felt his voice break and attempted to take in a deep calming breath. “Please, Mycroft, I need something.” He hated the note of pleading in his tone, hated to beg, but he’d been scrambling for months, trying to find some connection, some clue as to Sherlock’s whereabouts. “All you will tell me is that you have it handled, but you don’t; if you did, I would have him back by now!”
Sherlock turned his head up, neck extending to brush his lips against John's chin. "Not just me, us." He explained against the stubble of John's chin, taking a moment to breathe in their combined scent on John's neck. John sighed, turning his head down to press a return kiss to Sherlock's lips.
"Yes. Obviously." Sherlock gasped, leaving the beta to it. He was less susceptible to omega hormones, and Sebastian was releasing them like it was heat-season.
“‘E was goin’ to that old buildin’ down the street, the ones that smell’s like shite.” She explained, her green eyes distant as she recalled. John had already deduced on his own that Sherlock's encounter with her had been at least a week before his abduction. Whatever the girl had shown Sherlock was old news, it hadn't lead to a break in the case for Sherlock. Even so, it was a step in the right direction, another clue in the trail that Sherlock had left for him to unearth. “I told ‘em about how they been takin’ kids out of there. Movin' ‘em all bound up in ropes and chains. I saw them, I did, they all smell like sad and death.” She whispered, her lower lip quivering. The look was frankly disturbing on such a young hardened girl.
When they pulled up to what appeared to be an old run-down warehouse Sherlock grew intrigued. This was a much larger setting than he’d known Eddington to have up until now. It showed his operation had grown to a much higher degree. He didn’t need to hide in waterlogged residential buildings and rundown commercial units any longer, that much was obvious.
from personal experience that an omega could be just as violent and fucked up as any other gender. Yet he had never met an omega that had smelled quite so…tainted, which was saying something since he had himself to compare the man with.
Sherlock swayed in place, the edges of his vision were darkening and it was getting difficult to stay upright. “If I recall correctly, and I do, the last man who did something similar ended up with a bullet in the heart.” The scowl on the other alpha’s face was quiet worth the punch to his chin that occurred a moment later. Sherlock grunted as a ham sized fist greeted his face, sending pain blazing into his skull and stars glittering in his eyes. He went with the hit, reducing the injury just by letting his body move backward with the blow, a trick learned from years of being bullied before he’d learned to protect himself.
John, who had cleansed the wound, who had held his hand unprotected, and kissed him, and so much more. Their exchange of bodily fluids had been rather significant, from what he could recall of the night before, which was all of it. Sherlock shuddered, closing his eyes.
Sherlock groaned. This was surreal. He felt like he'd been duped by a bunch of idiots with grandiose plans. Tabitha pulled his hand from where it covered his face, examining the bite wound on the back of it before turning it over to see his wrist."
The smell of Chinese takeout greeted him as he walked in the door. Sherlock paused, spying John's back, where he faced the microwave, no doubt reheating the food. The sight of him had Sherlock's heart in his throat. He looked homey and comfortable in a set of worn jeans and a black tee that was rucked up one hip in a way that said he'd been sitting on the sofa only moments before. His hair was still damp from a shower, left to dry without a fuss.
“He has been transferred to the new sight. We will be closing up shop here soon as well.”  The man’s words would indicate he was in some form of power, despite the fact his men are hiding August's escape from him. This was either a peon of Eddington’s or possibly even Eddington himself. By scent alone he matched their intel. He is a beta, his scent dull tones of mildew and rotting damp things, an unfortunate combination.
“Hardly necessary, I’ll text you later instead. It’s just preliminaries at this point,” Sherlock explained, his eyes roving over what little of John he could see through the blankets. “I’d rather you slept in after last night.” He admitted, a flush appearing high on his cheekbones.
One hand gripped the blond's leg to open the omega up wide for every thrust of his cock into the smaller male. John took it eagerly, cursing through his orgasm with energetic creativity. The clenching of John's inner muscles around him as the omega came was more than enough to send Sherlock over the edge. He could feel the tight, sharp clench of his knot building, making it harder for him to thrust. Until his hips were forced into short, shallow pumps, the swell of his knot tightening in his gut. It only took a few more thrusts, and pleasure flared bright and hot behind his eyes, making his body tense and stilling most of its fevered movements. Grabbing John's hips, he ground down into the omega's channel, a soft sound of surprise leaving John's lips as Sherlock thrust into him, forcing his knot around that thin rim of muscle and inside of John's inner walls with a shout of relief. Sherlock had the presence of mind to open his eyes in time to observe John taking his knot as he spilled his seed deep inside. Ecstasy had him seeing stars, his knot stretching, straining.
The press conference was a horrible one. Sherlock didn’t look at John for a second, despite John’s many efforts. They almost didn’t say anything, seeing how it was the recovered information from the basement that was the actual subject, so Mycroft did most of the talking.
Sherlock watched John finish (took him seven more plates to feel satisfied), and called for the waiter to pay. The waiter was Japanese, but spoke Danish.
Sherlock truly hated this. His dream of having sex with John Watson had turned into a nightmare. He’d envisioned John’s caressing fingers, small talk, laughter and chitchat. Not this. John had never spoken to him this way, no matter how mad he’d made him. Sherlock had to save the situation, but he wasn’t ready to tell John the truth. Admitting his feelings was the same as opening his heart for the first time, and 39 years of boiled up sentiment would come flowing out uncontrollably. He couldn’t risk that, not when John was like this. Probably not ever.
“Sherlock!” he called and waited the obligatory three minutes before he got up from his chair and went to find Sherlock himself. He was lying in the sofa in the next room.
“No, that was not my agenda.” Sherlock said seriously. John hated himself for having brought up the subject again, but still, it was Sherlock who made such a big deal about him being gay, not John.
“Wow, aren’t you two lovebirds a touching couple? What you’re willing to do for one another, huh?” Morris said, cutting off Sherlock before Sherlock had a chance to respond to or comfort John.
When Sherlock got back to the hotel, John pretended to be asleep. He made sure to breathe heavily so that Sherlock wouldn’t deduce his feigning. Sherlock went into the bathroom and came back out four minutes later. John felt the weight of Sherlock hit the bed, but didn’t move a muscle. He was not ready. Sherlock tucked himself into the duvet and turned off the lights. Out of the woods then, John thought, so far from sleep as he could possibly be.
“Very good. Danes use a lot of English words, you see. Like computer, weekend, sweater and elevator.”
“I wouldn’t consider myself lucky, being tied up by a stranger in a bed that smells like old semen and mould, but we all have different preferences.” Sherlock replied dully.
“God, I hate these small hotel samples.” Sherlock said casually and leaned away from John again. Had it been a coincidence? Or maybe it wasn’t Sherlock’s erection he’d felt after all. If it had been, how could Sherlock act so nonchalant?
Sherlock listened with care. First of all he couldn’t believe that John had actually had sex with a man before. Secondly, he felt so sorry for John, for exposing this part of his past to him. Hell, for even having this past as a part of him.
“Jeg vil meget gerne booke et værelse vi kan bo i på ubestemt tid.” Sherlock said, and John felt himself grow even more impressed than he was in the taxi.
“We are not having this discussion now. The concert is about to start.” Sherlock snapped loudly before pacing into the glass building. John stumbled after. Sherlock merely handed him his ticket and disappeared into the symphonic hall. John followed and placed himself beside Sherlock, but they were blocked from one another’s presence by a brick wall of devastating silence. The concert started and John loved the music from the very first moment, but he wasn’t quite able to enjoy it. All he could think about was his fight with Sherlock and it felt like heavy tons were crushing down on him. The snakes in the pit of his stomach wanted to make their escape, and just as the orchestra was playing a particularly beautiful sequence, they found their way up John’s throat and out through his eyes, disguised as salty liquid. Obviously Sherlock noticed because he put his arm around John’s shoulder and gave him a tiny smile. John felt warm again.
And so they kissed again and this time it lasted for more than five minutes, until Sherlock broke apart again.
“Well, I am though. That is basically the reason why I’ve been so stubborn when it comes to my sexuality. I’ve always tilted a bit both ways, but after that I refused to acknowledge that part of me. I felt I was the reason for Morris’ breakdown. But then…”
“Thank you.” Sherlock said. “Now, Mrs. Hudson, John and I will need to talk for a very long time now, so it would be great if you didn’t come up anymore today.”
Sherlock opened his eyes. His vision was blurry and he had a slight headache. As his eyes began to focus he looked around and saw that he was in a sterile room with dark walls and only dimly lit by a couple of large candles in the corner. He was lying in a bed, and could smell the familiar scent of John next to him. What the hell had happened last night? Where were they? He remembered the two of them had gone to a tiny lugubrious pub in a dark alley outside of London to follow up on a lead regarding their latest case of a missing person named Andiel Rosim. They’d sat down on a table after having ordered two beers as a simple cover. After that Sherlock couldn’t remember a single thing.
John exhaled heavily and tried to turn closer to Sherlock, but he couldn’t, so he settled with putting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
They overslept like teenagers the next day and had to rush out of the hotel room and grab a taxi to the airport. Sherlock sat in the front for some reason and John heard him speak to the taxi driver in seemingly fluent Danish. They reached the airport just in time to check in their bags, and then rushed to the gate. There were only four gates there, so there wasn’t much rushing required, but still. When they had finally boarded the plane, they found their seats and could take a real look at one another for the first time that day.
With these words Morris moved next to the candles, where he sat down in an almost invisible chair, gun still pointing at John and Sherlock.
Sherlock put one arm on John’s hip and the other enclosed around his torso. Then he entered, much more gently than he’d done the two other times. This was love making John thought. The sensation was incredible. Having Sherlock’s cock inside him was the very best thing he’d ever experienced. They started moving back and forth, and Sherlock placed his hand on John’s rock hard penis and moved it in the same rhythm as his hips. They both started making loud noises, so loud that Mrs. Hudson would probably hear them, but that was not worth a fraction of a thought at this moment.
“… and two. They are extremely inconvenient products for a person with large hands, such as myself.”
“Please, listen. It’s for your own good. When Morris comes, and it probably won’t be long from now, he’ll make us repeat yesterday’s affairs. He will make me hurt you even more. I don’t know how, but he will. If you let me have sex with you now I can warm you up. Make things not hurt so much when Morris comes.”
At these three little words, John threw his arms hard around Sherlock and hugged him tightly. Sherlock hugged back and they stayed in that embrace for minutes.
“Oh. Ehrm. Yeah. Religion is a stimulus for people with absolutely no cognitive and rational qualities, and in that precise moment I had neither.” Sherlock said with a cheeky smile.
“Jeg vil meget gerne bo på et rum med kun en dobbeltseng.” John heard Sherlock said, and it sounded like complete gibberish.
“Lubricant? Didn’t pick you for the funny type, Mr. Holmes. Come on. Fuck him. And do it within the next minute. Rough. Really rough. And if you fail at either, I’ll kill one of you, whoever disappoints me the most.”
“Fine. You know what, John? Fuck this.” Sherlock said, and John was startled by Sherlock’s unusual cursing.
“Well, sentiment was never really my area, but people can change for the better if exposed to people better than them.”
“I must admit, I thought we would have to stay in Denmark for days and days, but the idiot hadn’t even locket his basement door. It even stood ajar and was full of all kinds of information. Mycroft will be thrilled.”
“Your sexual appetite makes you hard just by being exposed to strong wind. I’m not taking credit for that.”
Christ, this was hell, he thought as he entered his bedroom. He didn’t re-emerge in the living room before he was positive that Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson had left.
Sherlock led the way back to the bus stop, and John suddenly felt emotionally knocked out. What would happen now?
Sherlock resented the Berlin wall of coldness that was rising between them. He most certainly hadn’t asked to be trapped in this situation, and it was obviously some dubious history of John’s that had led to this, so why John was so angry with him was beyond his understanding. Being trapped in this maniac’s cell of a bedroom wouldn’t help them reach conclusions or tear down the wall, so Sherlock realised that he needed to find a way out. It took him a couple of minutes before he could think of the simplest, but most brilliant idea possible.
“We’ll see in the morning.” Sherlock said, kissed John again and moved to his side so that he could put his arm around John.
“That day we met… In Bart’s. I was so turned on by you and by the way you looked with that microscope. And then you spoke, and those deductive skills would have had me begging for you then and there if I hadn’t promised myself that I’d never ever let myself tilt to that side again. Ever.”
“Hi guys. Sorry for barging in, but you didn’t hear us knock.” Lestrade said, uncharacteristically happy. Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
They kissed themselves towards the sofa and when they reached its edge they just kept on kissing while taking off each other’s clothes. After a couple of struggled minutes they were completely naked.
“Brilliant.” John said before he could stop himself. Sherlock sent him a smile and it made John bubble with warmth.
“Do best friends do this, then?” Sherlock asked, and turned around so that he easily could remove the duvet and place his other hand on John’s lower abdomen. This time John wasn’t capable of giving a response. He knew what was coming next and his entire body trembled just by the thought of it.
John had absolutely no idea what to say or what to do. He was afraid to even touch Sherlock accidently with his leg or something, in case he’d be rejected again. After a while Sherlock spoke again.
And now they were sitting on the dusty floor in Baker Street, in their fourth hour of drinking. John counted nine bottles of beer for himself and seven for Sherlock. They were both quite drunk.
“Cool.” John said. He guessed that Sherlock had already read up on everything there was to know about Aarhus and stored the information in his mind palace. No reason to question the knowledge.
“Sherlock, do I have to tell you again? I don’t mind you being gay. Why do you make such a big deal about it?”
“Yes. There are many beautiful things.” Sherlock said looking down at John, and once again John felt this unidentifiable feeling in the pit of his stomach. Why was Sherlock acting so strange? Sometimes completely distanced and cold, and the next moment so warm, caring, yes almost seductive. And why did these little seductions make John’s heart beat faster?
They both looked at each other for a long time until they, at the same time, moved even closer and let their lips met. The kiss lasted for briefly four seconds after which Sherlock pulled away.
“This is just like that god awful crap movie you made me watch. It’s so much cooler in real life, though.”
“You need these to pay almost everywhere in Denmark. Regular Visas don’t always apply. Stupid.” Sherlock said, and John was pleased to hear the usual annoyance in Sherlock’s voice.
Sherlock didn’t come home that night. John had paced around their flat since Sherlock had left. When the clock showed three in the night he texted Sherlock.
“Oh, yeah, there was a little problem with the check-in. They were out of long-term available double rooms, so this is all we got.” Sherlock said, sounding like a child explaining a wrongdoing.
“Don’t be. With me you have nothing to be embarrassed about, or ashamed of. You didn’t ask for this, and I only want to help you. And when we eventually find a way out of here I will personally make sure that my brother castrates Morris. Metaphorically speaking. Or not.”
Sherlock looked at the front page, and Mycroft could tell that he had become completely out of breath. Sherlock opened the paper to read the section within, and Mycroft leaned over to read the headlines.
“Well, we’ve never been of the average best friend sort either, have we?” Sherlock said, smirking. “Does my arm bother you?”
John nodded in agreement and stood by the front door, waiting. After twenty-three minutes Sherlock came back outside.
“Now, Mr. Morris, aren’t we an unlucky fellow?” Sherlock said with a voice filled with pure hatred. He truly hated the pathetic man in front of him. Hated him for having made him hurt John Watson.
As they walked off the bus in the centre of Viby, just a tiny little place with a tiny little church and a tiny little square, Sherlock led John down a street and then down another street.
The room was beautiful, John thought. Hints of gold everywhere, a beautiful view over the church, and a large square in front of it, which John had failed to notice earlier.
“Up we go then. We haven’t eaten properly all day. Let’s get some take-away.” Sherlock said. They stood up and put on their dressing gowns. As they re-emerged from the bathroom they walked directly into Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson.
John took into consideration what Sherlock had said about him suddenly shifting sides or whatever one would call it. He remembered the slight embarrassment he’d felt when he was being penetrated by Sherlock, even though it was the best thing he’d ever felt, it had somehow made him feel submissive in a way. He wondered what people around them would say if they were suddenly seen holding hands in public. What would the newspaper headlines say when the press discovered it? He would have to explain himself to everyone he knew. What would all his former dates think when they saw? Fuck all that, John concluded. He loved Sherlock, truly did, he knew that now, and he was not going to hide that from anyone. After they collected their suitcases, John took Sherlock’s free hand and together they walked out of Heathrow airport. Outside Anthea stood waiting for them, face down in her telephone as usual. She looked up at them when they approached, then down at their joint hands. John remembered how he’d tried to ask her out the first time he’d met her, and instinctively let go of Sherlock’s hand. He felt Sherlock's eyes burn through his neck, but turned and dropped his suitcase in the back of the black car sent by Mycroft and bent down to enter the car. Sherlock entered on the other side. John saw how Sherlock’s hand was resting on the seat between them, and moved his own to enclose their fingers. Sherlock sighed somewhat happily in response.
“Sherlock, don’t. It’s all right.” Sherlock heard John say desperately from his side of the bed. “Please, Sherlock. It’s all right. It’s okay.”
Sherlock must have noticed, but he didn’t comment on it, just kept on walking towards the bus stop. Ten minutes later a bus appeared and none of them said anything on their way back to the hotel.
Sherlock disappeared into his bedroom, shut the door with drastic force and reappeared quickly, having changed into his usual clothes.
“It will be our little secret.” Sherlock said, just like he’d said yesterday. John didn’t answer, but let out a willing sigh.
“You’ll see. Now sit down, or I’ll shoot Captain Watson’s leg, and then he’ll have a limp that can’t be fixed with antidepressants, all right?”
“I don’t recall that, John Hamish Watson.” Sherlock said, trying to smooth over his embarrassing mistake. John laughed a bit, and it felt good being able to joke despite of the fact that Sherlock was literally buried inside John.
“Don’t worry. It’s not that expensive, besides it’s on Mycroft.” Sherlock said as an answer to John’s unspoken astonishment. They walked over to the receptionist, a brown haired woman in her twenties.
Sherlock picked up speed and after a couple of minutes he felt his orgasm build up. It was crucial that John didn’t come at the same time, so I removed his hand from John’s dripping penis and let him self go and collapse into an amazing orgasm.
“I can’t do this with you. Loving me in a locked room is not the same as loving me out in the open.”
“See, we’re both religiously stupid sometimes.” Sherlock teased and stuck his tongue inside again. The sensation of licking John’s insides was almost too much for him and he felt adrenaline and blood rush to his penis. He unzipped his trousers so that it could live and grow freely. He pushed John gently in the back and John fell onto the bed in front of them. Sherlock admired the beauty of the man in front of him and realised that he was indeed the luckiest man alive. Morris was right on that. Sherlock pulled off the rest of his clothes and climbed on top of John’s naked body. He wasn’t going to pursue him just yet. He had the rest of his life to do that. And then it would be one hundred percent consensual.
“God damn!” John cried and came before he could stop himself. Semen gushed over him like a tide wave. Sherlock hadn’t reached orgasm yet, and the feeling of having him inside after his orgasm was almost too much to bear. Sherlock, obviously experienced, understood this and withdrew.
“That’s called Store Torv”, Sherlock said, pointing at the square. “Large Square. Quite idiotic name. That over there is Bispetorv, with Aarhus Theatre behind it.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Sherlock said and before John could take another breath he felt Sherlock’s fingers inside him. Underwear miraculously removed. That was fast. John gasped and moved his hand directly onto his cock and began stroking it. Sherlock fucked him faster and faster with at least three of his fingers, and John wondered for a second if he would insert his entire hand, but at that thought, Sherlock withdrew and replaced his fingers with the tip of his cock. John could feel it was already rock hard, just like his own. A second later John was filled from the inside out and his prostate was experiencing stimulation like it never had.
Lestrade usually slept as long as he could, then rushed out of the house to get to work in time. Today he’d woken up early for absolutely no reason. Well, maybe he could act like a proper English man and start the day with tea, breakfast and newspapers. While he waited for the kettle to boil he went to buy The Daily Mail on the newsstand right around the corner. He saw the story gleaming towards him from every front page and felt his heart skip a beat. Fucking hell!
Sherlock choked, jerking his head back to scowl at the omega with disdainful eyes. "Do try not to bring my brother in the bedroom. But yes, I'm sure the very idea would confound him. He'd have a stroke, no doubt." John laughed, deep in his belly.
John stared back in stunned silence; his heart was crashing around his ribcage like an injured bird. “What…are you saying?” He whispered, his voice barely escaping past the panic settling in his chest.
hazed the air, warm and wet and right. “God, I hate that part, get us a washcloth would you?” John pleaded, face blushing vivid red before he hid his face with his arm.  Sherlock wanted to protest, he rather liked the sight of his omega painted in his fluids but decided to save John from further embarrassment and just do as he was told, scrambling from the bed on legs that felt something like jelly from lack of blood flow.
"That's it, love, come for me." Sherlock hissed, turning his head, so his teeth bit into the swell of John's thigh where it slung over his shoulder. That was all John needed. He came with a sharp cry against Sherlock's ear, seed spilling across his own belly, his scent exploding into vibrant hues and surrounding them in a haze of desire. Sherlock watched the whole thing from hooded eyes, growling out his approval with animalistic ferocity.
In his ear Mycroft was talking to his someone, he didn’t have the focus to gather about what. Thankfully he was not hanging up, as if he were just as uncomfortable with the idea of leaving John to his own devices as John was. He evaded further detection for a couple more streets, twisting and turning at random in an attempt to keep away from the more prominent cameras. There was no guarantee that he wasn’t spotted already, but he tried his best, taking back alleys he was familiar with thanks to his work with Sherlock.
The spill of alcohol against the broken, inflamed skin had Sherlock jerking away. "Dammit, John, careful!" Sherlock snarled, baring his fangs in distaste. John's lips lifted in response, showing off smaller fangs, not giving in to the dominance display in the least. Sherlock wanted to tongue at the barely-there canines, lick at the hard protrusions with his soft tongue. Instead, he watched deft, latex-covered fingers dab and squeeze and manipulate the folds of broken skin, baring through the ache until John seemed confident in a job well done. The omega ignored Sherlock's protests, humming under his breath as he slapped on some antibiotic cream and taped the whole lot up. Against his own judgment, Sherlock felt himself relax against the omega, the soothing sound of his voice taking the sting out of Sherlock's hand.
Blinking through tearing eyes, he caught the sound of hard-soled shoes coming from outside, followed by a man and an elderly looking woman. The man, Eddington, he would assume, was still wearing those dark blue trousers from earlier. He took in the scene with a grim sort of detachment, his eyes only pausing for a moment on Brody's disfigured form.
Lips pursing in a thin line John considered if running was the better priority over dealing with the tail. Another bullet clipping a sign just inches away from him made the decision for him. Rolling his eyes he spun in place, taking a moment widen his stance, aim his gun and shoot. The sound of the bullet exploding from the barrel had him flashing back to memories of sand and the blazing sun when someone had been shooting at him in a much different manner.
John seemed to give in to some inner need and dropped his hold in Sherlock's hair, instead using his palms as he hopped up onto the table, shimmying onto the wood with a roll of his hips. Sherlock moved with him, dropping his hands to grip the back of John's legs and help him up. Moaning his approval, John spread his legs to give Sherlock room to ease between them.
This is an excerpt from a previous story I wrote. I don't honestly have any plans for completing that fic, but I thought I'd take my favorite tidbit from it and kinda flesh it out into its own personal short fic. Who knows, maybe someday I'll finish Until the End, but for now, maybe you'll enjoy this?
The night was damp and cold, as it tended to be this time of year. His breath fogged from his lips in a bellowing gust, disappearing in the humidity of the air in seconds. Taking a moment to himself he paused on the street edge, looking out over the River Thames. His eyes lingered over the dark blue water, lapping at the edge of the Westminster Pier. The lights from the Ferris-wheel across the way reflecting bright azure across the surface of the river.
“This young lady is a close second in terms of success, current state aside she managed to last against the virus for three months without full loss of self. We are pushing the boundaries of science Jacob. Oh - but forgive me, I’m passionate about our goals. I see you have your hands full - Is this who I think it is?”
The gorilla of a man paused outside the automobile, a gun visible through the tight fit of his shirt as he looked around, checking for threats. Sherlock stayed where he was, unmoving, as did the rest of the team. Though they did not have much to worry about. There was a high degree of certainty that the men wouldn't see him. The rain would take care of that. Never had he been more grateful for a rainy day in London.
Maeve stepped in next to him, pursing her lips. “Meet Eric Bates. According to the credit card, it’s stolen, but it puts a name to the face.” She waved the piece of plastic.
From there, everything had unraveled, a dark, dirty entanglement of kidnapping, breeding, and slavery. Or at least that was what Sherlock's research had shown. The fact that Sherlock had, up to this point, not found a single victim perhaps warranted the most concern. To his knowledge, no reports had surfaced mentioning botched kidnapping attempts. No families had come forward about their missing family members because, until a month ago, they'd taken those people who wouldn't be missed: the homeless and drug-addled.
They moved and touched and explored each other with eager strokes and skilled hands until both of them were panting and gasping for more. Until the former army captain was left an unthinking mess under his hands, moaning and keening exactly how Sherlock wanted him.
Sherlock caught it out of the air with a soft grunt. It was new, they went through them far more often than most people, given their day jobs. He used his nails to work at the tape as John swiped the washcloth from the bed. Sherlock scowled down at the box. His mood dampened considerably at the thought of the other man washing away all the traces of their coming together. He tried to force down those baser instincts, but couldn’t quite manage it.
“Lovely, I see you’ve treated the wounds.” Mycroft jerked his head to the two men, sending them off to take care of things.
“Yes?” He questioned, tone bored and laden with annoyance. His head hurt and he had no patience for curious onlookers.
"Nnnn…" John seemed to be beyond words, his mouth a red slash of panting, hot breaths, chest heaving, and eyes closed as he relished the moment. A blush of pink pooled on the tan expanse of his chest, tinging it a lovely shade. Sherlock chuckled, the sound dark and warm as John's fingers set to tugging him closer, pulling at his hair, and then his ears and neck until he was level with John's head again. "If you don't get inside of me right now, I swear, I will strangle you." John managed to vocalize after a moment of catching his breath, his voice cracking.
“Is this okay?” Sherlock questioned, dragging his hands up warm skin and slightly soft abs. John’s belly jumped under his touch, tense, probably from the nighttime chill that still lingered on Sherlock’s fingers.
Seeing that had made him imagine how horrible it would be to watch John being taken away on a gurney without ever telling the man his feelings. Without ever saying the words that hung on his tongue at the end of every one of their interactions.
“Ah, so that’s how you do it.” He mused, straightening to examine the alpha with new eyes. Tall, yet unassuming, blends into the background, a job that no one would question or look into. Much like the cabby in the case John had so aptly titled “A Study in Pink”, this man was someone who could be anywhere at any time and not be questioned.
“Why do you have them then?” John questioned, reaching for the sleeve and slipping another biscuit free. He ate this one with a little more gusto, now that the other two had gone down comfortably. Mycroft scowled and pulled the biscuits away, gesturing at the fruit slices.
“John?!” He moaned the omega’s name, the one word evoking all the aching need and watery emotions that he’d been feeling all night. Desperate for more Sherlock slid his palm along John’s jaw and back to cup the swell of John’s neck. The hairs at the back of his neck were damp from his shower, soft to the touch. He growled his approval as the older man stumbled backward until he leaned against the table again. Tilting his head their tongues met with an eager curl of muscle on muscle, pressing and tangling together in gasping hot breaths. John tasted of garlic and peppers, the heat of whatever he’d eaten transferring to Sherlock’s lips in tantalizing sparks. His lips were warm and enthusiastic, and like nothing, Sherlock could have ever imagined.
It’d been one of the nicest compliments he had ever received, he kept the memory of it in his Mind Palace, safe and treasured. Which was neither here, nor there really, other than the fact that his mind kept trying to impose John’s beloved features over this strangers face.
They moved fast, with the efficiency of men who had done this dozen, if not hundreds of times before. The door closed behind them, a guard falling into position in the rain, his bulk ducking under a heavy overhang as he moved to take guard beside the doorway. The sound of the wind blowing was the only thing that broke the growing tension.
The thought felt dreadfully close to admitting defeat. Mycroft straightened in place, locking his knees in an attempted to push back the malaise. In front of him Lestrade’s eyes narrowed and his brow furrowed with the telltale signs of concern. Leaning into Mycroft’s space he drew in a deep breath. Whatever he smelled most have answered his question since his eyes softened with sadness.
“This will make our work much simpler if we can get that buffoon off our back. Take him to my office, and leave him with my guards, we have need for you on the field.” Sherlock’s hair is released and he let his head flop down on pendulum of his neck.
"Tell me when your ready, John." Sherlock purred as he adjusted fingers in the blond until he rubbed that sweet spot deep inside that had John shouting and tensing beneath him. Thinking critically, Sherlock set to spreading John with a third finger. Those tight muscles resisted at first, clenching around the new intrusion. John whimpered, his biceps flexing where his fingers clenched in the pillow, his hips hitching as he spread his legs, making room for Sherlock's fingers. "That's it, open up for me, omega."
“I think you like being romanced.” Sherlock shoved off the door frame with his shoulder, left hand shoving an errant curl of hair off his forehead as his right reached for the bottle. Looking into John’s eyes he brought the bottle to his lips. His adam’s apple worked as he swallowed down a liberal mouthful, the burn of the alcohol heating its way down into his empty belly. John’s eyes latched onto the movement of his throat then slid downward as Sherlock set to work on the buckle of his belt, slipping the leather through the buckle until it came undone. Sherlock thrived from the other man's eyes on him, his own eyes going dark and eager.
“Come ‘ere.” The bottle barely made it back onto the nightstand before John was pulling him close again, wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s thin waist and using his significant muscles to yank Sherlock close. Sherlock dropped to his knees, hands bracketed on either side of John's neck; and pressed his forehead to John’s, looking into endless blue eyes. John blinked, pale lashes touching his cheeks, before his eyes opened, starring back up into Sherlock's eyes, searching for something. "Damn, you are so fucking gorgeous." Sherlock chuckled, his breath catching as he used his already slick dampened fingers to drag down his own cock, coating it with John’s slick before he lined his aching sex up with John’s entrance and pressed passed the first rim of muscle.  The omega beneath him rocked, heels digging into his hip bones and urging him forward.
"There's nothing here, Lestrade. Did you pick up any laptops? Electronics?" Sherlock snarled into his headpiece.
Facing the desk was an equally hulking mass of an armchair. A man sat slumped in the recesses of it. The only indication of what he looked like was a peak of red hair followed by a glimpse of a phone in his palm. Across from him stood the other beta, pacing the space between desk and chair with a general air of boredom. He was a greying, hardened fellow with his hands in his pockets and a disinterested expression that said he was used to seeing more action than this. The disgusted look, he cast Jason's way as the other man burst into the room was intriguing.
A knock on the window to his left had him jerking up from the tent of his fingers. Fixing his features with the mask of calm that he normally presented to the world.
His roommate had just returned from an all-night shift at the A&E, and the fog of exhaustion that usually accompanied him after those long nights had hung heavy over his shoulders. The chance of him leaving the house before five was in the lower tenth percentile. Which meant the probability of John being here in this state was even lower. Yet, the similarities were striking.
-There are some huge plot points addressed in this chapter. We found out more about Eddington and what Sherlock has discovered so far.
coming to an end. He might normally mourn the loss of a good case, but in this, he was grateful for it to be over. Overhead, lightning zinged across the sky, thunder crashed in time with the adrenaline high beat of his heart. The rain picked up, sleeting out of the sky in heavy droughts. Heralding the arrival of their prey.
He didn’t have a chance to mourn their loss. His vision rushed away in hazy black, his body crumbling to the cab seat as he dropped like a puppet with its strings cut loose. The last thing he was aware of was the scent of the car interiors worn leather as his head lolled loosely on his shoulders and pressed against the seat cushion.
“You are clear,” Mycroft announced against his ear, and John heaved a sigh of relief, throwing all his faith into Mycroft’s observational skills and dashing out of the alley. His feet skidded on the pavement beneath him as he dashed around the corner, taking a left and breaking into an all-out sprint to get away as fast as he could. He tucked his gun in tight against his side, shielding it from sight with his jacket.
They chased their combined pleasure higher and higher until John was groaning beneath him, one arm clenched into the swells of pillows above his head, abs a taut line of muscle as his other hand worked up and down his own shaft chasing that final release. Sherlock bowed his head between their bodies, watched the slide and peak of John’s hand as he worked his hand just the way he liked it. The head of his cock peaked from within John’s grasp, reddened and eager, and no doubt aching to the touch.
The thought was too atrocious to consider; the vision of August's face twisted with illness to similar to John's for comfort.
He found what he was looking for in the room the furthest down the hallway. Heard it in soft, rasping gasps of pain and quiet, fearful moans that only an alpha's keen ears might have picked up on. Reaching out with one leather-clad foot, Sherlock opened the last door on the left with a light push of his toe. The hinge creaked hideously loud in the echoing darkness, opening the way to the dark recess of a windowless room, a storage cabinet, or a janitorial closet, perhaps?
"Alright. Do your thing. We only got the second in command. The Keeper wasn't present. If there's any way to chop the head of this snake off, I want to know it." He heaved a sigh, the sound exhausted and frustrated. Sherlock nodded, his own belly tight with disappointment. He'd hoped to take down the whole crime ring in one swoop.
"Blood no. Spots yes, though only just now. Violent thoughts…well, I just killed a man. Actually, he killed him," Sherlock gestured to Colt even as he internally berated himself, such an idiot.
John lie sprawled on the bed, completely nude, and displayed in all his glory. He was nothing but well-used muscles and sun-kissed skin; he looked like a lured picture picked right from Sherlock’s deepest fantasies. The omega’s cock rested ruddy and heavy against his belly and bobbed slightly under the weight of Sherlock’s gaze.
Walking over to the table, Sherlock caught sight of a dark stain of blood. This would be where Lestrade's men had met with the kidnappers. The scent of gunpowder was strongest here. His sharp nose picked out the lingering odor of aggression and pain. The one casualty of the night would have been taken down only meters away. His brain matter stained the ceiling, blood spatter and viscera drying against the plaster. For once, Sherlock didn't need to bother with investigating the cause of death. It was well known to him.
"I-I...don't know." Sebastian flinched from him, jerking his hand out of Sherlock's hold. He was lying. Sherlock could tell that much. Though he supposed one might not like to think about five years of captivity. "Please help, please. I need a doctor." He croaked, voice cracking as he reached for Sherlock, fingers twisting in the lapels of the alpha's jacket. His grip was shockingly weak where his finger tugged on the hem of Sherlock's coat. The scent he let off doubled, overwhelming in its intensity.
"Yeah, call an ambulance. I'm staying," Sherlock ordered, wrapping his arms around his chest. John or no John, his protective instinct wouldn't let him leave the omega alone.
There was a growing list of at least one-hundred missing men and women that had been abducted, taken off the street, or from their homes, never to be seen again. Not one mistake, not one escapee, out of more than one-hundred people. That success rate was admirable in Sherlock's eyes, though he wouldn't say so out loud, for the fear that John would kill him for being cold.
It was useless, primal instinct, age-old, base, animalistic need. Omega males were notoriously infertile if unbonded. And even a happy, healthy omega, in their prime and bonded to an alpha, would have trouble becoming with child. It took years of building up a relationship. Trust and understanding for an omega male to carry a child. Omega biology was quite fascinating in that way.
Feed your writers, we do this for the comments and the kudos friends. Also, for the adorable relationships and ever expanding universes, but that's second sauce my friends.
The missing went back five years. Five whole years of evidence lost thanks to poor detective work and weak evidence. It had taken that long for authorities to notice a pattern and the uptick in the number of cases. Even then, it only came to Mycroft's notice when some well off couple, with high up connections, had their daughter taken.
Maeve didn’t bother guessing, crouching just shy of the puddle of blood and flipping the tongue of Mr.Bate’s shoe down to expose the inner tag. The woman was ever to the point. “Correct Sir,” She agreed, standing up
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at that, undoing the cuffs to his shirt so he could shrug it off his shoulders and drop it into the curve of his palm. As an afterthought he turned back to the flat door and took the few steps to send the lock home on the door. “You have a point, but ‘shag,’ really John?” He questioned and raised his voice so John could hear him from the other room. He tried to sound casual, even though his mind was on fire with the fact that he and John were becoming…something. He’d need more data to give this new level to their relationship a label.
“Very well, Mycroft, I will be there in thirty minutes.” Sherlock’s voice does not sound all that eager, even though there is a new development in his case, and John smiles at that. He likes that he stands a chance against a good mystery.
Mycroft was talking in his ear, voice concerned and more than a little angry that John hadn’t been updating to him on what was going on. “Calm down Mycroft!” John rasped into the phone, breathless and aching at this point. Touching the back of his neck he winced at the feel of liquid escaping down the back of it. A glance at his hand showed blood tinging his fingertips vermilion. Looking away he examined where he was., there was a petrol station and behind it, a secluded alleyway. Stumbling into the darkened alley he leaned heavily against the wall, chest heaving with every gasp of breath. He eyed the entrance at the head of the alley worriedly, anticipating someone would come around the corner any moment
A thrill of excitement made the hairs on Sherlock's neck stand up. He did so love the chase, and this one was
They moaned in tandem as Sherlock eased inside with one slow thrust. John took him in with a welcoming flood of slick and twitching muscles. Sherlock watched John's eyes widen with pleasure, felt the hitch of his breath as he bottomed out deep inside the omega. Sherlock's own breath stuttered in his lungs, and he closed his eyes, rocking his forehead against John's as he paused and just
A sudden weight landing on top of him sent the breath wheezing out from his lungs, and he choked back a laugh as he felt nothing but sharp elbows and knees digging into his belly and shoulders. Long fingers scrambled to slink the bedclothes from around John’s face. “I’m off, John,” Sherlock announced, his face peering into the hollow he’d created.
"Am I ever wrong?" The very fucking idea. Sherlock rolled his eyes. When would they learn to stop questioning him? "This is their headquarters. There's no doubt about it."
“I get to say I caught Sherlock fuckin’ Holmes, course I’m happy as a clam.” John had chortled through grinning lips as he settled into bed, spent, and languid from enjoying Sherlock’s body. While Sherlock couldn’t agree on the imagery he did fully agreed in the essence of it. Happy as a clam indeed.
Across the way, a lorry came to a stop in front of the warehouse, the breaks squealing in the rain. The driver leapt from his door before the wheels had a chance to fully stop. Despite the weather, the scent of aggressive alpha penetrated the air. Strong and chili pepper hot on the nose, it seeped into his nostrils like bad Chinese food. Sherlock resisted the urge to growl, forcing his own protective alpha response down with a slow, controlled breath so as not to risk giving their position away.
"Yeah…yeah, we did good, huh?" John question, his cheeks staining a bright red. Reading between the lines, Sherlock took that to mean something along the lines of
It was the work of no more than second to shift his foot from where it supported the edge of the door. The move off-balanced the beta, holding it just enough that he heard the man stumble in place. Twisting in place, he kicked the door hard the muscles in his thighs bulging under his slacks as he slammed it closed with all his considerable strength. His thoughts were only to temporarily distract the beta on the other side of the threshold. Instead, he heard the distinct sound of flesh connecting with wood, followed by something large substantial crashing down the flight of stairs.
“You forgot something.” The man explained in a nasally voice, holding “something” out in his hand, the object itself obscured by the rain.
“Christ, how is this even working” The omega waved a hand between their entwined bodies, the gesture encompassing everything from his face pressed to the lapels of Mycroft's chest to the hand at his throat and the soothing pressure it provided. It shouldn’t have been possible for Mycroft to comfort John like an alpha. Yet above him, Mycroft’s brow was wrinkled with a level of concern that John had never seen. His blue eyes flickered over John’s no doubt pale face, looking for signs that John would break further.
Pushing aside the moment of nostalgia, he moved over to the room’s only window. The early noon sun shone out into the damp alley that butted up between their flat and the one next to them. The fire-escape was close enough to touch, he just needed to get the window open. Sherlock’s window nook was covered in various odds and ends that blocked him from accessing it. With a clatter Sherlock’s books and a candlestick found their way to the ground. The sound was too loud for comfort.
A turned-over chair and the muddy shoe prints lead him back into the depths of the building. He followed the muddy footprints to the back of the room, where a staircase led upward. Tracing the evidence, he took the stairs two at a time, emerging onto the second-story landing.
Eagerly he reached for the other man, his fingers tangling in black locks and tugging Sherlock down until their lips meet with a spark of pent-up desire. Sherlock lets him lead, eagerly seeking out John’s lips with a sharp clash of teeth that spoke of two people who still did not quite know each other's bodies yet.
Thirty beds, littered through a dozen different rooms. Each one was just as filthy as the last. Ascending higher, the other two floors proved to be more of the same, with the mattresses on the topmost level being used the least, judging by the level of staining. But other than that, there wasn't any information to go by. No papers with writing, no leads as to the Keeper's whereabouts—too much trash to make out the finer clues.
Mycroft reached for his phone end pressed the mute button on his side of the conversation. “God-fucking-dammit!” John’s fearful last words rang in his ears and his fist crashed against the hard metal of the door frame. It was a rare outburst of pure emotion that broke through his normally cool exterior. It had him seeing red, his normally subtle scent bursting hot with cinnamon and sharp rosemary. In the camera footage, he saw the taxi pull away and dropped his head to his hand attempting to gain back some kind of composure.
“Get in. Boss needs ‘em with ‘is heartbeatin’,” Came a sharp command. That confirmed one thing, they had no reason to shoot and kill. John watched from his position hidden behind the door, a sense of measured relief coming over him. The shorter of the two, and a full-blooded omega, stepped into the room. His gun cocked at shoulder height, elbows lose, and leading the way with the weapon like it was a dog on a leash. He looked like he’d watched one too many cop shows. If he did get a shot off, the recoil alone would probably knock the idiot out. The unknown omega brought with him the cloyingly sweet scent of berries and oatmeal overlaid with the iron smell of blood sharp and bubbling with excitement and anticipation.
John seemed to give in to some inner need and dropped his hold in Sherlock’s hair, instead using his palms as he hopped up onto the table, shimmying onto the wood with a roll of his hips. Sherlock moved with him, dropping his hands to grip the back of John’s legs and help him up. Moaning his approval John spread his legs to give Sherlock room to ease between them. Sherlock took the invitation for what it was, crowding the space between John’s legs until his aching hardness butted up against John’s eager erection. Both of them spurred into overeager excitement just from the shock of coming together. John whined low in his throat, one leg shifting up to latch around Sherlock’s hip so that he could grind them together, eager and wanton.
He found it in the room the furthest down the hallway. Heard it in soft, rasping gasps of pain and quite, fearful moans, that only an alpha’s keen ears might have been able to pick up. Reaching out with one leather-clad foot he opened the last door on the left with a light push of his toe. The hinge creaked hideously loud in the echoing darkness, opening the way to the dark recess of a windowless room, a storage cabinet, or janitorial closet possibly.
“Lovely.” The words spill from Sherlock’s lips before he even thinks. John blinked, and for the first time a bright flush stained across his cheeks, a shy smile tugging the edge of his lips even as his deep blue eyes flashed away.
"Holy shit! Sherlock!?" John choked in surprise, hips hitching as Sherlock forced them to still. He tasted of soap and clean, warm skin; the hairs at the base of his cock tickled Sherlock's nose. His hand twisted in Sherlock's hair and alternated between tugs and slow caresses as he moaned out terms of endearment and appreciation that devolved quickly into curses and then nothing but heady gasps and sobbing breaths. His leg was slung over Sherlock's shoulder, anchoring him to Sherlock.
Donovan scurried from her place by the car to his side, her despicable face now far too visible, the smirk twisting the edge of her lips even more aggravating.
The heel of his foot dug into the curve of Sherlock's shoulder blades when Sherlock slid the swell of his thumb into the entrance of John's channel.
“See, you are a romantic.” John pointed out, lifting the bottle for another swig, hiding again. Sherlock rolled his eyes, he’d never heard anyone complain about a bit of romance before. “And from my angle, also far too dressed.”   The blond added with a wink, his bicep flexing as he held out the brandy for Sherlock to take.
He didn’t hear John take the stairs up to his room, the other man seemed to know all the weak spots on the steps and always avoided them. He did hear the upstairs door creak open, and quite rummaging. John returned holding a first aid kit, tossing it at Sherlock with a careless movement that still somehow showed off how easy it was for him to aim the thing.
“Now, come here and give me a kiss.” He commanded, tugging with long fingers at John’s arm to uncover his face. John complied, but only because he has been wanting the same thing.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in return and watched as John hopped off the table on a fighter's light feet, his cock bouncing in the sling of his briefs. "Sounds only proper." Sherlock followed him into a standing position and reached out, tugging John into a kiss before he could turn away. John sighed in appreciation, moving in close, his fingers deftly unbuttoned Sherlock's plum-colored top. He then preceded to yank it free from the waistband of Sherlock's trousers. Sherlock sucked in a breath as his skin hit cool air. John's murmur of approval hit low in his belly as the older man stepped back and admired his handiwork, one palm reaching up to caress Sherlock's nipple and down the length of his belly, hot and warm. A brand to the skin, a claim directly from John's hand.
- John got his ass handed to him by an omega. Yes, that did happen, I'm trying to remove gender biases from my fic. There won't be any of that discriminatory hate speech. No omega mollycoddling ( relationships don't apply), you won't find someone asking "What the heck is that omega doing out of the kitchen."
“Tell me where you are, I’ll come to you.” Mycroft spoke up around the sound of John’s labored breathing.
He actually does fade away for a bit after that, the tranquilizer sending him on a hazy ride not unlike some of the drug-induced trips he’s taken before. When awareness slithers back in he’s being dragged, hands wrapped tightly around his torso and pinching under his armpits, each step has his back and shoulders protesting. The heels of his shoes scraped against concrete, and the rain was blessedly absent.
"He's pregnant. How the hell is he pregnant, Lestrade?" Sherlock deduced, laughing under his breath. Omegas, especially male omegas, needed to be very well cared for to bear children. A sick, terrified, captive male omegas did not become pregnant. One of those men in the house had been his mate. How had he not realized this sooner? It was brilliant!
On the screen of his laptop was a display of a map with London’s street cameras marked off, each camera had a red or green light displayed next to it to indicate its functionality and/or accessibility. Currently the Marylebone area was a display of bright red dots that shouldn’t exist. Mycroft was green lit to access any and all city surveillance systems as long as they were physically functional. The likelihood of every camera in the area going down all at once was as close to zero as it could get.
"Stay down, Donovan." Lestrade's voice echoed in Sherlock's earpiece and from his left at the same time. The inspector shifted beside him, his elbow nudging into Sherlock's side, a sharp, uncomfortable jab. Sherlock jabbed back. The detective was uncomfortably close, no matter the circumstances. Heaving in a deep breath for patience, Sherlock turned up the collar of his coat against the prevailing wind.
Gritting his teeth, he followed through with the move, allowing the omega’s weight to yank him backward. There was a crunching sound of an end table as the other man crashed into it, and the sound of shattering of glass from a lamp following shortly after. Twisting in midair, he used his body weight to slam his back on top of the other man with a grunt of effort. The breath knocked from John's lungs in a painful grunt, but it was worth it as, beneath him, the omega choked, crushed between John’s weight and the hard beams of the wooden slat floor. He heard the distinct sound of the gun as it skidded across the floor, landing mere inches away, hammer still cocked and ready.
Sherlock chuckled in relief as he realized that John had the same fears of inadequacy and rejection that Sherlock did.
“Most of them escaped in the scuffle, Sir. From what we could see it was 6 men at this location. Additionally, there was a secondary vehicle that drove off before we could engage them.” Maeve explained, tone clipped, and to the point. “We
“Well and good, load him up, I want him out the door and to our facility before the police get their hands on him.”
John remembered, clinging to the last memory he had of Sherlock. Maybe that was enough, they practically were a mated pair, in everything but sex. And alpha or no alpha, that didn't change the fact John craved the comfort of home and more, importantly, of Sherlock. There was no home to turn to now, not when Sherlock was missing.
“Hmm… is that so.” Almost absently he looked down, his eyes catching on the busted soles of the omega’s shoes. Lifting his umbrella Mycroft used the point to press on the toe of Mr.Bate’s shoe, twisting the bottom of his foot up into the yellow light coming from the overhead fixture. “Ah….that would explain things,” Mycroft spoke over Eric’s shrieks of pain as his tendons pulled on traumatized tissue.
