”Uh-huh,” is the only thing Sherlock says, then is just sitting there, silent, as the words begins to flow out of the kid in a steady stream.
John released his hands from his grip, and instead grabbed ahold of Sherlock’s shoulders. In a gentle but determined move, he turned Sherlock around in his arms, never breaking their body contact. Sherlock gathered courage to briefly meet his eyes. All he could see was warm, light, shining. John’s eyes were dark with focus.
. She walked over and stretched out a hand to help Gabriel up on his feet again, he accepted it, then leaned back against the wall, holding both his hands to his burning cheek. Sherlock was just observing the spectacle; high, dazed, stunned.
”I’m not the same as I was back then, John. I’ve changed. You do not have to worry about me any longer.”
This has not happened John very often, and when it has, there has always been a perfectly reasonable explanation. Like being completely pissed, for instance. But now, shit. He can’t count how many times he’s had that conversation with patients, always reassuring them that it’s something that happens to every guy once in a while, perfectly normal.
”What happened with Sherlock is my fault. If I hadn’t, last Saturday, you know-” Gabe stopped talking, seemed to get lost in thoughts for a while.
“And into this mess – a mess into which you have walked completely voluntarily, I might add – into this you want to drag my brother! Of all people. The last man on earth equipped for that!”
”What the- Who the hell are you? I’m a policewoman, not a bloody secretary!” She looks about ready to smack Sherlock in the face.
John felt the usual pang in his chest, the way he always felt when someone asked him about Sherlock and he had to answer.
Gabriel was animatedly telling his story, and held the table’s attention. ”Everybody knew Sherlock was this genius of course, and he was also known to be willing to share some of that big brain for, you know, the hard currency of boarding school - cigarettes and booze. It’s just like in prison I imagine!”
He had been excused from having to share a room, after an understanding doctor had written a note to the school saying that Sherlock would not be able to benefit from his education otherwise and that it was in the best interest of basically everybody.
John inhaled sharply, and actually took a step back when he'd noticed Sherlock. It took him a moment to overcome the shock, so similar to how he'd reacted that time in December, when they had stumbled upon one another in the blizzard.
”I’m well skint, ya know. Not a penny. ’is is the first time I’ave somming to eat for days.” The kid is beginning to slow down his speech a bit. ”Was only try’n to fuckin’ survive.” More silence, then a sudden sob cuts through the transmission.
In the taxi, on their way to the home that they shared, Mary spoke to John for the first time since they had left the restaurant. She was turned away from him, gazing through the window into the darkness.
The psychiatrist in charge went quiet, then cleared her throat. “Well, there’s no reason to go into worst case scenarios now, is there.” She forced a smile, tried her best to be reassuring. That was kind of her. It was.
“Mary,” he began. “I think I know to a great extent what you are capable of. I wouldn't dream of underestimating you. And I think you were right in what you said, about how that's a reason why I fell for you.”
John saw Sherlock closing his eyes for a second, not making any attempt to move away from the touch. He was breathing so heavily that John could actually see his chest heaving underneath the thin shirt.
Charlotte was happy to explain, and didn’t seem condescending at all. John actually thought it was pretty interesting, the things she was telling him, about art and a curator’s job. She was funny and quite blunt in the way she talked about things, he could see why she and Mary got along.
”Of course you wouldn’t have, not right away. But eventually. John I know how sensitive this matter is to you. It would have changed things. Small things first, then adding up, then becoming unbearable. And then you would have left. And I-” he paused, swallowed, ”I wanted to postpone that for as long as I possibly could.”
Tonight, he’d had just a little more than one glass of the excellent Cabernet Sauvignon that John had brought. Although he didn’t feel intoxicated, there was definitely a light buzz in his blood, and it helped to muffle the internal soundtrack of thoughts that threatened to break the spell of this fantasy.
John was still kneeling on the floor, nestled in between Sherlock's legs, and although that certainly was a weird position to have a heart-to-heart talk in, he was reluctant to start stirring too much now. No, not when they had this subject out in the open, talking about things they had never, ever touched upon before.
John groans loudly out into the room, strains to keep his hips still. Sherlock’s taking him deep; John feels his cock hitting against the roof of his mouth, his throat.
”Alright. Naturally, I was so bloody curious about this gorgeous, grumpy boy, but he was never around.” He looked at Sherlock again. ”Right after lecture you’d take off like a bat out of hell!”
It occurred to John that this was just how life was, at this point, at this age. This was what real people had in their real lives. Pasts. Ex-wives, ex-boyfriends. New lovers. Kids and dogs with joint custody-
He put his hand lightly back on top of Sherlock’s, just the way he had been holding it a few minutes ago. It was such a subtle move, barely noticeable, but impossible to misread regardless.
She’s silent for a moment. ”Fair enough. I guess you know this best.” She pauses for a moment. ”Maybe Sherlock just isn’t… capable of feeling things like that."
”It’s either that, or you start taking those goddamn antidepressants I gave you,” Mike had said. ”Frankly, John, I’m getting seriously tired of seeing you like this.”
The killer dog, as John thought of it, was straining on it’s leash, pulling forward, while Sherlock kept talking without breathing - at least, that was how it seemed. John loved it. He loved walking next to him, listening to the brilliant stream of consciousness that was flowing from his mouth.
he had wondered, the first morning when he’d woken up in his own bed, in his own place, feeling at peace for the first time in… he didn’t know. Too long. Way too long.
John’s face has changed now, from anger to something more difficult to read. It’s his soldier face - neutral, unwavering. He’s standing in front of Sherlock, back stick straight, intently waiting.
The waiter cleared the plates and returned a while later with the cheese tray and port wine they had ordered. It occurred to John that since they arrived at the restaurant, he hadn’t had one single thought about the messed up emotional state he had been stuck in for the last couple of weeks.
”I really think that I should be the one on the floor. Seems wrong to kick you out of your bed on Christmas Eve and all.”
”Oh, that was our neighbours’ girl. Unusual name - Eurus, was it..? Only child, so she’d come with us, sometimes. She was a bit…
With his right hand, he tilted Sherlock’s head slightly down. Sherlock could see him wetting his lips with a quick dart of his tongue. John reached up and let his lips, ever so softly, touch Sherlock’s lower lip in a featherlight kiss.
”I do need tea, and milk, and honey, and let’s see, some of those biscuits I like, take two packets while your at it… Toilet rolls… Hm, and if you see that Belgian chocolate, the one in the brown paper box, pick up one of those as well… Yes that ought to do it. I’ll text you if I think of anything else. See you at 8-ish then?”
John had caught himself staring at that perfect mouth, imagining what it would be like to touch those lips with his own, only to then realize he hadn’t heard a word of what Sherlock had been saying.
”Go to sleep, Sadie,” he called, pleadingly. The only result was that the dog now started to whine on top of the scratching.
, thought that it was a ridiculous euphemism, used by people who were too uptight to admit they liked to fuck. But right now, he thought that perhaps he needed to revise that opinion.
”What about Rosie?” Sherlock asks. ”If you decide to accept.” He pokes around the food with his chop sticks, is not really hungry but decides to take a cucumber-avocado roll anyway.
“John, please,” said Mycroft, now with a more genuine tone back in his voice. “Don’t be stupid. I am here because Sherlock asked me to.”
that money can buy, John! It just came in. Do you know what they feed the pigs to make it taste like this - acorns! Nothing but acorns!” He laughed and gave John a big squeeze as they parted.
John tuned out their odd conversation. What had just happened? He had been one second away from kissing Sherlock. Would Sherlock have pulled away if they hadn’t been interrupted? John didn’t think so, and his entire body felt electric at the possibility.
He felt absolutely speechless, was standing there in silence, with his mouth open, just looking around the room, trying to take it all in.
“I'm so happy it is,” John whispered back, and saw Sherlock's eyes shining with something that looked an awful lot like... like love. He kissed him again, gentler this time, took his time with those soft, beautiful lips.
”Never say never, John. When you have a child that young together; sometimes you find your way back to each other, anyway. Might be worth it, if there’s a way.”
He remembered it so clearly, it stood out brighter in his mind than anything else, the way John had used to look at him. In his eyes, there had been admiration, and acceptance, and a smiling warmth.
, Sherlock thinks as he gets up from the breakfast table. Took the tense edge away, now it’s easier to breathe again. It was as if the long breakfast - and the liquid refills - worked as a sort of reset for them both.
”Just shut up, Mary.” John sharpened his voice. ”How I may or may not feel about Sherlock is actually irrelevant. Let’s focus this talk on us instead.”
Sherlock was keeping his eyes mostly fixed on the phone in his lap, but once in a while he would glance up at Gabriel. John could see that he was a little bit flustered.
”Ha!” John says. ”Yeah, that night was pretty bad, too. But I was thinking about the time we got locked inside the cold storage room in Soho. Still glad I didn’t lose my toes.”
, he’d used to call her, that short time before John left London. Had never before bothered to get to know a child, but this time, it had been…
– Sherlock only said he'd never let anyone else touch him – but that didn't necessarily have to mean that he'd never touched someone else like this-
The room smells of Dettol disinfectant (lavender and orange), washing up liquid (apple), and John (too complex a scent to put into words). John who apparently still cares about Sherlock, enough to come with him, enough to stay up all night to clear up his mess. And enough to make it to his interview with two -no, probably just one, given the traffic situation at the last intersection this time of day- one minute to spare. In trousers that look like he’s been crawling around on the ground in them (because he did) and a wrinkly shirt that looks like he’s slept in it (because he has).
Back in Sherlock's bedroom, they quickly picked up where they'd left off. When John was able to breach Sherlock with two liberally lubed up fingers, he felt a tremble run through Sherlock's thighs. Sherlock was lying down on his back, and John had encouraged him to hold his own legs up, bent by the knees, in order for John to be able to work Sherlock with both his hands.
At this, Mark, who up until now had been quietly following the exchange, bursted out in a roaring laugh. He clapped his hands together in a happy gesture. ”Brilliant! That was absolutely brilliant! Perfect timing, perfect reference! Ha!”
”You actually think you’re going to have a relationship with Sherlock! Oh it’s just too much!” she said, and started to laugh again.
He thought about John. It was good, to be allowed to think about John without feeling guilty. He wondered what John was doing today. Thought that the world could never be too bad, as long as John Watson was out there somewhere. He smiled.
When John is just a couple of blocks away from the hotel, he stops under a streetlight. There’s a text from Rebecca, he ignores it. Can wait until tomorrow. With fingers stiff from the icy cold, he starts to write.
They were kissing, and John couldn’t resist slipping in a little bit of his tongue between Sherlock’s full lips, just for a while. But that quickly got far too intense, and he had to lean back again, catch his breath, trying to regain some sort of composure. As he did, he shot a glance to the wooden floor of the bandstand, then stepped back a little to look around.
“Of course you wouldn't, but that's beside the point now, isn't it? The end result is what matters.”
It only takes John about ten seconds to realise that Sherlock, for once, wasn’t exaggerating. It is chaos. Mycroft is the first one who comes to meet them in the hallway. John winces a little as Mycroft kisses Caroline on the mouth, just a small peck but yet, a sight he’d never thought he’d see.
”You have abrasions on your knuckles, tell-tale sign of a boxer. There are also remnants of the adhesive from the zink oxide tape you’ve used for protection. I can see by the way you move that your shoulder is hurting more. Boxing probably isn’t the best choice of exercise given your shot wound; yet understandable in light of your thrill seeking disposition and previous combat training. So, boxing it is. I bet you’re quite good at it.” He faced John with an anticipative look in his eyes.
“I liked what, exactly?” Sherlock asked, but his voice was trembling. John smiled. This was going to be fun.
”Have you?” That emotional mess is back in John’s chest again, he tries to compose himself. Needs to push the implications of this out of his mind for a while, because he’s not willing to lose this moment to sentimentality.
”Lestrade wants me to come in to the station tomorrow at noon. They’re bringing in the suspect in the Brixton murders for the first round of questioning, and he's asking me to listen in. Sneaky one, that killer. Got a waterproof alibi but he’s guilty, I know it.”
”Don’t be an idiot. It was for a case. I was only there for a case, and by some unfortunate coincidence, John found me there. He got it all wrong.” Sherlock shrugged, took a sip of his cold tea.
, Sherlock thinks, some of the old bitterness creeping up again. He pushes it away, no time for that now. Not now when everything is… right. More than right. He smiles. ”I can see how suburbia might get a bit… dull."
He can’t think. No more energy for that, not anymore, this night. And ethanol, unlike most molecules, can easily cross the blood-brain-barrier; Sherlock can definitely feel the evidence of that, now. He allows himself to lean forward, until his forehead is resting against John’s shoulder. Notices how John tenses up for a short moment - but Sherlock doesn’t even have it in him to worry about that.
The unreal feelings were not, as one might have expected, caused by the fact that they had been apart for so long and now were suddenly alone with each other again. No, quite the opposite. It was because it felt like no time had passed.
John slid out of his chair until he was kneeling on the floor, right in front of Sherlock. He still held his hand on Sherlock's hard cock, and now he closed his hand around it as best as the barrier of fabric would allow. He squeezed his fist tighter around it, felt it grow rock hard in his hand. The sensation went straight to his own cock, he felt it straining uncomfortably against his jeans now. He looked up, made contact with Sherlock's half shut eyes.
“He always, er, does that. Every Christmas since, I don’t know, long time ago. I didn't think it would be appropriate to say he couldn't-” his voice trickled off momentarily, “but if you prefer, I could call him back to say-”
Sherlock bucked his hips up to increase this wonderful friction, but it had the opposite effect, and made John's cock slip off Sherlock's and fall heavily against Sherlock's buttocks instead. They both inhaled sharply in response to this unexpected – and suggestive – touch.
Sherlock was quiet, taking in the words. It had indeed hurt badly, John using the one word that people threw in his face on an almost daily basis.
He pressed send, then spent two hours checking his phone every thirty seconds. Finally it chimed. He had tried to brace himself for yet another excuse, but his heart still sank when he saw that it was just that.
John looks at Sherlock, notices how the colour seems to drain from his face. Sherlock walks straight up to the sideboard in the back of the room, puts his tea mug down and instead, pours himself a large glass of scotch. Still standing, not speaking, he takes two big gulps of it in quick succession.
There was wetness and heat and soft, soft, soft, and then there was a flicker, ever so brief, of John’s tongue reaching in to taste Sherlock’s. It sent a razor sharp shudder down Sherlock’s spine; his breath hitched.
John reached out, placed his hands on Sherlock’s upper arms. Slowly, he let them trace down, marveled at the feeling of soft skin and hard muscles. He stroked back up again, squeezed his shoulders, then moved over Sherlock’s flanks. Sherlock was standing still, with his head slightly leaned back. He was breathing faster now, and John noticed his chest moving with every breath.
He got up, pushed the curtains aside, and made the bed with the precision that was deeply ingrained in him after the years in the army. On his way out of the room, his arm brushed against Sherlock’s robes that were hanging on a hook. He didn’t even try to fight the impulse, but simply grabbed the red one and tucked it under his arm. He’d take it with him.
”I’m so happy to get to do this with both of my boys present this year,” Mummy says, looking over her shoulder. She turns to John. ”We took them here for Christmas Mass, for so many years. And Sherlock is practically raised in this church.”
John smiles, shakes his head. ”No, Sherlock. No, they couldn’t. What you did, is that you figured out what he needed. You listened, really listened. And you showed him respect, and decency, and.. and empathy, Sherlock. And you shared stuff about yourself, in front of all these strangers, things even I didn’t know about and- that can’t have been easy. But you did it because you-”
”Good,” she says, then hushes her voice even more. ”I don’t know why Sherlock finds it so difficult, with us. Daddy and I, I mean.”
”I’m sorry,” he reluctantly added. But he really wasn’t. If anything, he was mad. Why did John have to go make himself a baby, so completely idiotic. It had ruined so much of what they’d had, and what they now could have together. Hell, why did John have to go put his dick into that woman in the first place. He felt sick just thinking about it.
It was a great relief to finally be on his own, alone with his spinning mind. He got out of his clothes and stepped into the shower, exhaling as the hot water enclosed him.
By now, it was evident that Janine's romanticized fantasy of having a cottage in the country didn't quite match the reality. Like a water leak in the kitchen, broken radiators and a badger underneath the house.
Maybe it was the fact that Sherlock still wasn’t back to his normal capabilities, after the previous night. But suddenly he thought that this young, bearded, trainer-wearing person perhaps wasn’t so bad after all.
”I’m so sorry. I swear, if I’d been there with you, I would have killed them. Killed them with my bare hands.”
”Must have been like a childhood dream come true, eh! Being the serious doctor in the daytime and kicking the ass of bad guys at night. A proper Clark Kent/Superman set up!” Richard laughed out loud, pleased with his own metaphor.
But then. Suddenly a fluster of activity. And Sherlock hadn’t been on top of things, no, far from it. Mycroft had tried to tell him to stay out of it, had tried to warn him while simultaneously avoiding to give Sherlock so much information that he would be forced to lie to John.
“If Mrs. Hudson hadn't been home, I think we would have seen a very different outcome. And that frankly makes me terrified to think about. Surely you understand I need to do everything in my power to prevent a situation like this to occur again.”
”Clever thinking, John,” said Sherlock. ”Just make sure to tell me when, so I can go back to Baker Street.”
When the train is slowly coming into the station, he is one of only a handful of people to get up. The outdoor platform is more crowded, though, with lots of family and friends meeting up their loved ones. He makes his way through the crowd of hugging people and suitcases and shopping bags, looks around. He can’t see Sherlock anywhere, so he puts his duffel bag down on a bench at the end of the platform, decides to wait there. His phone shows no messages, probably Sherlock will be there soon. John’s stomach does a funny little flip at the thought of seeing him again. He’s not been able to think about much else for the last couple of days.
Sherlock opens his eyes again. ”No,” he says, and John thinks he’s been an idiot, feels his cheeks burn.
”Want to suck my dick too while you’re at it!” a stocky young man in the middle of the group shouted, making an obscene gesture seemingly directed at Sherlock who happened to be positioned so that he was facing them straight on. The comment drew more laughter from the guy's friends. People on the sidewalk around them were looking away, hurrying to not getting involved, it seemed.
”Couldn’t you have figured that out, oh I don’t know, let’s say maybe before you got married and had a baby?”
It was so incredibly intimate to be allowed to touch Sherlock like this, and John decided to lay down next to him instead. He needed more body contact, and got the feeling that Sherlock probably did, too, being quite exposed in the current position. He laid down on his side, and came face to face with Sherlock, who had turned simultaneously.
”He weren’t in the car, was called there after the hostage situation had become clear. Lestrade came to the scene, found out that the clerk held hostage was a young woman, seven months pregnant, and offered to take her place before anyone had a chance to stop him. Always the genteman. I’ll fuckin’ kill him when this is over.”
John worked his hands under Sherlock’s, coaxed open his tight grip on the granite. He moved his hands back on top of Sherlock’s, pushed his fingers through his, intertwining them, holding his hands against the cold surface. He leaned forward, pressed more of his body against Sherlock’s.
”At Sherlock?” Caroline’s voice is easier to hear, the pitch more distinguished from the noise in the kitchen. Sherlock nervously waits to see where this conversation is headed.
He still had the key (had felt too dramatic to return it, like breaking up or something, how silly, and Sherlock had never asked for it back), and if he managed to climb the stairs quietly enough, maybe he could sneak in and make a good scare out of it.
Thinking of laughing with John by the bar made him happy, he’d already stored that moment in John’s room in his mind palace.
problem,” Sherlock blurted out and then regretted it. The last thing he wanted to do now was to send John away again.
He looked around the room for John, he was nowhere in sight. However, then he detected the little Watson girl, running at an alarming speed right towards him. She looked as if she could fall on her face at any moment. He really hoped that wouldn't happen, since that would mean that
Have to think more about that, later. But first, a short burst of activity as Uncle Rudy is thankfully, finally leaving; Daddy will drive him somewhere - Sherlock has forgotten where or what it was (has not bothered to learn it).
”It’s difficult with exes. My ex-husband and I, we went back and forth for years before finally making the cut for good. Kept trying, for the girls… This is your first Christmas without Rosie, yes?”
”We might as well have a bite, don’t you think?” Sherlock had said when they were seated, and John had nodded in amazed agreement.
Leaves a generous tip, then exits. His mouth is dry, his breath shaky as he backs away a few steps on the pavement to gaze up the windows. Notices the compact darkness inside, but thinks he can’t be sure. Walks up to the door to ring it.
Sherlock is holding his head raised up from the pillow, staring down between them, his hands in a steady grip on John’s upper arms.
Finally, John shows up at the doorstep, his cheeks and nose red from walking in the icy rain. In his left hand he’s carrying a damp, brown paper bag, which Sherlock instantly identifies as coming from the sushi place around the corner.
In a rush, John showered and got dressed. He chose his clothes carefully, trying to look nice but relaxed. From a kitchen drawer, he got out a note pad and a pen.
to worry about!” he slurred happily. ”Although, John, I would prefer if you scooted back a bit, you’re not crossing over to the dark side now are you!” He sniggered.
Sherlock was in his blue dressing gown, but it was untied and open in front, he had one of his usual thin t-shirts on and it was pulled up to his chest, revealing Sherlock’s well defined abdominal muscles underneath pale, almost hairless skin.
John found himself completely lost in her story, forgetting all together how they had even ended up there, on the cold kitchen floor.
Sherlock is waiting for the kid to be brought out, searched, cuffed - one hand to an officer, the other hand free, after Sherlock’s specific instructions.
When he wakes up next time, it’s morning, just past eight. He can hear John’s asleep but doesn’t allow himself to look at him before he gets up. What happened in the early morning hours already feels unreal, like a dream.
”That’s not even legal,” he said slowly. “I have a right to see my child. You can’t do that.” It was difficult to breathe.
As they both were able to begin to move a bit faster, Sherlock noticed how John’s excitement increased. His body was tenser, his respiration more shallow, his pulse higher. The sounds he made; the moans, the grunts - they all fed straight into Sherlock’s own arousal.
At lunchtime, John was sitting by his desk with a much needed cup of black coffee in his hand. The meeting had, as expected, been hard, and right after he had seen seven more patients, the usual steady stream of sore throats and allergic rashes.
Sally sighs, looks at the Commander who appears mildly annoyed but shrugs. ”Get the hell on with it,” he says.
It dawned on John that this was the second time that Sherlock had made him feel like this at a nice restaurant. The first time had arguably been a lot worse, because honestly, what could possibly top the shock of your best friend coming back from the dead. However, right now this felt quite difficult as well.
Done his best to keep up the illusion of everything being the way it should; pretending that John had just… gone away on a trip or something. Day-to-day life was difficult enough as it was now anyway, without the bliss of a seven percent solution to help him get through.
He and Mary had been carefully avoiding each other the entire day, only exchanging a few 'here' and 'yes' and 'ok' regarding Anna. Or maybe it had mostly been John doing the avoiding. They had grabbed breakfast and lunch separately, and John had tried to make sure to move away every time it looked like he might be cornered and pressed for some sort of dialogue.
”How old are you? I didn’t know they employed children at this place,” said Sherlock. This was a waste of time.
Sherlock had so far not said a word about it, had not complained. John hadn’t given it much thought, either. To him, Mary was a chapter that was closed a long time ago. But maybe it was still a bit difficult for Sherlock? He was going to be more mindful of that, in the future. Be better at showing Sherlock how much he appreciated his efforts.
John had to grab the edge of the table to steady himself. It was really him. A thousand memories came crushing down.
He felt Sherlock snuggle in even closer, and John embraced him and squeezed him tight, closed his eyes. He'd sleep well tonight, he could feel it. Tonight, there would be no nightmares, no waking up to panic attacks. This is happiness, he thought hazily. He hadn't felt it for so long he'd almost forgotten what it was like.
As the effects of arousal and booze had worn off, John felt questions begin to surface in his mind. Questions about where this left them now, and what was going to happen in the future. It had all happened so fast, but he already knew that he wanted more.
Standing absolutely still, protected by the darkness of the staircase, John could not stop staring at the sight in front of him. He felt like a deer caught in the oncoming headlights of a car, frozen, mind racing, brain not fully willing to take in the signals the eyes were transmitting. Sherlock was having sex. With a man.
He got up out of the chair, reached out his hand to help Sherlock up on his feet. With shaky legs and beating heart, he made his way towards Sherlock's bedroom. Sherlock was holding his hand, following right behind him.
”Yes. That’s what I mean. I saw you, before, going through all those accounts. I’m sure you know more about that kid now than he does himself, and yet. Not a single deduction.”
”Well it’s always nice to hear again,” said the actor, returning his smile, and John could have sworn the actor’s cheeks got the slightest bit flustered.
am I supposed to say to that?!” He crushes his cigarette in the snow, hard, doesn’t bother to pick it up before stomping back inside. Leaves Mycroft standing there with those patronising fucking eyes of his.
After forty minutes of interrogation, mixed with what John could only think of as thinly disguised threats about various things he should or shouldn't do (quitting his job had been one of the shoulds), he had been dropped off at Baker Street.
And John sees Sherlock slowly sinking deeper and deeper into his chair, covering his face with his palm.
”What about this finger, John, it’s for you,” Sherlock says and holds up his left arm, the one closest to the bed, middle finger pointing up. His eyes have adjusted to the darkness now, so he figures John can probably see the gesture.
John lets go of Sherlock’s feet, leans forward to pick up his mug again, sits back. ”What you did tonight, Sherlock. That was amazing.”
”Please pick up the phone,” the negotiator bellows into the megaphone. ”Let’s find a good solution to this together.”
What was he dreaming? Impossible to deduce. Sherlock reflected for a moment about how dreams were a lot like love; hopeless to define in measurable factors. Maddeningly frustrating to make sense of, that’s what it was. He sighed.
There was no reply, not for hours, but just as John had switched of his computer and was getting ready to leave the clinic, his phone chimed again. He tore it out of his pocket.
”Yes - and I was telling you.” She laughs again. ”Think it would work. But alright, if you’re going to be all British about it, fine. I think your idea is excellent.”
Her name was Rebecca, five years younger than him. Divorced but had no kids of her own; instead, she seemed to be absolutely dedicated to her work as a primary school teacher in one of the rougher parts of London. He’d liked the way she looked, first, but then found she had a clever, low key sense of humour and a real nice way of making him feel like he could be himself with her. They’d been trading messages almost every day for the last month now, and tonight, they’d meet for the first time. So it was odd, really, how he wasn’t able to muster any of the excitement he’d felt just the day before. Maybe it was just the lack of sleep.
Afterwards, he slipped back into a relaxed state of drowsiness, feeling much better than earlier in the day. He was still on his side with Gabe behind him, wrapping him into a a warm embrace.
John stepped in closer, and there, right on the sidewalk, in the midst of all the people and taxis and traffic noise, he put his arms around Sherlock and pulled him in close. With his hand, he tilted Sherlock’s head down and then waited for permission. When he saw it in his eyes, he kissed him.
And at some point, as always before, the sinking feeling escalated into a whirling, drowning sensation. It was like a deafening buzz in his ears.
”Oh fuck,” John said again in a near whisper, looking happily at Sherlock. ”I’ll remember this for as long as I live.”
They were standing so close, facing each other. The music was loud and a hundred people buzzed around them, but Sherlock was the only one John could see.
Confident that this should do the trick, John turned around and walked over to the minimalistic waiting area in the lobby. He kept his eyes straight on the elevators.
She pointed at something in the wine list, Sherlock shook his head, she turned a page, pointed, he shook his head again in what John perceived as irritation. Behind Sherlock now, another man appeared. He got in very close to Sherlock and joined the discussion.
, John thinks again as he gets a good chance to finally see the kid in person. He’s merely skin and bones. Blonde scruffy hair, hasn’t been washed for a long time; dirty jeans and a dirty hooded sweatshirt, far too thin for the season. The trainers on his feet are falling apart, holes in both of them. John sees some kind of tattoos across the kid’s hands, a piercing through his left nostril. Eyes fixed down into the wet pavement.
John felt like his face was burning up. He wondered if Mike knew about his feelings, then decided he couldn’t possibly. John was newly wedded, after all, and the father of a beautiful little baby girl. A perfectly well adjusted family man. The obsessive thoughts he was having about Sherlock were surely not written all over him. It just felt that way.
“God, you're beautiful,” John said, running his hands across Sherlock's pale but muscular chest. He had to break the touch when Sherlock was pulling on his t-shirt, trying to get it over John's head. John freed himself, and then they were both standing naked in front of each other.
“I don't know.” He shrugged. “Since you obviously know me far more intimately than I was aware, I guess I felt a nickname would be appropriate.”
”No John, you really shouldn’t have,” Sherlock mumbles behind them. ”Pearls before swine, etcetera.”
And then, at the absurdity of it all, after the gruesome tension of this entire night, John just couldn’t help it. He could feel the corners of his mouth twitching, there was no holding back, and a big smile spread across his face. He broke out laughing.
They ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for the table to get ready. Within five minutes, Mary spotted her friend and her husband making their way towards them.
“I'll deal with this, John, thank you for your kind concern,” Mycroft had said at the end of their brief conversation.
They’re standing in the small hallway, where Rosie’s thrown herself on Mary like a little monkey, arms and legs wrapped around her.
“You liked me slapping you like that. You enjoy being a little bit... manhandled, isn't that right...
, by the cruel twist of fate that this all was, would be the one responsible for comforting her. Where the hell was John, he wondered.
Sherlock wonders anxiously, then decides that’s probably not what John meant. Living separately, but in the same city, then.
Sherlock had shouted the last part at the top of his lungs, so close to John’s face that he could feel small drops of spit hitting his skin. John stared blankly back at him.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up. ”It wouldn’t work… but I suppose it couldn’t hurt you to try…” and then he blushed, and John thought it was so adorable he had to pull him down to lie next to him again, drew him into a kiss.
The first time John had come in Sherlock’s mouth, allowing him to swallow most of it and then to kiss John with the remainder of the load still in his mouth, Sherlock had felt like he was quite possibly going to die of arousal.
It actually felt kind of good, Sherlock thought, to be allowed to say these things to someone. Especially to someone who, at least the way it seemed now, weren't going to start judging or lecturing him.
His first impulse is to follow, but no, John doesn’t seem to expect him to, so Sherlock stays and there’s possibly someone trying to ask him something but he ignores it completely. He needs to know what John says; sees him swiping to reply as he keeps moving through the crowded room.
Unceremoniously, Mycroft dropped a thin, brown envelope on the table in front of John. He immediately recognized the hospital logo, thought that it most likely was Sherlock’s medical records. John looked up at him.
He holds the coffee cup in his hand, but doesn’t drink. Stares with unseeing eyes out the window, out over the grey street. The snow has turned into a dirty slush, covering the almost empty market square in front of the coffee shop. Fleetingly wonders, for the hundredth time, how the hell he ended up here in this dull, lifeless corner of the earth.
”I’m so sorry, but I’d better get this,” John says, excuses himself from he little group and begins to walk out of the room.
Must have dozed off for a while. Didn’t matter, he had nothing particular to do today, anyway. Perhaps later, he’d put on some proper clothes and make his way to Daunt Books, the Edwardian bookshop on Marylebone High Street. He could spend hours there, getting lost between the shelves, always walking out with a bag full of books he hadn’t even known he wanted before coming in.
Sherlock stopped himself. “I'm sorry,” he said, and John thought one certainly didn't hear those words too often from Sherlock's mouth.
John smiles and then shifts to lift his hips from the bed. Pushes down his trousers and pants to his thighs. Smiles broadly, maybe because he sees Sherlock staring. And he
”Mr Trevor was really uncomfortable around me, after that, Victor even told me so. I began to feel like I was imposing, that my mere presence there was ruining their vacation. So I decided to cut my visit a bit short.”
”Are you real?” Sherlock asks, his voice shaky, his face grave. There is a hint of fear in his eyes.
John silenced him with another kiss, sucked in that lower lip and let his hand slide down Sherlock’s back to firmly cup his arse. On an impulse, he slapped it once, then reveled in the gasping sound it drew from the wriggling man next to him.
It doesn’t take much, and within seconds, John feels the first wave of orgasm approaching. ”Fuck, Sherlock, oh, fuck,” he hears himself repeating, and Sherlock is chanting, ”John, yes, John, oh-”
When Sherlock finally touched his cock for the first time, John couldn't hold back a moan. He sat up more, his arse between Sherlock's thighs, and looked down as Sherlock tentatively was beginning to move his hand. The feeling was surreal.
John turns back, shoots him a quick glance, then averts his eyes again but he’s definitely smiling now, and Sherlock tries to look at John but he can’t.
”As I’ve tried to teach you, repeatedly, although you never seem to learn: It is a capital mistake to theorise before one has all the data. It invariably leads to-”
”You know what they say, Sherlock; third time lucky," Gabriel had said with that warm, unguarded smile over dinner, the first night at the new place.
She throws her skinny arms around his neck, and they sit like that for a long moment, until John decides to try to lighten things up again. Tickles her until she howls with laughter.
”I have a double shift, so I’ll see you in the morning. Try not to set the flat on fire while I’m gone,” John said and nodded towards the burner Sherlock had gotten out in preparation of the experiment he was planning to start later on.
Mycroft had made his strong opinion on the matter known, as well. When they'd first gotten together again, Mycroft had been suspiciously absent. But all good things must come to an end, and one tired Wednesday morning in October, after a grueling fifteen hour shift, the black car had been waiting for John at the hospital main entrance.
During the years John lived at Baker Street, he had eventually made some sort of peace with the fact that Sherlock…
”But you know, John - when he’d calmed down again, he was also the first one to suggest to me that I could do this for a living. Still remember his words: ’All the detectives would be children in your hands...”
”John,” Mycroft said hesitatingly. John kept his gaze straight into the wall, did not care to muster the energy to look up at him.
He can hear Sherlock swallow, maybe his throat is tight, too. Sherlock is quiet for a while, John’s words hanging in the air. Sherlock wraps his coat tighter around himself, huddles up in his corner.
’Perhaps we can make dinner here,’ he’d written, and by that he meant - obviously - that John could make dinner. John was very good at that.
Sherlock sighs heavily. ”The entire time..” He’s still looking out through the window. ”I kept seeing all these horrible images in my mind. If I’d said something wrong, and Greg had… Could never live with that, John, you know that, and I-.”
”You seem extra slow tonight, John. Let me explain it to you clearly.” She paused, met his staring eyes.
Sherlock made fists of his hands and dug his fingernails into the soft flesh of his palms. The nails were too well manicured to cause any real pain.
He felt Sherlock blow a hot puff of air through his nostrils, causing his pubic hair just above his cock to move. John’s hands had instinctively made their way to Sherlock’s head, and oh dear lord how he had fantasized about this. Dreamt of running his fingers through Sherlock’s soft, dark hair, while he was doing this, exactly this. Only it was a million times better in real life.
”I’m sure it will all be alright,” he'd said stiffly, cringing at the hollowness. ”You and Mary will, er, work it out, and everything will be alright.”
John lets his hand fall back down on the black leather seat. Sherlock moves his gaze to it. John’s hand is such a short distance from his own. He has an impulse to touch it. He doesn’t.
”Can I take that as a yes, then?” Sherlock had moved his hand up that final inch, and was now palming John as he spoke.
Now and then, groups of people pass by. Perfume and cigarette smoke, laughter and chatter, the clacking of high heels on the pavement. From Marylebone Road, more noise; people and traffic.
”And now you honestly think you’re going to leave me - leave your WIFE - who just gave birth to your CHILD - to be with him! John, I never took you for such a fool.”
”I don’t live here anymore,” he said out loud, and suddenly felt like he wanted to cry. My God, he really had to get a grip on himself, all kinds of weird thoughts and emotions running wild this evening apparently.
Sherlock’s mind blanks for a moment, immediately followed by the usual urge to deflect, to make a joke, to laugh it off. Hide the emotions, the weakness; the dull, ordinary core he’s tried hard to bury so deep that it could never be exposed.
Oh, the feeling he got in his stomach from seeing John standing there, beaming, looking so amazingly perfect. It was surreal. He didn't want it to end.
John inhales sharply. ”Look, Sherlock, I know this isn’t the best timing, but as you know, I have to leave soon. Promised to pick up Mary and Rosie at the airport.”
“It's Gabe,” Sherlock said, and the words sent a massive wave of adrenaline through John's blood stream. “He's just going to swing by with a, erm, Christmas thingy.”
”From the way you sound, John… Might I expect to catch a glimpse of you in the Pride parade next summer?” He snickered and simultaneously tried to swallow the wine that he had just taken a sip of.
After a while he managed to keep his eyes open, and was met by the sight of real life John, watching him with concern and confusion.
Outside the small pharmacy, the activity is frantic. Three police cars, as well as the black undercover car that Lestrade apparently had arrived in, parked in a triangle shaped formation blocking off the street, bathing the entire block in flashing blue light.
“John, you really shouldn’t blame yourself. It was the right thing to do.” Greg’s voice felt distant, even thought they were sitting only feet apart.
“You like dominance. Power. To be in full control.” Sherlock was looking straight at John again, his eyes unwavering. There was a glimpse of something in his eyes now, something John couldn't remember seeing before. He noticed himself inhaling, audibly, feeling increasingly uncomfortable.
In the taxi on his way back home, he rested his forehead against the cool window as the car was making its way out through the streets, through the people leaving the pubs and restaurants, his eyes staring blankly as if he had been hypnotised; the scenario he had seen and its implications on repeat, a thunderstorm in his mind.
”Ah. This should be a bit more joyful,” Mrs Holmes says. ”We were visiting, it was Easter I think - Sherlock's first year at Oxford.”
“Oh, I don't know. To the hospital probably.” She was wringing her hands. “I've never seen him like that before, you know. He was..”
John let his mind drift to what it had been like, during those 18 months or so after Sherlock had died. He had never told anyone about this; not Mary, not his therapist, but he had been so very close to the end of his rope.
Although the day had gone well, Sherlock had still found it completely exhausting, this dealing with a young child-business. The ’nice lunch’, as John had put it, had proved to be something Sherlock definitely did not look forward to repeating within the next ten years or so.
The psychiatrist looked a bit annoyed as she repeated her question. ”Were there any major stressors in his life just prior to this? Any idea of what might have triggered the relapse?”
Under normal circumstances, Sherlock wouldn’t have given it much thought, but tonight, these little things kept adding up. And then he noticed the way that John was looking at him. John was starting to hold Sherlock’s gaze for a slightly longer than usual, and there was something new in the way he was looking at him.
”I know you don’t feel comfortable saying it, Sherlock, and I respect that, I really do. But I just can’t help to feel sad sometimes that you don’t, I don’t know, feel the way I do for you."
”Should make excellent fodder for conversation, during all those lovely double dates we’ll have. Given that we’ll accept the invitation, of course,” he said, sounding rueful. ”Something tells me Gabriel might be a little bit tricky to convince.”
“What you think about when you do it, for instance,” Sherlock said, and John felt the blush on his cheeks intensify.
”Cramer’s Blue Morpho, in English. It lives in the forests of northern South America. People used to make jewelry out of it’s wings.”
Sherlock looked at him, and John saw so much love in his eyes. It was a miracle, nothing less than a miracle, he thought.
“What about me?” Sherlock asked when John didn't finish the question. John thought he was trying to appear a whole lot cockier than he was probably feeling.
”No, what would you like to do?” he panted, still careful to keep his voice level down to a whisper.
The text to Gabe, no way to avoid sending it or he'd begin to worry. Kept it brief, pretended that everything was fine. More lies. They were up to his throat by now. Drowning in a sea of lies. What a way to go.
A crowd of ten to fifteen people had gathered around it, and from somewhere within it came a woman’s panicky screams. As John approached, he heard a man’s voice calling out.
“Sherlock, for fuck's sake!” John exclaimed. “Just what the hell do you know about my wanking habits!”
”What do you mean?”, said John, almost whispering. ”What do you mean, you waited - years? For me?” He looked completely confused.
“John, by the way,” he'd said in that typical manner of his, “it's good to have you back at Baker Street,” and his smile had seemed so genuine that John was compelled to return it.
The crowd is beginning to disperse, and soon there’s only John and a woman left. He looks at her, shoots her a smile and gets a polite little nod in return. She’s beautiful. Seems to be in her early fifties; tall, slender. Blonde, shiny hair cut just above her shoulders. Everything about her radiates elegance, he thinks. She’s dressed in an long coat, it looks soft.
An eternity ago, Sherlock had allowed himself to think that it would last. That they would be living on Baker Street, together, for all years to come. That no matter what happened outside - rain, fire, criminals - it would be just the two of them, in their chairs, taking a well deserved rest in front of the glowing coal in the fireplace.
Sherlock inhales sharply, closes his eyes. John immediately regrets being so forward; tries to take it back.
It has really been an amazing experience, to write this fic with the real-time support from you guys. I can't thank you enough for your incredibly generous input; in the form of praise, constructive feedback, funny remarks, kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks and recs. THANK YOU!
The scene is so familiar: Sherlock, sitting on the toilet seat, head leaned back against the tiled wall. He has his eyes closed, occasionally squeezing them shut harder from pain.
He kept looking, staring. Sherlock’s cock was erect, perfectly proportioned to the rest of his body. The hair - trimmed short, John noticed in passing - surrounding it was black, contrasting sharply to his pale skin, and his cock was flushed red, the foreskin partially retracted.
“That won't be necessary, madam,” he said to the woman. “I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade, from the New Scotland Yard.”
”You’re all I can think about, Sherlock. And yeah, I may have slept around but I’ve never, ever been with someone like you. You’re the most gorgeous creature I’ve ever laid eyes on.”
He stands in the doorway for a moment, taking it all in. It’s still Baker Street of course: the flat, the furniture, the scents. But…
To hear John say it, say his name; it makes Sherlock want to just change the subject and never mention it again.
”I can’t believe this is real,” he whispered; pushing, rocking, breathing against him. ”Can’t believe I get to do this with you.”
It occurs to John how very little he knows about Sherlock now. Has no idea of what his mental state has been these past years, except for the small bits and pieces he’s managed to extract from Molly on the few occasions they’ve been in touch. Has heard that Sherlock seems to be doing fine - staying away from drugs, keeping himself busy with work. It has been easy to tell himself that that was all there was to it.
He is not ready to do this, and why does John need to use this moment to bring up all kinds of difficult things? Isn’t it enough that he’s basically had his entire childhood and youth laid out on display tonight?
He scrolled through his contact list, stopped at Mycroft's emergency number. The one he always would answer. Imagined calling him up, like he'd always go on about how he wanted Sherlock to do in situations like this.
John had launched into his prepared speech. He was careful to leave Sherlock’s name out of it, even though the events two nights ago was the trigger for this whole talk and they both knew it. But it felt easier to just focus on how his feelings had changed.
. They need time, a lot of time, spent together. If Sherlock has learned anything these past five years, it is that his work is not enough. Not anymore. Maybe never was, he just didn’t know it. Not before John, who came in and showed Sherlock the difference between making a living and having a life.
”Yes. An actual telegram, on paper, delivered to my door. I guess he figured that was the only way, since I didn’t reply to.. well. In it, he begged me to come back to Dunnithorpe. Said that bad things had happened and that he was in great need of my help. Of course I dropped everything and went back.”
And that was the last straw for John. The punch hit hard, right across Gabriel’s left cheek, and it sent him tumbling into the brick wall behind him.
When Sherlock finally had been released from the hospital, Baker Street wasn’t empty, but it wasn’t how it once had been. John would hardly speak. He’d go to work, come home, usually with take-out enough for them both, and then spend the evening in silence, with his laptop and headphones.
An intense warmth is growing in John’s chest as he takes it all in. Somehow, he hasn’t really thought about the fact that Sherlock, this brilliant, amazing man, genius of reasoning, was once… just a kid. A little boy in a mustard knitted jumper, red trousers tucked into wellies. Being a pirate.
”Take it off,” John whispers, and Sherlock quickly rids himself of the shirt, lets it fall to the floor.
”If you want to, then, with this- I could actually stay here all the time. Only if you want to, of course, I mean, I’d be happy to keep my flat if-”
”Mr. Holmes,” she said. ”I hope you realize how very lucky you were last night. Most people would not have survived.”
Problem was, he didn’t say anything else. Instead, he leaned down, grabbed the clothes scattered on the floor by the bed, put his trousers on, clutched his shirt in an angry fist.
He’d brought two gigantic Harrods shopping bags full of gifts for Anna, and John got a weird sense that Sherlock had actually enjoyed picking out the presents for her. He hadn’t spoken much with John though, had barely looked at him to be honest. It had felt a bit awkward, although John really couldn’t pin down why.
Both Mrs and Mr Holmes look up at him, at the same time as Sherlock appears in the door opening again. He looks like he’s back to his usual self, and in his hand he’s holding a tea mug.
”Yes of course, John, I could have just told you.” He echoed John’s words back in a fake, whiny voice, reminding John of a little boy trying to pick a fight with his brother.
”Sure makes for a good story,” John smiled back. He had been standing this close to Sherlock before, on countless occasions, but this time, it felt different; different and difficult and wonderful.
Sherlock thought he might have made a sound, a long vowel sort of sound, but he wasn’t sure. His mind was beginning to disconnect, in that way that usually only heroin or a strong dose of benzo caused it to.
And then he suddenly stands up again, stumbles a little bit away from John, bends over and throws up.
Unceremoniously, John takes off his jumper and t-shirt, drops them in a pile on the floor. Shivers as Sherlock slides his palms down along John’s chest, then drags his nails against his sides on the way back up.
The bed swayed a little as John moved again. Still practically lying down over Sherlock, John moved his hand to grab his own dick. Then, ever so slowly, he began to drag his cock up and down between Sherlock's buttocks. He was breathing hot air into Sherlock's neck.
”Please, call me Gabe,” he said. ”Yes, we actually went to boarding school together. So I know what Sherlock was like when he was fifteen. If anyone’s interested, I’m open to trade information for drinks,” he smiled, then faked a loud ’ouch’ when Sherlock shoved an elbow into his ribs.
“There's no need for you to either thank me or ask for my permission, love,” he said. “Just go downstairs now, so the fella won't have to stand outside in this godawful weather.”
The long scars from repeated beatings, probably with objects like sticks or rods of some sort. The small, circular indentations of cigarette burns, red and deep, scattered randomly across the pale skin on his back.
John tried to appear as relaxed as he could when he answered Mike’s questions about Anna and Mary and life in the ’burbs, all the while thinking about how to best ask about Sherlock, but then Mike brought the subject up.
Sherlock decided to let go. Or maybe he just couldn’t resist any longer. He exhaled, a loud, drawn out ’ohhh’, and allowed himself to buck up into John’s grip.
His heart is beating fast, but he is overtaken by a very strange sense of calm; calm but not numb, no. Quite the opposite.
”Here’s what I would do,” Irene says dramatically, and Sherlock listens attentively. ”He’s coming back with lunch, yes?”
”Sherlock, aren’t you going to introduce us?” Mary said with a smile, and it seemed to rouse Sherlock a bit.
John crawled down further, got up on his feet next to the bed, and tugged at the hems to remove the trousers completely. He went on to remove Sherlock's socks, let his free hand glide up and down his calves as he went along.
About five months after they had started to come here on a regular basis, Luigi had ushered them into his office, closed the door and whisperingly told Sherlock about the increasingly frightening threats he had been receiving. Sherlock had sorted the matter in less than two days, and Lestrade had been more than happy to come and lock up the three men who had turned out to be running a mafia-like ’protection’ scheme, making life difficult for small business owners like Luigi.
They were back on their sides, next to each other and Sherlock shifted a bit, positioned them so that their cocks randomly rubbed together as their hips swayed into each other.
The fact that John wouldn't look up as he spoke, was a clear indication that he thought this was really difficult. It was quite unlike John, to be this – whatever he was? Embarrassed, maybe? Ashamed?
”What! Just what, Sherlock!” he yelled back. ”If you seriously think it would have been an issue for me, you know, with you being
”Seemed like a good idea at the time,” Sherlock mumbled back. This was a walk in the park compared to the monster comedown crashes he’d experienced in the past, but that he kept to himself.
They couldn’t talk about it, though, because every time John brought it up, Sherlock couldn’t resist making a point about how John should just quit, really he
John usually liked giving gifts a whole lot more than receiving them, and he felt a little bit uncomfortable now. It was, however, going to be interesting to see what Sherlock had thought out for him. This could go in absolutely any direction.
It was taking some time. Actually, it was taking a whole lot of time, but even though John was starting to feel desperate for his own release, it was more important to make this good for Sherlock. The effects of the liqueur seemed to have really faded by now, and John felt acutely aware of every little thing that was happening. He was holding Sherlock's cock in his left hand while fingering him with his right, but it seemed to be too intense for Sherlock and John stopped the pumping motion, withdrew his hand from his dick.
”Put that down, you need some sleep as well.” Gabriel gently tugged Sherlock’s arm and he obliged, closed the laptop and put it on the floor, then clicked off the bedside lamp.
Sees Sherlock’s eyes widen, and thinks that he’s beginning to learn a little bit about what works here, what works with Sherlock. For Sherlock.
With every shred of incriminating evidence against Mary gone, surely they would be able to go on. Put the past behind them. Be able to live that ordinary, orderly life that John seemed to crave so bad. Of course he did. After all, who would want to spend the majority of their time in Sherlock’s messed up mess, in his pathetic excuse for a life?
Sure, they'd experienced more obstacles than most people do in a lifetime, but that was history now. His marriage with Mary sometimes seemed to him like some sort of illusion, something that had never really happened. Anna, on the other hand, was such an ingrained part of his life by now that he, in contrast, could hardly remember the time when she hadn't existed.
”A boyfriend?” John repeated, feeling intensely that he wanted this conversation to be over, but at the same time desperately wanting to hear every detail that Mike could provide.
”I. do. not. want. that. job.” he replied. He could hear his own respiration through his nostrils, hard, controlled puffs of air.
This must be what John is like in his date-mode, Sherlock realized. Predatory John. A set of behavior patterns that had not previously been on hand for him to study. Similar to the way he had been acting last night at the bar. Sherlock felt his heart beating faster as he tried to consolidate this new data with all that he previously knew about John.
John appeared to balance on the edge between angry and agitated, speaking in a voice a bit too loud. ”The truck is already at the house. They’re loading the boxes, right now as we speak. The whole place is chaos and there’s still stuff left to pack.”
John’s hands tangles in Sherlock’s hair, pulls him closer. Chest brushes against chest, Sherlock runs a hand over John’s shirt; solid muscle under soft fabric.
He let his hands continue upwards, slowly, teasingly getting closer to where he knew Sherlock wanted to be touched.
In an odd way, the times he’d spent with his sister in their tiny kitchen, chopping onions and boiling spaghetti, now made up some of his happiest childhood memories.
”And you know, this restaurant is supposed to be amazing. If it hadn’t been for Charlotte, I don’t think we’d ever managed to get a reservation.”
A sense of panic, completely irrational but nevertheless, tore through him as memories of the night of Sherlock’s overdose came to mind. Just as he had decided to try to call him, he heard the front door open downstairs, and he realized that he could still, after all this time of not living at Baker Street, with a hundred percent accuracy recognize Sherlock’s steps in the stairs.
And it’s not until then John catches himself; realises that in his mind, he’s already moved back in.
Gabe withdrew his hand from John’s back, and instead grabbed ahold of Sherlock’s arms, shaking him gently. John could tell Sherlock was just as hazed as he was, but Gabriel was too drunk to notice.
”You, Sherlock. Seriously, how can you be so daft? Can’t you see what’s going on here? It’s just a game to him. Oh come on, John.”
Sherlock frowned. ”No. That’s your job. Or, I should say. Was.” He looked down at the notebook, John looked away as well. Thankfully Sherlock broke the tense silence that followed.
”You do realize we’re both middle aged?” Sherlock smiled when he withdrew for a moment to look at John. ”Can’t keep up like teenag- mmf…”
John watched as Sherlock made his way through the plastic cups, plates, napkins, cigarette butts and empty beer bottles that were scattered all around the lawn and the tables that they’d placed there.
So, instead, he just let his fingers make small circles around that soft little spot, before continuing to slide his hands further down. He indulged in the pleasure of watching Sherlock’s expression shift as he got closer to his cock. Sherlock’s breath hitched as John took it in his right hand, wrapped his fingers around it.
Sherlock’s body was still completely frozen, but his mind was racing to the extent that he briefly wondered if this was what it would feel like to go insane. He tried to form a coherent train of thought, but all he got was fragmentized.
”Look. My marriage was a big mistake. Perhaps the biggest mistake I’ve ever made. It would not have lasted, regardless, and truth be told, I wake up every day feeling grateful that it’s over. But of course, realizing how, er, how I felt for you, well that was certainly a push in the right direction.”
They haven’t talked about what has just happened, but then again, neither of them is the talking type and the review can wait.
John slips his hands inside Sherlock’s T-shirt, strokes over his back, his chest, and Sherlock feels his mouth go slack. God, John’s hands on his skin-
He noticed the ashtray on the sofa table, brimming. Slowly, it began to dawn on John just how gruesome this evening must have been for Sherlock. How he had waited for John to show up, and at some point probably decided he wasn't going to. Thought John had let him down.
As John’s hand was finding it’s way back to Sherlock’s stomach, it accidentally bumped into Sherlock’s prominent erection underneath.
John forged ahead. He was feeling out of his depth but had been greatly encouraged by the brief moments of connection they’d had during the evening. He was determined to try to sort this thing out.
”Hi, I’m John, the straightest bloke in the history of mankind! Doctor John ’I’M NOT GAY’ Watson! My God John, you should have that tattooed onto your forehead really, would save you the trouble of saying it. Then again, now that you have Mary, I guess you don’t need it.”
Sherlock steels himself. Schools his face into what he hopes looks like a non-crazy smile. ”Might as well start now. It’s going to be a long day.”
He sees the entire Holmes family exchanging quick glances between each other, questions unspoken. Sherlock is still looking down. Something has to be done, and John is a soldier, after all. One deep breath. Steady.
”Sherlock,” John said again, and just hearing his name in John’s kind, soft voice made him feel better. ”I can’t deduce things like you can, so it would be helpful if you told me what it is that you’re concerned about? Because you see, from my perspective, everything is absolutely perfect. This was- I can’t even put it into words. I think - no, I know - that I’ve never felt like this before.” He smiled a little.
”Sherlock,” he began, and felt another rush of intensive affection as he met Sherlock’s ever changing eyes. ”I’ve missed this so much I can’t even express it. Laughing with you. Being together with you. I’ve missed you. So very much.” He spoke softly, and then dared to put his palm on Sherlock’s jacked clad arm.
How has Sherlock fared, all these years when John hasn’t been at his side? Surely doing more than fine with the work itself, John has no trouble admitting that much to himself, but- what about this?
The pulse point just below his ear, a spot that Sherlock loved to put his lips against, feel the soft skin, inhale the familiar scent. Many times, he would look at Gabriel and see two simultaneous images: the grown man in front of him and the eighteen-year old boy he had once been.
There might have been a point in time when Sherlock would have happily accepted just about anything at all to have John back in his life again. A time when the idea of having John back both as a friend and as a- as some sort of- friend
He briefly glances up, sees warmth in John’s eyes. Reassured, Sherlock looks away again, down into his glass.
From that far away place, he heard John gasp, then felt him running his fingertips through the semen that had collected in scattered pools on their naked bodies, felt him placing frantic breathless kisses over his face and on his lips.
She peered inquisitively at him from across the table and over the lit candles. John silently panicked, tried to not look away or act guilty, all while his mind, in a most unhelpful way, kept providing him with various pornographic images from last night’s events. He made a point of finishing to chew his last bite of the roast.
In this short amount of time, they had squeezed in a rather remarkable number of encounters, and John was surprised to notice he was already beginning to feel much more comfortable, and much less self conscious, about the whole man on man thing. In fact, this time, he hardly even thought about it. Not when there were so many other, and much more fun, things to think about.
The protein kept folding and turning, but Sherlock wasn’t looking at the screen. His eyes were fixed on Gabriel, sleeping next to him. Two minutes into his second episode of REM sleep now, eyes flicking behind closed eyelids. Long dark eyelashes fluttering. Fingers twitching, then stilling; shallow breathing.
John was starting to regret this, but at the same time, he was very curious to hear what else Sherlock might have figured out.
, of course that movie should be right up your alley, serial killer and all. Just bloody brilliant!”
”It appeals to John’s perfectionistic personality,” Sherlock says from the kitchen table where he’s seated, feet up on the chair next to him, scrolling through something on his phone. ”He’s tidied up the entire kitchen at Baker Street. Don’t mind him, and perhaps he’ll do the same thing here.”
“Sometimes, particularly in between girlfriends, you use toys. You keep them hidden – or so you think – in your underwear drawer.”
But except for Mary’s randomness, life had settled into a predictable, mind numbing lull. He didn't have any objections to the mind numbing part, though, because it was hard enough anyway to keep the despair at bay sometimes.
He had to do it, though. Might as well get it all cleaned out in one swipe, and then be done with it.
He didn’t even know how to define it. They were still just them, right? Sherlock and John, only this time, the way it always should have been. He wondered if Sherlock felt the same.
”As part of our discharge routines, we always offer a meeting with our psychologist, Dr. Riyat. This is of course completely voluntarily, but I would strongly recommend you to consider it.”
Sherlock twists his torso, manages to stretch his arm just far enough to open the bedside table drawer. Turns back to drop lube and an unopened ten-pack of condoms on the bed. This conjures a few fleeting mental images about Sherlock and his sexual history - the one John up until a few days ago didn’t think existed - but he’s too turned on right now to let himself get distracted by that.
have the time of your life. But you have to grow up at some point. Hell, we’re almost forty! You can’t keep doing this forever; running around the world, solving crimes, chasing criminals. It’s time to start thinking about your future!”
Sees tears streaming down her flushed face, feels his heart break a little. This is hard for her. Hard for him, as well. Feels his frustration change, soften around the edges.
”Like in the porn flicks,” he gasped, then wondering why he’d said that, realizing that perhaps Sherlock, being Sherlock, had never watched porn. He needn’t have worried.
“I love Sherlock. Okay? I love him. And I hear what you're saying, and I understand your concern for your brother, but you just can't ask me to step aside! I have made a lot of mistakes, but I intend to fix them or die trying.”
There are so many people, the entire house is packed and Sherlock absolutely hates it. It’s too loud - the chatter, the horrendous Christmas music in the background, the idiotic laughter; it’s all just too much,
It didn’t seem like he expected an answer, so John just hummed a bit, feeling dizzy. Then he couldn’t hold back a low moan, as Sherlock started to stroke him and simultaneously leaned over John’s leg to let his open mouth skim John’s balls in the lightest of touch, then surprising John by nipping at the delicate skin there with his lips.
He tried to take some comfort in the fact that Mycroft had him, and that at least, he was not out on the streets, alone in an alley somewhere.
As he’d done so many times before, he opened John’s blog, read and read again the words that he already knew by heart. Reading what John had written about him, that very first time, made it come alive again. It made him remember exactly how it had felt, when John had looked at him, blue eyes radiating admiration, acceptance, warmth. Love.
But he'd been wrong about things like this, before. This was the only area where his skills would falter.
Sherlock’s entire body is screaming for him to just get away from there. Can’t, though. Needs to hear more; stands there as if he’d been frozen in place.
John had been wanting to text or possibly call Sherlock since the moment he woke up that morning, but the rational part of his brain had convinced him to wait. He knew Sherlock would be experiencing withdrawal symptoms, and he wanted to maximize the chances of a favourable outcome. There was enough uncertainty as it was.
”Yeah,” John says. ”Yeah I know. I just- you know. I just let it all.. slide.” He averts his eyes, looks down into the table. ”I know I should’ve. I meant to, so many times, but-”
The ambulance arrived within something that may have been only a few minutes; John wasn’t sure because for him, time seemed to have stopped. He gave the paramedics a brief report of what he had gathered, and then assisted as they moved the woman to the stretcher.
John finds himself smiling like a fool, as he stands there in the cold London winter night. He hopes his battery won’t suddenly quit on him.
John felt a strong desire to make this really good for Sherlock. He looked up, caught Sherlock's gaze. It was at once hazy and intense, and all of a sudden, John knew what he wanted to do.
”Sherlock, please,” he said, scrambling for the right things to say. ”Things may be different, but I promise you, it’s not the end of the world. In fact, I’m very happy I have my daughter, and I think, with a little bit of time, you might come to like her, too.”
Sherlock threw an arm out, grabbed ahold of John, hugged him hard. He tucked his face into John’s neck instead of the pillow. It felt good. John was stroking him over his hair. The touch seemed to help, and little by little, it got easier to breathe again.
It was half past ten and John had not shown up. Had not even had the guts to send him a simple text to tell him he wasn't going to, either.
The Commander is also noticeably jittery after the shot has been fired. ”We need to prepare to go in,” John hears him say to the officers standing next to him.
’ and now, when the tension was increasing between them, he had begun to curse more. Sherlock didn’t mind, was in fact more turned on by it, even though he usually preferred proper language.
Sherlock quickened his steps, forcing Gabe to do the same to keep an even pace. They were walking though Regent’s Park, it was a Saturday afternoon in July. The heat was oppressive, and they were both sweating. Sherlock intensely wished he’d insisted on taking this walk alone.
John picks up the tumbler but doesn’t drink from it, just holds it, slowly swirling the content. ”You know, that thing you mentioned, before-”
John wandered around aimlessly for over an hour, just looking at the people out, taking in the sounds and sights and the energy that only a big city could offer, already feeling much better. Man, how he loved London. And then he realized where his feet had been leading him.
Waves of guilt came crushing down, made it difficult to breathe. He should have pushed Mary harder for her phone, he thought. Or he could have taken his laptop and sent Sherlock an email, if he'd only had the presence of mind to think of it. And how could he have been so stupid to think the talk with Mary would be so quickly over with, made promises he couldn't keep.
And all the while when Harry was busy spiralling more and more out of control, he - the well-adjusted, normal, golden boy- had sailed into Med School on a full scholarship and with a string of pretty girlfriends in his wake.
”What happened was fine; a good time was had by all, I believe, and that’s all there’s to it. Let’s not make a mountain out of a molehill here.”
”John, I feel odd just saying this, because it’s so out of character for him, but… I think Sherlock’s in love.”
It was still hard to grasp, the fact that he was actually a dad, the father of this little human being. She was so utterly dependent upon them; well mostly on Mary of course, but having grown up with a good for nothing father, John knew first hand that dads matter, too.
Things were going spectacularly bad. Sherlock had envisioned keeping up his attitude of distant nonchalance from their conversation on the phone, objectively gathering more information about what was going on with John. But for the last two hours, he had been failing miserably.
John brings up a hand to swipe away a stray lock of hair from Sherlock’s forehead, strokes his ear, his neck. ”Yeah I know,” he says. ”But you won’t. It’s just the way it feels at first, I promise.”
A moment later, Caroline starts to laugh, too. They’re in there, laughing together at his inadequacies and social shortcomings, and Sherlock closes his eyes in a vain attempt to protect himself from the sharp pain inside.
He didn’t want to ask, he didn’t want to know. But he realized he needed to, and understood that knowing them both, this might very well be the only time they would ever talk about it. This was an important clue in understanding Sherlock. He had to ask.
Sherlock's getting to the most difficult part in all this, his throat is beginning to feel more and more restricted, It’s like every single word he wants to say is actively fighting him back.
Sherlock’s head was spinning, his heart beat like crazy. Had he wanted this, for years and years. Wanted it more than anything else. Dreamt about it, fantasised about it, longed for it.
Sherlock had begun to move his hips very slightly, John reckoned it was probably completely instinctual. He felt himself smiling. The alcohol acted as a filter, keeping away most of the thoughts John figured he would probably have about all this happening if he'd been sober. He wasn't, though, and it was easy to just relax into the moment.
“Sherlock-” he panted, wishing so much for Sherlock to help him out, to put a hand on his aching cock. But maybe that was too much to hope for, at this point, with a partner as inexperienced as Sherlock.
Sherlock was not paying much attention to the stream of words coming from the man beside him; it was something about Edward Walker getting fired from his job at an investment bank and having served time in jail for embezzlement. Instead, he was busying himself with the task of meticulously going through, once again, the sequence of events with John at the bar.
Suddenly feeling much more sober, John tip-toed the remaining steps and leaned forward to peak through the crack in the door. And then his body froze in place, his mind simultaneously blanked for a moment.
Sherlock bends down to kiss him again, finds his eyes constantly drawn towards John’s now open trousers, to the dark blue pants visible in the gap at the top.
”But,” said John carefully. ”I don’t know anything about dogs, you know, but isn’t this, like a hunting dog? Isn’t it kind of unsuited to be kept as a companion dog in the city? It’s a Foxhound, isn’t it?”
Sherlock was mimicking John's motions now, brushing over John’s thigh with his hand, getting dangerously close to his dick on the upstrokes.
However, he couldn't really call him, since that would surely set Mary off on a new rant. But, he figured, he could at least send a quick text.
“But you want to have sex,” Sherlock said in a matter-of-factly tone, causing John to suddenly feel much more awake. He opened his eyes, looked straight at Sherlock. They had never before even come close to this subject.
John let go of Sherlock and turned to face Gabriel. John’s voice was low and threatening, vibrating with rage.
John laughs as he hangs his jacket on a hanger (neat, orderly), and Sherlock gets all warm inside. To hear John’s laugh again, it’s.. it’s..
”Fuck, Sherlock, fuck!” John said, loudly, his mouth open and touching Sherlock’s mouth, and then John shifted in the bed and he had to focus not to lose his grip around their cocks.
Sherlock was lying on his back, and John was on his side next to him, with one leg nestled in between Sherlock’s. He was cupping Sherlock’s jaw with his hand, holding his head in place while they were kissing. They’d been doing that for a long time now, John seemed to plan to keep at it indefinitely. Not that Sherlock in any way minded.
Spotting John approaching, trying to appear neutral, the jolt he had felt when John squeezed in to stand next to him and their arms had touched. Allowing himself to relax, to talk, to tell John about the things they had never come close to discussing, before. Laughing side by side, the way they used to do. Seeing admiration and affection in John’s eyes.
”I know neither of us is an expert at the talking thing, but we really should try. Try to talk more like this. I don’t want stupid misunderstandings to keep coming in our way.”
. That was what Sherlock had called him, too, but without the vicious edge that Mary’s voice had carried.
However. He had not forgotten what it had led to, the last time he pushed ahead with his own needs. He’d made a promise, back then, to not be the cause of any more distress for Sherlock.
Researchers or physicians. No wait; both. All were dressed in black suits, the woman had a knee long skirt but was otherwise dressed about the same as the men. They were closely following the interaction, displaying signs of amusement, hidden under a controlled facade.
