I sat stunned. How was I supposes to respond to that? But I had an order and by this point I had fallen in love with the man.
We decided that it would be best to train him as a valet and body servant as well as a butler. That way he might have access to the information he was seeking.
I needed no verbal orders but quickly knelt between his legs and worshiped his body with my hands, lips and tongue. I took the head of his now full erect member into my mouth and started licking and sucking it. He threw his head back with a lustful groan.
Toby awoke to find John sitting in front of his cage. The light was on behind John so Toby could not see his face.
Mary and I proceeded to lash him to the middle bed so he had very little wiggle room. I motioned to Mary to get on his left side while I put myself on his right. Mary nodded and complied.
“Another fucking word Anderson and I will promise you I will castrate you without anesthetic,” roared the omega, “And that goes for the rest of you lot. Now were the fuck is HE!”
I motioned that he should come into my arms. I held his trembling body against my own and stroked his back trying to comfort him.
He kissed me on both cheeks and sent me on my way. I spent most of the rest of the night with his slave giving him the finer points of oral sex for both sexes since he also serviced the Chief’s wives.
“Go to the bathroom, “ he commanded, “And prepare yourself for me then I want you to go to our bedroom and join me there.”
I nodded and she went to get the leather gag that had my teeth imprints on it from its use. I removed my hand and she quickly put the gag in place.
Delek came sweeping in accompanied by a couple of monks carrying baskets. The room was getting rather crowded and I was feeling dizzy.
“Sherlock, all you have to do is ask for my help and it is given. I am not throwing you in the deep end of the pool and telling you to sink or swim. I think you can win this.”
Sherlock disguised himself as one of the coachmen that came with us and went to the stable to start our mission.
“What happened?” Delek finished my sentence for me. I tried to nod but it made the dizzy feeling worse.
“Ah John, you haven’t been keeping up with your medical journals, there has been some new work in the field.”
Sorry RL had a way of seriously biting me on the bum so this had to go by the wayside while some things got worked out.
“I ask a boon first friend John.” He pulled the slave off his cock by his collar and pushed him aside. The slave went to his hands and knees with his mouth open waiting for his next order.
The orgy the last night anyone had seen the Count and his wife alive had taken a twist in which all the men were dressed as women and the women like men. The women were given dildos and harnesses and were encouraged to bugger the men, which they did quite enthusiastically. The evening ran late and the next day people staggered out of the villa back to their own lodgings.
“If you consider the trouble I have put you in, I would doubt your sanity but I know you mean what you say,” he said pulling his knees up under his chin and wrapping his long arms around his legs.
He had me stand up and grip the footboard as he retied my ankles to the bed’s legs this time with a little slack so I could stand.
“I have nothing left to lose my dear,” I said, “You have effectively killed both of my masters. Without them I am nothing. I live to serve and if your death is how I leave service then so be it.”
It didn’t make any sense to me. I could swear that I saw Sherlock but maybe it was what I wanted to see.
“Sherlock is there something you forgot about today?” he asked the man lounging in the chair in front of his desk.
By the time we arrived at the station, we had a decent idea who everyone was and where they were from. I had used my cover as my story and my fellow slaves accepted me as one of their own.
He looked at me and seemed to be weighing what he was going to say next in response but he smiled instead.
“Anyone who might feel slighted by something Mycroft did recently? Lose money or property or status?” I asked.
“Good old Watson, all down to business. I suggest we come up with a reason for the two of us to vacate London for a while and go to the continent so we can begin.”
Delek spoke to Yama in the same language that all the monks spoke.  They looked at me with great pity and went back to their conversation.
He stood behind the curtain putting his courage to the sticking place. He sighed and stretched again waiting his cue. He hated this part. The waiting. Once he started he could focus but right now he was at loose ends. Why was it taking so long and where was…the voice in his ear spoke to him.
He tried to explain why it was important in hopes of mitigating his punishment which he knew he deserved because he had broken the rules he had with his Master. And his Master was not the forgiving type.
He started undulating his ass on the dildo and slowly thrusting it in and out. He could see the crowd take an intake of breath together as they watched the show in front of him. He made metal notes of all the people in the room knowing that his master would want the information.
Moriarty patted me like one would a horse or a dog, “You are a good slave Johan. I believe what you are telling me.”
I was met at the dock by one of Mycroft’s slaves who took my luggage to Baker Street while I was taken to the Diogenes Club and Mycroft. I was lead to the stranger’s lounge one of the few places were conversation could be held within the club.
The next day we found ourselves in front of our father’s desk which is not a position that anyone wants to be in especially if you have been naughty.
I picked the lock on the door and carefully opened it. We pulled the bodies into the room and Zaram took position at the door.
“No, he is my responsibility,” came the reply. I leaned into my Master’s chest listening to the rumble of his voice.
But there were times, while I was trapped in this nightmare, that I heard other voices speaking in strange languages. I could feel cold water being put to my lips and the encouragement to drink. I did what I could for the voices but it was very hard. I tried to tell them that I could hear them. I tried to get up only to be restrained.
“I would prefer to be the one administering the help rather than being seen to. Had you seen that facet before?”
“Pets,” said Seb, “Train them as pets. People are less picky about how they look if they are mute holes to be filled. They would do well in that regard.”
I found myself sitting outside the baths with Zaram playing a game of dice that we both loved. I was losing to his skills for a while before my luck changed and I found myself owning a set of camels and two breeding horses.
“John, you and Mary have given my family a great gift. The possibility to carry on our lineage and not have it fall by the wayside to a scion branch of the household. We owe you both a great debt.”
“I thought I would give my brother a chance to use his skills before I removed any evidence,” said Mycroft in a condescending tone.
I learned a couple of new swear words from the litany that came pouring from his lips. He excoriated my parents, Mary, my previous Master, my looks, my abilities as a torture, which he did take back in the end, and anything else he thought he might get to me with.
I did as I had been ordered and found myself kneeling in front of Holmes with his cock down my throat choking me in that way that only seemed to make my member harder with each thrust.
All this time tight around his waist was a corset, which pushed his chest up giving him the slight illusion of breasts. It was so tight I was surprised he hadn’t passed out for lack of breath.
“I can teach you, “I said as I pulled out a small book of handwritten recipes, “I make my Master’s meals when we are traveling.”
John pinched his nose to collect his thoughts. He said very carefully trying not to let the frustration he was feeling into his voice, “We have talked about this. I am a Doctor who has a job that I like and brings in income so I can pay my share of the flat and the rest of the bills.”
I knew they thought he was talking about Mycroft Holmes not knowing that William was talking of another Holmes entirely.
No one seemed to be looking at us. They seemed much more interested in making deals quickly and getting their purchases. There was a lot of rapid talk and shouting as there is in any market place.
“Oh no my pretty. You are prepared to take it up your bum and that’s what you are going to do after you suck my cock.”
I took Holmes through my favorite gardens so he could see them for the first time. We sat for a bit and contemplated the forms of the rock garden that was very impressive. He seemed to enjoy feeling the sun on his skin with the light breeze that spoke of winter to come.
Sherlock attached a leash to the collar he has around Greg’s neck. Then he reached down and slapped Greg’s balls hard which dropped Greg to his hands and knees.
“You look like you are carrying your bad news,” she said offering me a plate with some meat and bread.
She shook her head no, “I didn’t want to until I was sure. I was going to wait another month to tell him then.”
He helped John out of the tub and dried him off. John again found his hands slapped if he tried to help.
They took another hypodermic and inserted it in my vein. I could feel the pain leaving my body and a feeling of euphoria. I smiled and thank them for their kindness.
He almost smiles but can’t because his lips are surrounding the dildo as he start fellating it with the beat of the music.
We snuck upstairs and looked out the front windows. I found myself staring across the street at our rooms in Baker Street and there was an image of Sherlock behind the drawn shades.
I almost sobbed at the sight of his back which had both new and old wounds inflicted upon him. There were signs of infection that concerned me greatly. I could have found him only to lose him
I did as ordered and he then buggered me very well hitting that sensitive spot inside my body making my whole being sing with pleasure.
We snuck down the stone hallway to find a couple of doors that led to other storage rooms. Finally we found a door that seemed to be different.
He smiled and removed the towel. Draping it over the chair so he would not stain the cushion. He turned and placed his hands on the arms of the chair leaving his ass pointed towards the door. He could feel his mind clouding as he smelled the strong scent of both Sherlock and Greg.
I went to my surgery and saw patients then did a few house calls. I had lunch at my club and then walked over to the Turkish baths that Holmes and I patronized regularly.
Sherlock ran his hands gently over his amazing Omega and breathed in the amazing smells radiating off of him. Couldn’t have gone better he thought before dropping off to sleep himself.
He had been handed over to the Tiger who was given instructions of what to do with him. He had only managed to hear a word or two but those words made him shiver.
“Your brother sent you a few items that he thought you might be able to use. We put the trunks in your rooms.”
“At this point I knew you were in much danger as Moran blamed us for his Masters demise. Delek and Yama felt that I had recovered for the most part and they had taught me techniques to help me if I have another incident. They sent me on my way with their blessings.”
The name he picked was Johan Sigerson. He created a background of being from Rotterdam. He knew enough people there and Mycroft was able to create a life for him. Holmes spoke Dutch as well as German, French, Russian, and Italian with a passing knowledge of Chinese and Arabic. He was able to affect an accent of someone who was born in Rotterdam but spent a majority of his life in England.
OK here it is. The end of the story. Sorry about the break there but I have been dealing with some family health issues and the holidays in general.
I came in to find Mrs. Hudson waiting for me. She took my coat and hat and said, “Supper will be a bit late. But I believe you have some things to attend to before it.”
I had a name to start my search for Sherlock. Mycroft started working his magic with his spy network. Finally we had a rumor that might be more than just a whisper on the wind. They had been spotted in Russia.
“All of them. Oh don’t worry I am not going to leave you naked in my cellar. I do not need you getting sick on me.”
We were in France finishing up a case for the government when we got a telegram from Mycroft that we had to return to England immediately.
I found myself dozing slightly when I heard the tread of my master’s footsteps on the stairs to my room.
Sherlock slowly started to rub his release into John’s skin. He paid special attention to John’s nipples, balls, cock, and asshole. John groaned even through he didn’t want to. His cock grew hard under Sherlock’s ministrations.
He opened the drive to find four files on it, three video files and one word file.  The videos were labeled “Watch First”,  “Watch Second”, “Watch Third” and the word file was labeled “then read”.
He dropped to his knees and pulled my cock out of my pants. He proceeded to lick and suck me to hardness then got up on his knees and swallowed me down using his tongue and mouth to add pressure to my cock. I yanked back from him. And he dropped to the ground and said with such fear in his voice, “Please Sir! Please! What did I do wrong? Please correct my bad behavior.”
“Oh John, my poor John. I hadn’t thought….I….I am sorry. I did not mean to cause you this sort of pain. We’ll find someone else to do this.”
But it wasn’t to my mind. I longed for the time when I wouldn’t know if I could sit properly the next day. Of Holmes taking me in hand and giving me what I needed even if I didn’t know that I did.
“Don’t even try any of your tricks,” He growled, “Were you taking a piss? You know the rules and that stunt is going to cost you dearly.”
His eyes snapped open as he heard a thump as Sherlock’s knees hit the ground and John found his cock in the warm wet of Sherlock’s mouth. It felt so good.
We walked out of the cave to find Moran and Moriarty on horseback with several of Moriarty’s slaves holding guns on us. The hounds snapped and snarled at us with foam at their jaws.
“Yes Sir,” said Albert who had served Mycroft since both were boys. Sherlock once told me that he could not remember a time that Albert was not Mycroft’s shadow.
“I suggest you don’t move your head to much right now. Blink once for yes and two for no. Do you understand?”
But they were not done with me. The audience was then invited to try what they had learned on me and some other slaves that were brought in and drugged.
He put his hands to his head where the burns were still faintly evident. I could see he was shaking.
It took all my will not to kill Moriarty then and there but I knew it was futile. Neither of us would make it to the door.
“Destroy them and forget that these papers exist. Make sure everyone who touched these papers understand the consequences for even remembering that these passed through our hands.”
“So Mycroft,” said John walking into his field of vision since Mycroft could not turn his head because it was strapped so he had to look forward, “Anything you care to tell me?”
He whispered, “I know it is you. I know that you are not a hallucination or not real. No matter what they try to do to me, I can hang onto you.”
“Thank you Master. Thank you,” Moran looked like he had been given the most wonderful present in the world.
“Mostly the property and mine owners in the north of England. It closed loopholes allowing fair wages for the workers who were under a system that was basically serfdom. But it allowed for the owners to sell to new markets that would only be open to them if they abided by the new law. It also cut off some markets that they were selling to illegally since there is now a legal means of trade in place,” said Lorna.
He drops to his hands and knees and crawls sensually towards to lip of the stage using his long limbs to his advantage. He can feel all eyes on him and he can smell the lust in the room getting thicker. He crosses his arms in front of him on the stage and places his chin on his forearm while thrusting his ass in the air.
“Very responsive. I can see why Sherlock screams your name. Too bad he isn’t doing much screaming these days.”
He opened his eyes and look at me on the cot sitting with my back against the wall in the straightjacket. I had Holmes dresses in his nightshirt and robe that Mycroft sent. I was wearing my khet partug that was given to me by the Chief. It allowed for my bandages to not be rubbed against by tighter clothing. The straightjacket had been set up so I could get out of it if I needed to.
“I suggest you stay every still and very quiet right now Dr. Watson,” came the growl from behind him. He felt the knife push ever so slightly in causing a drop of blood to trickle down his neck.
We had a nice dinner with our Uncle. I sat back and enjoyed the banter between both my father and my uncle and that between my uncle and my brother.
With only a few smacks of my hand on his body, I got him in the position I wanted. Head down and ass up.
Mycroft shuttered but found himself aroused much to his shame. He remembered each mark and how it was created. He had pleasured himself to the sounds of Moriarty’s suffering.
The next day I was cleaned up. My beard and hair was professional trimmed. I was dressed in a full suit. My collar was removed for the first time in a very long time. I was taken up to a study and made to sit in a chair. I felt very odd since I had not been seated clothed since we parted ways.
Sherlock made his way quickly back to Baker Street. He made a few text to various people who needed to be in the loop and some that he needed to help him find John.
John tried to shift without disturbing the sleeping Sherlock. His back hurt probably from sleeping in one position with a flat-mate practically on top of him. But it was really getting bothersome. His skin seemed over sensitive and he was so warm. Again he was blaming Sherlock. The sheets beneath him were damp but considering the amount of sweat and ejaculation that had happened even in the past day, it was not too surprising. The left side of his neck hurt probably where Sherlock had been sucking on him.
Sherlock pulled out a key and inserted it to unlock an elevator button. He hit the button and they slowly descended.
“Hit a nerve did I? Oh I think you would be most surprised how well Sherlock took to his training once we convinced him to do so. Something about threatening those he holds dear I think was a big help.”
Mycroft hit a button under the desk next to him and a young woman appeared through a door I had not seen due to it being cleverly disguised as a bookcase.
The cursor blinked over the third video file. He hesitated. Finally he found the courage to watch the next video.
Mycroft’s eyes lit up with hope that Sherlock quickly quashed, “However I do believe that your minions or people in the government have accidently caused this. And it is not due to his activities but because these men believe I can solve their problem and this was my incentive to do so.”
Sherlock picked John up again and carried him to the bedroom dumping his still slightly damp body on their bed.
I was carried by Holmes and placed on the warm stone table. I heard the voices whispering in my ears words of comfort. I could feel Delek’s hands hovering just over my body.
“Magnets,” said Sherlock, “now lift up so I can get a towel under you. Believe me it will be more comfortable.”
“You and I are both the masters of giving pain. In some ways we are very much alike. But we are on different sides of the law according to you. So no, I will not ‘teach’ you what I do or my methods. The biggest difference is that people come to me willingly to inflict all kinds of lovely marks both visible and invisible on their bodies and minds. You have to kidnap yours. So who is more the villain?”
“Yes John but it will give you the perfect excuse to move back to Baker Street and wait for him. And we both knew that this day was going to come at some point.”
The two men looked at each other uncomfortably and then back at Holmes, “We honestly don't know. All of the servants have been questions and none have shown any sign of lying. Their fellow students have no inkling of where they are. The only clue we have is a note that was delivered to the boys,” said the Head Master
We found their Marketplace paperwork in a secret safe that we found by accident. Along with that was a ledger with initials and dates and amounts. Apparently they had been selling their slaves to other people who were not vetted by the Marketplace and the orgies were a way for them to get the slaves off with their new owners. Lord knows what they told those poor people. We also discovered how much in debt the household was. JM kept coming up in the ledger as someone who bought a lot from them and lent them large amounts of money. They were indebt to him for an absurd amount of money.
Sherlock unclipped the leash and Greg bounded onto the bed licking the slick from John’s legs and ass. John squealed in delight. Greg turned to Sherlock his face covered in John’s slick. Sherlock took Greg’s head into his hands and proceeded to bath Greg’s face with his tongue before French kissing him. Greg purred from the attention.
I heard a whimper come from that corner of the room. I stood up carefully and waved off Yama. I crossed to Holmes who seemed to be having a bad dream. I sat down next to him and pulled him into my lap. His long arms went around my waist and his head mashed up against my stomach. I stroked him gently and crooned a silly song that I had used to calm him before. I could feel him fall further into a deep sleep.
John put back on the paws and straps and a new leather dog mask with an opening that fit the ring gag in Toby’s mouth before releasing Toby from the stand.
“I am so proud of you Sherlock. You are handling him well but be careful because he is still drugged. Once those wear off, he could be a handful.”
Moriarty was in Northern India in Rampur awaiting Moran’s return with the drugs and some new slaves that he had brokered.
Sherlock finished the fruit and toast John had put out for him and went into the bedroom to get his kit.
John took his pleasure of Greg as he worked himself up and down. Greg could feel his knot forming for the first time in a long time ever since his wife had run off with another Alpha and informed him of his short comings. He was amazed. John was Sherlock’s. They were bonded. This shouldn’t be happening. But it was and it felt fantastic.
Then one day I was informed that I was no longer going to be given any drugs. I had to get clean for my new owner.
“Toby, I really need you to behave for John today,” said Sherlock, “I promise you that disobedience might get you killed.”
We took to the road and worked our way to a rather large village. We observed the citizens for a while figuring out who was who.
He positioned himself as I requested. I used my right hand to steady him and ran my left hand over his ass.
Mary was most helpful in this. She had him grow his hair out a bit and stop putting anything in it. She also got a hold of some henna and put that in his hair bringing a red tinge to it. Which, surprisingly, matched the beard she had him grown. I showed him how to maintain it and trim it. Between that and forcing him to eat regularly, he didn’t look like himself any more.
“I was coming to get Doctor Watson to examine a body that was found apparently shot to death in the house across the street from yours.”
I hope you enjoyed it. I promise to get back to these two characters so check back. Right now I have another tale I want to tell but in another universe.
He started his list as to what he was going to do to anyone involved in this as he felt himself passing out.
“I do Holmes and that is what worried me. I know you. I know you better than you know yourself at time.”
“Stop,” she said after he had turned around with his fingers laced behind his head with his elbows out.
The second attempt he blooded Pason. I broke his fingers on his left hand and threatened his trigger finger if he tried anything else.
“Don’t worry,” said Camera, “It won’t show up on any drug screening so you can keep your license intact.”
I sighed. I picked up the blacking brush from the floor and returned to the short stool I had been sitting on. I adjusted the tools I need for the task at hand around me, picked up the shoe that I had rescued from Holmes’ wrath, closed my eyes, and proceeded to clean, blacken, and polish the shoe without opening my eyes once.
There was one question that he had not answered nor had we asked. I looked at William and he gave me a slight nod. I asked the question that we both had, “You were Uncle Sherlock’s body slave?”
“Nice view Seb,” said John taking a pull from his glass of Scotch, “I must say you did a lovely job here.”
“I was about to send him into the common rooms to gather the coats that need to be packed along with anything else we have there.”
He paused and took a deep breath then let it out slowly, “Even after all this? Even after you having to travel the globe to find me? You still wish for my touch?”
John grabbed the ring hanging from Sherlock’s collar and pulled the man to him. He kissed Sherlock who opening his mouth waiting for his Master’s tongue to do what it will. John could feel Sherlock relax a bit so he bit Sherlock’s lip hard. Sherlock moaned.
Seb pulled on the chain hard causing Jim to stop talking and just try to get enough oxygen to breath.
Sherlock comforted his brother and helped him to an overstuffed chair. He motioned to me and I went to the sideboard and poured Mycroft a stiff drink. I brought it over and knelt by the chair offering the glass to Mycroft. He took it formally and looked at me.
I said nothing but he could see the love in my eyes for him. He smiled and ruffed my hair like I was his favorite pet, “Now see to the luggage except the two carpet bags that I packed which I want you to put unopened in our room. After that I want you to prepare lunch for us both.”
He motioned to his crotch and she scuttled over and proceeded to perform oral service on him while I, stunned into nothingness, watched.
We came across a village where I had passed through with the chief so I was known to them. I wrote a message to Mycroft that they promised to send south the next time anyone was heading that direction. They didn’t even blink that I had two people tied up with me. I kept Moriarty gagged the entire time and added a head scarf to obscure her face. I did the same with Sherlock.
Giving up all pretense for stealth, we ran for the woods and kept running trying to put as much distance between ourselves and the manor we had found ourselves in.
“You deserve better John. Better than a broken man with voices in his head. Better than not knowing who you are going to deal with on a daily basis. I am not the man you need to serve.”
He crawled and picked up a towel we had left on the floor from the bathhouse and returned. He used the towel and carefully wiped me down.
They walked over to me and placed a hand on my shoulder and whispered in my ear at the same time, “And you my pet. You will be my personal project Mr. Holmes.”
“Apparently we need to stay dead a while longer Watson. Mycroft along with his compatriots have managed to dismantle most of Moriarty’s network but there are still a few pieces to pick up before it is all done. We will have to depend on your hospitality until the spring thaw.”
I weighed my options and decided that getting the Chief to climax was not the worse things he could have had me do for the information.
I did as I had been ordered. I went through the door and found myself in a room with all kinds of benches and apparatus some of which I recognized and others that were foreign to me.
He raised his hand to his head and said,” Well there must be a tale in here to tell indeed. Where are we?”
I have written the history of Sherlock Holmes and James Moriarty and it has been published in the Strand Magazine. I wrote about their meeting and subsequent confrontation at the Reichenbach Falls and Holmes’ return three years later.
After I returned the plates to the kitchen, I came back to the room to find Holmes with his legs up in the chair and his arms wrapped around them with a pipe in his teeth smoking and thinking.
I didn’t have much to go on except that I had seen the people who bought Sherlock with my own eyes, a name that was said ‘Seb’ and the initials J. M. that were on the collar that was put around Sherlock’s neck before he left.
“But Holmes, your brother, on the information we gave him, has rounded up the blaggards who threatened the Marketplace both in England and abroad. Moriarty is dead in whatever form they care to take. Moran too. Those who injured you so very badly are dead and gone. There is nothing to keep you from returning to our home.”
She came back over to me and grabbed my nipples hard. She pinched and pulled at them bring them to hard points. She stepped back and admired her handy work.
“To answer the questions you have all formed in your heads, I am fine. Sherlock has been looking after me quite well and Molly has given me the all clear for what I want to do…or rather what I want you to do.”
“It was decided that they would gain early admittance. They had out stripped their tutors and were deemed to be mature enough attend.”
Sherlock stood for what felt like an eternity as he became more nervous with each passing minute. He did realize he was shaking until he was touched and guided to a bench and sat down.
“What don’t I understand? Tell me what I am missing? Instruct me as to what I must do to make this right….to make him right again.”
Lorna dropped to the floor and picked them up, “This is William’s hair and this is James’ hair. I would know it anywhere.”
Jamie got up and ran a hand through my hair before tugging it hard enough to bring tears to my eyes, “But he is the key to it all.”
John threw his mind back. It was the murder of a series of Alphas by a gang of Betas but made to look like it was done by Omegas.
“It was Mary’s last wish Mycroft. You said you owed me a debt then pay it by honoring the name she gave him on her deathbed.”
He came to in his office. He looked at the clock and discovered that only seven hours had past since he had injected himself.
“You may only use your mouth Pet,” he said as he placed each hand flat on the cross in front of his Pet, “and only start when you feel the vibrator commence.”
“Your friend is not out of the woods yet. The drugs he has been on are very strong and trying to find a way to help him has been difficult to say the least.”
I came back to reality to find myself tied very tightly to a straight back chair with my legs spread wide and my arms rather uncomfortably tied behind on the open slats of the back of the chair. I was still naked.
He motioned to his men to bring forward the drugs we had collected. Moran pulled out a knife and sampled the product.
I went to it and knelt down next to the chair and gazed up at the face of the man I would die for on command.
“Sherlock, this is ridiculous. I am hungry and thirsty.  You may be able to go days on end without food but I can’t.”
“Now, now mustn’t have any of that,” he said, “It’s my fault you haven’t been properly taken care of.”
Seb opened the first cage and snapped the leash that John had brought to the collar around the man’s neck then tied it off so the man’s head was forced up. He took the mask off. The man blinked in the light of the room and tried to moan but no sound came from his throat. Seb then did the same to the man in the second cage who tried to fight but a punch to the head seem to take it all out of him.
Yama stood and grabbed me by the scruff of the neck. He marched me to a room I hadn’t been allowed into before.
Moriarty was right. Sebastian and I did share a lot of common traits as submissive masochist so I knew where to go to make sure I had his attention.
“Now that the niceties are out of the way, how was it possible for two boys to be abducted from one of the safest schools in England?”
The first strike went across my right pectoral with the second matching on my left. Moran was very skilled with the whip making patterns on my body with a flick of his wrist.
Then there was the problem of Sherlock or Shirley. Moran had no idea what Moriarty had done to Sherlock. In his mind Shirley was Jim’s slave and Sherlock was dead or sold and he didn’t know which.
I bowed and left the house. I paid the boy who was looking after my horse good money and asked him to keep an eye on the house and tell me any activity. His father saw the dagger at my waist and pledged that he and his sons would do just that.
She walked behind Sherlock and undid the rope leading from his collar to his feet and then pushed him onto the ground. Holmes held back a cry as the nipple clamps popped off in the impact.
“Germany,” he said, “in a weeks time there will be a sale that I think will suit our needs. I know the owner of the training house that is sponsoring the auction so I can set up the necessary paperwork. That should give you time to travel to Ravensburg in southern Germany where the sale will be held. I will look over the paperwork that you have compiled for his history and see if we have any problems that need to be addressed.”
We established that Mr. James Williams was a widower who had come to Italy for his nerves and health. We made him an invalid with various medical issues, which allowed me to move around without too much trouble. As Mr. Williams I bundled up and was pushed around in a wheel chair or walked with two canes.
John looked at Sherlock and held up his hand. Sherlock took the hand in his and said, “I was so scared I had lost you Sir. It must be my fault. Punish me anyway you must.”
“Moran was the last of the gang that had not either died or been imprisoned. I did not know that he was still alive until word got to me through your friend the chief of a strange tale of the broken English man found in the mountains next to his dead wife who was not totally a woman. He sent someone to check the story out only to discover that Moran was still alive.”
Sherlock gasped and tried to pull away but Moriarty took a firm grip on the collar and started slowly strangling Sherlock.
Sherlock, gasping for breath having been let go, grabbed at Moriarty and pushed her so that Moriarty went over the cliff side.
“Really, we are going to do this now?” I said “We have an injured man. We are G-d knows where. I strongly suggest that you stay put.”
Holmes took me by the arm and said, “I need you to go look at the stables and the kitchen. Talk to the other slaves that work there and see if they saw anything. They will talk to you more easily than if ordered to talk to me.”
Something happened a couple of weeks later that allowed Sherlock Holmes to emerge from hiding and take his rightful place in English society.
“Hello William,” I said. The babe opened his eyes and the blue eyes of my Master were looking back at me from the tiny face.
“I am sure you have questions as I am sure I have answers but this is neither the time nor the place for either.”
Mrs. Hudson took my hand and directed me inside. She led me up to the sitting room and made me sit down.
I laid out the problem I have been given by the Holmes’ and my fears of what could go wrong and why. I talked myself hoarse.
After I shouted my release, he popped off my cock and said in that boy-like voice, “Did I please you Master?”
William shook his head, “I have no idea. Any posting or signage is on the other side of the village.”
Sherlock had Sebastian drop him off down by the docks and told him to wait for his return. Jim wanted to follow but was stopped short by the choke collar that Seb had put around his neck.
Holmes was fighting me all the way. Eventually I got a hold on him and Yama gave him the sedative that the monk had brought in.
I think to his surprise and I will admit a little to my own, it didn’t work. I was focused on my task at hand and nothing was going to deter me.
He grabbed me by the collar and hauled me to my feet. I could barely get purchase with the floor before he started to manhandle me up the stairs and into the room where I had been sleeping.
“Do you understand that you may be called on to service both sexes? Mary is the perfect solution for this.”
Will stepped over to me and waited for the door to open. Once it was, he stepped back and let me perform. I moaned and groaned and waved a hand in the direction of the door.
At some point Holmes woke up and I fed him through the bars of muzzle which half way through I gestured for Yama to leave which he did reluctantly.
“Watson, strip and present,” he said firmly as he pointed to a cushion he had dropped from the bed to the floor in front of him.
I could tell this was an order, not a request so I nodded and followed him out to the carriage that awaited us which swiftly took us to his house.
“I did no such thing!” came the protest as Simion got gingerly to his feet, “The slave was begging me…”
“But for how long will I be with you?” He tapped the side of his head, “Who is to say that when you wake up it won’t be with me but someone else from inside my head.”
Sorry this took so long but Awesome Con was AWESOME. I met Bill Nye one of my all time idols! And I saw the Capaldi/Coleman Q&A which was late and cut short but the time that we had to hear them was brilliant.
I settled myself so I could whisper in his ear and play with his nipples. Mary went back to teasing his cock with her hands and adding licks and nips with her mouth.
He tried to work this out in his head but it didn’t quite work out to his satisfaction so he did what I would have done shrug and ignore it like a good slave should.
“However you are the man I want to serve,” I said, “I made a commitment to you and yours as you did to me. Nothing has changed that would make me doubt myself for signing that paper which gave you mastery over me.”
“Because I have abilities that these other people don’t have. Watson, you know it has to be me. In your heart of hearts you know this.”
Ok I am putting this and the other piece that is not complete in my NaNoWriMo word count just to see if I can write 1500 words a day. This along with a couple of other projects.
She pulled a knife from her sleeve and slashed quickly. She held his ball sack in her hand showing him what she had done.
He hit me again and grabbed me by the collar. He positioned me with my hands on a rock and my ass out and proceeded to hit, slap and punch me all the while berating me for what I had done.
“Stay there my pet,” said John, “Things are going to be a bit different for the next couple of weeks since you now have a pet of your own. Now I suggest that after you finish your tea, you take your doggie outside so he can relieve himself before we cage him for the night.”
He got up from the pile and said, “Go take a shower and come to my bed. You all deserve a reward for your good efforts.”
“I found you outside in the snow in great pain. You apparently had wandered out of the house after consuming some port that had been tampered with. The Tzesarevich’s valet recognized the symptoms of the poison. It was lucky that you did so. The lower temperature kept the poison from killing you outright. Apparently this was an attempt on the Tzesarevich’s life that you were accidently caught up in since his love of fine port is well know.”
“But only certain forms of it. I don’t enjoy jamming my finger or a paper-cut. But a well placed beating is heaven to me.”
Then from behind me Sherlock came running out of the cave clad only in the nightdress we had found him in. He ran right to Moriarty and grabbed his leg.
“The message?” asked Holmes holding his hand out. Yama gave him the envelope which he opened and read.
I was bereft of everything. I stepped into the carriage I was direct to and found myself taken to my house.
He tapped the app on his phone and all three men straightened up even further trying not to move but failing. There was now a low muffled buzzing sound very audible in the room.
In walked a very tall slender woman well dressed in a blue silk gown with lovely embroidery. Her hair and make-up where in western style.  Around her neck was a fine delicate metal collar and at her wrists were metal cuffs. I was betting if I looked under the dress, there would be cuffs around her ankles as well. She walked over to Moriarty and knelt next to him with her hands crossed behind her back and her head down.
I stood up to go but saw a look of such sadness on his face like he had lost all hope and joy in his life. Just as quickly his face shifted back to his usual public mask.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another in a series of lectures to educate and edify. Tonight Dr. Langstrom is going to demonstrate a very interesting technique of dislocating and relocating joints. This can be very useful for discipline of a recalcitrant servant.”
He went to speak but I stopped him, “No. You will not do this. Now if you will excuse me, I think it would be better if I was elsewhere right now before we both do or saying something that we will regret more than what has already been said here.”
I pulled down his bloomers and he turned around. It was there that I fell to my knees and started crying in anger and in pain.
Zaram went to check the main room and I worked my way to where the slaves were kept but found it empty.
Moran came into my vision and said, “I have been informed it is time for your private tutoring. You are privileged indeed to have been picked for this highest of honors.”
He put his Tiger on all fours and ran his hand lightly on the marks that his Boy had made on the flesh, “Nice grouping Boy.”
I turned about and found myself face to face with Moriarty but this time the clothing Jim was wearing was for a man. He looked like a small, slim, middle-aged man with a shaved head and face.
“You should have learned your lessons. I told you what would happen if you do not obey,” He almost looked sad for me then gestured to my fellow slaves, “grab him and bring him to the sitting room.”
“John Watson,” he said very formally, “slave of Sherlock Holmes, I order you on the behalf of your Master to do as we say and take charge of your Master’s health and happiness.”
Then with a hoarse shout he came almost pulling himself free of the restrains in the violence of his release. He fell back to the bed and for a moment there was silence with the exception of all the heavy breathing as Mary and I had both come as well.
I smiled and took the bottle of oil we kept for our intimate activities. I let him watch as I used my fingers to finish preparing myself for him. I placed myself with the tip of his cock just reaching my entrance and slowly sank down on him allowing him to feel every inch of me. I slowly rode him to orgasm as he expressed his appreciation with language only a sailor could truly appreciate.
“I did enjoy that,” he said, “You were such a good student and even taught me a few tricks I didn’t know.”
As I found myself slipping away, my final thought was that I was in much more trouble than any of us expected.
He preened a bit at the sight of his Alphas defending his honor. Then shook his head wondering where the hell that thought came from.
For around his cock was an ugly metal cage that had been welded shut the same way the cuffs and collar on his wrist, ankles and neck were. I could see that there was damage to his organ from being confined for G-d knows how long.
I looked at the collar around his neck and saw a brass plate with engraving that read “Property of J. M.”
“Yep,” said William who was intently looking at two men who were walking towards our vantage point but stopped at the village line and turned back.
“Why not,” I said in a weary voice, “It seems to be my lot in life that I find a Master and make the mistake of having feelings for him only to lose him one way or another.”
“Well, “ I said, “The cart was full going south so the question is it is going to town or taking supplies to another farm.”
I saw Yama walking towards me with a look on his face that told me that he did not have good news for me.
I nodded and said, “Yes, we are. I will always be grateful to everyone here for all that you have done. If there is anything I can do for you, you have only to ask and if it is in my power I will do it.”
He grabbed a bath sponge and his body wash and proceeded to wash John head to toe not letting John do anything for himself.
He untied the young slave and helped me put Moran in his place tying him painfully tight to the bench after undressing him.
“Apparently he has learned well from his master,” said Knife as John thought of him. He was the more dangerous of the two.
The shade of red that his face was turning I knew as a Doctor was not a good sign of his health. He stood up and clenched his fist. I thought he might strike me but instead he took a few deep breaths and sat down.
The next morning Sherlock woke up to find John already up and about. He threw on his bathrobe and walked into the kitchen.
Lestrade was horrified and embarrassed at what he had just done. He threw on his clothes and left the room quickly leaving a mess on the floor.
She looked at him briefly in astonishment and then went back to her usual face, “Nothing gets past you does it?”
I arrived promptly at 8 and was escorted to a new wing of the club I had not been in before. I was taken to a changing room and handed a note.
He thought how nice it would be for Sherlock to suck him off before his mind disappeared into the fog of want and need.
“We have been recreating all the lovely terrible things that you did to Jim. I do admit you are quite creative when it comes to torture. I even learned a thing or two.”
I came back to contentiousness on a cot with my limbs tied up to keep my joints in place. I realized that the gag was still in my mouth and I had also been tied to the cot.
He set the pace with his hands and I obeyed as I thrust myself up and down on him. I could feel him reaching climax so I squeezed him with my ass and he came with a shout. And must to my dismay, I came all over his chest and face.
John went back to stroking Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock leaned into the touch and allowed it to send him to sleep.
“When the vibrator in your ass starts up, you will try to complete the task I give you. Now there will be no cheating…I’m looking at you boy.”
I did as I had been ordered and found wrists tied off to the bed posts. My ankles tied to the legs of my bed causing me to have to spread my legs wider. I could feel the air on my balls and if I adjusted the fabric of the bed cover against them.
Toby tried to find a way to eat the cereal and quickly found that his tongue was his best tool to do so. He tried to use his hands and Sherlock had shocked him hard.
“This is one of the concoctions that we talked about at this afternoon’s session. It will allow the subject to feel but not move.”
“Good Boy,” said Sherlock, “Now I am going to let you taste but you are not allowed to enter him until I say you can.”
“Not YOURS!” bellowed Sherlock as he grabbed John by the collar and tossed him into the foyer of 221b. Greg backed Sherlock up and the two of them formed a barrier between the Alphas and John.
I was in the dining room when Lord Willingham came in and sat down. I could see the concern on his face. Lilly, the maid, brought him a bowl of stew and I poured him a glass of wine.
We were up in the mountains when Moran finally caught up with us. There was a chase that ended up with me with my back up against a wall and a shear cliff in front of me. Moran coming up to my left and a waterfall that I could not ford on my right. I grabbed Moriarty and put my dagger to her throat. Sherlock stood next to me as Moran came around the corner then ran to him before I could grab him.
The other son helped me up and away from the fight whispering in my ear, “Get out of here and hide.”
After a days travel away from Rampur, I found myself finally thinking about what was next. Until that point I had one thing on my mind which was to find Sherlock Holmes. Now having done that, I had to figure out how to find Sherlock within the body in front of me.
The stable was what they called their prostitution operation that prided itself on catering to all adult tastes. They also tended to entrap pedophiles and turn them over to the police when they found out what they wanted. It earned them the trust of some honest cops as well as the ones they had on the books.
“Come!” came the command from his master and from the music. He came hard spraying the stage in front of him with his seed. He thrust a couple of more times and then pulled himself off the dildo and collapsed on the floor in front of him.
The whipping was masterful. I gave into the burn of the strips and the coolness of the air and just when I thought I could not take enough, it stopped.
He smiled and felt loved. He knew that his master was going to watch all of this on camera and, if he was lucky and did well, he would be able to see the recording too.
They did as I requested and I found myself back in the room with Holmes but free to move about unimpeded.
Sherlock shrugged and removed his shoes putting them into one of the lockers on the wall. His clothes followed leaving him naked except the dark brown collar permanently locked on his neck.
Mary got up and poured me a measure of scotch. She knelt next to me smoothly and offered me the glass.
He then started the second video, which was John in front of a large pane of glass. John nodded and the videographer went forward to show the room behind the glass. Mycroft sucked his breath in as he saw his brother strapped down in a stress position just like he had his minions do to Moriarty just after they brought him in. The look of pain on his brother’s face soured his stomach.
I took the glass and drank a pull of the scotch. The burn down my throat gave me focus that I so desperately needed.
He hesitated for a moment. I could tell that he was trying to figure out a way to tell me some bad news.
Seb put an end to that with a button that activated the shock collar which caused the man to almost pass out which pulled on the leash and started to strangle him. Seb undid the leash and handed it to Jim.
William and I had our suspicions about our Uncles and what relationship they were to us but we never pursued it. Our father was our father and we loved him dearly. Our mother was our mother and we loved her dearly as well. We had a good life and we relished it.
John pushed Sherlock back and Sherlock growled low in his throat. John toed off his shoes and pulled off his trousers leaving him with the adult diaper on. Sherlock dropped to his knees and started rubbing  his head again what was now apparently John’s hard cock. Lestrade could see that the slick was starting to leak from the edges of the garment.
Once the pecking order was sorted out and we proved to be able to give and take with the best, we were left alone for the most part. We did make some friends both within our year mates and some of the older boys. We were a bit of talk around the town having Sherlock Holmes for an uncle. Everyone wanted to know about him and his adventures. We told what we could.
Greg worked himself around to John’s side and his head under John taking the cock as ordered into his mouth. The cock was driven further down his throat as Sherlock entered and started to pound John’s ass with abandonment. Any control was gone as he entered his Omega. In short order John came down Greg’s throat.
He blew up, “EVERYTHING HAS CHANGED! LOOK AT YOURSELF! LOOK AT WHAT I DID TO YOU WITH MY BARE HANDS AND TELL ME YOU WANT THIS! I COULD HAVE KILLED YOU!”
Sherlock grabbed Mycroft’s arm before he could swing, “Stop it! Both of you. This is not doing the boys any good. Mycroft, John is concerned for the boys as are you. And may I remind you about the conversation we had about abusing my property”
He awoke to find himself in the middle of the pile with John wrapped around him on one side and Sherlock on the other. He found that he had been unbound but he had no wish to leave the group. He settled in but couldn’t go back to sleep. Both men smelt so good to him. He could feel himself getting hard but he was so happy where he was. He tried to move an arm but John’s head was on it.
It was focused on John’s face and all three men could see the blood running down his face from his nose along with the vivid mark on his face where he had been struck. He looked like he was panicking with the knife to his throat but his eyes told a whole other story. John was angry. All three men had seen that look and it not gone well for them so they knew who ever had captured John Watson had no idea what they had strapped to that chair.
Both men shook their heads and Yama said, “And at this point you cannot tell him what is happening to him. We hope that soon we can but right now it is not safe.”
Before I could get my thoughts in order I heard “Present” and my body obey as I had been trained to do. My hands went behind my head and I stood at attention.
The treatment for the drug with-drawl had mixed results. He wasn’t dying but he wasn’t less dependent on the substances they were using. At this point I was praying that we could go back to the substances he use to abuse.
“Well this is a turn indeed,” said Yama, “After you eat, let’s go see the Lama and let him examine your friend.”
I did the same for me and we went back to our room where a light supper had been put out for us. We ate our fill and then went to bed.
“John, your Master was systematically tortured. The burns on his skull seem to be electrical burns. There are signs that various limbs have been broken and carefully reset. Most of the scaring is such that it does not show when he is wearing clothing. His face is very much untouched. His fingers have been pulled out and put back to a point that we have concerns about them.”
Sherlock took off the restraints from John and proceeded to rub himself all over John’s body. This only caused John’s cock to get hard and his entire body to feel even warmer than he thought possible.
“Open up,” said Sherlock and he forced a ring gag into Toby’s mouth then strapped it very tightly to his face.
I thought I saw a flash of red and orange coming toward us as I passed out. I prayed it was help and not our deaths on this unforgiving mountain.
The next several days of instruction were harsh. We were tested and ‘taught’ how we were supposes to behave. At one point we lost another of our number to Moran’s gun. He killed her right in front of us so we all got a good view of her brains being splattered all over the floor.
"Right. Well, all I know is that I would have liked to have known your plan much sooner than us being on our way here."
Mycroft's response, when it came, fell heavy and swift, like a sword stroke through Sherlock's torso. Crippling him at the spine.
"How come he doesn't just take all of them then, if he's making that kind of money?" Molly asked quietly. "My dad, he had cancer, he was on the transplant list up until he died, so I know how rare it is to actually get a viable one. But I mean, and I'm not saying it's in the least bit ethical, but if he's going to kill them anyway, why waste them? From what I've seen here, they're all perfectly healthy organs. What's the point of leaving all the other bits if someone could use them?"
John smiled in response and shuffled his feet. "Oh. Ta. That's very kind of you Greg." The combination of sentiment and audacity made his eye squint. "I'll uh, certainly try my best."
With a click, the barrel screw lock disengaged and the long fingers tickling the fine hairs on his buttocks moved to linger at the lily-white flesh of his inner thigh. The delicate wooden piece feeling strange as it shifted a little in its new allowance.
for those interested i've included a link to what I imagined Sherlock playing while John cleaned the flat...
Sherlock stared a moment, unsure how to answer, before kissing him again. Slower and longer this time. He made sure to move his plush lips in a comforting way against John's. Making sure that it did not promise anything more. He had half a mind to tuck the poor man into his bed once he pulled him from the bath.
Hidden, but not fully concealed, lay the lumpy form of a stuffed mattress, a pillow, and a hastily flung blanket. Finally answering John's silent question as to why the gorgeously carved bed in the solar sat completely unused every time he had seen it.
His cold eyes meant to pierce John against the wall, but the only good they did was to keep his boots from floating off the ground.
It could feel the vibration of their violent spills as they went crashing down. Down down down they thundered. Back down the hundred feet below into pools that smashed and crushed and bore into the earth like Titans' fists. Before regathering themselves after having spent their ire and resuming their wandering courses away. Snaking southward through the sleepy valley beneath and out beyond the castle's reach.
He presses his lips to Sherlock's lax mouth, but it isn't the same without the madman kissing back, and an ugly noise rises unbidden from him as he clambers to his feet. That this may be the last time he would ever touch this man again is nearly anathema.
John automatically flipped to the first page which read 'To James: remember that you were loved by me and you made my life a happy one. And there is no tragedy in that.' It made something tenuous in John's heart ache.
But, unfortunately, it's also not feasible for them to linger in bed for the rest of their lives as there are still bills to pay and as Sherlock's fond of saying now, they're the only two consulting detectives currently active in London, so they must continue to do the work that nobody else is qualified to do.
It had been a long walk up to the Lord of the Manor's front door when the day finally came, three days before his ceremony. The looming, two-story manor house with its peaked roofs and many glass windows were absolutely oppulant compared to John's own. And John was surprised to find himself glowering at William's life now. How differently the twin lives of two dirty boys playing and working and fucking in the fields had turned out.
He breathed only through his nose as Charles stepped before him, stroking a finger tenderly down Sherlock's cheekbone. "Open your eyes to me." He instructed. And Sherlock did.
With his RAMC mug freshly cleaned and the coffees mixed accordingly, John turned back and set Sherlock's cup down beside him, leaning in to give a peck to Sherlock's temple and stayed when he felt Sherlock lean into it.
Sherlock hummed agreeably and took another bite. "Oh most definitely. You heard what Lestrade said: I battered his career by solving the Carl Powers' case. He'll do something ostentatious to try and save face."
Sherlock sniffed the sandwich, looking it over with an appraising eye, before taking a large bite right from the middle. Bread crunching greasily. "Most likely, he's too busy getting ready to have a news conference. He's leaving booking procedure to Donovan so that he can focus on writing a public statement. If he's anything like he was before, he won't allow anyone else to write his words for him, he'll keep Sipe behind bars overnight tonight to soften him up for questioning in the morning, which will give him enough time to contact BBC to inform them of his great accomplishment."
"No." John spat, expecting the diversion and immediately circumventing it. "That wasn't understanding, Sherlock. That was you stroking your own ego. Getting your kicks by having a chat with someone who just wanted to play a game with you. You did it once before with the cabbie and the pills and you did it again last night! That man was unstable and irrational and you walked yourself right into a trap. Admit it. Moriarty caught you with your bloody pants down."
Then the tempo kicked up into a breaking crest amidst an ocean of noise and he rested again with a sharp, slicing downstroke, one that looked so hard it could have gouged the instrument in two if he had let it.
i know! how rude. but i had to do one last chapter before they met. i promise they will in the next one though! be strong!!
Sherlock had the small mole skin book from the back of the drawer clutched delicately in his hand again.
John immediately recited what he'd spoken about before with Sherlock. He kept the anatomical terms to a minimum, substituting in general descriptions where he could and talking around others, if only it to keep Anderson in the loop. He showed them the strangely clean underside of the skull, proving the meticulousness of the job by how the culprit even went so far as to remove the nerves and connective tissues out of the various foramina with tweezers.
"Missing? What?" It sounded preposterous. "That's the case then? A missing fish? And you're actually taking it?"
The drums tapped softly. Page began to lob his voice as his ethereal guitar returned volley. The solo spiraled downward. The snares crashed. Licks swam. The beat stretched and wormed and found its place. "Don't leave me so confused." Page begged in the background and John could sympathise.
Their lips met. This time with a hunger that had been building since the first time they had seen each other. An intensity that grew like a thundercloud, encircling them both until it was all that they were.
The crowd, who had been standing idle with their handfuls of rot as they listened, now became rigid in their stances. Arms drawing back in excitement. Lips drawing up into sneers.
"I don't know sir," admitted the officer, "Mr. Anderson asked us not to do anything until the Detective Inspector comes 'round. All I know is that it was found in the water."
After bringing the animals indoors, all the Watsons had chosen to stay up for the entirety of the night. The only one who did manage to get any shut eye was brother Michael, who without much fuss at all took his spectacles from his face, linked his fingers across his belly, and set his chin upon his chest precisely where he sat propped against the wall and began immediately to softly snore.
Caught off guard, John blinked and adjusted the sack in his hand. His brain fuzzing out around Sherlock's strange adoration. "Yea-yes. Well, from here, it looks like his vertebrae's been crushed from T9 through at least L3. Pelvis turned a full 360 degrees to his chest." His eyebrows were nearly touching his hairline, like saying it out loud made it all the more real. "And his entire alimentary canal's been forced up into his thoracic cavity. I don't know about being shoved, but this is certainly something I've never seen. Anatomically speaking."
As they approached the entrance to Baker Town, they could see a tall thin man sat upon a white horse with a crown upon his head. Given his stature, his long robes, and the two Royal guards flanking him, it was clear that this was King Mycroft. The ruler of the land himself had chosen to greet them.
Where to the West of the west lower river resided the town church, St. Bartholomew, with its property packed full of too many gravestones like a mouth full of too many teeth.
John hesitated to follow, still eyeing the suspicious discs. He could hear Sherlock mumbling words that weren't loud enough for John to distinguish. "Ready for what?" He asked numbly but Sherlock was already turning the volume on the telly up.
The Queen Mother only shrugs minutely. "It's certainly possible. I don't know. It's probably out of a Miss Marple episode for all I know. But it's what he insisted on."
The bulldog dropped to its haunches immediately with an appreciative huff, its flews producing the same sound a bag would make being emptied quickly of air, before sliding further onto her belly and and then rolling onto her side.
"Piss off!" John smashed open his bedroom door, and what he had thought to be his night's crescendo suddenly reached another exsacerbating peak:
After, they had all watched in wonder as the cow and her new calf became acquainted and marveled as the little thing grew. And to their utter astonishment, continued to grow and survive into spring.
"During the second stage, your tremors will worsen along with your muscle control. You will become incapable of walking and will require assistance even to stand. You will become emotionally unstable and suffer bouts of uncontrollable laughter, which is just as well, because when you reach the terminal stage of the disease, your life will not end happily.
"But you /can/ confirm that he was laying horizontally on the street when the bus ran him over?" Sherlock's hands were clipped behind his back.
John knew he should answer his Prince, but again the words would not come to him. They remained trapped at the back of his tongue. None of them willing to come to the forefront of his mouth. But John was absolutely certain that it was not, above all things, fear that stayed them. John could not be afraid of that which he coveted.
John followed as Sherlock strode straight up to a man whose countenance would usually dissuade all passers by from making conversation with him at this time of night. He looked half busker, leaning against the bus stop, with his steel gray beard and mustache and a spider web tattoo netting out across his temple. Dressed casually in a black hoodie and dark jeans.
"I needed to use your phone." Sherlock could hardly be arsed to pick up an arm to shrug for that. "Why didn't you ever call her back?"
"Ta." John kissed him. Initiating the contact between them for the first time since they'd agreed to this as something more than a chaste peck. He kissed him deeply, making sure to press his lips against his friend long enough and firmly enough to release the coiled tension in Sherlock's muscles. Feeling it fall from his body like a caul.
Through the miasma of climax, John heard Sherlock's affirmations. Heard the words that he himself had whispered into the ears of dying men, as they took their last breaths on this earth in his arms. Beneath his hands. While they cried and pleaded and begged for their mothers. What he'd wished he could have said back to that man he still loved. Would always love. Bill Murray.
She held up a full mesh bag that she'd lugged up the stairs. "Don't expect this all the time now; but I've brought you your laundry back, as a thank you for buying my shopping yesterday. I just took up anything on the floor I could find in addition to the baskets, hope you don't mind."
"Right, that. Thanks for reminding me." John blinked. "The point is, you brought me into this agreement under the circumstances that I was here to provide you someone to help you make rent. Then we agreed to cases together 'cause you thought I could help you given my background, and it worked out too that I became your blogger. Fine. But I'm under no circumstances to be held personally responsible for your lack of cases. Alright? Besides, you've got one on as we speak."
John launched himself up on his elbows at the sound of his name, momentarily disoriented. The room was strange, the smells were familiar but misplaced. The bed was facing the wrong way and too large and too soft and...oh.
A young community support officer in a neon yellow coat reached John first, holding up a hand. "Sorry, sir. You'll need to move along. There's been an accident." He looked absolutely miserable, with his nose and ears bitten to a bright red, trying to wick what heat he could from a paper cup of coffee. John could already tell that he'd started to shiver.
"Then just stay like that." Sherlock said, glancing over at him with a crinkled smile. He opened John's top drawer filled with socks and underwear.
John wiped the corner of his mouth with his napkin, deeply invested in what he was saying. Like it had come to him as a revelation. "This last time it was for the better part of a week that we were off and going nonstop. So it's like a biological high for you, as much as I don't want to say it that way. It is. And in the comedown, you're crashing. Does that make sense so far? 'Cause I think it finally makes sense to me.
Slowly, so as not to spook him, Sherlock lifted his hands and took John gently by the face, cupping his chin in his long, warm fingers. His thumbs catching the tears as they fell.
Sherlock agreed by making an obnoxious slurping noise as he vacuumed the viscous liquid from the tiny lake from John's navel. The resultant laugh and tight fingers on his curls brought him scrambling up to meet John's mouth. "You are--oof!" John pressed his tongue into Sherlock's mouth as he settled over top him, tasting himself, "bloody incredible."
Within an instant, what had once been a docile group of dirty people, became a slavering throb of hatred. The crowd exploded with ferocity in all forms. And with such noise! Their verbal abuses tore at the man's character as equally as their projectiles tore at his person.
"However," Sherlock continued, "extras are always ideal. So it's certainly not an ineffectual purchase. I suppose you'll be wanting to discuss the parameters of our arrangement in further detail once we return home?"
"Octopi bear no internal nor external skeletal structure and can therefore reduce themselves to the size of their beak." Sherlock informed him. "Specimens in labs have shown a remarkable level of intelligence by opening jars and escaping from containers. Mr. Asano's particular pet seems to have utilized just such abilities."
"You have me! We can figure it out!" John had bellowed, fists beating his chest. The heat of unshed tears had sucked at his eyes. Too selfish to see through his own heartache to listen to his lover's. "You and me together! We've made it this far! We can figure it out. . ."
Lestrade shifted on his feet just after the dubious action was finished. "So, Sherlock, got any theories?"
"Yeah. Sure." John's pride prickled a little as he bent to pick up the paper and left, twisting his neck freely against the jolt that burrowed down the length of his humorous. Certainly not the first time feeling dejected, John tended to the fledgling fire and avoided going near the breezy windows. Whatever was eating at Sherlock would come out later, he was sure of it.
The mouse eventually ended up squashed beneath the broad head of a broom some five hours later after they'd bated it with some Weetabix and sat quietly like predators. Then John had the unfortunate task of having to put back all of Mrs. Hudson's things on account of her bad hip and being coaxed into rearranging her kitchen since it 'was in such a state anyway'.
John found a heady comfort in the solidarity of his work; healing was his nature. He asked the hollowed man before him if it was okay to unbutton the top button of his shirt for better access to the blood that had dribbled down his neck and Sherlock only hummed an admission. He was afloat in the sea of deductions.
He tried harder, to end it faster, but the pressure was mounting and his focus was flagging and that water had dropped another two nefarious degrees and that deus ex machina button inside him just WOULDN'T reveal itself to his short, fine fingers and get this all over with and oh! for fuck's sake! Come on!
Brother Michael let out a great guffaw at that. His long-practiced hand snatching out to steady his spectacles as he chuckled. "Oh, no nonono. I have not come for that..."
"Sherlock?" John's brain boiled with questions as he came bounding back up the stairs, but the man was nowhere to be found. He heard a door shut just as he slid open the ones to the kitchen, frowning. As if he'd purposely vacated the scene at John's approach. The brain was still in chunks on the table and left abandoned like some poor monster. Forming a gelatinous substance around its base. John's laptop was gone.
William simply smiled, "and you'll not be wearing those either." Nodding his head towards the ratty brown tunic and green hose that John had managed to dress himself in. The only ones he owned.
When he is finally able to shake the spasm from his diaphragm, Sherlock's anguished face breaks into a hugely relieved smile. "Good! Excellent! Very well done John. Again. Another." His hand is back to stroking John's hair. His thumb moving down to wipe at the tears that John didn't know had been dripping down his temples.
John's hand went to his forehead, his fingers pinching his temples. A sad sigh deflating him. "So does starvation-" looking up, he realized that his Prince was misunderstanding him, to go by the naked fear only growing in Sherlock's eyes.
"The incision...it's in the wrong place. It wasn't meant to be operative at all; it was made for convenience." John was horrified.
"How many serious relationships would you say you've been in John?" The question came out of nowhere, slapping John right up against the occipital lobe. It took him a minute to work it out. Sherlock's spine twisting to look at him.
"As punishment for your perversity in participating in unnatural relations with a member of the Royal guard and for your continued perjury while in custody, you are to endure to your person a fair and just punishment as declared by the people."
"You live here with your sister, yes?" Brother Michael asked, taking a sip from the ladel and selecting another vial from his impressive collection, adding the entire contents of it to the grumbling pot, before slipping the empty vial back in. John eyed the impressive collection from where it sat next to him upon the bedstead and kept his hands graciously in his lap.
And John would so sooner die a thousand and one deaths before he would ever let a treacle-colored hair be touched on William's dear head.
"Oh well. I'm sure you will. I'm still certain it represents what you mean to him. You're his /rock/." She nodded as though her opinion on this was infallible. "You've done my Sherlock a lot of good, John Hamish Watson. He might never say it, but he loves you very much. I can tell."
"Have we reached a new level of boredom I've not seen before?" John joked. "Sherlock Holmes resulting to hobbies and crafts in his downtime?"
John didn't need this right now. He needed sleep. He need a goddamn break to sit and think and figure it all out.
John gasped and put a hand into the depths of his Sherlock's hair as hot breath ghosted across his balls, his foot involuntarily readjusting. He felt his cock begin to swell in anticipation, despite his trepidation. "Just tell me ...Sherlock, what the experi--ah!" Sherlock broke off his thought with an affectionate nuzzle, pressing his whole face in until his chin bumped John's cleft and his nose burrowed against his prostate, telling him without words what John already knew.  "...Fine, just...ah! Christ. Be soft..."
"Are you certain about this John?" Sherlock asks, almost ironically, as he's forging John's signature perfectly onto the discharge papers as he asks it. But there's a seriousness to his face that leaves John just blinking at his profile in  confusion.
"Prince Sherlock is still recovering from illness. He has been confined to his chamber until there is absolutely no doubt that the sickness will not return for him. The door will remained unlocked throughout the day so that the servants may come and go, but he is not to leave his chamber. No matter what.
"And I certainly find it hard to believe that he would choose to off himself after he'd just received a £2600 suit! So that means whomever pushed him was close to him. He trusted them. They knew each other intimately. Hence the lover. And in such short a time as to-"
The torrential downpour had forced most of the sellers who worked from tents and wagons to keep their businesses closed and wait for the storm to pass. Those in buildings fared a little bit better. But not by much.
"This will be my stop then lads." Brother Michael said as they came to the final three-pronged fork in the road. He clambered down off his horse and stretched his back, handing the reigns off to William before reassuring John that he could return the gray horse he was using whenever he saw fit. She would no doubt be better stabled at the castle than she would be here and she deserved a bit of spoiling.
He pulled the grocery sack up against an errant burst of wind and cursed as it did little to stave off its striking chill.
"Which means that you are to keep him occupied and in good spirits at all times. He is never to fall into melancholy under any circumstances.
John lifted into consciousness like a corpse rising in water. Immediately processing the heaviness of his limbs, the pinpoints of soreness that sang out louder as he awakened, his abdomen, his buttocks, his thighs and arms and, most surprisingly, /not/ his shoulder. But it was the furnace-like warmth buttered along his back that was the true cause for his waking, everything else was simply afterburn.
"Sort of, I mean. When you put it like that." John said lamely as if it should have made sense all along. He laid down his hackles at the madman's onlslaught, relenting to the fact that he should just assume Sherlock was right and let the point go.
"The toast is soggy and the coffee's gone cold." Sherlock was saying and as if hiding it simply for this pleasure, Sherlock produced his mug from somewhere and set it on the tabletop right next to John's RAMC mug that had somehow - even more miraculously - made it back downstairs. "I'll be needing you to make some more."
In the early afternoon of the second day, the post came, effectively twisting the mood that had been filling 221B into a more defined focus. Providing the catalyst they needed to end this pointless circling.
John's heart restarted in his chest as he tentatively lifted his arm and waved back. His bleeding thumb making its way to his mouth.
"But I just had one last month..." Sherlock protested. It was wholly absurd to be having a bath so soon after he had just had one.
"Honestly John, you're insulting three thousand years of tradition." Sherlock's arms were folded across his chest, surveying the catastrophe taking place across the table. The rosy tips on both their faces had begun to subside now that they were out of the cold. Sherlock had led them to the same Chinese restaurant he'd taken John to after their case John had posted on their blog and titled: 'A Study in Pink'. The first case they'd ever solved together.
It seemed strange to be summoned so late in the evening but we went along with the boy heading to the quarters of the Master.
And that is how I John Watson agreed to train Sherlock Holmes to be a slave to be sold on the block in the Marketplace.
Our ‘lessons’ were expanded and we were tested both in groups or individually. We watched two more people die in front of us and several others just vanished.
William settled down behind me making sure that the wool blankets were mostly against the wall insulating us from the cold that was seeping from it.
“There are the pieces of me that are not part of the whole still. I am in command but I am afraid that at any minute someone else will take over and all our work will be for naught.”
I had no time to think before I heard the sound of the whip and felt the lash across my back. One followed the other and I found myself floating on a sea of pleasurable pain. And just as it was about to overwhelm me, the beating stopped.
It was at that point he pissed himself or rather pissed and dribbled over his clothes and it splashed onto my Master’s dress.
I worked myself to my feet some how and turned on the advancing threat. His brother stood there watching.
John stood up and went to an intercom next to the window. He pushed the button and said, “Sherlock, you don’t have to continue. Just say the word and it will stop.”
John paused and took a sip of the cup of tea that was at his elbow, “Did you do as I asked to our two Mafia Mistakes?”
Mycroft shuttered and heard over the audio the sound of a taser being fired and his brother’s screams. The camera went to James who was kneeling with his arms wrapped around John’s knees. He was shaking with was appeared to be a panic attack.
"Oh ta." John thanked him. "I can pinch closed a squidgy artery, god knows. But apparently managing a pair of sticks is beyond my skill." He happily tucked into his meal then, learning and readjusting as he went, quickly getting the hang of it. The hunger and the cold and the stress made the oily, salty, richness of the food absolute heaven.
And then the moment became motion once more. Drawing the bow back, Sherlock brought out bright wailings of more bariolage to pierce the quiet of the room. Contrasting them against dark single strings that played as sinuous as chocolate would against the senses.
"A rock? That represents me?" Another intransigent head tip came from the toying detective as his thumb left his lips with a soft pop. "Oookay. I don't even get a clue, do I?"
So John decided that he would be soft with Sherlock tonight, as soft as Sherlock could stand, because he was something infinitely precious to John and he should be treated as such.
"His cuticles." Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's shrug. "They were shabby. He wouldn't have bought a three-piece suit for that much and not possessed the narcissism to get his nails done. Plus it hadn't been worn long enough to fully smell like him yet."
Arkham was too far away to walk. But Harry had left a torn up mobile her ex-wife had given to her as a present. He called the number Harry'd left on the note for town and offered the grocery stock boy a hundred quid to bring him booze.
When John came downstairs later that morning, fully dressed in his checked shirt, Aran and jeans, Sherlock was hunched over the corner of the main dining room table. There was a littering of little white jewelry boxes piled beside him, a large box that looked to be from eBay by which they seemed to have initially come, and an oblong shadow box frame alongside a packet of gold 18 gauge pins. He'd drug a lamp in from the sitting room to help him see and it was so bright it highlighted the brown in his dark curls.
"No!" John regained himself a little too loudly, holding Sherlock at the threshold. It made Mrs. Hudson jump and involuntarily reach for her hip.
John wanted to continue, but he knew it would make no difference. He conceded by sniffing loudly in aggravation and breaking eye contact first, looking out the tinted window. Mycroft relished his small victory. "I'm here to drop off these." He thrust a thick manila folder towards John, gauging his reaction to them in the calculating Holmes' way.
"It certainly could be a possibility," Sherlock said brightly, as if John had suddenly caught on, "only the night shall tell."
John came awake with a sharp inhale. His neck protesting as he went to right it. He had fallen asleep in his chair with his medical journal spread open against his chest, his head cradled on his shoulder.
John had not had protein since his knighting ceremony and his stomach ached suddenly with anticipation.
And so John kissed him, pouring all the love he had into those soft rouged lips and was pleased to find the same love flow back in return.
"You've no idea what you look like. Do you?" Sherlock asked, still feeling his heart pounding in his chest from their chaste kiss.
The man was tall and broad, with large dark eyes and a pleasant face. His brown hair was very curly, cropped short and crowning the mere top of his head. His white dress shirt was unbuttoned to the middle of his sternum, exposing a rich V of hairless tanned chest. His black-trousered knees bumped the bar as he clapped his Italian leather boots on the stool's bottom rung, obviously staying whichever John's response might have been. He reached a large hand across his body and shook John's, introducing himself. "Miles."
Sherlock kept trying to catch John's eye, but the doctor refused to look at him. "Aren't you going to ask me where I was?"
The office they were led to was the typical sea foam green of a procedural room. Complete with a countertop, equipment storage, a small desk with a rolling chair, a tall, lush fern in the corner, and multiple framed posters of the human mouth stationed intermittently about to break up the monotony of the walls. John's chair faced out a large picture window, looking out over Chiswick High Road.
Knowing that he would keep at it if allowed, John rewound their talk. "So, going back to what I said. I think /I've/ figured out why you were acting like such an arse."
/And you brought such utter clarity to my life again./ John said with his eyes, because it felt far too damning to let his mouth say it aloud, but he could tell that Sherlock heard him all the same.
"Like that's ever been an issue...just, could you please tell me what it involves before you--hey!" He involuntarily bucked as Sherlock shoved his face into the sweet dip where John's thigh met his arse cheek. Unable to reign himself back any longer. The savory sweet corollary aroma made him want to sink his teeth into John's flesh and bite down. He sought to be the first explorer into this virgin ground. Terra ignota for the taking.
"I needed to determine the powder's effects on the body and being the only willing subject available there was really no other way to test it." Sherlock blinked, trying to ignore the fact that this intention should have been entirely obvious, but John's obvious  displeasure at the very idea of it was clearly getting in the way of his common sense.
There is a sharp inhale, a barely audible gasp from the Queen Mother, but in a room so steeped in silence it was tantamount to a scream.
When the door to the backroom opened, Sherlock went stiff as a post and John's throat went dry. For a second, the only sound in the room was the magazine sliding off Sherlock's lap and hitting the floor with a smack. But the dental assistant exiting simply tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and smiled cordially at them, walking right by to murmur quietly to the receptionist.
Somewhere around eleven thirty the LED had finally faded out and John resigned himself to simply shutting the sliding doors to the kitchen to save time. Sherlock had gotten dressed in one of his dark, trim suits and had collapsed on the couch with his violin across his narrow chest.
John's head lolls back with the motion of walking and something about being physically manhandled out of a dark garage and suddenly into the most opulent hallway he's ever seen through a secret door that's hidden behind a twelve foot portrait is more than a bit discombobulating. Even if he had been sober.
From this height, Baker Town looked as though it had been built for insects. A scattering of little white boxes with dark slashes of roads in between. The East and West Lower Rivers, which ran along its borders, snaked off lazily into the horizon.
He is left gasping, trying to pull in desperate mouthfuls of expensive suit while his skeleton sings with pain. He can't pick up his head no matter how hard he tries and he can't shift his body away from the body he's lying on, which makes the darkness behind his eyelids sparkle with panic. He fights fiercely to get his arms free, but they are trapped and he is /trapped/ and he can't   b r e a t h e   OHGOD! he  CAN'T BREATHE   there's something ON HIS FACE HECAN'TBREA--
John ate and drank by barely lifting his head, but felt marginally better once he was finished. Good enough to follow William out the door at least.
Sherlock smoothed down the lines of his trousers. "Not important. The question you should be asking is why I had them made in the first place." He answered for the good doctor without waiting. "Security purposes, John. If you're going to insist on sticking around, you should at least have your own fake ID to assist me."
He smiled to himself, extraordinarily pleased when the small fruit gave a little pop between his unrelenting teeth and burst apart in a wash of tart juice. He imagined it to be a fraction as sweet as the taste of Sherlock's eventual breaking beneath his hand.
He sipped at his poncy drink as he let his eyes casually roam the other side of the lounge behind him through the bar's mirrored wall, half hoping the long dark figure he'd left standing in the throng would just magically materialize behind him like he seemed so often to do. Most preferably in fast pursuit of someone John could take out his aggression on, if he were to be truly honest.
The High Steward saw John looking over the food and stopped before him again, leaning down in a way that was meant to intimidate. "Given early evidence, it appears that your presence may prove to be of some value after all, Captain." His tone seemed slightly surprised by this, though his skeletal face was inscrutable. "I do hope you will do everything in your power not to spoil it."
Little did Charles know that Sherlock did think about it. Always and in vivid detail. How could he not? It was the only thing that kept him from ruin.
Sherlock was hunkered by the side nearest the door, apparently having snuck in at some point and grabbed a new wardrobe from his closet, because he was looking aggravatingly impeccable for four thirty in the morning. For as gangly as he seemed, Sherlock moved with incredible silence.
Mycroft's shoulders had dropped the tiniest fraction at that point, but his face remained the same solemn scowl. "It is far too late to undo what has been done, brother mine. Reversing the decision now will only call into question the integrity of our name. You shall have to wait for my return. Whenever that should be." He had turned his eyes away now to the far wall, unable watch his brother tremble so. "Sally? Please escort Prince Sherlock back to his bed chamber. See that he is put to bed."
Eventually we found a rather large hollow tree that we hid in hoping that our pursuers might pass us by.
I climbed up on the table and carefully balanced myself as I slowly worked myself onto his cock. As I bottomed out, he placed his hands on my hips and said, “Move.”
Seb turned his head to look at Jim and found his hair yanked hard pulling him back to John’s gaze, “do YOU think they are lovers? You do know how much I enjoy repeating myself.”
Once in the back yard which was fenced with no obvious exit, Sherlock took the leash off the collar and stepped back.
I followed him through the maze of the temple and found myself in a small garden. Holmes was lying on a long stone plinth that had ornate hooks on each corner. His hands and feet had been tied to each of the hooks. He had a blindfold on. The injuries that had inflicted upon him seemed be almost glowing. They had shaved his head and all his body hair. I saw new evidence of trauma there. It seems to be several vicious looking burns on his skull. Delek was whispering to Holmes as he placed his hands on various places of Holmes’ body.
I had already put on his formal clothes and the mask. Our hair color was close enough that unless you really looked, you would not be able to tell there had been a switch. I had shaved to match his moustache and beard
There was another sharp tug of the hair, “Get out of your head. Talk to me. I know you are worried about the wager. But you have to TELL me why you are so scared of this task. I have honestly given you harder.”
I nodded and knelt in front of the man. I took just the tip into my mouth and used my tongue to taste him. I could feel his cock jump at my touch. Then I slowly fellated him using all the tricks I had been taught. At some point he had snapped his fingers I could feel hands shifting my trousers and removing my rather hard cock from its confinement. I could feel lips upon my cock and I moan letting the sound travel down the chief’s cock. It didn’t take much longer before he came and I came.
I felt his fingers slick from some form of oil teasing just outside my pucker. I took my hands and spread my ass cheeks giving him better access to his goal.
I saw the look of concern and anger in his eyes so I quickly said, “I gave it to him for safe keeping. I saw no reason to have it around since you were not here for me to need it.”
He stepped aside and I saw Moran enter with his right arm in a sling and right behind him was Moriarty dressed as a proper English woman and being dragged on a leash behind her was Sherlock.
Mycroft did me the kindness of sharing anything that he received about Sherlock’s whereabouts. We knew we were practically the only people we could talk to about this subject and out of that and our love of Sherlock came a friendship I never expected.
I awoke to a mouth on my rapidly hardening cock. I just lay back and let him do what he wanted to me.
Mycroft turned around and really looked at the man who had met him at the door and took his coat and had just served him his meal. As the realization set in of who he was looking at, his expression changed and he looked poleaxed.
“In a monastery in the mountains of Tibet Mr. Holmes,” said Yama as he ended the room “How you got here is Dr. Watson’s place to tell you. You have a loyal servant in that one.”
John didn’t think he could move after that. He felt totally spent. He closed his eyes to regroup and felt Sherlock cuming all over him again.
“Your task is to make our Tiger come by beating his ass into submission. If you come first, then you have to pay the forfeit.”
“Why did you take me? Master told me that you were obsessed with me. That you coveted me but you were dangerous and a very bad man who would do horrible things to me.”
Wilson said, “I was afraid that might happen. John you were in a fugue state at the time. I don’t think you were thinking much of anything but ending whatever hell you had descended into.”
I sank between his legs and placed my hand gently on his groin. I took my other hand and started gently tickling his balls.
I kept quiet knowing that anything I said would not go well. I had seen unhinged people like Moriarty before.
He went to his index and pulled out a book. He ran his finger down a list then pulled out his book of British peerage and flipped to a page and pointed to a name.
I had been helping Lestrade on a case involving multiple poisonings that did not seem to be connected. Most of the persons poisoned held various positions within Her Majesty’s government and had ties with the foreign office. Worries were that someone was trying to destabilize the British Empire. Mycroft had insisted that I give the case my time and energy.
John woke up and propped his head on his hand, “Hi there.” He leaned over and kissed Greg on the mouth with gentle pressure.
“I remember pain. Pain in my head. Pain in my body. Pain in my genitals. I keep asking what I could do to stop the pain but the pain didn't ever seem to stop. The buzzing sound right before the pain and then the touch and the explosion.”
“Oh Watson,” came that liquid voice that went straight to my member which seemed to engorge even more.
“He’s not immune to the sensation. Tiger I want you to untie the Doctor and hang him up by his thumbs. I want to play.”
“Drugs,” I said playing that I was trying to fight through something in my system. I had watched Holmes in this condition enough I figured I could fool him.
John relaxed his body knowing the blow was coming. Most of the damage came from the impact so if he went with it, it might not hurt as much.
“Mr. Holmes, my father knew who you were the first time he set eyes on you. He told me how he was planning to use you to break your older brother and thus break the Marketplace through him. Don’t try to deny who or what you are to me. I do not sanction what my father was trying to do. However I cannot have you here. I will send you back to Moriarty and you may complete whatever you are trying to do.”
“Sir,” she said to Sherlock, “My husband has sent me to help in any way that I can. He would like to know if there has been any progress in finding our boys.”
I whined a bit because I was so close too. He commanded me to stand up and then took me to the cold pool and tossed me in cooling my ardor immediately.
Considering what is going to happen next in Holmes' narrative, I thought I would give the boys a moment to breath as well as you dear reader.
“Would Sir like me to perform oral sex on him?” The voice was throaty but pitched high to sound like a parody of a woman’s voice.
I was trusted up like a deer and carried back to the castle only to be tossed in a very cold room and left there. I managed to work myself out of my bonds and was about to give a go at the door lock when I heard a key being turned and found myself looking at Moran along with three of my fellow slaves.
“You are very lucky and owe Jimmy one hell of a blow job. He talked me out of your original punishment.”
This chapter has been worked on since I posted the other one and until today did I feel comfortable putting it out there.
I then realized that he was trying to fight back tears. I unwrapped myself and took him into my arms.
It was whispered that when they found the Count and his wife that his cock had been cut off and sew onto her and they were found buried in an embrace with his cock up his own ass. There were other stories of what had been done to the servants who were killed and the wounds that were found on the bodies.
“This is your pee break. I assume you need to go considering the amount of time it has been since you last went.”
Later he had come to my surgery trying to get me to buy some books from him. I turned around to see where he was pointing only to turn around and see my Master standing in front of me.
Sherlock took him over to a very strong dog cage and put Toby inside it. As an after though he tossed a soft blanket in as well.
Sherlock managed to get John to roll over ass up and head down. He removed the anal plug and John felt the slick rolling out of him. He was disgusted and aroused all at the same time.
I looked very carefully at the woman in front of me and the hand they extended. It took me a bit to sort out whether I was looking at a woman or a man. The hand was soft and well manicured. The face had no beard shadow but a hint of a moustache however no more than I had seen in my female patients over the years. She was wearing a high collar, which did not allow me to examine whether she had an Adam’s apple. There was just something about her that didn’t sit right with my eye.
He took his Pet’s lead and positioned his cock right outside the Tiger’s pucker so both men could feel each other but there was no insertion yet. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his hard on. He knelt behind his Pet and pushed in. As he pushed in, his Pet pushed into his Tiger. He then fucked his Pet as his Pet fucked his Tiger as his Tiger deep throated his Boy.
The solution came by accident. When we were sleeping the wool blanket fell over my hand and I awoke itching and a severe rash on my hand as my body objected to the rough wool blanket that I had sleep on.
He shook his head, “No Mary, you are anything but. I just…I just can’t…perform the way you both wish me to.”
Then he felt a hand on his cock. Rubbing and pulling as he was being reamed. He tried to hold back but the more friction the harder it was to keep that feeling in his belly from exploding.
He removed the gag and the blindfold and grabbed the man’s head forcing him to look at his Master, “Do you understand?”
“How?” I asked, “Why are they at Eton? They are only 11 years old. 13 Holmes, you told me that they would be going to Eton at 13.”
I hoped that my funeral was nice but that was not my focus. I had to find out where Sherlock was now and rescue him from that mad woman.
He placed one finger in and quickly followed it with two then three. I moaned my pleasure for his ears to hear.
The only sound in the room was the crackle of the fire and the pants of breath and occasional moans from the bound man in front of me.
I looked at him carefully and said, “What do you want Mycroft? You don’t own me. My contract is with Sherlock. Mary’s contract is with Lady Forrester alone.”
“This is how it is going to be. I am taking you and my master with me. If your people try anything, your life is forfeit. Understand that I have nothing left to lose so killing us would not deter me from making sure you go first. Also understand that I have no qualms about killing you slowly and painfully and sending pieces back to prove I still have you.”
I packed up the case and started to untie Sherlock. He started fighting me on it. I could hear through the gag him saying the word ‘No’ over and over in a panic.
I remembered the case that I had picked up. I went to my saddlebag and found the vials and the needle. There were instructions in the lid as to the dosage and timing of the shots and the order of them. I still had no idea what was in the vials but I could see that Holmes was suffering badly and out in the middle of nowhere was not the place to start his withdrawal. I pulled the dose into the needle and injected Holmes carefully hoping that this wasn’t a trick and I didn’t just kill him.
“Aw did I make you drop that? Why don’t you bend over and pick that up and show me your pretty firm ass?” came a voice that I did not recognize. I was spun around and slammed into the wall. I recognized the person as Lord Simion. He was the third son of a minor Lord in the royal line and was a well know neer-do-well. He had three broken engagements and one wife that died under mysterious circumstance to his name. His face was red from drink. His hair was unkempt and greasy. His clothes were very worn. Time had not been kind to him or his visage.
Yama nodded, “That may be the case. Either way, this version of his personality is dangerous. He presents a hazard to himself and us.”
“Good more fun this way,” he said with a chuckle. I heard the sound of the thin cane whistling through the air right before it cracked across my backside. I felt the hot lash of the wood’s contact with my skin. One strike became two and two became four and somewhere in the midst of beating I lost count.
I found myself falling into a routine in the house. During the day I would work with his twin sons Hans and Fritz on their studies. At night I was used by the Baron in whatever manner he wanted. On many weekends I would find myself being used by the Baron and others as a test subject.
We were in Krasnoyarsk at the home of one of the leading businessmen in the area. He worked very hard to make his manor to look as European as possible. He spoke English rather well and we had discussions about various topics while I was there.
I asked him about the woman that was with Moriarty in Russia. I describe what I had seen to Moran right before I passed out.
He lay down on the table and I proceeded to massage his long frame paying special attention to various knots and muscle groups that seemed tight. It also gave me a good long look at the damage that had been inflicted on him and it was not pretty. Many of the wounds and bruises were mostly healed but I could see scars where the corset had dug into his body and other scars some of which I knew what instrument had been used to inflict them and some I had no idea.
“Lord Tackart Senior has not been well for a while. I think this his son behind this considering the gambling debts he has. I also interfered with his illegal activities when I helped Lestrade with that poaching ring a couple of months ago so he has an axe to grind with me as well.”
“I am sorry Watson. I am so sorry. I should release you from your contract considering how I behaved. I am not worthy of owning you.”
“You will be asked to do things that you find pointless but yours is not to question why but to do the task given to you to the best of your abilities.”
We heard the key in the lock and scampered over to the far side of the room. We blinking like owls from the light streaming from the room beyond the door.
He looked at me quizzically and I could tell he was analyzing me trying to figure out what was being said.
I froze. The only sound I could hear was my breathing and Holmes moving about the room but I could not figure out what he was doing.
Sherlock’s eyes had gone red. He was in rut. He plunged into John with no regard for the smaller man but John didn’t mind at all.
Two days later we heard thumps and thuds and found the cover of the pit torn off. A rope ladder was dropped and we were ‘rescued’ by a band of bandits who were really the Nawab’s personal guard. We were seen riding out of Rampur being chased by the local constabulary.
Wilson took the other babe and I could see myself in that face. He even had a thick head of my hair.
“Now Mycroft I am sure you have already found out where the boys have been abducted. Let’s start there.”
She inserted the needle at the base of my neck into my spine and I could feel the liquid enter me. I tried to struggle but I could feel my muscles no longer obeying my mind.
I lined up and fired a shot that went straight through his head spattering blood and brain all over Holmes. Moran looked shocked as it happened. I watched the light fade from his eyes and I felt a great feeling of relief.
We were busy with our studies when one of the other boys came with a note for us to attend the Master of the College.
He had just finished putting his tea together when he heard a growl and was tackled from behind. He managed to avoid the kitchen table  and get his hands out in front of him on the way down to the floor.
"These are the rules by which I will hold in accordance this ridiculous notion that Sherlock was ever in need of a new Captain of the Yeomen of the Guards. Have I made myself clear?"
"Which is, if you think about it, TRULY staggering as each jacket alone would require at least eighteen hours' labor to create. Look at this work! They were completely hand-cut with scissors; the chest, lapels, collar, armholes, buttonholes, lining, pockets and sleeves are all sewn by hand. Including everything being hand-pressed.
in case it wasn't obvious, i beat the shit out of Anderson for this. so that should at least be worth something. :} poor little fella.
Obligingly, the High Steward tipped the neck of it to his lips and took a sip, letting it linger on his tongue for a moment before swallowing. "Melancholy." He confessed. "An excess in black bile."
With his hands clasped behind his back, Sherlock went up onto his tiptoes expectantly, waiting for John to react. He was unsure how to read the blank stare that was mooning back at him and then suddenly felt the cold swoop of doubt as he recounted everything he had said.
The wall to John's right as he entered was the only one that was different from the rest. It was soaked in foreign wood from floor to ceiling and boasted a large beautifully carved four-poster bed with its black velvet drapes tied back.
"Yes. But why is she in a list with thirteen other people? They're the only thing written in the book."
"The thought had occurred." Sherlock's light eyes flitted wildly in his head. "The truth remains, however, that we need more data. Our pusher is working quickly and it's doubtful that he's finished in his endeavors. If we're to consider his previous timeline, he'll have another victim either in his possession or chosen for tonight. We need to act quickly in order to catch him unaware."
"Who?" John tried to figure it out, floundering in his disorientation. Then pointed behind them with his thumb, "Miles? No. Not like /that/, no. If that's what you're implying. No, he's straight. We were just ...having a chat."
They turned another aisle and came into the toiletries, having John slide multiple packs of paper towels into the bottom of the trolley. "It's good that you're a doctor dear. You can watch over him and keep him healthy. He trusts you. And I don't think I've ever seen him trust anyone before. Trust is important.
Another piece was tossed at a shorter distance next. The bird waiting, turning its head at him carefully before hopping forward again to grab it. Not moving back this time.
There was the ubiquitous flashing of cameras, the murmur of news reporters offscreen, and the buzz of traffic beneath it all.
Sherlock was immediately crestfallen, aware from John's tone that he'd stepped over a line, but John spoke again before he could. Not wanting to watch the detective writhe too much. "But you /are/ right about me not having been with a man before or after. And maybe about everything else, I haven't ever thought about it really. But you're definitely NOT right about...I-- 'convenience' is the wrong word. It wasn't like that...It was--"
"Your pursuit of exotic cuisine has betrayed you, Angela. So tell me, you're a woman of the world, have you heard of a disease called 'kuru'?"
"Stop talking then. Losing all your hot air's not doing you any good." He debated the warming IV again in his head, finding it easy to ignore the scowl he recieved, as it was somewhat lessened by the racking tremors coursing through the great wet git. "It'll be a bloody miracle you don't get sick from this."
"DENTIST? Oh that's a bloody /fine/ coincidence! What the hell Sherlock! You trying to take the Mickey out of me?" Lestrade realized quickly what was happening. He knew he was stuck here to meet the incoming forensics team, and knowing that Sherlock knew that as well, made it all the less palatable. Sherlock was going freelance and there was nothing he could do to stop him. "If you've got a lead I need to know it! You can't just swan off! Sherlock! You're suppose to be helping me!"
"Oh. You took a bit." Molly said as she turned finally to put the weights away. She blinked confusedly between the two awkwardly staring men. "I hope everything's alright."
"Are you okay?" Molly asked as well, her face taking on the same look with her hand rising towards him.
Since John didn't drive, he found that his fake card looked identical to the military identification card he carried with him in his wallet and if he hadn't known damn well that it was currently tucked away on his person, he could have sworn this had been it. It was a replica made so well that it even bore the identical stagnantly smiling visage of John pre-Afghanistan that he currently had on his real one. The only difference was that in place of 'WATSON, JOHN H.', it read: 'BURKE, DAVID P.'.
As he finished describing all of his pertinent findings, Sherlock took up the gauntlet. "Alright Anderson, we've learned all we can from a /qualified/ professional's observations. Perhaps you'd like to share your details of the small part you played. You were the officer to take the call. Tell us precisely about how the head was found."
It was almost an hour later that Sherlock began to stir to life again. There was a sharp intake of breath, followed by the subtle shifting of his shoulders and he came back into himself in an instant, spinning around on his heel.
When Sherlock grumpily drained the first one, he was pressured to eat a second and third, until he claimed he was feeling nauseous with fullness and no longer trying to shiver out of his skin. He went to open his mouth again, but John cut him off at the pass. "Pass me over the heat packs and get dressed. Then tell me what you were going to say."
He and the oxen had been working on their three fields all morning. The first field having already been ploughed, sown with flax, and harrowed so that come Summer the little white flowers would bloom so numerously it would look as though snow had fallen once more.
John sat up, letting the down covers fall back. He looked at his watch, then to the detective in turn, unable to open more than one eye at a time.
"That would be fine." John said, too desperate to care otherwise. He pressed all three gold sovereigns into her palm and watched her eyes go wide. The fresh pig's blood she hadn't managed to clean off burned his frozen hands as if it were on fire.
But the High Steward did not mind that Sherlock felt this way about him. In fact, he loved it. The fiery hatred that the Prince reserved only for him would always be far better than the gaunt and silent ghost that had haunted these rooms and had tried to die languishing under his watch but a few months ago.
"You thought you'd stick your nose into your brother's business because somehow you think it's /your/ business too? Isn't that what you mean?" John growled.
Even with his tunnel vision, John knows that he should recognize her. Her face is so familiar it's as though he's seen it countless times before. The answer's just there on his periphery like a mote he can't quite see straight on and as he slogs through all the names and faces of the older women he's known in his life, he realizes that he can hardly come up with more than a handful. Which should make this all the easier, but it doesn't.
"Uh, yeah. A big one actually." Realizing suddenly as to what he'd just said; John had the good sense to be insulted. "And just so we're clear, I didn't /actually/ go around rogering the entire company like a complete slag just to get my rocks off with blokes, yeah? But ta for that."
"You know you have made that impossible." Sherlock bit out from between his teeth. He had not heard from his brother directly in the four years since he had been incarcerated here. Cut off from all of the world he once knew. Only allowed out on very exceptional occasions and only to the Throne Room where he was to serve his royal duty to witness ceremonies. And always under the constant vigilance of the High Steward's armed guards.
"He's recently been left by his fourth wife..." Sherlock was mumbling under his breath, stroking his chin introspectively  as he looked intently at the man.
"Uh-huh. Tilt." John went about his work, pulling on nitrile gloves and manipulating Sherlock's head as if it were on a convenient swivel, tipping it onto his freshly papered shoulder. The old bandaging came off easily, completely saturated with blood and John did his best cleaning it with sterilized wipes. It took some manic rubbing to get it out of his hair.
the location of the headless body was originally suppose to have been Littlebrook Pier. because the pictures of it I found online looked PERFECT as a location. however, later I realized that when I went to find it on a map (which I should have done in the first place) it was way the hell outside of London and not in a good spot for my story so we're just gonna pretend that Battersea Bridge has the same kind of access to the river. mkay? next time i'll research better.
"Absolutely. If you'll just give us a moment, Ygritte will catch me up on everything and we'll get started." And with that, he and Ygritte disappeared out the door to talk.
"Thusly, I considered that the issue was even more deeply engrained than that. One which was on a subconscious level. Which seems to be the most likely reason so far.
"It's impossible," Sherlock said decisively. "Every person in the Kingdom would be on the lookout for us once word got out and my brother employs the best trackers and hunters in the land, they would find us sooner or later. And when we got caught, I'd be locked back up here and you'd be hanged. I couldn't bear that."
He watched John take a tentative drag and dissolve quickly into a bout of bronchial coughing. John handed it back to the grinning man, thumping his fist against his chest to get his lungs cleared and make the burning sensation stop.
"Very good, from what I hear." Sherlock corrected, taking another deep drag and blowing it out, before stuffing the filter end in between John's first and second toe, using it as a temporary holder as he pushed himself up from the bed.
"Then what?" He asked aloud to the empty room and his stomach was the only thing that growled an answer. Suddenly he realized just how hungry he was and that he hadn't had anything to eat today but the coffee he'd had this morning. Which made his hunger pang all the harder.
"Perhaps you'll be interested to learn that it's not just any old fish, John." Sherlock handed him his laptop, sharing the information he'd brought up. The page showed a similar picture to the one he'd seen earlier with some descriptive paragraphs off to the side. The little banded red and white fish was swimming against a natural background of bright, thick limbed sea stars and purple rocks. "/Centropyge boylei/ or more commonly known as the 'Peppermint Angelfish'.  It's found in the steep seaward reefs of the South Pacific at depths of fifty-five to one hundred and twenty meters where it is collected by hand."
My knees gave out at some point and I fell to the ground.  I thought I heard some shouting but I wasn’t sure with the ringing in my ears.
He sighed as he slipped back under. Oh what he had planned for his captors. He figured that by the end they were going to wish that Seb had put a bullet in their heads.
It was all fiction written up by the Holmes’ brothers and myself to keep prying eyes away from the Marketplace and its activities along with our own due to laws in England and other places.
He let those thoughts comfort him as he drifted into sleep knowing that would be the best way not to panic.
He tried to slow his breathing again and sort through what he was going to do to the people who put him in this situation.
The young man went through the doors into the kitchen with the menu. The waiter was nowhere to be seen. Sherlock signaled and the two thugs just walked into the kitchen. Sherlock jumped up and went out the front looking up and down the street.
However part of me knew that all this was due to the torment he underwent to keep Mary and me and the rest of the Marketplace safe.
“You are dead according to the world. You and your companion were unfortune victims of a gas explosion at the warehouse. There was enough DNA evidence there to ID you. No one is looking for you. You have been mourned and buried. I will bring you a snapshot of the lovely headstone they had carved for you. You don’t exist. If you happen to die, then I promise you I will put you under that headstone.”
I took the lead of my fellow party goers and went around the room examining each of the displays. I didn’t see Holmes much to my dismay. I heard the occasional slap of hand on skin followed by an admonishment to wait until it was time to start.
“As in the real Mafia Seb,” she said handing the papers to Sherlock, “Apparently something went missing and they want Sherlock to find it for them before time runs out.”
“It is in his choice of slaves that he has created the greatest brain trust the world has ever seen. And I just thought he was picky.”
John was torn between being upset that he was being treated like an infant and enjoying the sensation of someone else taking care of him.
Holmes was one of the last ones standing until the woman came in again with her manservant. He removed the sales collar and replaced it was one of finest leather. Holmes was allowed to dress and say his good-byes to us.
Sherlock checked the lock on the cage and turned off the lights leaving Toby in total darkness. He could swear he heard a whimper as he left.
I took strange comfort in those orders. I also noted that Mycroft’s handwriting looked a lot like Sherlock’s”
Eventually he surrendered to his biological imperative and found that it was three days later and his ass was very sore from the pounding.
Mycroft looked the worst I think I had ever seen him. His color was horrible. He looked like he was about to pass out but there was that Holmes nervous energy about him.
Moran ran through a set of commands. I heard the sound of whips coming down on the backs of my fellow slaves who were not fast enough. I was spared any correction.
We could read through the code and knew that the meeting had been moved to the baths. Strategically it was a good move. No weapons could be brought in the conversation. But it was not such good news to me. If Moran was there, he knew about the mark on my shoulder he had made with his gun.
“You know the rules my dear. And I know you have also broken them more than once. On the other occasions, your forfeit was paid by the slave that you violated because they had allowed you to do as you will. Johan is a good slave. He followed his Master’s orders. So left or right?”
John dressed in a fresh set of clothes and went into the living room to find that Greg had put everything out and made him a plate of his favorite Thai foods.
We waited and waited. And just about the point that I think he was giving up for the night, we heard the sound of uneven footsteps up the stairs. Holmes motioned me stay back. We were pressed up against the wall when I saw a figure lurch into the room.
He felt his master’s fingers run through his hair and snag pulling his head back to meet his master’s eyes.
The knife came off his throat as the man moved back in front of the light to where the other man had been filming them.
“I would kill you in my anger which would not do either of us any good. Consider this our parting of ways. I do not wish to see or hear from you or your Master ever again. You will come to the funeral but will say nothing. You will not go to the burial which will be on my property. Do we understand each other?”
The next morning I did not look human according to my brother. The reaction was all over my body. My brother helped me into my trousers but left my chest bare. My face was so swollen that I could barely see but I could see which was good. We heard the footsteps desending the staircase.
“How? How am I doing that? I am his abject slave in all things. If he wants me to go, let him tell me himself.”
Once darkness started to set in, Holmes called a halt and we found an inn to stay at. I had packed us both rucksacks with what we needed for the night and might stretch it for a couple of days if we were kind to our clothes.
Mycroft seemed to deflate and started sobbing. Sherlock took him in his arms and let him weep and cry his fears and anguish.
“Time to do your business,” said Sherlock picking up the dog leash that was hanging on a peg near the cage, “then you get breakfast if you are good.”
I took the hand and shook it with the gravitas to which he had offered it to me. James followed his brother out with their governess.
Mycroft made sure that the press got wind of a story that Sherlock was very ill having contracted a fever during his last case and I was taking care of him. Because of the unknown fever, we were isolating ourselves from the rest of the world. Mrs. Hudson would bring up meals and leave them outside our door.
The trial was swift and went the way I expected. What I did not expect was to see Moriarty again dressed as a woman with a tall veiled woman sitting next to her. I knew it was Holmes but did not let any emotion show on my face.
It was if a light dawn and he said, “Shirley, you saw Shirley. Jim’s personal slave. Jim is the only one that gets to touch her. If you try, you will find yourself missing a hand or something more important.”
I did as ordered wondering what he was going to do to me. My mind was a tumble as I walked into the bedroom to find Holmes naked in the bed awaiting me.
After our nap, I felt quite refreshed. I helped Holmes dress and he allowed me to pull on my undergarments and fresh trousers before following him downstairs to find that dinner had been laid out for us. We ate and talked about this and that. It was a comfortable conversation.
I checked the wounds that Moriarty had inflicted on him and they were shallow enough that they had mostly stopped bleeding. I ripped a sheet and made a bandage. I torn the sheet further and made a breechclout for each of us.
We pooled what little money we had to get a ploughman’s lunch at the local pub and scurried back to the woods to eat and assess where we were.
Jim looked at Mycroft with such fear in his eyes but there was something else that told Mycroft that this was an act and Jim knew how to push John’s buttons. Then he saw John look at Jim and a dark look crossed his face. He grabbed Jim by the hair and tugged hard, “Don’t screw with me Jimmy. You know better.”
John sighed and stretched his legs. He hadn’t realized how much he enjoyed the ability to just move in any direction he wanted. Sherlock was kneeling next to him awaiting a command.
The meal was tasty. We ate it and drank some water from the jar they gave us after Will tasted it and declared the water fine for drinking. We put the dishes near the door and kept the jar over by us. Will used the bucket we had for our business and I followed. I put the bucket next to the dishes and went back to the straw pallet on the other wall.
A man in red robes came around with a bowl of water and a sponge and pulled back the sheet. He processed to wash Holmes with cool water. Sherlock sluggishly tried to move away from him but couldn’t.
My arms were released as were my feet and I almost fell to the floor when I was caught and led over to a cot. My backside was tended to almost lovingly. I lay there just enjoying the silence in the room and in my head.
“No,” said Delek, “He only thought he knew. Now he has been a slave and, in some ways, much more a slave that you have ever been. His slavery was not by choice or conscious decision as is your servitude but inflicted and enforced on him by methods that are too evil to mention. They broke his spirit, his mind along with his body. Can you say the same of your service to him?”
“Mr. Holmes,” said Lorna, “My master wishes me….” she paused for a minute, “Mycroft wishes to tell you that he has not received any more demands and he was made discreet inquires trying to find you some thread to follow.”
“You have a life outside of Holmes’ orbit John Watson, you just refuse to see it. If you truly serve your master, you will leave him with us until he is ready.”
That was easier said than done. Hidal’s slaves were loyal to him and I could not fault them for that but a number of them were getting nervous about Moriarty’s presence in the compound and since he had gotten Moran back, he was even more unhinged.
I stood and drank in the visual of the man on his knees with his hands tied behind his back and then attached to the ropes around his legs. A rope harness left his sensitive nipples out for easy play. And the ropes were a lovely red color contrasting with Watson’s skin making him a work of art. There was a red silk scarf wrapped around his head as a blindfold.
I ran to hug Doctor Watson. He seemed startled but returned the hug very lovingly. William joined me in hugging the man trying to let him know that it was all right. Every thing would be fine.
After Sherlock’s knot released John, the two men got dressed and hurried back to Baker Street for the rest of John’s heat.
He didn’t pull away. He stood there and stroked my hair like he had done so many times in the past in Baker Street after he had punished me. It was still comforting.
Moran kept a close eye on me the entire time but at one point I did try to escape only to become part of the entertainment as I was hunted down like an animal by the guests at the castle. They took their time calling the dogs off of me and used their whips and crops to continue their fun. By the end of it, I was practically naked with only shreds of cloth around my body.
Sherlock pulled his phone out of his other pocket and dialed, “Seb, pick me up in the usual place. We have to save John and I know where we need to go.
“James is very artistic. He is the quieter of the two,” said Mycroft with a touch of pride in his voice, “William takes after his father in so many ways.”
He felt a hand thread its way through his curls and pulled hard forcing his head to look up at his Master.
Then he noticed a sensation in his lap. He looked down as much as the head harness would allow and saw Jim between his legs grabbing his cock and playing with it. He looked at John who had a cold unfeeling smile on his face as he watched Jim and Mycroft. Mycroft tried not to think about what was happening to his body. Tried to disassociate from it but Jim was not making it easy. Once he felt Jim’s mouth on his cock, he knew that soon he would be undone. He had to listen to the sounds of his brother being tortured while this was going on. He tried not to move his hips but the sensation became too much. He tried to think of Queen and Country anything but it was for not. He came with a cry spurting down Jim’s throat.
Mrs. Hudson gathered up his soiled clothing and the basin with the fouled towels and bloody water and heading down the backstairs. The maid let Lestrade in with two other officers behind him.
“We are going to have a conversation or rather you are going to listen very carefully to what I am telling you,” said John.
She laughed at me. I pushed the knife into the skin slowly so she would know I was not playing around.
I lay down on the bed next to Sherlock and tried to work out what I should do next when I felt a hand on my member lightly stroking it.
Once I was done with his back, he rolled over and I started working on his front. His member was at attention again.
He stepped into his dressing room and found his master leaning against the wall with his arms folded. He dropped to his knees in front of him.
He sighed. Had he put a challenge that his pet could not win? Jimmy was very clever and Sherlock is correct that he had never done this before.
I spent sometime gathering information about the room I was in when I heard a door open behind me. I assumed that the creak of the hinge was on purpose to add to the tension in the room and the subject within.
We were hauled off to jail again with much ceremony and rotten produce tossed at us. We shouted our innocence and that we were being unjustly punished. That Moran was the criminal not us! That just goaded the crowd to throw harder and shout back to us all kinds of slurs and insults.
It was to be a masked ball and the participants had their masks delivered to their rooms in the hotel we were at.
“Moriarty is getting ready to leave. Apparently he is going to go find out what happened to Moran who is a week over due for return. Apparently the men he sent to get him information didn’t return either.”
“You wanted to know what you can do for us. Leave Holmes here. He will be cared for until he is ready to leave.”
Sherlock looked in horror and was about to jump himself when I grabbed him and wrestled him to the ground. I knocked him out and slung him over my shoulders.
“I am sure that you succeeded escaping,” I said, “it was eluding further capture that you failed at.”
I looked at Winston and quickly gathered that he was German, had been in service for a rather long time and, first appearances to the contrary, had been ill-used. I noted various scars and cuts on his body along with his tendency to draw away when I came up to his left. I learned later that he had lost the vision in his left eye after a beating so severe it had put him in the hospital.
“Stop,” he said. He turned the vibrators off so the only sound in the room was the three men panting.
“No doubt whose father is his,” said Mycroft, “he even has that sour look on his face that you have when you are perturbed.”
I was installed as both valet and maid for Moriarty. Each I would help dress in the fashion that they wished to wear that day. The one rule that they seem to have was only one could wear feminine dress. I noticed that one seemed to prefer presenting their female face to the world but it did not mean that the other didn’t do the same.
Ok I have been playing around with this scene for almost a month and decided for the simpler version of it.
More growling and John found his shirt collar being pulled back as Sherlock latched his teeth onto the bond mark.
I turned to Sebastian and said, “You are going to get my horse and two others ready to go. I want supplies along with clothes, the drugs needed for Sherl, and my medical kit back and repacked with extra bandages and the like. We will ride out of here and you will not follow or Moriarty does not survive the day.”
“Someone else? Holmes it is all you. Fragmented or not each piece is a part of you. Some more scary than others. Some very damaged still. But you have been working with Delek and Yama and they feel that you have turned the corner on all this. You haven’t had an incident in over two weeks.”
I looked at the blindfold. It was new. I turned it over to see that the interior was a soft fabric while the exterior was the same brown colour leather as my cuffs.
Toby followed down a short hall with a number of doors to the one at the end. They entered a white tiled room with shower heads and various hoses attached at various points in the room.
I looked over at one point to Lady Forrester who was staring at me with such rage I felt that I could die on the spot. She blamed me for Mary’s condition as well as Sherlock and Mycroft. It was our fault she lost her slave.
I rolled up my other sleeve and slashed my arm again. The pain sang through my body like a missing lover.
John ruffled his pet’s hair and said, “Sherlock, please go sit in your chair. We have something we need to discuss.”
The cart was a total loss and the goods were in not much better shape. Hassan took the ox and went to his master’s house to get help. They returned in about an hour with another cart that they put Aladdin into.
Two men brought in an overstuffed chair and placed it so John could see Sherlock and Mycroft. John sat down and Jim curled up next to his feet.
Moran straightened up and said, “I didn’t miss. I was distracted. I got the target. He was to be collateral damage.”
We walked into the warm room. Holmes removed his towel, placed it on the bench and then sat down with his legs open. I could see that his cock was at more than half-mast.
John stood up and removed the rest of his clothing. He shook his ass at his two mates and then sprinted to the bedroom with the Alphas in hot pursuit.
Janan and I went into town with two of his friends. We worked our way through the markets and the like until we came to a hotel. We were looked upon suspiciously but not asked to leave as Janan was dressed as the tribal prince he was. A man was waiting for us and informed us that the local baths might be a good place for us to go and relax before meeting with his Master.
The chief pointed to his crotch and said, “Mycroft says that you have a magic mouth and I wish to experience this before you leave me.”
“No you jackass! You were suppose to keep as much of me out of it as possible. I don’t need Mr. Bloody Sherlock Holmes identifying me because he saw my ruddy jacket in the shot. Cut it tighter.”
“You are not at fault here. You did as you had been ordered to do. Now I suggest you get some more rest. We have a long day ahead of us and it is the middle of the night. We will watch your Master for you.”
Sherlock got up but he was dragging his left foot behind him like it was injured. His posture was such that it made him smaller as he hunched over. He picked up a cloth and wound it into a breechclout. I handed him his soft trousers but he shook his head ‘no’ and said, “I am not allowed clothing. I have to keep my body ready for anyone who wants to test me.”
We walked into the main square where various farmers and the like had carts set up in an impromptu market.
“Now now,” said John sitting on the edge of the bed and stroking Sherlock’s hair, “I know it hurts but you deserved that for the stunt you pulled. I have some things to attend to but I will join you after that. Rest now. Punishment is over and we will move past this.”
As the world went dark I heard Holmes say in a sing-song voice, “My name is not Holmes, it’s Leslie my dear fool.”
It was a woman tied to the bed moaning and undulating. She was wearing a long white nightgown of good English make. There was a leather hood over her head and I could tell there was also a gag within the hood. Next to the bed was a case with several vials and a couple of syringes. I looked at the hand that had touched my crotch months ago and saw the scar that I need to see to know this was Sherlock. I could also see needle marks on the arm that was partially exposed.
I tried to keep all sound to myself but a groan escaped my lips and I promptly felt a sharp blow against my backside that caused me to loose the plug and the liquid erupted from my bowels.
Mycroft handed the packet to Sherlock, “My group resealed it so you cannot tell that the packet has been opened. That should help you get John back more or less intact.”
Getting out from his end was not happening. He had to depend on others to get him out of this situation.
Sherlock ignored John’s rambling. He knew that this was true and he was going to prove it to both John and the world. He got up on the bed next to John and started to pull on his Alpha sized cock. In short order he came all over John’s body.
I did not expect the opened handed slap that came across my face. My ears were ringing from the blow and I fell to my side.
He grabbed the back of my head with the last thrust and spent himself in my mouth and down my throat.
Toby was enjoying the feeling of the massage on his scalp. If he could have made a noise, it would have been a happy one.
His hand rested on my heart and I could feel his breathing matching my own. He stayed there for a bit and then drew his hand back.
Sherlock took the gag out of John’s mouth. John rubbed his rear again Sherlock’s leg getting his slick all over Sherlock’s pyjamas.
“I highly doubt it since he came by the flat to drop something off for John and was astonished he was not there because he said he would meet him at the flat.”
He didn’t give Toby time to adjust but started dragging him to the door. As Sherlock put his thumb on the pad to unlock the door, Toby righted himself and followed Sherlock to the elevator.
I took myself in hand and came as commanded. He then had me lick up my seed from the very clean floor for which I was grateful.
I need some input if you wouldn't mind. I am debating about how to get to the next section and am trying to see if my audience is engaged or not.
Jim stood up and slapped Jamie, “Not yet! The Baron will be able to tell us when and where he will be of use.”
Each chapter will be an vignette in my version of the Omega-verse and will stand alone but will be within my timeline for the two.
John flexed his wrists against the zip ties trying to figure out how much give he had in them. The blood on his face had dried and it itched like crazy.
He collapsed into the sling glad it was there to support him while his cock was still spasming from the overload of sensations.
Mycroft dropped the phone and put his head in his hands. He was so screwed. He trashed the computer and the drive. He then called his assistant to gather the information that John wanted and cleared his calendar as instructed.
I needed to think. I went down to the stable and had them saddle up the horse that had been Moran’s and rode out of the city into the country to figure out what I was going to do next and how I was going to rescue my Master from the hands of that mad man.
“Are you sure he is ready?” Mycroft asked us at dinner as the servants laid out the various parts of the meal
The inn keeper and his wife turned out to be readers of my missives about Holmes that had been published. They were quite honored to have us in their inn and would not take any money but had us sign their well read copies of the Strand Magazine.
He didn't know how to answer without infuriating the man in front of him. John has called him by his Christian name rather than a nickname.
He went to the observation room for the Interrogation room only to find Donnavon and Anderson watching the Holmes/Watson domestic that was going on in the other room.
It was like he had given Sherlock the best case ever. Sherlock stripped him of his clothes and placed John in the bath. He proceeded to carefully and very lovely wash John from the top of his head to the tip of his toes.
“Shhhhhh,” I said and took his arm in my hands, “You had no choice. They drugged you. They made you an addict.”
Yama said, “Dr. Watson has done you yeoman service Mr. Holmes. He rescued you and brought you to us so that we might help you heal.”
John grabbed Sherlock by the hair and pulled him close, “I believe in you and I won’t leave you alone. No matter what happens next.”
“He was sold to a third party that we can not connect to any of the Marketplace owners and the people who bought him have vanished as well. They were there under aliases. The people they were thought to be were found dead and buried in their villa a week ago.”
I heard the whistle that allowed me to brace myself as his belt hit my back. The crack of the leather on my skin and the explosion of pain almost felt like a religious experience. I did find myself getting rather hard. He beat me at a measured pace until I collapsed a third time.
“Now that we have an understanding,” said John, “I need you to do something for me. I need some files on where the troops are deployed in Afghanistan. I will send you instructions on how to get them to me. Also clear your calendar on Saturday, you are busy.”
What really happened between Holmes and Moriarty and the subsequent consequences will probably never see the light of day. It almost cost one man his mind and another his life but I feel I must chronicle what happened for my own peace of mind or I might go mad myself. Or maybe I already have gone considering the loss and heartache that this part of our history together.
“Thank you sir,” I said as I started to disrobe and tossed my clothing to his underling. I picked up the dirty blanket we had on the pallet we were sleeping on and wrapped it around my waist for some privacy as I finished sheading my clothing.
The Tiger, who, was for all intents and purposes, was John’s Major Domo and all bowed to him as he bowed to John.
Yama and I had long discussions late into the night about what I did know. I told him everything that Moran had told me and used the exact wording that he used. I told him about how I had found Sherlock and what happened when I tried to get him to come with me. Yama could tell that I was getting more frustrated the longer he just lay there.
I let her lead me upstairs to my bedroom. She sat me down on a chair and started to undress me. I tried to help but she slapped my hand away. I let her strip me of my clothes. She sat me on the edge of the bed.
I told her what I told you and she listened carefully. Simion tried to interrupt but found himself being held by Moran with his arm painfully behind his back.
“That’s enough time for you to do what you need to do.” Sherlock stood John up then bend him over at the waist. He wiped John’s butt and then stood him up again.
“We are not asking you to like it. We are asking for your help to make sure that my brother makes it back to us in one piece.”
“No, he left here over 6 hours ago saying he was going home. He said he had a surprise for you and needed to get home to prepare it.”
He leaned forward taking the dildo back into his mouth and sucking on it like it was his master’s hard dick. There were howls of appreciation from the audience.
The blood flowed from the injury and Simion gave a choking gasp before Moran let go and he fell into a heap.
I knew that any children that Mary and I had would be not ours. We might be allowed to raise them if our masters permitted it. The rules were in our marriage contract.
John found himself taking a deep breath as he awoke. He heard the beeps and the like telling him that he was not dead but nor was he in the pink.
Suddenly they vanished until the bodies had been found by the local constable who had gotten complaints about the smells that came wafting down wind. Not only had the owners been found but the bodies of eight other men and women had as well. Mycroft managed to get the names of the slaves and we got the bodies to the families or what remained.
John unzipped his pants and pulled out his rock hard cock, “Since you got me in this state because I allowed you to play with my pet, it is only right you do something to pay me back.”
Time went on. Days turned into weeks. Holmes was in control of himself more often than not. We took up learning the monastery’s fighting technique. It was interesting to me because a number of the moves mirrored what I learned in training but this was so much more elegant. I discovered that I had a knack for stick fighting and, eventually, became the champion of the monastery much to just about everyone’s surprise.
John tried to make a break for it. This was insanity in its highest form. He would like to think that Sherlock was on drugs or something but in his gut he knew that this was coming from another place inside Sherlock’s rather strange head.
“Well this one is not your fault Sherlock other than you are Sherlock Holmes the great detective. Seb, this doesn’t involve you at all either unless John decided that the Mafia needed a dressing down.”
He felt his way around the small space he found himself in. He sorted out that he had a fireman’s oxygen kit supplying him air. He had no idea how much there was in the tank.
“Oh well this is just wonderful! Wait until I tell the missus. I knew that could not be true no matter what was said.”
Camera unzipped John’s pants and pulled out his cock inserting the head into the urinal. John did his business and pretty much filled the bottle. Camera took pains to put John back together. John observed that the man had medical training probably a nurse.
John smiled, climbed on, and started to ride Greg’s cock. Sherlock reached around and stuck his finger in John’s hole then put it near Greg’s lips. Greg opened his mouth and started licking the slick off his finger.
I shook it and noticed a slight tremor in the shake. I looked at his wrists just poking out of his shirt cuffs and noticed scars that seemed to ring them. There was a story there to be told.
It was heavenly as I found myself floating with the pain. The world seemed to expand and contract at the same time.
“First Prince Anatoly and his friends were killed in a carriage accident coming back from a night of carousing and then Prince Sasha was killed in a hunting accident two days later.”
Greg gave a howl of pain and Sherlock leaned over and worried Greg’s bond mark with his teeth. Greg went limp and whimpered.
The crowd was winding up when a gong was heard and everyone’s attention went to the double doors opposite from the doors we entered.
“Doctor Watson, there has been…” his voice trailed off as he saw Holmes sitting in his old seat. “Mr. Holmes?”
John’s legs felt very wobbly and he appreciated Sherlock helping him to the toilet and removing the anal plug.
“Ah Sherlock if I had only known that all I had to do was tie YOU down and torment you. You should see how stiff your cock is. It looks ready to burst. In fact I had better do something about it before you do.”
He looked around the room to see the wreak it had become. There were food tins and wrappers and plates and cups… and how the hell did they get Sherlock’s chair into the bedroom? And what were those new stains?
I took two steps towards and found myself with my hand back to hit her. She sat up properly and awaited the blow.
“One of the stable hands is gone and our math professor has not reported in but he had been off on an errand that might take him a number of days,” said the Head Master.
“I don’t think this is physical Dr. Watson. His eyes react to light the way they should. His brain is just not receiving the information.”
“John, I am not going to lie to you. It was going well but the longer she is in heavy labor, the worse this will become.”
“I am sorry Dr. Watson. I will keep my promise not to ransom you to the English but the reward for your capture was too rich to ignore,” said Prince Harrai.
“Well here is a piece of luck,” he said bending over to pick something up. He passed a bundle of cloth to me.
He uncoiled the whip he held in his hand and snapped it with a loud crack. He stepped back and looked over my shoulder apparently waiting for a signal.
“I know what you did,” came the voice from the pile of cloth on the floor, “I saw it. I know what I did. They will find and discipline us. They will kill you which will be a kindness as to what they are going to do to me.”
Holmes turned to the other two and said, “Well? Watson has asked a perfectly good question. In fact probably the best question I have heard or thought of since this whole matter started.”
I tried to get off the bed in a dignified manner but my body had other ideas and I fell flat hitting all my bruises on the way down and opening up some of my half healed cuts.
“I was thinking of when you took me under your wing and taught me so many lovely ways to get people to worship you as you beat the snot out of them.”
I found tears rolling down my cheeks as I listen to him. I held him and stroked his hair until he fell asleep and I quickly followed him.
“So let me see if I have this correctly Sir. Sherlock was sold to people under false pretenses who have vanished. He was sold again to G-d knows who and is G-d knows where? Do I have that correctly?” I bellowed.
Mary and I settled into the Manor in the south of France. Actually it was the rather roomy caretaker’s cottage because the house was too big for the two of us. Mycroft had sent all the servants away so we could work in secret. We had to take care of the horses in the stable and some of the farm animals that were on the grounds near the Manor.
“His hands have sustained damage before,” I said before relating what had happened to Holmes during the case of the Missing Client.
Sherlock grinned. It had worked. He settled in with his pets. Greg now smelled ‘right’ to Sherlock. Oh the plans he had for them he thought right before he followed them to slumber.
He got up, walked around the large desk, and sat on it in front of me. He looked at me if judging something. I felt like a prize bull being sized up for slaughter.
The party was in full swing and I had gotten off to an alcove to catch my breath as I had been dancing with various ladies all evening. I heard two men talking in English, which got my attention immediately.
She smiled at me and knelt in front of me. She put her hands on my knees and pushed them apart. I obeyed and watched as she reached for my member, which was showing interest. She took me in hand and did a pull and tug with a twist. I hissed through my teeth as I felt all the blood rush to my groin. She was very skillful with her hands but her mouth was a religious experience. As she licked and sucked my cock and balls, I found myself losing control quickly and releasing in her mouth.
Watson, after I left you and Mary that room, I was taken to the hotel where we had rooms. There I was ordered to help the other slaves with the packing and getting ready to depart.
John watched and palmed the growing erection in his pants figuring out what he was going to do with it.
The Lama examined Sherlock from head to toe very carefully. At one point Sherlock stirred up the Lama did something and he went back into a deep sleep.
She let go of my head and walked over to where Winston was kneeling, “You do really want to take his punishment don’t you? Why? Did he suck you off?”
“You know I love you Sherlock. You know you don’t have to do any of this. Just say the word and this will end.”
He proceeded to clinically explain how he was pulling my fingers out of joint. The pain was incredible. But when he showed how to put them back, I passed out.
“Shhhh shhhh, it’s Ok Sherlock. You were amazing and they want to express their appreciation,” John whispered into his ear while stroking Sherlock’s hair.
John flopped down on the couch. He really wanted another cup of tea but he didn’t want to get up and make it. He was trying to convince himself to get up and get one when he heard Sherlock say, “Here.”
