As dusk began to fall, Angel walked over to the window and looked out at the world below. The street lights had come on, and as they shone through the glass they illuminated the darkening apartment, creating an almost ethereal glow. Dean was enraptured as Angel became bathed in light, creating what looked like a halo around his head.
Of course, Cas would be worrying about being pulled in by the cops because of his body modification; that made sense. Dean wasn’t entirely sure how they would get out though, as there were sure to be more police officers outside the building.
Dean knocked on the bathroom door, and called out, “You okay in there? I’ve got some clothes for you.”
Cas nodded and stepped a little closer as he swayed to the beat of the music. “I think you might be right.”
It looked like Cas might be thinking the same thing, but when Dean got out of the car, he followed suit and they made their way inside.
After being sucked into what felt like a vacuum, and swirled around until he didn’t even know which way was up, Sam and his companions came out into a bright white room, shaking uncontrollably. There was no sign of Bobby - he’d only gone and missed this experience - but from the other side of the closed door, he could hear sounds of movement and... something else, and it appeared to be getting closer.
“Whatever you want.” Cas glanced down at the table top, and ran his fingers lightly over the surface, then looked back up and caught Dean’s gaze again.
The woman continued with her frankly tedious explanation, “Captured our females for his own demented purposes-“
When it arrived on his floor, Dean was faced with Gabriel, who was noticeably shorter than Cas, and a teenage girl with golden hair in braids, and a scowl on her face that said 'don't mess with me'.
There was also their dad’s journal, which he’d started and written in regularly after their mom had died when Dean was four - Dean had added the occasional note, too - a few family photographs, and his dad’s ancient collection of cassette tapes. Unlike all the other tapes, the mixtape their dad had made for his wife was one that never got played, even when the old man was still alive, but Dean treasured it as much as the blankets.
What he wanted to do was forget about the food, take Angel into his arms, and give him a thorough demonstration of how much he desired him. But he couldn’t do that… Angel was so vulnerable, and Dean couldn’t be sure that if Angel went with it, it would be for the right reason. Consent was too important to Dean to brush aside so recklessly, so no… it was way too soon for anything like that.
Angel nodded enthusiastically, and Dean had to stop himself from saying something he definitely shouldn’t, like, ‘You’re my kind of guy. Will you marry me?’
By the time they’d calmed down from that fright, and checked the fourth building, Dean was starting to feel disheartened. There were still three more, but he’d been sure they would have found something by now. He wasn’t about to give up, though, despite the disappointment.
It was also nice to know that in this society where almost everything was computerised, creating art was still something only a human could do. Smiling at the thought, Dean began plucking the guitar strings and humming softly to himself.
“Benny’s my oldest friend, and damn good with a needle. He’s gonna come by tomorrow, and when he’s finished, the shirts will look just fine. So go ahead and choose. Okay?” He handed the remote control back to Angel, and watched as he found some plain t-shirts and a couple of button-down shirts.
Crowley scoffed at the notion, saying, “Bobby, he was drunk. Do you really think he was talking about a job?”
When it was ready, Dean brought the food through to the living room, and they sat and ate in a comfortable silence. Of course, Angel was always silent, but Dean was too, for once. While preparing the food, he had come to the decision that he would learn sign language along with Angel. He knew the basics, but that was no longer enough. Learning more would not only enable him to communicate with Angel - that was the hope, anyway - it would also demonstrate to Eileen how much he appreciated her.
There was also his hair, which was kind of wild and untamed, but not in a messy way; more like dramatically windswept. And the wings… when Angel wasn’t consciously trying to hide them, they flared out behind him slightly, and man, were they beautiful. The light from the ceiling reflected off them as they moved, creating a kind of bluish-white glow around him.
Taking hold of Dean’s hand, Angel got to his feet painstakingly slowly, then let go and stood still, as if he was waiting for further instruction.
Angel nodded, and patted Colonel on the head, in a comforting manner, as if the dog didn’t like the light either. It was utterly captivating, and Dean wished there was some way to keep hold of the image forever.
“Leave Sam to me. He’ll understand when he knows the full story.” Eileen gave Dean a soft smile as Angel clung onto him, then she went into the kitchen and closed the door while she spoke to her husband.
It felt even better when Castiel undid Dean’s jeans and slipped his hand inside his underwear, wrapping his long, slender fingers around Dean’s cock.
Dean couldn’t act on the reaction Cas’s display of power had caused here, but he could show him how impressed he was with it. He took hold of Cas’s hand once again and drew him closer, then closed the distance between them for a brief, tender kiss. He would save the passion for when they were alone.
“Just don’t make it too early, okay? Cas still has nightmares.” Dean’s comment brought a frown to Gabriel’s face, but he didn’t remark on it.
"So, what? We've gotta go to the police station and make a statement? And what would they do to Angel when they see him? Perform more surgery on him to remove his wings? Hasn't he suffered enough?" Dean knew he wasn't exactly playing fair with Sam, but surely he could understand why Dean was being so protective.
Dean was astonished at how realistic the whole scenario was, and how everyone played their part. He pointed at Loki’s image, and said to Samandriel, “It’s good,” hoping he was conveying to the man how impressed he was.
Dean slowly sat up, and tried to clear the fog from his mind. How had they managed to get him from the limo to the couch without him waking up? Man, he must have been in a deep sleep.
Sam and Dean, meanwhile, were doing everything they could to get Crowley to come back inside. Sam was conflicted, because a part of him just wanted to tell Dean to go screw himself and leave too, but he was a professional - unlike his brother - and didn’t want to let the fans down.
The female angel carried on, despite Dean’s interruptions. “And wishes to negotiate a surrender. We humbly implore you to come and negotiate the terms.”
Dean could just about make out the faraway voice of Corbett in the background. “Okay, the sequence is two two four two.”
The elevator arrived, and they bundled inside, Angel gripping onto Dean like his mere presence was stopping him from falling to pieces.
The reaction from his brother and friends was underwhelming; in fact, they were staring at him as if he’d completely lost his mind.
Going back inside and pressing the elevator button, Dean was delighted to find that he had much less of a wait than he’d had previously, and this time it didn’t stop at any other floors. When he walked back through the front door he had been gone less than twenty five minutes, which he figured was pretty good going.
If the wicked glint in his eye was any indicator, Loki was completely unmoved. Yet he still asked Dean, “You wish to save the life of this angel?” The last word uttered in disgust.
They carried on walking, and the lingering feeling of disorientation turned to one of relief as they finally reached their destination. The room he was in looked strangely like Robert Salvage’s house, with the multiple phone lines and hundreds of books on lore, creatures and spells. There were yet more cosplayers waiting for him there, and a replica of the battered old sofa in Robert’s living room. A woman standing next to the sofa gestured for him to sit, and he did so, unsure if he should be impressed or disturbed at the lengths these people had gone to to create such a startlingly realistic set.
“For those five seasons, we developed the same affection for the cast as the cast had for each other,” Ash said, pointing at the screen, which was now showing clips of Dean and Sam in character, then Dean and Crowley. “I mean, they weren’t just saving people, hunting things. These were friends... family.”
Hoping Angel could manage okay, Dean went into the kitchen and began preparing something for them to eat. He had no idea what the man liked, so he would have to take a chance and hope for the best. The electronic display on his fridge told him that it held a vacuum pack of chicken breasts, a pack of ground beef, a couple of slices of bacon, half a dozen eggs, a tomato, a bag of salad leaves, a jar of pickles, a carton of milk substitute for his coffee, a bottle of orange juice, and the beers he’d bought earlier.
“Okay, what did I do?” Dean threw up his arms in defeat, as he looked around the room. He was clearly entirely unaware of what he was supposed to have done to warrant the anger being directed towards him.
An unremarkable bar, a little rundown, but generally clean. Dean Smith is sitting next to Sid, the neighbor he befriended shortly after moving in with Lisa, on one of the barstools near the end of the bartop.
Dean felt immense relief when Angel stopped trying to remove his boxers, and he would make sure that Angel got a good wash in that area, even though he was still wearing them.
Loki loomed over the angel with an angel blade in his hand, and growled menacingly. “At every turn, you demonstrate the necessity for your extermination!”
Dean stared dumbfounded, because yeah… it was cute and all, but this was supposed to be an adults night out. As he began to panic that he’d misunderstood the nature of their date, Cas started roaring with laughter and wiping the tears from his eyes.
Anyway, this was not the right time for thinking about aesthetics; it was time for action. He had to get ‘angel guy’ to his apartment before they were seen and arrested. It was obvious the man needed help, not to be treated like some kind of criminal... to be interrogated, or worse. Dean wasn’t generally one for breaking the law, but his gut instinct was telling him to protect the guy from further hurt.
Now that that test had been passed with ease, Angel seemed quite content to continue walking, and each time they encountered another person who paid them no attention, he became noticeably more relaxed. By the time they arrived back at the apartment, they had been walking for the better part of an hour, and Angel’s wings had remained unnoticed. Dean felt refreshed, and it was clear from the radiant glow that Angel was exuding, that he was feeling just as invigorated.
Just as he was about to offer to try performing the spell himself, the door opened and Hannah came into the room. She was carrying something in her hand, and Sam really hoped it was something useful.
When Angel didn’t react, Dean picked up his right hand and placed it on the shirt, making him twist his body awkwardly. He briefly held the hand in place and pressed down; he was trying not to hurt the guy, but he could see in his eyes that this action caused him pain.
“No, but it looks like one of his archangels did. They’re gone - vanished - but there’s blood everywhere. Donna said she saw the dark haired one carrying him away, and he wasn’t moving at all. Obviously Chuck wasn’t as in control of them as he thought.”
Finally, what she was saying registered with Dean, and he responded excitedly, “They want me back? You want me back?”
Angel glared at him and pursed his lips together, in a clear indication that he was not pleased with that suggestion.
Crossing the room and smiling warmly, he extended his hand to the man. “Hey, I’m supposed to be helping out here. Do you… can I help you with anything? Get you a drink… a-” Dean knew he was rambling, but the instant the man turned his eyes on him, he was done for.
Dean moved to stand in front of Angel once more, and shot him one of his most charming smiles. “Now you’re dressed for dinner,” he said with a wink. “It won’t be long. Make yourself comfortable.” He gestured to the sofa, but Angel went to sit in the chair, angling himself to gaze out of the window.
Once he’d brought the bowl out to the living room and set it on the coffee table, he made a quick trip to the bathroom for a washcloth, soap, and towel, then when he returned he slowly got Angel to sit up. Angel had to hold on to Dean’s arm for support, and he looked a little dazed for a few seconds once he was upright, but he sat still and waited for Dean to wash him.
Dean took in a deep breath once they were outside, and Angel did the same. Dean smiled at him again and squeezed his hand, then they set off on their walk. They weren’t going anywhere in particular; it was just a pleasant moonlit stroll.
“If you wrap yourself in the towel, you can take your underwear off and throw it in there,” Dean pointed at the laundry basket. “There are clean boxers and pants in the drawers in the bedroom, and I’ll fix you up with a shirt when I’m finished in here.”
If Dean thought Cas was cold, that was nothing compared to Naomi’s frostiness. There had always been something about her demeanour that made him feel slightly uneasy, but the way she was glaring at him now sent chills down his spine. Maybe she was the violent criminal; Dean wouldn’t be surprised if that turned out to be the case.
? He’d just managed to offend both of them with that outburst, and Dean was about to tear him a new one when Sam interrupted.
Dean thought disparagingly, turning back to her as she opened her mouth and made the strangest noise; one that sounded like static, and made his ears ring.
Dean didn’t want to wait, but he couldn’t exactly rush them on his own, could he? Even if Gabriel was willing, two against god-knows-how-many was a terrible idea
Dean took a good look at him, and it was a fair assessment to say that he looked awful. His face was streaked with tears, his glow was gone, and worst of all, the stunning blue of his eyes had faded.
They all followed him, travelling across a remarkably familiar looking landscape to the earth they’d left behind, and hoped to see again very soon,
Gabriel called his brother’s name too, but Cas showed no reaction to either of them, and Dean’s heart sunk. They were too late…
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean said, turning his attention to Angel’s feet. Unlike the rest of the body parts he had washed, which were mostly smeared with a superficial layer of dirt, his feet were filthy. Dean couldn’t tell if they hadn’t been washed for a long time, or if he’d walked through something nasty, not that it made any difference to what he needed to do, though. Knowing that it would make his task easier, Dean knelt down on the floor, in front of Angel once again, then thoroughly but carefully, washed and dried his feet.
They hadn't heard anything more from Sam regarding Chuck - even Eileen didn't know anything - but thankfully, Cas's family's imminent arrival was a good distraction.
Bobby weighed in then, with a typically gruff and sarcastic, “You guys are breaking my heart. Could we please just get on with it?”
Dean wondered, as he took his computer out of his pocket and said ‘door cam’ into it to see who was there.
Dean padded into his conservatory wearing nothing but his shirt, underwear and socks, clutching a bottle of whiskey in one hand, and a glass in the other. He’d taken his pants off - it wasn’t like anyone was going to see him like this, after all.
It was no good ignoring the call either; if Eileen thought something was wrong it was likely she would turn up at his apartment. That would be infinitely worse, so he swiped his finger across the screen and a holographic image of Eileen appeared in front of him.
Dean would have been quite happy to continue giving him a show, but when he spotted one half of the previously elusive footwear he shifted his position. Oddly, the other shoe didn’t appear to be with this one.
Dean brought the radio to his mouth. “Castiel, meet us in the Hunter Hub.” When there was no reply, he tried again, with a frantic desperation. “Castiel... Castiel! Balthazar!” Still nothing. “Why can't we reach them?” he asked Samandriel.
The man continued talking, “You are our last hope.” Geeks like this, who were role playing their parts and wanted Dean to join in, weren’t normally this pushy, but this guy really wasn’t giving up.
Sitting back down with it, he gave the verbal command “notebook” to the computer, and it pulled up his notes from yesterday. He read through them, reacquainting himself with the most recent song he’d worked on.
Dean had thought about how much information to give Benny, and he'd decided that he should tell him the whole story. After all, he knew he could trust him; he'd proved that on more than one occasion.
“Oh, yes, sir. He's a very bad man indeed. He has tortured some of us, sent others to alternate worlds, never to be seen again,” she explained as she turned him around and got him walking once more in the right direction. Godammit, this place was huge.
Jo clearly hadn’t recognized Ash from his appearances on the show, and Sam and Ash apparently came to this realization at the same time, judging from the look on the guy’s face.
Dean felt the moment the angels’ grace shield took effect; the energy surge that pulsed through Heaven was incredible. On top of that, Sam, Crowley and Bobby had found some great spells to throw at Loki and his henchdicks, including one that would literally stop them in their tracks by immobilizing them. Sam and Bobby had been casting them for about ten minutes when Loki’s ugly mug appeared in front of them in a cloud of green smoke.
“Excuse me, pardon me, cast member coming through,” Ash huffed as he moved through the waiting people. “Fans, right? Hey, Sam,” he said when he finally made it through to the front.
Dean turned back and saw that Crowley was still having enormous trouble walking. Surely his equilibrium would be restored soon? “This is Castiel,” he explained, “he’s their leader.”
“That's... I really appreciate that,” he said, pulling the shoe out and holding it up in the air. “Would you guys look for another shoe that looks like this, please?”
Angel signed ‘yes’, then took out the jeans and shoes and disappeared into the bedroom, leaving Dean waiting for the fashion show. A few minutes later he reappeared, and…
When the morning light started peeking in through the window, Dean was already awake. He’d had a pretty good night’s sleep - even the now-expected nightmare from Angel hadn’t disturbed him for much more than ten minutes - but he’d woken up from an extremely vivid dream involving Angel, and now he had a raging boner.
This convention had been a mixture of both high points and low, Sam mused to himself, but the fans were having fun. Especially the ones surrounding Dean’s spot on his own at the far end of the table, while he entertained them with some ridiculous story, no doubt. Observing them for a few moments, Sam had to admit that Dean’s popularity with the fans was undeniable.
A charged moment seemed to pass between them as their eyes locked, and Dean faltered in his movements for a moment. Despite Angel’s condition - injured, dishevelled, and scared - there was no denying that he was attractive.
Once the convention was over, and Sam was back home and showered, he tried calling Dean. Predictably, he got no answer and was about to try again when his phone rang. The name Crowley flashed on the screen.
The restaurant was cosy but discreet, and Dean and Cas spent a great hour or so eating and chatting. Cas asked Dean about cars, and Dean asked Cas about bees, and it was all very wholesome and pleasant. But now it was time to up the tempo.
"He's only said a couple of words so far," Dean explained. "My guess is, Angel thinks he should learn more signs, in case he struggles to say any more. Or he can't speak again, for whatever reason. Am I right?"
The sand beneath them began shifting and swirling, and Sam suddenly worried that this had been a terrible decision. “Guys. Guys?” he said, wondering if it was too late for them to change their minds.
Angel kissed Dean back, and he was soon climbing on top of Dean and trying to pull his clothes off. But something felt wrong - like Angel was initiating sex to ground himself, instead of it being because he was horny - so Dean broke off the kiss and held his face tenderly.
“Can’t wait to try this,” he said, taking his seat as Angel sat opposite him, and handed Dean a knife and fork.
Overcome with a sense of camaraderie he hadn’t felt in a long time, he joked, “Family don’t end with blood.”
Once again, as if reading Dean’s mind, Cas grabbed his hand and pulled him up the staircase. This led to a fire escape, that took them up past another floor, and eventually out onto the roof.
Ed looked around the room, wondering if he was being pranked, eventually answering the voice with a hesitant, “Hello?”
His dark hair was messy, in a wild, windswept way, (just begging for someone, preferably Dean, to run their hands through it) his lips were plump and pink and looked a little dry but very kissable, and his eyes were the most stunning shade of blue. And then there were his hands; large, with long slender fingers.
“Well, um… thanks.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck as he wondered how inappropriate it would be to take Blue Eyes upstairs and find out what he looked like out of the costume.
“Yeah, yeah. Long live Heaven.” Dean placed his hand on Blue Eyes' shoulder, and gave a gentle squeeze. He pointed in front of him. “This way?”
Speaking of hard… Dean was so turned on, and not just because of what Angel was doing with his mouth. The way he was taking charge was all kinds of hot, and Dean had to admit that this was something he always enjoyed. Being taken care of wasn’t something Dean experienced very often, but the bedroom was the one place he felt comfortable letting that happen.
"I'm gonna get changed in the bedroom after…" Dean started, feeling the need to tell Angel this in case he suddenly got the urge to start exploring the apartment. Sure, it was unlikely, but it could get awkward as hell if one of them walked in on the other when they were naked.
His lips brushed over Dean’s, and Dean sighed contentedly into the kiss as he felt a buzz of electricity at the contact, and sparks rained around them. Or was it the disco lights?
Eileen turned to face him once she was in the living room, asking, "So, are you gonna tell me what's going on?"
“This is for your body,” he said, watching as Angel looked closely at the bottle before opening it and pouring some on his hands.
“You hungry?” he asked as he placed the plates on the dining table, and Angel turned around, eyes widening at the sight of the food.
Angel nodded and saved the game, then went to the bathroom before disappearing into the bedroom. Dean really wished he could join him in there, and it wasn’t just because he missed his mattress.
As Jo tentatively picked up the book and began to recite the words over the correct bowl, Samandriel squealed in excitement. Jo immediately stopped, and she, Sam and Crowley turned to Samandriel as one, to shoot him a look that said ’shut the fuck up’.
Almost as if he’d read Dean’s thoughts, Cas murmured, “It didn’t work. I was too strong; I fought it.”
“Don't look back. Do not look back!” Dean hissed. They were almost at the rift now, and as long as they didn’t falter or get distracted, they should get through it just fine.
was Dean pleased to see him. Paying no attention to the laughter, he rushed over and pulled him into a hug. “Castiel! You did it. Come here.”
Despite the attractiveness of the guy, Dean didn’t really have time for this, and he gave the man a firm, “Excuse me," before sidestepping him.
Balthazar took on the human guise that Crowley was familiar with once more, and jumped down from the ceiling. Strangely, his human vessel seemed to be flickering, as if he wasn’t quite able to sustain it. “I avoided capture by hiding up there. Where is everyone?”
Eileen peered at him, then over at Angel, who was standing in the middle of the living room. “Well, it's about time,” she laughed.
Sadly, the expressions on the faces of Sam, Crowley, and Jo told him that they were unmoved. In contrast, Ash had a sappy grin on his face, as if this was the best thing that had ever happened to him… which it almost certainly was.
“If it was safe… sure. Why not?” Dean nodded at Benny enthusiastically, then turned to Angel. “You could probably do with some fresh air.”
“Excuse me, Dean. Hey!” The young man, who appeared to be their designated spokesperson, said, “I was wondering if you could help settle a dispute that my friend and I seem to be having. If you remember, in season one episode four…”
Once again, Dean was creeped out by how much Chuck knew about him. He wasn’t actually an omnipotent god, so how in the fuck…
Castiel seemed unable to contain his merriment, and he pulled out of the hug, chuckling. “Only half a car, mounted on the back of a trailer. A very clever deception indeed.” He and the rest of the angels laughed raucously again, and Dean smiled fondly at him.
After what felt like hours, Dean broke off the eye contact, and glanced behind him into the room. He didn’t want to look away, but he really should get ready at some point. Dean opened the door wide enough for all his visitors to enter, paying close attention to the way Blue Eyes moved as he walked. “Come on in,” he said, very much liking what he saw.
By the time they’d got themselves in the shower and under the spray, Dean had worked himself up so much with those thoughts, that he felt like he would explode if he didn’t get gratification soon.
“What a freak show, man; this is hilarious,” he started. “Bunch of losers! Begging for autographs at fifty-five bucks a pop. These guys haven't had a real acting job for ten years. This is all they've got. And did you check out Dean Winchester?”
“Eileen’s gonna be here in about fifteen minutes. We’re gonna have to eat quickly.” Dean sat down at the table, and Angel crossed the room to join him.
Softly humming to himself as he worked, Dean shaped the burgers, and peeled and sliced the potatoes. He was about to start cooking when he heard a sound from the kitchen doorway; he looked up to find Angel standing watching him, clutching the shirt in his hand. He was wearing the pants and socks - and presumably the boxers, too - but obviously pulling on the shirt by himself was too hard. He did have a broken arm, after all.
Dean picked Cas up at his apartment at exactly 7 pm, after sitting nervously outside in his Baby for over twenty minutes until it was time for him to knock. Cas opened the door, and Dean was surprised to see that he was wearing the bee costume again.
That didn’t sound good. As Dean wondered what the hell they were going to do, Ed’s voice coming through the angel radio prompted Dean to lift it to his mouth and talk to the young man.
Now that Dean's eyes had adjusted to the light, he could see a cut on the man's leg and a graze on his face. "Oh man, I need to get you to the hospital. C'mon, can you walk?"
He had no idea if Angel was the slightest bit interested in what he was saying, but he was damn proud of his Baby, and… finally, they had reached his floor.
“They designed those lines after watching you,” Dean said, nodding his head to indicate the angels. He really hoped they didn’t fuck this up and give away that they weren’t really hunters; he didn’t want Castiel to find out that they were deceiving him, plus he was really enjoying this experience.
He meant it, too; he’d never wanted to hurt someone as much as he did the person who’d caused Angel such suffering.
Dean turned and stabbed the nearest of the bad guys with the blade, and this distraction allowed the rest of the cast to fight back too.
Angel was still there - thank god - and looked to be taking in his surroundings. The ergonomically designed swivel chair in front of the large curved edged window, the glass coffee table next to the sofa, the low dining table surrounded by floor cushions, a chrome lamp and a collection of chrome sculptures. Plus there was Colonel ‘sleeping’ on his bed in one corner, and his guitar in the other. It was all neat and tidy, and the red of the sofa stood out against the almost completely bare white walls - except for his screen and a picture - and white tiled floor.
“I thought it was about time you got your own clothes,” he explained. "Mine don’t fit you too well, and I'm sure you would prefer your own style anyway.”
At that moment, however, a bullet whizzed past Dean’s ear, and he looked back to see one of Loki’s men, firing at him. Last time he saw them they had angel blades... where the hell did the gun come from? He and Castiel were unable to run, because they were still standing on the tile pattern, and couldn’t afford to make any false moves.
always seemed to be involved in the investigation. Also, it appeared that Ed and Harry - who now went by the collective name of Ghostfacers - were often connected to these stories too; maybe this was the negative reaction of biblical proportions they’d been warned about.
“Ed! Get your friend Harry to cast the time reversal spell. Now!!” Dean knew that using the book apparently meant the creation of a ‘negative reaction of biblical proportions’, but hopefully that was an exaggeration. They needed a solution now, before Loki stabbed Castiel with that blade, and it was lights out for the angel... permanently. He was starting to feel woozy from the loss of blood, and this felt like their only chance.
Dean’s stomach - or was it his heart - did a kind of flip flop at the gesture. It was only a greeting, and yet it meant so much more to him.
The guy wasn’t easily deterred, it seemed, and he tried again, “I must speak to you. It is a matter of supreme importance. We are angels, come down from Heaven, and we need your help."
“No, this is Heaven.” Dean couldn’t wait to show them what else was here. “Would you like to see their vehicles?”
“Home,” Dean answered decisively. He desperately needed to freshen up and grab a change of clothes. He shot Blue Eyes a wink, hoping he would get the hint to come with him… or at the very least, meet him there.
Angel took his hand and climbed off the bed, allowing Dean to get a good look at him for the first time. He’d seen Angel’s chest and legs before - and those seriously impressive biceps - but this was the first time he’d gotten to see the full package. The sight was mouth-watering; Angel had filled out to a nice healthy size in the last few weeks, and he had muscles and curves in all the right places. He also had an alluring pair of hip bones, and speaking of size… last night that cock had filled Dean in the most satisfying way, but now he could see it in all its glory.
"It's okay, it's okay," Dean soothed. "He can't hurt you anymore, and if he tries, I'll fucking kill him."
Loki, it seemed, was nowhere near done with Castiel yet; Dean and the other humans had been marched out of the room, to be dispatched elsewhere, whilst the sound of Castiel’s cries of pain echoed through the hallways.
that couldn’t be, could it? Dean shoved down the fear that had started eating at him, and begged, “I know you can hear me.
“Friend?” Crowley complained bitterly, fighting against Dean’s attempts to get him back inside. “You stole all my best lines, you cut me out of episode one hundred and two entirely!”
“Don’t you think it’s time we called it a night, Dean?” Sam asked, clearly not as bothered by the fact that Cas had won every damn game as Dean was.
Dean sighed in disbelief; they really had picked the wrong day for this shit. “It's just a television show. That's all, okay?” he said in the calmest tone he could manage.
The quiet was disturbed by a sudden commotion, as Jo and Ash ran towards them from their vantage point, waving their arms.
“Well, let me tell you something, Loki. It doesn't take a great actor to recognize a bad one. You're sweating!” Dean countered.
Bobby was the only person who appeared unbothered by Dean’s outburst, and he took his seat quietly. Jo, however, was clearly about to explode.
“Crowley!” Ash whooped, as the man in question walked onto the stage, scowl firmly in place. And even though he wasn’t saying the line that he found so distasteful, the enormous screen behind his head bore his likeness, and the words, ‘Even when I lose, I win,’ boomed out of the speakers to torment him further.
They each put a few pancakes and slices of bacon onto their plates, and drizzled some maple syrup over the top. Dean took a bite, and made appreciative noises.
Finding it harder than ever to look away, Dean frantically searched his mind for a distraction. He spotted Colonel 'sleeping' on his bed, and this was the opportunity he was looking for.
It looked like he was having a pretty harrowing nightmare, and Dean was torn about what to do. But when he cried out in pain and said, ‘no… no… ag,’ Dean knew he had to do something.
Ash had come to stand behind Bobby, and pointed to one of the phones, saying impatiently, “Okay, you got to answer that one. Answer that one first.”
“If you got any more problems with the guy, just, you know, give me a call,” Dean said, really hoping he would hear from Blue Eyes before the day was out.
“Hey,” Dean said, and Angel turned his attention to him. “I’m just gonna change outta these wet clothes, then I’ll fix you up, okay?”
A young boy, about eleven years old, stared at Dean, clearly enraptured. “How did you know what to do?” he asked.
There was a little bit of awkward waving between them all, then Sam hung up after promising that he would be there in about twenty minutes.
“Then I'll see you in hell, won't I?” Dean attempted to throw a punch, and Crowley put his hands around Dean’s throat. As they started trading blows, he hoped Crowley could remember the fight choreography.
“If you would all take your positions,” Castiel said, indicating the table containing books of lore.
"You will be careful, won't you, Sammy?" Dean might have manipulated his brother, but that didn't mean that he wasn't concerned for his safety.
Dean didn’t want to be parted from Castiel, but there was no way he could stay in Heaven; it was for angels, not the likes of him. Plus he had a life, down on earth, which… okay, wasn’t always perfect, but with Castiel by his side, it could be great. Dean needed to let him know that, and remembering that he’d prayed to Castiel before, he decided to try it again.
Dean would call up Eileen tomorrow and ask her for some pointers. Of course, he would have to be cagey about why the sudden interest; her being Sam’s wife meant that if she found out about Angel, she might feel the need to tell her husband. Maybe if he put it to her as a general inquiry, and told her that he was feeling bad that he never fully learned… yeah, she'd believe that, wouldn’t she?
Castiel spluttered a little bit, and nodded yes, as they covered the symbol, before moving further into the vault.
In response, the crowd went wild, screaming and hollering, with the voice of one particularly enthusiastic fan carrying above the others, shouting, “We love you, Dean."
Once Dean had decided that the cut was clean enough, he used another wipe to clean the lighter, then flicked it on and held the needle over the flame.
The safe was situated at the far end of the room, and the path looked fairly clear - other than an interesting looking floor pattern up ahead, and further on, some spikes that were protruding from either side of the wall, and appeared to be moving in and out.
Dean suddenly realized where they were. It was the convention they were supposed to be at, like... three days ago? He had to hand it to Ed and Harry for bringing them out here, of all places; it was both sneaky, and awesome of them.
They were lying in bed naked later that night, holding each other, and Dean was absent-mindedly trailing his fingers up and down Cas’s arm. He softly nipped at Cas’s lips, before pulling back, and gazing into his eyes. They weren’t as blue as they had been, but some colour had returned.
“They were staking the place out. Probably thought we wouldn’t spot them… but we did,” the black guy with the gun - Raphael? - replied, smugly.
He and Cas were back on an even keel with their friendship, and that was also something to celebrate. It turned out that Rowena gave really good advice, and a sincere heartfelt apology worked wonders with starting the healing process.
The night was dull and grey, and the neon cross on the church nearby was a beacon in the darkness, welcoming those in need of spiritual guidance. As they approached the building, Dean was about to remark on how much he admired Chuck for keeping the church open despite the fall in numbers, when the man in question appeared in the doorway, with a woman who Dean recognised as a regular attendee named Naomi.
Dean was in shock. He could have guessed that what Sam found wasn’t going to be pleasant, but this was just messed up. How the fuck had Chuck managed to persuade everyone that he was a kind, benevolent man of god, when behind closed doors he was a dangerous psychopath?
They seemed pleasant enough; certainly all the smiling they were engaging in would suggest that. Either that or it was fake and they were secretly kidnapping him.
Once he was fully clothed, Dean found another old t-shirt for Angel, and he brought it through to the living room and held it up, asking, “Will this do?”
Before they could move, however, a group of creatures emerged from a clump of trees nearby. They were humanoid, and at first glance they looked just like children. Their behavior was quite different, however; they weren’t playing or chatting like Dean would expect a group of kids to be, and there was something about their eyes… Actually, their stillness and silence gave them a pretty creepy vibe, so he urged the others to hide behind a boulder with him to observe them, as they gathered around a water fountain.
The lack of reaction from him was concerning, but Dean wondered if maybe he didn't speak English. That would at least explain why he wasn’t answering Dean’s questions.
“A lathe? Get off the line, Ash!” Dean practically screamed, before appealing to Crowley for help. “Crowley, you're my advisor. Advise me!”
Now the shirt was around Angel’s neck, Dean wondered how the hell he was going to get his wings through the holes in the back. He would just have to get it done as quickly as possible.
Looking into Castiel’s eyes, Dean took a deep breath, and swallowed a lump that had suddenly appeared in his throat. “Castiel, there's no such person as Dean Smith. My name is Dean Winchester. I am an actor. We're all actors.”
Claire gave Cas a sad look, scooted a little closer to him, and put her head on his shoulder. Dean had to bite his tongue to stop himself from making a remark about her not being as tough as she pretended, but frankly, the way she became so protective of Cas was too adorable.
“The Codex, huh? Well then, we need to make sure he doesn’t get his hands on either of them, don’t we?”
Cas trembled slightly, and Dean was suddenly full of anticipation of what was to come once they were alone again.
“Can you put your arm around my shoulder?” Dean hoped Angel understood what he was saying as he pulled him into his arms, and carefully and slowly lifted him off the ground.
Of course, the angels didn’t understand that it was a joke, and they exchanged nervous glances, until Dean let out a loud laugh. Slapping Crowley on the shoulder and squeezing a little harder than necessary, he wiped the non-existent tears from his eyes with his other hand. “He’s such a joker... You’re such a joker, aren’t you, Fergus? He doesn’t even have a hellhound.”
The look on Angel’s face indicated that Dean had said something wrong, and it took him a few moments to catch on to what it was.
Dean had had a couple of serious relationships over the years - a lovely young woman named Cassie, and a sweet man named Aaron - and he realised how much he missed moments like this. It could be all too easy to get used to it.
Jo lunged at him, catching him in the shoulder with the blade, and the shock of it caused him to collapse on the floor in agony. Reeling from the attack, and momentarily unable to catch his breath, Dean watched as her form blurred, and it was suddenly Loki standing over him.
He’d taken a clear plastic bag from his coat pocket, and he put it down carefully on the table, though Dean couldn’t see what it contained. “I knew that Chuck was going to visit one of the homeless shelters, so I waited until he left, then went inside his residence behind the church. What I found was chilling; he’s definitely our man.”
He went off to the kitchen and found the scissors, waiting a few seconds to give Angel time to finish his business, and when he got back he carefully cut through the plastic and removed it.
Angel stopped his movements and looked up at Dean, then slowly pulled his mouth off his cock, flattening his tongue against the underside as he did so. He crawled purposefully back up Dean’s body, planting open-mouthed kisses along the way, then gazed into his eyes, breathing heavily.
Dean was not particularly worried about Ed going AWOL; in fact, he was relieved. Now that the problem of the Hand of God had been solved, he wanted to speak to Castiel alone, and hopefully clear the air.
He tidied away the makeshift bed and the covers, ready to put in the bedroom once Angel was in the shower. He was going to insist on that today, before the guy started to smell offensive. It might take some coaxing, but Dean was determined.
Dean had to stop himself from kicking out at the door frame in frustration, but this incident forced him to acknowledge that he needed to get to the bottom of what had happened to Angel. It was only right that the person - or persons - responsible for treating another human being so appallingly should face justice.
As the angels vacated the Hunter Hub, in readiness for the rift to the other dimension to open, Ash started to become more distressed.
“Fuck, Sammy, we can’t thank you enough for this.” Dean got up once more, and went over to his brother and hugged him. “You didn’t have to do this after I kept Angel a secret for so long, but you really came through.” He knew he was veering into chick flick territory, but he was feeling pretty emotional after learning the truth.
He wasn’t going to play Chuck’s little game and respond to him though, because he had something more important on his mind, like the other people in the room. There was Naomi, who was staring at him with disdain, and another guy with wings, sandy coloured hair, and an annoying smirk; however, Dean’s eyes were fixed only on Cas, who was standing rigidly by the window. Remembering another time he’d watched Cas standing next to the window - bathed in light in his apartment - filled Dean with a sense of sorrow. Would he ever get to see him there again?
“The pastor seemed friendly and welcoming, and Cas, he… he thought he cared about him, but, b…” Dean wiped a tear away angrily. Maybe it wasn’t anger he was feeling, but heartbreak.
Eileen then demonstrated how to ask ’what is your name’ and ‘how are you’, then finger spelled her name. Dean did the same; despite having a name sign that Eileen had given him a couple of years into her relationship with Sam. He understood how much of an honour it was to have a name chosen for him, and he cherished it. Eventually he would show it to Angel, but not yet; not until he was able to explain its significance.
“There were notebooks containing a language I haven’t seen before. And some in English, that - honestly - could only be described as deranged,” Sam continued after taking a drink. “Chuck seems to think that he’s god, and is trying to create an army of angels. Fuck knows how many others he’s done this to.”
Dean gently cleaned what was left of the wound with the wipe, then disposed of that and what was left of the stitches, while Angel sat still for a minute or two.
“And finally tonight,” Ash announced, barely able to contain his excitement, “my fellow NoNaticles, the brave leader of this band of hunters; Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean…”
Angel gave him a sad smile that he couldn't decipher, and he wondered what the meaning behind it could be.
. He looked at his watch in despair, and began to tell yet another story of how Sam Winchester played pranks on the other cast members. This unfortunately failed to placate the crowd, whose restlessness was beginning to feel dangerous.
He wasn’t expecting any kind of answer, so he carried on talking. “She’s nearly eighty years old; seventy eight, in fact. Can you believe that? Looks good, don’t she? Of course, she’s been modified to run on electricity now, but she still purrs like a kitten.”
Angel nipped at Dean's bottom lip, and ran his tongue over it, then crushed their mouths together, hard. Dean could taste himself on Angel's tongue; it was kind of dirty, but he loved it. He loved all of it.
“Yes, this ass will be all yours later. But let’s not traumatise Eileen, huh?” Dean laughed as he stepped out of the shower, and started to dry himself with his towel.
“You gotta admit, they really do love him,” he said, drawing Jo’s attention to Dean and the adoring looks he was getting from his fans.
Sam kissed the top of her head, then they made their way out of the apartment, and down to Sam’s vehicle. It was a horrible, douchey excuse for a car, but Dean was still feeling like shit, so for once he was in no mood to complain.
The second time Dean woke up, his head felt even worse - if that was possible - and he was shaking uncontrollably. He was desperately hoping that what had happened with Chuck had been a dream - or more accurately, a nightmare - but the grim expressions on the faces of Sam, Eileen, Gabriel, and Claire told him that it had been all too real.
The journey was quiet and filled with tension, which increased as they drew nearer to their destination. Dean really hoped his hunch was right; he couldn’t bear it if they didn’t find Cas.
Falling asleep wasn’t so easy this time, mainly because he was worrying about Angel, but Dean also found himself reflecting on how he had unexpectedly heard Angel speak for the first time. Although it had only been a couple of words, it was enough to hear that his voice had a deep, almost gravelly timbre; the kind of voice that under different circumstances would have Dean wondering how his name would sound on those lips. Hopefully Dean would get to hear it again tomorrow, although he suspected that Angel speaking normally, not just when he was in the clutches of a nightmare, might not happen anytime soon.
The message was to the point and a little cheeky, and Dean hoped Eileen would see it as nothing more than that and respond in kind. Instead of receiving a message in reply, however, it took about twenty seconds before a call came through from Eileen. He’d hoped to avoid this, partly because Angel could come out of the bedroom at any moment and he did not want Eileen to see him, and partly because she was so good at reading people’s expressions, she would almost certainly realise immediately that he was lying.
Angel’s eyes shot open and he let out a yelp in shock, then curled himself away from Dean, into the fetal position.
“Just as well, huh?” Benny turned Angel around and held the coat up against him. “Oh yeah, this’ll do just fine. Okay with you if I take some measurements?”
Angel being able to put on his own shirts made things easier in that regard, for Dean, but it created a different problem altogether; wearing clothes that fit him properly made him more attractive… if that was even possible. They hugged him in all the right places, accentuating the muscles that were now becoming more defined, what with the exercises, and him eating more regularly than he’d obviously been used to.
“No.” By way of demonstrating this, Angel slid closer, until he and Dean were touching. Leaning in for a kiss, he once again took Dean’s breath away with his passion and enthusiasm for exploring Dean’s mouth.
Angel looked just as surprised by Eileen’s words as Dean was, and he looked between Dean and Eileen, obviously waiting to see what Dean’s reaction would be.
Dean looked at his watch and groaned. This was really dragging now; time to wrap things up, and hopefully make some plans with Blue Eyes. Making a gesture with his hands for Loki to get to the point, he hoped everyone else there would take the hint.
With smiles a mile wide, they all saluted Dean and his crew, and Castiel held out his arms in greeting. “Welcome my friends.”
Castiel gazed at Dean, and he must have seen something in his expression that convinced him of Crowley’s trustworthiness. Dean was still perplexed about why the angels hadn’t caught on to Crowley not having a demon face, but he certainly wasn’t going to question it.
Opening the door, Dean plastered on his biggest smile. “Eileen, you just caught me. I’m on my way out,” he lied.
Eileen then produced a sheet of paper and a pen, asking Angel, “Are there any specific words you want me to teach you? Words that would help you communicate with Dean while you’re living here?”
“Look. There's a little hurt one.” Sam stood up and began to walk forward, forgetting that they were hiding, and about to alert the creatures to their presence. “Hi. Hi there.”
“Balthazar? Balthazar?” Crowley shouted, realizing that he’d been stabbed from behind by one of Loki’s men.
Balthazar handed him a machine, saying, “Mr. MacLeod? Here is your EMF meter. I have programmed it to point you toward the location of the Hand of God. Good luck on your mission, sir.”
Dean Winchester was feeling upbeat. He'd had a very pleasant encounter with a fan on the way to the convention, and on top of that, the way the fans here had welcomed him onto the stage made him feel loved… validated. Sure the rest of the cast were pissed at him for being late, but the thing that fan did with his tongue was fucking amazing. Or maybe it was the other thing they were pissed about - the solo gig.
There was a box of stuff in a closet in his bedroom, so he went and got it, hoping to find a pen in there. Bringing it back into the living room, he placed it on the table, removed the lid, and began rummaging through the contents.
“You both look shifty; like you’re trying to hide something. Plus Angel is glowing brighter than I’ve ever seen him.”
Dean smiled. “Good to see ya’,” he said, warmly. Right now he was feeling pretty conflicted, and he continued walking as the ‘angels’ stayed where they were. These cosplayers were way more obsessive than the usual ones he encountered, and he was beginning to wonder if getting to spend all this time with Blue Eyes was worth all the weirdness. It wasn’t as if he could even get the guy alone, for fuck’s sake.
“Ash, Ash, maybe you're the plucky comic relief. You ever think about that?” Jo took him by the arm and held him back.
The voice of the ‘angel’ explaining the carefully constructed backstory was the last thing Dean heard, before sleep took him under.
They were just going to have to finish this day without Dean, and hopefully he would be in a much better place the next time they saw him.
Over the next few days, Dean lost track of how much sex he and Angel had, and when they weren’t going at it like rabbits, they could barely keep their hands off each other. During their lessons, Eileen insisted that their hands were strictly for signing, but the rest of the time it was a free for all.
Suddenly aware of a voice close to his ear, and being shaken gently on the shoulder, Dean opened his eyes. He was lying on a couch, and... ugh, he’d drooled on it - very classy. The woman from the limo was speaking to him,
Jo had by now picked herself off the floor, and wasn’t looking too well. Dean decided to ignore her predicament, and continue with the introductions.
This wasn’t happening, even if they were smiling at him and saluting him. What were they thinking, coming to his house?
Dean told himself, as he turned the shower on, and let the water heat up. "Now I'm gonna show you that there's nothing to be scared of. I'll get in the shower with you, but I'm gonna keep all my clothes on, okay?"
A couple of minutes after four, the door cam buzzed, and Dean clicked on the screen to reveal the smiling face of Benny. He hadn’t reminded Angel that Benny was coming, but from the expression on his face, he’d remembered what Dean had told him yesterday. He didn’t look afraid, but slightly apprehensive.
Angel not wearing a shirt wasn’t the only thing that was different; Dean belatedly became aware that Angel’s breathing wasn’t distressed at all, and his eyes were wide open.
After a few minutes Dean realised that Angel hadn't chosen any shirts, and he was pretty sure he knew why. Gently taking the remote control from him, he started to explain about Benny, in a way that hopefully wouldn’t cause Angel concern.
Angel responded by moving his arm around, wiggling his fingers, and clenching and unclenching his fist.
Dean got a definite thrill at Cas getting all assertive like that, and he stepped a little closer. “Cas, are you free Saturday evening? I know a great-”
Suddenly remembering the cast on Angel’s arm, Dean pointed at it, saying, “I’m just gonna get something to cut this off. You can use the john while I’m gone.”
Crowley carried on regardless, “There were five curtain calls. I was an actor once, dammit. Now look at me. Look at me,” he shouted, then gave an exaggerated sigh. “I won’t go out there, and I won’t say that stupid line one more time.” He threw the tiny towel he had been supplied with onto the vanity. “I can’t. I won’t.” He stood up from his chair and began pacing the room.
He looked back up, just to check, and sure enough, his unwelcome visitors were still there, and still wearing their costumes.
“Told you he was a good guy, didn’t I?” Dean said, sitting himself back down. “So, what game do you wanna play today?”
He could hear Angel washing himself, but he wasn’t going to look; that would be a very bad idea. Instead, he went off to the bedroom and quickly got dressed, pulling on his last sock just as Angel came into the room.
‘Eileen is answering the door’, he signed, and Dean looked over to see her waiting by the door, presumably for Sam.
Totally shamelessly, he dropped his towel to reveal his still glistening-with-water, naked body, and Dean’s mouth went dry. “Hey, that’s not playing fair,” he complained. “I’m gonna make some coffee and not think about you teasing me like this.”
Ed’s tone was friendly, but his message was to the point. “No time for pleasantries, Harry. We have a level five emergency. You've still got the walk-through for the vault, right?”
They reached the hunter hub at the same time as the rest of the cast, and Crowley wasn’t surprised at all to see the way Dean was staring at Castiel, like he was some kind of delicious pie. Crowley wondered if he should warn the poor angel about Dean and his reputation.
Suddenly realising that Angel wasn’t going to answer, Dean mentally kicked himself, before asking, “Fruit?”
Dean wasn’t going to even get the opportunity to win against Sam this time, but surely he could beat Cas?
“Don’t worry about Castiel,” Sam interrupted his thoughts. “His name will be kept out of the reports, like he was never even there.”
Claire pouted, and threw herself onto the sofa with a huff. Thankfully, Eileen sat down next to her, saying, “I wanted to come with you. I want to kill Chuck as much as anyone here, but I think it’s best if I stay here with Claire.”
Undeterred, Sam gestured towards the creatures, as a slightly smaller one joined them, dragging its leg. The others parted to let it pass, and Sam smiled. “See? They're gonna help the little hurt one.”
, Sam thought as he felt the slightest pang of jealousy. Dean got this reaction every single time, and Sam wondered what he would have to do to get the crowd to love him like that.
Angel took it and drank gratefully, and Dean poured him another. It probably wasn’t a great idea to drink nothing but fruit juice though, and Dean knew he would have to order some alternative drinks tomorrow.
Dean's emotions were a mixture of sorrow and fury, and he veered between the two as the night progressed. He knew he'd been avoiding thinking about this moment for too long, but now he was going to have to face it head on.
"Hey, this is where I first saw you." Dean pointed to the alleyway, and Angel nodded in understanding. "I wonder how you got there… where you came from," Dean added.
-Lisa grows suspicious of his behavior and follows Dean to the storage shed where he keeps the 1967 CHEVY IMPALA.
“Excuse me!” Sam interrupted, upon hearing the cue that he was needed onstage, pushing past the two men as they grappled with each other.
Dean’s back hit the wall as Castiel moved into his personal space, tilting his head, and Dean attempted to explain... to try undoing the damage Loki had done.
No time to think about that either, Dean thought, as he went back to the bathroom once more, picked the wet clothes from the floor and brought them through to the tiny utility room. He stuck them straight into the washing machine, then went back and got the rest of the laundry, added that to the machine also, along with the laundry detergent, then switched it on.
Jo didn’t reply; instead, she walked purposefully towards Dean and lifted her hand, revealing an angel blade. As she drew closer, she raised the weapon menacingly.
The entire shindig seemed to be bee themed, with desserts decorated with honeycombs and games like ‘pin the stinger on the bee’ and hunt the bee (which was basically an Easter egg hunt, but with bee shaped treats), and the birthday cake was in the shape of a bee.
“You’ve gotta be shitting me right now.” With a bit of effort, Dean got to his feet, and glared at his brother. “We need to find him before Chuck wipes his memories again, and he… he does something-”
“Hey. You wanna take this to the shower?” Dean breathed out in between kisses, as he held onto Angel’s ass, and ground their naked groins together.
“Now, do you think you can stand?” Dean held his hand out to Angel, adding, “If we can get you to the bathroom, you can take care of any, er… business you might have, and take off what’s left of these pants.”
Dean noticed that Eileen looked somewhat disappointed with his response. His sister-in-law had always cared about his well-being, and wanted him to be happy.
Cas looked down at himself and grimaced. “I don’t make a habit of dressing like this. Claire was very anxious about the party until I put this on.”
-Dean hears screams and begins to see strange things around town, claw marks where claw marks should not be.
Dean then flipped them around easily, so that Castiel’s back was against the wall, and dropped to his knees as Castiel stared down at him in a daze. Dean slowly popped the button on Castiel’s slacks and opened the zipper, then slid them and his underwear down until his cock was freed.
Seemingly unaware that Dean was barely paying attention, Samandriel began reciting his ‘history’ anyway. “Before Christianity became widespread throughout the Scandinavian region, the Vikings worshipped the Norse gods. Our religions coexisted happily, and our god and those of the Norse religion were peaceful.”
The MC hadn’t quite finished yet; he had one last important message before leaving the stage. “Don't forget to buy a
“Another hunter! Yes, the more, the merrier!” The MC shouted, as Ash made his way out front, followed by Jo and Hannah, who apparently still hadn’t let go of each other’s hands.
Once Dean’s other shoe had been found, and he was dressed and as ready as he could manage, he found himself in the limousine with the ‘angels’ on their way to the gig they’d hired him for. He wanted to stare at Blue Eyes all day - actually, what he really wanted was to be alone with him - but that wouldn’t be fair on the others, would it? After all, they were just as responsible for hiring him. He took a good look at them for the first time; as well as Blue Eyes, there were two guys and one chick.
“So, are you gonna take us to him?” Gabriel asked, anxiety beginning to creep into his voice as Dean took a deep breath. He’d been going over this moment in his head, but now that it was here, it was proving even more difficult than he’d imagined.
“I'm sorry,” Samandriel said, obviously still not getting that Jo needed quiet. “It's very exciting to watch you work. The execution of the spells is...” he squealed again and put his hand to his mouth, “much more art than science.”
Dean wished he knew what the problem was and how to fix it, and he sighed unhappily as he poured the drinks. The change in Angel since Dean had found him in that alleyway was remarkable; Dean could only hope that this incident wouldn’t cause him to go backwards.
When he was satisfied that Angel was properly washed, and that all the body wash and shampoo was gone, Dean switched the shower off, and grabbed a towel for Angel. It wouldn’t be much use to Dean, as he was going to have to strip off these soaking wet clothes once Angel was out of the bathroom, and grab a quick wash for himself.
Angel looked at Dean expectantly, obviously hoping that he’d done well. Dean picked the paper off the table and smiled, even though he was more confused than ever. Angel seemed to understand everything Dean said to him, but yet he neither spoke nor wrote English, except when he was in the middle of a nightmare.
“You’re kidding,” Sam said with an eye roll. Dean might be his brother, but at this moment, he could happily kill him. Keeping everyone waiting was par for the course for him, but taking a job on his own was just shitty.
Once he was under the spray, Dean found himself indulging in a little fantasy session, with his angel in the leading role. Taking his cock in his hand, he began to stroke, while conjuring a vivid image of Angel stretching out his wings and running his feathers over Dean's heated skin.
"If you think that feels good, just wait 'til you're inside of me," Dean whispered in his most seductive voice, wiggling his hips for emphasis.
"That looks perfect. Good job, buddy," Dean said, relieving Angel of the bowl. "You wanna help cook 'em?"
Saturday had arrived. Dean and Cas had been texting back and forth since Jack’s party; flirting outrageously, as well as sharing bee facts like ‘a queen bee can produce two thousand eggs a day’, or ‘after mating, male bees lose their reproductive organs, then die’.
“Fuck me!” he exclaimed, shaking his arms and trying to get some feeling back into them. “Buddy, am I glad you don’t weigh anymore.”
. Dean thought his heart might have stopped. He’d only taken off his coat, and yet Cas might as well be naked right now. Dean could see the lines of his muscles moving beneath the suit jacket as Cas held out his arms to demonstrate that he’d done what Dean had asked.
“I’m not gonna say it’s not like that, because I… kinda wish it was.” Dean wouldn’t admit this to anyone else, but with Benny he knew he didn’t need to hide anything. “But that’s not why I call him Angel; it’s because he has wings, and I don’t think he remembers his real name.”
“Sir, we apologize for operating in low-power mode, but with the severe reduction in our numbers, we find it very difficult to keep Heaven powered.”
Once he was as certain as he could be that Angel understood what he was hinting at, Dean went for his shower. The entire time he was under the spray, his mind was in turmoil, wondering about his mysterious guest; who had done this to him and why, what exactly had been done to him, what was with that intense stare, and why did he have to be so damned attractive?
“You take your cooking so seriously. You should do what I do; just throw in whatever you’ve got in the kitchen,” Kevin said with a smile.
While Dean and Bobby walked ahead with ease, the rest of the crew were clearly still disoriented. Crowley, in particular, was seriously struggling, prompting Dean to stop and hand his friend a stick of gum.
Dean hadn’t told Benny about the conversation he’d had with Angel earlier, but it seemed Benny had figured that much out on his own, anyway.
That wasn't the only reason for Dean's suggestion; he was already having way too many inappropriate thoughts about Angel. He didn't need to see him naked, and make it even worse. Getting a boner would not help the situation at all.
Almost as if Castiel had read Dean’s mind, he waved his hand over the area, and the wetness was gone.
Dean started to walk back over to his colleagues, but Sam and Crowley moved away, shooting him looks of incredulity, and shaking their heads sadly. They still weren’t getting it, were they?
Following Harry’s instructions, Dean had opened the door to the vault, turning the handle in the opposite direction from the one he would have expected. Apparently, if he’d turned it in the usual direction, this would have activated a lockdown, which wouldn’t have been reversible for hours.
If Dean didn’t still have the hangover from Hell, he might have scrutinized their actions more closely, because from where he was kneeling on the floor, it appeared that they might actually believe they were real angels, who didn’t have a clue about normal human behavior.
“Sorry to break up the mood here,” he said, waving his hand in a way he hoped conveyed his apology. “We’ll wait for Loki to join us, my friend.”
It took Dean a moment to work out what Cas meant, but finally he realised that Cas was wondering what Chuck had done with his belongings.
"As if I would," Benny quipped back, shooting Dean a look of pretend menace. "I'll need to meet… what's his name?"
Worrying that mentioning the nightmare could bring up painful memories for Angel, or make him uncomfortable, Dean opted for a cheery, “Mornin’, Angel. Coffee?”
Dean patted him on the back and gave him another “thank you,” then let him go and went back to join Angel, who was examining the coat. He got upset if he thought too much about what Angel had been through, so he distracted himself by praising the coat, and Benny’s skill with a needle.
“No, no. You’re sleeping in there,” Dean waved towards the bedroom, “and I’m gonna make myself comfortable in here.”
Con, and Dean Winchester and the rest of the cast are no-shows here at the big event, much to the disappointment of all these fans,” the news reporter announced, solemnly. Ed, of course, knew exactly why they were no-shows.
Sam hugged him back, and Dean was astonished to discover that Angel had come over and was putting his arms around them both too.
Dean licked his lips at the sight. As he leaned forward and took it into his mouth, he remembered an episode of
Angel nodded, and Dean switched on the rings to heat the pans, adding a few slices of bacon to one, and pouring some rounds of batter into the other. He walked Angel through cooking the first batch of pancakes, including how to tell when they were ready to be flipped over, then handed the spatula to him.
Although he never knew what reaction he would get from the guy, Dean was shocked to see the frightened look that spread across Angel’s face.
“Come on, we’re...” Sam started, giving Jo his best puppy dog eyes. “We’re counting on you to save him.”
Angel immediately set up a punishing pace, fucking into him enthusiastically. Dean could hear his own moans getting louder and louder, and when Angel hit his prostate he practically wailed.
Dean’s heart sank even further when the two guys from earlier - before Dean went looking for Jo - showed up again. He didn’t need any more of this shit today.
"We can play it again tomorrow, okay?" Dean promised when he saw the look of disappointment on Angel's face.
Dean grabbed Ash by the shoulders and shook him more gently than he wanted to. “It's just a rough plan, Ash. What difference does it make if it's season two, episode twenty one or not?”
“The incantation and remaining ingredients are correct,” Samandriel started. “However, our attempts at executing spells when we don’t have everything required have not always achieved the desired outcome. But now that Beth is here, she can perform it. Her knowledge of spells is far superior to ours.”
“What is this thing?” Dean asked, belatedly realizing that the spikes on either side came close enough to touch, and the only way he and Castiel could get past was to know when each set would go back into the wall. The sadist who came up with this really wanted them to suffer.
The smile on Angel's face disappeared, as he wiped the tear away with his thumb and regarded Dean with concern.
When the burgers and fried potatoes were ready, Dean shared them between two plates, added some salad leaves and half a tomato each, and brought them through to the living room.
"Dean," Cas whispered, and Dean was suddenly torn between wanting to suck Cas's dick until he came down his throat, and really needing to kiss him. If Cas liked hearing Dean say Angel, surely that could be nothing compared to the soaring of Dean's heart when Cas said his name.
Deciding to broach the subject anyway, Dean asked uncertainly, “Do… do you wanna wash your wings? Can you even reach them?”
He could see everyone staring at him for his outburst; he needed to get out of there. Dean stormed off, past the fans waiting in line… past his ‘friends’, and set off for home.
While he was busy with this, Dean noticed with interest Angel once again situating himself on the chair next to the window, and gazing out at the street below. He seemed quite content like this, so Dean figured he would leave him alone to watch this little piece of the world go by.
Angels were neither male nor female, and utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, but Castiel was well aware that his vessel was firmly male. He was surprised, then, to discover that this made no difference to Dean, and the more time they spent together, the more Castiel wished to act on these feelings Dean had awakened in him.
This day had been full of twists and turns, but none were as unexpected as a passionate tryst with his favorite angel.
Angel stared at him for a few moments, obviously thinking about the question, and how he might be able to answer. Finally, he opened the fridge and took out the eggs and bacon, and reached for a pan from the cupboard.
“But you know what? I think I can take him,” Dean continued, as Lupir shot out a breath of fire, which singed his jacket.
“Young Beth, you’re alive?” Castiel said to Jo in astonishment, taking her hand as he bent forward, and kissed it sweetly, her name echoing through the hallway, like a ripple flowing outwards.
The peaceful sense of well-being that he was wallowing in began to dissolve, and he snapped his eyes open.
This was becoming increasingly bizarre, and now Dean really was worried that they were going to keep him prisoner in this room, and had lured him in there with a shiny toy. “Hey! Where’s my limo?” he shouted after them in frustration and fear.
Dean arched his back off the bed, and came with a shout, spilling his seed over Angel’s hand. They continued moving like that for a few seconds more until they were spent, then Angel collapsed on top of him, trying to catch his breath.
Angel stared at him wide-eyed for a second, before an amused grin spread across his face and he let out a laugh. It was deep and throaty, and the suddenness of it was so unexpected that Dean was momentarily startled. But
They weren’t fucking, but the friction of their cocks rubbing together as Angel ground hard against him felt amazing. Dean started to wonder if he would come just like this - like some kind of horny teenager - when Angel suddenly took them both in hand and began to stroke.
“It's a monster. It doesn't have motivation,” Dean replied incredulously, as it continued to chase him up a small hill.
“Don’t listen to this asshat! I’ll be fine!” Dean shouted, earning a painful yank of the chain holding his left leg. “Sonovabitch!”
“It’s probably best if you only wear it after dark,” Benny advised, as he helped Angel to put it on. He walked around Angel, looking him over, and adjusting the coat, until he was satisfied. “Perfect,” he declared, looking to Dean for approval.
Dean quickly measured out the butter onto a small plate, then stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds. “You wanna crack the eggs in here?” he asked, making a well in the centre of the mixture.
Cas blinked, and a flicker of something in his eyes gave Dean hope that he might have found himself again. But they glazed over again when Naomi insisted,
Castiel stared up at Dean, uncomprehending, and Dean desperately wished that he didn’t have to do this.
Dean felt foolish for thinking it might even be a possibility. He looked over at Cas, who was peering down at the paper - probably wondering how he’d won yet again - and in a moment of desperation, asked, “Best two out of three? Arm wrestling?”
Sensing Dean’s hesitation, Loki grabbed him by the neck and marched him over to Castiel, who was smiling at the images on the screen.
“We found the Book of the Damned.” Sam held up the creepy looking artefact. “We’re no closer to deciphering it yet, though.”
“Mind if I take a look at your injuries?” Dean asked, immediately regretting that question, as it meant he was now going to have to get closer to Angel.
Now they were closer to the floor pattern, Dean could see that they were tiles, and each one bore an Enochian letter. He was certain that they would be in danger if they got this wrong, and he just knew that whoever created this had to have gotten their inspiration from Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. “Wait a minute. We gotta go across this thing?”
After resting for a moment or two, in the hopes that Castiel would feel stronger, Dean led them across the last tile, and onto the ground on the other side. “Alright, Ed, we're across. Now what?”
“I'm just a glorified extra, Jo. I'm a dead man anyway. If I'm gonna die, I'd rather go out a hero than a coward.”
Dean was too busy for this distraction though, and he ran off to find the rest of the cast. They were going to be stoked when he told them his story.
Dean hovered on the edge of the family reunion, waiting for the hugs and muffled crying to stop, and when it finally did, he pointed to the sofa. “Sit down, and I’ll tell you the whole story.”
Dean wanted to pull Cas into his arms, and kiss him senseless, but not in front of his brother and niece… that would be wrong. There would be plenty of time for that later.
“Okie dokie,” Dean said, opening the soda. One thing was for sure; he couldn’t fault their attention to detail.
. Was this really happening? Was Cas really offering whatever Dean wanted? They were sitting on opposite sides of the table, so he couldn’t quite do what he wanted, which was to grab Cas by the tie and yank him forward into a kiss. One of them was going to have to move, and Dean wasn’t sure he was physically able to right now. There was something else he wanted, though.
His cast mates didn’t look too happy; in fact their expressions were a mixture of shock and fear, and each one of them was standing stock still. They’d be fine though - they just needed to adjust to their surroundings. However, when Ash let out that scream after Dean had offered them the tour, he had to accept that maybe they would need a little period of adjustment to get used to this most unusual of situations.
He still didn’t say a word, just half laid/half sat there, whimpering slightly. As the inside of the car was already pretty wet now, Dean thought he might as well get in and sit, too, until they were ready to go up to the apartment. It wasn’t like he could make it any worse, was it? Dean was mindful of how obviously terrified Angel was, so when he sat down, he made sure to give him as much space as he possibly could.
Coincidentally, at that exact moment a call from Sam came through on Dean's computer. Dean pressed the call answer button, and Sam's face appeared on the screen. "Hiya, Sammy."
“Not like that,” Dean narrowed his eyes at her, to indicate that she was way off the mark. “I mean a pat on the shoulder, or something like that.”
He’d learned that the angels believed they were real hunters, and knew of them through watching the show. They didn’t realize it was a show, or even what a show was, and he didn’t have the heart or inclination to correct them. What harm could it do if he didn’t tell them the truth?
Glaring at Dean, he said, “We know you have Castiel. We will not allow his rebellion to go unpunished; now he will atone. Through you."
“You want some coffee with that sugar?” Dean joked, and Angel stopped instantly, as shame spread over his face.
“Wonder where I got that from?” Crowley looked distinctly like he wanted to go another round, but Sam interrupted their squabble.
He took his hand off Angel’s cock, and reached over to his bedside drawer. Angel took that moment to grind against him, momentarily stopping him from finding what he needed. It felt good, but Dean wanted more… much more.
Dean thought, as he stared at them in astonishment, shaking his head. If it wasn’t for Blue Eyes, he would be hightailing it out of there.
As the afternoon wore on, the anticipation built, until Dean was in a state of nervous trepidation. Almost as soon as darkness had descended, Angel pulled on his coat, and was standing by the front door waiting for Dean.
Dean knew he had to be either in the room in Chuck’s basement, or somewhere else Chuck had found to continue with his foul tortures, and he felt well and truly trapped. The thought of Cas having been held like this for such a long time gave him a feeling he didn’t think he’d ever experienced before; his stomach dropped, and he could swear that his heart actually hurt.
The crowd clapped, but the mood was becoming more uneasy by the second. They had paid good money to see the cast of the show, not someone little more than an extra, who had appeared in a handful of episodes.
Dean saw the resolve settle on Angel's face, saw the moment he let the guilt go. Then he moaned as Angel shoved him firmly into the shower wall, licked a stripe up Dean's neck, and sucked at that spot just under the bolt of his jaw that always made Dean weak in the knees.
Glaring at the man who’d knocked into him, Dean lifted his chin defiantly. “What’s your game, buddy?” He was a black guy, smaller than Dean, and…
A shimmering light appeared in front of him, growing and moving, and if Dean didn’t know better he could almost swear it looked like a portal. A real, actual portal.
Despite the tiredness that was now seeping into his very bones, Dean insisted on bringing his own bed covers into the living room and giving Angel a clean set. He sent Angel back to the bathroom, this time with a brand new toothbrush, and made himself a bed on the floor out of the cushions and a stack of his mom’s old blankets he’d stored away as a keepsake.
By way of reply, Angel got a sharp knife from the block, flipped it a few times in his hand expertly, then began to chop the onion with ease. Dean watched on, impressed by the display, until he realised he should be doing his part as well.
Unnoticed by his quarrelling cast mates, Crowley had pulled on his coat, and as Sam was about to go off on Dean, Crowley bolted for the door.
“And… another friend,” the MC concluded, as Dean squeezed Cas’s hand affectionately, then gave a little bow to the crowd, with Cas following suit.
Angel wolfed the food down like he couldn’t remember the last time he ate, and Dean had to stop himself from leaving his own meal and just watching him, instead of sneaking occasional glances. He was also concerned that Angel would make himself sick if, as Dean suspected, he wasn’t used to eating regularly.
As he spoke, his voice changed from cheeriness to concern; obviously noticing that something was very wrong. Dean was pretty sure that his forehead was bleeding, and his nose was bruised, and knowing Chuck, he was deliberately pointing the camera at the injuries.
Samandriel uttered an incantation over one of the bowls, and the previously blank TV screen came to life. On it they could see Dean, and he appeared to be fighting off a green, scaly creature that looked like a...
Bending down to Crowley’s eyeline and removing his sunglasses with a flourish, he joked, “Am I too late for Crowley’s panic attack?”
Since their return to earth, Dean had started regularly hearing stories of people who had encountered monsters, and strangely, the writer of
Dean swaggered out onto the stage, pointing his finger guns at the stage crew, the crowd, and his fellow cast members.
“Yeah,” Harry replied. “I can talk you through the whole thing. Whatever you do... don’t open the door until I explain the first step.”
Crowley was supposed to say his line next, but he remained silent, scowling unhappily. The rest of the cast turned to look at him, in hopeful anticipation, before Sam prompted him with a nudge.
Dean noticed Sam pull away from Ash’s death grip, and he didn’t blame him. Would anyone care if they “accidentally” left the guy here?
Loki stared at Castiel, his expression a mixture of disdain and anger. “Yes, far too simple a punishment for them, isn't it? I want angel banishing sigils on the walls of every room and hallway, and make them permanent, to ensure none of them will ever return. And destroy the Hand of God.”
He rushed over to his friend helplessly as his lifeless body fell to the ground, his wings burning into the floor and walls. Tears welled in Crowley’s eyes as he dropped to his knees and gently cradled Balthazar’s body. He felt a sorrow and a rage he was entirely unfamiliar with. “Balthazar, I shall avenge you. No one in the history of torture's been tortured with torture like the torture he’ll be tortured with!”
Before he had too much time to worry about how clean - or not - the apartment was, the door cam buzzed, letting Dean know that Eileen had arrived. He clicked the button to let her in through the main doors, then put on a fresh pot of coffee. When she got up to the apartment, she greeted Dean with a hug, and Angel got a friendly ‘hello‘.
He could see the wings more clearly now; they were a shimmery white and looked synthetic, but were very beautiful nonetheless. This changed everything, though. Dean knew of stories about people who were into extreme body modification, using prosthetic limb technology to add extra limbs, or fake wings, and he also knew it was highly illegal. He couldn’t really see the point of going to all the trouble of adding something like wings to the body when they couldn’t even fly, but then again, was this really so different from tattoos or piercings?
Once they reached the sidewalk outside Dean’s apartment building, Dean decided he was going to put Angel in the backseat of his Baby for a few moments. He needed to rest until he got some power back into his arms.
Instead of feeling informed, Dean was even more confused. Why was his mysterious guest refusing to speak, and only writing in a made-up language? And did this mean that Angel was actually his name, or had he written that because Dean called him Angel?
Unfortunately, he was unable to ask anything for quite a while, because his mouth was otherwise occupied, expelling a truly vile substance. For some reason, it made him think of
“Yes, I found him.” Dean continued, undeterred. “I think he escaped from somewhere… He’s so scared, he can’t even talk. I can’t even touch him.”
Claire squealed suddenly, pulling Dean out of his thoughts (probably just as well) as Jack came running into the room.
Again, there was little reaction, and Dean wondered what the hell had happened to make him this way. He was so quiet, so scared; and if he was hurt as much as Dean suspected, he either didn’t feel pain the way he should, or something had happened that was stopping him from letting on how much pain he was in. Either way, it was disturbing, and Dean wondered if he would ever get to the bottom of it.
“I think this is very helpful, but Dean… you need to rest. We’ll look at this in more detail tomorrow.” Sam grimaced, and stood up as if he was about to leave.
Instinctively taking a step backwards, at the same moment as the rest of the crew, Sam felt a knot beginning to form in the pit of his stomach. A rift would be good right about now, he thought, as Ash slumped to the floor in a faint.
She apparently knew exactly what Chuck wanted from her, and she stepped forward to grab hold of Dean roughly, and drag him over to Cas. Dean could see that his eyes had gone back to a dull grey, and he stared at Dean blankly.
When he was finished he nodded to Dean, bypassing the puzzled look from Gabriel. Dean couldn’t think of a way to explain what Sam had just done without saying it out loud, so he shrugged, before leaning against the wall to wait for the reinforcements.
When they had finished, Dean set up one of his games on the screen in the living room. It was one of the old classics - 3D Tetris. He explained how the game worked and gave a demonstration of the controls, then left Angel to play while he made them a dinner of chicken and rice. It wasn’t until he’d checked on Angel a couple of times that he suddenly noticed how well he was using his left hand. It was hard to believe that he had a broken arm, but then again he was pretty sure it was continuing to heal as fast as the cut and graze.
Angel stared at the pen and paper for what felt like forever, and Dean could see from his expression that the thought was making him anxious. For some reason, it seemed he was scared to touch them, but eventually, he picked up the pen and began to write.
As if hit with a lightning bolt of revelation, Dean metaphorically facepalmed himself. Obviously, her dad must have been Jimmy; it wasn’t that hard to work out, was it?
Cas let out a sound that was somewhere between a shout and a groan, and he bucked up into Dean's mouth.
Almost as if Angel knew that Dean was thinking about him, the bedroom door opened, and he stood in the doorway, yawning.
“Well, this is an interesting situation we have here, isn’t it?” His voice was ridiculously calm, and Dean wanted to wipe that smug smile off his face.
Dean fondled Castiel’s balls, feeling the way they began to draw up into his body. He wasn’t going to last much longer, but just to help push him over the edge, he slipped his hand around Castiel’s backside and ran his finger around his rim.
Not much longer than five minutes had passed when Dean sensed the movement of someone close by. When he turned around, however, it wasn’t the sight of the extra police officers that greeted him, but the asshat who’d attacked him earlier. He’d managed to disarm Sam and was threatening him with his own gun, and there was a second guy who had hold of Gabriel.
It was lucky that it was only a few steps away, because that cock bobbing up and down made Dean want to get his hands on it again. Or his mouth… or feel it inside him, stretching him open and filling him up until he…
Dean licked his palm then slipped his hand inside, wrapping his fingers around Cas’s cock, but not stroking. “So… you’re gonna stay here with me?”
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want, ever again. You’re safe here, and no one can hurt you, ‘k?”
Dean knew now that he was done for; he couldn’t… didn’t want to… deny his feelings any longer, and he leaned forward until their lips were just touching. For a few seconds, they stayed unmoving, just drinking each other in. Then, “Angel,” he whispered, but that was all he got out before Angel captured his lips in a desperate kiss.
They ate the rest of the meal in comfortable silence, and once it was finished and Dean had cleared the table - Angel tried to do it, but Dean insisted - Dean switched his screen on, and pulled up the shopping page he wanted, with the command ‘clothes… men’.
“Yeah,” Dean said, not entirely convincingly. “As a matter of fact, I have Lupir staring me in the face right now.”
“Oh, no.” Dean grinned, and winked at his sister-in-law. “Now that it’s all out in the open, we’re gonna be worse than ever.” He glanced at Angel, hoping he would be okay with that, and wasn’t one of those people who hated public displays of affection.
Chaos ensued then, as Chuck ran in the opposite direction while his ‘angels’ fought with the police. Sam and Gabriel were freed, and joined in with the fight against their attackers.
If Loki had had his way, he would have stayed in Heaven and personally made sure Castiel never got out of that chair again. Those angels needed to be gotten rid of for good. He wasn’t sure how easy it would have been to get out of there once Heaven completely powered down though, so he had to leave before he’d finished the job.
The power and spectacle of those wings and the iridescent blue of his eyes, Angel’s deep thrusts inside of him as he was coming, and his hand, hot and tight around Dean’s shaft… it was too much.
Silence descended then, and they all glanced at each other with increasingly incredulous expressions, before as one, they jumped out of the minivan to go find Dean. Sam wondered if they were all thinking the same thing; that Dean might not have been drunk and deluded at all.
“Ah, it’s no biggie,” Dean said, watching Cas sign to his niece. She was giggling happily, and Dean knew that he had to help them see each other as often as possible. “Tell you what, I could do with a visit to the farmers' market. How would you feel if I left the three of you alone for some family bonding after breakfast?”
He took his hands out of the mixture and washed them again, then turned to face Angel. “Angel’s not your real name, is it?” he started.
“We found your last known address, you know?” Gabriel said, suddenly. “We contacted the owner of the building, and they told us you’d just packed up and moved. Your rent was all paid up, and as far as they were concerned, there was nothing to worry about.”
Steeling himself for what he might find when he returned to the living room, Dean was relieved to see that the paper and pen were gone, and Angel and Eileen were going back over the words from yesterday. They both looked up and smiled at Dean, taking the coffees gratefully, although he could see in her eyes that Eileen was deeply concerned. He would have to talk to her about Angel’s behaviour in private later.
“Five curtain calls,” Bobby mocked, as he attempted to pry open the cookie tin catering had given them. They had all heard this speech more times than they could count.
“Raphael… Michael, what a nice surprise you’ve brought me. Where did you find them?” Chuck came closer and grinned at his captives, as he looked them up and down.
He also remembered when the main street was full of stores, selling food, clothes, furniture… even books. Then as more and more people began to do all of their shopping online, those stores closed one by one, until they were all gone. Now all that was left was the occasional store for emergency shopping and those unfortunates at the bottom of the chain, a few restaurants and bars, hair salons, nail salons, tanning salons, and giant warehouses where the employees picked your order from the shelves and prepped it for delivery. Even the old gas stations didn’t exist anymore, now that the vehicles were all electric, or driverless. Dean shuddered inwardly at the thought of having a driverless car; that was too much to contemplate. Thank goodness for the weekly farmers’ market that still attracted enough interest to keep it viable. The fresh produce it provided to the town’s inhabitants was most welcome, plus it afforded an opportunity for people to interact with one another for a short time.
He was in the middle of telling a group of fans about the demon that possessed Sam and shot Dean in season two. “Had I moved an inch to the left, the black eyed bastard would have killed me. On the other hand, the other hunters were in danger.”
She either didn’t hear him, or was set on ignoring him. She dodged past a group of men and women all dressed in the show’s classic angel garb of grey suits and white shirts, whose presence Dean completely failed to notice until they stopped him in his tracks.
It wasn’t Dean’s fault that they worshipped him, was it? After all, he was only giving them what they wanted.
Dean thought, as he pulled the shirt over the other man’s head and helped the wings through the slits.
Finally, they passed the last set of spikes, one of them barely missing Dean’s side. “Whoever wrote this episode should die!” Dean grumbled, realizing too late that Castiel had definitely heard that.
Sam thrust a bowl under his face just in time, as his stomach emptied its contents. He hadn’t eaten or drunk anything since breakfast, and he could see undigested bits of the meal Cas and Claire had made him. It was disgusting, and fucking painful, but there were many questions swirling around his mind, that helped to distract him.
“Taking in a stranger is more than most people would do… You seem like a very kind man, Dean Winchester.” Gabriel smiled, then asked, “How long has he been here?”
Dean was deeply concerned about Castiel. As well as not being able to heal all of his wounds, his human vessel kept flickering, as if his grace was suffering along with the fluctuation of Heaven’s power. They needed to fix this problem as soon as they could, before his grace drained away completely.
At that moment, Cas came out of the bedroom, yawning, a huge smile breaking out on his face at the sight of Dean.
Dean threw the empty can at the guy with the book - who shot him a look that said ’what the fuck’ - while Blue Eyes had apparently been staring at Dean’s lips so much, he'd caught a case of contagious yawning.
“Tell them,” Dean encouraged her, gesturing to the rest of the cast, who all looked extremely unimpressed.
Blindly, Cas raised his hand as if to strike Dean, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the murderous expression on his face.
Chuck was standing next to a long table full of nasty looking implements, and he smiled as they came into the room.
Dean was extremely curious to know who was on the other end of the line for each call. He’d assumed it was some angels in another room, trying to make the whole experience feel more realistic, but from Bobby’s reactions each time, the authenticity was borderline creepy. It was almost as if monsters and the hunter network were real, and had a hotline to the angels, but that couldn’t be right, could it?
Opening the door wasn’t easy by any means, but somehow Dean managed it. With a huff, he slid Angel onto the backseat, practically falling on top of him as he did.
Dean moved the screen so Gabriel could see both of them, before replying. “So, Cas doesn’t really speak. Like I said, he’s been through an ordeal, and he’s-”
An indeterminate time later, a persistent buzzing pulled Dean out of his sleep, and as he opened his eyes, it dawned on him; Eileen.
Benny typed into his keyboard and read something on another area of the screen, then looked back up at Dean. “I can come by at about four?”
Angel let out that laugh Dean had been dying to hear again, and Dean just had to kiss him once more. When he broke off the kiss, Angel carefully pulled out, then rolled off him. His eyes were still glowing faintly in the dark, and Dean wondered if it was some kind of magic. Had he put a spell on Dean? Was this a dream? If it was, it was the most realistic dream ever.
He activated the robot vacuum and cleaned the surfaces as it went around the room, and had just put it away when Angel slipped out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Once he was mostly dressed, he came back into the living room with the shirt in his hand and handed it to Dean, then turned around. Dean would never get over the sight of those wings, but now he found himself admiring Angel’s back, and his arms.
convention, pointed towards it in exaggerated excitement. “Well, there you are. Yeah? You are the first people to see the lost episode of
The sense of relief Sam felt at hearing Dean’s voice was momentarily overwhelming, and he leaned on the desk for a second to compose himself. “Thank God. Are you okay?”
Obviously deciding that Dean’s attempt at humor was nothing to get worked up over, Blue Eyes suddenly moved closer; so close that the back of his hand brushed the back of Dean’s as it lay on the arm of the sofa. Dean felt something like an electrical spark as they made contact, and he had never wished an entire room full of people would disappear before.
Angel smiled and did it again, and Dean grinned back, before lifting his head and nipping at Angel’s bottom lip. “Come on Angel, give it to me.”
Angel looked away to concentrate on his own food, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. He wasn’t sure how much more of this he would be able to resist though, and being in such close proximity to each other all the time wasn’t helping matters.
It was like a switch had been flipped, as Cas relayed the entire story to Eileen, with Dean and Sam trying to keep up as she grabbed a pen and paper, and wrote his words down.
A little girl with her blonde hair in cute braids, wearing the most amazingly detailed bee costume Dean had seen yet, was standing shyly as she held the hand of a grown man… who was also dressed in a bee costume. His costume looked like it had been put together with less loving care than hers though, and he seemed kind of stressed, but despite that Dean could see he was attractive as hell, even though he looked fairly ridiculous.
“Yes, we wish to go to Heaven. You see, we work together, or not at all.” Sam confirmed, indicating his friends… and Ash.
That seemed unnecessarily harsh if he was honest, but undeterred, Dean leaned his elbows on the table so that he and Jo were on the same level, and said, “Well, that’s her story.”
Of course he found no answers to any of those questions, so Dean decided that for today at least he would focus on encouraging Angel to feel more at home… more at ease.
All four of them were standing watching him, and as he opened his eyes, Sam crouched down to his eye level.
Whether they were gently making love, making out, or just lying together, it was peaceful and soothing, as they waited for news from Sam.
Sam sat quietly for a while, looking between Dean, Angel, and Eileen, thinking over what he'd just learned.
Thankfully, Dean clearly wasn’t ready to give up. “You did it for five years on the show! Do it now!”
He was going to focus on preparing the food, and not think about the fact that Angel was in the shower, with water running over his naked bod…
After a couple of minutes, where Dean was sure Cas was showing off, he started flying them in the direction of Dean’s apartment building. Dean would call Sam when they got home, and hopefully confirm what everyone who cared about Cas wanted to hear; that Chuck was finally captured.
Dean swirled his tongue around the head of Castiel’s cock, and the angel gasped and shoved his hands into Dean’s hair, gripping the strands tightly. Dean began to bob his head backwards and forwards as much as he was able, and flattened his tongue against the underside of the now-throbbing member.
Backstage, in the poor excuse for a green room, the atmosphere was becoming ever more fraught with tension, as the noise from the auditorium filtered through to them. Crowley half-heartedly applied makeup to his nose, Bobby attempted to entertain himself with a puzzle book he’d found, and Sam hovered anxiously by the door that led to the stage.
As if some kind of cosmic phone operator had heard him, one phone started ringing, then another, until they were practically deafened from the noise.
“It’s okay, you can pick out some shirts, too. I know you’re bothered about me having to ruin them when they’re brand new, but my friend Benny will fix them up. He’s…”
His character in the show was large as life on the screen behind him and he, along with the audience, prepared themselves to repeat his famous catchphrase. With one voice, the, “Sonofabitch,” rang throughout the building, and Dean stood like a conquering hero with his arms raised in triumph.
“There’s a problem with the portal,” Jo started, grimacing. “Loki must have damaged the portal in the children’s playground. We’re gonna have to find an alternative way to get back.”
Loki would not accept this insubordination. “You might make it back out in time if you hurry. Find them!” He shouted furiously.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean noticed Angel's attention drift to him, and his music. Dean liked the idea that Angel enjoyed listening to him play, and he smiled to himself.
He waited until Angel had completed a level, then with a yawn, suggested that they should get some sleep. “Busy day tomorrow; time for bed.”
Angel’s favourite thing seemed to be listening to Dean play his music, and it quickly became a routine that he would activate Colonel at the same time as picking up the guitar, and then they would sit together; Angel with a serene smile on his face. For Dean, it was sitting with Angel at the end of the day, playing whichever game Angel chose, or watching something on the screen. It felt gloriously domestic and comfortable, and the only thing that could make it better would be for them to take that final step and act on the sexual tension that was ever present - and growing - between them.
When they were all inside, they huddled together, smiling at Dean in a slightly unsettling way; giving off the strangest vibe, as if smiling was completely new to them.
He wanted to kiss Cas so bad, but Cas let go of his hands and strode toward Chuck, with revenge clearly at the forefront of his mind. As Cas advanced on him, Chuck looked unsure of himself for the first time, and Dean looked forward to seeing him suffer.
It was at least five minutes before they encountered anyone else, and Dean felt the moment Angel tensed up with worry about his wings. Dean didn’t say anything, but he ran his thumb over the back of Angel’s hand comfortingly, as a man who appeared to be in his forties rushed past them without a glance in their direction.
Dean was still musing on these questions when he was finished dressing and ready to face what this day would throw at him… hopefully. Coming back out feeling refreshed, he found Angel in the kitchen exactly where he’d left him.
Dean got a tray from the kitchen, and on it he placed a needle threaded with some silk thread Benny had given him, the sterile wipes and tape, a bandage, a lighter, a brand new pair of latex gloves, and the scissors he’d used earlier.
Once he’d found the elusive thing they continued walking, and they soon found themselves outside the temple once more. They went inside with a degree of caution, but thankfully, there was no sign at all of the creatures, so they could concentrate on finding the object they were looking for. With the help of Crowley’s EMF meter, it only took a matter of moments to locate it - it was a plain golden crown - and Dean picked up the wooden box it was kept in, hurrying back outside, ready to leave this place.
Cas stared back at Dean for what felt like hours, eyes boring into Dean’s soul, until finally, “I want to stay here,” he said decisively. Dean was certain he was going to cry now, as Gabriel and Claire looked between them, understanding of the situation beginning to dawn on their faces.
Despite their best efforts, Crowley and Balthazar hadn’t managed to stop the grace-draining; it seemed that the combined strength of a demon and one angel just wasn’t enough. Then, just as Crowley was beginning to give up hope for the angels’ survival, the power miraculously stopped flickering, and one by one, the angels began to revive.
The only way he could have crashed here was if he had fallen from one of the buildings that surrounded the alleyway. But why, and how? Surely a fall from that height would have killed him, or caused serious injury at the very least.
Well, this was new information. Dean hadn’t thought to ask that question when Angel confirmed that he didn’t know who did this to him. He only meant he didn’t know his name… how could Dean not have thought of that?
Dean and Castiel had barely set foot outside the Divinity Den, when they ran into a scene of mayhem. A group of angels were beating the ever living crap out of one of Loki’s men, while Crowley, armed with an angel blade, seemed to have taken on one of them single-handedly. Despite all evidence that the douchebag was dead, Crowley persisted in stabbing him, almost as if he was possessed.
As always, Angel ate like he was half-starved, only pausing when Dean complimented his pancakes. Dean watched fondly, only vaguely aware that he was staring.
Dean wanted to know where they stood, but he was busy formulating a plan; one that would hopefully save the angels, restore Heaven’s power, and maybe even rid them of Loki for good. They would need the samulet, the Book of the Damned and a way to read it, and there was no time to lose. “Alright, alright, listen up. This is what we gotta do. Castiel, you and I, we're gonna get the samulet. Sam and Bobby, you see if you can locate the Book of the Damned, and find a way to decipher it. Crowley, you take Ash. Look for every angel banishing sigil, and destroy them all.”
Only Dean and Cas were left backstage now, and Dean gazed into the angel’s eyes, and smiled at him. Cas smiled back, and Dean wondered if he had any idea what was going on. This was something he would have to explain later though, as now was the time to give the crowd what they wanted. After taking a moment to mentally prepare himself for what was about to happen, he gave Cas a quick peck on the lips, before taking his hand and tugging him around the curtain and onto the stage.
He tilted the screen so that only Cas’s face could be seen, and he heard a gasp and a sniff on the other end.
Dean scrolled through to find his message, then handed it to Cas, who read that and Gabriel’s message multiple times before turning back to Dean. His eyes were watering, and so were Dean’s, if he was being honest.
“We’re gonna need that washcloth back,” Dean quipped, when Cas’s breathing slowed once again. “And for the record, I’m ecstatic that you’re staying.”
Dean congratulated himself on getting the ball rolling as he tidied away his bedding and poured himself a coffee. He had no idea how long it would take for Angel to learn enough sign language to be able to tell Dean what had happened to him, but this was a start at least.
Having to help Angel dress everyday was becoming increasingly awkward for Dean, and the little noises Angel made when his wings were touched only made it worse. Dean couldn’t tell if it was hurting Angel, or if it was something else entirely, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to examine it too closely.
"It looks good," Dean said, not knowing if he should broach the subject of the super fast healing. "How's the arm?"
He also wanted to get a better look at those wings. After the initial sight of them in the alleyway, he hadn’t been able to see much more than brief flashes, as his main concern had been getting Angel into his apartment. Once he had tended to the injuries, though, he hoped to see them more clearly.
Thankfully, Angel didn’t seem to notice; or if he did, it didn’t bother him, and he gathered up the rest of the clothes - shirts excepted - and spent the next few minutes trying them on, too. Dean was very grateful that none of them were as figure-hugging as the jeans, and he was able to calm himself down before standing up again.
Thank god Dean needed to finish preparing the meal; the longer he stood there watching Angel, the more he felt like a creeper. Turning his attention back to his cooking, he tried to think about anything other than the man in his living room… and failed.
Eventually Dean got fed up with waiting, asking, “You gonna try them on? You won’t know if they fit unless you do.”
When he arrived at the apartment, Dean could tell instantly that something was wrong; he was fidgety, and when he sat down, he perched nervously on the edge of the seat.
“Yeah, he's out there.” Ash replied, pointing ahead of them, then following behind with a “Hey, guys,” as if that would slow them down.
There was a barely-there reaction from Angel at hearing the name Dean had given him; a brief look of surprise. He looked like he was considering the name, and Dean started to think maybe it was a bit much under the circumstances.
, Dean thought to himself, fighting to push the images that were coming into his mind back down, as Angel’s hand moved smoothly over Colonel’s head. This wasn’t helping at all.
Crowley had never tried to hide his distaste for these conventions, and today was no different. He glowered with barely disguised loathing at every fan who approached him, and the situation was not helped by the fact that every single one of them insisted on saying that hated line to him.
“Okay, go do… whatever you need to, and I’m gonna get you some clean clothes. 'k? Use the towel and washcloth on the shelf behind the door… they’re clean.” Dean nodded at Angel as he peered curiously into the bathroom, then went in and closed the door behind him.
“Did it ever occur to you, had you been more supportive, that we might have been able...” Dean started, about to point out that they could have had a thing if she’d been so inclined. He didn’t finish that thought, however, because he was interested in someone else now, plus they had stopped in front of a temple-like structure. It was huge and imposing, and although its appearance suggested it was long-abandoned, Dean couldn’t help marvelling at it.
"Hello, Dean." Sam had his serious face on, but Dean couldn't tell if the news he had to impart was good or bad. "Can I come over?"
By way of encouragement, Dean began to gyrate his hips; gently at first, then more insistent. This eventually brought Angel back to his senses, and he suddenly pulled out, then thrust back in hard.
Cas smiled somewhat sheepishly, as if he felt guilty for constantly winning, but there was no way he would win
Dean wasn’t really listening, because Blue Eyes appeared to be having difficulty tearing his eyes away from Dean, and Dean was mesmerized.
Cas held up his hand, indicating that it should be five, and Dean couldn’t help laughing; it was good to see his sense of humour come out, especially after such a serious conversation.
Dean admonished himself. The guy was vulnerable and totally at Dean’s mercy. He coughed to cover up his thoughts and looked away, concentrating once more on the task at hand.
Once Dean had submitted his order, he slapped his hands on his thighs and said decisively, "Time to get some work done, I guess."
Dean really didn’t want to get another smack on the head; it was still hurting like a sonovabitch from the first time. He was about to discover, however, that was not what Chuck had in mind.
“We are agreed on that. But Harry believes he can read enough of it to perform a spell that will reverse time by thirteen seconds.”
“How are you with a knife? You any good at chopping onions?” he inquired, as he took out one of the vegetables in question.
“How adorable! The actors are going to play witches with me,” he barked.  “Let me remind you, I am a god. If you are counting on me to blink, then you are making a deadly mistake.”
Back in his realm and feeling victorious, he had a sudden bad feeling when one of his men approached. “I have just received word that Dean Winchester and his friends have escaped custody.”
The female angel lifted her radio to her mouth, and spoke into it. “Castiel, sending four more humans...”
Cas nodded appreciatively. “Sam told me you worked on her yourself. You must be very good with your hands.”
Dean responded with a heartfelt, “I didn't know that.”  Sam didn’t often see genuine emotion on Dean’s face, but it was all too clear now.
Dean got the coffee on not a moment too soon, as the door cam buzzed, announcing Eileen's arrival. He let her into the building, then watched Angel as he came into the room. His hair was noticeably damp, and Dean hoped it wouldn’t be obvious to Eileen that his was too. Not that he was embarrassed about what he and Angel had gotten up to last night - and again this morning - but Dean would prefer to tell her when he was ready.
Looking at the printer, he could see that the cast was ready, and that helped him decide on his plan of action. Gluing the two sides of the cast together would take far less time than the stitching, and Angel would be able to move easier once his arm was immobilized.
Dean wondered if the determined way Castiel was moving against him, and using his hands and mouth to explore as if he couldn’t get enough of the feel and taste of him, was because Castiel figured they probably didn’t have much time before they were interrupted. Or maybe it was that over the last few days, he’d fantasised about this as much as Dean had. Either way, it felt good... really good.
Dean stared at Angel’s face as he bit his lip while focusing all his attention onto the game. The graze had all but disappeared, and… dear god, he really was unbelievably handsome. The way he was nibbling on his lip in concentration drew Dean’s attention to them, and how deliciously plump and pink they were. Had they always been that attractive?
Crowley scowled at him and snatched the picture from his hand, silently writing on it before handing it back, now bearing his signature.
When Angel returned, Dean told him that he could have as much coffee as he wanted, even showing him how to make more once the pot was empty. Whether he would actually do that remained to be seen, but he hoped that some gentle coaxing would help.
Making a move for the door was exhausting, but he made it. Standing outside in the rain, he knew he had to get further away, but how?
Dean clicked the button that allowed Eileen to enter the building, and her face disappeared from view. As he closed the screen and put the computer away again, he tried to come up with a plan for what to do if the worst happened. Panicking was the best he could come up with.
After all the gifts had been exchanged, they’d spent the rest of the evening watching Christmas movies and arguing about which one was the best. Sam was adamant it was
This happiness was short-lived, however, when Crowley stormed off, without another word, the others following behind him. “You're going? Crowley, this is not... I'm not kidding here. This isn't some kind of prank! I'm not kidding. Guys, guys, listen. Come on.”
They were lying in bed, and Cas was on top of him, pressing him into the mattress and peppering his face with kisses.
They seemed to be taking small steps in the right direction, and this realisation calmed Dean enough for him to drift off again, much sooner than he would have expected.
The truth was, Dean was much more likely to do as Kevin suggested than stick rigidly to a recipe, but Kevin didn’t know that. Dean huffed a laugh, then sighed dramatically for effect. “I know, but it’s not easy to change the habits of a lifetime.”
Turning back to Angel as he continued preparing the batter, Dean found himself mesmerised by the way the guy's wings fluttered as he moved. They were graceful, beautiful even, and Dean wanted more than ever to touch them. Berating himself for his improper feelings, he coughed to get Angel's attention, and to cover up his thoughts too.
They ate once again at the table in the living room, and once again, Angel went for the food like he might not get any more in the foreseeable future. Dean was both fascinated and appalled by what this revealed about Angel; he seemed to like whatever food he was given, but… he would guess that either food had been deliberately withheld from him, or he had not been fed regularly because of neglect. Both of those scenarios were horrible to contemplate.
“Benny is really a good guy… the best. I told him about you, and your wings, and he won’t say anything to anyone. You can trust him, and if you can’t do that… trust me.”
Angel’s eyes lit up at the sight of the shirt, with its image of the main dragon from Dagon’s Dragons, and he smiled happily. Dean went back to the bathroom, picked up the scissors, and cut two slits into the back, just as he’d done with the other shirt, then he brought it to Angel and helped him put it on. He didn’t flinch as much when Dean touched his wings, but he did make a noise in his throat that Dean couldn’t quite identify.
They were now in a large but empty room, and Dean tripped over a step he hadn’t spotted on the floor. Thankfully, Blue Eyes put his hands out to help steady him, his hands holding on to him a few moments longer than necessary.
When he glanced over and caught Jo staring at him before quickly looking away, he made the decision to go over to talk to her. Which was momentarily halted by a couple of extremely eager young men approaching him at the table and babbling on about some technical stuff, but Dean was barely listening. Not now that he had Jo in his sights.
Padding out into the living room on his socked feet, Dean picked up the bag he’d left on the table, as he wondered which he should attend to first; the broken arm or the wound.
This all got Dean wondering again about how things were going with Sam, and Chuck's arrest. Surely some progress must have been made by now.
Was he really that ignorant? Sam mused as he became aware of the ever rising tension out in the auditorium. The crowd was now chanting, ‘we want the crew’, while poor Ash carried on trying to distract them, despite the probability that no one could even hear him.
“Nothing, I just thought it'd be more complicated than that.” Dean pressed the button, and was amazed to feel the door opening. Inside it sat the samulet, but there was no sign of the Colt. He had no idea what had happened to it; all he could hope was that the bad guys hadn’t gotten hold of it.
“I should have these done in two days… three, maximum,” Benny said, as Dean handed him the shirts. “The coat will take a while longer. That sound okay?”
Sam answered in the negative, before voicing his concerns for his brother’s well-being. “I mean it. I mean it, Crowley. I've never seen him lose it like that. Not to a fan. I mean, it was just weird.”
Dean watched as Sam put his hand in his pocket, and began tapping his fingers rhythmically against the side of his computer. Eileen had helped Sam devise a way to alert the police station if an officer was in danger, using good old-fashioned morse code. Sam didn’t need to speak, or even take the computer out of his pocket, thus reducing the risk of attracting the attention of the bad guys.
“Well, you know what? I think I'll take my chance with Lupir,” he said as Lupir knocked him to the ground, and set fire to his jacket.
He pressed send, and waited for what seemed like an eternity, but was actually more like thirty seconds. When the reply came, Dean practically jumped out of his seat, and he read it eagerly.
Where was 'home' anyway? Was anyone missing him… wondering where he was? Dean had so many questions, and not one answer.
As if sent to save him, and definitively prove that he was telling the truth, three of the angels - two males he didn’t recognize, plus the female he’d interacted with - suddenly appeared and approached Dean.
Angel nodded his head and returned his attention to his coffee, but he didn’t take any more sugar. As he took his first sip of the drink, Dean found himself mesmerised by his reaction. He closed his eyes and his lips turned up into a satisfied smile, as if it was the greatest thing he’d ever tasted.
“Oh, fuck, yeah. Just like that.” Dean groaned at the dual sensation of their cocks being pressed together, and Angel’s hand expertly guiding him towards his orgasm.
The door opened, but it was not their friends Castiel and Balthazar that stepped through; instead, they were confronted with a larger than life and very angry-looking Loki, flanked by a group of what could only be described as henchmen.
Dean wanted to make some kind of comment about their disheveled appearance, but… they were too adorable. Plus, he was really happy for Sam. He was still going to wipe the floor with him, though.
Dean had already been through all of this, and he watched his ‘crew’ with a knowing smile, while they processed this information.
“Okay then.” Gabriel visibly relaxed, and smirked at his brother. “I guess this changes everything.”
The guy gave him a look of pain - or was it sadness - and Dean’s laughter didn’t seem to be helping the situation any.
When the door cam buzzed, Dean was surprised to see Eileen waiting to be let in along with Sam, especially as she had only been there that morning. Dean could only assume that Sam asked her to accompany him for moral support, given her already-established connection with Angel.
Dean was still imploring Crowley to stay. “You will go out there,” he said, grabbing handfuls of Crowley’s lapels.
Clearly in no mood to indulge Dean’s pathetic attempt at humor, Crowley clutched his head in his hands and turned away in anger, leaning on the cracked surface of the vanity. To avoid punching his brother, Sam stomped back to the door to the stage, and stood, his back pointedly turned to his brother. Jo adopted a similar tactic by sitting with a newspaper held right in front of her face. Only Bobby was unaffected by the rising irritation in the room, and he silently carried on trying, and failing, to open the cookie tin.
Sam looked uncomfortable, and Dean waited for him to explain himself, but nothing he could say was going to stop him from going after the man he loved…
As the three of them hugged each other fiercely, even Claire seemed overcome with emotion at the sight of her uncle… hmmm, Cas and Gabriel were both her uncles. How did that work?
"You're gonna arrest him, right? Throw the fucking book at him, and if he accidentally falls on his way to the cells, who cares? Right?"
Angel cried out in pain and his body tensed, and his wings flared out in an almost threatening manner.
Crowley shoved Dean backwards. “Hundreds of angels to disappear, just because you want to play at being a hunter, you raving lunatic.”
“Oh, God! I knew it, I knew it! I knew this was gonna kill me!” Ash continued, as he and Jo caught up with the rest of them. Dean handed him the box, then grabbed him by the arm and pushed him through the rift.
Evidently, Castiel had done some thinking while they were apart, and decided that Dean had lied about the acting. Maybe that was just as well... although as Dean was hoping that Castiel would come back to earth with him, the truth was bound to come out eventually, wasn’t it?
After rifling through the toolbox in his kitchen and finding the measuring tape, Dean very carefully took a few measurements of Angel’s arm, then switched on his printer. He entered the required information into his pocket computer, and the 3D cast began printing. He calculated it should be done by the time he got back.
Dean was certain his eyes had been a dull grey, but now they were practically glowing, and a stunning shade of blue.
He nodded at Cas for confirmation, then once he'd got a nod in reply, he clicked the button to let them into the building, and went out to wait by the elevator.
Dean could hear Ed’s conversation with his mom through the angel radio, as she insisted that he take the trash out.
“No, it’s just a saying. We’re waiting for Sammy and Eileen, and then we’ll play. But game morning sounds weird.”
Dean suddenly noticed the look of terror on Mystery Man's face, as he extended his wings, seemingly unintentionally.
Benny accepted a modest payment for his work, before announcing that he needed to leave, and Dean walked him to the door. He hadn’t mentioned anything about Dean and Angel, but as he hugged Dean goodbye, he obviously felt that the time was right to say something.
Samandriel switched on his angel radio, and put it to his ear. “I believe the word translates as fang,” he informed them after a few moments.
Cas had been watching this exchange unfold, and Dean could see that he was thinking about something. Eventually he asked, “My things?”
Eileen’s eyes widened in surprise, but she smiled and nodded at his request. “I would be happy to teach you too, Dean.”
It might have been his brother Sam who was the detective, but Dean never had been able to resist a mystery. The alleyway was dimly lit, but there was enough light to be able to make out a figure lying on the ground, barely moving. Drawing closer, he could see it was a man, and he looked very confused… and scared. He was also practically naked; wearing nothing but a pair of ripped pants.
They went inside and found a good spot, and Dean prepared to show Cas his surprise. He turned away and unbuttoned his shirt, then slipped it off to reveal the t-shirt underneath, bearing the message:
“This episode was badly written!” He muttered under his breath, and he felt Castiel tense up behind him. He had a horrible feeling that Castiel had heard that... hopefully he didn’t understand what Dean meant by it.
“Dean Smith, Dean Winchester!” The MC practically screamed, as the noise from the crowd reached fever-pitch.
they were going to die! He closed his eyes as they plummeted to their death, but before they hit the dumpster, he felt Cas’s wings unfolding - without releasing the almost death grip he had on him with his arms - as something began pulling them upwards.
Sam and Crowley finally realized what was happening, and accepted that Dean had been telling the truth, releasing him with sheepish expressions on their faces.
She started back towards the front door, before stopping and facing them. “I’m really happy for you. You’re very cute together,” she said, before rushing off through the door.
Without a word Cas stood up and, never breaking eye contact with Dean, removed the garment and placed it on the chair next to him.
As soon as Gabriel and Claire arrived the next morning, Claire asked if she could help Cas in the kitchen. Cas accepted her offer gratefully, so Dean and Gabriel left them to their cooking, and sat themselves on the sofa with their coffees.
“Nice one, baby bro. If you can cook as well as you can sign, count us in.” Gabriel winked, and patted Cas’s shoulder.
“Sir, I am Inias, senior officer in the garrison.” The guy sitting directly opposite spoke for the first time, and his voice was just as odd as Blue Eyes’, although not as deep.
“I only found out Cas’s name two days ago,” Dean snapped. “I would’ve told you earlier if I’d known… of course, I would.”
“Where did you learn to do that? Are you a chef or something?” Dean stuck his hands into the bowl to thoroughly mix the ingredients.
Dean found he was suddenly terrified, as icy cold tendrils of fear ran down his spine. “You really don’t want to test me,
Angel reached down and pulled up the leg of his pants, until the bandage was fully revealed. Dean unwound it, and wasn't surprised at all to see that the cut was completely healed. At this rate of healing, maybe leaving the stitches in any longer would be a bad idea; Dean was concerned that this would make removing them more difficult.
“Angel, it’s good to meet you… finally.” Sam extended his hand to Angel in greeting. “Good luck with this one… you’ll need it.”
“Come on,” Crowley said with a glare. “Oh, I've forgotten, you've got to be the hero, haven't you? Heaven forbid anybody else gets the spotlight! Oh, no! Dean Winchester… Of course, it's always about you, isn't it?”
“Right?” Describing the predicament regarding Angel was a sure way to make Dean reflect on it more, and he shook his head solemnly. “He’s gotten better already though, after only three days. Just being away from wherever he was, is helping him.”
While getting to know each other intimately, Dean discovered that Angel’s wings were extremely sensitive, and he really loved it if Dean ran his hands over them when he was about to come. This gave him the most intense orgasms, that would rip through him, leaving him exhausted but definitely satisfied.
He shook Angel’s hand, then signed ‘goodbye’, telling Dean with a bashful shrug, “I kinda learned a few signs,” before leaving with the bundle of clothes under his arm.
When the noise sounded again, he put down the EMF meter and tried to locate the source, opening his desk drawers and searching through them without success. Bewildered, he was about to get back to working on his meter once again, when he heard a disembodied voice that sounded distinctly like Dean Winchester, saying, “Hello? Anybody there?”
Clearly in no mood for games, Chuck held the back of Dean’s head, and shoved a cloth in his face. Even with his bruised, swollen nose, Dean could smell sweet chemical fumes, that he knew had to be chloroform. He squirmed in an attempt to avoid it, but there was no escape.
She hissed at the man holding her, and struggled to break free. “You asshole! Let go of me!” The hold on her was too strong, however, and he started dragging her away.
“You’re injured; I’m not. You need to sleep in a bed, no argument. Okay?” Dean spoke firmly, and Angel calmed down as he appeared to accept that Dean wasn’t going to budge on this.
“Good boy. I will call again to arrange the swap.” Chuck ended the call, and laid the computer on the table, next to Dean.
Angel jumped as Dean’s voice cut through the silence, and he stopped eating for a second, before taking another bite.
The guy with the book then spoke into his angel radio in some kind of strange language. It was probably some made up language,
Cas didn’t contribute to the conversation, but he listened eagerly, and laughed heartily at some of the stories, especially the one about when Sam showed the school bully that he wasn’t someone to be messed with. Dean remembered how proud he’d been of his brother… and impressed, too. Sam had shown some unexpected combat skills, and no bully dared come near him after that.
Dean could sense Angel's entire body trembling as they ran, and he only hoped they could reach the apartment without further incident. Thankfully, they reached the building quickly, and there was no one else around as they waited for the elevator, trying to catch their breath.
The screen in the auditorium faded to black, and Ash, who was MC for the opening event of day one of the
Angel shook his head frantically, and Dean realised that he needed to show as much determination as possible, without spooking him.
“Sorry,” he said, backtracking. “It’s just… you sure you haven’t played this before? Are you hustling us?”
“Puny god,” Dean muttered under his breath, as Sam, Crowley, Bobby and Ash jumped up and down, punched the air, and cheered in celebration.
“Open the portal back to earth,” he commanded for the final time. He greatly preferred acting as a profession; it was much less hazardous to his health, and there were far less evil entities trying to destroy him.
Leaning forward, Dean put his mouth next to Angel’s ear, and groaned. “I know you thought about it too. That’s why you lured me into the bedroom, isn’t it?” Angel looked shocked, as if he’d been caught out, and Dean realised he needed to show him that he was fully on board with the subterfuge. Cupping Angel’s face tenderly, he added, “You couldn’t hold back any longer could you, and
To demonstrate the truth of his words, Cas easily broke whatever it was that Dean had been bound with, and took his hands in his. “I love you, too,” he said, and Dean’s stomach was suddenly filled with butterflies.
“Just keep shaking it off. It gets better.” Dean said, noting how different the reactions of Sam, Crowley, and Jo were from Bobby’s, who was gazing around at their surroundings in wonder.
Angel was still in the bathroom, and it would take Eileen at least a couple of minutes to get up here. If Angel came out before she arrived, he could just tell him to hide in the bedroom and keep quiet. Of course, it didn’t work out that way, and very soon Dean heard a knock on the door.
There was a tap on his bedroom door, then his mom opened it and stepped into the room. “Ed, honey, the garbage.”
Just as he was about to ask Angel to please hurry up, the fingers were withdrawn, and he heard the rustling of a condom wrapper. There was a beat of hesitation, before Dean found himself on his back once more, and he was staring into Angel’s faintly glowing blue eyes.
all Sam could see was Dean hitting their friend, and to make matters worse, she was a woman, who was tiny compared to him. Dean knew how bad this must look.
Dean pulled him into his arms, murmuring, “Sorry, Angel. I won’t go anywhere.” Then, making eye contact with Eileen, he mouthed, ‘I don’t know what to do’.
He found himself being maneuvered on to the step on the floor, which it actually turned out, was a kind of podium.
Heading towards the store he was supposed to be at like, an hour ago, he could hear some excited chatter ahead of him; it sounded like some fans, who were discussing the Book of the Damned. He didn’t listen too hard though, as he was focused on nothing but the angel radio in his hand. Could he actually contact Blue Eyes with this? Not looking where he was going, he was about to see if the thing worked when he collided with something hard; it was a person, who fell to the ground with a thud, along with Dean’s angel radio.
Dean went back to the kitchen, with Angel following closely behind. He could practically feel his breath on his neck as they walked, and it warmed Dean's heart to know that Angel was comfortable enough with him to get this close.
they just needed Jo - and probably Hannah, considering the way those two were around each other - and this adventure would be over. Dean clapped his hands together decisively. “All right, set her up.”
Dean watched as a tiny smile flicked across Cas’s face, before he turned to Naomi and struck her instead.
“Sir, I am Samandriel,” the other previously silent guy then spoke up. “I would like to explain the history between our kind and the god Loki in greater detail.”
He saw Angel's face fall at the suggestion, and decided to let it slide for another day. It was nearly midday by now, plus surprisingly, Angel didn't actually smell bad, even though he probably should.
It was awful seeing Angel like this; they’d had a good day, and other than the little problem of him flinching if Dean touched him, they had gotten along pretty nicely. Oh, and him not wanting to wash, and the not speaking… okay, maybe it was time to admit that the good parts were just masking the reality of the situation.
Armed with angel blades and an assortment of ingredients for counter spells, Dean and Castiel took an elevator down to the correct level. Castiel watched Dean silently the entire time, but Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to know what the angel was thinking, so he kept quiet too, until they reached the floor they needed.
Angel did as Dean suggested - Dean did his best not to stare - then when the shampoo was all rinsed away, Dean passed Angel the body wash.
Being able to go outside safely and anonymously meant that their after dark walks very quickly became a welcome and vital part of their routine. Eileen would visit in the mornings for their ASL lessons, and in the afternoons Dean spent as long as he was able working on his music, with Angel listening enraptured.
“Come on, come on!”  Dean turned around to the rest of the cast, and gestured for them to come to the front of the stage for their share of the applause. They stayed where they were though, looking at him uncertainly. He realised he’d been a selfish prick, always hogging the limelight, but that was all going to change, starting today. Or maybe tomorrow.
Bobby disappeared from Dean’s view and the crowd went wild, as Sam joined Bobby on the other side of the curtain, and the MC continued with his introductions.
Thankfully, it seemed that leaving before Heaven completely shut down was too important to Loki, and as Dean and his friends hid around the corner, the god and his men left the room to make their way back to whatever hole they’d crawled out of.
Dean told himself as the other guy shook his hand and stared at him like he was looking into his soul. He was probably wondering why Dean was acting so flustered; it wasn’t like the guy was expecting to get hit on at a children’s party, after all. He was probably straight and married anyway, although there was no sign of a wedding ring… mind you, men didn’t always wear wedding rings, did they?
Sam’s eyes widened, but he didn’t say anything; he took a bite out of the sandwich Eileen had prepared for him, and hummed appreciatively.
The cruel taunts devastated Dean; cutting him deeply, like a knife to the heart. Yeah, it was true he wasn’t getting much acting work these days, but his fans - their fans - loved these conventions. They were always sold out, dammit. That meant something, surely.
“No, I don't, but I know someone who does.” Dean lifted his angel radio to his mouth, and pressed the call button to connect him with the one person he knew would be able to help.
"She's been through a lot, hasn't she?" Dean sighed, and followed Gabriel's gaze. "She's lucky to have you."
Chaotic scenes then ensued, as Jo was grabbed and pulled forward by more of Loki’s men, and Crowley, Bobby, and Ash were immobilized.
Dean was grabbed from either side by Loki’s douchebags and held firmly, as the god approached him, full of fury. “Then tell me, how do you decipher it, this Book of the Damned?”
and the shows’ stars, just a little bit. Of course he still loved them, and wanted to become a hunter of supernatural creatures too; he just needed to stop blurring the lines and accept that that world wasn’t actually real.
With an impressive dexterity and show of strength, Angel manoeuvred Dean again, and he found himself on his back, with Angel straddling him. There was a chink of light coming through the crack in the curtains, and Dean could see Angel gazing down at him in wonder… almost as if he couldn't believe what he was seeing.
As soon as they’d finished they cleared the table, then Angel went back over to the sofa. Dean cast his gaze around the room to check that it was fit for Eileen’s visit. It was acceptable, he decided, but he would need to give the place a good cleaning later. The water stain on the sofa still needed fixing, and he knew without checking that the bathroom was a disaster.
“Yeah, don’t worry about it; I get where you’re coming from. If anyone hurt my brother, I’d kill ‘em.”
Dean watched Angel's expression go from a smile at the sight of Dean, to one of fear at the mention of a shower.
Dean’s heart broke a little for the man in front of him in that moment, and yes… he was a man, not an angel, he could see that clearly now. There were visible surgery scars where the wings were attached to his back, and the wings were very obviously artificial. They were white and had a sleek shine to them and were speckled with faint blue spots, and at first glance they could be mistaken for the real thing. Dean was going to have to touch them if he was going to get this shirt on Angel, but he would try to keep the touch to a minimum; he certainly wouldn’t run his hands through the feathers like he wanted to, he would never violate his trust in that way.
The shouts of, “We want the cast,” had now reached fever pitch, so it was just as well that the stage crew guy picked that moment to signal to Ash that he could at last start announcing the cast.
Dean really didn’t want to go back through those damned traps again, so he was very relieved when Castiel pointed to a one-way door to the right of the safe, and led him through it.
Angel blinked at the sudden brightness of the light, and Dean apologised. “Sorry it’s so harsh, but I couldn’t see anymore.”
the sound was even better than his chuckle - and there was a mischievous twinkle in his eye when he said, “I’m sorry. I didn’t bring my Prezi presentation with me.”
Sam and Crowley grabbed him from behind and pulled him away, as Loki lay on the floor, pretending to be injured.
Angel leaned over the table and carefully touched the ‘dog’ on the head, and in return Colonel walked around the table and sat next to him. Angel tilted his head and gazed at him - as he did with everyone and everything he encountered - and Dean had a sudden realisation that the reason he stared at everything so intensely was that he was trying to re-familiarise himself with everyday things, such as eggs and robot dogs.
When Jo and Hannah came into the room a moment later, holding hands, Dean pulled out of the embrace and took hold of Cas’s hand too.
The face of ‘Loki’ appeared like an apparition in front of them, in a cloud of green smoke - like the Wizard of Oz, but with better special effects - and Dean was struck by how good his makeup was; his face was blue and looked like there were real icicles growing out of his skin, and his eyes were red. He was seriously fugly… Tom Hiddleston he most certainly was not. Dean peered at the ‘god’ over the top of his sunglasses, and gave him a smile.
Onstage, and about to introduce the actors, Ash was dismayed to receive the signal from a member of the stage crew that they were
“Thanks, Dean, I appreciate it. And so does Claire.” He hesitated for a moment, before adding, “Sorry again about that misunderstanding yesterday.”
Well, yeah, that was true, but this was a fucking adventure, and he wanted them along for the ride. “You guys want to go home?” he asked. “You say the word, we'll go home. Pay our bills, feed our fish, fall asleep in front of the TV, and miss out on all this.”
Walking around behind him, Dean stopped dead in his tracks at what he saw. As well as getting a good look at the quite stunning wings, he could see that Angel’s back was dotted with scars. It looked like he’d been repeatedly cut open.
For a few long moments, all Sam could hear through the radio was a crackling sound, and the longer it went on the more worried he became. “Dean,” he tried again, trying not to panic.
“And remember: mum’s the word,” Dean interrupted. Adding a “Shh, okay?” With a finger to his lips, he left to find Jo. He did not need these nerds talking to Sammy and the others, and pissing them off again.
“I can’t do it without the correct ingredients,” Jo whispered. “I don’t want to send Dean through the wrong rift.”
Dean already knew this part, but to encourage Angel, and out of respect for Eileen, he participated eagerly, as if he’d never seen it before. They quickly discovered that Angel was a fast learner, and after going over the letters a few times, he was able to sign each one at random, with barely a misstep.
Angel lowered his gaze and shook his head. He looked ashamed, and Dean felt bad for mentioning them.
“I doubt it,” Ed confirmed. “Although, if he had the codex, it would be possible for him to decipher it.”
he couldn't see an immediate solution to the current sleeping arrangements, but he wasn't sure how much longer it would be before his back started really protesting.
Dean felt a pang of disappointment that they didn’t believe him, but he could show them that his one actually worked. “No, no, no, no, no. But can you talk to the angels in Heaven on those?”
As the time drew nearer, Dean could tell that Cas was becoming more and more anxious about his wings, as evidenced by his constant attempts to fold them behind his back.
"Cas, I… I'm sorry," he started. "We went to Chuck's house, to arrest him, but… he's gone. It seems he realised we were onto him, and he’s run for the hills. Vanished.”
Sam really hoped Crowley was wrong, and it was just a bad day. “I... I'm worried. It just was not like him.”
“Alright, alright. Listen up,” he said, “here's the plan. Sam, Bobby, Crowley and I will go back and get the Hand of God. Ash, you set up a perimeter and Jo, you're lookout. You see anything at all, you give us a signal, alright?”
The final sign Eileen showed them was ‘hello’, then she took her leave, saying, “I’ll leave this sheet here. It will be a good way to memorise the letters until you’ve mastered them.”
Dean clapped his friend on the shoulder in a congratulatory way, and made a face at Sam. “Nice one, buddy. That’s some beginner's luck you’ve got there.”
Dean put the food into his mouth, closing his eyes as he savoured the taste. It really was good, and when he opened his eyes again he smiled at Angel and gave him a thumbs up. “Delicious,” he said, making the sign for the word as he spoke. In that moment he was glad that he’d taken the time to learn some ASL when he’d first met Eileen.
Angel frowned, but nodded in understanding as Dean lowered his legs until he was in a standing position once more. Dean moved over until he was fully under the spray, and stayed like that for a minute or two, soothing his tired muscles from two rounds of awesome sex.
“Okay! Yeah! Here we go,” he said into the microphone with a sense of relief. This had been a tough crowd.
Benny looked it over, then stood up and gestured for Angel to do the same. “This is perfect. I don’t know where you found it, but… kudos to you.”
He hadn’t expected to receive a gift back from Cas, so when he unwrapped a snow globe of the Chrysler building, the butterflies only got worse. It was kind of cheesy, and yet sweet too, and Dean loved it.
Dean handed him the clothes, which he took awkwardly with his broken arm before disappearing back inside the bathroom again.
There was another small door underneath a staircase in the corner, and Chuck ran through it, quickly followed by his archangels. Sam, Gabriel, and the extra police officers chased after them, and Dean was about to do the same, but Cas held him back.
