Steve feels pliant and loose, doesn’t really give a shit about anything so small as a cuddle, if that’s what Tony needs then, okay, okay.
Tony grins, and pulls Steve back into a kiss.
Steve buries his face in his hands.
“I love you,” Tony says, and he makes it sound so
“Well, don’t let Pep hear you say that,” Rhodey says, laughing a little.
He digs around his desk for a new notebook, disregarding the taste of metal on his tongue as he sets aside half-finished sketches and pencils.
Tony looks up at him. “I’m Iron Man.”
“Don’t.”
“We’ll find him, Steve. We’re trying.”
Steve cooks in silence, and eventually, Tony deposits his two empty mugs into the sink and moves to stand beside Steve, bumping their hips together. Steve transfers the cooked eggs into a plate, and the toaster dings. Tony takes an empty plate and busies himself with stacking the toast.
Like a creature from a pulp horror movie, Tony’s head peeks out from behind the door frame. His hair is up sticking up at odd angles. “I was drinking and I tried to put my cup down to get my phone but I missed the table,” he says miserably.
He smiled. “How about relaxing with Steve?”
“Now, hold on a second,” Steve says, a small frown beginning to form on his face. Barely perceptible, if you didn’t know the signs. “I already explained why—”
Tony laughs, and Steve joins him. After that, settling into bed beside each other doesn’t seem so daunting.
Natasha takes a sip of her drink. “Okay.” Of course, Pepper had already filled her in over what had happened, but Natasha respected Tony’s boundaries and didn’t want to pry—it was unbecoming.
“Jo,” Tony groans. “Coffee?”
“For breakfast?” Steve tries not to sound shrill, but he’s pretty sure he fails.
Steve shrugs, still feeling giddy with excitement. “Well, you had such great service.”
—Clint’s choice. Bruce is half paying attention, his feet tucked under him and knee knocking against Natasha’s, bouncing with anxious energy as his fingers fly over his tablet. He only looks up when Tony, seated on the arm rest beside him, tenses up.
Steve follows and pours each of them a glass of water. “Okay,” he says, drinking it down in one go. He hands the full glass to Tony, who takes a sip as he undoes his tie; Steve tries not to stare.
“The Adventures of Cavalier and Klay,” Steve says.
“Cut,” Nick shouts, sounding weary. “I need you to sound sweeter.”
“Hey.” Steve gently turns Tony to face him, recognizing that Tony doesn’t have a cold—he’s crying.
I didn’t want to break first, except over the past 48 hours I felt like a dog trying to catch its tail:
This is the first time Steve’s touched him there, Steve realizes, and pulls away quickly as if burned. Tony looks at him sharply, a question in his eyes.
Tony’s pacing around the room, looking close to tearing out his hair, and Pepper is perched on the armrest beside Rhodey, sipping on a cup of tea.
“If you’re sure,” Tony says, making a face. “You really don’t have to.”
Steve mulls over everything he’s read so far as Tony putters around the workshop, talking to JARVIS and firing up a welding torch.
“Can I see?”
Fic title:
“It’s easy,” Tony says, voice strained. “Just gonna—” and to emphasize his point, the reactor comes fully out of his chest with a
Tony walks into Steve’s bedroom before Steve, yawning before lying down.
“Ah, Steve,” Tony says, lifting goggles up and off his face before turning to smile at him. “C’mere.”
Steve shakes his head. Tony reaches over him to steal a sip of coffee.
, really. But finding Bucky shouldn’t be about fixing, in the first place.” Steve exhales. “I just wanted you to know that.”
Tony stares at Steve, looking small as he rests on the balls of his feet, hands on his lap and still kneeling in front of Steve.
“Is there anyone else in the tower?” Steve asks. “Or, uh, would you know when Tony’ll be here?” He adds.
“Sir seems done for the morning and will be going to the penthouse soon,” JARVIS says, just as Steve hurriedly slides into a pair of jeans.
It only takes a day or so for Steve to fully heal up, and in those hours that Steve is awake, he continues to read through Natasha’s files, trying to piece things together, to make sense of it all. By now it’s midnight, and Steve feels lonely, exhausted from all the reports about death.
“Continue,” Steve says placidly, rubbing circles on Tony’s back. It feels so new, to be able to touch him like this.
“Actually. No. Now. What the fuck,” Tony says, suddenly whirling around. He moves as if to take a step forward then stops, taken aback when he sees the look on Steve’s face.
Tony shrugs. “Figured the rest of you losers would like it.”
“I would like to place a bet of a whole tankard of Asgardian mead, that says Steven will break within five days,” Thor says, puffing out his chest and grinning sunnily at everyone.
Steve runs around Central Park an indeterminate amount of times, comes back to the tower and bumps into Tony, who’s sipping a cup of coffee, scrolling through his phone, and waiting for the elevator.
Pepper doesn’t need to look at Tony to know that he’s frowning at her; she can feel his irritation come off in waves.
He moves without thinking, out of Tony’s workshop, up to his room. He’s numb as he wraps his hands, walks to the gym. It’s like there’s a faint buzzing in his ears. It’s enough of a distraction to keep him occupied.
“After,” Steve says, pulling Tony close and wrapping his arms around his waist. “Tell me,” he prods.
Steve picks up the tablet again and heads to the communal floor, hoping to catch Tony as soon as he arrives. He sits on one of the plush white leather couches and looks through the news about the information Natasha had dumped. Seems like a good a starting point as any.
They begin walking unsteadily towards Steve’s apartment, Tony’s hands occasionally holding on to Steve’s arm to keep steady.
“I’d say grab a drink, but we’re already at a bar,” Steve says.
Steve always thought himself above begging. And maybe he was. But the more likely answer is that he just never felt the need to, at least until now.
“Okay.” Steve pulls out his phone, checks the list of movies people had recommended. “How about
him, finally.
Rhodey lets out a small laugh. “Well, Tones, you don’t look so bad yourself. At least, most of the time.”
Steve frowns. He’s never kissed anyone, not since Peggy, and that was literally a lifetime ago. And now, well. He hasn’t exactly had the time to go galavanting around. He frowns some more.
Tony tugs him out of the room, hand on Steve’s wrist.
“Nothing,” Tony laughs, just as Steve kisses the inside of Tony’s elbow. “I am just glad that you came to the bar.”
Steve’s smile drops, and he sighs. “Not really. I don’t know.” Steve feels raw, split open. It’s an uncomfortable feeling, and Steve hasn’t decided if he’s going to regret this.
Tony had balked at his taste, laughed and made him a playlist. Steve had tried to listen, but it was too loud. “You really are an old man,” Tony said, laughing as Steve tried to explain his distaste.
Steve smiles, one arm around Tony’s waist and the other resting squarely on Tony’s stomach as they pose for a photo. He turns and looks at Tony, smiling still, and Tony looks back at him, eyebrows lifted in an unspoken question. Then Steve leans forward, presses gently against Tony’s stomach until he’s leaning back, and Steve presses a kiss to his lips, and it feels so
to talk to Bucky.
The conversation ended too quickly, didn’t last long enough, and everything was tangled inside me like wires that needed managing. I left without saying anything else.
“Anyway it’s a lot. But like I said, we’re here, whatever you need. I sincerely have no idea how I’d be dealing with this if it were, I don’t know, Rhodey or something. Like what the hell. Really. Okay so the point has run away from me.”
he remembers thinking, fingers around the flask as he propped himself up against the glass door of the workshop to punch in his access code.
“Are you okay? Like. Inside. Because I’m getting worried about you,” Tony’s eyes flick to Steve’s face again for half a second before he looks away, and Steve is both grateful and pained. “What do you mean ‘okay’?”
“Steve—I’m sorry about earlier. And the night before. And a whole shit ton of things. And for writing on your notebook, too, I guess. I should just send you an email.”
“You still can, it’s not like the movie’s going anywhere.”
“That’s okay,” Tony says. “You have my number.”
“Let’s have some supper,” he says, and hands Steve a towel for the blood on his hands.
“Yeah,” Steve lies.
“You always knew where to find me,” he says. His gaze stays on their hands, their fingers only loosely interlocked.
Steve remembers Tony reclining beside him, cracking an eye open to watch as Tony slathered on some sunscreen. He remembers Tony catching him watching, the smirk that formed on Tony’s lips, the way he leaned over and said, “Want me to put some on you?”
“Busy?” Steve presses a small kiss on the back of Tony’s neck. Tony can barely suppress a shiver.
The man crumples to the floor, and Steve doesn’t waste a second locating Stark, who pops his head over some crates to inspect what happened.
, Steve thinks. Maybe tomorrow morning they’ll just never talk about it, which would be better.
Steve makes a sound of protest, feeling his cheeks heat. “Oh,” he says. He bites his lip for a moment, then says, “you are too.”
Tony arches an eyebrow. “So I take it we’re at the 50s part of your pop culture education?”
At the first touch of tongue, Steve shivers, all his nerve-endings alight with tension, waiting to see where Tony will touch him next. Tony’s hand moves from Steve’s jaw to rest on his nape, scratching his scalp with his fingernails, and Steve is shocked by the sound he makes: a soft, small moan, right into Tony’s mouth.
“Tony, are you—”
Steve wakes up to the blaring of the alarm. He dresses quickly, grabs his tablet off his desk and hefts his shield before walking briskly to the elevator. The elevator stops on Bruce’s floor, and they nod at each other in greeting. They’re silent for a few seconds before the elevator doors open to the hangar floor.
Tony narrows his eyes at the abject betrayal. “I have important stuff to do, Steve.”
Steve reflects on this, runs a hand through his hair as if it’ll help tame the thoughts running amok in his brain. “Maybe Bucky would know,” he says, and it’s a strange thing to say, to even consider:
“Do you think we could…?” Steve trails off, as if he knew how stupid his question would be.
“Me, I’m saying it,” Tony says. Panic is beginning to bubble in his belly, slowly rising up his throat. Typical of him to mistake a eureka moment with a panic attack. Par for the fucking course for Tony Stark. “I’m being difficult right now.”
Steve sits up straighter. Natasha clicks on the autopilot and gets up from her seat to shake Clint and Bruce awake. Tony reaches over and tugs at Thor’s boot, waking him up as well.
“Well,” Steve stops himself from fidgeting, and swallows hard when he meets Tony’s gaze.
But he settles on, “What did you expect?”
“Of course,” JARVIS intones graciously, and Steve towels himself off, pressing his fingers to his sore eyes.
He wants to say,
There’s so much information scattered about the multiple panes of glass (they’re monitors, not just displays, Steve realizes belatedly), calculations running and being processed into lines of zeroes and ones. On the workbenches are neat illustrations of the armor and its ammunition, and one showing a blown up boot with what Steve assumes to be adjustments to the wiring.
“You’re too tense. No one’s going to believe us.”
Stark smirks and pours Steve a drink.
“The point is. I realized a few months ago that we were actually friends. Real friends. And I” a word is so heavily scratched out that when Steve checks, it’s bled onto the next page. “treasure our friendship a great deal. I want you to know that whatever happens, I’m here. I have your back. We’ll find Bucky, whatever it takes.”
“Guess I am now.”
“So we’re really doing this, huh,” he says as he dribbles ketchup onto his egg. Steve watches him and makes a face, which Tony catches and rolls his eyes in response.
“Oh,” Tony says, looking away. If Steve wasn’t so focused on his own shyness, he’d say Tony looked a bit timid, too. “Well, this is perfect, really, because I got you something too.”
“Jeez,” Steve says, scrubbing his face with his hand. “It’s been a while.”
Steve wakes up to Tony’s warm body still curled around him and Steve smiles so widely, his cheeks ache. He shifts a bit, noticing a crick beginning to form on his shoulder, and the movement wakes Tony up.
,” Tony huffs, oblivious to Steve’s inner musings. Then they’re inside, and Tony hushes him as they stumble toward the elevator.
Steve enters the empty workshop and drags both hands down his face, annoyed at how hopeful he had previously felt. Maybe the universe wanted him to survive, wanted Bucky to survive, wanted them all to be alive, but it certainly never wanted Steve to get to talk to Tony properly.
Tony smiles openly at Steve now, and nods. “I know.”
“It wasn’t Bucky,” Steve says, adamant. “It can’t. He wouldn’t.”
“See! God, if anyone could see this right now.” Tony sighs dramatically, but it’s undercut by the gasp Steve elicits by sliding a hand under Tony’s shirt. “Captain America plays dirty!” he crows.
“Yeah, no, it’s fine, of course, anything,” Tony says quickly, averting his gaze and fidgeting with his phone again.
Rhodey pets Tony’s hair and makes a small, inquisitive sound.
Steve remembers when he’d been so easily awed, when the reality of life had seemed far away, and then there were aliens and
“Don’t what?” Steve snaps reflexively. For all the ground they’d covered in their new friendship, it’s almost too easy to fall back into this old pattern of pushing each other’s buttons.
Tony finds out with his hands deep in JARVIS’ code. Former-JARVIS, actual-JARVIS, he hasn’t really decided on what to refer to the mess of numbers of letters that formed his former AI, and now, well—Vision, too. It’s all a mess, really, and Tony wanted something simple to do with his hands, minimal focus, low-risk.
“Okay, cutting to the chase, all right,” Tony says, smiling as he pours himself a cup of coffee. “Lay it on me.”
Steve considers this question and notices the dull pain, everywhere. “Like a bruise,” he says.
“You’re welcome,” Tony says, then reaches over to hold Steve’s hand. “Do you remember?”
I followed without comment, encircling Steve’s waist with my arm and resting my hand just shy of Steve’s stomach. We’d stood like this before, triumphant and rejoicing over a battle well-fought and won. Or other times, in private, too, fulfilling some base desire for human contact and trusting the other to provide it. But that was simplifying the issue; I wanted to be close to him. I wanted to get closer, always, and I’d take any chance I could get.
“Yes!” Tony shouts from the workbench. “Why!”
“Steve?” Tony rests his palm on top of Steve’s. Very faintly, he can feel Tony’s heartbeat under his palm.
Steve takes a few more licks of his popsicle before leaning back down and swiping his tongue against Tony’s neck.
“I didn’t know you were waiting.”
The next thing I know he’d flipped me onto my back. My hands flew up to his shoulders, but I didn’t know if I was going to push him away or pull him closer.
I can’t say how long we were there. Then, Steve sighed, heavy and deep.
“It’s been too long, Tony,” he says.
Chapter six:
Steve finishes these ruminations and begins inking in the sketch. He erases the pencil away carefully, and realizes that the lightness in his chest is hope. It’s a strange feeling, but not an unwelcome one.
“Never expected you to play favorites,” he teases.
“Tony,” Steve says, and his voice comes out infinitely calmer than he feels.
“What? No,” Steve says, disbelief coloring his tone. “That’s impossible.”
“They started hedging bets,” Natasha supplies, eyes on the screen. “You were getting along too well.”
Steve sits in silence with his sketchbook open in front of him. His mind humming with the thoughtless motion of twirling a pencil between his fingers. In front of him was a grand view of Central Park.
I wondered if this would just be another moment to add to the list of things we’d done, things that weren’t strictly platonic anymore, but not overt enough to mean anything. We’d gotten so good at pretending none of this mattered.
Pepper purses her lips, trying to hide a smile. “So do you want to?” She asks, before pulling Tony into another hug.
Clint, previously preoccupied with popping bubbles on his phone, turns his head up to the ceiling and says, “Hey JARVIS, play some Beatles for me, will you?”
It’s a perfectly normal Tuesday afternoon. That in itself should have been warning enough, but Bruce is sitting comfortably beside Tony on the couch, and he figures that he ought to make the most of the silence. Tony hums absently to himself as he adjusts calculations on his tablet. He’d come up from the workshop earlier to ask for Bruce’s help, and elected to stay upstairs in case he needed Bruce’s input again to save him the trip.
Tony freezes up.
“I mean, we could’ve gone for that whole, Hollywood and songs thing,” Tony says, still looking a bit sheepish in the blue light.
“Okay,” Tony says, because there’s a wild part of him that still thinks—there was a problem, there was a problem and if this is love, then what comes next? If this is constant, then what variable will arrive to change all of that?
“I don’t understand,” Steve says, resolve melting out of him as well.
Steve pulls out his notebook and starts sketching, the activity handily keeping his mind focused on reality.
Steve’s lips quirk into a smile. “Been looking forward to this.”
“Okay, tell me what happened,” Rhodey says, sighing as he sits down on Tony’s couch.
“But I can
Tony raises his eyes in response and holds a finger up, and Steve sits down with a sigh. Tony was doing too much. Ever since they became roommates, he was always doing too much, and a small part of him feels that Tony only suggested that they become roommates because Steve had asked. Which is to say, Tony never said no to anyone who asked anything of him.
Steve furrows his brow at the ceiling. “Okay, I wasn’t going to ask,” he says, feeling infinitesimally defensive at the implications of JARVIS’ statement.
He doesn’t need to conjure up anything to make himself flush; the script does the trick well enough, mostly because it’s true. He
Tony Stark is completely accustomed to wearing a smile for Hollywood, even when his mood is shot to hell. He wonders if he’s pulling it off right, because to him, it doesn’t feel convincing.
After carefully sitting down beside Tony, that close, he can hear the voice on the other end of the line that is almost akin to Tony’s.
“I’m actually working on something with Stan Lee,” Tony grins. “Who knows, second time may be lucky.”
When several uncomfortable moments pass without a word, Steve grows slightly tense. Here Tony is, far away from home, dealing with the idea of everyone knowing a truth that he is just starting to learn how to handle himself. Who knows what the world is doing with the information. Who knows where it will all lead.
“I could have gotten you so much more than they were willing to settle on.” Sharon states confidently. “We could’ve split it both ways and still remained with more. But you decided to screw me over.”
"Well that's good. Now we best be going shouldn't we Petey" Tony responded, at the same time he held out his hand and as excepted Flashed placed the strap of Peters backpack in it.
Peter took to action quickly, he stuck (no pun intended) to his job pretty well. There was surprisingly, or not, quite a few citizens still in direct danger. Peter didn’t understand it but instead of running away people seemed to be videotaping the events. He thought it was idiotic but who knew. He was a 16 year old kid running around in what was basically advanced pajamas fighting aliens.
“Da-da-daddy!” the child had cried and then proceeded to lift his arms up, hands making a grabby motion towards Tony.
Tony looked over at his son, "Peter you are the strongest person I know, and you ARE Spider-man. I love you but you cannot handle everything one your own, that includes a school bully because guess what? Your a kid and sometimes kids need help" Tony insisted.
Everyone gave a sound in affirmation and headed to the area that they had been told to meet at earlier. Peter being the furthest away had chosen to walk instead of swing because ‘they could wait.’ … maybe he was more annoyed than he thought.
"Peter what the actual HELL" Tony threatened. Everyone stood around Peter and just stared, mouths open, arms limp at their sides, "TONY" Steve scolded with not really any meaning. "No Steve, no. Our little boy suddenly got FUCKING spider powers, decided he wanted to be a vigilante, and ran around the city in spandex, SPANDEX STEVE. And for however long this has been going on he hasn't told us" Tony ranted. A tear slide down Peters cheek, he swiped at it with the back of his hand, he was not going to cry he told himself, this was his fault he made his bed so now he has to lay in it. Peter had to bit his lip to keep in the wall of tears building in his eyes when he looked at his pops and saw his glazed over expression. Uncle Bruce saw it to, "Peter? Lets go to the med wing and I'll stitch you up" Bruce coerced, he grabbed Peters hand and gently tugged, "But..." Peter whispered. Natasha bent forward and whispered into Peters ear "I think your pops needs a little time". She grabbed Peters other hand and he followed Bruce, Natasha, Vision, and Wanda to the elevator, Peter looked to his uncle Clint only to see him jump into the vents above. The doors closed and Peter saw his dad grab his pops waist and pull him into a hug.
FLASH BACK
"Hey Tin can. What's up?" Clint retorted.
Later that night when the sun had set and the food had been eaten, Clint scooped Peter into a hug before he left for his floor and said, "You're a great kid Pete. Never forget that. I love you." Then he kissed the top of his head and entered the elevator.
Peter woke at a normal time Sunday morning his wounds full healed. He turned toward his clock and checked the time, half past 6, so pops should be coming home from his run soon. Peter made his way to the washroom, he locked the door and turned on the tap splashing cold water on his face in hopes of that waking him up. He did his "business" and went to the kitchen to make himself some breakfast, he pulled up a stool and ate his cereal in silence. Before he even turned around Peter could hear the elevator doors open. "Hey Petey what are you doing up this early? It's Sunday" Steve joked. "I wake up this early on most weekdays pop" Peter replied. " Well I'm going to get dressed and wake your dad up then maybe we can all go out today" he suggested. "Sure pops just tell me where were going k" said Peter.
That sounded heavenly to Peter. He was a little disappointed that his fathers had him on such a tight leash but he was glad that they had at least let him join.
He heard a few soft chuckles which only fueled his annoyance. He thought they were getting over this. He wouldn’t be their ‘baby’ forever, actually correction technically he never WAS a baby around them. They adopted him when he was a little bit older and so they tended to baby him as a result of the years they missed. He understood but it was so annoying.
"Yes I know Tony, all I'm saying is. Never mind back to the actual issue, yes" Clint said.
Clint looked at him for a few seconds anger flashed in his eyes, then his lips curled into a smile and he broke out in laughter. "Oh My God Tony, you are such a father." Clint gasped out in between his laughter.
Tony wondered out loud. He decided he would wait 5 more minutes and then head inside to check what was taking his son so long. 5 minutes passed and Tony started to get antsy, so he made his way in quick steps up to the school. Tony was THE Tony Stark so he knew every and all information on Peters school, this information included where Peters locker and classes were. As Tony made his way to Peters locker he heard the incessant squeak of teenage voices, Tony instantly recognized Peters and then Ned's. He heard another voice but he couldn't tell who it was. Tony stopped dead in his tracks, his fists clenched at his side when he got close enough to hear the young boys conversation, "...Faggots, that's what they are. I don't know how people can look up to your faggot parents, are you gay like them? You getting lucky with your boyfriend Ned here?" the unknown boy taunted.
In the medical wing Bruce cleaned Peter's wound again and used a few tape stitches to close the wound for the time being. "Okay Peter time to open up, what happened?" Natasha questioned, Peter looked down at his feet swinging as he sat on the table, he looked up and spoke "Well you know the class trip I took like 6 months ago, well I went into a closed off lab and may or may not have touched some stuff I shouldn't have and was bitten by some weird spider thing. Then you know you ALL are super heroes so I thought the best option was to join the family business, and I now I do not the best decision but I got scared". Everyone looked shocked but not as much as when he told them he was spiderman. "Do you know all your powers" Bruce asked, "Well I can climb... well everything, and I have this like sixth sense for detecting danger" stated Peter. Wanda spoke up "What about the webs?" "Oh I made those!" Peter answered hoping off the table. Bruce looked at Peter wide eyed "You did?" Bruce asked, Peter just nodded. "Do you ever think they will forgive me. What if they don't want me anymore, what if their so disappointed with me they give me back" Peter whimpered, he looked back up at the four people around him, his big brown doe eyes filled with tears. Wanda shushed him and wrapped him up in a hug, Natasha joined them both of them resting her chin on the top of Peters head.
Steve had been talking to his husband, Tony’s back facing the western sector of the city when Steve had set his sights on his son who had emerged from one of the alleyways. He was about to turn back to Tony knowing his son was safe when in the corner of his eye he saw something big move.
"Stevie wake up" Tony said lightly kissing his way down Steve's neck. Steve's eyes fluttered open and he smiled. "Hi honey" he murmured kissing back a little harder. "As much as I would like this to continue this we have one not so little problem" Tony quipped gesturing to the small sleeping boy between them. Steve sighed dramatically but he still smiled when he looked at his adorable son's sleeping form. "Alright I'll carry him to his room" Steve suggested while he lifted Peter into his arms like a small child. Peter stirred a little but he stayed asleep. Once Steve got to Peter's room he laid Peter down and tucked the blanket his chin. Steve bent down and placed a kiss on Peter's temple. Steve turned to leave but Peter grabbed his hand. "Petey go back to bed baby" Steve coed. "K, I love you papa" Peter mumbled into his pillow. Steve kissed his temple again then left, as he was shutting the door he peaked back in at Peter and smiled, he hadn't called Steve papa since he was little. He was still his little boy and when he slept he looked even younger than usual, Steve wanted to know what was on Peter's mind but he also didn't want to push, so he would just have to wait and hope that Peter would tell him himself.
"Great! I can do that. Steve's making spaghetti." Tony exclaimed.
Not wanting to pull on his cut anymore Peter made sure he didn't bend or twist to much, "Petey boy we ordered some delicious pizza, come on over before your pops eats it all" Tony beckoned. "Coming" he called back, Peter grabbed a box of pizza which earned him a handful of glares, Peter flopped on the couch lifting his feet to rest on Wanda's lap. They started their evening together like so many others, with a fight about what to watch, Clint and Natasha wanted spy movies, Wanda and Peter wanted anything BUT that, Steve requested any movie that was closer to his time, Tony wanted robo-cop (of course), Bruce and vision seemed indifferent. Peter chucked an empty pizza box at Clint's head which he easily dodged and admittedly lunged for Peter, he landed on Peter's chest and messed up Peter's hair (which really wasn't that hard since Peter's hair was always a mess) but instead of the laugh everyone was expecting, Peter gasped in pain. He realized everyone's eyes on him and he tried to play it off as a joke but no one was fooled, and admittedly neither was Peter he felt the cut pull and seconds later he felt the stickiness of blood seep through the bandage.
The men nodded in agreement, Tony pulled his son into his chest, cuddling him to provide the child any form of comfort he could.
It took about 45 minutes to brooklyn and ‘luckily’ for the Avengers Peter always carried his suit on him. His dad had made him quite a few suits after they had found out about his ‘late night activities.’ Each one came with more and more security features. Peter had thought that it was excessive but after he had gotten shot and his fathers were not alerted because he had figured out how to remove the tracker and feature that alerted his dad to any injury he got he decided to let his dad do as he pleased. This may have been because of the fact that he almost bleed out on that roof or maybe because of the anger he say in his family's eyes, but nevertheless the tracker stayed.
Peter had gotten Happy to drop him off in an abandoned looking ally just outside of Brooklyn, he swung in and saw what look like large green aliens (?) shooting up downtown and generally instilling terror into the citizens of Brooklyn. Although Peter didn’t see the Avengers right away he was alerted to their presence when he connected to their shared comms and was assaulted by a barge of yelling and Pops giving out orders.
Peter, Natasha, and Clint trained for 2 and a half hours, it was harder for Peter than he thought. He was still new at his powers and he couldn't hurt his aunt and uncle, Aunt Nat kept yelling at him to stop pulling his hits but if he didn't he wouldn't be surprised if he actually hurt them. "Okay Pete I think that's enough for today" Clint yelled from across the gym, Natasha dropped her fist inches away from Peters face. Peter dropped to the floor his back hit the mat first with a loud thump. He was caked in sweat not really used to this much hand to hand combat. Now don't get him wrong Peter had no problem protecting himself from robbers and muggers but he could relay on his webs and spider powers then and unless he wanted to out himself to his family that was not going to work. He heard footsteps come up behind him and he pushed himself up to his elbows, "That was some nice work Baby boy" his dad said. "NOT A BABY" Peter attempted "But thanks", "Your always our baby" Pops coed. "Yeah yeah whatever you say" Peter panted holding his hand up for someone to help him stand. Instead pops grabbed Peter from his armpits and hefted him over his shoulder, "NO WAY, THIS IS RIDICULOUS. LET ME DOWN!" Peter yelped trying wiggle out of Steve's grasp. Steve only laughed, "Steve leave the boy alone" Tony joked kissing peter on his head. Steve put him down "go get dressed, we can go to that diner you like a few blocks away" Steve requested, Peter glared at them then turned on his heel and headed to the change room.
The corners of Tony's mouth down turned into a frown and he turned to face Flash who had pulled away. "Now I know you were NOT going to punch my precious son" Tony questioned.
The Avengers quickly ran to Peters aid hoping for the best but they really had no clue because of the thick dust that had upturned once Peter was hit.
"No problem man. But you can repay me." Clint added jokingly.
What settles in his mind, now that he’s fully awake, is the memory of Bucky looming over him, wailing down punches. This is the first time since he’d seen Bucky on the highway that Steve has had time to breathe and really think about the newest reality in his life: Bucky is alive.
I didn’t want to break first, except we’d still catch each other at odd hours in the mansion, but neither of us would stay, already deviating from our standard patterns and signaling that something had changed.
Steve beams up at Thor. “See. Like I said, you’re amazing.”
“Yeah, but.” Steve stops, not really sure what he meant to say next.
So Steve stares at the flask and thinks, a bit desperately:
We were silent. A plane flew overhead, and I wished I was on it, wished I was anywhere but here, like a coward.
Steve keeps his hands behind his back as he walks, his fingers flexing around the book he’d brought along. He takes another deep breath.
“I blame your weed.”
The scene has them both in their underwear, pressing against each other, hands roaming up and down each other’s sides, breathy moans and whispered pleas. It’s a standard scene, one Tony’s done too many times to count.
“You’re welcome,” he says, sarcasm dripping in his tone.
“Action.”
Everyone’s trying, all the time, and it hasn’t been enough, so what will make the difference? Nothing. Steve doesn’t say these words out loud, but an awful, bitter part of him wants to.
for you after tonight, Rogers, so help me—”
. What a concept it was, that he’d gleaned Tony’s tastes.
He feels antsy, but doesn’t want to go exploring alone. He looks over the tablet on his bedside, but doesn’t know what to do with it. There are no reports to be written, and it seems preemptive to use Tony’s tech to look for Bucky without Tony even knowing about it (or at least, knowing about it from Steve—he’s under no allusions that Tony doesn’t know about what happened in DC, but. There are probably parts only Steve can tell).
. Steve can’t help but be impressed (and he realizes, with faint horror, that when it comes to Tony, it’s not that hard to be amazed, anyway).
get to explain your way out of this,” Tony snaps, cutting him off. “Look. I get it, okay? I get that these are the guys that hurt Bucky, and you just want to find him.” Tony sighs, takes a deep breath, and exhales, before continuing. “But what you did back there, taking them all on unnecessarily—you and I both know that isn’t the way to find him.” Tony’s voice has softened considerably, and he’s fumbling absently with the hem of Steve’s blanket.
Tony considers him. “Then we should make tonight worth it, no?”
“Don’t do that again,” Tony says, cutting in to Steve’s thoughts as he leans back into his seat. Tony’s hand rises to his chest to rub at it.
“Could be happier.”
“Sure,” he said. “If you can manage it.”
“That’s why I—”
Steve reaches out instinctively to see the damage—no matter how many years of training he has, no matter how much bad he knows Stark has done, it’s still second nature for him to help, rather than hurt.
Tony bites his lip and looks away. Steve returns to massaging his temples.
, Steve thinks dazedly, and the thought comes then slips away so fast, that he doesn’t think on it.
“You know, I’ve wanted to do that for a while.”
It’s been months of their cat and mouse game, so when Steve walks into another anonymous, rundown safe house, he’s not surprised to find Stark sitting on a chair by the dining table, a glass of wine half-full in front of him.
Tony flinches, then looks up quickly. “Hey, hi, you’re awake, that’s good, how are you feeling?”
“You sure he’s in the right place?” Tony asks Jan, again. She tuts in response, just like she did earlier. “He’s too pretty, Jan.”
Somehow, in the span of time of Steve coming back from Washington, of them settling in together, he’d done this. He’d asked JARVIS to do this for him, and keep it from Tony.
Suddenly, everything snaps back into place. Steve clenches his hands into fists, then takes a deep breath to recenter. “Come in,” he says.
“You dripped on me,” Tony murmurs.
“You sure you can’t take a break tonight?” Steve asks.
—” he’s quite close to snarling, “—fucking idiot,” he says, jabbing his finger onto Steve’s sore chest, enunciating each word. “And they tell me I’m the one with a deathwish!”
“Only a little for you,” Steve says honestly, as he continues to dig around the fridge for something that entices him.
“Oh fuck, sorry—”
“Yes,” Steve says, fondness creeping into his tone as he presses another kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Yes.”
“Wait,” Steve sits up properly now, moves to get up, but Tony’s out the door before Steve can get any words together. Still, Steve tries, runs out the door after him and catches Tony standing in the elevator lobby, shoes in hand.
Thankfully—and Steve realizes that he should probably unpack that sentiment—the world stays in one piece, and there’s no call to assemble.
Steve’s barely able to hide his grin, and nearly bowls Tony over when he hugs him. “Hi,” Steve says, burying his nose against Tony’s neck.
“You okay?” Steve asks. He shifts forward, as if to get up, but stays seated.
After the first HYDRA cell he and Tony had broken into, Steve had, in Tony’s words, “Gone fucking HAM.” So they’d decided to call in the rest of the team for the next one. And now, they’re not just looking for Bucky, but for the tesseract, too.
Steve, after all these years, knows when to choose his battles.
“Okay,” Steve says. It doesn’t make sense, why is Natasha acting like he’s more worried than her? They’re all worried. He’s fine, actually,
“What about me?”
Steve stares, blinks, and continues to stare. Tony’s signature follows, a large scrawl on the page. What did Tony try to erase? Steve hates himself for not staying and just hearing Tony out, back in the library. Thinks that maybe he would have heard a much less edited version of the words on the page.
“All we need you to do Pete is watch for stragglers, citizens should have evacuated by now but if not take them out of the direct downtown. If you see one of these big green dudes making his way out of the main downtown. DO NOT APPROACH! Alert one of us. Got it?” Pops sounded out of breath but he had ordered this with what dad coined as his ‘captain voice,’ which Peter knew to meant business.
He had a pinch expression on his face, which was slightly red. His small eyebrows were squished together, and his lips pursed.
“Okay, we can deal with that, but what’s our game plan? He can’t stay like this forever” Steve questioned.
The rest of the day was equally uneventful, Peter went back to his room to finish off his homework. By the time 6 o'clock rolled around Peter was starved and his homework was complete. "Peter we're starting soon, and the food just arrived" someone yelled from the common room. The promise of food had peter quickly making his way down the hall. When he got there an heaping pile of takeout was shoved into his hands, and he was pushed onto the couch. "What are we watching tonight?" Peter questioned. "Well since you decided to grace us with your presence, WE decided to let you pick" Dad snarked. "Well how about... Toy story?" Peter offered. Once everyone agreed and they were settled into their spots, the lights dimmed and they movie began to play. Peter finished his food quicker then usual, ever since the spider bite his metabolism has been off the charts. He threw his plate onto the coffee table and rested his head on his pops shoulder, then popped his feet onto his dad's lap. The movie droned on and Peter's eyes felt heavier and heavier, eventually Peter slipped into a light sleep.
Tony sat outside of Midtown high school in a sleek black Mercedes, the windows were tinted but everyone knew who was in there, the licence plate said IRONMANZ. It was 20 minutes after the bell and Peter had yet to leave the building. "Where is he? He always gets out suspiciously early."
Before anyone could answer, they heard a small whimper. Looking down at the only one in the room that would be making a sound… Peter.
Peter Rogers-Stark headed towards the back ally of a pizzeria a few blocks away, he dumped his back pack and civilian clothes in an empty dumpster. Dressed in his spiderman suit Peter climbed up the side of the building to begin his patrol.
Peter nodded, “Papa” - he said pointing to Steve - “Daddy” - he patted Tony’s arm that was wrapped around his waist - “unca Brwuce” he said finally.
Tony went his separate way when he got to their floor. He stopped by his and Steve’s room to change clothes, and then made his way to the kitchen to see what he could feed the young child. When he realized that the only thing he could give him was some milk and plain pasta, he called out to JARVIS.
"OK Flash that's enough, there's no need to bring Ned into this. Ned and I just want to leave, my dads waiting outside. So can I have my bag back now?" Peter said, as he stepped between the two boys is hands raised in surrender.
Underneath the red and blue suit was a small child, maybe 2 or 3 with beautiful brown eyes that were wet and red rimmed, and a mop of curly brown hair. Steve gasped in shock when the child called out once more before bursting into another bout of tears.
Banner smiled softly nodding his head at Peters answers. “And how old are you Pete?”
This made Peter even happier. Over time his parents and family had begun to allow him to be a vigilante on his on. No babysitter during patrol, no constant checkups, he was beginning to feel like the adult he believed he should be treated as. 16 WAS only 2 years away from being an adult.
I know it took slightly long for this chapter to come and I am sorry to say it will probably take till the end of this month to upload again. Exams are coming up but after that I have essentially a whole week off so you might luck out with 2 chapters :p I hope you enjoyed!!
“Peter do you know who we are?” Bruce began.
The shield building was smaller then he remembered but then again the last time he was here he was 10. They turned a corner and because he had his head in his phone he came face to face with a mans chest. Peter looked up quickly to apologize and smiled when he say who it was, "Uncle Phil!" he exclaimed. Phil smiled back down at him and wrapped him up in a hug kissing the top of his head in the process, "Hey Pete, how are you?" he asked. "I'm great dads are taking me to the training room and it's going to be so fun. Do you wanna come watch?" Peter said stumbling through his answer. Phil smiled and again "I can't right now, I actually have to have a discussion with your dads, but when we finish I'll come watch them with you" Agent Phil offered. Peter nodded and looked towards his dads, "Go ahead Pete we'll come meet you there" Tony said pushing Peter forward. Peter turned the corner but his curious nature took over and he paused wondering what uncle Phil needed to talk to them about. "Stark, Rogers how are you?" Phil offered the awkwardness lingering in the air, "Phil cut the crap, whats up?" Tony pushed. "Okay follow me to my office. We need to have a discussion about a certain young vigilante" Phil said his voice getting quieter as they walked further away.
The small group followed his lead and JARVIS dropped each one off on their own  floor, leaving Bruce, Steve, Tony, and Peter to make their way up to medical on their own.
Tony walked over to Clint and clapped him on his shoulder. "Thanks man. That meant a lot to me." Tony thanked him.
Flash scoffed in his face then stepped forward into Peter's space. He grabbed Peter by the front of his shirt and pushed him into the lockers, he raised his fist to punch Peter. Tony was not going to let that happen, no one was going to hurt his baby. So Tony quickly made his way toward the boys, Ned saw him and smiled. He stood a foot taller than the boy and grabbed him by the elbow to stop the punch. Flash's head whipped around, his eyes quickly widened as he realized who was holding him back. Flash was not the only one surprised. Peters jaw dropped but he quickly closed it and stuttered out a few words, "D-d-d-dad!"
Steve bent down to get on his level, “Hey baby boy, you okay?” he asked.
He turned quickly but not quick enough as one alien who had somehow escaped their notice shot at his little boy with a large glowing gun.
“Peter seems in perfect health!” - Bruce informed the concerned parents - “however I think we should address the slightly bigger issue”
“We can continue this conversation later, just go clean him up and get him comfortable” Bruce suggested.
So Tony grabbed his Starkphone from the workbench and dialed up Clint. "Hey Hawkass" Tony joked into the phone.
"OH! Well what do I do because I can obviously not assault a child" Tony asked.
"What the hell does that mean?" Tony demanded.
It was a cry. Not one they had heard on the few nights Peter had a nightmare, but a baby. They adults were shocked but after seconds sprung into action and began combing the ground and surrounding area in search of the source of the sound. Tony and Steve stayed where they had last seen Peter and soon stumbled upon what looked to be Peters suit.
“Okay everyone, nice work! The perimeter is being secured just incase but we believe that the threat has been neutralized. Shield will be here soon for clean up. I say we head home and order some take out!” Tony said.
Peter HATED that nickname, he was not a child! He was practically an adult. “Not a kid” the young boy muttered under his breath.
‘Hey Pete, I hate to ask you this but we are really struggling downtown Brooklyn. Have Happy drive you down, we really need an extra hand and Thor is off world still. Love you - Dad’
"I'm sorry dad, I just didn't want you to think I am weak, Spider-man can take down 5 robbers, aliens, anything. But Peter Stark-Rogers can't even deal with a bully" Peter confessed, his voice was small.
" I need to talk to you, so could you get your ass down to my lab" Tony said.
"Ok sure dude" Clint replied easily.
Peter had listened silently as his family battled tooth and nail with these aliens whose motive was still unknown. He had seen one of them make a beeline to a citizen who had their back turned as they made their way out of the city, and he was about to intervene but his father's words echoed in his head.
He grabbed Peters small hand in his large callused one and looked towards the road again.
Tony looked at Clint like he had gone insane. "Well of course I'm acting like a dad. I AM A DAD" Tony claimed.
Peter nodded but before he could attempt a verbal response, his bladder gave out. The men really should have known that a child that young still needed diapers but it hadn’t really been their top priority and none of them had dealt directly with young children. A wet spot spread across the fabris Peter was wrapped in, and Tony’s thighs.
"NOPE we are not doing this, your pop's and I had this discussion with you. 'No Secrets' that's what we said right?" Tony demanded his voice rising just a little.
After about 3 hours of battling (they were there for more time but that was before Peter had arrived) everyone was dirty, tired, and somewhat wounded but no one was in any kind of critical condition. Peter was at least thankful for that, he was always worried about the safety of the only family he had left.
I heard your cries :p So here it is!
An hour later after cleaning his wounds and getting ready for bed, Peter lay back in his bed and starred at the ceiling. How am I going to hide this from them, it's hard enough hiding it from MJ, but I'm hiding it from the fricken AVENGERS. Peter thought about telling his dads obviously but it never seemed like a good idea to him. If he told his dad he would probably flip and try to sue oscorp, and if he told pops he was sure he would have to sit through an obnoxiously long lecture about the dangers of being genetically enhanced. Peter didn't think he could handle either of those things at this point, he was still trying to balance school and spiderman, that was hard enough. Peter eventually drifted of to sleep his enhanced healing working quickly to heal wounds.
Peter sat at the back of his eighth period class and stared at the clock wishing for the time to go by faster. "Ok students the bell will be ringing soon. Remember to get your test signed and show me Monday morning" Mr Davis said. The bell rang and Peter sprinted for the door, dodging students in the hallway as he made it out the front doors.
"Not the point Peter. We need to communicate with each other. We are your parents, we care about and love you, we worry it's what we do. That is no reason for you to hide this dick of a bully from us. OK?" Tony explained.
Peter fucked up, and he knew it from the moment he laid eyes on those alien guns.
"Okay kid as much as I love this, your dads brought you here to learn some moves" Clint said leaving one last kiss on Peter's head. "Go get changed. We'll start when you get back. You have 10 minutes" Clint announced. Peter made his way to the change room, when he got back he saw Clint talking to his Aunt Natasha, "HEY aunt Nat. Are you going to help train me!" Peter questioned. Natasha looked over and smiled, that smile was Peter's favorite, it was reserved for him and him only. Peter knew from a young age who his family was but he still hard time picturing is 'Auntie Nat' as the killer assassin Black Widow. "Hey Peter, I am helping today so let's get going" she requested.
Peter hadn’t stopped crying the whole ride home, Tony had wrapped him up in his suit jacket that he had on under his armour, but it was neither warm nor comfortable for a young baby. They Avengers had piled into a large SUV, Tony cradling the babe and Steve driving. Every couple of minutes Steve looked over at his husband and son with concern. Tony always called Steve a mother hen but this was a new circumstance so Steve felt his concern was justified. They arrived at the tower and quickly unloaded into the elevator, Tony handed Peter off to Steve while ordering JARVIS to run a full diagnostic check on the boy. Peter just kept sobbing into Steve’s neck.
Peter didn’t answer verbally but held up three fingers in response. All of the adults gasped slightly by this, they knew that he was young, and logically they also knew that he was around that age but having it said conclusively was a shock.
Hoping no one was in the kitchen Peter quietly made his way to his bedroom down the hall. "Peter!" challenged Tony. "Get back here, NOW". Peter turned on his heal and made his way back to the kitchen. "Hey dad. Whats up?" mumbled peter. "Steve look who's here" Tony yelled to Steve who Peter assumed was in one of the rooms down the hall. Peter sat on a bar stool waiting for Steve. "Peter take your hood off please and the hat" Tony added. "Pete why were you so late. We were worried" said Steve hugging Peter from behind, then moving to stand beside Tony. Tony finally got a good look at Peters face " Pete what happened to your face!" he exclaimed. Tony gripped Peters chin and moved his head from side to side. "It's nothing dad's. It's not a big deal. I just fell off my skateboard" Peter said attempting to explain. "I knew you were going to get hurt on that thing" Steve complained. Peter hopped of the bar stool and tried to make a dash for his room while is dads were preoccupied discussing the dangers of skateboarding. "You don't actually think you can get away that easy?" his pops questioned. " No captain, of course not" he retorted, saluting is father. "Don't use that tone with your pops" Tony demanded. "Peter we're just worried about you. You've been coming home late, covered in bruises and cuts. Whats been going on with you?" Steve coed. "I promise I'm great, really dads. I have been a little clumsy on my board, and I've been hanging out with Ned, we're building a new death star" Peter said. "You know you can tell us anything, right peter?" asked Tony. "I do, I really do dad. I'm just tired right know so, I'm going to go to bed. I love you both" Peter explained. "Love you too" they said in unison.
"It's called fatherhood, you'll grow into it" Clint stated.
I DO NOT OWN ANYTHING!
Raising Spidey ~ Superfamily Fanfiction
(See the end of the chapter for
The fathers nodded and made their way to their floor hushing the child all the way. When they got their Steve brought peter to his bedroom. He grabbed one of Peters pairs on boxers and a sweater, then entered his ensuite to wash him up.
Steve left Peter to get ready and Peter took his leave to get dressed as well. When he came back to the living room his dads were both seated at the couch with coffee and the newspaper, Peter chuckled to himself because although they were both reading the newspaper his pops was reading a physical one and his dad had one on his tablet. They both looked up and smiled, "Hey underoos ready to go?" his dad asked setting down is coffee cup, "where are we going?" questioned Peter. "We thought it would be fun to go to the shield and do some training. You used to like that when you were younger and we haven't seen Phil in ages." Steve stated. This peeked Peter's interests, they used to teach him some easy defense moves when the first adopted him as he was the son of Tony and Steve Rogers-Stark and he was pretty small for his age. "Okay go grab some extra clothes and we'll leave when you come back." Steve said. Peter rushed back to him room excited by the prospect of working on his moves, he stuffed some basketball shorts and a t-shirt into his backpack but not before he put his suit in, just in case he told himself. He grabbed his phone from his side table and made his way back to his dads.
Peter sat back into the couch, he was between his dad's during their weekly movie night. This week was special, all the team was joining this week. Aunt Natasha and Uncle Clint sat on the floor with their backs against the couch. Uncle Bruce sat on a grey chair to the side of the couch, Vision and Wanda sat on the old beanie bag chair. "This movie will be briefly interrupted by the following announcement" a monotone voice said. "Citizens are being held at gun point in Manhattans largest bank. We advise Citizens near the location to stay indoors until the crisis can be resolved". His dad sprang to his feet "Ok time to suit up" Tony declared. Everyone moved quickly except for Steve, "Peter will you be ok?" he asked concerned. "Pops I'm 15 I'll be ok. Just go save some people" Peter insisted. As soon as Peter thought they had left he ran to his room and pulled on his suit and jumped out his window and onto the neighboring building. Minutes later he arrived at the scene, he called out to tony " Hey da... Stark do you want a hand?". Iron man blasted one of the perps into the back wall and looked up just to see spiderman shoot a web wrapping up another man. "Spidey glad you showed up. Took you long enough" He yelled over the shooting. An hour later with the criminals loaded up into the back of the police van the avengers, minus spiderman began their trip back to the tower.
"Peter! Are you okay?" Clint asked getting off Peter quickly, "yeah I'm good I was just surprised" Peter said. "No that was not a surprised gasp that, was a pain gasp. We all know the difference very well" Steve warned, Peter stood trying to get away but to no avail, "IS THAT BLOOD" Natasha demanded. Peter grasped his side and looked, the blood was just starting to seep through "UMMMMMM no" Peter tried, "Yes that is" Bruce said his eyes looking a little green. They all stood around Peter and he bounced on his heals looking at the floor not wanting to make eye contact with anyone, "Peter shirt off now and explain" his pops demanded using his captain voice. Peter knew he couldn't disagree that voice meant business, there's no coming back from this he thought, so Peter pulled off his shirt and tried to rake through his brain to find an plausible excuse. "I was skateboarding the other day and fell, I must have landed on something sharp cause i started bleeding. I didn't tell you guys because it was stupid and I cleaned it myself" Peter explained, "This looks like its from today Peter not 'the other day'. What ACTUALLY happened?" Bruce pushed. Peter looked around the room his eyes eventually landing on his aunt Natasha's, she looked back at him for a moment then something sparked, "Peter" she bit out "Are you spiderman?" she questioned. His head was throbbing panic bubbling into his chest, "PETER ANSWER HER!" Tony warned his voice reaching an almost yell, "yes" Peter whispered closing his eyes wishing this was all just a dream. "WHAT!" everyone yelled, Peter covered his ears this much yelling was not ok for his senses.
