Still, they did not move.
“I only spoke with a contact.  Who exactly are we working for?”
“Not to mention lunch yesterday.”
Standing in front of the door to Molly’s flat.  “Oh God, not again,” he whispered.  He knocked.  She opened it.  Loose satin robe, barely tied shut.  He could see...he quickly glanced up and away.  Molly softly slipped back down the hall.  He cautiously followed her, the door clicking shut behind him.
“Sadly,” Richard continued, “It’s a bit different than what I thought it would be.  But, to be honest, what we’re dealing with is much older than you could even comprehend.” Richard led him through one of the doorways.
“Did you think what you saw was the only written material? I just said what was in the library was meant for public consumption, which means there is even more material elsewhere.”  Jim tilted his head and looked at Sherlock.  “I’m so disappointed you couldn’t make that logical connection.”
Sherlock jabbed the rod into Jim’s chest. “I could do it again.”
“I’m ready to go home,” Sherlock said.  “I’m not going to be able to do the job properly, so there’s no point in me remaining here.”
Sherlock gasped, lifting his hips off the chair.  He wished that he could grab John’s head but his wrists were still tied to the arms.  He groaned loudly.
Sherlock shrugged.  “I'm well aware of what I wrote.  I’m not sure which part you’re taking exception to.  It is entirely accurate.  You asked for a report on my progress.  I have none, because I’m essentially doing the same work I did my second year at Uni, cataloguing logograms.  Anybody could do what I’ve done so far, even you.”
“Sherlock.” He offered her his hand but she didn’t shake it.
“These rooms are filled with what we call ‘notebooks’,” Jim said, crossing his arms over his chest.  “But once we have a reliable lexicon and an understanding of the grammar, we’ll be able to sort, index, and translate all of what is here, most of which is still more advanced than our civilisation.”
“The...”  Sherlock drifted off as they approached a wooden door set into the rocky wall of the cavern.  It would not be out of place in any English home or even University, but here, even in a setting that looked at home in some 60's spy thriller, this was very out of place.
Sherlock’s heart was racing, and he wanted to go back to his room, but he thought it best to stay where he was.  He sat back down, pulled out his notebook and went through various logograms he had copied.
In Büyüknefes, Yozgat Province, Turkey
John let Mary guide his mouth down to Sherlock’s cock.  He closed his lips around it and began to bob his head up and down rapidly.
At the Thames.  His mobile was still ringing.  He was barely aware of the constant sound, just blending into background noise, almost lulling him to sleep.  Drop it in the Thames?  He’d just have to get a new one.  Tempting.
When the cafeteria was empty save for two or three others, Sherlock closed his eyes.  He was missing something else.  All of the cubbies he had gone through had contained tablets technical in nature.  He had to have missed something in one of them.  Maybe his translation was still too rough
Richard stood up, pushing out his chair loudly as he did.  “Sherlock Holmes...”  People around them were looking at them.  “I will be impressed, I will, completely and totally be impressed, if somehow YOU can take that and make it mean something.”  He laughed. “I mean, the brilliant cu-NE-i-form-ist figuring out a kid’s art project-”
Sherlock nearly gasped, but he didn’t want to betray his feelings and kept a dispassionate look.
Both John and Sherlock started towards it but Mary grabbed John’s arm.  “No, not you, sweetie.”  Sherlock sat down.  Mary went opened the top drawer of John’s wardrobe and took out two of his ties.  “Arms on the armrests,” she instructed and quickly tied his wrists to the arms.  When she was done, she leaned in and kissed Sherlock, letting her hand drop to his already hard cock and very gently stroking it with her finger tips.  “You don’t do anything until I let you.”  She grinned at him.
Sherlock stared.  There was a wall ten feet high and at least 15 feet feet long with neolithic paintings of animals and people.  But there were also block symbols arranged in neat rows which covered most of the wall.  “What...” he started, “...are these hieroglyphs?”
Maybe Mary knows more about sport than Sherlock does
“Five P.M.” Greg said.
The shower itself was typical.  Water, soap, shampoo.  When that was done, he gingerly lowered himself and sat down in the tub, letting the droplets from the showerhead dance over his skin.  Over and over.
“What knocking?” John replied.
“I can do it.  But the larger the sample size I have, the easier it is for me to do it,” Sherlock explained.
He closed his eyes and his dream came flooding back.  Everything you know is wrong... What could his mind see that he could not?  And why was there a need for such mundane translations.  John and Richard were practically pushing Greg to show him more.  There had to be even more than what he now had.  They were looking for something more, something bigger than bureaucratic records or technical minutiae.  But what? And they wanted it quickly too.  How could he really translate everything in such little time.
Mary tapped John’s head, almost reluctantly.  “That’s...enough,”  she said.  John pulled his head back and looked up at Mary. “Don’t worry.  There’s more planned.”  Mary walked back over to the bed stand and took out her strap-on and slipped it on, adjusting the straps until it fit comfortably.  She moved back over to John.
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock said, “But I’m not a miracle worker.”
“Did you think that I wouldn’t read this crap?” He held out the stack of papers in a clenched fist, crinkling them up in his hand.
Sherlock went back to his room to grab his notes before sitting down at the computer.  He was just about to open Word when he noticed that there was an Explorer icon on the desktop.  He double-clicked it and a security window opened asking for a password.  How strong was the password?  He tried ‘password’, ‘1234', ‘ABCD’, and all of the other common passwords that the average person used.  Nothing.  He tried Greg’s name, the town they were in, all sorts of names from history important to Anatolia.  Still nothing.  Sherlock sighed and closed it before opening Word.
John nodded and smiled.
The search for ‘John Watson’ gave him results in a completely different direction than what he expected.  There were multiple articles either written by John or quoting him about Atlantis.  The earliest articles he could find weren’t in reputable journals, but rather fringe publications.  Only within the last year did his name appear in more scholarly works.  The early works posited that rather than being the creation of Plato that not only did Atlantis actually exist but it was located in Anatolia far earlier than 400 BCE and it was also significantly more advanced than people suspected.
“Hmm.”  Tapping of his fingers.  His ever tapping of his fingers, considering the littlest minutia.
“But you’re dead,” Sherlock protested.
Going through customs didn’t take long, but he had to wait patiently before he was able to collect his bags from the carousel.  There were two rolling suitcases and a large duffle bag.  He wasn’t sure if he had packed enough, or maybe he had packed too much.  He had no idea.  Now he just had to find his connection.  He slowly meandered through the crowds and headed towards the doors.
“I don’t do field work,” he replied.
He sat down.  Echo.
Jim put the tube down and walked over to a cabinet along the wall.  He opened it, and pulled out a block, and dropped it on the table in front of Sherlock.  Sherlock reached out and lifted the top.  It was a book. Only it was made of thin, metal pages instead of paper.  His eyes scanned quickly the logograms that filled the page and he began to quickly flip through them, going through as many of the pages as quickly as possible.  The logograms themselves were not uniform nor always neatly spaced, as though somebody had written them into the metal.
Sherlock got out and went to the rear of the vehicle to grab his bags.  Molly didn’t offer to help this time.  He slung the duffle bag over his shoulder and grabbed the two suitcases.  She was heading into the building and Sherlock tried to hurry to catch up.  Just as he was getting to the door, a man came out.
Sherlock crossed his arms.  “Are you telling me that you are willing to prevent me from doing my job?  Because if that’s the case, you can send me home and I’ll tell my contact-”
“You’re looking for Sherlock Holmes?” he asked her as he approached.
Richard stared hard at him.  “What have you figured out?  I mean, you’re smart.  I’ve seen the work you’ve done.  Not only the work here but prior translations as well.  If people are stumped, you’re the one they go to.  A consulting cuneiformist, if you will.  You don’t get what we’re doing here, but that’s just because you don’t have the context.”  He pulled out a key and unlocked the door to the building.  Once Sherlock was inside he shut the door and flicked a switch.  Lights came on one by one, revealing a flat surface, paved with large rocks and covered with a slight dust.  Richard walked forward, Sherlock following him.  About halfway across the length of the Richard stopped abruptly.  Sherlock stopped as well.  Suddenly, a round 10 foot section of the floor they were standing on began to descend jolting Sherlock momentarily.  “Surprised to see this?  I know I was.  Well, sort of.  I think I finally found what I was looking for.  But I suppose by now you know what I’m looking for? Right?”
After breakfast he walked over to the building.  Veli was waiting for him, as usual.  “I’m not giving you my phone today,” Sherlock said brightly.  “Nor my laptop.”  He held it up to show it off.
He licked his lips nervously.  “I don’t know why I’m here.  Mary said Sherlock wanted me, only...”
Sherlock was already nonchalantly looking around.  The store wasn’t particularly bright, but there was still plenty of light to see the merchandise.  John swallowed hard as Mary steered him over to a wall of dildoes and vibrators.  “These look interesting,” she said.  She let go of John’s arm and took a box off the shelf.  “It’s silicone.  Seven inches is a good size. Should we go with realistic looking? Would you would like to watch me using this? Or would you like to try it?”
He spent most of the day working on the report, carefully writing up his findings, leaving some space for drawing a few of the hieroglyphs. He finished around three and headed outside.  After walking around the site a bit, he saw Greg at Sally’s site.
“Or the benefactor...?” Sherlock asked.
“Aren’t. You. Coming?”  Insistent. Demanding.  “Or should I tell your wife?  You know what I would tell her.  She wouldn’t like it.”
“I do not think that is a good idea,” John hissed, looking back over at Mary.  She was still looking at the dildoes.  “Put it back.”
Mary didn’t move away, keeping her hand firmly on John’s head.  She stared down at Sherlock, watching him squirm as John sucked his cock hard.  John was sucking and slurping loudly as it slid almost all the way in with each stroke.
“Get in here, boys!” she called from the bedroom.
Sherlock shook his head.  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Searching ‘Richard Brook’ gave him no relevant results, nothing relating to Roman and Byzantine archaeology or history.
Sherlock followed her and stuck his head out of the door, watching her walk away.  It was too brief of an encounter to get a read on her. On one hand she introduced herself, but she was very distant as well.  He wasn’t sure what her comments meant.  He sighed and went back into his room to continue unpacking his bags.
Greg moved back in front of Sherlock, forcing him to take a step back.  “So, I have all of the updates from today’s digs.  John, I think you’re really getting somewhere in Building Two .”
He turned to look back at his laptop.  It was...
He was very hard. “Ummm...”
“That’s your call.  I’m good with either one.”  Greg looked around the room.  “Ok?  You have the rest of the evening to yourselves, and we’ll be back out there bright and early tomorrow.”
At noon, the workers packed up and headed back to the cafeteria.  Molly went with them, and Sherlock followed along silently. After lunch, a somewhat disappointing affair of sandwiches, Sherlock lingered at the cafeteria, promising Molly that he would follow her shortly.  She departed with her crew, seeming to be relieved that he wouldn’t be tagging along with her like a little puppy dog.
The door opened.  “We’re going to put on Infinity War,” his housemate said, sticking his head in.  Mike...Stamford, or something like that.  He didn’t really know his housemates that well; he kept to himself when he was home. “You want to join us?”  Mike looked around, craning his neck to see what was on the screen.  “What are you doing in here?”
He closed his eyes.  It was over quickly.  Sherlock had his release.  Practically pro forma.  Still no talking.  He quickly got dressed.  “So...” he said, drawing out the word.
Sherlock glanced around.  Everybody in the cafeteria was staring at him.  He realized his hands were shaking.  He quickly left the cafeteria and hurried back to his room.  He’d find Greg in the morning.
Before John could answer, Greg walked back over to the table.  He looked at Sherlock.  “I spoke with Molly and I want you to follow her around today and learn about the site.  She’s working on a section towards the North border of the site.”  He tilted his head at John. “That site isn’t going to excavate itself.”
Sherlock lifted his right hand and slowly pointed the rod at each of the six.  The was no movement from them.
Molly sat back up and started moving again.  He was hard again instantly.  Sherlock closed his eyes and concentrated; he just wanted to be done with it.  Fortunately for him, it wasn’t long before he groaned, held still and erupted.
She leaned forward so that her breast hung down enough for John to lift his head and lick and suck at the nipple.  Mary moaned, “Mmmmm. You want me, don’t you?  You want to be able to slip you cock into me and fuck me.  I’m your wife after all.  But you can't.”
“I’m a cuneiformist,” he explained.  “Do you know how many untranslated tablets are sitting in the British Museum alone?”
“Hypothetically,” Greg asked, “Given what you have already, how quickly would you be able to get something more than a rough translation?”
“Hmm.  That’s interesting,” she mused.
Sherlock closed up his notebook and tucked it under his arm.
Sherlock gasped, lifting his hips off the chair.  He wished that he could grab John’s head but his wrists were still tied to the arms.  He groaned loudly.
John opened his mouth and slowly slid the rubber cock into his mouth, but not all the way at first. He pulled back slowly until just the tip was in his mouth and then plunged forward again, taking it deeper.  He kept going, quickly reaching a quick tempo, but taking it deep into his mouth.  Every time he pushed his head forward, the dildo pushed against Mary causing little moans to escape.
“Come on,” a voice said.  Sherlock looked up and behind him.  Molly stood there with her hand on her hip.  He looked around.  They were the only ones left. “I’ll, uh, I’ll walk you back to your room.”
He adjusted his arms so that he could bend forward better to accept him.
“We have different styles...” John paused, “and goals.”  He clearly had chosen his words deliberately.
She turned and followed her crew.  Something wasn't right.  Her eyes flickered from side to side too much when she was looking at him.  If they exposed bodies to vultures, this would be a paleolithic site, which means no writing.   And if there was no writing, then why was he here?  Sherlock stood there for a minute, looking around.  He saw Sally with another crew at a site a little distance away to the west.  He looked back at the buildings.  He could see John and Richard walking to another building, but this one temporary-looking, built with corrugated steel walls and roof.
“It’s amazing how good some of these things are at disposing of bodies,” Jim said.
Richard lunged forward, a dark shadow flashing across his face, planting his hands on the table causing Sherlock to jump back slightly.  “Don’t you DARE challenge ME!  I can...”  He stopped and stood up, smoothing his clothes.  The meanness he had just displayed was gone.  “You are out of your element, Sherlock Holmes.  Do not think that you will find allies here.  You are alone here, to do a job that is pointless, and you will fail.  And for the rest of your life you will be haunted that out there is a script you cannot translate and,” he slowed down for effect, “it was all just a bunch of scribbles.”  He looked smugly at Sherlock before turning and walking away.
“He has such a nice mouth,” Mary nearly whispered.  “Go ahead,” she softly commanded.
“Have you...” Sherlock started, but didn’t finish, the question hanging out there, but he was unable to fill in the blank.  It was pure ambiguousness.  Echo.
Who are you
“Sherlock Holmes?” he asked, sticking his hand out.  “I’m Greg Lastrade.  Good to see that you made it.”
Greg shook his head.  “It’s central Anatolia.  At almost any site I can find material from 10,000 BCE to well into the 1500s.  At this site alone, we have excavated artifacts from the Median Empire, the Kingdom of Pontus, the Seleucid Empire and the Ottoman Empire.  I know you don’t do field work, and I’ll be honest, your name didn’t come up when we were brainstorming who we could bring in to assist us with some translating.”
Sherlock spun him around.  He could feel his hot breath on his neck and back as Sherlock’s hand traced his back, down his spine, parting his buttocks.  Coldness, making him shiver, from the slickness that Sherlock pushed into him.  He didn’t stop him.
Molly shrugged.  “I don’t mind.”
“It’s Molly.” The voice soft and sweet.  “Aren’t you coming?”
“I think, at this time, it best that I leave.”  He looked around.  “So, you should move out of my way.  I’m not anxious to use this again, but I will if you leave me no other option.”
A huge bonfire roared.  Sherlock wandered about the people gathered.  It was the same groups of people that he would see at meals.  He didn’t want to talk to them but he felt compelled to be there.  He was looking for John but he found Richard, who was holding court with several people around him.
“Then why am I here?” Sherlock asked.  “I mean, with what I’m being paid I could hardly say no.  But you’re right, I don’t do field work and I have a dozen colleagues that do that I could recommend who would be better suited to any of the eras you’ve mentioned, especially Achaemenidian.”
“He’s so very good at it,” Mary said, teasing him.  “Watch him take my dildo deep into his mouth, and, mmmmm, you wish it was your cock.”
John nodded. “You chose the cheapest, most boring thing on the menu,” he said.  He had a plate of Belgian waffles and strawberries.
Mary didn’t move away, keeping her hand firmly on John’s head.  She stared down at Sherlock, watching him squirm as John sucked his cock hard.  John was sucking and slurping loudly as it slid almost all the way in with each stroke.
“I’ll take care of that.”  He should shave.  He should be professional.
He blinked.  “But Mary said you called.”
Here?  Where exactly was here?  Was he sure where he was?  Could he trust himself to know that this was London?  He assumed.  Experience taught him.  What was his experience?  Experience taught him nothing tonight.  He experienced, but he didn’t.  None of it made any sense.
Greg stopped and turned back.  “Yes.  Why?”
When he was done with that cubby, he walked down and chose a different cubby.  This one had six tablets.  He pulled those ones out and started working on a translation.  These tablets had multiple name logograms.  He recognized the logograms for Inara and Hupašiya, and there were several more besides that he did not recognize.  He translated the remaining names before working on the rest of the logograms.
“The big burly guy from yesterday?  Is he my babysitter?” Sherlock asked.
“Too bad you have no idea how that works,” Jim said, still somewhat relaxed, “Or I think I might actually be a little scared at this point.”  He pulled a smaller metal tube from his pants pocket.  “But I do, and while this one isn’t as powerful, it does get the job done.  Sadly, this is the end of the job for you, but you don’t get to resign.”
“I’m going,” he said.  “I don’t care who you call.  Tell them anything you like.”  Back out the door, onto the empty street.  He checked his watch.  Late, very late.  He wasn’t going to find a cab here at this time of night.
He didn’t answer immediately, but waited.
Sherlock looked up at Jim smiling smugly.  “I resign.  I’m not doing any more of your dirty work.”
She smiled brightly at him.  “Yes.  You must be Sherlock? I’m Molly Hooper.  Greg sent me to pick you up.”
Sherlock was nonplused.  “Get a hold of yourself.”  Not an echo.
“You know how Mary likes to tell us exactly what to do,” he said.  “This might be a good idea.”
He didn’t get it.  When Molly picked him up, at first she had been friendly, but since then she had been very stand-offish.  Was this just some sort of attempt at consoling him?  A sympathy fuck? If that was where they ended up?  Or did she have any interest in him that she never expressed and since he would be leaving tomorrow wouldn’t have another chance?  Frankly, at this point, he didn’t care which one it was.  She was very attractive and the warmth of her body felt nice in his arms.
Greg was about to walk away but he stopped.  “Just do your job.  We all have our responsibilities here, and now since I showed you why you were hired you have yours.  Do your job.  Got it?”
John dropped the mask, a harsh metallic clattering on the stone floor. He approached Sherlock.  Sherlock eyed him warily, but as he approached, he lowered the tube pointing at John.  John gently took Sherlock by the arm.  Sherlock swallowed hard.  John escorted him towards one of the walls of the cavern.  Jim started signing, ‘For he’s a jolly good fellow.’  Sherlock glanced back at him and saw Jim wave his arms to encourage everybody else to sing along, which they started to do.  The song echoed around the chamber.  Sherlock willingly allowed John to guide him, but at the same time kept any eye on the rest of the figures whose dark hooded heads followed his movement.
“Oh, nothing.  Anyway, nice to meet you.”  She pivoted and left.
A slow smile crept across her face.  “Are you going to accuse me of being the benefactor?”
Greg looked confused.  “Late neolithic?”
He didn’t know.  He still wasn’t sure why he was there.  Echo.
“Yeah,” Greg agreed.  “I think that I have some workers to spare to start laying out the grid lines and begin with some excavation.  I want you to coordinate with Richard on that.”  Sherlock noticed that John frowned slightly when Greg said that.
The cursor blinked agonizingly before the response appeared.  “Who are you” Then again and again, slowly at first and then rapidly, filling the screen.
Sherlock studied him.  If he was here for expertise on Roman and Byzantine archaeology, why would he show any interest in what Greg had showed him?
This work is heavily influenced by
Greg stared hard at him.  “I don’t think I need to repeat this, but you were hired to do a job.  Do it.”  He left the room, slamming the door after him.
“Yes, about that...” Sherlock started.
Sherlock looked over the tablets in each of his hands.  “I...I...Do you know that people in my profession would kill for an opportunity like this?”
Sherlock moaned softly as he felt John press against his crotch.  Even as they kissed they both hurried to undo their trousers and push them down to the floor with their underwear.  John pushed Sherlock back against the bed.  Sherlock felt for John’s hard cock and stroked it.  He pulled away from John’s kiss.  “Wait,” he said.
Sherlock rubbed his hand on John’s back, letting it slide lower and lower.  “Look, we all know what the ground rules are, and other than that, we are free to enjoy each other however we might like to try.  At the very least, you’ll want to try something, we’ll do it, and it just doesn’t work.  Remember that time I jumped into the shower with you?  There’s absolutely no judging.”
“Then you know who Jim Moriarty is?”
John lifted his head.  “What is it?”
Knock, knock, knock.
He actually wasn’t intending to go to 221B, despite the beck and call, but as though pulled by some unseen force he ended up there anyway.  Crooked knocker again.  He didn’t care, but were he to straighten it, it would drive him mad.  It wasn’t just his brother who would passive aggressively get on his nerves; he was as guilty of it as well.  Not that he wanted to be considered in the same breath as that sniveling, bloated, gas bag of questionable moral standards.
Slick fingers deep as though he was prepping him.  Clinical.  Precise.
“Everything you think is wrong,” the woman said.  “When you know who everybody is, you will know the answer.”
“Go get it,” Veli demanded.  “I’m not opening that door until I have it.”
Sherlock let John’s answer roll around in his mind.  A matter of convenience, then. Or...was there some coercion there?  “You should shave that mustache,” he said switching topics.
Sherlock nodded.  “Sure.  I don’t get why I’m here in person.  It would be better if I was back in my office with all of my resources....”
“What’s there to know?  It’s just a cutesy geometric design with some paleolithic drawings tossed in.”  He leaned forward and lowered his voice, practically growling.  “Personally, I think it’s a waste, a waste that they brought you all the way here from merry ol’ England.”
“This was found three years ago by a local farmer,” Greg said.  “When word reached our benefactor, a small team was hired to dig here, and they uncovered the entirety of this wall.  I came here last year under the direction to explore the area around here.  But I always felt it was important to figure out what this wall said.” He turned to Sherlock.  “You’re not the first person to take a crack at it.  But so far, nobody’s been successful and figuring out what it says.  I think that if we get this translated, it will lead to more discoveries.”
A soft knock.  She opened the door.  “You’ve been in here so long,” she said in a matter-of-fact sort of way.
“Yes, on paper,” Mary agreed, “but the Cup isn’t played on paper.  Portsmouth loss.”  She let that sink in.  “The wager?” she finally prompted.
“I did nothing of the sort.”  She was in the kitchen in a baggy sweatshirt and jeans.
“Yes?”  He said after he climbed the stairs to the flat.
Standing in front of the door to 221B. Crooked knocker again.  Was he there before?  Why did it seem like he was there before?  Was it all in his head?  Repeating himself.  Or an echo.
A huge astronomical clock appeared behind her, orbs representing the movement of celestial bodies rotated around it.  “Things are moving faster than you think.  Time is not your friend.”
. . .
Sherlock walked next to Molly after leaving the cafeteria.  Four others, three men and a woman, followed a little distance behind carrying tools.  “What am I supposed to be seeing at your site?”
His mobile rang.  “Mary?”
“Are...”  Sherlock started, but trailed off.  Greg didn’t even glance at him.  Sally and her workers stood nearly motionless, just shifting slightly. “I’ll just go.”  As he headed back to the dorm he heard voices start up again.
Sally crossed her arms and chewed her bottom lip slightly.  “You don’t say.”
You remember right? You remember how you walked into the flat looking as deflated as a balloon. Did you notice me sitting there with our sleeping daughter in my arms? You hung your coat up and I waited. I waited for you to acknowledge me. Why? I don’t know, I just felt better knowing that you saw me, and that you were happy with me being near you. The only acknowledgement I got was a faint smile before it vanished and you wandered off into our room. Something wasn’t right with you, Sherlock, and it bothered me; it bothered me very much. I’m sure you knew that, and that’s why you tried your hardest to keep it under wraps, but if only you knew that you were making it worse.
“Delete… Delete… Deleting John Watson”
Everybody forgot their anger once I said that. They all shot looks at each other, and Mrs. Hudson muttered ‘Oh dear’ underneath her breath. Molly started to toy with Kylie’s clothes, fixing her shirt or her hair, minor things like that. Greg was facing down, it was like he couldn’t bear to look me in the eye after what I said. I told you Sherlock, they were going to be heartbroken either way.
He wasn't sure that was possible. Why was she so good to him? How could she love him, when he had to force himself to love anybody who wasn't Sherlock? Why was she so kind?
Sherlock looked distracted, and it troubled The Doctor.
'I'm not going to hospital, John, and that's final!' Remember how angry your words were? The way your voice returned to normal, just to yell at me? You were like a wounded animal, you felt trapped because you knew that no matter how much you argued and said that you were going to stay in the flat with me and Kylie, you were going to end up in the hospital either way. I couldn't see you suffer like that, love, not when there was a hospital only a few minutes away from us that could help you. You loved to remind me of my career as a doctor, but you failed to realize that I do need equipment in order to actually do my job if it called for such.
“Yeah, I don’t mind either.”
'Take care of them. I know you will, John.' He said. He knew me well.
You mulled it over in your head and decided that my logic was sound. You were tucking your shirt into your pants now.
They all changed directions so that, with the exception of Watson, were staring at the angels directly in front of them.
The only other time Sherlock had been this happy was when John agreed to move in with him.
‘Nope, my guess was that he provided her with the things she wanted, drugs and alcohol, probably.’
John smiled down at his daughter and rested a hand on her leg.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Be prepared to rescind those words, Mrs. Hudson. The flat is near completion, you will have your wish fairly soon.”
The door to the Tardis opened and the three of them came out. Sherlock was wearing a white dress shirt with a black ascot tied in the collar. He was wearing a navy blue silk waistcoat on top of his shirt. He was also donning a black frock coat and matching, fresh and crisp trousers, along with a shiny pair of black dress shoes. On top of his head, he wore a black top hat with a blue sash tied around it. John admired him, he could see the gold chain that connected the watch to his pocket and was absolutely smitten. John was only wearing a white dress shirt, a black waistcoat and matching trousers and shoe. He wore a black bowler hat and his jacket was draped over his arm. Sherlock couldn't stop staring.
“It was quite a sight, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah, I know. I’m trying to help you as I know how, as your doctor and your lover. I know you Sherlock Holmes, and I know that you don’t like to feel this way anymore than I like seeing you like this. Do you want to tell me the reason why now? Remember, don’t do anything that you aren’t ready to okay?”
“Let’s…let’s go inside. Inside is good.”
“You’re right.”
John shrugged. He didn't want to answer the question, he didn't know what to say to her. He could have said that she will never see her uncle again, but that would only upset her, he could lie and say tomorrow, but he didn't want to get her hopes up. He only offered a smirk and patted her head.
"I don't either."
Sherlock was wiping Rosie’s mouth. “Oh yeah?”
"Quite right, Kylie."
"A-And where were you hurt?"
The Doctor’s face sported a frown and his voice was lower as he walked over to Moriarty.
“I love you, Sherlock.” John said, feeling the thin body shaking in his arms. “It’s okay, you don’t have to tell me if you’re not ready. I’ll wait, I love you, okay?”
She only smiled at him, and then faced the front of the car. John took a look at Mycroft, who was typing away at his mobile phone. God only knows what he was writing up. John remembered the time that Sherlock stole Mycroft's phone, just to see what was in the blasted thing. Sherlock cracked his code and then got so worked up that he waved it around while John was boiling a pot of water and accidentally dropped it in. Nobody moved at first, Sherlock and John just stared at it, and then the phone shorted out. John got a ladle and took it out. There was more staring, Sherlock poked the home button to see if it would work again. John had the urge to burst out laughing, but Sherlock looked like he was in no mood to be laughed at. They tried everything, the rice in the bowl, taking apart the phone and then letting it air dry, they even borrowed Mrs. Hudson's hair dryer and tried to use it on the phone, but to no avail. The next day, Sherlock was due to see Mycroft, but he refused to tell him about the mobile. He and John hatched a plan to make it look like Mycroft broke his phone, and it succeeded. Sherlock handed Mycroft his beloved mobile. and then started to taunt him about all the incriminating evidence he found. Mycroft set it down on the table, right next to "John's" water. John then acted like he tripped over Mycroft's umbrella, causing him to turn around, and knocking the cup over. John should have taken his phone out when he saw Mycroft's face. Needless to say, the plan worked, and Sherlock avoided his death at the hands of his brother. John always wondered since then, did Mycroft know that it was already broken and just humored his brother?
Sherlock didn’t respond and he found himself doing exactly has Holmes said. Holmes watched as Sherlock’s eyes darted back and forth and bounced all around, it was a miracle that they didn’t fall right out of the sockets. Then Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to Holmes.
"Are you sure? Maybe you would like to lie down for a while." John responded.
Never forgetting that Sherlock spoke, he snapped himself out of the temporary daze and forced the smile back to his face. He would have to reflect on that later.
The only thing close to sounding like an objection was Mrs. Hudson’s muffled sobs at the sight of her “boys” finally getting married. Mycroft’s lip trembled, and Harry gave a defeated sigh at the comment. Not hearing anybody’s disagreement to their marriage, the vicar continued on.
He stood back up, even though he was shaking a bit. He looked a bit healthier.
Sherlock grabbed the hand that was on his side and patted it gently.
“I…I should have seen it coming, Sherlock. I should…I did see it coming. You became so quiet when I visited you, and you weren’t eating much, complained that it didn’t sit well with you. You…you barely moved when I was there. You just smiled and listened to me talk and I knew, love that you didn’t have much longer. You were so weak and you looked so fragile, everything you hated, I should say. I would ask for you, and the nurse would take me to your room, per ritual, and there you would be, awaiting my presence with that smile on your face. You watched me as I took a seat, sometimes I would bring Kylie with me, other times I wouldn’t. I would great you casually, and you would reply verbally, and most times, you would just nod your head in acknowledgement. The air between us was tense, not because we had issues with our relationship, but neither of us knew how to react. What was I going to say to you? How was I going to bring up conversation without those horrid thoughts distracting me, Sherlock? How could you sit there with that calm and collected face while you fell apart inside? How could both of us do it?
John's mouth twitched.
She sounded like she was crying.
John paused again.
John nodded.
For once, Sherlock was speechless. John sniffled and then gulped the drink down.
"Alright," John whispered, "When he gets close enough, we attack, and then we get the hell out of this room. Understand?"
It was cozy looking, he supposed, quaint little thing. Lauren was right, it was deep in the country, took John a few hours to get here. The colors were comfortable, pale and pastel. There were lavender bushes growing in the front, along with other miscellaneous plants around the house. Sherlock would have never planted that, so it might be some of the things Janine left behind. He stood in front of the car for who knows how long. The sun was setting, changing the colors of the sky into something from a beautiful painting. Was anybody home? He couldn’t tell if the lights were on or not because of the sky.
You would smile and say something like, ‘You would prefer it if I was at your job?’
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked sincerely.
John showed the flowers to Rosie. “Look Rosie, they are magnificent, aren’t they?”
'What's wrong?'
"Alright, but I'm holding you accountable for anything that might happen in advance."
"Yeah, John, just manage to stay on your feet until we get where we are!"
As if things weren't hectic enough, I got a call, it was from Lara, she said that she was at the hospital with Susanne. My eyes darted over to you, you seemed anxious as I talked with her. You wanted to know what the problem was, that our baby was okay. I asked, and to my relief, Lara said that the baby was okay. I asked her about being in hospital, and she told me that Susanne went into labor a few hours ago. About the same time we started the case. She wasn't supposed to be due yet, Kylie was going to be premature.
John couldn't stand to see Sherlock's face like that. He was hurt, but it was all for a good cause. He'll see.
Sherlock thinks about John calling him love, and what he means to him
"Pardon me, I apologize for running into your friend but you see I am in quite the rush to escape from my pursuer and my surroundings are the least of my concern."
‘Good bye to you as well, Mister Watson.’
“Why?”
I put my hands in my lap, still sort of missing the way his curls coiled around my finger moments ago.
Sherlock’s hands remained steepled and he sat there, like a robot with saltwater tears running down his cheeks, not making eye contact with John, who now knelt before him.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and scoffed.
I almost wanted to say that you weren't dead yet, but if I did, it would imply that you were going to die and that I was anticipating your death at least a little. I wasn't. The last thing I wanted was for you to die, Sherlock. I told you that we were going to Barts the next day. You didn't respond to me. I understood.
"Well, if I'm correct, we should be in Paris in the year 5454, I hear that it is very romantic at that time, perfect for soon-to-be husbands, eh?"
I realized that I was doing a poor job at persuading you. You shook your head.
Lauren gave a faint smile.
“Stop it, John, don’t be rash.”
He hadn’t realized that Sherlock finished talking about his day, he didn’t even hear his name being called the first few times. It was only when a gentle hand was placed on his, and his boyfriend staring at him with soft eyes that he was snapped back to reality.
“Here we are.”
“I see Holmes, it is quite fascinating.”
‘I’m sorry, but what is your name?’
I had to look at you. You hadn’t spoken all morning, Sherlock, I was a bit confused by the sudden outburst. You were staring at me, your eyes searching for some type of response from me. I looked around for a bit before answering you.
"I'll ask again, what for?"
She released herself. She wiped away a few tears, and gave some sniffles. I felt for her, I really did. Molly was standing in the doorway with Kylie in her arms. She looked close to tears too. The atmosphere was heavy with sadness, and I needed to get away from it. I was suffocated by it, and you didn’t need the negativity. Remember, we were trying optimism out for a change. It wasn’t working.
Sherlock’s eyes met his with such shocking intensity, John nearly forgot his train of thought.
"So listen, pup, do you remember auntie Molly?"
Sherlock cut him off mid-sentence by whisking off towards his bedroom. “Just let me grab a few things and we’ll be off.”
John looked over at Molly with a blank expression. She shrank back into the wooden bench.
Holmes didn't answer and the other two were surprised.
“They’re in love, happily and blissfully together.”
"I...uh...."
‘What’s the matter? You haven’t been like yourself lately.’ I would tell you every time you looked particularly dazed. You would respond to my touch, that was good, but you would never give me a clear answer. Your hand would lie on my wrist and you would give me a small smile to reassure me.
"Not so fast, Sherlock."
She slid a small photograph on the desk and we both inspected it. Old habits die hard, I guess.  She was a pretty thing, red-head, with tiny, light-colored freckles sprinkled across her face. She looked twelve, but she wasn’t. I couldn’t quite place her eyes, but when we met her, they were blue-green, you remember, right? Of course you do.
Rosie let out a noise and John rubbed her back. “Yes…I…uh…it’s the only bed I got. Rosie’s got the other bedroom and the sofa is far from comfortable to sleep…”
“He opened it while you were still recovering from that jump. He was just smart enough to open it on the other side so he wouldn’t fall in.”
‘Oh, I’m sorry; did you want the gender to be a surprise?’ She was anxious.
The Doctor gave a smug smile and tossed his sonic in the air as he caught it before it hit the ground.
"Oh of course I did, Watson, in fact, a part of me still wants them to leave, but the other half, the scientist in me, the part that thinks, that never shuts off, that always has that unquenchable thirst for knowledge wants them to stay and tell me how they got here, what their universe is like, and everything else they can share."
Sherlock stared into his eyes, before grinning and nodding. John kissed him and pulled him towards their bedroom. When they were in front of the bed, John began covering Sherlock in kisses. He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips again, and then his cheeks, and then stopped right when he got to his neck.
“I’ve never been the one to shout my love for another on a rooftop, or walk about telling everyone who I fancy at the moment. I’m not the guy who can walk around with his heart on his sleeve, or express how I’m feeling at the time, and if I try to, I get angry, and then there’s a whole other mess for me.”
“Are you referring to me or the baby?” Sherlock deadpanned. John snorted. “Obviously the one who’s in pain, Sherlock.”
John nodded. Ella was mildly concerned now. She placed a hand on his leg and then he jumped. They stared at each other before he realized what happened. He rose out of his chair abruptly. Ella watched on as he put his jacket on.
They made eye contact for a long while before John remembered why he was there.
Watson took that to consideration, but he wanted the conversation to continue.
John understood, of course he did.
‘It is, yes.’ He said.
Sherlock nodded and soon felt the cool, wet fingers slide into him. He gasped and shivered as the fingers slid in and out. Sherlock sat up and latched onto John’s body, whimpering. John shushed him and with his free hand, he placed his fingers under Sherlock’s chin and turned it so that he could get a good look at his face.
“Sherlock did. He came home from a case later that day, and he saw her…lifeless corpse all twisted and misshapen lying on the floor.”
"Her clothes have stains on them, probably from food or markers from school. These stains look fairly old, about a week, which would give you more than enough time to wash them before the school week started again. Must I go on, John?"
John's brows furrowed.
John was still spaced out but only snapped back into reality or some form of it, and heard the question.
Sherlock turned to The Doctor.
“I’ve…I’ve always had to hide who I truly was. I was never able to show myself to the world, to my friends or family, I’ve always secluded it from myself, to others. I’ve spent so long in denial about who I was, who I am. I’ve tried to do everything in my power to stop myself being the way that I am, to give myself the allusion that it wasn’t me I was running away from. Everything was perfectly alright with me. T here was times where I found the courage to finally confront myself, and my peers the truth about me, the real John Watson, but I always ended up discouraged and even scared at times.”
“He didn’t show up, did he?”
I always hated the way you changed the subject.
"Fuck off Greg, your wife took all of your children, what do you know?"
Sherlock sounded scared and John knew that the next words that came out of his mouth would only worsen his mood or heighten it. He wanted to see Sherlock smiling again. He was so gorgeous when that crooked grin graced his plush lips.
John gave a small smile.
'Would you like to have a child with me, John?’
"Nothing yet." Moriarty's voice was eerily calm as he spoke. These were the markings of a true sadist.
"Nothing, Sherlock. Don't worry about it."
“I’m sure that there’s many different AU’s of us.”
“I hit you, didn’t I?”
The husbands pulled away quickly. Their faces were burning red from the lack of privacy The Doctor gave them.
Watson walked over to Holmes. He bent down so his mouth could be leveled with Holmes’s ear.
John snorted, "Yep."
Because he fell in love with somebody as worthless as Sherlock Holmes.
“We’re? Do not mistake that they are not us, Watson. While they share the same name and back-story, it does not mean we are the same entity. They are their own person.”
"Sherlock..." He groaned, but he missed it, of course he missed it.
"Yeah well I'm sorry, but my head is killing me. I think I cracked it open on something when they threw me in here."
'Fine, John.' Your reply was short and blunt.
“Wait. Irene Adler, “The Woman”, Irene Adler?”
Holmes got up and walked over to Sherlock, ready to teach him a few things about violin.
The figure gave a low chuckle. It read sinister with every jump of his shoulders.
"To the very best of times, John."
John and Sherlock talk more about the word "love".
Thank you all so much for sticking with me even with the long wait for the chapters! I hope you all enjoy the story as we continue!
“You know how I feel about you, Sherlock. You know I love being with you, that I love waking up to your face in the morning. You’re so fucking gorgeous, Sherlock. God, I don’t think there’s enough words to help you fully understand how captivated I am with you. Look at me now, I don’t think anyone could ever make me smile like I am now.”
John rose on his tippy toes to kiss Sherlock’s lips. “I’ll see you in bed, love.”
“Why not just kill us both? Why only have one of us die?”
"Oh John..."
You tried to get Greg to give you a few cases to go on. I was a bit worried, Sherlock, you just had surgery, and the last thing I needed was to call an ambulance while we’re chasing after a criminal because your wound re-opened or something. And besides, we had Kylie; we couldn’t run around London willy-nilly now because we felt like it. In the very least, we needed a babysitter who would be able to spend the night, and Molly was a busy woman, believe it or not. But we couldn’t let you get bored, because we all know what you being bored includes, and I didn’t need the headache so we agreed to give you the cold cases that didn’t require the physical effort, or if it did, it was minimal. You were disappointed of course, but you accepted them. A case is better than no cases. You were sat on the couch, or your chair, or in the bed whenever we were getting ready to retire, reading the case files and mumbling to yourself about the suspects’ alibis. It was adorable, up until the point where you were waking me up to validate your opinion. I would wake up some nights and find you curled up next to me with the case files underneath your arm. I would give you a light kiss on the cheek and slide the files from under you. You never even stirred. Kylie would be down with Mrs. Hudson until you woke up, because I had to get to work. In those few minutes before the sun really came out, and before everyone in the flat would start their day, there was a quiet. It was peaceful. I would stand by the kitchen counter for a few minutes just soaking it up. I don’t even know what peaceful means anymore.
The Doctor gave an awkward smile.
"What is it?"
The Doctor's words rang through John's head. He was right. This was the time where everybody had to have wives and children, when two people of the same-sex weren't allowed to be together or even desire a person in that way. It was either you were married to the opposite gender or you weren't married at all. It was punishable by death in some cases.
They finally have The Talk!
“Quite right.”
“But you know we want to start a family, kids and the like.”
John nodded slowly to the last part.
John always found the flat lonely whenever Kylie went off to school. He could always go to Ella, he supposed, he wasn't going to go to her office. He wasn't in the mood to be interrogated. Then he realized that this wouldn't be an issue if he had a job, but who was he kidding, he was never going to go. He sighed and then walked into the living room. He took a seat in his armchair and stared at the blank telly. This was the first time John looked at his reflection for an extended amount of time. He grimaced, he looked at the stubble on his chin, and on his cheeks. He ran his hand across his left cheek. His hair hadn't been brushed or combed for at least a few days, on the occasion that John did go outside, he would only run his fingers through his hair and deem it fit for society. He sighed, Sherlock would have tore him apart for going outside like that, of course, he would secretly be turned on by John's growing beard. John looked over at the kitchen. The dishes could use a washing. He moved his legs to get up, but his body felt heavy, he couldn't move from his chair. He sat back and bent over so that his elbows were resting on his thighs, and his hands were covering his eyes. The pressure he applied to his eyes were starting to hurt, but he wasn't doing anything to stop the pain. The dishes needed to be washed, his hair needed to be done, he needed a shave, he needed company.
'Sherl...'
"John? John! Do you want me to walk you home? Call a cab? I don't think you should be walking tonight."
'Yeah well, it's not like I've exactly had the time to shave, you know I've been busy.'
I asked him, you know. I asked him why he didn’t come over to check on you, why he couldn’t spare one moment to come over and make sure that you were okay.
Watson paced around the flat; he only halted to glance at the clock before resuming his pacing. Holmes was attempting to read one of his many books but was distracted at Watson’s frantic musing. With a roll of his eyes, he marked his spot on the book before closing it and setting it on his lap. He steepled his hands under his chin as he observed his companion grumble to himself and stop to check the clock and then reverted back to his grumbling. Holmes was a bit amused at this sight, Watson wasn’t the one to grouse around the flat like this, but after a time, it began to get under his skin.
“And now if everybody would help and make space so the grooms can have their first dance, please!”
The last person I wanted advice from was my alcoholic, divorced, sister. If I hadn’t been so stubborn, I probably would’ve followed her advice properly, and I would have handled it better.
‘Can I ask you a question, John?’ I heard you whisper.
"SHERLOCK!"
Sherlock remained silent, biting his cheek to prevent any smart remark from leaving his mouth. He hated feeling helpless, more so when John was in the vicinity. He could only imagine how Holmes was feeling. He shot a quick look and saw Holmes's eyes fixated on Watson, who was too preoccupied at the moment to acknowledge his staring. Sherlock knew, he loved Watson just the same, and inside of him, there was a mixture of anger, passion, determination, and of frustration for not being able to help Watson, and to think that Moriarty was getting off on this, sick, vile man.
Among the bottles of pills for several types of pain, I found a bottle for depression as well.
'Sherlock, are you alright?'
“Obviously.”
John wiped away the tears and looked up at Sherlock. So soft and beautiful, he wanted to touch him so bad. He wanted to cry again because he knew that he wouldn’t be able to.
“Think about it, there could be an AU where you’re a flower and I’m a bee, or where we meet as teenagers or children instead of adults, or an AU where we’re mystical creatures and whatnot. There could even be an AU of us where our society is separated into groups like dogs or wolves, alphas and omegas, think about it John!”
Holmes was musing around in the flat, since Watson left. He found the time to check on one of the various experiments he was conducting even though Watson wasn’t a fan of them. He already had to get rid of the two in his room, no matter how much he didn’t want to. Watson claimed that it was malodorous and that it might cause several health problems should he continue to live in it. He was so proud of it too, he was going to get great results because it was unusually warm in those days when he first started and because of the way the building was built, Watson’s room was in more sunlight than Holmes’s was. So Holmes placed a bowl of fruit on the window sill in Watson’s room, and then another one in his room, just to see how fast they would spoil. And suffice it to say, when they actually did start rotting, Watson wasn’t happy one bit.
'Would you like to see her?' Lara asked in the softest voice I ever heard her speak.
John smiled in return. “Yeah.”
Maybe he could call them right now, his boss wouldn’t care, and it wasn’t like there were patients lining up to see him today. Was Sherlock’s phone even on? Was Rosie snapping pictures on it again by accident? He made one of those his lockscreen when Sherlock wasn’t looking. The picture showed Rosie’s wide eyes from the flash, and Sherlock moving to take the phone away. He was adorable.
“Goodnight, John.”
He got a kiss to the forehead for saying that. John rubbed his arm gently and said, “The bills gotta get paid, love. Don’t worry, I’ll be home soon okay? In the meantime, you and Rosie have a few more hours to do whatever you wish.”
He heard a short whistling noise and felt a pinch in his throat. Feeling the area around, he felt the dart. He fell on top of Watson’s unconscious body and forced his body to fight the effects of the poison just enough to see who done it. Unfortunately, the drug was potent and it worked quickly, his vision was already blurred and all he could make out was a man’s body slowly inching towards him.
"They also told us that it's not good to have a close bond with your patient, but I've broken that rule a long time ago."
It didn't matter that Sherlock was crying now, John wouldn't make fun of him for doing it. What did matter was that moment and all other moments that would come after. They spent the rest of that night making slow, sweet, passionate love, and many other nights after that too.
John's mouth was curled into an awkward smirk.
John snorted.
“I’m sure you know that I’m going to ask about websites.”
John was bit thrown off by the sudden mood change, but Sherlock stayed the same. Well, he would be used to the Doctor's personality if he's traveled with him before, wouldn't he? But still, John was still keeping a wary eye on him, he seemed like a good guy, but how much can a person change in a matter of years? He knows how much he changed since the war. Sherlock looked over at John.
With the next step Watson took, he heard a noise not belonging to his feet or his breathing. He was not alone. Already in a defensive stance, he spun around on his heel to where the sound came from. It was low, but noticeable.
“Yes, John?”
Whatever John wanted to say to him was forgotten. He sat with his phone to his ear, listening to the monotonous baritone of his voice. Ruminating on the fact that Sherlock said he napped with Rosie. Sherlock never naps. At least, not when he’s happy.
“Right.”
“Well, if it’s really bothering you, I can switch with you. It’ll be easier for you to sneak information out of Greg.”
'I trust in your judgement, John. You can remember me as whoever you choose.'
Mycroft gave a genial smile and nodded.
‘We’re going to meet the mother of the child today, so come on, get up and put your coat and shoes on.’
As John was helping Sherlock with his coat, Sherlock said, ‘I want to walk a bit before we head home, will that be alright?”
"...Turns out that you did need chemo....and how awful those weeks were, Sherlock. But in the days before that, when you came back home...I don't know what I'm trying to do because it wasn't any better. You were so weak, weaker than before. Your skin was so pale and your curls...your soft, beautiful, bouncing curls, they were lifeless and sprawled all over your clammy forehead. You were sweating, but you were cold, Sherlock. Your eyes, they looked so tired, you wanted to sleep, everything was becoming so hard on you and taking so much of your energy, I practically had to carry you up the steps. You were on the painkillers when we got back to the flat, you complained about wanting to sleep, and then you asked if Mrs. Hudson was muddling with your things again. I smiled and told you that everything was as you left it and that seemed to calm you down. Or maybe the medicine did, I don't know. I do, but I don't want to believe that I'm right, Sherlock. I won't accept that thought, along with many others.
His hand moves to the mess of curls and runs his fingers through them, careful not to wake Sherlock. The man lets out a soft moan and John grins. In all regards he was beautiful.
"But I don't want biscuits. Can you buy ice cream?"
Watson turned to face Holmes again.
The boys fight over Rosie Duty again
“I didn’t notice it then, but I started to use drugs because I couldn’t bear the weight of my loneliness any longer. Everywhere I went, I was reminded of it and then mocked and insulted because of it. I never let the remarks get to me because I knew that I could just forget it all with the sharp pinch of a syringe, and for those few hours where I was high off of the drug, I could imagine a world where somebody would just…”
Every so often I would find you in our room, or in the nursery that was once my bedroom, staring at all of the decorations for our special arrival and processing all of your emotions and thoughts. I didn’t know at why at the time, love, but you seemed to be distant. At first, I just let you be because I know that you were feeling a bit nervous at the thought of a baby entering our home. Mrs. Hudson was extremely thrilled; she would spend more time in our flat than she ever did before, just being her usual self, except I heard the words “baby” and “parents” a lot more. I posted the happy news on my blog and the encouraging comments and praises that we got were overwhelming. Even Harry commented, she said that I needed to call her as soon as the baby was born; I was feeling zestful at the moment so I agreed, the both of you were surprised that I said yes but that’s my sister and this is her niece so I figured that I was doing the right thing. She even stayed sober just to see us.
“Of course I do, Sherlock. Clara doesn’t invite just anyone out, she’s a picky woman.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to look at him like an idiot. “What do you mean? I know what others think of me, and I know that the public thinks you a much better person than me. They would think that I brainwashed you, or manipulated, or even forced you into a relationship! I don’t want you to be judged because you are with the likes of me. If you want to get up and leave right now, I will not hold it against you and go wherever else you want to.”
He wants Sherlock to stop touching him. He wants Sherlock to stop killing him with the soft words that he spoke, and the touches that he ached for. Just let him drink!
"Well, the good news is that he woke up, this shows that while the concussion is still present, it shall fade in time. Give it a few hours to a day."
Watson’s face scrunched up.
Sherlock felt something cold and hard fall into his grasp. He rubbed his fingers against it and once he discovered what it was, he closed his eyes and gave a deep sigh.
Kylie chirped, "Uncle Mycroft's house!"
"I assure you he's okay. John, Watson, and that chap, The Doctor, they're all okay and searching for us as we speak."
"So you have thought about finding someone else?"
"I'll explain everything tomorrow morning, for now, sleep! Come on, off you go!"
He was a smart one, I admit I forget his name, but he was only but one out of the hundreds of faces that I see every day, I only needed him for my personal benefit. You see, it was him who ran back here to inform me of the mysterious box, you should have heard him, Doctor, never seen the lad’s mouth move at such an alarming rate before! I was intrigued; such a thing is hard to make up when you have an average mind such as his. He was only considered slightly above by me because he made sure to tell me every detail of every person that I wished.
He spun Watson around and pushed him out of the room before closing the door. He let out a breath when he heard the muttering and footsteps fade. John crossed his arms and stared the Doctor down.
“What made you find out otherwise?”
But then the days turned into weeks, and your reaction to the chemo got worse.
‘I’m sorry I couldn’t meet you sooner, but I had an appointment, sonogram, actually.’
You didn't respond, and I decided to leave you alone because you looked like you weren't in the mood. Before I left, I heard you talking.
“Fortunately, another woman was in the aisle with me when it happened, she was also a parent, she helped me clean the trolley, myself, and Rosie up with the wipes she carried.”
John almost wanted to ask her when she's seen him happy at all, but he knew the look on her face. Sometimes he cursed the fact that she was so smart. She might as well have come from him.
“If we’re going to talk about what the other deserves then I am positive that I don’t deserve you. And that’s not what you think, is it?”
“The only male I know is….Good god…it’s Holmes, er, I mean Sherlock!”
My eyebrow rose. You huffed again.
“You’re a bad man, Sherlock.” John shook his head as he exited the clinic. They both waved to the receptionist and walked away. Sherlock wore a smug face.
Sherlock’s lip quivers and he almost whispers, “I’m sorry.”
Watson’s smile seemed sad for a brief moment, but then the warmth returned.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John wanted to comment, but the baby had his hands tied. Sherlock shoved his hands in his pocket and leant against the counter as Rosie ate. John smiled softly at her as she gulped down the milk. She finished faster than he had expected, and wondered if he should have another bottle prepared in case. She burped and was instantly better. John’s eyes fell on Sherlock, who wasn’t looking at them. His head was down and bit his lips. He looked as if he were holding back more tears. John walked over to him and offered Rosie, who began smiling when her eyes met Sherlock’s.
“It’s looking better, don’t you think?”
Sherlock grabbed John's hands and his smile disappeared briefly and was replaced with a softness that John rarely saw in Sherlock.
‘I have to go now, thank you for having me over.’
John was too busy staring at Sherlock to open the bottle. Sherlock cleared his throat and John snapped out of his daze. “Right, sorry.” He opened the bottle and poured the glasses. Sherlock took a careful sip from his and closed his eyes.
“Why would I be angry at you?”
John’s heart saddened.
He closes his eyes as he feels the cyberman’s hand wrap around his waist. He fails to see the robot’s tears as his gun rises.
You smiled, love, but I knew you didn’t believe me. I didn’t believe myself. But we needed to be hopeful about it, it could have been nothing and you would have been fine.
John turned and crossed his arms. “Didn’t you two go shopping today?”
“It has much to do with our guests sleeping downstairs.”
A glass of whiskey will be consumed after Kylie goes to bed. Maybe Sherlock will come back and wrap his arms around him again. Maybe John could feel the happiness he hasn't had since Sherlock's death. What is he saying, he has Kylie, Kylie is his daughter, she loves him unconditionally, he has to love her, he needs to love her; He needs Sherlock, Oh god, he needs him. Kylie runs out of the room wearing her pyjamas. A blue tank top and some decently-fitted shorts. She had her stuffed animal in her hand, her stuffed teddy she named Koda after watching the movie Brother Bear. Her hair was tucked behind her ears; she stared at John with a look of exasperation.
"Of course I do, John. It makes things more entertaining."
Kylie bit her lip and stared at him for a while. Then she finally smiled and nodded. John was relieved, he was glad to have such a forgiving daughter. He wasn't going to end up like his parents, he always told himself that. He was going to become better. He kissed her on the forehead and stood back up.
“My trusty screwdriver here jammed their weapons.”
She laughed and gave his cheek a soft slap.
He specifically said to see "her" instead of "them". He doesn't know if he'll be able to face Mycroft, not until he stops seeing Sherlock in his older brother's face. She seemed satisfied and nodded.
He couldn’t help but smile to himself.
Send me ideas for the next story in the series! I have a few of my own but I'm saving them for later.
"I've known you since you were a newborn, I've even watched you a few times while your parents were...while they were out."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You know Sherlock; it won't be this bad forever."
"This is a time-machine, you use it to go to different periods in time, bad things can also happen because it's a time-machine and it messes with time. Relax, John, I won't let anything happen to you or Sherlock, however, I can't promise that bad things won't happen."
Those three weeks were dreadful, Sherlock. Each day, the doctor would come in and say, ‘He hasn’t got long now.’
‘I may not know a damn thing about Sherlock, but I know enough to tell you that something is really bothering him, and it must be something that’ll bother you too if he refuses to speak on it. You two are married, as jealous as I am, and you’re both supposed to know when something is wrong with the other.’ She spoke with a certain dreaminess.
John didn’t realize he said that out loud, but now he was embarrassed and he needed a diversion. “Do you want some tea? I’ve been wanting some for a while now.”
"Why should we?" Sherlock replied.
Holmes finished untying Sherlock's wrists and then moved to his feet. Sherlock examined his burned and bruised wrists; grimacing at them. John would not be pleased. When Holmes untied his feet, he helped Sherlock up to his feet and removed the tie from around his mouth.
“Or what happened to Holmes for that matter?” Watson interjected.
All of a sudden, The Doctor heard a voice say, “With pleasure.”
John opened his mouth to protest, but Sherlock let go of his hand and was already walking to go inside of the police box.
John trailed off. He stared at the black headstone some more, and then he grimaced. He kept on talking.
“Do you Sherlock Holmes take John to be your husband – to live together after God’s ordinance – in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, for better, for worse, in sadness and in joy, to cherish and continually bestow upon him your heart’s deepest devotion, forsaking all others, keep yourself only unto him as long as you both shall live?”
‘Very good, I’ll give you a ring later on today to discuss things further, I have two other patients that need seeing to.’ He didn’t even give me a chance to say anything. He turned around and walked out of the room. I gave you a pat on the back and you rose back up like a vampire rising from its coffin. I tried to make some light out of the situation; I’m not really good at that so I apologize if I made things worse. You just got diagnosed with cancer, Sherlock, I don’t know if anyone can be easily swayed with a joke or two. You gave me a glare; you were upset; of course you were.
Sherlock was surprised at the question, given that Molly had initiated this, and was momentarily distracted.  “Am I sure about this?  Absolutely.”
There was a knock on the door.  Sherlock looked up from his unpacking, realizing that the door hadn’t closed after he came into the room.  A woman pushed open the door fully.  “You the new guy?”  she asked.
Jim was no more.
Greg turned the light off and led Sherlock out of the building.  “I’ll need progress within a week,” he said flatly, as he locked the building.
The cafeteria was in a long one-storey building next to the dorm.  It was about half-full of people by the time he got there.  He saw Molly, Sally, Sarah and Richard sitting at a table, but thought best not to join them.  He found a spot by the wall, where he could sit down with his breakfast: a bowl of porridge and a cup of tea.
Sherlock lowered his hands and looked at Greg.  “No.”
Sherlock opened the door and the two of them squeezed into his bedroom.  Before Sherlock could say anything, Molly moved to him and kissed him.  It was sudden, but Sherlock responded, returning the kiss and pulling her against him, instinctively.  His hands slid down to cup her arse and pull her into him.
John let go of his arm and opened door.  He gave Sherlock a quick kiss.  “This is as far as I can go.  What you need to know is in there.”
Standing in front of the door to 221B.  He pivoted away.
“What’s going on?  How many times have I come here tonight?”  John glanced around frantically.  Time ticking by slowly.  The hands on the clock the mantle weren’t moving.  Not an echo.
It was dimly lit with only the faintest of sunlight slipping through the cracks between the pieces of steel.  Greg pulled a torch out of his jacket and led Sherlock to a pit and down some crude stairs.  He turned off the torch and fumbled around in the near darkness.  “This is it,” he announced as a halogen light illuminated one of the sides of the pit.
After breakfast, Sherlock grabbed a note pad, pencils and his mobile phone from his room and headed to the building.  Veli was waiting for him.  “Mobile phone?” he asked.
“He has such a nice mouth,” Mary nearly whispered.  “Go ahead,” she softly commanded.
“What’s going on here?” Sherlock asked as he headed back to the cafeteria with Greg.
Sherlock followed Greg out of the cafeteria.  They headed towards the building that he had seen John enter on the first day, but instead went around it to another building of corrugated steel that was behind it.  Sherlock didn’t know that this building was even here.  Greg fished his keys out of his pocket and unlocked the door.  “Welcome to the library,” he said as he flicked a switch.
Sherlock groaned inside, dreading being stuck, cramped up in another uncomfortable seat.  “Just lead the way,” he said.
“See,” Jim gestured at her, “she pushes forward the plot, but that is not what is most pressing.  But you don’t realize it quite yet.  So we shall engage each other in this elaborate pantomime, and by and by all will be revealed.  For the time, I withdraw.”  He bowed low to Sherlock.
Down in the pit, he turned on the two halogen lights and sat down on the floor.  He ignored the paleolythic drawings and focused on the blocks.  They were about three inches square with three or four signs in each one. There were hundreds of blocks.  This was going to take time.
At breakfast, he didn’t have to wait long before Greg came over to him.  “I’ve already spoken with my security team.  Veli will be waiting for you to unlock the building.”
Suddenly they could hear Mary laughing.  “Whoops,” she called.
“No. I won’t,” John agreed and was quickly naked.
John knelt between Sherlock’s legs, looking at him.  Sherlock stared back as he sat in the chair, his cock throbbing.
“Well-”
Curious about who this Jim Moriarty was, he clicked on the ‘Image’ tab in Google. “Fuck,” he said slowly, softly.  It was Richard Brook.
“Oh, mmmmm,” Mary said from the bathroom.  “This is...different.”  She came out wearing a black lace cupless and crotchless teddy, nylons and heels.  In her left hand she held a studded glass dildo, but in her right she held a furry tail that connected to a plug.  She let the tail drop and shashayed over to them, pivoting in a circle as she got to the bed.
He walked up and down, looking at the aisles.  Where to begin?  What were even in these cubbies? Correspondence from a king? Or from a merchant?  He sighed and randomly pulled one of the tablets out.  Glancing at it quickly, he could see that there were no name logograms like on the wall.  He flipped it over and looked at the logograms on the back.  No names.  He put it back, turned around and pulled one out from a cubby on the other side.  Again, no name logograms on either side.  These weren’t correspondence tablets then; no salutations, no valediction.  He put that one back, too.
Knock, knock, knock.
She glanced over at him quickly, barely taking her eyes off the road.  “You don’t do field work?”
Sherlock thought for a minute.  “You’re too aware of what is going on to not be.  And yet...”
“Why don’t you call him right here?” Richard responded.
Molly stopped in her tracks.  Sherlock nearly ran into her.  She turned on her heel.  “Get to the site and pick up with what we were yesterday,” she told the workers.  She stared hard at Sherlock.
John shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  “We each have our assignment.  Greg tells us what he wants us to be concentrating on, and we go from there.  He and Richard review everything that we work on and pass it along to the benefactor.”
He sighed.  It was all stupid.  None of it made sense, nothing was consistent.  The logic behind everything was non-existent.  Characters dropped in and out.  And the sex scenes were just forced.  There wasn’t any real reason for them.  He sighed again.
Mike nodded and closed the door behind him.
He blinked.
Greg shrugged.  “I don’t mean to be rude, but it wasn’t my call.  Our benefactor...”
“Nobody’s ever spoken back to Greg like that,” she volunteered once they left the building.
Sherlock pursed his lips.  “You were expecting more? Did you want more?  Was it not enough for you?”  he pressed.
“Fine,” John said, taking a deep breath.  “If you two really want to go in, then let’s.”  He gestured at the nondescript door.  It had been Sherlock’s idea.  Or Mary’s.  One of theirs, of course.  One of them got it in their heads to go shopping.  The only thing John had been insistent on was the location - far away from Baker Street.
He opened the door to his flat.  Mary was asleep in bed.  He quietly changed and slid in next to her.  Dark room, lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, not sleeping.  He was unsure why he didn’t want to go to sleep, but he fought the urge.  There was nothing in sleep for him.  But nothing in waking either.
Mary looked over at Sherlock, who watched raptly.  “He’s so good at this,” Mary said.  “Look at how well he sucks it.  He can take it all without any problem.”  Sherlock’s cock was hard watching John suck Mary’s dildo.  He was lifting his hips unconsciously with each down thrust of John’s head.  “I bet you wish he was doing this to you.”
“You don’t have to worry about getting a reputation, since you get to just sit in your office.  If I did something like that, when I applied for a different dig, I’d probably get labeled a ‘troublemaker’ and not get the position, and if I can’t get chosen for a dig...”  She kicked at the ground as they walked.
“No, you won’t,” Sherlock countered, stripping off his own clothes.
Greg stared at him for a minute and then sighed.  “Fine.  You want to see why you were hired?  Come on.” He turned and led Sherlock back towards the building that they were just at, but instead of going in there, led him around past it.  Greg was walking at a fast pace.  Sherlock wasn’t used to moving so quickly and struggled to keep up.
“However,” Greg continued, “I want you to take a look at that area to the west of Sally’s site that we had discussed when she started her excavations.  I think that could be promising.”
The match ended on the telly Sherlock sat there dumbfounded.  “But, Portsmouth had the better team,” he protested.
“They didn’t do that in Achaemenidian culture,” Sherlock pointed out.
He sighed.  “Fine, What do you want?”
Knock, knock, knock.
Jim stopped clapping instantly and the others immediately did as well.  “I do not doubt that but doing so at this point would be so anticlimactic.  You did it once already.  It was an incredible cliffhanger leading into the finale chapter, but now...now it would just be sadistic.”
“So where else have you done field work then?” she asked.
Richard threw up his hands.  “Enough of this shit debate.  Just show him already.”
She didn’t say anything.
John pointed to the computer.  “That’s it?”
“Portsmouth lost,” Sherlock sighed.
A salmon swimming up river, pulling his arms in tight to push his way through the mass of humans swarming.
“Where’s that knocking coming from?” Sherlock asked John.
A soft groan escaped Sherlock’s mouth.
She walked over to the counter and the clerk rang her out, not batting an eye at everything they got.
Sherlock and John turned to look at toys again.  “I’m going to need some space,” John said.
Surprisingly, it was pretty straightforward.  It took him until early afternoon in order to make a rough translation of the three tablets. It was all very technical, unlike most of the cuneiform tablets he was used to translating.  The part that made sense was a description of the alignment of channels.  What didn’t make sense was the logograms discussing many suns and combining their rays.  He went over his notes three times, but it was the best translation he could do at this time.  He must be missing some sort of nuance, maybe it was some sort of mystical treatise.
Sherlock went to his case and rummaged around before pulling out the aloe vera gel he had brought in case he got a sunburn.  In the mean time, John had produced a condom and was already sliding it onto his thick cock.  Sherlock squeezed some gel into his palm and stroked John’s cock, getting it nice and slick.  John started kissing him again.  He grabbed Sherlock’s right leg and lifted it.  Sherlock guided John’s cock in and relaxed as John pushed his cock deep into him.  His own cock throbbed.
“Sorry,” Greg apologized.  “I like John, but sometimes he seems to think he’s the one in charge of this dig.”
Greg turned back to look at him. “I didn’t.  I told you to translate what you saw.”
Sherlock began to back up slowly, putting his hands up.  “It’s not a problem...” he mumbled.  He backed into another man and jumped.  When he whipped his head around, he saw it was Greg.  “I didn’t...”
At dinner, Sherlock sat the same table he sat at breakfast, barely eating.  He watched the people come in for dinner, but Greg wasn’t among them.  Richard sat down at his table this time.
Sherlock looked at him calmly.  “What you expect me to do, within what I’m assuming is a small amount of time, is something that cannot be done.  I told you I had a very rough translation of the ‘The Slaying of the Dragon’ and it is a very rough translation because it is using logograms that are unique to any catalogued writing system.  And the problem is that I’m assuming that certain logograms are translated a certain way.  Given a larger vocabulary, I will be able to refine the translation, to be more accurate, but in order to be more accurate, it will take time to slowly refine the translation.”  He held up the two tablets in his hand.  “There are approximately 48 blocks on each side of these and,” he gestured at the cubbies, “I can’t imagine how many tablets there are here, and I can’t imagine they’re all well-known Hittite myths.”
“Shhh,” she said and rubbed his cock against her clit.  She moaned in pleasure as his head rubbed back and forth against her.  Finally, she leaned back to grab her trousers that she had tossed onto the bed and pulled a condom out of her pocket.  Sherlock was a little embarrassed he hadn’t thought about the need for one; he was too caught up in the moment, and he also hadn’t packed any for the trip.  She rolled it over his shaft and quickly slid onto him, moving her hips gently up and down his cock.
“Oh, God,” John whispered and hurried over to him.  “Really?”
The mouth didn’t move with the words.
After dinner, as he left the cafeteria, John came up to him.  “Mind if I walk back with you?”
‘Can I have the bag, John?’ You asked with a bit of attitude. I wanted to make you fight for it, maybe tease you with it a few times, but you weren’t well and I didn’t want to make you feel worse. I handed it over to you and watched carefully as you tried to climb out of the bed without hurting yourself. I helped you as best as I could, I placed a hand on your waist, and grabbed your hand with my other.
Sherlock smirked, “It is not as if we planned to come here. We didn’t pack our bags and come up with the wonderful idea to spend some time in Victorian London with our alternate selves.”
"John Watson, meet....John Watson. Sherlock Holmes, meet...well...the other you is downstairs with a concussion."
"Yes, uh, Doctor, what's wrong? Are in the wrong place?"
'No, I don't want to hold her, she's your baby now.' she squeaked.
"It's quite alright, sir, he can rest for a while but we have to constantly monitor his actions over the course of the evening."
“Ah, you are finally awake!”
John could have sworn that Sherlock looked sympathetic.
“Wrong finger,” Sherlock corrected. John chuckled nervously and placed on the right finger.
Sherlock didn’t respond, so John went ahead with his thoughts.
“Moriarty wouldn’t let up, he turned my name into a joke, made me look like a fraud, and everybody turned against me. All I had was John in the end, that’s all I ever have in the end. I had no choice, he was going to kill John, and I couldn’t let him do that. Not to my John. I…jumped off of the roof of St. Barts, and made it look like I killed myself. I considered every other alternative but they wouldn’t have worked.”
"What did he say?"
“Right, off we go!”
Sherlock said that to him once. John believed him too, that it would always be them. But now, it’s John Watson-Holmes, the lonely soldier. The widowed father.
Sherlock smiled and spit. The water washing away any evidence of what just happened.
“No, no, fuck…you were wonderful Sherlock. Just fantastic.”
Sherlock bent down a bit to reach John's ear.
At this point, I was ready to lash out at you, to throw the pill bottle at you and scream. I wanted to yell at you for not telling me, for waiting so long, for making me crazy with worry for you, for not letting me help you. But you didn’t need that, and I didn’t need that, and Kylie was sleeping.
“Holmes, I understand that you hold yourself above feelings unlike every other human, but nothing stirred inside of you when you were given the good news?”
Out of all the things I found inside of your drawers, I would never have expected to find what I did.
‘Oh no, that’s fine, that’s good that she’s checking on the baby’s health,’ I interjected, ‘She’s a lot more responsible than many girls her age, if you don’t mind my asking, what is her age?’
“Feels good?”
John turned the faucet off and then dried his hands. He walked over to the hallway and looked down to see if Kylie was behaving herself. He laughed as he heard her little groans of impatience.
“No, that’s completely understandable.”
That day ended with him leaving with Kylie, who couldn't stop smiling even if she tried. This day is going to end with John getting shitfaced while Greg watches. Kylie was at home with...who was it? Was it Molly, or was it, Mrs. Hudson? Good, this is good, he can't think straight. Maybe the world won't seem so lonely now. Where was Sherlock? When's the last time he's seen him? God, he misses him. Greg slowly moves his drink to his mouth, all without taking his eyes off of John. He invited him out a day after Molly did. John was already typing in his polite refusal, as well as an excuse about no one being available to watch Kylie. Then Greg sent him another text telling him that he would treat him to drinks. John erased his original message and replaced it with a "Sure" and then pressed send. Kylie watched some telly with him and they ended up falling asleep on his favorite armchair. Kylie's little body fit perfectly across John's chest and torso.
‘I would also like to tell you now that I will miss you. You’ve only been with me five months, and I’ve already come to care for you as much as I do John.’
(See the end of the chapter for
Walking down the street, dodging pedestrians.
John looked at both of them.  “No judging?”  They both nodded.  “Fine, but while the both of you may be comfortable in a shop like this, I’m going to need some time to make some decisions.  Alone.”
Sherlock turned around and John moved in to kiss him.  He was shocked by the suddenness.  He had wanted to tell John that while he was flattered, getting him into bed wasn’t going to magically produce results that did not exist.  But the contact flustered him and he enjoyed the feeling of John against him.  He pulled John in tight instead.  John grabbed Sherlock’s shirt and began to pull it off of him and then followed with his own, moving back in to passionately kiss him when they were bare-chested.
Cab or walk?  Does it matter?  Was it urgent?  Does THAT matter?  Probably not.  He would be disappointed either way by the time he arrived.  When did he call?  He hadn’t heard the phone ring.  He slipped his phone out of his pocket as he strode down the street.  It wasn’t to his phone, which meant it was to Mary, but why not him?  He considered the possibilities.  None were satisfactory.  Of course, if he were HIM, he’d be able to reason out the logic for this little game that he was playing now, but he wasn’t so he knew that it would escape his reasoning.
Knock, knock, knock.
“Ah!” Jim shouted, striding forward.  Sherlock kept the rod pointing at him, adjusting his grip slightly.  “We’ve now reached the moment of truth.  Who IS the benefactor?” Jim walked right up to Sherlock letting the rod poke him in the chest.  “Who is this director moving around the characters on this elaborate stage?  You, in your demands, continue your role, deeply immersed in the character.  So rational. It’s so...”  His voice trailed off and he shuddered, gasping slightly.  “But I,” he picked up again, “I, your humble servant, have played my role to perfection, and each other character, including you, have been exquisite in your performances.  Brava!” He raised his hands next to his head and started clapping politely.  “Well done.”  The other robed figures started clapping with him.  Their applause echoed through the chamber.
Sherlock woke himself up with a gasp.  He exhaled slowly before sitting up.  Wide awake.  These dreams.  Why did he keep having them?  He never dreamed like this before, so vivid.
“Yes?”  He said after he climbed the stairs to the flat.  Echo.
“I do what I’m told to do,” he said, shrugging.  “I don’t ask questions.”  He unlocked the door for Sherlock and once again, when Sherlock was inside, closed it and locked it.  Sherlock sighed and headed down into the pit.
She leaned forward and slid her hand over his cheek.  “You’re rough again.”  It wasn’t a gentle caress, but a firm hand.
Mary leaned down and kissed Sherlock on the lips before turning to John.  “It’s time for my fun.  Get on your back.”
“As long as I can get work done,” Sherlock said nearly under his breath.
“But it would be more useful,” John pressed.
“O-o-okay,” he stuttered.  “I don’t have to...”  His voice trailed off, but there was no response from her.  “I’ll see you later then?” he asked as he moved in to give her a kiss, but she was not interested in that, so it was a quick peck on the cheek and then into the closet to slip on his clothes.
Suddenly,  the screen cleared and it was once more just a blinking cursor.
“Well done,” Greg said.  “I am quite impressed.  How certain are you of this?”
He typed.  “Who are you?”
Mary sighed and put the piece of clothing back.  She looked into his eyes.  “If I didn’t want to, I wouldn’t have suggested it.”  She pulled him in close as Sherlock came over to them.  “This is supposed to be fun.  You are always very agreeable to everything we suggest, but you almost never volunteer anything yourself, and certainly nothing particularly daring or adventurous. ”
“I’m going to take a shower,” he announced.
Greg ran his hand through his hair.  “Are you telling me you can’t do the job you were hired for?”
“Don’t be daft,” Greg responded, a little annoyed.  “He’ll sit outside the entire time.  He doesn’t care what it is that you’re doing in there.”
Molly.  She sat astride him as he lay on the ground.  They were naked.  She was grinding against him.  He reached up to stroke her breasts, making her moan a little louder than she already was.
Molly didn’t ask him any more questions.  Mile after mile passed.  At times Sherlock felt like he could drift off to sleep, but he was too curious to let himself nod off.  After about two hours they came to a small group of buildings that was practically in the middle of nowhere; a small village could be seen a short distance away.  It was typical brutalist architecture, probably built during some mis-guided government development plan in the 1970s.  “This is our lodging,” Molly said as she drove up to what appeared to be a three storey apartment building.  “It’s got...problems, but it beats tents.” Molly climbed out of the truck.
“Ohhhhh,” Sherlock moaned loudly.
He heard a growl.  He tried to look around, but Molly grabbed his head so he couldn’t move it.  He blinked.  She had the head of a leopard.  She snarled, lunging down with her jaws wide.
Sherlock was immediately out of the chair and began to lick Mary and tease John’s ass with his fingers.  John groaned, pushing up into Mary.  The presence of Sherlock was too much for Mary and she began to shudder with her orgasm only moments before John had his.
Sherlock tilted his head slightly.  “And yet you’ve approached me to discuss the matter.  So, I ask again, what do you know about it?”
“For all of your cleverness in figuring out other aspects of the technology,” Sherlock said, “mostly through luck, you could not figure out how to work it.”  Sherlock looked at Jim and then back at the other figure. “John,” Sherlock called, “I think you know what I want.”
She didn’t even crack a smile.  “I’m Sally.”
Nobody said anything.  Sherlock glanced around.  Jim still had his mask off, but the others.  Sally was to his right.  Molly. Greg. John. Sarah.  And the others behind them?  Workers from the dig, or...if the benefactor was a terrorist would this be a private army?  Both, most likely.
. . .
“You spoke with the benefactor?”  Sherlock asked.
He stopped.  He didn’t know.  Where was he going?  Home?  That should be the place, lie down, sleep.   But was it?  No other place to go.
Sherlock looked down at his bowl.  “It’s what I have every morning.”
“Notebooks?”  Sherlock asked.
He sighed and closed his laptop.  Time to head to dinner again.
Sherlock spun around.  The sound.  It was...it wasn’t...he couldn’t put his finger on it.  Familiar, but he couldn’t identify it, or where it came from.  He hurried on.
Sherlock sat in his chair, barely moving, not evening responding.
Sherlock sat in his chair, barely moving, not evening responding.  Echo.
Gone was the seductress.  “But if you called me...”
Two days later, at dinner, Greg approached him.  “I need something.  Some sort of progress...”
“That’s it,” Greg said.
“It’s Jim Moriarty,” he declared.
Maybe he had oversold his enthusiasm, but he decided to keep pressing.  “I’ve never seen any sort of-”
“I’m sorry to have disturbed you, then,” he apologized.  “Do you know where I can find Greg?”
Sherlock didn’t respond.
“I’ll need to access the internet,” Sherlock said flatly.  “Since nobody bothered to tell me what I would be doing here, I don’t have the right resources with me.”
When he was done with breakfast, Sherlock headed to the new building and was greeted by Veli.  “So, you’re here now,” Sherlock said to him.
The knocking was coming from the door.  But if that’s where the knocking was coming from, why had he been able to hear it long before he came into the room?  And why would somebody be knocking when they could easily just open the door and come in?
At breakfast that morning, he again sat by himself, but spent the entire time with his head on a swivel.  He didn’t want to be surprised by any of them.  He didn’t want to speak to them, particularly to John or Richard...orJim, he supposed since that seemed most likely to be his real name.  He sat there the entire breakfast time watching them all come and go.  John and Jim were deep in discussion about something as they ate.  Jim was clearly not happy.
“I just– ” He couldn’t explain himself.  “Ok.”
Sherlock was very thirsty.  He reached for his canteen but it was empty.  He knew he had to hurry.  He continued walking across the open land, deciding to avoid the hills that would allow him to view the landscape but would also make him visible.
He kept turning and looking.  He felt like he was being stalked.  They had warned him about leopards and how dangerous it was to go off alone.  There is a long warbling sound.  He looked up.  Vultures circled overhead.
Sherlock scoffed.  “Please.  Everybody knows that you are always part of the stake since you refuse to get involved in these wagers.”
At breakfast the next day Sherlock sat across from John. “Are you going to stick with Achaemenidian being your speciality?”  John didn’t answer him.  “So, what exactly are you excavating? Why does everybody seem to be doing their own thing here and what’s the press for me to do these translations?  Obviously it’s really a Hittite site, or proto-Hittite at least, but why the secrecy about what’s going on here?”
Sherlock nodded, sad that unfortunately his suspicion had proved right, despite how enjoyable it had been.
Sherlock headed back to the site.  Clearly Greg needed something; there must be some sort of pressure from the benefactor.  He sighed and began running through the repeating logograms and symbols.  It looked like this was going to be an all-nighter.
“What’s going on between you and Richard?”
John looked up at Greg.  “If he had a larger vocabulary, it could help us with our work.  And as nice as it is for that show piece to be fully translated, it’s our work here that is the top priority.”
John turned to plead his case to Mary but discovered that she was no longer in the room.  “Mary?” he called.
“Good flight?” Molly said loudly over the rattling engine.  “Sorry about the noise.”
Sally shrugged.  “It’s not part of my assignment.”  Non-committal.  Either she didn’t know, or she wouldn’t say.
Sherlock followed Richard as they headed across the site to the building he had tried to get into the second day.  “Who are you working for?”  Richard asked as they walked.
“I guess I’m lucky, then.”  He wanted to put his arm around her and console her, but he wasn’t sure how she would react to it.
Sherlock swallowed.  “Your mistake is that you handed me a manual for one of your weapons.  It’s a different device but there was enough similarity between what I hold in my hands and what the book describes.  And I can actually read...enough...of what it was you handed me.  At least the important parts.”  Sherlock carefully applied pressure with his fingers and palm and thought about the energy flowing from him and into the rube.  A bright light shot out of the end of the tube and struck Jim.
“Have you...” Sherlock started, but didn’t finish, the question hanging out there, but he was unable to fill in the blank.  It was pure ambiguousness.
She walked over to the bedstand and took a pair of handcuffs out of the drawer, before walking over to John.  John offered up his wrists and Mary snapped them tightly on.  “You can hold onto your cock, but that’s it.  Now, kneel.”
Sherlock jumped up.  “As if you would know anything about logograms?”
“I didn’t say that.” Sarah’s eyes darted around.  “I said the benefactor wasn’t Jim Moriarty.”
She giggled.  “She can’t tell the difference between me and Sherlock?”  She arched her back seductively.  “I’m pretty sure she knows the difference.”  The robe slipped open, off her shoulder, baring her breasts.
Greg moved close to Sherlock.  “Let me introduce my team.  You met Molly already.  She’s a forensic archaeologist.  And next to her is Sally Donovan.  She’s our resident ethnoarchaeologist. John Watson.  His speciality is Achaemenid history.  Next to him is Sarah Sawyer, his assistant.  And then we have Richard Brook.  He’s here for to help with any other Roman and Byzantine artifacts we encounter.”
Richard’s face grew dark and he dropped his arm from Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Excuse us,” he said to the others.  “Sherlock Holmes,” he said, emphasizing his last name, “and I need to talk.”  The other people left chatting amongst themselves, leaving Richard and Sherlock alone.  “Let’s walk,” he said.
Sarah looked up from the screen, but left her hands poised over the keys.  “You missed dinner,” she stated.
He looked around.  “Is that it?”
Jim laughed.  “You’re not the first that we’ve had out here.  And though the others didn’t get anywhere near as far as you have, do you think they were permitted to leave?”
“Stop this,” a female voice said.  Sherlock glanced around, trying to figure out which one it came from.  “It gets us nowhere.  He should at least be of some use.”  Sally.  Practical.  But which one was it.  And who were all these people.
The most recent article was about the Antikythera mechanism and how it wasn’t a product of Greek, Roman or even Achaemenid civilisation, but rather a remnant of an earlier advanced society.  It didn’t name it specifically, but if read with his other works he was clearly referring to an Atlantean civilisation. Sherlock sat back and ran his hand through his hair.  How could anybody believe this?
He turned back to Greg.  “I don’t know why, because I didn’t do a full translation of it, but you have essentially the telling of ‘The Slaying of the Dragon’. And you need to understand that this is a very rough translation of only a small percentage of it.  I don’t have all of the nuances down, and I only have a small portion of the words worked out, but Teshub, Inara, and Hupašiya figure prominently.  And it clearly tells of a conflict between Teshub and The Serpent.  Nobody though it existed, that Hattic was only oral.  But clearly what is here is a script for Hattic.  Or something very similar.”
“You want to talk about that now?”  Richard laughed.  “What do you mean?”
Mary ran her fingers up the back of John’s head until she griped the hair on top. “Go ahead. Suck him,” she said, pushing John’s head down.
* * *
“Who is the benefactor?” Sherlock tilted his head slightly.
“Yeah?” he called.
John shuffled in from the kitchen.  “Is that finally over?  I think they were going to be showing some T20 tonight which I thought I might catch.”
“That would be telling.” Sherlock could almost detect laughter in his voice.
“You said no judging,” he accused.
“Here,” she continued, ignoring his question, “meals are a time to come together and be with our colleagues.  It’s a great way to be able to collaborate on our various projects.”
Too many corridors as well.  They turned and bent at odd angles, none of the floors level so he was constantly going up and down.  As much as he tried, he could feel himself becoming disoriented.
“You two don’t seem to like each other.”
Sherlock awkwardly shook his hand, again keeping the duffle bag from sliding off of his shoulder. “It’s a pleasure,” he said.
“I’d wait until dinner,” she said as she turned to climb back down into the pit.
He hurried over to the cabinet and started pulling books out, quickly flipping them open and scanning the first few pages.  None of them appeared to be about the weapon he had or the weapon Jim had.  He went back to the bones, crouched down and pushed them aside.  The weapon was still there.  He grabbed it and headed out the door.
“Got it,” Sherlock said.  “I think I’ll just turn in for the night.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He sighed.  This was a dead end, no great revelation.  He absent-mindedly scrolled to the top of the article.  There was a co-author with John, a ‘Jim Moriarty’.  Sherlock typed that name into Google.
Veli grunted in displeasure, but unlocked the door for him.
Sherlock looked up from the monitor and slowly twisted his torso so he could look at the door.
“I’m sorry,” Sally said interrupting him.  “How does this relate to me?  Because unless there’s more to this than just a wall with some writing on it, I have my own portion of the dig to handle.”
Greg stood up and looked at Richard. “I’ll call the benefactor and see what he has to say.”
Mary kissed him.  “Take your time.  I’ll be picking something out to wear.”  She went back to looking through the clothes.
“Oh,” John said. After a few seconds he looked expectantly at Sherlock and followed with, “Is that important?”
Sherlock moaned loudly, lifted his hips up hard and erupted in John’s mouth.  John kept swallowing until Sherlock slumped back into the chair.  He let Sherlock’s softening cock slide from his mouth.
“You want his mouth sliding up and down your cock, don’t you?”
He left the building, carefully locking it after him and hurried to the cafeteria.  Greg was eating breakfast with John and Richard.  “It’s Hattic,” he announced to Greg.
“I heard Greg showed you the wall,” he said loudly.
Sherlock blinked awake.  This was a more pleasant way to wake than the nightmares he had had every night.  He looked at his clock.  It was 5 in the morning, but he didn’t feel tired.  He got up and opened his laptop.
Greg stared at him and then pulled out the last page, flattening out the creases in an exaggerated manner. “‘While this author has begun to extensively catalogue the various logograms, further analysis is impossible due to the dig director not permitting access to remote sources via the internet.’ That’s what you wrote.”  He threw the papers down on the table.
“It’s not allowed in there,” he said, jerking his thumb at the door behind him.
It didn’t take long before they were both undressed.  Molly pushed Sherlock back onto the bed and climbed on top of him.
Once Sherlock was too, Mary pointed at the padded wooden chair.  “Sit.”
Mary ran her fingers up the back of John’s head until she griped the hair on top. “Go ahead. Suck him,” she said, pushing John’s head down.
“Thanks for leaving dinner early,” Greg said, standing at the head of the table.  Sherlock stood next to him.  “I wanted to introduce you to our newest specialist.  This is Sherlock Holmes.  We had discussed bringing in a linguist-”
Sherlock sighed and headed back to his room.
John looked up at Greg, studying him for a bit.  “Yeah,” he finally said.  “I guess you’re right.”  He stood up and dropped the tray with the remains of his breakfast at the kitchen to be cleaned.  Sherlock found himself staring at him as he walked away.
“You fucker!” he bellowed.
John looked to Sherlock. “Mmmm?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said cheerily as he went inside.  The door slammed shut behind him.
He followed Molly out of the airport and across the parking lot, but couldn’t help but watching her arse as they walked.  With somebody like her around it would definitely make this job enjoyable.  There was an extremely dusty Land Rover Discovery in the parking lot.  Molly opened the tail gate with a loud, metallic creek.  “Never far from the Empire...” Sherlock joked. She looked at him confused.  “Never mind,” he said as he heaved his bags into the back of the vehicle.  He settled into the passenger seat as they set off.
“Have you...” Sherlock started, but didn’t finish, the question hanging out there, but he was unable to fill in the blank.  It was pure ambiguousness.  Echo.
“You’re his assistant,” he explained with a hint of annoyance in his voice.  “Well, at a certain level. And Greg introduced you as John's assistant.  But you are not just an ‘assistant’. John has said as much, and from the way you sat close to him when I was introduced to everybody, there is a comfort there of more than just colleagues or simple friends.  Although, I’m not quite sure you are his type.  You know what people are doing here.  So why is John working with Richard?”
“Should we...?” John interrupted, looking at Greg.
“Sure,” John said.  “I can take a crew and do some preliminary work there?”
Sherlock sat back, surprised at his intensity.  “I think you’re compensating for your inability to solve this problem.”
Mary slipped her hand between her thighs, undid the cuffs and lifted her hips slightly.  John immediately pulled his hands away before Mary settled back down fully on his cock.  She looked back at Sherlock. “I know you got those knots undone the minute John sucked you off,” she said, “so get over here.”
Greg moved to the side, and let Sherlock step forward.  “Hello.  I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
“Come on,” Greg said and headed out of the cafeteria and back to the dorm.  He led Sherlock down the hall past the conference room.  Sherlock realized that he had been so preoccupied with everything else going on that he hadn’t even explored this building beyond finding the toilets and showers.  He didn’t even know who was staying in each room, other than he figured that the women were not on this floor.  At the end of the hall there was a small room with several computers and printers.  “In here.  I don’t think I need to give you any pointers on how to use these things,” Greg said and promptly left.
Jim laughed.
Mary raised an eyebrow while Sherlock stared.
The leopard opened its mouth and snarled at him.
“Can you do it?” Greg pressed.
“It’s not part of my instructions,” he responded harshly.
Sherlock frowned at her.  “I’ve never seen the two of you working together.  He’s with Richard at the sites, and I’ve only ever seen you here inside the buildings.  The two of them have professional...entanglements that you appear to be outside of.   Whatever they’re doing with their portion of the dig, you provide excuses and maintain the facade of his interest being in Achaemenid history.  You’re not John’s assistant; you’re his handler.”
“No, just...” Molly continued moving her hips slightly faster.  “Are you sure...” she started.
John hurried over to the selection of plugs, nervously grabbed one and brought it back, dropping it in the basket, his face beet red.
There was nothing to tell.  Curious and scared.  Nothing to be scared of.  Scared.  Mary wasn’t in the best of moods when he left.  If Molly said something, anything, would it make it even worse?
“Well, umm, sure, if you want to,” he said, unable to stop picturing Mary in it, or at least trying to picture her as best as he could figure out what it would look like on her.
He was just arranging the books he had brought on the chest of drawers when there was another knock on the door.  Sherlock looked over.  Greg stood there, smiling broadly.  “Ready to meet the rest of my team?” he asked.  “I know you’ve met some...” He trailed off.
Sherlock gasped and sat up, panting.  He was alone in his room.  He glanced at his wrist.  It was almost seven.  He flopped back onto his pillow, still breathing heavily. He rubbed his face and decided he might as well get up.
About fifteen minutes later he walked over to them.  Mary and Sherlock were standing making small talk.  Mary had a basket hooked over her arm filled with various things that the two of them had already selected.  “Positive? No judging?” he asked.
“You shit!”  Greg reached out to grabbed Sherlock’s shirt, but Sherlock stepped back and Greg missed.
Sherlock sighed.  “This is completely new.  It’s not like there’s a database out there with logograms from late neolithic Anatolia because none have existed before.”
The razor slid over his face, sliding through each whisker, but every time he ran his hand over his skin, it was still rough.  He shaved, but the blade caught and pulled before.   The razor doing it’s job but not.
Greg looked a little sheepish. “Our...benefactor insisted on you.”  There was an uncomfortable silence before he continued.  “Tomorrow, I want you to see the dig in action.  Get a look around at what we have going on here and settle in.  After that, we’ll talk.  Ok?”
Sherlock sat down in the pit and opened his computer.  Surprisingly, the connection which wasn’t that strong in his room was extremely strong here, and he had no issue with connectivity and speed.  He caught up on a few e-mails and settled in to cross-referencing the logograms with other symbols commonly used in Anatolia.  Better, but still this would take a while.
Greg’s clothes were rumpled, his typically neat gray hair mussed and his face was red.  “I, um,” Greg started, “I submitted your report, exactly as you wrote it.  I just wanted you to know that I didn’t alter anything.  And then, I spoke with the benefactor, and...you were right.”
“You collaborate with Jim simply to prove your theories right.  You know what it is that Jim is after but you have no interest in his machinations; he’s the conduit to allow you access to the funds necessary for an operation like this.  Sarah is simply there to enable you and give you a buffer between Jim and the benefactor, as much as she might detest Jim.  It’s time I know who the benefactor is.”
“What exactly are you excavating?” Sherlock asked John.
A call to Mary, but looking for him.  He needed a stooge, like a Lestrade or a Hooper, used in each their own special way, but only in that way.  Why did he bother?
“It is not Jim Moriarty,” she replied.
He followed Greg down the hall to a small conference room.  Five people were seated around a conference table.  Molly and Sally sat on one side of the table.  A rather handsome man with dirty blond hair sat at the far end.  He sat serenely, his arms gently folded across his chest.  The short sleeve shirt he was wearing showed off his muscular forearms.  On the other side of the table from Molly and Sally sat another woman.  Blonde as well, but her chair had been slid down close to the end.  Her shoulders were tensed up.  From how close she was sitting to the man at the end of the table, there was clearly some relationship there.
Sherlock thought quickly.  “Molly!”
“Okay,” she said, barely looking up from her reading.
He sat down.
He looked up at her.  “What is?”
The sun was already hovering above the horizon by the time he decided to call it quits for the day and left the building.  He had to knock on the door for it to be opened for him.  Veli handed him his cell phone back and re-locked the door.  Back in his room he reviewed his notes.  He had spent the day just looking at the blocks, finding several that repeated multiple times.  Those he had carefully copied over in his notebook.
Knock, knock, knock.
The corridors wound endlessly through the rock.  Sherlock tried to make note of points he passed, but there was a sameness to them all.  It was the same sparse retro-futurism look with minimal lighting, enough to allow him to see where he was going, but nothing to orient him; nothing like what he would expect in a neolithic settlement.  Doorways led to other rooms, some the same size as the one he had been in with Jim, but others were much bigger.  Other doorways led to more halls.  His eyes darted about for logograms from the Atlanteans, or some other signs that the dig might have placed to help them navigate this labyrinth, but there was nothing.
Greg went on. “I should have given you the password to connect on-line.  It’s ‘DemBones’.  Capital d-e-m-capital b-o-n-e-s.  All one word.”  He chuckled nervously. “Archaeology humor.  Anyway.  I want to apologize for what happened earlier, too.” He turned to leave.
, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock nodded.  “Yes.  It’s been a while since I slept in anything other than my own bed.”
“The logograms,” Sherlock explained, somewhat patiently. “It’s Hattic.” He quickly added, “I think.”  He dropped down next to Greg.  “The repeating blocks, not all of them, but several of them are names, and much like Egyptian hieroglyphs, these have a distinguishing mark.  Here they have an additional line over the logograms.” He looked over at Richard.  “Scribbles, you said?  Didn’t think I would notice the patterns and marks?”
John leaned in.  “Think of this is a vacation.  You can have anything you want, and not have to worry about cost or anything.” He leaned back.  “Trust me, Sarah keeps nagging about what I eat here, but as you can tell...” John nodded at his plate.
She got up and left him shivering in the bathtub.  “Yes,” she agreed.  “Do that.  You ARE a doctor, aren’t you?  The last I knew that’s how you introduced yourself.”
It wasn’t like with Mary.  Maybe it was.  He just went with it.  Naked bodies rubbing against each other, tongues in each other’s mouths and their hands and fingers everywhere.  He enjoyed it, but didn’t want it to happen, yet he let it, not saying anything.
He had assumed that coming here would be like when he went to Uni.  Lots of people in and out of the rooms, being social.  All of that conventional interaction.  Not that he liked it.  But here...it seemed that they weren’t all that interested in him.  He could use that to his advantage so he could get his work done in peace without being badgered all the time.  Except it wasn’t just that they weren’t interested in him.  It’s as though neither Molly or Sally wanted him to be here.
“Look,” Greg said exasperated, “Either you can do it or you can’t.”
He ignored Jim’s psychotic ramblings; at least Jim wasn’t trying to attack him. He wouldn’t let Jim distract him now.  “What’s down there?”  Sherlock asked her.  “I’d guess it were a missile silo, only what use would an ancient culture have with that.”
. . .
Mary, smiling, looked down at John. He reached between her legs and gave the tail a light tug.  Mary closed her eyes and moaned softly.  When she opened them, she climbed into the bed with them and said, “Mmmm, Mr. Watson. You can be adventurous when you give it a try.”
Mary leaned down and kissed Sherlock on the lips before turning to John.  “It’s time for my fun.  Get on your back.”
Sherlock lunged forward and grabbed the tube by the grip and pointed the other end at Jim.  “Beam weapons.  That’s what you have.  They incinerate the bodies, leaving only charred bones.”
There was somebody behind him.  He turned around.  A woman in long flowing robes stood before him. “Who...?”  he asked.
“Yes?”  He said after he climbed the stairs to the flat.  Echo.
“Hmmm,” John said in disappointment, getting dressed quickly, and left without another word.
Most of the cubbies had ten to twelve tablets in them.  He found one with just three.  If he was right, all of the tablets in one cubby would be related, as though it were one book, so starting with a cubby with only a few would give him a sense of what he was dealing with.  He took the three tablets and lay them on the ground. He sat down in front of them and opened his laptop and pulled out his notes.
He moved back towards Greg.  “Has our ‘benefactor’ seen anything like this before?”
Who exactly were these people he was working with?  Greg had introduced them with their areas of expertise, but he didn’t know anything about them professionally.  He’d start at the top.  He had looked up ‘Greg Lestrade’ when he was hired and found his name in various academic journals about digs in Anatolia and Greece.  It was fairly mundane work on bronze age sites, but nothing of note.  Adding in new search terms gleaned from this site didn’t provide additional results.
“You also were not at lunch,” she added.
Sherlock furrowed his brow.  “What do you mean?”
In the bedroom, he undressed. Sherlock didn’t have to say anything.  He knew it’s what he wanted.  Sherlock was naked as well.  His member was already turgid.  Kissing, rough and hard, he wasn’t in charge.  He reacted.  He accepted.
None of the figures said anything, or even moved from where they had emerged from the corridors.
He was back in the corridor.  If he was able to retrace his steps, he’d get to the lift to take him back to the surface, but he didn’t know how Jim had made it work.  Had it returned to the surface?  And if people came looking for them, that’s where they would be coming from...unless there was another entrance.  He had no way of knowing.  A map would be useful. He continued away from the lift, clutching the weapons tightly.
John was looking up at her as he sucked the dildo deep into his mouth.
He didn’t know why, but he asked, “Are you...are you Inara?” He reached out towards her.
Mary slid forward, copious amounts of liquid dripping from her onto his belly.  She got up and went into the bathroom, picking up her phone along the way.  Sherlock crawled up from between John’s legs and lay with him on the floor as John caught his breath.
Moonless, starless sky.  Thick, heavy clouds blanketed the city.  Suffocating.  He felt that if he pushed out to the edges of London, the clouds would descend to the ground and there would be no leaving.  He was trapped here. This wasn’t anything new.  He had always been trapped here.
“Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrggggggggggggg!” he erupted, clenching fists, nails into palms, enough to mark, not enough for blood.  “Am I going mad?” he demanded.  Sherlock stared.  Different, not an echo.  “What next?  Huh?”  Not an echo.
Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you Who are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
