“I understand,” Steve responded, his breathing labored from being out of water for such a long time. The merman glared up at the human, his blue eyes hard and unrelenting.
“Oh no,” Tony murmured, tossing the bookmark back in the bag and standing up. he paced his living room, thinking of what this all meant and what he would do going forward. Tony thought about what it meant, the soulmark warming and itching when Steve was around, and now Tony was thinking of the man and being attracted to him?!
Steve handed out Tony’s presents to his fellow Avengers. He didn’t see one for him, and that surely did sting. Steve had hoped that even though their feelings weren’t mutual, they’d still be close friends. Wishful thinking, he guessed.
“Ugh,” he groaned opening his eyes to see that he was indeed laying on top of the brunette.
"I should have saved him, should have been there," Tony repeated over and over. He'd closed his eyes a moment, but when he opened them Tony was not in the hospital of a modern age.
“Before we get to that,” Tony said, laughing lightly and wiggling his hips, his tumescent cock noticeable under his slim fit trousers. “I want to try something out. Nothing over the top or different. But I think it’ll be quite pleasant for both of us,” the genius added, giving a slight shrug as Steve crawled back up to be face to face with the brunette.
Steve, bless his soul was utterly confused by the positioning until Tony’s hands grasped the other man’s upper thighs and yanked the super soldier back, Steve’s heartbeat quickened, understanding falling upon him as Tony’s fingertips started tracing the florally lace pattern of Steve’s thong.
“Wrap it up boys, we gotta head to debriefing,” Natasha said then, arms folded across her chest as she turned to follow her fellow spy. Tony glared at Steve, and Steve glowered back, while Thor just stood there, looking at them with an annoyed expression before walking away with a sigh.
Steve woke with a start, his breath uneven, his hair sweat laden. His flannel night shirt was also sweaty, and his hands were shaking. He looked over to see Tony still fast asleep, a tuft of dark hair peeking over the comforter.
Tony bit out a moan, stilling his lover’s hips then. “Not yet, baby,” Tony said once he found his voice. “Soon, though.” Steve made a small disappointed noise before chuckling lightly.
"No thanks, Cap," Tony replied, checking his smart watch then. "Shit," the brunette cursed, grabbing for the door. Algorithms were going crazy at Stark Tower, and Tony needed to get there as soon as possible to try and straighten it out. "Gotta run, but if you need anything, give me a call," Tony said half way out the door. He took a card out of his jacket and handed it to the blonde before racing down the hall.
Did this all mean Steve had one too? Did he have a soulmark that itched and burned when he was around Tony? Tony didn't know. And he couldn’t really ask the man, could he? They were a personal, private matter.
After the debriefing, the five Avengers headed back to the tower, Clint and Natasha heading to their quarters while Thor, though battered and bruised, went to the kitchen to eat the entire fridge.
Five months…
Tony held up the blonde’s lingerie panties then, arching a dark brow. “This would have been a tough one to explain,” he said, and the two of them giggled again before Steve snatched the garment from the brunette’s hand.
As they sat in companionable silence, Steve thought how nice it was. How a woman so reserved as Natasha found trust in him, and would allow him to be so close in friendship. He never took it for granted, that he knew for sure.
“What’re you doing? Put that away,” Tony said when Steve was fishing for his lone credit card.
“Please fuck me with your tongue,” Steve huffed out. Tony smirked, and while still holding the man’s hole open with his thumb, Tony darted his tongue out, giving shallow licks to the inside of it.
Steve was plagued with more dreams, and even voices. Women talking, or men chattering. Visions would pepper his sight too. It was actually inhibiting his sleep and work, and his soul mark went aflame when Tony was around. Steve knew what that meant of course. But he was honestly terrified to talk to Tony. Not because of Tony, but for what the man would say, and the probable rejection that would come with it. Steve just had to bite the bullet and tell Tony of the dreams, the mark and... his feelings for the brunette. Soulmates aside, choice or not, Steve knew in his heart and mind that he felt the most content with Tony. He was truly joyful and whole side by side with the genius.
Another soul piped in then. “Yeah, we just wanted to give the new line and rope a try before we reached the main land,” an older crewman said casually. Tony looked back to the younger crewman, his face blotchy and red. The brunette inventor figured the kid was lying, either way Tony disregarded it and took a step closer to the distressed sea creature still bound in rope and listing to the left side a bit.
“Oh, so I just wanted to apologize for my behavior these last couple weeks.”
The trip down was a quick one, though Steve’s heart pounded wildly with each floor that brought him closer to Tony. When the doors opened up, Steve hesitantly took a step out, the tiles much cooler on his bare feet than the elevator’s.  He wasn’t sure why a bout of worry washed over him, lurking like a dark shadow. There was the sound of muffled music he could hear through the glass walls, and he could see Tony, the dark-haired man hunched over a piece of the Iron Man suit. Steve watched as the muscles in Tony’s shoulders shifted under his t-shirt when he put pressure on the metal piece. The genius scrubbed at his face with a hand then, leaving a smudge of grease on a tawny cheek before refocusing on the item in front of him. God, he was beautiful.
“Alright, well I’m gonna change the spark plugs then,” Tony replied, moving to the hood of the car, careful not to kick Steve’s legs.
“Yeah, I’m here,” Tony said into the phone, conversing with whoever he was on the telephone with. Steve hurried back to the bathroom, clothes in hand before closing the door behind him. Well, he never saw Tony react that way around him. Maybe he just caught the genius off guard, surely that’s what it was. Steve wouldn’t humor the idea that it was anything more.
Steve came a third time that night when Tony’s one hand massaged his rim while he rode him, his beloved’s other hand tugging at the meaty head of his weeping erection. Steve’s come spilled onto Tony, splattering up his chest and to his defined clavicle. Steve’s body was overly sensitive as Tony stroked him to completion. His body was on the ripe side of pain, his entrance and channel stretched and sloppy, his penis spent. Not to mention Steve’s muscles felt as if he’d gone through boot camp again before his super soldier serum.
"Yes, Tony," Steve cooed, eagerly pulling the brunette's shirt up and over his head. Tony found Steve's mouth again, a hand cradling the blonde's head, the other tracing the musculature of chest. He was pleasantly surprised and even a bit proud when Steve moaned so sweetly from Tony rubbing at his petal pink nipples.
Before Tony could respond to him though, Steve lifted off him, settling himself back fully on the man’s erection, working himself back into a rhythmic canter. The super soldier moaned dirtily, his hands tracing over his own thighs, up his belly and to his chest, pinching his pert nipples, rolling the sensitive, pale pink buds between his fingers. The genius let out a strangled gasp as he took in the sight of Steve touching himself intimately. Tony dropped his head back against the plush pillows, digging his fingers into Steve’s muscular thighs.
“Have you ever read a Grimm’s fairytale?” Steve inquired, a brow quirked. “This is nothing compared to those. And I wasn’t done. The gods had seen Brayan’s self-sacrifice as well as Ferris’s bravery and strength. And so, they lifted their souls up into the heavens, creating them there. The one burns slightly red for Brayan’s selflessness, and that one burns blue for Ferris’s diligence and valor. Their earthly bodies perished, but their spirits live on in the sky, together.” Steve finished the tale, looking at Tony who had his eyes on the stars still.
With his mouth parted in astonishment, Steve circled the room, taking in all the different supplies that peppered the space. A multitude of pre-stretched canvases were in one corner of the room, along with all the supplies needed to stretch canvas oneself. Steve then found himself looking at a glass case that held hundreds of paints, all categorized by color and paint type. The super soldier saw the row filled with oil paints, a medium he had been wanting to try out for a long time. Next to that were an assortment of paint brushes, palette knives, sponges and painter’s palettes. Steve fingered the tan soft bristles of one of the brushes, the texture like silk. In the center of the room was an angled table with drawers along the side. Shuffling through the drawers, Steve found sketchbooks upon sketchbooks of different kinds of paper, from tanned sheets to textured watercolor paper. And in the front drawer laid drawing pencils, charcoals and pastels ready to be used.
-----------------
Tony calmed down.
been particularly good at it.
“Yes and undecided. Keep going.”
The party, already in full swing when he arrived fashionably late, was everything Steve had hoped for (and utterly unlike any party ever thrown at Stark Tower). The great hall of the castle would have been art enough on its own, but the smooth stone walls were embellished with dozens of well preserved tapestries from throughout European history, rows of tastefully displayed Anglo-Saxon artifacts, and standing suits of full armor, cunning weapons of all shapes and sizes clutched in their gauntlets. Through the hall strolled classy, laid back people of conspicuous wealth with red wine and canapes in their hands.
And now Steve was meeting him for lunch.
mind and was just too angry to care).
"Goliath," Xanatos' voice was firm but calm, "this is Tony Stark, and not only could he kill you, he could bring down the whole castle without breaking a sweat. Tony, this is Goliath. He and his clan protect the castle. It's their home."
They fell into step, strolling down the block together.
When Steve let himself into the workshop, Tony was fabricating what appeared to be a brushed chrome version of Dummy to the dulcet tones of Dethklok, goggles down, arms bare, soldering iron in hand. Steve turned the music off, but Tony didn't even look up.
Steve and Xanatos have a chat.
"You bet your ass it is. This lunch date was just the break we've been looking for. From now on you are to be the perfect boyfriend. Give him whatever he wants."
"It's obviously a trap."
Steve felt his blush race down his neck. That sounded something like what Howard used to say to get him all flustered in front of Bucky, a casual tease that left him flailing for a dignified response.
"Have dinner with me tomorrow."
---------------------------
on my team a consolation prize. We might be a band of misfits, but I'll be damned if I let you insult us."
"Great. See you then."
"I suppose that's one way of looking at it. My name's Tony."
"I don't want your money," the stranger snarled, cocking the trigger and raising the barrel to Xanatos' forehead.
"I'm sorry to be so dramatic, Steve ... but I need to talk to you, and I'd much prefer to do it face to face ..."
"Yeah, I had to give you my work number ... not my
"Then she took my thingy."
Xanatos shuddered, dark eyes drifting shut for a heartbeat, a smile creeping back onto his face.
"Tony doesn't get a say in this ... in us."
"It's beautiful, what does it do?"
Sure enough and without a word, Goliath emerged from the shadows, his face cold and cruel and wary.
“I had to go talk to Pepper … about what happened.”
Either way, it was exactly what Tony had been afraid of, Xanatos playing them against each other, letting out exactly the information he wanted known ... but why would he want Steve to know about the gargoyles?
“I’m still sorry, though.” Steve went on, no longer laughing. “I had my own reasons for moving too quickly.”
"Thank you, Owen." Xanatos took the drinks and nodded his man's dismissal.
"No, I'll ... I'll stay ..." he murmured softly.
Steve found himself feeling very relaxed with Xanatos as they shared their stories from their previous lives. He told Xanatos about how he'd often been sick growing up, how he'd been determined to follow Bucky into the army, how it had led to ... All of this."
"Wh-what happened?" Steve asked, feeling winded.
“It’s plenty fair,” Steve said after a minute, his one hand still playing with Tony’s hair. “I’m not gonna come that soon. Where’s the fun in that?”
“Get the crash cart! Start compressions!”
“No,” Steve says, shaking off the lingering choking despair and willing his conviction into the warm brown eyes staring into his with a mix of fear and trust. “You’re not going to die.”
“Haven’t you heard a word I’ve said, Tony? You can’t. We have to find another way.”
“Sorry, that was funny, though,” Steve said, biting his full bottom lip.
Steve giggled, beaming up at Tony before he too sat up. “Actually, there has been a garment I’ve had my eyes on,” Steve admitted, taking the purple slip from his love. “Maybe we can look at some together tomorrow? You could pick out some pieces you’d like to see me in,” Steve offered, leaning to kiss Tony’s shoulder.
The day was supposed to be out of this world. They were hosting a large Avenger party that night, filled with fun and excitement, the energy vibrating. Tony was all too eager to socialize and be with his close friends.
Waiting at the front desk, two small suitcases at their sides, Tony fiddled with a pen laying on the counter. Steve wondered if he was nervous for some reason. Did he think they would be recognized now that they’d be around more folk?
“Steve, I-I’m so close,” Tony whined, flicking at the blonde’s nipples and seeing the perky flesh redden under his rough touches. Steve lurched into his boyfriend’s touch, craving more. The blonde breathed heavily, the air absurdly thick as he panted, mouth agape while he watched his love caress him with skilled hands. He really wanted to see Tony come undone, to see his handsome features as his orgasm washed over him.
his body being neglected to the pleasurable desire that flowered within him. If he’d been with anyone but Steve, Tony would have been spent to completion by now. But Tony would praise Steve’s body, leaving himself to be second priority. The brunette’s mind only focused on the blonde in those moments.
“Two weeks from now is a military gala. There will be a tribute to Aunt Peggy, and I am going to give a little speech on her role with S.H.I.E.L.D, ya know, before it became corrupted,” she joked. “You should come.” Steve knew what gala she was talking about. He believed he received an invitation as well. He didn’t really want to go before, but knowing that there would be a tribute to Peggy, Steve didn’t want to miss it. He’d already missed 70 years with her. He needed to start making up for it now.
“Tony, what is going on, son?” The older man said, quickly throwing a few other parchments over what he was working on.
Steve stopped mid stride then as he headed toward his fridge, only to look back at the card and folder that held Tony's profile. The man was arrogant and superficial, Steve thought. That's what he picked up from the debriefing papers. But there was something so familiar about the brunette genius, not just because he was Howard's son, but something that went beyond that. As if they had met before.
The mission went bad, and everything seemed to be a blur. Tony the entire time stayed close to Steve; an unexpected need to protect him had overcome his senses.
Soon enough it was Tony’s turn to wash Steve, wiping what remained of the dried mess on his belly. He was careful as he drifted the wash cloth down over his bum and entrance too. Steve was wonderfully aching, and he knew even with his faster healing, the bite of pain would last till tomorrow. Even the love bite on his neck would be a faint bruise. He enjoyed that though, knowing Tony marked him in such a way. The soreness in his backside and the marks upon his skin would be a lovely memory of this precious night.
Steve came with a sharp intake of breath, an exhale following suit, his voice a desperate moan. Tony stroked him through it all, muttering sweet, encouraging words as Steve spilled his seed into the genius’s hand and onto the chiffon of his nightie.
Steve opened his eyes, dark and glistening with lust still. Each kiss Tony planted on his skin grounded him back to the present, the euphoric state of his orgasm fading away. Once Steve could think semi straight, he wrapped his arms around Tony and pulled him up so that he could kiss him, his tongue dipping into the brunette’s mouth, tasting himself. It was a primitive notion, but it made his softened penis jerk in interest once more; Tony wasn’t lying about the three orgasms.
Steve heard the person on the other line say something, Tony not replying as he let Steve continue to cuddle against his jaw, his teeth teasing the man’s short cropped beard before he pressed open mouthed kisses down Tony’s pretty neck.
“I’ll be sure to do that,” Steve replied with a nod, looking down at his boots.
“You shouldn’t feel ashamed of it, either. It’s normal, I believe, for partners to assume certain roles. Don’t you think?” Tony added, his voice sweet and unchallenging.
“After the fall of S.H.I.E.L.D last year, I became a member of the CIA, though I still am an ambassador of sorts for the new and improved S.H.I.E.L.D,” she said, giving him a close-lipped smile.
“Yes,” Steve huffed out, arching his chest up for Tony to play with him there. Tony gave him a wink, reaching beneath Steve to grab his ass while then going to work on the pink perky nipple, savoring it. “O-oh,” Steve sighed, his eyes shutting as he felt Tony’s hands, tongue and lips caress him with skilled movements, knowing how to make Steve fall apart. Tony chuckled lightly, knowing exactly what he was doing while he kneaded his fingers into the plush flesh of Steve’s rump. Steve raised his stockinged legs up, bracketing Tony’s sides, wanting the man to keep on doing what he was doing, which was driving Steve wild.
“Mhmm,” Tony replied, leaning back in his seat.
Tony swallowed the guilt though, opening the door to see one of his favorite sandwiches, fruit and a glorious cup of coffee. He smiled, knowing how Steve would do this a lot when he meandered down to the lab. One strong arm would be filled with a sketchbook and supplies, the other holding food or a cup of coffee for Tony.
“Well, don’t feel like you’ve got to win my friendship back, Tony. Because I never stopped being your friend,” Steve said, a quizzical expression on his face as he looked at the brunette.
“I think we shall,” Steve remarked, smiling coyly. “Never thought we’d have boyfriends, huh?” And Tony chuckled, shaking his head.
“O-Oh,” Steve said, his breath caught as he arched his body. Tony still held onto him, his hands finding their way to Steve’s perky nipples.
Steve wished he could see Tony better from the position he was at. He didn’t have time to ask Tony to come back on the bed before Steve gasped in surprise when he felt the man’s mouth on one of his ass cheeks, his teeth kneading into the plush flesh there. “Oh, Tony,” Steve said, his voice filled with pleasant surprise. Yeah, Steve had done something similar to Tony before, but Steve never imagined how fantastic having his boyfriend’s mouth on him there would feel.
“So cryptic,” Steve murmured against Tony’s mouth, sighing then as the brunette pulled back the lacey fronts of his boyfriend’s garment, exposing his firm and defined pectorals. It never failed for Steve to blush under his beloved’s intense gaze, knowing how Tony’s gorgeous doe eyes looked over every inch of bare skin, taking in the curve of the blonde’s pecs and the pebbled flesh of his petal pink nipples. Steve felt that Tony seemed to be able read his mind too, knowing how much Steve wished for the genius’s mouth and tongue to caress and move over his warm, heated skin. Without a word, the brunette slid a hand up Steve’s abdomen and traced the crease between the blonde’s pecs, caressing the taut skin there a bit with feathery fingertips before gliding that hand back down the super soldier’s abdomen.
“Amazing,” Steve slurred, taking a deep breath and smiling up at Tony. The brunette loved the man’s easy smile, always causing butterflies to flutter anew within him.
He’d figure this all out. Tomorrow was a new day, a fresh start. For now, though, it was time for another shower, a cold one.
“You’re extremely overdressed right now,” Steve commented, chuckling lightly as he pushed the thick denim down over the curve of Tony’s rump before the clothing fell to the floor. Tony stepped out of the garment, kicking them to the side. Steve saw how the man’s penis strained against his maroon boxers. Steve felt his own penis jerk to attention once more. Soon enough, he’d be fully erect again.
Serendipity: noun- Finding something beautiful without looking for it.
“Go ahead then,” Tony cooed,” blowing on Steve’s hole all while pushing his fingers in and out of the man he loved with his entire heart. “You’ve been holding off so long,” the genius added, trailing his unoccupied hand over Steve’s side. The super soldier began to stroke himself immediately, urgently twisting the coil in his lower belly with each tight movement of his hand.
The rest of the speech went on with Sharon talking about Peggy co-founding S.H.I.E.L.D and why they did. Tony tried to pay attention though he practically knew all this information anyways. All he could really do was think about how Steve was sucking face with Peggy’s Goddamned niece.
“Oh, God yes,” Steve said, loving how Tony took control of the situation, keeping him pinned between both of his hands. He loved that about their time together, to give Tony dominance and just let him do whatever he desired. Because he always knew he was safe with the handsome brunette, and that Tony would always make him feel on top of the world.
Steve wasn’t a fan of Valentine’s day. Not because he was single every time the holiday came around, but because of how so many have forgotten the history of the holiday. He thought the materialism that plagued the holiday in the 1940s was bad. But now in modern day, it had surpassed even the generous gestures of love in his time.
It was as if they were fated by the stars, destined to be together no matter the odds that fought against them. They were like the warriors in his mother’s story, Brayan and Ferris, always together in the constellation above.
“James wouldn’t want us sulking like this. Nor would he want to see you blaming yourself,” Natasha spoke then, nudging Steve’s pale aqua tail with her own dark grey one.
“Impeccable. So damn impeccable, baby,” Tony said, holding him and kissing the man’s temple. “You liked it, I could tell. Especially when I guided you,” Tony whispered. Reaching a hand to turn Steve’s face so that the super soldier was looking at him. Tony smiled faintly before leaning in to lick at the bit of come that still wetted Steve’s bottom lip.  Steve chased after his lips then, capturing them in a searing kiss as he maneuvered over Tony once more. The genius hissed and took in a breath when one of Steve’s thighs brushed against his abandoned erection then, the blonde pulling back quickly.
“I’m sorry about last night.”
"They didn't send me," he sighed as he stepped into the elevator. He didn't
"That's good, 'cause you might be seeing a lot more of him over the next few days."
"He's straight."
"You'll have to forgive Goliath. He's had a rough first day in New York."
Before he’s even had a chance to consider the question, something shifts in the air and Steve is left grasping at smoke, the Red Skull insubstantial when he reappears before Steve.
There are some days when Tony desperately wishes he’d grown up wanting to be something other than a surgeon. He could have been anything, done anything. Could have been a lawyer or the CEO of a multinational company or an engineer…Man, he would have made a great engineer. He’d have been the best damn engineer in the world; built fighter jets and flying cars and invented a sustainable, pollution-free energy source that saved the whole fucking world.
Steve shifts his grip slightly, one hand slipping around the curve of Tony’s ass, and now Tony is grinding against Steve in uneven, frantic movements while Steve’s other hand goes to work on finishing the job of getting Tony’s pants open. Steve can feel Tony’s own erection straining against the fabric of his slacks, and when he gets his own hand around it, giving it a sharp tug, the breath punches out of Tony and the hand he has on Steve stutters in its rhythm.
She looks at him, expression cryptic, and he can’t seem to read her at all before she comes to a decision. “Very well, but remember, time is a tricky thing. I hope your goal is as straightforward as you think it is. Sometimes things are meant to happen the way they do.”
“Sure do. Bruce and I talked about it. Piece of cake.” He waves a hand dismissively, but Steve still looks unconvinced.
“But how are we…”
Steve doesn’t second guess himself as his hands, still on Tony’s hips, slip further around his back, and skirt down the swell of Tony’s ass and lift, pushing him back into the wall. The faint sound of surprise Tony makes into Steve’s mouth turns to a moan and when Tony wraps his legs around Steve, his answering groan reverberates back into Tony’s.
“Oh, here,” Steve says, pushing Mjölnir towards her. “I’m pretty sure this belongs to your Thor. I mean, they’re all
“How many people have I dated in the time that you’ve known me?” Steve asks, and Tony can only blink in response.
Steve has his eyes open, watching, waiting for Tony to make the first move. They’re sharing air now and Tony knows that if he were to shift an inch, or open his mouth to speak, their lips would touch.
“James,” he coughs, “but my friends call me Rhodey.”
Tony is considering the pros and cons of waking Steve when he feels the other man moving against his back, the arm around him tightening slightly.
“Steve, I don’t think you should,” Tony says, but Steve brushes him off, because he won’t let Tony do this alone. Maybe together they can find another way.
“Tony, you know that’s not—”
The truth, of course, is infinitely more complicated. Somewhere along the way, probably on some occasion when he and Steve had been wrapped around each other, when he'd been pressed up against Steve's warm skin and miles of muscles that had no place on a surgeon, a small part of Tony had started hoping that maybe this could be more than just a tumble with a co-worker in an on-call room.
A desire that Tony resents with the next words out of Steve’s mouth: “You’re hurt, Tony, we can’t do this now.” His voice is faintly reprimanding, even as Tony leans up to latch his lips onto the pulse point below his jaw. He listens to Steve’s breathing stutter and relishes the victory. It’s a short-lived one when Steve refuses to resettle his weight.
“Then what’s the problem?” Bruce asks, attention shifting from the screen to Tony.
“That woman is terrifying,” Tony announces into the sudden emptiness.
Tony stands frozen, his body shaking with rage and a roaring in his ears. Then, for a moment, one shining moment, he wonders if he could do it: just walk out the door and never have to deal with Fury and his thoughtless manipulations, or look at his stupid fucking eyepatch ever again.
The last, lingering effects of his tunnel vision dissipate. He pushes away the rising uncertainty and doubt, and looks up into Steve’s blue eyes, plastering a fake smile on his face.
On Asgard, he marvels at the towering golden palace, feels a pang at the realisation that all this beauty and grandeur no longer exists in his time, and (apologetically) injects the aether into an unsuspecting Jane Foster in her sleep.
With his cover blown—as if there was any doubt it would be—Steve stops fighting. Stops trying to pretend that he isn’t desperate to be in Tony Stark’s orbit.
“Keep telling yourself that,” he says, throwing himself into the seat opposite Fury’s. “But in the interest of letting you maintain your delusion, I’ll be brief. Not like I want to spend any more time in your glowing presence anyway.”
Tony tries to formulate some kind of response but there’s nothing to properly describe how
Falling at Tony’s side when it was already too late. “Tony, please,
And Steve, he knows that voice, has heard it repeated over and over in his head as the years have gone by, taunting, “
Since the serum, Steve rarely finds himself out of breath, his endurance often feels endless, but right now there isn’t enough oxygen in the room as he fights to get his breathing under control.
“Does that mean we won?”
At first he wonders if, with Tony and Nat…gone, anyone would really care enough to bother trying to hold them together. But Danvers offers to stick around a while, and she and Sam have developed a rapport and are managing the team—for anyone who’s interested in being part of it, anyway. They’d both approached him, assuming he’d be staying on, leading, but Steve feels unmoored in a way he hasn’t since before he ate shawarma with a group of virtual strangers and thought maybe,
His father’s lucid days are few and far between, now.
It was only later, after a lot of shouting and confused questions that Tony found out Clint was the new head of paeds and that he came highly recommended. Sure, he’s snarky and a bit eccentric, but Tony hardly has a corner on the market of “normal”.
Steve throws his elbow and hears the faint hiss of air leaving Thor’s chest but the pressure doesn’t abate.
“Wait, just hear me out,” Steve says, arms outstretched, trying to make himself as non-threatening as possible. He watches, surprised, as the other Steve relaxes his stance. “I’m not Loki, I swear.”
“I don’t do this. This talking about your feelings stuff, I’m no good at it.”
“Okay…” Steve says.
“How…how was he? When you saw him?” She asks, voice unsteady enough to make him nervous. He thinks about the visit, about Howard’s behaviour.
stay with me.”
“I came to warn Tony about something,” Steve says, carefully avoiding the question and rising to his feet, reaching a hand out to pull Tony up. If Steve holds Tony’s hand for longer than strictly necessary, no one says anything.
“Right, so Bucky got hurt and suddenly, the work that doctors and nurses did, it mattered so much more. I mean, I know it’s selfish, but everything they’d done up till that point, even what they’d done for me, with all my weaknesses and illnesses, it didn’t matter. They were helping Bucky and
“Uh…yes, sir?” Parker stammers.
Back in the tower, Steve waits for his younger self to wake from his scepter-induced slumber.
“Don’t you people have patients to treat?” He asks, dropping down into the seat opposite Thor and stealing a chip off Barton’s plate. They stare back at him with similar expressions, that all seem to say
“It’s my home, you know. In a way my parents’ house wasn’t, boarding school definitely wasn’t, and college…” he huffs a sigh, aware that he’s rambling but unable to make his thoughts more coherent. “I grew up here, you know. Following my dad around, running up and down the halls, falling asleep in employee lounges,” Steve raises an eyebrow and Tony chuckles, conceding. “Okay, I guess I’m still doing that…”
He hates Steve for always doing this to him, for chipping away at his walls until he wants nothing more than to bury his head in the warm juncture between Steve’s shoulder and neck and pretend the world doesn’t exist.
The patient is a teenage boy—Tony guesses about 16—with sweat matting his black hair to his forehead and a piece of rebar jammed through his abdomen and, evidence suggests, his spine.
“No, no, no,” Tony steamrolls right over anything Steve might be about to say. He needs to get this out or he might never try again. “It’s my turn, you can talk later,” he says, waving a hand dismissively.
“If you laugh at me now, Steve Rogers, I’m climbing off you and going to go confess my love to somebody else.” Tony warns as Steve’s lips, still red and far too inviting, quirk into a smile.
“Perhaps you will soon have to make some choices of your own,” she says cryptically. “You look tired,” and there’s a hand coming to rest on his cheek.
“Steve?” Tony ask, just quiet enough that if Steve is, in fact, still asleep, then it’s unlikely to disturb him.
“So do I,” Steve whispers, earning a quizzical look from the other man. “What if I told you I could send you back to 1945? You can pick up your life where you left off, no consequences.”
,” Tony’s never heard the word uttered so scathingly before—if it hadn’t been directed at him, he’d be impressed—but Fury never raises his voice and fuck if that doesn’t just piss Tony off more, “I am the Chief of Surgery and I don’t care what you
Afterwards, Tony can only recall disjointed fragments of the events in the OR. The uncharacteristic tremor in his hand as he made the first cut; securing and deflating the first cyst; his unrelenting grip on the forceps; watching the fourth scolex die in the petri dish;
“You should respect your friends’ choice,” Schmidt says, with what is definitely an undue amount of glee, like he knows exactly what he’s doing.
“You always know what I need, Brucie-pie,” Tony says, clapping him on the shoulder and settling in front of the computer.
Rounding the corner, Steve hears “back in the game!” and promptly walks into an office chair. He flinches, and Tony turns to him, eyes widening.
“Hey Rogers, what are you doing, taking a nap?”
“Tony,” Steve says, but Tony slams the locker door shut a bit too loudly, drowning out the sound.
“Sometimes I wonder where the line is, you know? What makes us any better than murderers?” His fingers tighten in the cloth and feels Steve’s grip mirror his. Tony wonders if he were to let go, stop holding himself up, whether Steve would catch him.
Three years later, and Steve and Tony have traded in wanting to stab each other with scalpels (Tony can’t say he never considered it) to simply wanting each other, falling into this weird on-again-off-again relationship pattern that Tony’s best friend (and occasional psychiatrist) Pepper thinks is a direct result of Tony’s inner self-loathing and commitment issues and Tony maintains is because neither he nor Steve are looking for anything serious.
of pretending that I’m not. So I’m not going to be selfless about this, because that’s not who I am.”
“What do you know, maybe you aren’t perfect after all,” Tony says, part joking, part wondering, and Steve knows that if his younger self had been standing in his place, Steve would’ve responded harshly, not yet sure how to deal with all of his
, Dr Stark.”
The yawn, when it comes, is completely unbidden.
“Tony, that’s fine, I don’t—”
“What is it, Steve? Come on, talk to me. Is this about Pepper? Because we’re not—” Steve exhales a breath that sounds like a scoff, because he saw Tony when he was at home by the lake, saw Pepper crying over his dying, broken body.
“You coming, big guy?” He asks and Thor stands to join him.
The man in question puts a restraining hand on Steve’s shoulder.
By the time he became head of Neurosurgery at Shield—the youngest department head ever—it was already too late. Howard didn’t even know who he was anymore. So this is what he does now: comes by once a week to stare into his father’s unrecognising eyes and wonder how long he’ll be able to endure this before he can’t anymore. Because Howard had left him with one more responsibility, as though he’d had any right to ask Tony for anything. But, of course, he hadn’t asked, that’d never been his style. On one of his rare lucid days he’d grabbed Tony’s arm, his grip surprisingly strong and his dark eyes—the same ones Tony sees in the mirror every day—frantic, “you can’t—you
“Thanos is coming. From 2014. We were betrayed, the Nebula that returns from Morag is not the one who left with Rhodey, Nat—” Here his breath hitches again. “Nat won’t make it back,” he told Tony the same thing only moments ago but he can’t stop the air catching in his lungs, and watches his past self recoil as if hit. “There’s a battle. Tony—”
He only manages to wait five minutes—Tony suspects it must be a personal best—before he cuts a sideways glance at Tony, “so, who are we waiting for?”
TONY.
He’s up and pacing the room now and he doesn’t even know how he got there.
“Alright, Doctor,” Phil sits up straighter and interlocks his fingers, “what’s your plan?”
“Well?” She prompts.
“Come on, Capsicle. If it’s shawarma you want, it’s shawarma you’ll get.”
Arms wrapping around him like vibranium bands as he leapt forward. Tony
“I know…or I think I do?” He rubs his eyes. “Everything is so muddled.”
“Well, the other place I spent a lot of time, was in hospitals,” as he speaks, Steve moves the hand not cradling Tony’s to Tony’s side, drawing him away from the wall and back towards the bed. “I don’t know if you know, but my mom was a nurse, so on days when I was too sick to stay home alone, she’d take me to work with her. I’d sit in the nurse’s lounge and watch as nurses and doctors went about their work.”
“Not that I’d know why anyone would want to get into a relationship with me—beyond the obvious.” He gestures up and down to his body, a smirk plastered on his face. It slips off quickly. “But even if they did, my bucketload of issues would probably chase them away pretty fast,” he says, and he isn’t being self-deprecating, just honest.
“I can’t believe we just rubbed each other off against a wall like a couple of teenagers hiding from their parents,” and suddenly Tony is laughing, his body languid and loose as it shakes against Steve’s. “Oh God, we were hiding from
“Let’s get this outta you,” he says, as the general anaesthetic takes effect. Watching the kid’s eyes close, he vows that he’s going to be there when they open again.
Never in a million years will he admit this to the man, but Fury was right, too. He’s never backed down from a challenge. And like it or not, he’s this guy’s best bet.
Thor, let me go.”
He’s dimly aware of his hands clenching and unclenching, high on Tony’s thighs, where they’re still holding him aloft.
, and Steve wishes he’d never been so stupid, because now he has the memory of Tony’s mouth against his, and he doesn’t know how he’ll go on knowing this is it, this was his one shot and he ruined it.
Thor, but, I mean, the one from this time,” Steve says, suddenly unsure if she can even take it from him or if he should put it down. While the years have made him much more comfortable speaking to women, now he feels tongue-tied and wrong-footed, something about Thor’s mother’s gaze piercing straight through to the heart of him.
,” Steve soothes, turning Tony’s hand over to examine it for serious injury.
“You gonna stand there all day, Stark, or you gonna help make sure this kid can walk?” Natasha barks, tendrils of red hair escaping her scrub cap, which appears to be covered in—spiders? That’s it. Tony is officially giving up on trying to understand the woman.
Not that he and his father have ever been close. Tony’s finally reached a point where he can admit that Howard’s eternal disappointment in him had been the driving force behind the success of his own career, always pushing him to try harder, desperate for a little speck of his father’s approval. He’d never got it, only a clap on the shoulder when he got into Harvard Med at 16 and a handshake when he graduated. He’d lived his life in his father’s shadow, gone into medicine because it’s what his father, what everyone, expected of him.
what you want. This is an
“Steve,” Bruce asks, “you feeling all right?”
On Morag, he steps past the unconscious body of Peter Quill to leave the power stone, and feels something prickle across the back of his neck but there’s nothing there.
He stops by the attending’s lounge on the way to his patient’s room and finds Thor, Clint and Natasha sitting at the table and snacking.
“Well, my friend—” Thor begins.
After Steve looks over his shoulder a few more times – in confusion, fear, indecision – he realises he’s looking for a reaction from somebody who isn’t there.
He does none of those.
“You didn’t think it was odd that I never talked about or introduced you guys to anyone else? In all the years we’ve known each other?” Steve shrugs, fixing his look somewhere over Tony’s shoulder.
“So, bird brain,” Tony kicks Clint’s leg under the table and Clint scowls at him from beneath his bird-patterned scrub cap, “what’s the latest in the world of the tiny humans?”
“I really should keep going,” but he’s sensing his odds of escape dwindling in the face of a woman who he imagines tends to get what she wants.
“That’s good. Wow, time travel, huh? Every time I think things can’t get any weirder…” There’s a wry twist to his mouth. “When did you come from? If you can tell me, that is.”
“Steve,” Tony says, nudging Steve’s considerable form aside and stepping towards Fury. Tony may be having a shit day but that doesn’t mean he needs anyone to fight his battles for him. Steve moves aside without argument, but Tony can see him in his peripheral vision, watching them closely. “It was my fault, Fury,” Tony offers and Steve makes an unhappy sound in his throat. Tony shoots him a look, both eyebrows raised, that he hopes says ‘will you let me finish?’
“Asystole!”
“I just got home from visiting your father,” she continues, “the nurse said you were by earlier…”
“Patient Phil Coulson, 49, admitted for a serious case of neurocysticercosis,” Tony tilts his head toward where the patient’s sister, Maria, still stands. “Er…parasites in the brain,” Peter explains, glancing towards her, sheepish. “MRI shows eight cysts in total, almost all of which are blocking the third ventricle, patient has already suffered one seizure and diagnosis indicates that without immediate surgery, the frequency of the seizures could increase and lead to elevated ICP, which could lead to a coma and...” One look at the horrified expression on Maria’s face is enough to halt the words in Peter’s throat.
Shit. How did Steve not realise that this is where Tony ran into his father? He watches the surprise steal over Tony’s face as he recognises the voice calling out, and Steve knows who it is that Howard’s looking for, and he feels a frisson of anger rattle through him. So this is it, Operation Paperclip.
Just one more thing to do.
“How many times do I have to repeat myself, Fury? I’m sick of saying this, and I’m sure you’re sick of hearing it.” He faces down the Chief’s infamous one-eyed glare and wonders if today will be the day he finally causes the pulsing vein in the other man’s forehead to burst. “I don’t know if this is because you lost your hearing along with your depth perception, but this is the last time I’m saying this so you better listen: if you want that patient operated on today you’re going to have to find yourself another surgeon because I’m not doing it!”
“Well, I’ve got some news for you,
all the time,” Tony says, waggling his eyebrows for unnecessary emphasis. Clint rolls his eyes.
Tony Stark sits in the high-backed visitor’s chair with its tacky floral upholstery, one of his legs thrown over the other and foot bouncing up and down. He drums his fingers against his knee and searches for something to say.
He feels Nat’s loss like a missing limb. She’d been there, a steadfast presence through the worst and best of it from the first time he set foot on the helicarrier, his loneliness tearing through his insides with teeth. She’d staunched the bleeding, tended the wounds, rebandaged them when the thing with teeth reawakened and gnawed at him again. He wishes he’d told her how important she was, how she kept him sane, kept him whole, that she was his family too.
“You know me and Fury,” Tony says. “He loves giving orders, I love throwing them in his face.”
The only response he receives is a puff of air against the back of his neck but that’s really all he needs. He twists himself around so that he’s facing Steve and only after he’s executed the rather difficult manoeuvre does he realise the problem with having only inches between their faces. Steve’s eyes blink open sleepily and Tony wonders if maybe he should just leave it till the morning. It’s the little smile that creeps onto his face that makes Tony’s mind up for him.
“Okay.”
Tony’s absence feels like a hole has been carved into the world, and Steve is fighting to keep from sliding into the abyss he’s left behind.
He leaves the OR feeling an odd sense of clarity.
Clint’s look takes on a speculative note, his eyes narrowed as he searches Tony’s expression for something. “Unless that’s what you’re doing sitting on the floor and watching the clock while Steve's in surgery…”
Steve’s feelings for Tony have always been a complicated snarl of emotions that, when unwound, lead to something elusive that slips out of his grasp as he reaches for it.
“I guess I can spare you a few minutes,” Tony says, moving away from the centre of the busy hallway and resting his back against the wall.
“Returning what I took,” Steve bends down to flick open the stone case. He gestures at the orange mind stone, the last one left. “This is the stone that was inside the scepter.”
There’s no fear or worry in Schmidt’s face, only something assessing as he looks at Steve, something that sees far too much. His eyes drift, covetous, towards the case that Steve dropped in his haste.
in Siberia. “Oh, God, Tony, I’m so sorry,” he manages to stutter out when he feels hands grasping at his uniform.
And it shatters.
“You know?”
“Yep, definitely,” he says, giving her a bright smile. “Now, you, Parker, get over here!” He demands, and the intern hurries over to his side.
because he’s holding on to Tony and Tony is holding him back and he’s so alive. Steve is on the verge of something that might be a breakdown, but there’s no way he could ever explain that to Tony if he starts sobbing all over him, but there’s something else that’s building inside his chest, something terrifying, and Steve doesn’t know if he’s going to be able to hold it back as his body shakes in Tony’s arms.
“Steve, you’re scaring me, I need you to ease up for a minute,” Tony’s voice has a slight hitch in it and that more than anything has Steve dropping his arms and scooting backwards because the thought that he’s hurt Tony again is enough to bring him right back into the moment.
“It could have been anyone, Tony!” he snaps, and watches Tony rear back as if hit. “Almost every other member of the team had—
“Yeah,” Tony says, his voice almost a croak. “Yeah, I’m okay.”
And that might actually be worse, because that means that Steve hadn’t needed to keep his distance or fight the feeling that had come bubbling up his chest when Tony turned up with a solution to all their problems and Steve’s shield stashed in the trunk of his car after everything Steve had done to prove he didn’t deserve it.
“If that were true, you wouldn’t be holding that right now,” she says, tilting her head towards the hammer still held in Steve’s hand, his knuckles white with the force of his grip.
“Are you sure?”
“Shh,” Tony whispers, his forehead soft against the side of Steve’s face, and breath ghosting against his ear. “It’s going to be fine, just breathe, a few deep breaths,” Tony says, and while Steve comes back into an awareness of his body, and the sound of Howard’s receding footsteps, the awareness also brings with it a renewed sense of every part of Tony’s body that is currently pushed against his, from knees to chests. The pulse that tingles through him this time is definitely not anger or fear or adrenaline, but something much bigger, so big it feels ready to claw its way out of his chest and swallow the world whole.
It serves as a harsh reminder of Tony’s lack of impact on his father’s life.
But the memories aren’t real, only imagined ones that his brain had conjured after the fact, to torture him with his failure. The truth is that Steve had kept his distance, watching Pepper and Rhodey and Peter cry over Tony while Steve stood frozen, because no matter how Steve (now realises he) felt, Tony was never his to keep and he could never be enough to hold him in the world.
The first time Steve looks over his shoulder for no discernible reason is when the battle is won and the dust of Thanos’ army has settled. Somebody, and Steve isn’t even sure who, asks, “Now what?” and Steve looks over his shoulder. His search gives way to confusion because there isn’t anybody there, but he soldiers on. “We rebuild,” he answers.
If Nat’s loss is like a missing limb, Tony’s loss is something he can feel right down in his blood, something essential that’s been torn from his body. The thing with teeth has woken and ripped through everything in its path, leaving a gaping chasm in Steve’s chest.
“I’m not an invalid,” Tony complains, even as he lets Steve pull him to his feet.
“I wonder, Steven, could you have made the same choice?”
“Yep, was an easy fix, I installed a pacemaker so now she’s good to go. Yet another kid saved by my brilliance,” Clint says, eyes still fixed on Tony.
The strangled little
“No catch. You just have to leave now without talking to anybody. No goodbyes or explanations.”
Steve is aware of his counterpart’s eyes on him, watching what Tony’s death will do to him in such a short time; conscious of Tony, watching him tear pieces of himself away to leave them lying in a heap, leaving him nothing more than a mess of bones and nerves that have been scraped raw.
Mechanic’s hands, covered in callouses and scars, work roughly against the length of Steve’s cock and Steve doesn’t have a lot of experience with this sort of thing, but Tony is so confident in his body, in Steve’s reaction to what he’s doing. He’s watching Steve with the kind of certainty that
Needless to say, they don’t talk much.
“Don’t think there’s such thing, Tony,” Steve says, crowding Tony even closer against the wall, pushing his thigh between his legs to brace him there while Steve’s hands grow bolder, undoing Tony’s slacks and slipping beneath the waistband over the warm skin of his ass. In response, Tony’s hips thrust forward, grinding against Steve’s thigh with a groan. Steve can’t help himself, and leans back in to kiss Tony hungrily, aware of an insistent tug against his waistband, fingers undoing the button and pulling down the fly to—“Shit,” he gasps into Tony’s mouth as a hand,
“Someone get me some gloves and a surgical mask,” he demands. Only then does Natasha notice the cast that reaches half way up his forearm.
Steve reaches with an arm and Mjölnir is flying towards him because he has to get away from Thor, he has to get to Tony, but Thor snatches it out of the air, dropping it to his side.
The problem with Steve is that Tony has never quite been able to work out where he stands with him. The two had met when Steve had transferred to Shield from an obscure, little hospital in the middle of Bumfuck, Nowhere. The rumours had started up shortly beforehand; about Dr Erskine’s golden boy, the unknown kid who’d taken his hospital’s teaching programme by storm, shooting through his internship and residency with flying colours before he enlisted and went off to treat soldiers in a war zone. Almost the second he got back he returned to his previous employers who immediately offered him the job of attending cardio surgeon and fuck but that never happens. A few years of establishing himself as a veritable cardio god and picking up every award in the medical community followed, before he made the move to New York and Shield where he spent months clashing with the local head of Neuro.
Refusing to rise to the bait, Steve stalks over and opens the case to reveal the four remaining stones, glinting in the darkness. He fights to regain control of the tenuous grip he has on his emotions.
“Wow, try to rein in the amount of info you’re heaping on us there. I don’t know if our little brains can handle it,” Clint says, eyebrow quirked.
Even after the disaster of the Accords, when he and Tony hadn’t been on speaking terms, Steve had somehow reassured himself with the knowledge that Tony was only a phone call away; whether Tony would have spoken to him or not seemed so much less important than the knowledge that he was still out there, breathing, whole.
Steve wakes with a strangled gasp, his heart hammering in his ears. Even awake, with the sounds of the battlefield and the taste of blood in his mouth fading, Steve can feel the earth beneath his knees and the solidity of Iron Man beneath his hands.
Tony wants to interject with names of people Steve’s dated over the years, but all he can ask is, “what about Peggy?” Thinking about the gorgeous brunette who Steve met during his tour and convinced Fury to hire as the head of trauma. His throat feels suddenly dry.
“He doesn’t want anyone to know…which now you do, I guess…”
Steve’s eyebrows rise towards his hairline, but he keeps quiet.
Steeling his resolve, he ducks forward to press a soft kiss to Steve’s lips (resolutely not thinking about how what he’s about to say could make this the last one), before forcing himself to sit up and climb to his feet. There’s no way he can say what he has to say with Steve
Once he’s set Parker a task that he’s rather sure the intern is capable of, he turns to the patient, keeping himself on the kid’s right side while Natasha stays on his left and the rest of the team flit around like worker bees in the hive. He stays out of their way as best as he can; aware he’s not capable of physically practicing medicine right now.
“Oka—” He hangs up the phone.
“I’m not the Steve you arrived with,” he says, and he tells Tony everything.
. Not
. What is even the point of all this, if I just keep failing the people I—”
he could one day find a place here.
Steve reaches forward, his hands cupping Tony’s elbows in silent support. Tony refuses to look at his face.
“Welcome, Steven, son of Sarah, have you come to torment me in my solitude?”
they’ve both been. How could they have wasted so much time thinking the same thing about each other?
There are a number of ways Tony wants to respond—wants to tell Steve that it isn’t any of his business, wants to be thankful that he’s looking out for Tony, wants to be mad that Steve doesn’t have any faith in his abilities.
“I know,” Steve replies easily. “Maybe I just like taking care of you.”
“What will you do now?” Tony asks, eyes flicking back to the case of stones Steve still has to deliver, but Steve doesn’t think that’s what Tony’s really asking.
Steve has already moved forward to encroach on Tony’s space and he knows that if he lets Steve in too close, he’ll pull Tony’s secrets from him. He keeps his hands up in a half-hearted attempt to ward off that inevitability and they press up against Steve’s chest, the t-shirt under his hands warm. He watches with an odd sense of detachment as his fingers bunch in the fabric.
“I’d say that sounds too good to be true. What’s the catch?”
“Hi, sweetie,” his mother greets him, her voice soft and brittle, made that way over years of being talked over in conversations, of giving way to the two dominant personalities in her home. Even on the phone she remains as unobtrusive as possible, always defers to the other side of the conversation. Tony hates it.
“Let’s get back and kick Thanos’ ass, and then we’re doing that properly, in a bed,” Tony says, tongue playing over the skin he’s just worried.
The decision is an easy one to make because Steve has felt adrift since the battle, the links in the chain anchoring him stretched thin, cracking. He thinks that maybe this will give him a goal, something he can accomplish, instead of standing back, powerless, while...Steve exhales a deep breath, “I’m sure.”
They’re half way to radiology when Fury catches up with them. His expression is thunderous as he moves to block their path, everyone else in the corridor giving them a wide berth as they pass. Tony wonders if they shouldn’t have taken the alternate route.
The snap of Tony’s fingers.
Their moment of silent camaraderie is only broken when Clint’s pager goes off and he straightens to take a look at it. “That’s my cue,” he grins, jumping to his feet, a great deal more agile than Tony could ever be. “Don’t worry so much, Tony. He might surprise you.” With a squeeze of his shoulder, Clint is gone, whistling as he saunters down the corridor.
“What? I don’t like to waste food.” Tony raises an eyebrow, unconvinced.
“Have you always been this nosy?” Tony gripes, considering drawing his knees up when yet another person complains about having to dodge his roadblock. He decides against it.
When he sticks his head into Fury’s office he’s surprised to find the chief there—surely he should be off terrorising some poor unsuspecting intern somewhere in the hospital…or just at home. He tells Fury as much and receives an unimpressed scowl for his troubles.
“No? You just told me that you can’t do it…Or was that a lie?”
With the change of angle, Steve’s aware of the insistent press of Tony’s cock where it’s trapped between their bodies, and before he’s caught his breath, Tony’s hands are deftly pulling Steve’s shirt out from where it’s tucked into his pants, undoing a few buttons, only to be met with the white undershirt Steve has on. “God, why are you wearing so many layers?” Tony asks, pushing until his hands are splayed across Steve’s abs, which twitch at the sudden shock. All Steve wants is to push all of Tony’s clothes out of the way, get his hands on as much skin as he can, but there simply isn’t the time.
A furrow appears in her brow, “And you feel it was your fault?”
“You must be one of Thor’s friends,” she says, and oh, Steve realises,
“Yeah, I dropped by to see how Howard was doing. No big deal,” Tony shrugs, the movement automatic although she can't see it.
The moment is broken by Steve. Steve, with his gentle hands and soft words and his tendency to take on everyone else’s problems as though his own aren’t heavy enough; those strong shoulders of his braced against the world.
“Well, I’m afraid to break it to you, but you might need some new friends, uh…?” Tony trails off, keeping an eye on what’s happening in his peripheral vision.
Of course, it was a long shot and he wasn’t expecting it’d be that easy, but he’s still taken aback by how much it hurts to hear.
“Hey, Steve, no, it’s okay,” Tony says, holding Steve in place, his movement arrested with Tony still close and soft and warm in front of him. “You just surprised me, is all, look it’s fine,” Tony says, and Steve can’t believe it when he tugs Steve forward again, wrapping his arms around him. “I was just kidding about you not trusting me to get this done,” he says, and there’s still a question there, “I mean, no big deal, right?”
) still running on a loop behind his eyelids. He looks at his hands, breathing a shaky sigh of relief when he finds them clean. Only then does he realise that there’s a body pressed snugly up against him, a heart beating against his back and an arm flung over his side. Warm puffs of air ruffle his hair and he lets himself enjoy the sensation for all of two seconds before he remembers why this might be a problem.
“We’ve already changed this timeline, haven’t we?” Steve asks, a bit desperately. “Loki got away with the tesseract, things have already changed.” Then more resolute, “I’m not asking your permission. I’m not here to make anything worse, I’m here to help, so this timeline doesn’t go through what mine did.”
His younger self looks sceptical, but after a quick outfit swap, Steve fixes the band on his wrist and puts in the date.
It seems, for now, everything’s returned to normal.
, Steve wants to say but holds back. “You should rest, I’ll show you a chamber you can stay in,” she says, turning away and expecting him to follow.
“Shit happens,” Tony shrugs. Hoping to change the direction of the conversation, he gestures around the room. “You got some MRI results for me?”
“Arnim?”
,” and his mirth catches Steve, dragging him along in its wake as he chuckles helplessly.
He opens his eyes—when did he close them? —to find his face pressed against Steve’s shoulder, and Steve’s other hand running up and down his back. “What the hell did you do?” he asks, feeling slight spasms of pain still running through his hand.
This kiss is nothing like the last.
The paediatrician obviously sees right through Tony’s attempt at subterfuge but goes along with it anyway, “I’ve got this patient, 15-year-old girl, came in today, keeps having seizures. Apparently had one right in the middle of a performance—she plays trumpet in her school’s marching band” he clarifies at their questioning looks. “Trying to diagnose her now so if you have any ideas off the top of your head…”
“It does.”
Tony makes a noncommittal sound, turning back to the board on the opposite wall, not really surprised. The floor beneath him is hard and cold and Tony would die before admitting this out loud, but he might be getting too old for this shit.
Instead, he lets Steve have his moment before he interrupts. “Okay, I’m glad that you find my emotional distress so amusing, but—”
“You’re lucky to be doing your internship at his hospital, he’s a great surgeon. There’s a lot you can learn from him,” Howard says, still oddly enthusiastic. Tony doesn’t know how to tell him that he isn’t doing his internship anymore and that there’s really nothing left for him to learn from Nick Fury.
Steve walks over and Tony carefully avoids looking at him.
Tony finds himself caught momentarily off balance, and though he knows that it’s a deliberate manoeuvre on Fury’s part, feels his hackles rise.
It was only a year after Tony had started working at Shield and he’d gone into a young cardiac patient’s room to find a man in there already. Young and blonde, wearing a ridiculous mask with a quiver of arrows strapped to his back and a bow clutched in his hand, he was regaling the little boy with tales of his work as government spy, and the kid was enraptured, eyes wide as Clint bounced around the room.
“Did you figure out what was wrong with your patient?” Tony asks, tipping his head so he see Clint’s face more clearly. He’s dressed in dark purple scrubs and Tony ponders what kind of self-respecting surgeon would wear such an atrocity.
The best part is that Tony is confident he’ll walk again.
Casually strolling across the base, he slips into the elevator and heads for the lab.
Probably.
The smile on Steve’s face is indulgent, as though he’s humouring a petulant child and Tony would feel insulted if he didn’t know it was just Steve making fun of him. And that he was going to get him back for it later.
Maybe he can do it.
“Well, you won’t believe it, but Steve was right,” Clint says, catching Tony’s eye, his eyebrows raised.
“I’m…” he weighs the word in his mouth, “reconsidering.” He turns back to Parker: “Dr Parker, present.”
“It’s Phil. I uh—he’s—” he trips over the words, his tongue suddenly feeling heavy and inarticulate in his mouth. “You were right.”
He doesn’t try again until Tony is out in the hall, his path diverging from Clint and Thor’s, leaving him alone again.
He considers Tony for about 20 seconds during which Tony has to fight to keep himself from either making an offhand remark about how ridiculous that suggestion is (something that will surely give him away), or simply getting up and making a hasty retreat down the hall. Tony does neither of those things and Clint seems to find what he’s looking for.
Tony feels like he’s standing on relatively solid ground as he waits for Steve’s response. Sure, there’s a part of him that’s holding its breath, just waiting for Steve to turn away, but that’s neither here nor there. Most of him is confident. Fine, at least 67% of him is confident. Then Steve does something that sweeps Tony’s footing out from underneath him; he laughs. Tony feels it rumble through Steve’s body, and if Tony couldn’t see the delight in Steve’s expression he’d start worrying that maybe Steve was laughing
The weight that Steve has been straining to bear suddenly feels insurmountable. He hangs his head.
Shit, if anyone could pull this off, it’d be him. He wasn’t exaggerating when he told Fury that he was the best. It was simple statement of fact. Most of the neurosurgeons he knows wouldn’t even go near a case like this. With good reason too.
Pain sparks throughout Tony’s hand, the ache shooting through the limb to leave his whole arm tingling. He needs a distraction. “Why’d you change your mind?” he croaks.
“I’m—Tony, I—” He can’t seem to get the words out, his body yearning for it to end, for more of it, for anything Tony will give him.
“Arnim, you in there?”
“What do you think, Cap?” Tony breathes, eyes mischievous and voice gravelly in a way that shoots straight to Steve’s cock. “Gonna get your revenge and tell me these pants aren’t doing anything for my ass?” He chuckles, Steve’s answer already a foregone conclusion, but it gives Steve a second to catch his breath.
a better shot of survival, why does it have to be you? Why does it always have to be you? I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry you’ve felt the need to lie down on the goddamn wire every time since the moment we first met, I was wrong, just don’t do this again.”
Tony chuckles, head dipping in a bow, and Steve forces himself to step away, to separate himself from Tony’s gravitational pull. His mostly-silent double watches them with an awareness that this moment isn’t for him.
The moment passes, but the ease between them hasn’t yet shifted into what Steve is sure is going to be regret and accusation. For now, he can feel the warm press of Tony’s open mouth on this skin of his neck, and the sharp nip of his teeth on the skin there, and he doesn’t want to shatter this. He wants to hold onto it and never let go.
And Tony’s fine with that. Really. He isn’t cut out for a serious relationship anyway.
The sky overhead is a blend of purples and blues, trapped in perpetual dusk. Not a single structure – man-made or otherwise, stands in obstruction to the vast, barren landscape. It’s almost peaceful in its tranquility.
through Steve, and he didn’t think he could get any harder than he already was, but he can feel his cock swelling in Tony’s hand.
, he thinks bitterly and not for the first time,
, though left unsaid, they all heard Steve’s accusation.
“Maybe if you calmly explain to Fury that you can’t do it—”
The day finally comes and he meets Bruce, Sam and Bucky by the lake, near the spot where they grieved for Natasha, and it feels right that this is where he’ll say goodbye.
A muscle twitches in Steve’s jaw. “You know what I’m talking about. The surgery. Are you sure it’s a good idea?”
The compound is being rebuilt. “Tony would’ve wanted you to have your home back,” Pepper tells him as she signs off on the construction, her hand shaking with the faintest tremor when she says his name.
“Come on, my hand’s fine,” he lifts it up into their eyesight and has a split second to consider the intelligence of his decision before he’s stretching his fingers to straighten it out.
The endless seconds that follow as Thanos’ army turns to dust.
The others are about to clear the room and the last thing Tony needs is to give Steve the opportunity to get all judgemental about his approach to the surgery. He looks at the clock over the door, desperate for an escape. “Hey, wait up, you two,” he says, dropping his legs back to the floor and heading to his locker for his scrub cap. He picks his favourite, the one covered in little robots that Pepper once bought him as a joke after he told her about how he almost went to MIT to study engineering. It’s become a sort of good luck charm and to be honest, he could really use some extra luck today.
He leaves Steve standing alone in the corridor.
He takes a breath, fortifying himself against the storm that’s brewing, hands balling into fists.
As he slips out of the room, he comes face to face with an elegant blonde woman with kind eyes and a regal bearing. Steve braces for the possibility that he may have to make a run for it, but—
Bruce wrinkles his nose slightly at the nickname but refrains from commenting. It’s hardly the weirdest thing Tony’s called him over the years.
, wraps around his cock.
A pained groan sounds from somewhere near Steve’s feet and he looks down to find the younger man waking. His eyes widen when he sees Steve, and he rolls away, springing to his feet.
; thinking maybe he’d succeed after all.
“Are you returning the stones?” he asks, stepping further into the room, eyes assessing the way Steve and Tony are positioned, still very close together, on the lab floor, and Steve is thankful that they’d straightened up their appearances as best they could, though neither of them is likely to stand up to much scrutiny. Unfortunately, if the way his past self has zeroed in on their hair is any indication, they’d already failed.
“Can I talk to you for a moment?” Steve asks, and Tony checks his watch, hoping that if he appears short of time, Steve might change his mind.
The cysts sit, heavy and inflated, almost entirely blocking the third ventricle of the patient’s brain
“Hey Stark,” Steve echoes, not even bothering to tamp down on the grin that wants to burst across his face. “Pretty sure I was promised shawarma. You’re not the only one who hasn’t tried it, you know.”
Tony wouldn’t kiss him back, because of their messy history and
“Oh, Steven! Come, join us, we were just speaking of you!” Thor turns a large grin on Steve, beckoning him over and Tony takes it back. There’s nothing about Thor that he likes. Absolutely nothing.
The patient is lying in bed, conversing quietly with his sister, who is seated in the chair by the bed. Phil Coulson is pale against the dark navy bedclothes that are standard on this floor of the hospital. The dark bruises under his eyes and his thinning hair combine to make him appear much older than he is. His hands repeatedly clench and release the blanket covering his legs.
. If I tell you to operate, you’re damn well going to operate.” He straightens, as though only just noticing that he’s let Tony ruffle his feathers again. “And if you don’t like that, then you can get the hell out of my hospital.” He turns then, striding away with his custom-ordered black lab coat fluttering about his legs.
“And with my dad’s Alzheimer’s crap,” and
The room they're in is dark, so Tony doesn’t know how it's possible, but Steve’s eyes look shockingly blue in that moment.
“Well, it’s certainly a start.”
When Steve talks again, Tony can feel the little puffs of air against his skin. “I realised that’s what surgeons do, Tony. They’re not butchers, they’re artists. And even today, I can remember that feeling of helplessness. That was when I decided that I never wanted to be in that position again.” His hand brushes against Tony’s again, light enough to avoid hurting him. “To watch someone I love in pain and not be able to help them.”
“Parker!” Tony barks, startling the intern loitering by the patient’s room. A tall, gangly kid in glasses, Parker’s the best of the hospital’s latest batch of interns and the only one Tony’s decided to take under his wing. Unfortunately for Parker, the kid has all the grace of a baby giraffe learning how to walk. Parker fumbles with the files he’s holding and Tony has to keep from rolling his eyes.
He springs into action then, shouting orders at interns and deftly moving between residents as they go about their duties.
“I see you have the stones. Tell me, was it worth it? Your friend’s sacrifice?”
“Howard—my, er—my dad. He’s sick,” Fury straightens and tips forward towards Tony, who puts his hands up to stall the oncoming questions. “It’s early onset Alzheimer’s. He’s in a care facility,” Tony says, forcing himself to maintain eye contact with Fury. He remembers the first time they met, how he’d opened the conversation with ‘so do I look at the patch or the eye?’ To this day, he’s never quite figured it out.
Tony drums his fingers against his knee for a moment, wondering how to start. “I love this hospital,” he announces, apropos of nothing.
“Dr Rogers,” Fury says, visibly staring down his nose at Steve. “Don’t you have anywhere else you have to be right now?”
Howard Stark’s great secret is out now, hanging in the air between them, and Tony lets out a long breath he didn’t even realise he was holding. “I’m telling you because my mom called earlier and she says he needs to be hospitalised. I don’t even know what’s wrong. I didn’t really ask for details. Sure, I have some pretty serious reservations about him coming here, but I’ll leave that to you…”
“Okay, it’s definitely time for an x-ray,” Steve shifts his weight away before reaching his arm behind Tony to pull him upright into a sitting position.
Some days when he closes his eyes he sees Tony as he was when he returned from Titan, all jagged edges, beaten and broken because Steve had failed him.
Instead, he stands in an operating room day after day, armed with a drill and a scalpel and the thought that he could make a difference.
Steve steps forward to obstruct Fury’s view of Tony. He cuts an imposing figure, back ramrod straight as he glares down his commanding officer (or the closest thing he has to one) all in defence of Tony.
“Tension? I’ll have you know, Steve and I work out our
Having made his decision, Steve could put his plan into motion while his counterpart is still unconscious, but Steve knows he’d want to be given the option, and while he isn’t sure what he’ll do if he doesn’t receive the answer he’s looking for. That’s a bridge he’ll have to cross when he gets to it. It’s about trusting that he knows what the unconscious man wants more than anything else, and trusting his
His legs eat up the space between them and Steve’s hand is wrapped around the Red Skull’s neck.
so he lets it be, and that’s that.
Since then he’s wondered again and again, what if they’d sent another team to Vormir? A team without two people who loved each other, what then? If Nebula and Rhodey had gone, would they have returned empty-handed, or is there a loophole? Another way to get the stone that doesn’t require death. How much do they trust the Red Skull was telling the truth? Occasionally those thoughts take another turn, a quiet voice in the back of his head asking, what if he and Tony had been the ones to go after the soul stone? Steve would have happily given his life, but it wouldn’t have worked, because Tony never loved him. Or would it have worked? It is only about sacrifice? Does love really need to be a factor? Somehow he knows that Tony would’ve fought to be the one to sacrifice himself too, and Steve knows that would’ve worked, but he doesn’t know how he would’ve walked away afterwards.
Tony knows that the odds he’s actually rendered Fury speechless are slim, so he doesn’t have any plans to wait around for the chief to recover his wits and decide to punish Tony regardless.
Steve’s hands remain steady on Tony’s waist, bunched in the fabric of his scrub top, which gets rucked up with every movement. Steve’s hand is impossibly warm (and god, what is he, a furnace?) when it finally touches Tony’s skin, tracing up his side. Tony’s considering the logistics of freezing time and having this moment stretch on forever when Steve takes back some of the control, pressing him back into the bed and draping part of his weight over Tony’s slighter form. The shift of their bodies is enough to jostle Tony’s injured hand and his groan of pain is muffled against Steve’s mouth. Of course, Steve hears it anyway and pulls back.
“I don’t think it’s that simple.”
On others he sees Tony as he was on the battlefield, watches his body crumble away into dust and scatter in the wind.
This time Tony does roll his eyes.
When he sees the state Tony’s in, the lingering fatigue clears from his expression and Steve sits up, looking concerned. Tony spends a second staring at Steve’s bedhead, wanting to run his fingers through the blonde strands.
Panicked voices.
“What did you say you guys were talking about?” He asks, settling down between Thor and Natasha. Natasha pushes her tray over, silently offering Steve his pick of the food on it. Steve picks up the pudding Tony had been eyeing and Natasha doesn’t even care.
Tony rubs at his eyes with the back of his hand.
On days like today he wonders why he even bothers.
Steve feels the now all too familiar burn in his eyes as he remembers Nat’s excitement as the teams set out in search of the stones. The hope that Steve had watched dwindle over the past five years, lost to anger and despair, finally rekindled with the possibility of a better future.
“What? I’ll have you know that my opinion always counts, no matter the situation,” he says.
Taking a moment, Steve looks up into the depths of what is still Stark Tower and lets himself breathe. Hopefully JARVIS is still disabled—Tony had worried about the AI’s response at seeing two versions of them in the tower—because Steve isn’t sure he wants anyone to know what he’s about to do. He doesn’t know how he’d explain it if they did.
The patient crashing.
, he thinks, checking the surgery time against that on the giant clock above the board. The numbers written beside the procedure list their start time as two hours earlier which means that Tony’s stuck waiting for anything from one to four hours and how the hell is he supposed to wait that long? He slumps back against the wall.
Steve flicks the case open to pick up the space stone, then swaps it with the tesseract still in the safe. With a deep breath, he hands it to Tony, who is ready and waiting with a gauntlet covering his bare skin. Steve closes Tony’s fingers over the cube with a heavy heart.
No such luck.
They remain that way for another ten minutes, watching as people hurry around, the constant activity of the hallway reminding Tony that in the grand scheme of things, his little problem isn’t much compared to all the life-changing activities going on in the hospital right now.
“You know, I’ve had this dream a few times but the reality is so much better.” Tony’s words are a breathy murmur against Steve’s ear and while the words make Steve feel like there’s an electric current thrumming below his skin, Tony sounds far too coherent.
“He was fine. No different than usual, anyway,” he says. There’s a hitch in her breathing, as though she’s muffling a sob. “Mom?”
Steve claps a hand over Tony’s mouth, amusement still evident in the easy curl of his lips and softness in his eyes. “No, you’ve said your bit, it’s my turn now.” He waits until Tony nods his acquiesce before removing his hand.
“Tony?” His head is bowed, a lock of blonde hair falling out of place onto his forehead.
“Can you finish your story? If you don’t mind, I mean…” He almost doesn’t recognise the timid person who voices the question. He’s Tony-fucking-Stark, not this uncertain, weak shell of a man.
But that isn't who he is.
“You’re carrying a heavy burden,” she says, completely derailing the thoughts spiraling through his head. “You have suffered terrible loss for one so young.”
On Vormir the cold bites at his skin and steals the very air from his lungs.
“It’s been eleven years,” he huffs, shifting his head to press his lips to the palm of Tony’s hand. Tony’s expression turns soft, and desperately sad. “Don’t you think it’s time we finally stopped lying to each other?”
“Well, it looks like my work here is done,” Tony says, putting his hands on the chair’s armrests, and pushing himself to his feet. He can’t help but note that he’s suddenly feeling lighter, no longer weighed down by secrets he has no obligation to keep.
"There's a handwritten note too. 'Just thought you should know, this makes my building ten feet taller than yours. Hope you'll join me this weekend, haven't seen you in ages. David. P.S. It's open bar.'"
"Mr. ... David?" Steve slunk into the castle library to find Xanatos silhouetted against the fireplace, staring up at an enormous original Holbein above the mantel.
"Come back tonight. I promise it'll be worth you while."
Still disoriented, still not quite sure what he was up against, Tony rolled into a crouch and lifted his palms in what he prayed was the right direction.
"I'll see you at eight, then."
spying on me; I have nothing to hide. But I have no interest in falling in love with someone who feels nothing for me ... again. I need to know ... Why are you here
“I dunno, we might have made it to the shower by now.”
Feeling all kinds of wrong, he gave in. She needed whatever closure she could get, even at the expense of his friend’s privacy.
“When I had the warhead, I didn’t think I’d be coming back. So I called her … and she didn’t answer. I know she’d never
"I took this from Tony Stark's lab." She showed him a small, circular thingy made of silver metal and blue glass.
Xanatos was already seated when Owen showed Tony into the dining room, his dark red shirt open at the collar, two glistening lobsters steaming on the table before him. He looked up, mouth halfway to a smile.
"Do what?" Xanatos drew closer, all innocence, offering the scotch once more.
"Let me know if there's anything I can do."
The courtyard was eerily still as he landed on bended knee. The stones of fallen walls cast the space in deep, jagged shadows. Tony peered left and right and started to stand.
After an hour of stewing while he circled above the city, Tony was almost glad to see a blossom of fire and smoke down below.
He wished he knew for sure whether he and Steve were on the same page ... about the gargoyles, about Xanatos, about everything. But Fury had told him to keep a lid on things for a while, even from the rest of the team. SHIELD didn't need Xanatos getting skittish just when they might be catching him red handed at ... whatever it was he was up to.
"And that's my cue to leave." Tony turned abruptly on his heel, more than happy to make an exit every bit as impressive as his entrance had been.
