There was a moment when the shadows of the hall and the snarl on Jim’s face turned his visage akin to a bloodthirsty gargoyle. The sight startled John so thoroughly that his legs involuntarily halted before their flight towards his room. Then Jim closed his eyes and took a deep breath. It was gone.
Sherlock smiled down at John. He reached over to snag a slice of toast from John’s plate. “You genuinely have no concept of how much I truly needed to do that.”
"Because then you'd have to make your own bloody tea for a change."
He hears sirens, about two miles in the distance. Coming closer. He needs to get out.
Then Sherlock’s moving him again, but not towards the bed like John had assumed. Instead he’s maneuvered in front of the mirror, and is pushed down until he’s sitting cross-legged on the floor. He feels Sherlock join him, pressing up against his back. Sherlock’s legs splay out on either side of him, and John feels truly surrounded.
John saw the slight dip of Sherlock’s chin as he nodded. “You probably won’t believe me, but you’re remarkable. You’re engaging, funny, charming, and entirely separate from bland people pretending that they’re inherently unique by virtue of the simple truth that you actually
He knew it was a stupid excuse. The look she gave him proved that. But since she didn’t want to accuse him of being mad, he got away with it. “I’ll just…go change,” the awkward words clattered like a thrown bundle of sticks.
At that moment, a cold gust blows over the both of them, and Sherlock involuntarily shivers. He's been outside in this weather all day, when any sane person would want to find shelter immediately. It's starting to affect him, how dull.
He poured out a small amount, put the lid back on the jar, made sure his presence had not left a trace, and left.
John jerked back a little bit. Sherlock donned confusion while something cold and slithering waited to spring to life inside of his chest, “Something wrong?”
“What did you have in mind?”
is going to happen. John is a man of action. He'll take his pain when he wants it, thank you.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh yes, because the opinions and regard from others has been something I’ve strived to achieve for years. Couldn’t you tell by my relentless pandering to the masses?”
“A shut-in, living on a soldier’s pension. A man so weighted down by his bleak life that his own physical body suffered for it. An army doctor without a sense of purpose, left to wander the civilized streets of London. Far away from the screams of the dying and the blast of gunshots. You were alone before you met me John.
But, with grim honesty, John knew that even a lifetime of solitude would be preferable to being a dragon’s treasure.
technicality, this project was our clever Sherlock’s idea first,” the mentioned man did nothing except twitch at the emphasis, “he cultivated it and honed it. Therefore, he believes that he is entitled to see its completion independently. Personally, I think that’s a load of tripe. Sorry, sorry,” Jim held up his hands when Sherlock shifted pointedly.
“I’ll go to him.”
The pain in his scalp is secondary, but for some reason the sensation is magnified. What should just be a tug on his head is now a crawling sensation that extends from the crown to his neck. It feels like Sherlock is gently scraping his fingernails over every inch of John's face. John wishes he could say it's a new feeling. A gasp of relief escapes him when he feels the licks of fire in his skin recede. It's slight, but John is ever so grateful for it. He mindlessly nudges his head further into Sherlock's palm, tracking the source of comfort. When nothing happens, and the flame intensifies once more, John doesn't stop the whine that is pulled from his throat.
"What I want, Sherlock, is for you to stop this pointless coveting. Dr. John Watson is a very rare man, and he doesn't deserve to be made into a sociopath's toy."
Something gripped his shoulder, and John spun wildly around as he yelled in fright.
Thank you all so much for staying with me on this incredibly insane journey! Each comment, view, and bookmark made my heart swell three sizes each day! :) This is the end of the story, but not the end of the series. There are a few more things I want to do in this universe. Be it one shots or a whole sequel (debating) I want to explore this a little more. Again, thank you so much, and I look forward to churning out some more dark things in the future.
“You caught a small chill and it amplified because you refused to let yourself rest,” Sherlock retorted. “As an upcoming physician you should know about letting your body mend rather than supposing it capable of an accelerated healing process. Or worse, to blame your affliction on an entirely innocuous object.”
When she ripped the sheer fabric away, John let out a startled yell and recoiled. Harry’s mouth was gaping wide with an unhinged jaw, stuffed to the brim with red berries. “I’m so thirsty John,” she somehow spoke around the fruit. Each seed fell from her mouth like frozen drops of blood, “I’m so thirsty.” She pushed herself up with supernatural strength, and shoved John to the ground. Her rotten eye sockets stared down into him as she raved, “Let me drink! Let me be filth!”
“No, they haven’t. Not if you’d been paying attention.”
Sherlock waved his wrist in emphasis, “You should, you know, go first.”
"I can pry your eyelids open with tape, or you can look at me of your own volition. Either way, I will have your full attention John." Since Sherlock held the bottom of John's jaw, he could feel the teeth inside his mouth clench in frustration. Slowly, John opened his eyes, glaring intensely.
John hesitated and allowed, “I suppose you could be right. Just as long as it’s taken care of as soon as possible.”
“Don’t you start too,” John warned, “and I thought that you weren’t spying on us anymore?”
“Teenaged drug dealers Sherlock,” John reminded him, “not exactly the most discerning individuals.”
“John,” Sherlock panted, “I—uh—the press. You weren’t at your house and I thought--”
John blinks at him. "Sherlock, you can't handle
Sherlock sighs. He steps over the bags and pulls out the needed ingredients from his designated cabinet.
, obviously, but breathing. I wonder, is the stone appearance a defense mechanism? Can you move around in the day and just choose not to? No, no the way you awoke, that was nocturnal behavior, certainly. But you can't go into actual respiratory paralysis, how would that even
“Such a short temper you have dear Sherlock,” Jim crooned, but his words held a hint of his own anger, “I do so wonder what you’d do to ensure I kept my hands to myself if you did rescind our agreement. I’d also inquire about your evidence to the conviction that you’d even succeed.”
John’s hands suddenly tangled in Sherlock’s hair when Sherlock delicately nibbled at the pert nub in his mouth. Sherlock smirked, continuing his teasing until finally moving onto the next one.
John shifts, and coughs politely, but still no response. John looks over at the clock. He's going to be late for Mr. Moriarty's class if he doesn't get this over with. He opens his mouth to speak, but Holmes interrupts, "You know, their answers may have been incorrect, but at least the majority of my students had the decency to finish their exam."
“I underestimated him. A mistake that I am loathed to repeat again. I’m certain you share the sentiment.”
“I suppose it’s easy for you then, to apply that cold logic to the lives and tribulations of every person around you?”
After watching this, Sherlock had felt a rush of triumph. John was breaking, he was getting close to the molding stage. John's time in imprisonment matched up with when Stockholm Syndrome started, though Sherlock had only spent a fraction of that time actually interacting. But obviously both physical encounters were enough to wear down anyone's defenses.
That makes him pause. He knows only one, but is still paranoid about giving out his name. John looks around, and finds a couple of envelopes next to the pad of paper and pen. "I'm at Angelo's Italian Dining."
After a time that could have been an instant or an eternity, he emerged from the earth. It wasn’t until then he realized he was only the size of a mole, with the stone walls looming larger than the Sistine Chapel around him.
"Oh, I see." Sherlock says, softly, dangerously. John begins chanting a prayer in his head.
“Actually,” John said, completely thrown by the strange conversation, “that reminds me Jim. Have you happened to see Mr. Hope today? I left him outside of the pub and now he’s disappeared. After last night’s events, I think it’s not out of line to be concerned.”
“I haven’t agreed to anything,” John pointed out mulishly.
“Surely you could entertain yourself here. I’m certain there are some copies of those Shakespearian plays that you enjoy so much. Or some new shipments of flower seeds just came in, you could help me analyze the properties and-”
Mycroft coolly said, “I have--”
John cursed the prattler with every fiber of his being. It could have been Janine that had divulged, but John knew how doggedly protective nurses got over patient confidentiality. He strongly suspected that it was the officer that Sherlock had blabbed his name to last night.
John didn’t feel convinced, even to himself.
John prepared himself to take out every petty grievance on the poor bastard on the other side of the door, but the words lodged in his throat when he flung it open.
Good god, his
John hesitated at that, but there was no reason for him to say she shouldn’t. Hopefully, whatever Sherlock had planned wouldn’t take long. “Okay, I’ll see you then.”
Slowly, Sherlock started to move in the direction of the bedroom, but he didn’t allow for much space between their bodies. It was an awkward trip up the stairs. The way they shuffled together, alternately licking or kissing at every new piece of skin as they slowly shed their clothes, should have made John laugh with the ridiculous picture they must have made.
John's lips thin to a line, and he casts his look off to the side. He lets go before Sherlock can retort that if he delays him any longer, it will move up to his full first name.
“Then don’t try to make me adhere to a juvenile system of following rules and procedures because it’s ‘the way things are done’.” Sherlock quoted with his fingers and an acidic sneer. “I’m missing ten minutes. Unless something truly catastrophic occurs, I doubt it will matter.”
Slowly, John opens his eyes, staring at the hungry silver so close to his stormy blues. Sherlock drinks it all down, invites John's tongue into playing. John moves his tongue slowly, creeping into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's pupils are blown wide, but John's not sure if that's the light. Sherlock sucks at John's tongue, gently nipping down at the same time.
There was an odd moment at John’s work the next day, when he didn’t want Sherlock to come visit him. Not because he was sick of seeing him, far from it. He just wasn’t sure if their conversations would now be tainted with the strange way they had left things yesterday.
John's breath comes to a halt. He is being hunted. "You're a constable?" John asks, looking to the wide expanse of sky. It would be the simplest thing to fly away, but he can't just leave. Sentiment keeps him rooted for now. This is his nest dammit, his home. Who is this human to drive him away?
John knows it’s not an accident when the glass is tipped forward too fast and John ends up spluttering water and spit down his chin and his chest. The rivulets tickle along his sternum and under his armpits, and John’s starting to think that no matter what he does, every action is just going to make the growing heaviness in his bladder worse.
John heard several pairs of boots exit his cell. Everything was quiet now except for the whirr of machinery. "You can turn around now John," Sherlock said, sounding amused.
"I need to know that you won't ever leave me again." Silence is Sherlock's answer. John breathes through his nose, looking for something to say.
“Erm, yes. And I…essentially agreed.”
John's pretty sure Afghanistan is always a dream, but it's becoming very hard to tell. The overlap results in a constant fatigue. He can't fall asleep if he's not even sure if he's dreaming. The exhaustion couples with the restlessness to form some awful cocktail from hell. John gets an image of Sherlock holding an extremely fruity drink to him, filled with blood and topped off with an umbrella made with a tiny spinal cord and stretched skin. John goes off into a giggle fit some more.
John gripped the plastic of the phone so hard that he heard it creak. “I seem to recall some very pointed threats towards my reputation and livelihood when all you had was a grainy picture.”
Eventually, he stopped feeling thin and transparent. He moved to make some more tea. Possibly with a few shots of ‘Watson remedy’ in it.
“I know that sounds pointless,” Sherlock continues, “I’ve told you already that I’m aware I bring you…discomfort. But pushing my preferences on this seemed heavy handed. I know I take away enough of your choices, so I thought it would be best if I left this small thing up to you.”
Hell, he doubted he even
He backed away from them, feeling the hairs of his nape stand on end. He moved so quickly that he bumped a shelf lined with labeled containers of dried poisons. He turned around to steady it, knowing that even one misplacement would mean disaster. That’s when he saw the one jar that was unlabeled.
John laughs at Sherlock’s honesty, “Would've probably thought you’d been replaced by a clone or something if you did.”
"I don't, I mean," John gulps,"I've never, um, I haven't had-" No, no goddammit. Admitting he's a virgin is
“Because now all I can think about is getting the number of your mysterious Chinese restaurant,” John half lies, and looks up to gauge Sherlock’s reaction.
Now that he knew the emotion, he could practically taste it on the air between them. A sickly-sweet miasma that was almost addicting.
“It’s how I got my shoulder wound. From the attack on my clan,” John says.
“John,” Sherlock firmly said. He didn’t raise his voice, but it cut through John’s upcoming lecture. “I wanted this to be special. I understand your concerns, I do. I promise I made a calculated adjustment and it won’t happen regularly. Just—can we not do this now?”
John sighed. He wasn’t going to try to talk Sherlock out of his goal, he wasn’t the boy’s father. Still, “I hope you have enough sense to do it outdoors at least.” John took quite a bit of satisfaction out of Sherlock’s offended look and barreled on, “And sugar won’t have a combustible effect with vinegar.”
"Hello miss," Sherlock soothed, kneeling down to be slightly below eye-level, "I was wondering if you could tell me what you saw in that alley last night." This morning is more accurate, but Sherlock's learned that people like to be inaccurate about these things. For whatever reason.
Sherlock chuckled at John’s cheek. He shifted his hips down, and both of their smiles turned to moans. John’s spit and their precome mixed together between their bodies. It was still far from a smooth glide. Often they ended up thrusting against the other’s belly or the crease in their hips.
Just as he finished locking his office door, the entrance to the infirmary opened.
Sherlock leaned down for another kiss, but John teasingly pulled away at the last second.
He nods over to a couple at another booth and asks, "What can you tell me about them?"
Sherlock’s sadistic smile was hidden in John’s collarbone.
Pickner started, gun lowering slightly. "The creepy bloke with the umbrella is your brother?"
Several times other constables had turned up on his doorstep, only to be turned away with Sherlock's acidic words still ringing in their ears.
John spent a long time curled on his side, gasping for air and running his hands over his legs. As blood caked one hand, John realized he’d been cut. The wound was thankfully shallow, but was bleeding an amount that would be worrying if he didn’t abate it. Thankfully, John was in no short supply of cloth.
Sherlock can only watch in amazement. Distantly, he's aware of a little voice that says he should be furious of John mocking him. But he's not. He's really not. He's entranced.
“I don’t know, I notice,” the boy said as if it was simplicity itself for him to speak about John’s service, “your hair’s obviously grown out a bit, but you still keep it short. This doesn’t automatically suggest military, but it’s aided by your stance and your cane. The evidence also comes from the army issued medical kit you keep as a reminder on top of your desk, which I saw when I came in. It could have been bought, but usually someone who buys something like that keeps it at home as part of a collection at best and decoration at worst.”
Perhaps the assortment of specimens and bones is what's putting the gargoyle off. But, no. He doesn't seem like the type to be unsettled by that sort of thing. He looks at the gargoyle to see if he's looking at what his attention was originally drawn to, but he's looking at Sherlock now, slightly abashed.
Had it been raining? He turned around, and sure enough a downpour had replaced the small drizzle. Well, at least no one would have been looking out their windows with the gloomy overcast.
“That is what Sherlock is so frightened over. To him, there is a possibility, however slim, that someone who shares your same interests and is certainly not unintelligent, has come by well means through occupation or birth, and possesses your similar knack for caring about others, will persuade you away from his side. Regardless of your feelings about him now, even you must admit that your union was one made quite hastily. Who is to say that there couldn’t be a deeper connection forged over time and mutual companionship?”
“Let’s go home, John. And forget this ever happened,” his words crept like spiders into John’s mind. They weaved thick webs of confusion and compulsion, until it was impossible to pull the clinging strands away. It was a shame to watch those blue eyes go dim with obedience, but it would have to do until Sherlock could access his forget-me-nots again.
He strangled that urge, never blinking at Jim’s jumping shadow.
He can feel Sherlock leave the couch, and he hears more rummaging. He can't stop the swell of alarm from the sound. There's a dip in the couch above his head, and suddenly Sherlock's fingers are at his cheeks. John considers biting them, but decides against it. He's brought about a sociopath's imagination, he doesn't want his fury on top of that.
They also forwent a honeymoon. John was eager to start his life on the Baker Estate, and wanted to get accustomed to his new home. The busy work involved in moving would be a far better distraction than the stagnancy of repose on a vacation.
The stone and metal melted together until the spot began to glow with heat. Without a flinch, Sherlock’s pressed it together with his free claws. He kept the rock from sliding away or the metal from oozing out of its place.
The next day when John is in Chemistry, he avoids looking at Mr. Holmes for the whole period. Usually, he enters with a polite smile, even if the man never responds more than with a nod and a "Hm."
“Hm? What is it?” John asked, his voice hoarse from drowsiness and sex.
The hazy brown eyes focus enough to see Sherlock lubing his own cock. The two exchange another silent conversation, understanding that John may need to be supported in the next few seconds. Reluctantly, Jim tilts John's head away from the sensitive organ.
"Can you do that again? Only can we go over the Eye this time I want to see how many people notice or if they remain completely heedless even when something is
"This is a surprise, usually you can't be bothered to come support Sebby in his performances." Jim's eyes glittered, and Sherlock highly suspected that Jim already knew why he was here.
When John is blindly placing packets of pens in his cart, he reflects. Maybe the counter-offer wasn't such a bad idea after all. Sherlock had seemed annoyed by it, of course. He's not exactly pleasant when he's not getting his way. John's certainly not keen on trying it again any time soon, but maybe it is a good ace in the hole. If Sherlock's being too unreasonable (and wow, isn't his definition of that a bit stretched) he can always play that again. But only as a last resort.
“God! Sorry, sorry,” she set down her cup to wipe at her mouth with a napkin. After she had collected herself, she tried again, “What I was trying to say, was that I know it’s not the most riveting thing, working here.”
John felt his heart twinge in sympathy. He’d been so busy ‘celebrating’ with Mary, that he had completely forgotten to make plans with Sherlock, who wouldn’t have anyone to revel with in this victory. John had been dodging questions from the press all day, and yet here was the one person who would love nothing more than to crow about his achievements.
the staircase. They creak and groan as if they're being murdered, and the gargoyle flinches visibly every time. Sherlock reaches the top of the landing and looks on in bemusement as he inches his way upward.
John wasn’t sure if they could be qualified as adrenaline junkies back then. They were certainly never stupid enough to jump away from oncoming trains for a quick rush, but neither did they hesitate when things went tits up.
John would be concerned about having this discussion in front of the cabbie, if he wasn't absolutely certain that Sherlock has somehow paid all of them off to recognize the pair of them and keep their mouths shut. They could probably openly talk about how John hasn't had a thought to himself since Sherlock kidnapped him, and the man behind the wheel wouldn't even bat an eye.
It’s such a delight to hear the way John chokes on air from being simultaneously fucked and tortured.
John winces when he steps forward. He fans out his wings to check the damage. He won't be gliding back home tonight, but that's fine. All of the wind has died down anyway. It's mostly superficial, and if he treats it with his tiny first aid kit back home and stone-sleeps deeply during the day, it should be fully healed.
“Mr. Watson,” Lestrade’s carefully neutral voice called to him. John turned around and nearly flinched at the look of pity on his face. “Perhaps we should discuss this within the house.”
Does he club Sherlock over the head when they're watching a movie? He doesn't have any weapons. Manhandle him? That's promising, Sherlock's obviously important enough to use as collateral. That could protect him from the guards for a little while. Until he ditches Sherlock. At which point an untold number of mercenaries would descend on his ass.
But both men smile like John is a treat they're about to savor, and Sherlock leans in to say, "Not to worry John. The inexperience is actually rather endearing." That wasn't what he meant to talk about at all dammit!
“By God, is every word out of your mouths a lie by necessity, or pleasurable habit?” John interrupted. “And this not even being a well-constructed example.” He turned back to Lestrade, and ignored the flicker of doubt behind his eyes, “I can prove the atrocities they’ve committed.”
The prince huffed, “What exactly is there to explain? In addition to becoming my assistant, you will also fulfill certain services as my bedmate.”
His heart thudded inside of his chest. The awareness of his solitude sunk in. He was without a weapon and far from help. He quickly smothered those useless thoughts. He’d been quite alone when he’d been accosted on the street. He hardly needed rescue from some stray and freezing animal seeking shelter.
"Are you certain you're alright? You're flushing rather brightly now." Sherlock reaches his hand out to John's forehead to feel his temperature. When the cool hand rests on overheated skin, John swallows. Bad. Bad bad bad bad bad.
"John," he hears his name uttered in warning, but he doesn't pay it any heed. He needs to keep the pain away. He needs to-
John’s heart beat before he felt his face flush. Well, if the owner didn’t have assumptions about their activities before, she certainly did now.
This time though, when he was dropped down, something beside him jangled. He didn’t have the time to look, because Sherlock was pressing down on top of him in his human form. Words of hatred blazed across John’s mind and nearly came flying in vitriolic fervor from his tongue. They were stopped when Sherlock’s clipped and swift movements reached for the object beside him, pulled it close, and snapped it snug around his throat.
John growled out his frustrated confusion, and then he dove into the unruly hedges that lined the path. It hurt. A lot. The brambles cut into his exposed skin, and the branches were thick enough to be a series of blunt forces. His weight was heavy enough that he managed to hit the ground, but he definitely heard some distinct tears as his jacket was caught. He began to crawl forward, but he could barely move through the thicket.
"John, wait," Mary suddenly grabs his hand in what looks like alarm, and John freaks out. He yanks his hand back and frantically looks around the bar. He still can't see the man, but that makes him even more nervous. He should've been back by now, so where the fuck is he? He cards a hand through his hair, the panic making him a little light headed. He looks back down at Mary, and finds something there he wishes he didn't. Recognition. Sympathy. Pity. And a quiet anger that John knows isn't directed at him at all.
It was an even longer drive back to the house. The entire time, John’s knuckles were white from his grip on the wheel. He tried to keep his eyes on the road. But when they stopped at a light, he looked over to see that Sherlock was staring resolutely out the window. It was too dark for John to make out any clear reflection.
"Be a wise ass again, and my mates and I will have our fun with your friend after I gut you." His colleagues hear the threat and turn to leer at the pair. Something shifts inside of John. His stance becomes more sure and his grip on Harry tightens slightly. His shoulders straighten, losing the weight they had carried a moment ago. Suddenly, John is a soldier in combat again, and the sight is so delicious Sherlock could roll it across his tongue. The thug is too stupid to notice it, so he lets John lower the only thing that could hamper what comes next.
John, in this state, pays no heed to the man that has reduced him to this. He just drinks, the bob in his throat a mesmerizing and familiar sight. It is similar to when John wraps his beautiful lips around Sherlock's length, and sucks like he was born for it. Sherlock shudders, his trousers are suddenly too tight and stifling in the room.
Well that certainly leaves John's gross income in the dust. But it's still below the luxury car. Unless the fabric was hand dyed in the tropics of India, using a rare flower that only grows on a dangerous mountain top. Which, wouldn't necessarily surprise him, so much as impress him that they could find enough of the flower.
“Sherlock didn’t save me. The ruffians were already running with their tails tucked by the time Sherlock found me.”
That snapped the teen out of his haze. His hands roamed and squeezed over John’s arms, hips, and back. He reached down to squeeze John’s arse, and the doctor arched in response with a startled yelp.
Sherlock hopped down from the ride. His look was slightly more hostile, though John had no idea why. Sherlock opened his mouth, but John couldn’t help but point something out to Jim first.
Sherlock narrows and spreads his fingers inside of John, sufficiently stretching him. Really, Sherlock could do this for the duration of the drug's shelf life. But he does have a few things to attend to, and knowing that John will be in here, helpless and aroused beyond capacity, sends a chill running down his spine.
John turned his head towards Sherlock, a question in his eyes. In his pockets, Sherlock’s clawed hands twitched in preparation before John asked, “Have you ever seen anything like this before?”
Sherlock laid himself down, and John jolted at the feeling of hot and hard flesh next to his own. Sherlock chuckled, resulting in a pleasant vibration in his chest that echoed off of John’s.
John rips his claws up and away from the man's stomach, and he slumps to the ground, twitching until he heaves a tiny wheeze and dies on the pavement.
He opened up the door, and was immediately glad that he’d changed. Sherlock wasn’t formally dressed, but he looked sharp in his aubergine shirt and dark jeans. John was impressed that Sherlock could pull of a black bomber jacket so well. On the usual teenagers around the school, it looked like capitalistic overcompensation. On Sherlock, it was a fashionable statement piece.
He walks around, and the distraction that he quickly comes up with is crude, but effective. With as much grace as a mischievous two year old, Sherlock pulls the fire alarm.
Later, when they’re naked in bed and John is arching underneath him, Sherlock applies his craft into taking John apart.
When John gasped, Sherlock had to hide his own face briefly from the camera. It wouldn’t do, if John ever saw this, for him to see just how much he enjoyed making John desperate for him.
“I understand if you’re protective of him, and want to watch over him.” John turned around, surprised. Mary looked at him with understanding, and the insight that seemed to come naturally to her. “If you want to have some quality time with him, without me being around, I promise I don’t mind.”
He ignored how much coincidence this theory relied upon.
this attention. You
cramped.
“Again, boring,” Sherlock cut in. He enjoyed the rise of anger behind the boy’s eyes. He took even greater enjoyment out of seeing the Omega visibly clench his fists to hold back what he wanted to say, “Your king’s army is more than overstocked,” he continued.
“I’ll be back on Monday. Maybe Tuesday, if the company is so much more preferable than here.”
John dutifully ate his food, but said nothing. He could say nothing at all, for every part of him wished to scream until his voice gave out.
Afterwards, Sherlock had taken John home and activated every runic inlay for protection and comfort. Nothing short of a hydrogen bomb was going to cross Sherlock’s threshold unless he had a say in it. Then he just led John to their room, and to their bed.
John blinked in shock. He had no idea that Jim had valued his company so highly. “Why does that bother you so?”
John has absolutely nothing to say to the man who has taken everything from him. Honestly, he just wants to go back to sleep.
“Whatever way this ends, and there are many avenues, it does not end fortuitously unless you confront whatever petty fears you harbor and tell him the truth like he deserves.”
The jarring of his body hitting the snow clanked his teeth around in his skull. For a moment, the snow bank was the most blissful pillow he’d ever encountered. It spurred him to slowly lumber upward lest he make it his death bed.
Sherlock smiled, and kissed a spot behind John’s ear while he murmured, “Do you not enjoy a gentle touch John?”
Suddenly, he's not falling down anymore. He's falling...to the side? That can't be right. He looks down to see a pair of yellowed, tautly muscled arms around his midsection. It's like he's being tackled in mid-air, ridiculous as that sounds. And for some reason a very irate man is shouting in his ear.
“S-Stay here,” the man stuttered as he rushed back to his car.
“Ah, case in point it seems,” Jim idly said. “Sherlock, I’d hate to ask this but could you please,” he motioned his head towards John as he reached into the other side of his jacket.
It didn’t matter. Mycroft was, as always, being melodramatic. This was manageable, and barely noticeable. This was nothing to be concerned over.
"What-" John moistens his mouth, "what can I do?" Jim's hand stills in his absent movements, and he looks at Sherlock. They hadn't fully discussed the dynamics of this moment, leaving it to what would make John comfortable. They share a silent conversation in the span of ten seconds, and Jim taps John's hips with his fingers.
His health was clearly deteriorating. Sherlock didn’t dress in formal attire every day, but the boy clearly had a sense of fashion, and awareness of his appearance, that was becoming lost underneath large hoodies and scuffed sneakers.
sugar? You know there’s a corner shop down the road right?”
“How unfortunate for you,” Jim wryly said, “at lest you have the opportunity to take him in sunlight while he’s fully cognizant. Granted, he possesses a delectable appeal when he’s insensate.”
Before John really has time to panic, the door is fully opened. It's still dark, in the office or home or wherever the hell he is. He's being led by his arm back to the bathroom. John's steps are more sure this time, but he still has to cling to Sherlock to support himself. His atrophy is taking its toll. John is set down on the cold porcelain of the loo, and his hand is placed over top of where the paper is. He hears retreating footsteps, but it's impossible to tell if Sherlock is still standing in the bathroom of if he's actually left.
“It wasn’t his fault,” Sherlock was quick to jump to John’s defense, “he didn’t understand his actions. He would never strike out at us if he was himself. I can assure you-”
Normally his privacy isn't a problem, but she's been making a habit of checking up on him recently. The drag between cases always makes her worry that he'll end up putting a hole through something. Again.
John had nothing to say to that. He stared at the torn picture lying on the paper sheets, and saw his own blurred face. His expression wasn’t clear, but John knew he was looking at Sherlock in open wonder.
“Oh, far from it,” Jim hissed in pleasure, “that was the only bearable part of the whole ordeal. His wide eyes, his carefully still body, the firm set of his chin to keep it from dropping open. Oh, and those lovely little lips pressed thin to prevent trembling or screaming. It was delectable. The sight was also what galvanized this urgent session. You should try it sometime. I think you’d find great enjoyment from it.”
John pulls open the faded green door, and it's something like reverse culture shock. He's been around groups of people before, of course. Busy days at the park, sales at Tesco's. But this is different. This is people without a real purpose. No meet ups, no straightforward searches of the best kind of biscuit. Just people, here to forget individual troubles by drinking a pint and watching the game. John's breath gets stuck somewhere in his throat from the overload of it all.
"Hang on-I'm not an entertainment-"
This is certainly not like the chaste pecks they'd indulged in at the pub. Sherlock's mouth is possessive, hard and unyielding. He grips John's face with one hand, holds him still at the shoulder with the other. He barely gives John room to breathe, seem to swallow his oxygen down as he sucks on his tongue. He nips harshly at his bottom lip, and John releases a small shout from the pain. Sherlock pulls back, and deliberately licks the blood away from his red cupid's bow.
So John aimed, and fired on the one thing that he’d been eyeing as a promising distraction this whole time. It was the precarious and rusted support to a jutted ledge of industrial equipment.
He dropped the subject entirely. He told Moriarty all about his expectations of who Sherlock would be hiring, along with what he was excited to learn about. Afterwards, Moriarty retreated to his own work. John sought out Sherlock.
Sherlock’s wings flapped but remained open, “Why? I thought you found this form appealing.”
John had laughed and said, “Why should I invite total strangers to celebrate one of the best days of my life, when you two are the only ones whose attendance I honestly care about?” Jim had relented at that.
If he can keep John suspended on that edge for a little while longer, then John will know balance. He will know how much he irrevocably belongs to Sherlock, without having to break his soul. He will know how much Sherlock loves him, how much he cares. Why else would Sherlock go through all of this trouble in the first place? And what's the point of fighting that kind of devotion?
. His hands might've gone numb now, he can't tell. He's panting through his nose. The spring in his stomach is taut and with another brush against his prostate, John's coming. He comes with a harsh cry of surprise. He's so caught up in the shock of being allowed to come that he can't even fully appreciate the small wave of pleasure.
Here he is, trying to concentrate on the most important Chemistry exam of his school year, and he's getting too damned distracted by his teacher.
Shifting to get comfortable, Sherlock leans down to lick a long stripe from the base of John’s dick to the very tip. The result is John shouting for a brief moment before it’s cut into a moan. Sherlock laps at the head, keeping one hand on the shaft so he can gently move the skin up and down. He tastes the precome as it beads, cataloguing the nuances of the different taste before storing the description in his mind palace.
He waved a cab down, and Lestrade looked at him in confusion. "Why don't you just ride along in the police car?"
This time, when John wakes up, he knows exactly where he is, and he's furious about it.
He cleaned himself off first, and tossed the rag to Sherlock who jerked as the damp cloth hit his back. John giggled as he climbed into bed. As Sherlock cleaned himself he asked, “A shock to the system is the thanks I receive for satisfying you so thoroughly?”
“Although,” Sherlock says thoughtfully, “the idea of being able to read your every thought does have a certain romantic appeal to it.”
“Each library has a theme, and most of it is nonfiction,” Sherlock had said when John asked him about the contents, “we can clear out a room for you and have it dedicated to fictional novels if you would like.” John had smiled and declined the offer, saying he’d be perfectly happy acquainting himself with recent medical journals instead.
"Should I even bother to ask where we're going?" John asks as Sherlock holds the door open for him when they exit onto the street. The night is muggy, but not overpowering, hence the absence of a proper jacket. John can't imagine what sort of extravagant piece Sherlock would have bought for him then. Probably would've been made from the fur of some rare species of jungle cat.
John looks over, knowing that it always annoys Sherlock when he doesn’t look at him whenever he speaks. Normally John revels in whatever petty grievances he can cause, but tonight is supposed to be special. Any willful slight on his part could lead to drastic consequences. But then again, that’s not very different from any other night is it?
Sherlock whispers to no one, "What could slice open a man's belly and then cut through brick?" The building may be old, but it's still layered with concrete. Without bothering to put on his gloves, he scrapes off some of the dried blood with his fingernails. No weapon could have done this.
"That's rich, coming from the man who still hasn't told me his name." He's only just remembered that this is true and had been extremely careful in not letting it slip. John's also startled that this bit of information hasn't been given and he grins while holding out his hand. "John Watson, ready to plunge headlong into danger and known to break arms at the drop of a hat." Sherlock takes the hand, and revels in the electricity that shoots up his arm at the contact.
John had been alone and wandering along the furthermost outskirts of the forest surrounding his village. He often walked in solitude now. Despite being knighted and eager to see the end of bloodshed, his return home had been lackluster. He never would have wished for a continuation of war to resolve his ennui, but he felt purposeless.
Moran huffs out, "Ha. Lucky prick. Still, if you have a preference, start using the opposite hand a bit more. 'Sherly' may not like repeating whatever Jim does, but you can never be too careful."
This one is tender and affectionate. John can feel Sherlock’s plush lips move against his thin ones in gentle insistency, but there’s no pressure behind them. Sherlock isn’t forcing anything. He’s just kissing. John is the one who parts his lips first to softly lap at Sherlock’s.
He took Sherlock’s hand, which aided him into sitting on the ground.
And sure enough, just when John feels like he’s cresting into an orgasm, Sherlock takes his hand away. John doesn’t even groan in protest. But he does release a breath of frustration while his head falls back against the wall. John moves his fingers to test their mobility, and everything seems to be working fine. But if he’s pulled back down to rest his weight on his arms; John gives it less than an hour before he’ll have to remind Sherlock about circulation.
“If what you say is true,” Sherlock said, “then there is nothing Jim would do to ever relinquish that feeling. It’s why I married you.”
But the only thing with this kind of strength and approximate claw marks would be a...well, a bear. No. Not even a bear. The spacing is too wide for the small spreading of a paw.
That he's not here, trapped in a cell that he hasn't been out of in God knows how long. He's home with a lover, only they've gotten a little adventurous with their tastes. The moment's gone before it can fully form, but the idea that John is almost that far into losing himself terrifies him.
He remembered, for a brief second, the woman he had married. He was lucidly aware of how close he was to losing it all.
John did just that, but it was very hard to give an address when he had no idea where they were. Still, no way was he going to walk all the way back to the hospital, and then drive them both home. He would probably pass out on the sidewalk before he got the chance.
This was simultaneously amazing and really, really annoying. Oh, John would crumble eventually. Given enough time and enough pressure, any person breaks. But that was the problem. Eventually. Sherlock could be more than patient if the project was worth it. And John was certainly worth the effort. But how long was too long? If Sherlock keeps up with the way he's been going on, he'll utterly destroy John and there won't be any parts left to begin reconstruction.
Sherlock focused his sense of smell, and found that John was the only untouched Omega in the room. And based on a posture that indicated she was used to getting her way, John’s sister was an Alpha. The fact that she had been forced to grant control of their fates to her brother, as he was the only male of the household, was doubtlessly a very heavy blow to her pride.
He ate a few more bites of his dinner to savor the moment. When he was done, he looked up at the both of them and said, “I believe you should share involvement.” He wondered if they had truly expected a different answer.
When he looks back up, Jim and Seb have already left. Jim probably became preoccupied with his punishment for Sebby. It's not everyday the man directly disobeys him.
I’ve ever met. He doesn’t belong in this shitty town any more than a fish belongs in a desert. If he needs someone to tell him that every once in a while, so he doesn’t feel like his gifts are a curse, then so be it. I’ll happily take a phone call at four in the morning, with him yammering endlessly about mold spores, if it means that he gets a chance to feel appreciated. And that’s where it ends, Mycroft. That’s it.”
here?”
“Know what?” John asked, a tad impatiently.
With Sherlock’s help he was able to get free of the bushes. Around them, cops swarmed the abandoned factory. In the distance, he saw the group of drug peddlers lying on the ground as they were handcuffed.
“I guess they thought I had some insight into the whole thing,” she explained while trying to look a little more presentable, “what with being your coworker and all. But they stopped bothering me when I refused to say anything, or when I told them that I only knew as much as they did.”
John was still panting brokenly from Sherlock’s thrusts, as the Alpha hadn’t stopped moving, only now it was interspersed with nonsensical mumblings. Sherlock could barely make out the words ‘too much’.
But then he saw Sherlock’s smile.
Sherlock pockets the phone again then strides toward the alleyway where the mugger is rising to conscious. Quickly Sherlock plants a shoe into the man's spine and he goes back down, grunting in pain. He leans down, barely above a growl and says "You're going to tell me who the man with the knife was, so I can find him and peel the skin from his face, or you can drudge up whatever sense of loyalty you have and stay quiet and I'll make do with you." It takes a pathetic whimper that lets Sherlock know he'll get his man. People rarely actually follow their loyalties, except perhaps John. And god won't it be glorious when he has the man's loyalty?
Gary exploded into laughter, “Oh that is too fucking good. The addict keeled over before he could get his fix?”
The sane response to any of those scenarios would be to tell Sherlock, in no uncertain terms, where their relationship as student, authority figure, and friends began and ended. Even if it had been a joke, it was not one that should have been made.
"Sherlock," John calls out, "I got about twenty different kinds, I hope that's enough-"
Sherlock grins for the joke it's supposed to be and heads towards the street. He notices John following him and again he's bombarded with want. He wants John to follow him constantly. To always be by his side, unconditionally trusting. He realizes he's quickly losing valuable conversation time as he raises his arm. He wants this to last. Wants to get to know him a little more before he takes John away from everything he's ever known. "So Iraq or Afghanistan?"
Then Jim opened his mouth to say, “Perhaps you could assist us in something John.”
“Come on then,” Mary encouraged, “what was so strange about today?”
A kiss was placed over the knob of his spine. There was no pretending he was asleep anymore.
“Hey, so,” Mary said with a smile that John guessed was supposed to be reassuring, “it’s not that I’m not keen, picking up where we left off, but I have a pretty early shift tomorrow so--”
The gargoyle laughs for a second, then sees the stone seriousness in Sherlock's gaze. John blinks in surprise.
Not tightly squeezed in. Not like boxes that locked away light and fresh air and became a standing coffin above ground. It’s just that sound doesn’t echo off as far as a storage center. It’s a normal building, just abandoned.
"I can pay you," It's not a lie, he'll pay the guy his entire life's pension as soon as he can get access to his bank accounts again. If he'd just get him to a damned station already. And let him in from the cold, "All I need is a ride."
Mycroft pulled a buzzing and sleek phone out of his pocket. He looked annoyed, then his frown cleared away, “Ah, it seems he has figured out that I’m not planning to meet you at your house. That, I’m afraid, hastens my departure.”
He tried to leave, but Sherlock stepped in front of him. “You didn’t come out here to assuage your guilt, I’m sorry I accused you of that,” if John didn’t know him better, he would have called Sherlock’s voice desperate. “Please, tell me why you came here.”
He glanced over at Sherlock to find the boy looking incredibly tense in the passenger seat. John waited a beat before he reassured him, “You don’t have to talk about it. I certainly won’t tell anyone. But even if the law says you can live on your own, it doesn’t seem like something you’ve…chosen.”
Sherlock’s storm grey eyes have probably never left his face ever since he was situated in the car. Which is what prompts John to jab, “What, you can’t tell from the way my eyes flicker in their sockets?”
"Why should I give you anything at all? When I can break you down, have you scraping the floor with your forehead from the sheer
"No. I am not a ghost chaser Lestrade. I hunt criminals. I seek facts. Not whispers that are better suited for the fears of a child and the front page of
Then his hate grows to loathing when Sherlock leans down to whisper in his ear. "Shhh, John. Dear John, don't worry. This will be enjoyable, as long as you want it to be." He grins, John can feel it on the curve of his ear, and the criminal bites gently before guiding him forward again.
So Sherlock merely shrugs disinterestedly and says, “It’s all perfectly obvious when you know how to read the veins.”
He was about twenty pages into his book when he realized he had not absorbed a single word. He blinked out of his haze, and went back to the first page to start again. Once more, he couldn’t retain a sentence.
They’re both suspended in a vast space of expectation for so long that John could scream.
He got up from his comfortable chair, and pulled down a novel that he had always meant to read but never had the time for. Now, with no real obligations outside of whatever he decided, he was free to do what he liked.
John felt his body relax, but instead of telling the prince to move, John lifted his hips as much as possible, taking more of the prince’s length in one slide.
John's not running away, but he's not giving in either. He won't fight his imprisonment, but he will fight Sherlock. How can John think of something even better than he originally planned? How could he have been so blind to think that passive acceptance would be what he wanted from John? It's headier than he thought it would be to have someone finally surpass his previously arranged outcome.
John ordered the alfredo, and when he took the first bite, he immediately hoped that they didn’t deliver. Otherwise he would never eat anything else, and eventually he would have to roll himself to work.
"Good John, very good," Sherlock groans above him. His hand travels down, finally,
“Oh,” says the gargoyle, rubbing the back of his neck, “well, it’s, nice. Ignoring the clutter it’s very…eccentric.”
He can practically
John kept playing Sherlock’s story about Trevor over and over again in his head. While he was proud and glad Sherlock had decided to open up to him about such a vulnerable time in his life, he also felt strangely uneasy about Sherlock’s weird line of questioning.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, moving John’s head until it rested on his shoulder, “and we will be using it next time.” Honestly, how could anyone sleep in this? Sherlock could already imagine all manner of insects and vermin crawling inside the mattress. Although the possibility that Mycroft would allow anything in the castle that could be spread to the royalty was preposterous. But it still didn’t stop Sherlock from thinking about burning the wretched thing first thing in the morning.
Sherlock paused as if he wanted to say something. Then he simply nodded, and walked away.
"One," Lestrade said after a pause, "but you won't be speaking to her."
“Just me,” John clarified. “We’ll make it a guy’s night.” For some reason, John felt the need to include, “Of course, you’ll have to come visit Mary and I every once in a while. I don’t trust for a second that you actually cook for yourself when I’m not around.”
“No, not yet,” Sherlock requested. John couldn’t really say no to him anyway.
“Steady on,” the man gently said, “take your time. You’ve been through a rough night and I only know the aftermath. Now, can you tell me what happened?”
The pain is such a searing demand that John’s hand stops immediately. It flings out to clench at the bedsheets. He tries to remember that he is not being shot again.
Wings. Not all of the 'sightings' dealt with wings, but a good majority seemed rooted to the idea.
John’s not turned back to face Sherlock, but he does feel the man lean down to get close to his ear. Three words ghost over the side of his face, and John is entirely certain that he’s heard incorrectly. It’s repeated again, much clearer and with the addition of his name.
It was one that clung to the inside of his mind like snail slime, blurring everything into an indistinct haze. He knew he was dreaming, because Jim was crawling onto the bed, looking at him as if he were a delicacy waiting to be consumed.
Sherlock had thought John knew that.
“I can’t, Doctor Watson. I truly can’t tell you.” He sat in his chair for several more seconds, before he abruptly stood up. “Please tell Miss Hooper that I regret my behavior.” Then he left the room.
And Sherlock has never been able to resist showing off. Even though he knows it will make John suspicious and maybe even resentful of him, he has to show off. "Tan lines are the most obvious when first looking at you, it stops once it reaches your collarbone and above your wrist so not sunbathing, then there's the stance and haircut. Then there's the way you carry your (don't say sister you don't know that yet) friend, you distribute the weight evenly so it's easier to walk and balance. Most people would just have someone lean their whole weight against them and end up stumbling just as much, but you're used to carrying someone who can't carry themselves. You just took down a potential assailant without a scratch on you without killing him so obvious hand to hand combat training. Now why are you here and not in a desert getting shot at? You just winced a moment ago when you pulled on your left shoulder so a wound then but obviously not a normal sprain or anything mundane so a bullet wound. So Mr. discharged army combatant returned from Afghanistan it is a pleasure to have met you and your cab is here."
“I had Moriarty with me the whole time,” John protested, “if anything were to have gone awry I was in capable hands.”
Pride is one theory, but in your state, desperation would have far excelled pride. So, you are simply unable to seek help. You have no one to aid you. And you whittle away on pieces of rock to remember the ones you did have.
Sherlock doesn't shift, but inwardly his mind races, trying to figure out what Lestrade is talking about. He looks over, hoping his face portrays bored absence, while he deduces everything he can about where the Detective Inspector has been.
John murmured assurances, but even to him they sounded paltry. He knew that he must have fallen into a fitful slumber, because when he awoke, he was dreaming again.
“Are you alright? You don’t look so good,” Mary walked toward him, and then stopped. A strange expression fell over her face, like she was trying to be deliberately cold when she had only ever been indifferent. Then John remembered the events of last night, beyond the confession.
John didn’t stop staring at the screen as he waited two whole minutes before he received a reply.
And he is, he is, he is, he is. He regrets the stupid plan, wishes he could've come up with a better one. He doesn't regret saving Mary's life, of course not. But he wishes he could've been smarter about it. Because this is too much. He can't stand this. He's nearly been driven insane by the dark, and he doesn't want this on top of it. He can live without the connotation of agonizing arousal every time someone shuts off a light, thanks.
Mary cuts him off with a vicious spew, “Bullshit. Utter bullshit.”
John made to walk away, perhaps he intended to tell Sherlock he’d be back, but he needed a moment to clear his head. He was stopped when Sherlock gripped his arm. For a chilled moment, John remembered the vast strength this form held.
Mycroft held up his copy of the newspaper, “You may want to read this story again Doctor Watson. I think you’ll find the continuation rather enlightening.” He easily tossed it onto a bed near John’s hip.
Sherlock smiled, although it was a feeble and hesitant thing. John felt himself soften even further at the worry that pulled at the edges of Sherlock’s silver eyes. “I must have given you a fright,” John observed, “my deepest apologies. You surely know that causing you pain of any kind is abhorrent to me.”
The distance into town and the biting winds meant that John was forced to take a carriage rather than ride on his own. Sitting in the cabin, unable to feel the wind on his face no matter how freezing, made him miss the convenience of London. Unless he had some business on the other side of town, a refreshing walk through the bustling city always put him in better spirits. For now, he would have to get used to taking long strolls around his unchanging property or wait for the warmer seasons to allow him to ride to his heart’s content.
Sherlock grit his teeth, feeling unnaturally defensive. "He isn't like all of the 'normals' Jim, he defies expectations so much he should be a subspecies of the human race. I'm having...difficulties, in discerning how to bend him to me."
John's eyes fly open, but he's not focusing on his reflection. He's focused on the monster in the long, black coat.
His point seemed to fly completely over Sherlock's head. The criminal looked like he was recalling a fond memory.
Sherlock watches the comprehension come over John’s face. He fully understands that John won’t find it as awe-inspiring as he does, but he wanted John to know this. He wanted John to see how involved they’ve been in each other’s lives, even if they didn’t know it.
"Jesus, mate, you all right?" The man's eyes are torn between concern and suspicion. John doesn't blame him for a second. He'd think he was a head case too.
John waits, then curiosity gets the better of him and he pushes, "What happened to him?"
It is not common for witches to become hags. But it does happen. The bright side is that it is easily detectable, in that dark magics will always, eventually, physically manifest themselves. Such practices always demand a toll.
She zipped the suitcase closed, and John was pretty sure she hadn’t packed any pants. No force on Earth was going to get him to point that out right now.
Is it the darkness? Forgetting sunlight? The feeling that he won't be able to turn a light off without having a panic attack? No.
He hurried away, missing whatever Sherlock said to Jim in a low and growled tone.
There was no answer. None of the lights were on.
"And why should I let you
Mycroft's face remained unimpressed, while the other guests quickly looked back at their meals when Sherlock turned his piercing gaze upon them. Sherlock leaned back in his chair, irritated. Mycroft cleared his throat pointedly, and Sherlock resumed trying to burn his brother alive through sheer willpower.
"Keep the change," Sherlock said, striding off to more important matters. A singular ambulance was all that was left of the horde that had flooded the street from earlier. In it was a woman who was staring blankly off into the distance. The witness, obviously. Sherlock would have to try to talk to her when Lestrade was suitably distracted.
Then the process starts all over again.
It’s when Sherlock is refilling John’s glass with water for a third time that suspicion finally takes root. So far, John’s entire afternoon had been uneventful, which usually meant that it was promising to be a rare ‘good’ day. But now, as the sun is setting into the golden glow of evening, John can feel dread creep its millipede legs up his back.
John's bored. He's really, really fucking bored.
John was surprised that he had possessed enough sense to get his coat. The gloomy drizzle was already starting to clot into droplets in his hair.
John might have taken the breath to scream in protest, but the cold air sliced his lungs. The scaled claws curled around him once more to wrench away his weak grip on the rocks. Then it was the uneasy dip in his stomach that flight always gave him, the shift from freezing cold to a warmth that would have normally been pleasantly tolerable but now felt blistering, and then he was back on the accursed bed.
John sighed and accepted the call. “I literally don’t care who you were talking to, this is important.”
"By all means," Jim says, and he moves to sit in Sherlock's chair. He scoots in closer, folding his hands below his chin and placing his elbows on the desk. "Continue. Don't stop on my account," the grin at that statement sends a mixture of arousal and fear down John's spine. His mild-mannered professor is gone, to be replaced by this downright predatory man leering at him.
“Yeah, of course I am, why?” He nearly bit his own tongue out of his frustration at himself. Why did he continue the discussion? He should have just said he was fine, and then get on with his apparently impossible task of going to bed.
John slumps, and asks to be sure, "You'll leave her alone then?"
Her face pinched, “Alright, I suppose that’s fair. Fine, we both walk on eggshells around each other lately. But anytime I try and talk to you, it’s like you’re somewhere else. What’s going on?”
He splutters, backs up, panicking. Not this, oh God not this. The hands hold his elbows, keep him from leaving. It takes a few shaking seconds to realize that John is not in fact drowning. He's standing in a shower. More embarrassment heats his face, but the man (Sherlock, obviously) doesn't comment on his breakdown. He just holds him, letting him be washed by the spray. He turns him around after a few minutes on his front, letting the worst of it finally be cleared away.
He barely remembered the streets from when he’d last been there, what seemed almost a lifetime ago. But the inn was easy enough to locate, being such a larger building than the others, and with its customer attracting candles in the windows.
Sherlock’s aimlessly trailing hands all over his body don’t help the excruciating tease. He skims his hands over John’s skin, mapping the fluttering muscles and measuring the rapid beats of his heart. He occasionally flicks over a nipple, or even strokes his cock, but he never gives enough to tip John over the edge.
John thought of himself as a rational man, and he wasn’t stupid. He recognized a deflection when he saw one. The motivation behind it was what he couldn’t quite figure out. Had Sherlock seriously meant it as a joke, or was he merely playing it off as one? Had Sherlock genuinely tried to flirt with him, in the bluntest and Sherlock-ish manner possible, and when John hadn’t reciprocated beyond stunned silence, he decided to switch tactics? Or if he had been genuine, was he giving John an out since John didn’t feel the same?
Then he remembered being accused of being as helpful as a live-in librarian, and his teeth ground together. The back of his head hit the thick glass wall with a hard thunk. He could feel the chill which clung to the panes, causing frost to form and turn everything outside of his warm nook into a hazy dream.
inconvenience. You once had me," he stops himself from continuing, having been interrupted by their server again.
is this?” He gestured wildly to the massacre he was still standing in the middle of. “Using your powers to take down an aggressive hag is one thing, manipulating shit so that a runaway criminal is practically tripping balls on his own nightmares is another, but
John remembered Sherlock begging him to not bring up the fact that he had deliberately skipped a day of school to plan their evening. Was it because John had failed to praise him for attending his classes, or even acknowledge the effort? Had he felt like his flaws were being thrown in his face while his accomplishments went unnoticed?
“You’ll be my eyes and ears. And backup, if necessary. Hence why I asked you to bring your gun. If they catch onto us, things may get messy. Although since most of them are teenagers, they should be scared off by the sight of the weapon. I just need to know who’s running the operation. Once we have sufficient evidence, the first thing we’ll do is bring it to the police. I promise.”
He could barely see in the dark room, the dimmed sconces of the hallway and the dim candle were his only light. The glow reflected off of a small but sturdy safe right beside the desk. John let out a low breath of relief. Jim’s arrogance of his position was clearly an excuse to be lax in his personal security.
“How much longer?” John asked the boy who was walking at a much faster pace, “I could have parked much closer than this.”
He felt ashamed of himself almost immediately. It was hardly Sherlock’s fault that he was in such a poor state. John glanced around the room, and surmised that the time must have been late in the evening, perhaps even the dead of night. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, which was a shame. He felt he could use some company to take his mind off of his ailment.
"I'll go now, but my full name is Mary Morstan. Look me up and call me anytime you want, and I can make sure you will safely get away from him. You don't even have to go through a court case if you don't want to. I help run a clinic that can give you a new life. Completely anonymous, all under the table. There's no paper trail for him to follow John." She stops her little tirade to laugh abruptly. Mary thanks him, with a smile that is still beautiful while being entirely fake. John is momentarily confused before he realizes what she's doing. She's acting the part of a stranger just having an abrupt casual chat. This woman is good.
“You like it,” John said with a smile. He knew he was right when Sherlock looked at him in surprise. “You like the admiration.”
John’s eyes widen, and it’s clear that he’s forgotten he can’t shake his head when the ropes tighten again.
Only the wall in front of him is pure white, meant to throw him off to his location. Slowly, ever so slowly, John looks around the door. The hallway is a mirror image to the other one, and just as empty. Heart racing, John takes a barefooted step outside. Again, it's made to look like his cell, the concrete is the same.
John moans and squirms, repeatedly hitting his head on the mattress from the overflow. From his arse to his hips he feels a steady increase of pleasure, while his top half remains on fire. The heady mix causes his vision to blur at the edges. John wonders if he's going to pass out.
“Ah, still disturbed at the supposedly mysterious cause of your ailments?” Jim’s tone was one laced with mockery, but not enough to justify the claim of an insult.
The hands cupping his face trace little patterns in his skin, and one moves to lightly grip the back of his head. Like John is thinking about moving away at any moment. Only a divine force could pull John away right now.
"Shit!" John spits, he moves towards the man, back into battle mode. Get the civilian to safety. Tend to the wound. Fire back. He'll work on the logistics of the last one later. "Come on!" John grips him by the unwounded shoulder, "We have to mo-" He's cut off from his instruction when he's pulled back by two armed men in black gear.
"The musician must become dedicated to his work. He must practice diligently, know and love only the instrument he plays." He puts down the pliers, and picks up a blow torch.
"John?" A strange hand is on his shoulder, and John jerks back. The sheets get crumpled and tangled beneath him, and an extremely quiet and small part of him mentions on how this puts him at a tactical disadvantage for easy movement.
“John, please answer me honestly. I deserve that much. Why are you here?”
Sherlock manages to sound nonchalant, "We should get you inside. You're barely dressed."
It's after Sherlock leaves that John realizes what kind of opportunity has been presented to him. He snatches up the hunk of plastic that Sherlock had left on the dresser. It's almost archaic compared to Sherlock's sleek Blackberry, but all John needs is a keypad. Sherlock left this? Really? And they must get some kind of signal if Sherlock thinks he can get a text in this building.
John jumps when the man peers around the door. "Oi. You alright in here?"
been out of the game for too long." He flips the scalpel along his fingers as he goes back to his station. He picks up a pair of gardening shears and clicks it a few times for sadistic emphasis.
The man was currently beating a victim to a bloody pulp. Sebastian's back was turned to them, and he was dressed in full military fatigues. All they could see was his full sandy blonde head from the back, and his muscular arms as they swung and retreated. The bloody mess of a man was helpless to the onslaught of punches. He was strapped to the chair, head practically snapping back and forth from the force of the blows.
"Wait-wait," those deft fingers don't even pause in revealing the little strip of skin, "I don't think-"
“You just said it was a joke,” John reasoned, “I thought your humor was more inappropriate than most, even for a teenager.”
When John looked down, the group was standing there, blinking and dazed from the sudden noise as well as the syrup slow process of figuring out what had just happened. All except Sherlock. Who was running in the opposite direction of the place where they’d come in.
That statement is hardly reassuring. But John hasn't tried to get his hand back. He's either faking stoic, or is just too tired in his soul to even try. Sherlock goes back to placing kisses between each of John's knuckles. he travels up the arm to John's shoulder, still clothed. It's not his bullet arm, Sherlock traces that one with his hand. He places a chaste kiss on John's collar bone, and moves up to the neck.
It was a joke? It was a joke. That was…so far from fine it practically spoke a different language.
“It’s only an herbal remedy John,” Jim insisted laughingly. There was something about the noise that grated along John’s nerves. “Don’t tell me you’ve taken up an interest in plant breeding now, I thought you were already preoccupied with your health studies?”
“No more clothes,” the dragon said, “no more hiding. It’s your skin, it’s
Jim didn’t move, so Sherlock was forced to step over his legs. He gave Moriarty an annoyed glance before turning pleading eyes onto John. He looked so beseechingly concerned. John had a pulsating red-smeared thought to stab those cold-colored eyes out of their sockets.
“It had a message, while it was flying over the town. It said it wanted you. It said if you go to it, then it will stop,” the villager told him. The man couldn’t even look John in the eye. The townsfolk behind him wore expressions of regret, fear, and a few of them were flinted with resentment.
"I ran into Harry," John says. He knows he doesn't need to explain. Of course Sherlock knows who she is, even though John has never mentioned her in their entire time together. Sherlock continues to stay silent with his arms crossed, and John takes this as his cue to go on.
Sherlock would sooner kiss Donovan than ask his brother to cough up the information, but he filed it away as a
"It's alright," the creature mutters, oblivious to Sherlock's reconstructing personality.
John’s wrist burned where Sherlock had held it steady. He looked at the utensil, which still hovered in the air. With deliberate slowness, John brought the spoon back to set it down beside his dessert.
Again, she cries out for aid, and the man dragging her back has had enough. "Shut the fuck up!" He turns her around to slap her hard across the face. She falls to the ground from the impact, and brings a shaking hand to the cut on her cheek.
John considered the proposal. He thought on it to a point that he even made a dragon nervous. “Sherlock, I think that’d be wonderful, but, how would I be able to get back to the village? You live all the way up in the mountains. What if I was urgently needed?”
Sherlock didn’t say anything. John continued to stare at him unrelentingly until Sherlock finally admitted, “It wasn’t like she was a part of the operation!”
“No.” Sherlock lied. “John, I’m sorry I scared you. I truly am. I saw what they were doing and I…reacted. Poorly. Let’s go home, and forget this ever happened.”
He awoke later to see a tray laden with sandwiches and biscuits on his night stand. Sherlock was still nowhere in the room, but a folded note in his neat handwriting explained his whereabouts.
John felt gratitude, but he also felt a small sting of shame. Even if he hadn’t gotten her approval, John knew he would have gone to see Sherlock anyway.
As gently as a pin through cloth, they slid under the thin barrier of his flesh to nestle and slink through his veins. His membranes and fluids were now the home to a community of delicate vegetation. They soaked up his blood to pull it steadily into a circulatory system that it didn’t belong to.
“I said enough!” The voice cut through the taunts like an icy wind. John had to hand it to the kid, he at least knew how to keep a bunch of teenagers in line. John just might ask him for tips after he was in handcuffs.
“John,” Sherlock said in the tone he used to calm hysterical witnesses, “there’s really no cause to be nervous. Especially with me,” his hand rubbed up and down John’s leg, easing away some of the tension that had hardened John’s muscles to cords of steel.
Said instructor has his feet propped up on his desk, with a book on something that John can't pronounce in his hand. His pale face is tilted into his hand on the chair, silver eyes skimming the lines on the page. Absently, the man brushes his fingers over his full lips, and John chokes.
Occasionally John would find Sherlock’s divergence from humanity disturbing. In the sense that he was foreign to the concepts of friendship and love.
John's shocked that it's taken him this long to think about her. But, to be fair to himself, he's had a lot on his mind. John remembers the cold, possessive look in Sherlock's eyes before he'd turned to shoot Angelo. If that was just for a man taking pity on him, what will Sherlock do to his sibling? And he must know. He
“I,” John grappled with several things he wanted to say at once. He finally settled on, “Yes.”
He pulled Sherlock down for another deep kiss. It felt selfish not to share his bliss in some way.
He turns around to find that those that had sense and use of their legs have vacated the alley. Others have passed out from the pain. The woman is huddled by the entryway, her legs drawn up and her face hidden. She's visibly shivering.
“I should’ve known that copulation wouldn’t make you
The urge to know crested through him. He carefully placed every paper back in their proper position, hoping any mistake could be attributed to random mixing from moving the documents naturally.
John thought laughter would be mad to express, yet he felt a certain giddiness at the absurdity of death staring him in the face while discerning his past so easily.
“Mr. Watson-Holmes?” the voice from before called out. A woman stepped into his view. Her mousy brown hair was tied back, and she was giving him a look of deep concern and sympathy. She held a cup of coffee to him. “If you have your strength back, you should drink something warm. You’ve had quite a shock to your body.”
Sherlock nearly tilts too far forward, but he catches himself at the last second. When he’s done shuddering, he pulls himself out of John’s body.
For the next few days, Sherlock kept that routine. He would come visit John during lunch and then leave for the next period. Sometimes Molly was there, but she often kept to herself after that first time, though she seemed to warm up to Sherlock whenever he asked her questions about her studies in medical school. Though he clearly preferred to engage John in conversation.
When Sherlock turned around, he caught some of the scowl on John’s face before he could smooth it away. “I know it seems unfair now,” Sherlock said as he handed John some bland porridge, to be sure he kept it down, “but I promise that when you are yourself again you will see this for the necessary precaution that it is. Nothing will give me greater pleasure than to do away with all locks, poisoned zones or otherwise. It will just take time.”
The sound the glass makes as it shatters on the floor where John tossed it isn’t nearly satisfying enough. His anger is set in stone across his face as he growls, “No, Sherlock. I suppose you’ve never nearly killed me. In the strictest sense. But sometimes I damn well
“Why would I,” he ran the tap and splashed water on his face, careful not to upset his sinuses, “even if they did face some form of punishment, they’d only seek me out again for retribution.”
John recalled the request Sherlock had made of the hotel, and laughed at the sight of the small bottle. “Good, you remembered its existence this time.” Sherlock smiled at the shared memory before crawling back on top of John.
His hands wrenched away from himself, and John whines. A body pushes him back down onto his back, and his hands are pinned above his head. John bucks up, trying to get the person off of him so he can go back to getting rid of the pain. The result brings his erection right into contact with Sherlock's pelvis. He continues his wriggling.
He feels like a fucking sore thumb in his white uniform, but he can't help that. He feels naked without his gun, and he definitely can't help that either. John edges up to a corner, peering over. So far, so good, no guards.
A few of the others joined in his mockery, while the leader just frowned from his table. Sherlock seemed to sway in place.
Something occurs to John and he asks, "By the way, exactly what kind of business do you do?"
His eyes widen and he whistles, "Wow. Um, technically, I'm close to two hundred years old."
John's head is away from the door, and he doesn't even seem to notice the light. All of his muscles are as taught as one of Sherlock's bow strings. The sweat makes his skin glow from the golden swathes of light. From this distance, Sherlock can barely make out the trembling, but he sees his back flex from every shaky inhale and exhale.
John saw the obvious, he saw murder. He saw shock and blood loss. But he observed revenge. Petty or grievous, it didn’t matter. This man had offended somebody, and he paid for it in spades. Arthur Anderson had been made to understand a lesson.
The look is John’s clue, and he explains, “Well, it’s a bit of a moot point, since you already know my life’s story from some bloody statues, but my name is John.”
Sherlock spluttered so badly around his drink he began to cough. John eased his chair back but the man waved away his concern. Dubiously, John looked back at Jim but kept an awareness of Sherlock’s state.
“I consume what is necessary for my brain and body to survive. Anything else becomes a temptation in overindulgence,” Sherlock haughtily retorts as someone comes to take their plates. John starts to think that this is the end of their evening until another dish is placed in front of him. He doesn’t know what it is until he tastes it, and the richness of lamb is delicately balanced with a crisp mint sauce. John forgets all about the chicken, and tries to remember if the waistline of his tuxedo is adjustable.
So it wasn’t entirely surprising that John hadn’t noticed any winged beasts approaching or entering the cavern until the enraged roar shook the mountain.
Sherlock breathed a soft gasp when the answer clicked in his head. He stood back from Jim, too caught up in his own mind to be angry anymore.
The languid press of them against one another was very…nice. Neither of them had ever really asked for a more indulgent exploration before. It was always a pressing need and a frantic scrambling of clothes, followed by the same blissful glow that all couples shared.
While Sherlock wanted nothing more than to rub himself to completion while biting John’s nape as the little trollop squirmed in Sherlock’s grip, the smell of John’s arousal was too enticing to ignore.
“Yes, I can see that,” Jim said, eyeing John up and down, “got into a bit of a tussle I see? Well I’m glad our dear Sherlock was here to save you.”
“You’re intending to create an even stronger poison?” John asked in confusion.
His mind glided over his dream, unable to recall the details. After he realized whatever he’d seen had been nothing more than a figment, he collapsed back onto the bed. He tossed the soaked sheets away from his body, disgusted at his own mind for reducing him back to a childish fear of his own bedding.
An unbidden chill rolled down his spine, but he paid it no heed. Then his eye caught on something else, and his brow furrowed. What he’d originally assumed to be the natural shadows of his face was clearly the beginnings of more violet patches. Too faint to be bites, and too small for a mouth besides. John was struggling to find a suitable comparison.
Sherlock’s grip on John’s wrists tightens until the small bones grind against each other. The snap of his hips keep the staccato rhythm of a terrified heartbeat. Sherlock pulls the skin of John’s shoulder and neck between his teeth until it’s as mottled as the skin on his chest. Besides the slap of flesh on top of flesh, the sounds coming from the both of them are a series of grunts and growls that sound more like beasts in rut than anything humanoid.
"You can't accurately reach yourself that far back," Sherlock responds, his excuse so reasonable that John almost buys it for a nanosecond, "besides, I enjoy seeing you. No matter the reason." Sherlock gives a small smile, then leaves. When the door closes behind him, John is entirely at a loss for words.
“Nothing,” John finally said. He turned around and opened the undamaged door.
“Really?” John’s interest had been piqued. He hadn’t taken the notable wealth of his husband and friend into consideration before coming into town, which he supposed could explain why the people beside him were trying their best to be discreet with their glances. Sherlock and Jim hadn’t mentioned they participated in charitable events for the town’s benefit, “What do they do for this place?”
"John, look at me." Sherlock softly demanded.
,” said the boy with a great amount of disdain, “and I imagine that their reluctance to come forward has to do more with the fact that I fought back, rather than the slight possibility of this hopeless staff actually doing anything useful.”
Sherlock blinked in surprise, but obediently stood up.
Sherlock snorts, "Why would it? It prompted you to talk to me after nearly two days of dreadfully boring silence." Suddenly, Sherlock's eyes glint with predatory delight, "Go on then. Negotiate." He sneers the last word, and John's spine straightens.
. Sure enough, John turns around in his grip, and brings Sherlock's head down to kiss him.
But Sherlock wasn’t just ‘someone else’. The thought curled around his mind. It nestled between all the cracks in his arguments and beliefs. Sherlock was, objectively, extraordinary. He wasn’t just some stranger John had glanced at on a bus. Sherlock was beyond the compare of anyone he had ever met.
Sherlock moved his attentions from John’s nipple to the planes of his stomach and down to his groin. His full lips teasingly brushed the side of John’s erection. His long tongue licked a path up John’s length and flickered across the head.
John waited for elaboration. He continued to wait for quite a while. Finally, Sherlock noticed they weren’t moving. “Some political position, I’m not sure about the details, but it hardly matters. Whatever the title is, it’s a smoke screen to conceal how far his reach extends.”
"Good," John barked "now get the hell away from me."
. He can get them back later.
He shifts his eyes to Sherlock's who has been cataloging his reactions this entire time. "Well, I will say this," John says after he clears his throat, "you have very good taste." And he can't help but admire the artful contrast of the pair of them when Sherlock chuckles and drapes his red arms over John's shoulders. The pale hands run over his chest, before sliding into John's pockets and pulling him back, until he's flush against Sherlock.
Mycroft’s shoulders sagged. But he turned. And walked down the steps.
Pain.
He turns his head away again. John’s not sure if it would be called cowardice, or self-preservation, to continually refuse facing your steadying decline from sanity.
“And I thought, you know, that you just needed a reminder. That nothing ever really stays the same. So even if things seem kind of…mundane now, I’m sure it won’t last long.”
“No!” the flustered man said, reaching for another glass, “Not at all. Just that, the residents up there, basically royalty to us on the bottom of the hill. What with the fancy place and all. Plus, Mr. Holmes and Moriarty give their God-given best to this town, that’s the truth.”
John stopped going to the sessions after his therapist had warned him that he was placing too much value on domestic life. That he needed to work on what life outside of the military and his wife was going to be like.
She bit her lip, as if she wanted to say more, but was afraid that she would ignite the sprinkling array of gunpowder that had become her words.
John wasn’t in his room. He knew that. It was just as dark, but it was filled with the smell of wet earth. His hands brushed along the crumbling walls. He felt chitinous things skitter across his skin while roots brushed his hair.
“And when everyone doubts your word, how long before you begin to doubt yourself, John?” Their voices seemed to blend together, to form echoing and prophetic soothsayers. Or perhaps it was the spirits that floated in and out of John’s vision that spoke to him, their malformed shapes as insubstantial and fleeting as smoke.
John’s emotional walls slammed down. John realized he had done this on purpose, to try and get John off balance. Suddenly John’s little power play with keeping him on hold was exposed as a clear petty gesture.
Maybe it's a test. Maybe he's got a private phone record somewhere, and he's waiting for John to mess up. Waiting for him to fail, so he can start the 'training' all over again. Or move up to something worse.
“Fuck,” John whispered, “oh, fuck me. You’re turning.”
It was then that Sherlock truly seemed to see John. He stepped back, keeping his hands on John’s shoulders, as if he couldn’t bear to be more than a touch away. His gaze roamed over John, and with wonder he said, “You fought all of them off yourself.”
Oh, there will always be things that John will object to. But that is not the real issue. Sherlock knows that John still thinks that one day Sherlock will be bored with him. That John will wake up strapped to a surgery slab and Sherlock will be there with a scalpel and disappointment in his eyes.
“I told you, that was--”
Sherlock said nothing. He curiously pushed and probed along John’s interior until the man was choking back small mewling noises. “Hm,” Sherlock finally allowed, “it certainly merits a repeat. To see if he obtains the same softness or if he becomes even more,” his fingers shifted, “pliable.”
John was acting like this was a—like he was going on a--. Well, he was behaving like this was more than a dinner.
There were no nightmares this time. Whether it was distance from the house, the villains that lorded over it, or the absence of his sister’s ghost, he would never be able to say with certainty. Either way, when he awoke it was due to a cold hand cupping his face rather than some surreal horror.
"I need to shower," John argues feebly.
Sherlock enters from the direction of the dining area, smug grin plastered on to his face. "Well, well," Sherlock tuts, "I have to say, you've made a new record John. Escaped and out of my grasp for, oh, two and a half hours? Well done. If you had kept moving, you could have had an additional half hour to your time."
It had been a while since he’d fired a gun. The vibrations of the gun’s kickback felt like a favorite song he had forgotten.
John wonders what he could possibly be afraid of in this situation, until Sherlock moves to undo his belt. Anxiety sparks through him all over again. Should he be doing this? Is this really happening? How far is too far? But Jim notices, and trails a soothing hand up and down John's spine.
And now that the pressure has been released, all he can do is collapse. John drops back into his chair like an empty paper bag. About twenty heartbeats dosed up on adrenaline pass by before Sherlock says his piece.
“Jesus,” John cursed as he rushed for him. With one hand on the boy’s shoulder he guided him down into a chair. Sherlock’s hoodie fell back and John swore again.
Although Jim gave no indication to the contrary, John couldn’t help but feel like he hadn’t fooled the man at all. In his haste to sit down, he misjudged his pace and caused every aching part of him to flare. John bit down a cry as his body went rigid.
He’s squirming underneath Sherlock’s draped body. He’s so intent on the upcoming orgasm that he doesn’t feel Sherlock breathing over the destroyed skin of his scar.
“Christ, Sherlock! A little patience wouldn’t—“ John is cut off from a hard slap to his face. John slowly turns his head back, fear and anger simmering equally in his blood.
He was seriously considering just hiding in the library when Jim looked up from his reading. “Morning Johnny! Care to join me for breakfast?”
“And that’s your one and only old man joke,” John half-heartedly warned. He looked back up into the sky, and felt his heart swoop.
John denied those doubts with so much ferocity that he crushed the sandwich in his grip. No, he deserved to know the truth. No matter the beautiful excuses he’d been given, that was all they were. Carefully crafted lies compelling him to turn a blind eye. If there was truly nothing to hide, Moriarty would have offered to go with John into town to have it tested without interference or objection.
John felt a seed of worry burn in his stomach. He ignored it. The boy was stubborn, that was all. Fine then. John was stubborn too.
“You heard me, this is about the two of you, strutting about like great big peacocks. You might put up a face for the reporters, how you would much rather be living the quiet life, but it’s just the opposite isn’t it? You
“As long as,” Sherlock tried again, “as long as it’s with you, we can do anything you like.” He was going well into crimson now.
John goes back into the kitchen, clean and dressed. Sherlock still hasn't moved from his spot in front of the microscope. He measures a few things into a cylinder, and mutters to himself. John keeps an eye on him the entire time he writes down what he needs from the store. Sherlock doesn't even seem to know that John is there at all. He pats his pocket a few times, to make sure he has his wallet and keys. "I'll be back in a bit," John throws out, just to test the waters. He gets nothing. No sudden protest of him leaving, no affirmation, just a few clinks of glass.
He switches on the light to the room. He's aware John knows that there's light, even with the thick blindfold, from the way he flinches. Sherlock waits for him to disobey, for him to tear away the blindfold and finally see after indeterminable hours of darkness. But he doesn't. John still stands with his hands clenched at his sides. The sight makes Sherlock want to end the trial now, but he can't. John's still not ready.
Sherlock scoffed, raising an eyebrow, “Pardon me if I try to display manners John. I will try and restrain myself in the future.” Sherlock gestured in the air, and when John turned to see who he was waving to, the assumed server had already disappeared behind one of the white curtains. That had to lead to a kitchen of some kind, though John didn’t dare think of what they used as a substitute for an oven in this place.
Footsteps immediately resounded outside the door before the handle was being opened.
The worst part is seeing his own expression staring back at him. Now, he knows how far his legs will spread in silent invitation. He knows the stutter of his chest when Sherlock uses a little too much teeth. Now he knows the shade of blue in his eyes that means he’s looking forward to what happens next.
“That’s what you’re concerned with? You’re not going to plead for me to spare you?”
“Incredible,” John said with the clipped cracking tone of broken ice, “you’ve managed to flatter my abilities and belittle them at the same time.” He moved off of Sherlock’s chest. He pulled up his breeches with sharp jerks while ignoring Sherlock’s platitudes.
“See how sweet it can be when you give in Johnny?” Jim panted in his ear. John could only groan in response.
"The position of your muzzle is not directed over my spine, it's over my left kidney, Mr. Pickner." Sherlock reached the end of the alley and turned around in time to catch the flash of surprise over Pickner's face.
When Sherlock felt his lips begin to tingle in numbness, he pulled off enough to clear his throat and ask, “The lubricant please, it’s on the nightstand.” His voice sounded a little hoarse, but thankfully John hadn’t noticed. Sherlock cast his eyes upward, to see if John had even heard him, and his breath stuttered.
However, as soon as John stood from the bed, his legs collapsed from underneath him. Where once he would have been filled with confusion, dread and anger overcame him. He dragged himself up the nightstand, and with his coordination failing, swept the whole tray of goods onto the ground.
“Not after more than eight years of training, no.”
John stopped himself mid-tirade when he swung open the door. Sherlock was standing there with his finger firmly pressed against the doorbell button. His face swung up in pleased triumph, “Oh good, I knew it wasn’t brok--.”
He rounded a corner to the only logical place John would have gone based on his trajectory and their combined goal.
“James, you have to jump! On my mark!”
didn’t realize the battery was low?” John asked incredulously.
“You were in a brawl just now.” His face lifted to see the disappearing figures of the two men who were still leaning against each other. John thought he saw Sherlock’s teeth bared in a snarl. Shock stabbed through John’s heart at the sight. Sherlock had delivered the occasional dry-as-bone repartee to people who had annoyed him, or had cuttingly deconstructed fallacies of logic to their most basic layers. He had never, as long as John had known him, given evidence to a violent characteristic.
Sherlock regarded him with a twisted expression. Like he wasn’t sure if he was meant to be furious, disgusted, or anguished.
"Please, miss," Sherlock said, a little more insistence in his tone, "I promise, I'll believe whatever it is you have to say. I don't think that what was in that alley was entirely...natural." And good God, he can't believe those words are coming out of
“You won’t,” Lestrade reassured him, “we’ll be taking a different carriage, gentleman. Since I’m sure you wouldn’t mind covering the expense?”
Nothing happens. No one comes rushing in to yell or demand or fuck him. (Or rescue him, sadly, but John's never been that hopeful.) It's just, open.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said, “just---stop talking.” He turned around, as if he couldn’t bear to face him anymore. He rubbed his long fingers through his hair, tangling the black locks around and around each other, mirroring the hard knots of emotion resting inside the soft tissue of their minds.
John immediately saw the flash of lust cross Sherlock's eyes, and he tensed up in his bonds. "Don't." John said, putting as much warning he could into the one word. Sherlock smirked at him. "You really aren't in a position to be making demands John." Sherlock's eyes perused John's body, wondering where to start.
Long fingers reach under his blindfold and pull it gently off his head. John squeezes his eyes shut, the redness behind his eyelids almost too much. He receives no prompting from Sherlock, so he hesitantly opens his eyes. John gets one overwhelming and welcome vision of brightness, and a tall silhouetted figure.
On and on the ticking went, and the door remained unopened. No black curly head popped in to ask for medical supplies, there wasn’t a strut of long legs keeping up with the pace of a rapid fire mind. It was close to two minutes before lunch period ended, and John’s fingers curled over his office phone. He was trying to remember what Sherlock had worn last so he could describe it to the officers, when he heard his door quietly click shut.
