Sherlock smiled wider, leaning towards her slightly. "Lucky me," he said, lowering his voice further. "What
good," he agreed, his fingers twitching slightly. "And I know exactly how I could use it. Not too grandiose, slightly humorous…" John fondly watched his old friend wander off, muttering to himself and tapping his fingers against his sides. He chuckled once more.
As soon as they had left the stage, someone blew a horn from the other side, and Sherlock dropped his hand in favour of yanking the blue dress over his head. John stared for the briefest of moments before Archie the costumer nudged him and he remembered that he, too, had to change his costume within moments and bent to his pantaloons, trying to shake the image of the muscles surrounding Sherlock's shoulderblades flexing as he stripped the gauzy garment off.
I have a lot of problems with this chapter; when I first included Julien I planned to include it to further tie the story in with the original, but there's so much of Mirith's canon that I've ruthlessly abandoned that I'm no longer sure it fits with my story plausibly. It's now irritating me to the point where I'm just posting it, seeing what people think and focussing on Wholock for a while.
John stared at his oldest friend, a lump rising in his throat. He did remember that - Will had told him he had to be at his apprenticeship almost every moment of the week after they first fell into bed together and John had believed him. He smiled weakly, a familiar rush of affection filling him for the other man. "Will, I'm sorry," he said. "I didn't leave because of you -"
you already know who they are I'm still not telling you," the undertaker said scathingly. "Not until I see an official document from Her Majesty's Government."
The aforementioned almost chokes on his tea. He looks at Sherlock, who is frowning at the Detective Inspector with a look of such innocent contempt that he fights back a laugh.
He fell asleep easily, but with a lingering awareness that Sherlock was still wide awake, shifting uncomfortably every now and again, his heartbeat rising and falling against John's ear in the wild cycles of someone incredibly far from restfulness.
John smirks harder, taking a few steps backwards in order to catch the detective's eyes as he chuckles. "It already has."
He tried lying beside Sherlock, but after the third time his legs slipped off the side of the bed he gave in and turned over, throwing one arm possessively around his friend to anchor himself, smiling as the detective placed one warm hand over his arm and turned in to the contact with a tiny noise that may have been relief, shuffling the two of them around until his lips pressed against John's hair and their arms wrapped tightly around each other. John smiled.
"Oh, are you French? That's lovely. I'm really sorry about running into you, it's just I'm running late for the bus, Chelsea wanted me to see her room. I'll see you later, bye!" She dashed off again, and Sherlock wasn't entirely surprised when he heard the sounds of her almost colliding with someone on the next floor down. He chuckled.
Sherlock grimaced. "Keep an eye out for him," he ordered briskly. "And don't stop watching the jewellery stores, there are still some pieces missing."
flipped open to reveal tiny twin portraits. Sherlock breathed in sharply. "It's a locket," the jeweller explained. "The top portrait is clearly Her Majesty, and the bottom -"
"Mister Holmes!" the shout comes from behind them, and Sherlock flinches slightly as he sees Trelawney-Hope approach them, arranging his face into an almost painful-looking smile.
- of days spent re-running the same two short scenes in different manners of relating to the other man. He had a flash of understanding about Will's concerns: John was happy when he was with Sherlock, but he had no real idea what the other side of that could look like. What if the playwright was right, and his new friend grew bored with him and left? Surely John, plain and military John, couldn't keep him entertained forever. "I think that's the best way to do it," he said reasonably. "Maybe find two or three different ways that we like and show them to Will, see what he thinks. And what works with what Molly thinks, perhaps."
Peters raised an eyebrow. "I've never heard of her," he said blandly. "You may be able to tell from our location that we don't associate with many Ladies."
Stephens' body had been neatly arranged on the bed, fully dressed. Even his flies had been refastened, his arms crossed over his chest, his eyes pressed closed. Sherlock frowned. "Well," John said from behind him. "I see what you mean about different."
John placed a possessive arm over Ben's shoulders once more, burrowing the boy into his chest. There was a fine edge, he'd always thought, between Oberon's delight at finally having this child and his disappointment that Titania had simply given him up. He gave the rest of his speech while gently stroking Sherlock's eyelids, removing his love-spell and perhaps lingering a little longer than necessary to continue touching him.
John's hand slipped from his own, sliding down his stomach until it reached the point where the sheets covered him. "Right," he said, his voice bright and teasing, "why don't you show me exactly what you were doing to my body, then?"
barriers between us, that I'm completely comfortable with you. I want complete physical and emotional intimacy." He paused, running his hands firmly up John's back, enjoying the feeling of him close, the warmth of them bleeding through their clothes until they shared the
The playwright patted him comfortingly on the back. "As you said to Molly," he said brightly. "Do what you've done all season, and he will love you, or he'll be wrong."
His flatmate pauses for a moment, the breath leaving his lungs in a prolonged whoosh. Then he looks up at John. "Sorry," he says quietly, so quietly that John doesn't hear it over the steady suburban traffic and only understands the word because he can read it on Sherlock's lips. John shakes his head. After another moment of staring blankly at the white front door, Sherlock takes a deep breath in and turns away. "Let's go home for a bit, I can't think with all of this noise."
Sherlock!" he hisses, pulling at the detective's arm. Sherlock doesn't move. It's as if there are memories of his own burning in the grate, and he can't decide whether he wants to dive in and save them or let them burn.
had been spending an irritatingly large amount of time in the flat, giggling on the sofa and burning up all the things John and I used to do together like gasoline. I couldn't even ask for his medical opinion on case-photos anymore, much less invite him to an actual crime-scene to examine a body or keep a gun at my back at a stake-out.
The politician chuckles. "Most certainly, Mister Holmes, all thanks to you. Can I get you a cup of tea?"
Sherlock's heart beat once before they lunged for each other, their mouths clashing messily, the taste of tea smearing all around Sherlock's mouth before they managed to fit their lips together properly. Sherlock swung a leg over both of John's in order to fit their bodies closer together as the doctor's nimble hands slid firmly into his hair, clutching his head closer to his own to slip his tongue into Sherlock's mouth. He moaned softly. John's mouth cradled him, held him, his hands clutching tight around Sherlock's back.
Sherlock looked perfectly ethereal like this, dark eyelashes spread over the cliffs of his cheekbones, curls spread in a halo around his face. His lips were parted slightly as he breathed, the cupid's-bowed shape relaxed.
John's hand pressing down on his cock stilled as he affected a shudder and a series of gasps. He'd never pretended to orgasm before, but he supposed as he was pretending to be someone else – a
I should have planned for it, I suppose, come up with a reasonable and logical answer that wasn't just 'I don't want it'. I can't really blame him for not believing that one, but I wasn't expecting him to get so violent and I panicked.
"So, Inspector," Sherlock says brightly, placing a mug of black tea in front of him and settling on the settee beside John. Closer than normal, he notes with a few smug butterflies. "To what do we owe the pleasure?"
would have needed some space after something like that. Remember when we first slept together? I barely talked to you for a few days, that didn't mean I wasn't madly in love with you. I just needed some time to process what was happening because I'd never felt like that about anyone before."
Sherlock understood the implication straight away and smiled slightly to himself; John, on the other hand, stared at the DI. "Was that a
For a moment Sherlock stood there, his hand awkwardly resting on the other man's shoulder. Then the Doctor shrugged him off. "Yeah, well. Burglary of this scale is a capital offence on their planet anyway. Shame, though - I would've liked to have seen what was in there."
It was a transparent dig at Orsino's verbose declarations of love for Olivia, and yet John knew that the Duke was so self-absorbed he would not see it that way.
The Doctor's mouth was open, but he was shaking his head in a desperate inability to answer when it became apparent; Kirsty threw her head back and emitted a terrible scream. Sherlock watched, his own mouth falling open, as something dark seemed to
John doesn't let the frown drop. "Okay, but Sherlock… most people don't move this fast. So it's not socially unusual or anything. You don't have to feel like you're expected to do this right now."
Or would Sherlock feel the same way? Everyone seemed to think it was unusual for his newest friend to spend so much time with one person for so long. Was it possible that the detective, too, felt that rush of excitement and
He watched as the taller boy's grey-green eyes scanned him up and down. "Like your rebellious older sibling, your family's financial problems, your ambition to become a doctor through the military or possibly your secret hope that you'll get called to service," he said succinctly. John's jaw hit the floor.
Sherlock casts a disparaging look backwards. "Why would I? Footprints in the sand only last until the tide comes in, and then they get washed away and forgotten about." He's picked up a piece of driftwood along the way, and is holding it out in front of him like a wizard with a staff. John snorts, then frowns.
His eyes fell on John again and quite suddenly, jarringly, he remembered the casual look on John's face the day after they met, hours after John had shot a man to save Sherlock's life. "
"Well, you're very observant," he threw back. Sherlock grinned at him, flashing unusually white teeth. It struck John that there was a difference between Sherlock's smiles when he was a detective, and those when he was an actor. Perhaps it was simply the self-consciousness that naturally came with being watched the way an actor was, but the way he looked at John in the context of the stage was entirely more subdued and shy than the way he was grinning now. There was something more
rocked him, throwing him against one wall. John's heart pounded in time with the constant shudders of the floor, not subsiding this time but continuing to make finding his feet difficult.
When he relived the experience in the waiting room at the police station he'd very nearly embarrassed himself. He'd meant to be in control the whole time, but instead John had snatched it from him with their first kiss, and before he realised what was happening Sherlock had been
The light grew, and grew, and Sherlock's very brain was burning as his heart seemed to drown in shadow, and he wanted to scream but he had lost all control of his voice, he could feel the shadows climbing his legs and he almost wished they would just finish him the way the others had died instead of drawing it out like this, and the Doctor was still talking, something about knowing if they killed anyone else but Sherlock could see the bluff in his posture and the way he was moving his hands and he knew that the lights were as high as the Timelord could make them and if this wasn't killing them then there wasn't much more that they could do –
But Sherlock has already put the phone to his ear, his feet carrying him around the room in tight circles. "Why?" he barks sharply into the phone when the DI picks up. John can hear the bewildered tones of the other man coming from the device. "So
it that Sophie hadn't crossed his mind at all from the moment he had seen Sherlock? He had been so caught up in his unprecedented appreciation of his very masculine form and his fragile, reluctantly-expressive face. He'd felt as though he
He didn't try to argue when the Classics teacher placed him reverently on the bed and immediately kissed his way underneath Sherlock's baggy t-shirt, the fabric stretching over his head so that Sherlock couldn't find purchase in his hair until it re-emerged and worked its way instead into his equally loose-fitting bottoms.
"No," Sherlock agreed. "I believe the remainder of the jewellery belonged to Lady Carfax, confirming my suspicion that they were kidnapped by the same person. I intend to have her maid, Miss Devine, verify the ownership of the items."
He always enjoyed the wedding, treating it more like some kind of cast party than a part of the play itself. As they settled in their places on the stage to watch the mechanicals' performance, Sherlock bent his head to whisper affectionately in John's ear. "I'm not certain I know this scene as well as the rest," he admitted grudgingly.
John tries to sigh resignedly, but he can't help the hint of ecstatic smile spreading over his face. "All right," he says, squeezing the detective's thighs. "But not right now. We'll try again in the morning, when we're all energized and I'm not exhausted and tipsy. Now get into bed."
John redoubles his effort on the placid smile. "Don't let the door hit you on the way out," he advises cheerfully. "Lovely to see you, as always."
It had the intended effect, for all its melodrama; Mycroft sat back in his chair with a sharp indrawn breath, looking ruffled. "When was the last time you saw him?" Sherlock pressed.
Bill left him alone until breakfast the next morning. John had, as predicted, got very little sleep in between fervent recollections of the swimming-pool changing-room and irritatingly-persistent erections. What little sleep he did manage to drift off to was invaded by dreams of sharp cheekbones and impossible eyes, of Sherlock's hands on him, Sherlock on his knees in front of him,
together in a few hours, after all, and he didn't want Sherlock in this foul a mood when they arrived there.
Sherlock pulled away from him just enough to let his gaze travel downwards, across the trail of tawny hair that trickled down to pool at the base of his erection; John felt warm breath puff across his chest as it left his lover's lungs in a huff. One long, pale finger stroked its way between John's pectorals, tangling in the hairs there.
Lady Brackenstall's bedchamber was simply furnished, draped in midnight blue with dark furniture and a white jug of water beside the bed. Sherlock looked around it with eyes narrowed, appraising it. There was no sign of any kind of struggle, but then Lestrade had said that Lady Carfax had been resting when they had arrived at the house the first time, so he supposed there had been plenty of time to straighten the room out if it had needed it. Sherlock lifted an eyebrow at the room after a moment's appraisal. "It doesn't look as if Lord Brackenstall visited his wife's bed particularly often," he observed quietly.
The younger boy shrugged self-deprecatingly. "I have a highly organised mind," he said matter-of-factly. "I've trained myself to encode things in a specific way and I delete irrelevant information."
He turned his back on the jewellery shop and started back the way they had come, walking slowly with his head pensively bowed. John watched him for a moment before starting after him. "Still though," he tried, "this helps us, doesn't it? It
Sherlock was asleep when John woke up, however, his breath ghosting into John's hair, fingers twitching absently in the fabric of John's shirt. John smiled happily, wriggling closer to his friend; Sherlock made a soft sound in his sleep and tightened his arms around him.
He was still processing what that would look like for the audience - even Rosalind had changed her dress in order to reveal herself - when there was a commotion at the stage door for Will's entrance as the deranged Malvolio. Still clasping Sherlock's hands in his own, John turned to watch them. "
with the volume on the telly at maximum, but it still took him a moment to grit his teeth, identify that the sound was coming from the downstairs flat, and force his way through the soundwaves to the door to try and address the tiny landlady.
He sat with Sherlock Holmes for almost an hour before the man awoke; Scotland Yard called around halfway through that period and, to his own surprise, he told them he had had a family emergency and would need the rest of the day off. He was invested now, he reasoned to himself, and he wanted to know the man's story. After a further twenty minutes or so the hand in his twitched, then pulled away with a snatch as the man's eyes snapped open.
"Maybe he just didn't want to give you detention on the first day," John suggested. "Besides, he likes you playing his word-games with him."
talk to her? Him trying to do Sherlock's job hadn't gone terribly well last time. But the detective dipped his head slightly in affirmation, so John cleared his throat and leaned forwards.
Sherlock smiles. "Is this the part where we kiss, Doctor?" he teases, and the tone of his voice is so completely insincere that any
he pleaded, actually taking Sherlock's hand and kneeling in front of him until they were eye-to-eye.
"Yes, I'd imagine arriving half an hour late wouldn't exactly do wonders for the queue outside your office," he remarks idly. John's fists clench.
He's really a lot more intelligent than the detective gives him credit for, and there are a lot of things that Sherlock thinks John doesn't notice: his love of crap television, the way he sneaks Tim-Tams out of John's special stash, and the odd yawns when he hasn't slept the night before. Sherlock insists that he needs neither food nor sleep, and so John humours him, pretends he doesn't notice Sherlock's body protesting – the yawns, the bleary eyes, the slight gurgles and grumbles of an empty stomach, the way the fridge is always slightly emptier when he wakes up than it was when he went to bed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I went out to Bloomsbury, had an argument with a police officer, met someone in the changing room, managed to seduce him to my way of thinking, discovered that Carl Powers was murdered and came home. After a brief detour to get thrown out of a police station."
John's phone announces itself before his first pint even arrives, but he doesn't check it for a few minutes. It's too fast, and he's scared that it means Sherlock doesn't want to see him again.
Holmes smiled broadly, his cheeks crinkling. John marvelled again at how the expression softened his entire face. "Sherlock, please," he said. Ben grinned brightly. "Would you prefer me to call you 'Molly'? I didn't see the play that earned you the nickname, but if this afternoon's performance was anything to go by I'm certain it was excellent."
The look on Molly's face was so pathetic during Sherlock's rebounding flood of observations that John stepped in to defend one of his points; all the same, she gave him a look plainly intended to be pure fury and then ran out of the room. John sighed. "Charming," he said, forcing himself to sound resigned and frustrated rather than secretly thrilled that Sherlock had shut down two hopeful suitors without blinking. "Well done."
Then he froze, his breath caught and halted in his chest, and his heartbeat stuttered and then started to race in panic.
don't have time to play games," the detective rebutted. "Certainly not with people who are supposed to be on our side. I doubt the orchestrators of the kidnappings have the same worries about the Ladies." He gave John a stern look, like he should have known that himself.
John chuckled ruefully and looked the kid up and down. He was wearing a dark button-down shirt and black jeans, dressed more sharply than the rest of the students. He was handsome in a sophisticated sort of way, brooding features and rather piercing dark eyes. "So, you're from Ireland?"
There's a pause, and then she sighs heavily. "Tell me what happened, Sherlock," she suggests, sitting down beside me again and holding out the phone for me to read.
felt anything quite this good and he didn't want it to end any sooner than it had to. He lifted a hand to push his hair back from where sweat was sticking it to his forehead; he wondered whether he should have opened the window before they started, and resolved to keep the room cooler from now on; a slight breeze would make the warmth of Julien's mouth – and the steady blooming of heat in his stomach and abdomen – more pronounced, more singular. An image of the two of them doing this outdoors popped into his head, so strong he could almost feel the bark of the tree in the grounds outside at his back.
, at a bar about six months ago. We slept together. He wasn't very nice, so I never returned his calls."
John shrugged. A few weeks ago he may have been hurt by how quickly Sherlock had ignored his suggestions, but he had enough respect for Sherlock's methods now to know it wasn't meant to belittle him.
They both chuckled, but John didn't miss the tiny pleased flush on the detective's razor-sharp cheekbones.
The screeching filled Sherlock's head until he thought it might explode, and then his mouth was opening without him wanting it to, and the words, "Let
The Doctor grinned again. "Sorry. Can't tell you my real name – by law, actually - and you wouldn't be able to pronounce it if I could."
The thing was, pretending was so much easier, and so much less risky. If he told John how he felt there was a possibility - a small one, but a possibility nonetheless - that John would turn him down and he'd never get to touch him again. He had an excuse to have John one more time before he had to put himself on the line, as it were, and wouldn't he be stupid not to take it?
job than a Healer, and if there was one thing he didn't want to be, it was bored. He lifted his teacup in a salute. "To the avoidance of ennui," he toasted.
And suddenly John's stone-cold sober. Only not stone-cold at all; Sherlock's words send a flush of heat through him. He tries to sit up, only Sherlock's still in the way. "I've been thinking about it,
She stared at him for a moment and he thought she might refuse to leave, wait until the other girl had gone and then try to assault him again; then without a word she took the stack of papers and flounced out of the room.
John stops dead. He's never thought of himself as the jealous type, but then he knows now that he's never loved anyone this fiercely before and so all bets are off, and he's sure as hell jealous now. The worst thing – the
Sherlock collected his clothes and went back to his own room as Julien began to fall into a doze, his body aching for contact that he absolutely refused to let it need.
anyone without knowing that they wanted him, and for John to be the first – with Sherlock looking like he did, with those eyes and that hair and those delightful cheekbones – was unbelievably flattering.
"And then make them really really angry," the Doctor finished. "I doubt we'd get a chance to intimidate the swarm around you before they killed you just for retribution." Sherlock looked down at his extra shadow and frowned at it. It hadn't killed him so far. It had had plenty of time. He couldn't help but feel as though it was
; accordingly, he slumped where he stood into the diminutive, threatening posture of the character he had finished playing mere months ago, raising one eyebrow curiously at the detective.
"…So my first instinct was entirely with the police on that one, but then how could he possibly have hidden it? Nobody knew him around there, it's impossible to keep an entire racehorse hidden in suburbia when your neighbours are all rubbernecking you…"
The speaker crackled. "Of course we're here." It was the Doctor's voice, not Fitzgerald's. "Everything all right down there?"
the consulting detective at work on some chemical experiment or other, watch the periwinkle expanse of shirt stretch to show every muscle in his corded back, feel his heart trip and race at the sliver of pale neck visible between stiff collar and luscious dark curls. He lets himself walk past the bathroom – quite by accident, of course – at the precise moment Sherlock is set to emerge, pink and glowing and still buttoning his shirt from the morning shower, an extra triangle of alabaster skin visible below his collar, his curls damp and settling around his face.
The woman looked as though she was about to argue, but when she opened her mouth there was a man's sharp call of her surname from the hall behind her before she could begin to speak. She held her tongue with an expression that suggested the effort caused her physical pain and turned to look at the man who had spoken.
or for the character he was playing. He smiled shyly back anyway, attempting to shrug the praise away without words.
This was the presentation of a completely different killer than the one who had so crudely disposed of Trent. If it weren't for the fact that Stephens fit the pattern of the other two victims and the scarf that had quite clearly been used to tie someone's hands to the headboard, Sherlock would almost have assumed they
"I never said I didn't love him," I correct softly. Only because I think John and Mrs Hudson have a different idea of 'love' to each other, and neither seem to be the one I'd come to understand. By John's definition, love seems to need to involve romance. Mrs Hudson tells
John murmured. He leaned forward the tiniest increment further, misjudged the distance slightly and accidentally bumped his parted lips against Sherlock's.
"Yup," the redhead replied easily, joining him on the trek through tables towards the door. "Much Ado About Nothing."
a trembling virgin who didn't even dare to touch himself in the fumblier phases of puberty. The sheer
He smiled modestly. "Thank you…" he said, leaving the sentence inflected like a question so that she would provide her name.
He had even opened his mouth to his own improvisations before he thought better of it and closed it again.
The first two-thirds of Sherlock's makeshift timeline look like a demented deciduous tree in winter. It doesn't look too glorious to John; he
He led them across the room to a table set behind a beam so that you could barely see the rest of the inn from the table, bleakly lit with candles hung across the beams. Sherlock gave him a rather pointed and almost annoyed look. "Thank you, Angelo," he said, shaking out his shirtsleeves and moving his chair to get the best view of the rest of the room. John smiled at the two of them, sitting in the other chair exactly where it had sat when they arrived.
The French boy giggled, his legs swinging under Sherlock's, hands tightening in his unruly curls as his head hit the pillow. Sherlock kissed him clumsily before he could say anything, moving his legs so he was straddling him and pressing his lips to his Adam's apple and the dip in his collarbone, his tongue and teeth making contact at odd intervals. Julien laughed. "I thought most people were supposed to slow down after orgasm," he commented idly.
Now I'm starting to feel stupid, the way he's staring at me in thorough confusion. "Sherlock, pink isn't…" Then his face clears and we realise at the same time. This is one of those things again, isn't it? Like the solar system, completely irrelevant data that ordinary people can't block out. "Oh, of course. They probably covered the rainbow in the same lesson as the solar system. Pink isn't in the rainbow, and there's an order – red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet."
He smiled. "I suppose I thought… St Mungo's aren't the only people who need trained Healers. And even though I didn't officially get the title when I came here, I'd still be able to use the training to help people." Sherlock's face was inscrutable; John tipped his head to one side to attempt to decipher what he thought of the information. He wasn't sure why it was so important that the younger student approved of his choices, but suddenly it really
Sally Donovan cleared her throat from behind them; she was already dressed, her unruly hair pinned behind her ears in some kind of twist. "I heard voices," she said impatiently. "Go, you're wasting time. I'll get someone."
Sherlock swallowed, looking away; from where he stood, John couldn't tell if the gesture was biting back a scathing retort or admitting his point.
He looks up at me. "Um, I don't know off the top of my head – Gloria Heian went missing in February, I remember her son reported it, he was distraught. They'd lived in England all their lives, but I think Gloria's mother migrated from Sweden or Norway or something like that. Why?"
The man nodded. "Interesting. I've only ever seen them keep prey for this long once before. Then, I thought I'd foiled them by darkening the visor of her spacesuit so that they thought they already
Bill actually stood up, although that may have been more to do with the noodles in his hand. "What, you can pick locks, too? Jesus, you'd be handy on the criminal scene, wouldn't you – is
John tried to be a little more helpful. "She was a widow, so it's more likely she knew Lady Brackenstall than her husband, isn't it, Sherlock?"
"Sherlock, please," John lets his hand snake back to the place he wants it to be; the detective huffs out a desperate breath, his core muscles tensing. "I can't focus on two things at once, not this first time. This is so much, you're so much. I can't concentrate on you when you're touching me yet."
The young Vulcan straightened up and looked at John uncertainly. "I… I could know more about how we can help him if I could get into his mind," she suggested hesitantly. "I mean, if I melded with him."
The younger trainee grinned brilliantly. "Which bit?" he asked. John hit the highest bit of him he could reach, which in this position turned out to be his lower thigh.
John chuckled. Every time he contemplated this play it sounded like more fun. "So, provided we can actually get hold of these scripts tonight, if I just go to Angelo's in the early morning we could read over them together?" he confirmed with the detective.
Sherlock finally managed to get the bedsheets up to his chest, smearing the almost-dry come under his hands with a wince. "Never mind, John," he tried to say, his voice coming out embarrassingly high-pitched. "Don't worry about it." He cleared his throat desperately.
didn't know quite what he was doing there. It wasn't the first addict he'd found dying on the street, and he'd never followed the others into hospital.
Sherlock gave him a dirty look. "That would be most efficient," he agreed. "Contact me when you have found him."
He started by searching the room thoroughly for the shoes. Judging by the rest of the clothes – a white t-shirt and a branded pair of trackpants – he was looking for sneakers, probably white, most likely in the big style that was apparently fashionable. After he was confident that the shoes weren't in the changing room, he started on the clothes.
that it demanded. The detective's chest was rumbling on every outbreath like a satisfied cat and his fingers had softened in John's hair so that they were merely stroking it in time to the movement of John's mouth, and just the knowledge that
The detective nods again. "Sorry," he says after a pause. John shrugs again. "And I'm sorry I can never remember their names. There have just been too many of them."
"Oh, no, Sherlock – please…" John isn't bothered by his memories of Afghanistan the way so many other ex-soldiers are; he has Sherlock to keep the excess adrenaline and intermittent tremors at bay. But that doesn't mean that a souped-up air rifle and a backdrop of desert and tin cans is an easy sight for him. Sherlock turns around and instantly registers his discomfort.
Sherlock's fingers brush against his stomach as the detective reaches around him; in an instant, John is aware that a sharp hipbone is also gently touching the side of his belt and that if he moved his face an inch to the right his cheek would bump against his flatmate's. Sherlock seems to inspect the contents of the fridge for a moment before snaking his fingers out and snatching the last slice of Mrs Hudson's boysenberry cheesecake. John retrieves the milk and turns indignantly to watch the detective retreat to the kitchen table with the plate. "Oi."
"I'm so jealous of you," he voiced eventually. "You always knew who you wanted. There's only ever been one person and you two have loved each other for the better part of your lives."
he began, reaching out a hand and stroking it down Sherlock's arm; despite the fact that he couldn't help but glance sheepishly around them at the other players on stage, the warmth of the detective's thin shirt from his skin still sent an intimate thrill down his spine. Sherlock lifted his eyes to meet his and swallowed carefully.
of laughter from the emotionless angel is more than he'd ever hoped for. The lanky detective shrugs, tucking his feet up underneath him and picking up his teacup. "Well, you started it. And so what? Let them talk."
"The Ball and Chain - an extremely exclusive bar in Soho," Sherlock told him matter-of-factly. John gave him a familiar
John opted to feign innocence. "What?" he said blithely, looking down at his clothes and shoving another forkful of curry into his mouth.
Sherlock jumped off the bed, gesturing for John to get up, and jerked open a drawer of his dresser to look for a clean pair of pants. "Can you keep her talking for twenty minutes while I get the police?"
Mycroft nodded slowly. "Keep me informed on any progress you make," he ordered silkily. Sherlock lifted a noncommittal eyebrow, and Mycroft - to John's surprise - turned to him instead. "You will make sure my brother stays on track, won't you, John?"
Sherlock hummed absently. "He's right, they'll have more luck than we would. They must have some particular way of contacting him to assign work."
"Well," the Doctor said, his fingers flying over the keys again. "When I said it was the safest bank in the universe, more than half of its safety is in its location. Nobody actually knows where Frankfurt, Earth
John, as usual, struggles to keep up as the detective races out the door, pressing the phone to his ear and almost tripping over the last step and landing on his face.
too many," he agrees. "But there won't be any more. I'm giving up." He smiles brightly to show Sherlock he doesn't mind. "I guess I'm stuck with you for the rest of my life."
Sherlock, about to tip himself over straining to see into the house, suddenly froze. "Lestrade," he said sharply, sticking a hand out to grab John's arm so tightly he almost snapped it off. "The coffin is in there. It's on the table in the front room."
But the woman was still shaking her head. "It'd be much less efficient, there's no way to guarantee we'd be able to harvest enough oxygen externally to supply the entire university on a day-by-day basis. And even then, to grow an oxyforest like this
she'd called him, arranged a meeting beforehand? She had approached him and they had talked briefly, and then he had taken control, reasserted his dominance over her, perhaps to remind her that he was in control, and there had been the tiniest hint of a five o'clock shadow on John's jaw –
The other man looks sheepish. "She didn't do any harm or anything. It was just a young woman, got the wrong address. Saw I was a police officer and wanted to know what had happened, so I let her in just to see. Then she… she collapsed on that piece of carpet. She said that she needed some kind of medication, so I ran down to the chemist on the corner and got it for her, because she looked like she was in a lot of pain. When I came back she just took the meds and apologised for bothering me and left. That's all, I swear. That'll be why the carpet's crooked, she knocked it askew when she passed out. I'm really sorry, sir." He addresses the last plaintive sentence to Lestrade, who frowns sternly at him.
and moved off, taking the coffee-stained mop with her. "I really am. That's awful. I know what it's like to have to leave people behind."
Sherlock smiled at him, a tight, guarded expression as though there was more he wanted to express but wasn't quite sure how. "Thank you for this morning, John," he said after a moment.
The French student smiled. "Exactly," he replied. "I do not go for what is easy. But you struck me as one who would not be…" he paused as though to consider the words, a smirk playing with the corners of his thin lips. "
"No, I know you wouldn't," the man said offhandedly. "It wasn't made for the human tongue, there are sounds in it you physically couldn't produce."
By the end of his speech, Ben had relaxed somewhat, suiting the gradual lengthening of Puck's responses to Oberon's poetry. John really had to admire his adaptability - for a fourteen year-old, he understood the way the scene worked and how to work the particular angle that he, John and Sherlock seemed to have chosen for the afternoon's performance, different as it was from the one they had been doing for the last few weeks.
"I did," he replied brightly, half-turning back to John Watson as he shrugged his coat on as though this, the invitation, the proposition, had been his plan all along. "I told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for, now here he is, just after lunch with an old friend clearly just returned from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn't a difficult leap." The difficult leap, he thought wryly to himself, was what came afterwards, ignoring the doctor's question about Afghanistan: "I've got my eye on a little place in central London; together we ought to be able to afford it. We'll meet there tomorrow, say, seven o'clock?" He tossed the doctor another smile, wrapping his scarf around his neck, preparing for a hasty exit so he could drop the air of complete composure. "Sorry, I've got to dash – I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary."
John gaped at him. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Oh, come on, it's not a difficult chain of reasoning. Otherwise it'd be entirely out of line to follow a
Lestrade chuckled. "Of course he's right," he chipped in. "You know you're too emotionally invested in this to think properly about what you might have missed. When you act you don't think about anything else, then once you're finished you can pick it apart properly without feeling quite so responsible."
He had remarked to John at the time, idly, not quite realising the full implications of the comment, that Slughorn was probably missing quite a few potential uses of Polyjuice potion when limiting his lectures to disguise and avoiding detection.
I take another tissue and blow my nose again. Crying would be infinitely more dignified if it didn't make your nose run. "We were in Brighton for a case," I start from the beginning. "We were on the beach, and it was all going so nicely, and then… I… he's been trying to make me
"Andrew Pearson," Lestrade read off a piece of paper on the desk by the window. "Donovan, call the office and run that through the system."
that isn't two steps away from him, crowding into his personal space and cajoling him like a grumpy toddler. Some of the
Somewhat abruptly, the two of them made their way down the street, Sherlock flipping the coin jauntily back at the boy as he went and making him scramble after it. "You know what this means, John, don't you?" Sherlock stated, practically vibrating with enthusiasm.
in here!" Sherlock retorted, his voice rising to a shout. "You don't really have a lot of options right now!"
Molly cleared his throat quietly. "Here," he said, holding out a mug of water to the children. John gave the boy a quick smile, which his friend returned, looking torn between concern and excitement at being involved.
"Are you sure?" John asked playfully. "Jumping someone in a police Inspector's office has always been a fantasy of mine."
"Last door, Doctor," he said, still watching the other man lazily. The Doctor waved a hand at him with a vague noise. Sherlock found a smile spreading across his face and squashed it before it got any grand ideas.
Sherlock sighed, but Lestrade gave him a warning look. "You weren't to know," he told his assistant. "I'll go back to his Lordship and request any details."
"Do you think Mycroft cares about any aspect of Lestrade's life or personality? Where he lives, what he likes, what he does in his spare time? The only reason he tolerates him at all is because he likes the way his class represents itself. It's always been his weakness," Sherlock snarled.
A tour of the solar system goes slightly awry at the discovery of a series of murders in the English department of the university of Mars.
A rich noise of assent rumbled out of Sherlock's chest as he launched himself to his feet once more. "Best not to keep the good Constable waiting," he said, his nostrils flaring in amusement. "Excuse us, Master Shakespeare."
The detective stood up quite suddenly, even as John's stomach sank; if Sherlock went to Sussex, even
John leaned forwards, his smile wide and predatory. "So no-one will miss you if I take you away, then?" he said lazily, running a hand up Sherlock's bare arm where he had rolled up his sleeve.
"Oh, yeah," John remembered suddenly. "I talked to Carl earlier. You seem to have gotten on his nerves more than people usually manage in their first day. What did you say to him?"
John laughed, his hand resuming its stroking motions through the curls at the top of Sherlock's head, before growing thoughtful. "Would you let me wash your hair one day? Give you a scalp massage while shampooing and rinsing your hair?"
It had been dark when they had dragged the unconscious thief back to the Constable's residence, and John had to admit he had no idea where that had been relative to anything else. He let the detective lead him down another side-street, the silence companionable, like each of them were smiling quietly to themselves in contentment. John let his thoughts turn to Will again, the way he seemed torn between pushing John and Sherlock together and trying to keep them apart.
, John," Sherlock says, and John is pleased to note that as he emerges from the bedroom his face is deadly serious. "I really do." John grins dismissively and yanks his jacket from the hook by the door. Sherlock's face sets back into its business expression, feverishly excited but single-mindedly focussed. "Can you call Dimmock? Tell him we've found St Claire
Donovan made an odd noise. "I heard about him," she said, looking at Lestrade. "They took the case to us when you were in Sussex and I turned it away because I thought we had too much to be getting on with with these disappearances."
Sure enough, Sherlock didn't so much as blink when John walked into his room at the inn barely an hour later. He sat cross-legged in the middle of the floor, his eyes closed, hands lifted in front of his face as though to turn the pages of a book. John stood there for a moment, waiting, but the detective did not acknowledge him. He cleared his throat.
snarky and defensive, the consulting detective just smiles and reaches for the bag on the table. "What's in here?" he asks interestedly, tugging at it like a toddler.
It wasn't a worry for long before John gasped, shuddered, and gave two desperate, short groans. Sherlock could feel his groin throbbing and pulsing against his own, and the feeling and the
image he was seeing now - a human representation of the Vulcan's consciousness, his own mind attempting to make sense of what was actually here - or Sherlock's own image, the way he wanted to see himself?
had been tied to this bed, and recently, judging by the amount of stick on the tape. But there were no obvious ligature marks on the dead man's wrists, and a quick examination under the magnifier showed that there was no trace of the hair loss that would surely result from ripping off the tape.
John took a step back; Sherlock screwed up his face in concentration. John was about to stop him and tell him he was trying too hard, but then the creases in his forehead relaxed suddenly. John watched as his friend's expression became calm, almost beatific. A tiny smile played with the edges of his mouth. Then Sherlock raised his wand and murmured,
Captain Adler probably wouldn't like it, though that was almost a point in its favour from John's perspective. He looked up at the science officer, who was staring fixedly at the bed as though trying not to see it. "Okay," he said finally, meeting his friend's eyes firmly.
John heaved an inward sigh as Tobias took three stuttering runs at his final line and shied away from John's touch as they danced together, tripping over the hem of his train as they did so. This afternoon's performance had been their most dismal yet. John had been distracted by Tobias' distraction, the boy clearly wishing he could be anywhere but on a stage with John.
I stop by the door; my head reels a little from the sudden movement. I really need to eat something, but there isn't time. "Yes. He says it probably isn't important but it's strange, which means it's almost certainly
Sherlock seems to know perfectly well where he's going, though. He doesn't dare to flick on the lights, but he twitches open the curtain in the room ever-so-slightly, letting just enough light in that John's eyes start to adjust.
"Now, aim," John instructs, clearing his throat and stepping back. Sherlock adorably closes one eye to concentrate. "And when you're ready, fire."
while Toby is still offstage, while John's walking offstage, and then John if you duck off, change and come back on as Toby, then the Duke has no lines until Sebastian enters. The audience knows it's the same person anyway because the costume will just be a jacket for the Duke that comes off for Toby, so the quick change will work as well." He dramatically threw the script aside, its pages separating and scattering across the stage. "Shall we try it like that?"
He'd considered that the young actor might want him before, in the few moments when he'd allowed himself to contemplate his own attraction before locking it in the back of his mind. He couldn't let himself think that it would make a difference; Ben was fourteen, he couldn't know what he wanted. Even with the boy's verbal consent, it
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't know what you're capable of," he replied easily. "But everything impressive you've done so far has been down to your technology rather than your brain."
He smiled contentedly and settled his shoulders back against the arm of the sofa, closing his eyes and allowing the happy domesticity to fill him up until he drifted away.
Eventually the Keeper pulled away, resting their foreheads together and panting. "You mad bastard," John told him, his tea-scented breath blowing across Sherlock's face. "I've been in love with you for
The newcomer, however, looked delighted. "Do you? Wonderful! Good to know people still remember the classics. Childhood hero?"
"I'd appreciate that," Sherlock replied. Dating sites were going to be his next line of inquiry; if Tom knew the people who ran it he was likely to get more information than using the murder investigation line himself. He'd learned very early on in his career that people who catered to 'deviant' tastes didn't like talking to the police. "Keep those photos. Thank you, Tom, you've both been very helpful."
A sharp rap sounded on the door; John quickly turned, putting a step of space between the two of them, to see Angelo leaning against the frame, grinning at them. "Sorry to interrupt," the inkeep said smugly.
The artist tipped his head back over the chair, shaking out his shoulder-length blond hair and making a noise of consideration. John raised an eyebrow in Sherlock's direction at the display. The detective smiled at him in amusement. "I don't believe Lady Brackenstall acted any differently," the stockier man said after a moment. "But as I have said, I did not pay her as much attention as some of the other members of the class, believing her artistry to be beyond my help. The last time I saw Lady Carfax was some weeks ago, and I am not sure I can recall her manner clearly enough - perhaps she was a little more subdued than usual."
." He slows down, steeling himself for what he suddenly knows he's about to do. Sherlock stops too. John turns to look at him, and the detective smiles lazily back. "Here in Brighton, with you."
I used the MIT Shakespeare text for this chapter and haven't had time to check it against my Norton version, if that bothers anyone.
"Anyway, it's Sir Toby's line to start the next scene," he distracted, feeling the detective's hand withdraw reluctantly. "Lot of quick changes in this one, I hope Archie's prepared."
The doctor's face froze uncomfortably. "Oh - did you want to go over the murder with me? I just assumed you'd want to do that as soon as we got home."
way to deal with the way that made his chest hurt. "What you said, after – just spending some time together, I want that. And obviously I want what we did before, only without… me leaving afterwards."
Sherlock snorted a little. John was flooded once again with a rush of affection for his friend, not the first since the night before, and turned to him to say something about it when he heard
John nodded, because some kind of response seemed to be necessary. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him, considering something. "Would you accompany me? We'll stop at my brother's office to get the maid's address and make sure she still has the letter."
Mycroft sneers. Both of them ignore the warning signals of Sherlock's frantically tapping foot fidgeting urgently against the carpet in favour of a small staring contest. "I could have told you it was unlikely to work," the elder Holmes says finally. "My brother has never had a successful sexual relationship in his life."
"Could we maybe hold the meeting of the Serial Killer Appreciation Society outside of police time?" Lestrade interjected wearily.
Sherlock had started, asked John to repeat the question, and then replied nonchalantly, "I didn't realise I had been, I'm sorry." He'd tried to stop but it hadn't worked, and John had eventually given it up as simply being something interesting for Sherlock to look at while he thought.
"All right." John stood, grinning at the immediate suggestion that John be with Sherlock to take his mind off the case and squashing the part of his mind that had several ideas of exactly
Sherlock shrugged. "I know the woman who owns and keeps the house. She owes me a favour and offered me a lower rent - her husband was executed for treason following the Devereux plot last year."
The thing is, though, they both know it's just a farce, and when Sherlock eventually huffs in distaste and picks up the piece of toast, neither man is surprised. "Thank you," John says graciously. Sherlock immaturely displays his mouthful of half-chewed bread-and-jam. John nods as though he expected this, too.
"How did they kiss?" John whispered unexpectedly, his eyes still gently shut, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed. The words tickled Sherlock's face as they went past.
have no difficulty, he didn't want to suddenly have to deal with Julien's emotions. But he'd been listening to the talk for the last few years with the thought that he was probably missing out on valuable data points from not having experienced it. He knew how it was
At the end of this particular corridor was a spiral staircase winding slowly upwards, and a corresponding hole in the flagstone floor where it descended. John stared downwards; something underground down that staircase was clanking ominously, like the chains in Old Earth dungeons, and he thought he could hear the faint strains of high-pitched, maniacal laughter. For a moment he thought about going down there, to see what Sherlock kept in the dungeons of his mind, but he knew that there was no way the Vulcan was hiding in there to keep himself safe, so he made himself climb upwards instead.
The taller man threw a rich purple waistcoat across the room with another growl of frustration. "I'm going to be late," he said, finally lifting a wad of papers high with a
John turned his head to look at Sherlock and smiled softly. Sherlock smiled back. "You're beautiful," he told him quietly.
John shook his head. "I don't think so," he replied, as though the very idea had never occurred to him before. "Maybe my genes are just programmed to like tall, thin, pale men with dark curls."
"You've no idea," Mike replied airily. Sherlock, recovering himself from the search for the memory that seemed to be right on the tip of his tongue, busied himself hastily in the experiment, picking up the dropper again.
"It just wasn't you," John agrees, propping himself up against the back of the sofa and trying to rein in his laughter. "Just… just be yourself, Sherlock, or this won't work."
John stops himself from sighing in relief. "Oh, yes, of course. This is John Watson, I was there yesterday as well." He looks down at the detective and mouths
, his mind added wistfully. "Although I also don't have your aversion to any sentence that could possibly have the word
"Morning, Angelo - it's John, please," he returned. "You wouldn't know if Sherlock's up yet, would you? We just said 'early morning', I don't know when he…"
Easily, Julien leaned back in his seat and pretended to consider for a minute. "I think this journal I would have difficulty selling in the conventional market for these things," he lied effortlessly. "So, for you, to give to Sherlock, I would take…" again, he tilted his head to the side in an affectation of serious thought. "Ten pounds."
The man's face snapped back to his; too quickly, for Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed deeply for a moment to recover from the disturbance in his head that the movement would have created. "
Out of the corner of his eye, John thought Jim might have rolled his eyes. Bill, too, was still looking at the younger boy. "Jim," he said suddenly. "What have you got in your bag?"
?" he shot back, tightening his fingers to squash Sherlock's between them. "Like I said, before that first role-play I didn't even know you were interested in sex. I didn't want to come on too strong and scare you away." He giggled suddenly as they stepped back out onto the street. "And then I thought, if a few violent and abusive bastards had to die so that you and I could get this right, then so be it."
He looked up through his eyelashes at John and smirked as best he could, taking his cock as deeply into his throat as he could and swallowing around it. He had a feeling John wouldn't mind indulging this particular pleasure more often.
"I'd like you to stay," Joe answered, wrapping his whole body around Sherlock's and wriggling until they were under the covers. "You're incredible, Sherlock," he whispered, the words pillowing warmly against his head.
His passports were there, nestled between photographs and bank notes and the other memorabilia he had managed to salvage from the flat: the picture Mrs Hudson had snuck on them one Christmas where Sherlock was leaning over John's shoulder to read the card Molly had sent and the both of them were smiling, unaware of being watched, a perfect moment Sherlock kept in his mind for the bitterest of the cold nights. He looked like a different person in his passport photos, and the name
"Oh, you're Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? Bill's always telling me about John Watson's new flatmate who's a genius – would you two like to join us for dinner? We've got a bit of a group together – Jack Saunders will be there, John."
John growled in frustration as someone knocked on the flat's front door. Most of the people in the building knew that he had an exam the following afternoon, and most of them wouldn't dare to disturb him after the time he'd put a Stinging Hex on the door-knocker before his Healing finals.
John hummed agreement. "I've never really understood the appeal of that approach to domination myself. Not that I'm claiming to be an expert, but I had a girlfriend who liked it once and it really didn't work between us."
Sherlock didn't look impressed. "It's fine, I haven't broken anything," he said, somewhat lessening the impact of the statement by wincing on his next step. John chuckled. "I'm certain Lizzie will be back at the house by now, hopefully by the time we get there Billy and our dear Constable Lestrade will be there as well."
The pool was so crowded that John, Jim and Bill had to squeeze themselves onto the end of a bench packed to bursting with the other people from Islington High who had elected to come along. Jim was indeed sitting half on John's lap and looking distinctly disgruntled about it; John wasn't terribly stoked either. The Irish kid's sit-bones were digging into his thigh. Bill sent them an amused look before shrugging slightly closer to them to stop his bottom from sliding off the bench.
John could hold up a millimetre between two fingers to illustrate just how close he is to screaming in frustration. "Or we could
"Don't be," Sherlock replied. "She's probably the only one. And I think she admires my chemistry work more than
But Bill was no longer listening; his fervent green eyes had fixed on the door, and his whole body had suddenly become still. John looked around wildly. "Oh, John," Bill breathed. "It's
Sherlock's face twisted suddenly into a smile. "I didn't want to do what people expected," he said, shrugging. "Although, I think half the people in my year
"In the course of… do you mean that she was, like, a witness to the murders, or are you actually suggesting that she might
John watches with considerable amusement the tiny flinch Sherlock gives at each missed vowel and incorrect grammatical clause. When the boy is finished, the consulting detective turns to Lestrade. "This is ridiculous," he says shortly. "It's not even worth the resources you would use to get him back to the Yard and look for a reason to keep him there. There's no way in Hell this man has done anything wrong. I'm going to have another look through the house for a safe."
John shushes Sherlock through another giggle as they stumble their way up the path. There are no lights on in the house, which is comforting; Sherlock's
John was in the kitchen when Sherlock emerged from his bedroom, studiously cubing a chicken breast. He smiled at Sherlock when he leant past him to fill a glass from the tap. Sherlock saw his eyes flicker subtly from his face – the flush of orgasm most likely still fading from his cheeks – to his trousers, a noticeably different cut to the ones he had been wearing mere minutes ago when John had left him. A tiny smile made itself evident on his face, but he didn't comment; most likely because his own face was similarly flushed and his jeans bore evidence of being hastily rebuttoned. Sherlock's shame at his loss of control was mollified slightly, seeing the reflection of it in his flatmate.
"Mine?" he repeats briskly, stalking back to the beginning of John's line, this time focussing on his own footprints. He draws an identical line. "I was born. It was an accident, and my parents regretted it straight away. Mycroft was the perfect one, they didn't need me – I was the unruly child that drew on the walls and blew up the stove in the kitchen. Mycroft and I hated each other, too, but it wasn't like you and Harry; he would have sold my soul if it helped him, especially when he decided he wanted to go into politics." He stills briefly, then draws the first sharp, spiky branch. "Then when I was eleven, he left home, leaving me to the mercy of my father. Sure, Mycroft and I hated each other, but we always tried to help each other to avoid my father because we wanted help ourselves. After Mycroft left there was no-one to stop him. Mother didn't care. He taught me the violin, and every time I played a note wrong or fumbled a vibrato he beat me until I got it right. When I was fifteen, I ran away."
"But… how do you know you can handle it? Sherlock, I can't do this again and have you bail on me," he says, unable to quite stop his hands from sliding up Sherlock's thighs and holding on to them, a subconscious gesture of affection and reassurance. He
"As I say, Miss Lancaster, we are perfectly able to prove that you are the person we've been looking for. There is no reason not to come clean with us and every reason
"So," John engaged as they skirted around the kitchen table, back to the bar and John's lukewarm half-cup of tea. "You must not come here very often."
"Well, you're in the mainframe, you can control the security. Except that we can't physically get in there without letting them in as well." There was a pause; evidently the same idea had occurred to the Doctor, who was frowning mightily. "Whoever commissioned that extra room must have some way to control their security. There must be a secondary security system. Maybe an extra password encrypted somewhere?"
Sherlock nodded perfunctorily. "Thank you, Sergeant Donovan," he said politely. John's badly-hidden smile widened at a similar rate to Donovan's eyes, but neither said anything in reply. "We'll wait for forensics, but I doubt they'll find anything. All they can really do is DNA check the condom and fingerprint the rest of the house, and all that will prove is that it's the same killer as the others, which is obvious already. I think this is all we're going to get - she's devolving, and fast. Put something about her distressed behaviour in your press release, maybe someone will phone in their neighbour acting strangely."
on you, it's the first whole-company rehearsal and you want us to do it without the main character?" Sherlock only frowned unconcernedly. "He'll kill you," John mused, trying desperately to think of an angle that would work and knowing that one wasn't it. "Sherlock, you need to get it out of your mind. Throw yourself into something else and then let this sort itself out in the back of your mind."
. I'll go and make sure Tobias can keep his wig on straight. The audience should settle in shortly - shut us in, would you, John?"
There was an indistinct murmur from the other side of the door as he rapped on it; taking that as consent, Sherlock opened it and moved through into the doctor's bedroom, averting his eyes just in case John was doing something he wouldn't want Sherlock to see – it wouldn't be the first time he had burst into the room to catch a glimpse of a healthy-sized erection as John struggled to hide it from him, invariably leaving Sherlock desperately trying to cover a blush and look away before his own body began to react – but when he looked back John was sitting up in bed, clearly having been woken from rather deep sleep.
the detective finished smugly. John smiled, conceding the aptness of the other man's wit by unfolding his arms and resettling his stance in an impressed kind of manner.
John smiled uneasily. Even when he set his own jealousies as far towards the back of his mind as they would go, he wasn't sure that Sherlock encouraging Ben's obsession was a good idea. The boy already idolised him, and he wasn't sure that the detective would recognise his infatuation in time to stop Ben's heart from breaking.
The sight of Peters' thin face gave John pause; he wasn't sure what he'd been expecting, but given the man's line of work the wiry, rat-faced man peering carefully around the door wasn't it. Were it not for the tattered mess of his left ear John might have thought they had the wrong house.
Will Kemp cleared his throat obnoxiously from behind them, and John almost laughed at the picture they might make; he seated, his neck craned to see the younger man stood so close behind him John could feel the heat from his body, arms thrown wide as though struck by lightning. He stood quickly to greet the newcomer.
"I will put my own people onto it," Mycroft told him, standing up and brushing non-existent dust from his trousers. "They have methods of contacting him that your street urchins cannot comprehend."
"You said something about the April stock crashes?" Dimmock prompts impatiently. Sherlock, visibly buzzing with excitement, nods quickly.
when he was completely high on the thrill of a case, and John had apparently come to associate the endearment with impending danger. Not that that ever put him off. "If you're uncomfortable at any point, just say so and we'll stop. I'm sure every bit of this activity will be enlightening."
He said it playfully, as much the teasing master as the jealous suitor, but Sherlock did not miss the slightly bitter undertone to the words. He paused for a moment as though considering his words, and John marvelled for a moment at the sheer complexity of the emotion crossing his friend's angular face. The highest tier of their audience would surely see that Sherlock was besotted with the man before him, and yet John had no trouble believing that Orsino would miss it, completely absorbed in his own wretched longings.
Sherlock shook his head. It didn't seem right. People were always eager to put shoes on after leaving the swimming pool to avoid getting wet feet, so how could they take away a pair that wasn't theirs by accident? And it was highly unlikely that someone whose friend had just had a fit and died would think to grab his shoes. "
John raised an eyebrow. "The docks?" he indulged, knowing that Sherlock only hadn't provided the explanation because he seemed to like it when John acknowledged that he couldn't follow his incredible chains of reasoning.
Oddly, John didn't find this particularly reassuring. He didn't dare look at the co-star that had sprinted onto the stage at the last minute until he was ready to say his first line; he didn't trust Will not to have found someone on the street or even in the audience who claimed to know all the lines but would in fact rely heavily on the stage-hand's prompts.
The boy's dark eyes flicked over and fixed on John; his assailant followed his gaze and froze when he saw what the younger boy was looking at. "Watson," he said, smiling gruesomely. John smiled back, thin and mirthless.
despite its author's preference for another name. "I'll be there," he said instead. He found the idea of Sherlock and his more official counterparts investigating the case without him strangely panicking, as though without him they were likely to miss something that he would be able to pick up on.
wounds and not just the barbed insults and potentially devastating consequences of them being found out.
"I do not share your appreciation for the criminal," Julien explained. "Nor your attitude towards missing classes."
got better reviews than everyone expected given how old the play was, and then… naturally when he got
A week ago, John would have been rather angry at this cavalier approach. Now, though, he's having trouble keeping his bum on his seat at the thought that Sherlock
The boy nodded seriously and took off. John frowned after him. "Is it okay for Lestrade to know where they live?" he asked his friend. "I mean - can't he arrest them, or something? If they're just living in an abandoned house?"
John shrugged. "We are working together - our characters are romantically entangled. We need to spend time together to establish that kind of chemistry."
They laid the dead woman down as gently as they could manage on the floor of the dingy cottage; Lestrade looked as though he were holding back his gag reflex with great difficulty as they bent back to the nails in the base of the coffin, Sherlock prising them up with relative ease until they could lift the second lid and discard it on the floor.
The detective raised an eyebrow dismissively. "If she used her brain as much as she used her voice perhaps I would."
His hands on me were so different to my own. I wasn't expecting it at all, the influx of pleasure so mind-shattering that it got to the stage where I knew that if I let go I would have passed out. And I just couldn't.
John smiled. "Just do a slow lavolta," he compromised, leading the opening galliard step at Sherlock's brisk nod. They danced for a few moments, John fighting the urge to say something else under its cover. "Sorry for kissing you before," he relented finally. "I should have at least given you some warning."
to so badly had to mean that he'd been important. Once upon a time, John Watson – whoever he had been – had been important to him.
They had been standing out in the wind for the better part of ten minutes before Jim sauntered up to them. "What did I miss?" he asked nonchalantly, eyeing the blond teacher, who was flapping his hands animatedly at someone in Cuxton blue.
John smirked at the implication that not much of it had. He certainly felt a lot more confident, though Sherlock had explained his theory that he could answer the questions because the information was already in the front of his mind. He wasn't sure he believed all the things that his classmate had claimed to know about the mind, especially after he'd mentioned that the theories came from Muggles. "Okay," he countered quickly. "Patronus time."
The detective grinned. "Ah, yes," he said. "A young actor I've worked with before. What he lacks in technique he makes up with enthusiasm and I think the role would be a fantastic way to develop his technique."
"Be aware of the path you are choosing, Lady Brackenstall," Sherlock cautioned darkly. John shot him a glance, slightly amused at the almost unconsciously theatrical delivery .
Even when my legs give up on me and manoeuvre me to the sofa, my eyes refuse to leave the door. I'm still not quite sure what just happened, or how I'm supposed to react. I suppose that's rather ironic; generally John's brain ticks along so slowly I'm not quite sure how he manages to live at all, and yet today he moved so fast I couldn't keep up and I've been right royally left behind.
like a woman just having received an unexpected compliment. John smiled broadly and patted the shoulder his hand still lay upon as though reluctant to leave.
The broad-shouldered man sobered with a tight smile. "Of course. Constable - if you would all like a seat…" he gestured to the chairs around the desks that formed a circle, with a space in the centre where a model might stand. He let Lestrade sit in the closest one, but when Sally Donovan went to sit beside him, the blond cut in front of her to pull it out for her as though she were a well-born lady. "Miss Donovan," he said politely.
He licked his lips obviously when Julien opened his eyes, stilling the resulting shudder with palms pressed into prominent hipbones, and plunged straight in, taking as much of Julien's member into his mouth as he comfortably could in one go and pressing his hand to the other boy's mouth as he let out a too-loud noise of surprised pleasure. Julien chuckled against his hand when he realised what he'd done, his chest heaving with heavy pants as Sherlock slowly attempted to work his way down further. His jaw was stretched almost impossibly tight and he was sure it would hurt in the morning, but it was a pleasant sort of stretch, and the weight of the organ against his tongue was not unpleasant either. Julien's hands inserted themselves in his hair again and he found he didn't mind.
"Oh, God, you can't possibly want this," John gasped, steering Sherlock's backward shuffle towards the sofa nonetheless. "Please tell me you want this."
John advanced slowly on Sherlock, who pretended not to care, as he gave Richard's rather long speech to guilt-trip Anne, almost falling to one knee again before deciding against it in case the ground prevented him from getting up again.
, perhaps he and Holmes ought to discover what they were like together before they saw the script and had to make serious decisions.
Sherlock followed the Doctor's lead, placing his hands where the lanky man directed them. The console was warm under his fingertips, and Sherlock felt almost
He cast a Silencing charm even though he did not expect to be disturbed; no-one really used the dormitories for anything other than sleeping and while John would probably come back to check on him after Quidditch practice, that wouldn't be for hours yet and he would have plenty of time to turn back into himself and clean everything up.
seemed to find it unsettling that he could switch from that to the vibrancy of his emotions on stage so smoothly, but John had seen the other side to him. While involved in his detective work Sherlock seemed a whole different person, energetic and elated and so
My mind fills with possible things John and I could do together; I suddenly have to hide from him the fact that all the blood in my body has shunted between my legs so fast I feel lightheaded.
Sherlock laughed, dipping his head down into another urgent kiss but breaking away again before the point of no return. "My bedroom's closer," he said quickly, grabbing John's hand and dragging him up the stairs behind him.
The Constable rolled his eyes. "I said I'd take the case," he reiterated. "John, I'll need to speak to you about it. Without Sherlock present. You knew this Anderson, you spoke to him before he disappeared."
The lovers made their customary clamour at the opposite stage door, and John slunk back from the stage and out his own door for the painting of their own eyelids. He had to admit that the young actors had always grasped the horror that he found in the mistaken love-spells, though he usually found their Demetrius portrayed it clearer than their Lysander: tonight, though, he heard the helpless cry of
Without warning, Ben yanked himself out of John's grip with a huff, stalking away from him. John tried very hard not to look at him, to keep his gaze locked with Sherlock's as though holding a dagger at bay.
John hummed. The detective took a sharp breath in and seemed to rouse himself. "Well, I suppose that's that," he said briskly. "John, we ought to be going - if we make our way to the South Bank now we can perhaps get some time in the Globe before it opens for the afternoon."
were the format that actors were given scripts in. An actor was given their part rather than the entire script; they would get, at most, the last sentence, at least, the last word of the line before their own. Shakespeare often used this to his advantage by repeating the cued word several times.
was really rather an apt description of Sherlock, John mused, even as he winced at Bill's threatening tone. The only reason he hadn't considered the fact that Bill seemed to treat Sophie as a younger sister when he had solidified his relationship with her was that it really hadn't crossed his mind that he could hurt her like this. He hadn't ever planned for a situation where something – or someone - would be so much more important to him that it wouldn't even register in his mind that he shouldn't be doing what he was. But then,
Sherlock mock-bristled at the comment. "Unfortunately my playing the man in this scenario would completely defeat the purpose of the exercise," he retorted idly, turning in John's grip until they were facing one another. "And I thought you were doing remarkably well in that role."
"I'm delighted to hear it." The three of them turned at the sound of the playwright's voice; Will stood behind them leaning against the wall, grinning broadly. "Welcome aboard, Master Holmes."
Sherlock sank back into the cold concrete of the wall behind him, his fingers tugging at John's jacket to keep their mouths and bodies together; John took the hint and shifted onto one knee, hovering awkwardly over the taller boy, letting his hands fall onto Sherlock's chest to prop him up. When he pulled away this time, Sherlock was panting, his throat undulating with each breath. John's eyes automatically gravitated towards the pale column of flesh; without putting too much thought into it, he leaned forwards and sank his teeth into it.
I nod shortly. "That does explain everything adequately. It's all right, Lady Hilda. Your secret is safe with us."
John laughed gleefully, squeezing Sherlock's hand. Lestrade looked from one to the other with an expression that suggested he didn't know whether to be amused or disgusted so he'd gone for resigned instead. "Yeah, of course," he said, flapping his arms. "Come back to me when you don't look like you're about to jump each other in my office."
"God, yes," John agreed, lifting himself enough to get his own hand around Sherlock's, tightening their grip and speeding up his thrusts, clearly beginning a race to climax. Sherlock bit his lip, but it didn't stop the noises spilling from his mouth, frantic gasps and whimpers because John felt
Mrs Hudson scampers down the stairs again. John clambers to his feet and catches his best friend's eye; both men succumb to a snort of laughter. Sherlock turns to greet his client, but John chuckles and spins him back around. "Look," he says gently, calculatedly reaching a hand up to the detective's cheek. "You've got cheesecake all over your face." He brushes his thumb through a streak of boysenberry at the corner of Sherlock's mouth and for a moment considers that they're close enough to kiss.
," he moaned again, his hands nestling into his pubic hair, feeling the heat from his cock as it twitched at the sound of his name so passionately in John's voice. Suddenly frantic, he fixed his hand around it and pulled, groaning desperately at the feeling of the broom callouses on his palm as he stroked it up and down his – John's – cock. He tried to go slowly, dipping his other hand down to fondle John's testicles, larger than his own and
"Shh," John cut him off, placing a finger over his lips. They parted underneath it as Sherlock made an odd noise, the words stopping dead in his throat. "I don't think we're supposed to," he told the taller boy.
to make him come. Now the only thing that remained was to work out exactly how to let the doctor know that Sherlock wanted that too, desperately,
"Then my business started doing better. I met Mrs Hudson. She… cared. I hardly knew her, and she force-fed me homemade muffins until I threw up and collapsed on her sofa." Sherlock's face has dropped its carefully closed expression in favour of a warm smile. "We came back to London together. I was carefully building myself a proper family, a proper
I'm not sure if he means what I think he means, but I can't be blamed for interpreting it like that, so I lean my head down towards his anyway; each little doubt is obliterated when he tips up his chin into a tiny, sweet kiss.
He slides his hand around to Sherlock's other shoulder and gently eases him closer, half-expecting to be slapped away again; but the detective sighs and leans against him. "I'm so sorry. I feel awful – this is why I tried to make you think I wasn't interested, because I didn't know if I could ever follow through. Now I've led you on and then let you down. John, I'm sorry."
-looking, and he knew without remembering anything that the doctor had not been broken when they had met before. Because they
"He wanted to suggest someone he's worked with before to play his twin brother," John's friend replied easily. John began to change into his toga in an attempt to not look too interested, but was met with a wry smile for his efforts. "And he had a few suggestions for further development of
John only bit him harder, but Sherlock pulled himself reluctantly away and yanked the phone out of his jacket pocket. "Lestrade?" he answered impatiently.
Bill shrugged again, but they were both grinning. "The earlier question still stands. He must have been quite something to make you forget about Sophie.
He grinned as Julien got to his knees again, sitting on his heels and sliding his cool fingers up from Sherlock's knees to his thighs before lowering his head again.
Sherlock didn't have an adequate response to that. It was completely true, and he knew it. "You could have had this case solved
John grins and settles himself back against the headboard, plucking his own cup of tea from the tray. A sense of elation seeps gently through him; it appears Sherlock is in a good enough mood to indulge his plans for today. He wasn't being evasive in his earlier assessment; he really doesn't know where they'll go or what they'll do, but he knows he wants to spend the day being John and Sherlock, flatmates and best friends, rather than Sherlock Holmes and the Doctor Watson that helplessly tags along behind him.
His new friend set aside the crusty end of his roll and leaned forward on his elbows nonchalantly. "I am offering to take you back up to your room and – how is it said here? –
"Where you were posted during your military service," Holmes continued, helping him to heft the man back into place between them. "Eight, nine years ago? The biggest concern for the British Army was the Spanish sympathy with the French Catholics. You would have been sent to Ireland or France, which was it?"
John shrugged. "Not quite this much, but there are usually a few people who just saw us play. Will loves it. Wait until later - the crowd dies down a little, and then the doxies turn up." Sherlock made a face. "Not really interested in that kind of woman?" John asked, trying to sound casual instead of intensely interested in
Something inside him spontaneously combusts. He draws in a sharp breath before he passes out, but Sherlock elbows him in the side. "
There were murmured voices through the speaker – the Doctor arguing with Fitzherbert, no doubt. Sherlock sighed at the Doctor's muffled shout of, "Right! I'm coming down!" obviously aimed at the speaker, and then wondered whether it was worth sitting down. He'd been standing rigidly still ever since he'd discovered his extra shadow, and the phantom 'restless leg syndrome' was beginning to set in. He allowed his brain to wander off on that tangent – what was it about knowing that your body is not allowed to twitch, move, or blink that made it want so desperately to do so?
"I'm not the first one to try to pick that lock," the detective interrupted, withdrawing the instrument and replacing the box in the cupboard. "It wasn't Lady Brackenstall who removed those jewels."
could teach you, and you could remember it to keep a piece of him with you." Sherlock bit the inside of his bottom lip to prevent it from trembling. He'd followed the Doctor around the block and into the police-box with the idea in mind to forget about John. What had he been thinking? He couldn't
He let himself into the Globe as quietly as he could, listening to the rising sounds of voices coming from the stage; once the heavy door eased shut behind him he could identify the familiar sounds of Sherlock and Molly's voices rising and falling in smooth pentameter. Having avoided their attention successfully, John slipped into the front row of the stands to watch them.
John Watson; the sound of it made him start slightly, automatically straightening his back. Suddenly he could feel his heartbeat in his ears as though it were being caused by someone else, feel the adrenaline coursing through his muscles with the cool certainty that his body would obey him if he told it to fight or flee. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, his former fears evaporating. Discharged or not, he was Captain John Watson, and he hadn't been promoted that far for nothing. If things turned ugly in any way he would handle it because that was what he'd used to train for.
at him for a bit, wants to be able to see the affection and, yes, maybe even the desire, leak out of his eyes and his pale lips and the very pores of his skin, wants him to look up and maybe say –
John's eyes narrowed slightly, as though he was critical of this plan, but he didn't say anything. Sherlock turned away from him and stared out of the window at the grey clouds building around them.
Apparently satisfied, Sherlock returned to her, still frowning intently. "There was a man in front of the window. He struck me across the face and I lost consciousness, and when I regained it he had pulled down the curtains and was using the fringes to tie me to this chair."
"Did he say anything when he came back? I don't mean to be annoying, but… did he look pleased? I just… I just want to know whether he thinks Neville is still alive or not."
The scene was a mess; the bedside table had been knocked over, its contents strewn over the floor. The body was on the floor beside it, evidently having upended it when it fell off the bed. John whistled lowly.
is the important part of the Unforgivables. So the Incolumus Charm is designed to cloak the caster's mind, if you like, so that the Unforgivable Curse has no target and it just dissipates. It takes a huge amount of concentration to hold the charm for any length of time."
The boy remained stiff to the embrace and lavish kiss Demetrius bestowed upon him, as though still unwilling to believe that the man was truly in love with him. John had had endless arguments with both actors and audience members as to the nature of Demetrius' love for Helena once they had left the land of magic.
"Sherlock Holmes and John Watson," the detective provided easily. "We are currently representing Constable Lestrade."
The detective frowned, acknowledging the point. "I didn't think there would be," he replied. "But someone will have seen her with Slessinger. Any more information on the people she associated with in Sussex could be useful. And that's information that even Lestrade will have been able to collect."
of triumph and tucking them into his pocket. "I said I'd meet Molly before ten, I should have left already."
Constable Lestrade stopped mid-run when they entered the spacious kitchen and was immediately knocked almost to the floor by a number of smaller children, giggling and shrieking with joy. John couldn't suppress a chuckle at the scene; even Donovan was laughing, her curls falling across her face as she caught the little girl running at her and lifted her onto her hip. Sherlock raised a dispassionate eyebrow at them. "Ready?" he asked, a touch of dry amusement colouring his voice. Lestrade stood up, leaving his hand clasped in both of a small boy's. "The undertaker was irritatingly stiff-lipped, so we have no choice but to smoke them out."
"Well, other than being late, it was a whole lot more interesting than General McAuliffe," he replied nonchalantly, feeling the tense, tightly-strung atmosphere relax as Jim blinked and looked away. John marvelled at how the boy controlled everything, like a spider in the middle of a web – he suddenly wondered whether that made him some kind of trapped insect, and how quickly he could get away. It was ever-so-slightly uncanny, the way he'd seemed so calm even held mere inches away from Carl Powers' face with a death-grip to the upper arm that would probably bruise. "How was English, other than your less-than-appropriate remark about some girl's cleavage?"
The article was on page three of the paper, a small article with a head-and-shoulders shot of the boy –
"I do masturbate, John. It's a necessary evil. Every once in a while the human body must release tension."
"They were handed into a store in Moregate," he answered after a rather deep breath. "One of my homeless network recognised the emerald necklace. And, incidentally, the messenger."
did and he could never really understand why - surely it would be easier just to continue doing it the other way around. He looked at T'Penya. "Could you do that?" he asked her.
Sherlock took his hand and used it to help himself stand, so close that their chests were touching. John wrapped both arms around the detective's waist and tugged him yet closer, pushing their groins together. He felt a distinctive twitch in the other man's trousers and had to close his eyes and bite the inside of his lip for a moment to prevent a similar stirring in his own. When he felt the coast was clear, he leaned forwards and pressed their lips together, softly and more romantically than before, feeling the pull of their bodies against each other.
. If you want to read the whole play, which I am always going to recommend (and not just because this chapter may read better if you do), you can find an online copy
John nods, frowning. One can almost see the cogs grinding behind the skin of his forehead. "Maybe –"
of him," the boy replied. "He used to play all the time when I was little. He was the one that made me want to act. By the time I joined a company he'd gone abroad. In and out of Italy, I heard. He probably played with
He almost walked into Sherlock as he finally left the stage, standing close to the door and fidgeting slightly. "Sherlock," he hissed as he recovered his balance without falling back out of the door.
"You did the right thing," Sherlock interrupted tiredly. "The Lady's safety was paramount. Mycroft's people are still looking for Peters, they'll find them."
He frowns at it. "No, it's not," he argues. "It's a biomed textbook, I remember using it in med school."
Sherlock frowned at the Doctor as he clicked off the speaker and turned to leave. If they were correct, and the Vashta Nerada were only hanging around his ankles as a scare tactic, moving couldn't do Sherlock any more harm than staying terribly still. "You could open the observation room with your screwdriver," Sherlock told the Doctor suspiciously. "Why do we need them to meet us there?"
She looks at Sherlock again, as though for confirmation that this was the right argument, but of course it's a lost cause. The consulting detective glances at John before making a gesture to continue. "I'm assuming there was a point to that statement, Mrs St. Claire."
"The night I found out Stewart was dead," she murmured, her tone of voice making it quite clear she'd hoped she'd never have to talk about this again. "I… I went out. I wanted to drink to forget, you know - Amy, my flatmate, wasn't there, or she would have tried to stop me. I ended up drunk enough that when a man invited me into an alley it seemed like a good idea, until he put his hands on me, and then when I said no he gave me these," she gestured towards her face, "and then walked off."
The detective tipped his head to one side curiously. "Not as Raymond Slessinger," he said quietly, taking back the letter and tucking it swiftly back into his coat pocket. "But it can't be a coincidence. And if that man is who I think he is…" he shook his head shortly.
he called, holding out his arms and delighting a little when the detective obediently trotted over to him.
"John," he said softly once they drew apart; John smiled at him encouragingly. "I - the floor isn't particularly comfortable."
He pulled his standard-issue notepad out of his back pocket – God knew why he still carried it around but it did come in handy every now and then – and repeated the message on that. The landlady sat down at her table to scribble a reply.
Sherlock finished, gesturing to each item of clothing as it was mentioned and then standing back with arms folded.
The sofa behind me depresses as she sits down and her hand rubs my back through my shirt. "Oh, Sherlock," she says softly.
Apparently Sherlock didn't mind being the centre of attention, as long as he didn't have to acknowledge the people who were paying him that attention.
O, he was gentle, mild, and virtuous!" He settled once more for wringing his hands in grief, glancing back over at Will and his group, that seemed to have assumed the role of the entourage around his dead husband.
He didn't stop until he reached the boarding of the street outside, forcing John to run to keep up and almost collide with the back of him. "Are you okay?" John asked, though he had a strong suspicion that Sherlock had simply had an idea and wished to follow it up as quickly as possible without regard to either of the other people who had been in the room.
"One of the inn's employees spotted them arguing on the street while she was off-duty. She was trying to walk away from him and he kept following her trying to speak to her. I spoke to the employee - the only thing she managed to overhear was the Lady's final shout for him to leave her alone. The inkeep said that that evening Lady Carfax stopped him and asked him not to let anyone matching that description into the inn."
" he continued. Though he started soft, John could hear him working himself back into his previous frenzy.
John smiled thoughtfully, watching the small boy round the corner eagerly. He wondered yet again how easy it would have been for someone with Sherlock's gifts and disposition to shut himself off from the world, use his mind to study and further his own knowledge without ever giving back at all, to shun ordinary people as inferior. But Sherlock surrounded himself with decent people like Lestrade and Molly and Billy, people who were kinder than they had to be and strove to help people in the same way Sherlock himself did. "You're extraordinary," he commented idly.
Sherlock's back was to him, but John could see the eye-roll anyway. "Obviously. You want to be a doctor. Your father wanted you to join the Earth army, but your sense of adventure and your mother's fears for your safety caused you to enlist in Starfleet and take medical courses instead. You're carrying a copy of
John laughed, but it sounded forced. "You just… don't seem to be interested in sex at all," he said, shrugging lightly. He rested his chin on the sensitive spot just beneath the head of Sherlock's penis, grinning as Sherlock made a strangled noise and shifted his hips restlessly.
He looked up at the Doctor's sharp cough and note of warning, automatically withdrawing his hand. The Timelord was watching him with a heavy frown over his eyes. "Keep away from the shadows," he said in the same terse voice so unlike the boyish roll he'd heard so much of previously.
for relaxing and enjoying the sensations evoked by a bath. By the time he had had the opportunity to enjoy a proper one, he'd forgotten there was something pomegranate-scented he could enjoy it with. He hummed approval and let John go so that he could fish it out of the cupboard and dispense some into the bath.
John pries his lips away from his flatmate's and steps back, putting a fair amount of distance between them so he can't jump the younger man again. "Sherlock," he pants. "We can't do this."
Like this, it only takes me five minutes before I've dissected everything it's possible to gain from Hutchinson's notes, and my eyelids feel heavy, my stomach full and content, so I sigh and slide down the headboard until I'm lying down beside John. He fell asleep facing me, and I can feel the tiny breeze of his toothpaste-scented breath stirring against my pores. I wonder if John would let me think beside him while he sleeps more often.
"I guess so," John replied, answering both Sherlock's and Billy's question at once. He looked down at the boy. "Thanks, again," he said brightly, and hurried off down the alley to catch up with the actor.
it's overwhelming, and I don't think I can deal with that long-term, but I can't ask him to tone it down for me and I wouldn't want him to. We're just so different that it was exciting, that's all, but it could never actually
First degree is obviously the Ladies themselves: Carfax," he pinned a sketch that looked as if it had been copied directly from the one that Lestrade was holding to the blank wall; "and Brackenstall." He pinned another, looser sketch to the opposite end of the wall. They looked as though they had been drawn by the same hand.
There was a pause while John thought about this. Again, it made a lot of sense, but wasn't a conclusion John felt like he could have come up with on his own. "That's… um… that makes sense."
Ben was still at the theatre when they arrived but Emilia was long gone; the boy was in mid-flow on the stage surrounded by the rest of the company, Will bouncing on the balls of his feet and mouthing the lines along with him. The playwright turned at the sound of the ground doors opening, a mixture of relief and disapproval on his face. John hadn't bothered to check how long ago he had asked them to be there.
her." The Doctor stared at him for another moment, then clapped him on the back. "Stops me worrying about your timeline, anyway," he said brightly.
They were greeted with another hearty cheer and round of applause as they entered the pub, a fair portion of their audience having apparently beaten them there. Sherlock smiled awkwardly as half the packed pub patted him on the back and praised his performance with lascivious looks until Will took pity on him and dragged him to the bar, bellowing at the crowd to leave his actors alone.
Sherlock pulls back, and John very quickly lets go of him and shifts backwards on the settee to give him a bit of space. Too far. No tongue.
"I have sensitive follicles," he defended. "When people play with my hair it's like static electricity - my whole scalp sort of crackles. It's difficult to formulate an appropriate response to that feeling in public, so I style my hair carefully because I don't want to have to touch it. And I
He closed his eyes, his swallow loud in the otherwise-silent bedroom. "All right," he whispered. He swallowed again, watching flames dance in John's eyes as he smiled. "All right."
John couldn't help but bristle. "Are you suggesting Lady Brackenstall provoked him to violence?" he asked.
I forced a smile when I shook his hand, still thinking about John. He's been acting funny for weeks now, ever since that case with the missing racehorse. I know what it's about, of course. I overheard him talking to Lestrade after we found the cigar ash in the miner case.
John tried to gasp in surprise, obviously having forgotten that this was coming, but Sherlock tightened his fingers incrementally and he stopped. He wasn't holding John's neck tightly enough to actually cut off his air supply, but it was enough that it couldn't be comfortable, and John struggled instinctively, shifting his weight onto his legs in order to lift his hands to clutch at Sherlock's fingers.
grin but Montgomery's, the one he had had last night right before he had leaned forward and taken Sherlock's breath away. Sherlock huffed in a sharp breath before pushing that memory out of his mind and adopting the sly, predatory smile he had taken on as the killer's. "Where would you like to start?" John growled.
Sherlock starts when Lady Trelawney-Hope opens the door. "Oh!" he says cheerfully, his 'normal' smile slapping itself onto his face. "You've had a haircut, my Lady."
Finally, the revolver empties itself out and the noise settles out into a woman's fast, heavy breathing. Then the door slams shut, and then nothing.
The detective snorted and shook his head, finally looking back at him. "They wouldn't," he said softly. "I didn't go either. If you'd gone you would have just sat there. I was too… it wasn't anything like what I'd told myself I wanted. We just weren't ready." He looked down at his gloves, fingers toying distractedly with the hem of the leather. "You didn't say anything either. I thought you… I knew you
"Excuse me," a deep, honeyed voice interrupted. John looked up to see a tanned blond in army uniform leaning comfortably against the back of the seat in front of him. "This seat's free, isn't it? 15C?"
John had to bite the inside of his cheek rather hard at the suggestion, feeling his stomach tighten and the low buzz of orgasm loom frighteningly close. He groaned helplessly, burying his face in Sherlock's shoulder. "Oh God," he repeated. "I
"Oh, God," he says, taking a step back; bile rises in his throat, choking the beats and urgings of his heart. "Oh, Sherlock, I'm so sorry."
Then the John on the bed broke away from their kisses to place one final press of lips onto the Vulcan's forehead, holding him close and stroking tender fingers through his thick curls. The John in the doorway swallowed.
Milverton gets up and now John, too, is straining to see the newcomer. "About bloody time," the criminal growls, his voice deep and rough. "You're almost half an hour late."
Once he had retrieved his wand from where he must have dropped it somewhere along the way Sherlock kissed him shyly, his large hands running smooth trails up and down his back. "Will you fuck me?" he asked quietly, arching an earnest eyebrow.
Five minutes in the fresh air calms him down enormously. "God, I'm sorry," he says finally. "I didn't mean to get quite this drunk, I know you don't like it. They're just…"
"Okay," he says. Sherlock leans back against the wall, looking exhausted, as John grabs his phone and his coat and his wallet and leaves the flat, letting out the tears as soon as the door closes behind him.
John wasn't sure that the thin servant had the authority to do that, and judging by Sherlock's tiny smile, the detective wasn't either. Lestrade, though, set a little heavier into his defensive stance, as though to bodily prevent Sherlock from looking at anything confidential. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, but moved straight on to rattling the top drawer of the desk without further comment.
Well, bloody hell. John wonders if Sherlock can feel his pulse cantering away like a rogue racehorse under his fingers as they tiptoe down the passageway and into what might possibly be a room. He can't quite tell because his eyes haven't adjusted to the dark yet, and Sherlock's hand is like an anchor, burning his skin where they are touching, the only thing he can be sure of.
overwhelming rather than pushing until Sherlock drowned in it. He wasn't sure he liked it: it was too familiar, too
The detective tipped his head to one side, clearly considering it. "Perhaps you're right," he mused.
But at twenty-seven years of age, Sherlock was only three years John's junior, and certainly able to make his own romantic and sexual decisions. John wasn't going to fool himself that the idea of being
, the one that actually related to the case, seemed a fairly good and solid one. But the easiest way in which to assess its plausibility was to carry on what he and John had started the night before, and after his incredible reaction to
at the accessory he'd picked up from the theatre before putting it on, but he had to admit that his choosing such a conspicuous one had its advantages. "And a pint of lager for John here. And I know it's short notice, but if we could have a room in the back? We're waiting on a few friends but they'll be here in about five minutes."
Sherlock flicked his coat out behind him as he sat where she was indicating. "I'm a consulting detective," he said, as though this explained anything instead of confusing her further. "I am not associated with Her Majesty's Justices, but on this instance I am assisting Constable Lestrade in his investigations."
Sherlock let out a breath into Julien's dark hair as his cock freed itself from his trousers. He didn't think he'd
She giggled – John wondered what he'd said that was funny – and shook her hair back gently from her shoulders. "Oh, it was fantastic. Sunny every day, really beautiful. What about your holidays?"
On the third landing he heard a low, familiar voice. John's eyes narrowed and he stopped on the stairs, slowing down until his footsteps were soundless.
My phone tries to drill a hole in the table by vibrating hard enough to wake the dead. That phone is the bane of my life; forget autocorrect, it makes noises at the most inappropriate times.
Sherlock adjusted his tie and tucked his shirt back in. "No, thank you. This is sufficient," he said briskly.
He appraised the other boy. "Mine's at the end of a corridor," he said finally. "So it's slightly more private. Also, being the 'new kid', people are likely to go knocking on your door to try and introduce themselves. I assume you don't want to deal with that?"
When he came down, he sat up shakily to see the other boy spitting into his rubbish bin. He'd expected something like that; he couldn't imagine it would taste very nice. Julien looked up at him, but he was smiling. "Unusual," the boy criticised slowly. "Bitter."
, baby doll. You said you had photographs proving that Rupert Grint and Julie Walters are having an affair?"
John's stomach twisted and he took an almost involuntary step forwards to comfort the girl; Lady Brackenstall held up a hand as though to prevent him from doing so. He halted, glancing at Sherlock. It had been a long time since he'd dealt with nobility for anything more than a 'thank you' as they complimented his performance. Sherlock shook his head minutely. When he turned back to the maid, she had withdrawn to pick up a bowl of cool water and begin to press it to the bruise on her lady's face.
"Tonight," Sherlock answered before John had even finished speaking. His impossible eyes were glowing as they scanned John's face carefully, but there was something hesitant behind them, as though he was afraid John would laugh. "This. Us. Just doing something with a friend and being content." John could feel his heartbeat pushing at the walls of his throat; he tried to swallow, but he couldn't. Sherlock was frowning, and his eyes were darting from John's eyes to his lips and back again, and as he took a hesitant, loaded step forward John couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't
John watched him for a moment, his blue eyes narrowed. "Are you saying you want to role-play S&M sex with me?"
capacity. They had spent time together every day since they met - on the days where they did not perform the new
So Sherlock sets off past Speedy's and John, revelling in the normality of the arrangement, follows. They walk in a comfortable silence for so long that it takes a moment before he registers that Sherlock has spoken. "Sorry?"
"If Hamlet's motivation really was lust for Gertrude, then Gertrude wouldn't have completely faded from the play after their bedroom scene," Sherlock interrupted violently. "If characters were people and had legitimate motivations, her story would have been more important. We don't get told how Gertrude feels about the Mousetrap or Hamlet and Laertes fighting because it doesn't
The canopy above his head shimmered and changed until it reflected him back to himself, John's body stretched out indolently on red and gold Gryffindor sheets, come splattered over his abdomen and smeared over his lips.
He listened to Viola's opening exchange with the sailor without paying it more attention than an admiration of the smooth femininity of his friend, focusing instead on his next scene. He had devoted so much thought to rehearsing with Sherlock and the complexities of how Orsino could be played that he had barely remembered that Will had asked him to play Sir Toby Belch as well. He looked up at the other players busily preparing themselves for the next scene and caught the eye of Mike Stamford, who had been in the company almost as long as John himself, testing out a rather petulant gesture with his round cheeks already red with effort, and smiled guiltily. Stamford grinned at him.
The boy raised a suggestive eyebrow, not looking at all rattled by the implication. "And that touched a nerve?" he asked, grinning cheekily.
"My clothes not fancy enough for you?" he teased, dipping back in for kiss after biting, domineering kiss. Sherlock grunted in frustration. John reached up and grabbed his hands. "Shh. Let me do it."
"How could shoes be incriminating?" John asked, still not buying the argument – even if he had to admit that it made more sense than he would ever have come up with on his own.
John stared at him until he shrank back slightly in his seat. "I think I'll be confiscating that," he said firmly. The redhead mock-deflated.
"But -" he started in surprise, a sharp inhale escaping before he could control his mouth. It was a skilled rendition, and the face was jarringly familiar: the blonde hair and pale skin he'd glimpsed as Mycroft handed it over framed clear blue eyes and rosebud lips curled into a secret, mysterious sort of smile. "That's Lady Brackenstall," he protested, looking up at the detective in confusion.
Bill frowned at him. "Okay," he said, in a tone of voice that quite plainly said the opposite. "It's your decision, John."
The woman crossed her arms, glancing behind her. John looked: the floor right outside his office was covered in a thin film of dust. "They disintegrated," she explained, grimacing. "They weren't happy about it. The screaming was awful."
He brought it up as they swept out of the inn with an abrupt farewell to Angelo. "You and Will have a lot in common," he said idly. Sherlock raised a curious eyebrow at him, still fastening his coat over his sternum. "Have you considered spending time with him outside of the theatre? I think you'd get on really well."
Sherlock chuckled weakly. "I think it's too late," he replied, adjusting his shirt where a button was digging into his skin.
They stood there for a moment, staring out across the bleak landscape of the planet. Sherlock could understand why it had taken a further million years for life to form here; it was dry and crumbling and if the Doctor's mention of burning and suffocating was any indication, swelteringly hot. After such a pause the Timelord sprang into action like a clockwork mouse. "All right. Shall we continue?" he asked brightly. Sherlock gave him a wry sort of look before following him back into the TARDIS.
he snapped, standing over John and glaring at him as the audience propped him back onto his feet with a few muttered bawdy comments,
John chuckled, his voice that low and seductive rumble it had been last night, and followed Sherlock, leaning casually across him to put down his own mug of tea on the table and glance down at the summary. Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of John's hair.
"I have a theory," Sherlock exaggerated briskly, striding into the kitchen and filling the kettle. "But it relies on Charlotte knowing the latest victim. If she didn't, it's more likely that her knowing the others was just coincidence. While we wait for Lestrade to call it would be beneficial to go over the latest murder, perhaps get an idea of what it was that made her strangle him early."
The younger man shrugs. "Were there words I could have used that would have made you see how much I hate it when you do that? Or would you have just kept on telling me I was being childish and spoon-feeding me, tucking me into bed at night and elbowing me when I 'forget' my manners? Controlling me like I don't know how to live by myself? John, even my
without help. Which is probably a valid doubt, but it still makes John bristle with indignation. He tries to ignore it.
John glanced at Sherlock, who met the look with a tiny knowing smile. "Crocker," he agreed with John's unspoken thoughts. He saw Mycroft shift uncomfortably in the corner of his eye, a frown on his angular face. He probably had no idea what was going on; the idea made John a little more smug than it ought to have.
The detective grinned expectantly, a smile of knowledge shared. John, not quite having connected the pieces in his mind, stared blankly back. Sherlock sighed impatiently. "John," he explained, "that coffin was twice as tall as it was deep. Bigger on the outside than the inside. In fact, from the size of the outside, you ought to have been able to fit two of her in there."
The Doctor scoffed. "No," he dismissed, flicking a far less careful hand at a row of Chinese history books. "There will never be anything else quite like curling up with a book. Maybe it's the smell, or the texture, or just the romanticism of the
So many of his arguments focussed on long-term effects of a relationship with Sherlock that it was a problem in itself; if he went ahead and met the Cuxton boy, he would be preparing for something
The chef arrived about ten minutes ago, quietly tipping the rice onto the hot-plate and tossing it around with his spatula. Everyone else ignores him, but when he looks my way I give him a tight smile. This is probably why he chooses me as his first victim and I will never make eye contact with a chef again.
the boy, before he became one of those obnoxious, obsessed people who couldn't talk about anything other than Sherlock, Sherlock,
"That's it," Sherlock agreed, fiercely tugging his mind away from John Watson turning to face him after one of his more oblivious comments about the solar system with that adorably incredulous smile on his face. "Is that a real book? I didn't think it was."
John grinned. "I was an exceptionally bull-headed twenty year-old." Sherlock laughed. "I don't remember much, but Bill still insists that half the people at that party told me not to go that way and I kept waving them all off. I was never a very sensible drunk."
John starts forward, then registers that he's limping and stops to collect himself. It's a goddamn rifle range at a funfair, that's all. He keeps walking, without the limp. "What, are you asking me for your pocket money?" he teases. "Of course you can have a go."
"Don't be," the detective said, still frowning at him. He paused for long enough that John began to suspect he had lost his thread of reasoning and wasn't sure what to say next, before he took a sharp breath in and skittered off back to the armchair. "If that isn't evidence enough for you, Constable, there is a splash of blood on the chair in which Lady Brackenstall was sitting - the one she claims to have been tied to when her husband was murdered," he said, quickly recovering his composure. "Old blood would surely have worn off the seat by now, even if no-one had cleaned it, and in a house like this that's unlikely. It can only be Lord Brackenstall's, which means that she couldn't have been sitting there when he was killed."
," he said sharply. "The last time I got stuck in a place infested by an aggravated swarm of Vashta Nerada, someone very important to me
was something completely new. It wasn't like anything he'd done before. And I'd be very surprised given how popular it was if he didn't attempt to replicate the formula. Perhaps with a stronger lead more suited to you."
No-one that John had run into so far had noticed him, he realised; opening that door would definitely have caused even someone far less observant than Sherlock to look up. Perhaps these memory-versions of Sherlock were somehow
"I'm sure Molly would be more than eager to rehearse with you, as well," he said, smiling at the thought of the look on Ben's face when Sherlock offered and ignoring the tightness in his chest at the thought of the detective passing him over for the younger boy. Jealousy in theatre was far more trouble than it was worth - and besides, it was
to follow it. I expect that he will return to that sort of character tragedy, and I would be interested to be a part of it if he did."
"It wasn't," Sherlock lied immediately. "I didn't mean to be cruel, I just didn't know how to react and I was scared you wouldn't want me."
Sherlock finally recognised her: they'd shared the Chemistry lab during more than one lunchtime last year. "Molly," he greeted, putting a hand on her shoulder. She jumped a mile into the air and almost fell over again.
The doctor grinned cheekily. "I know it wasn't," he replied and licked a long, messy stripe up Sherlock's cheek. "But I bet he wanted it to be."
T'Penya was a young Vulcan woman who alternated her shifts between the medical bay and the xenobiology lab; when she had been enlisted to the
body underneath him, and every time he touched it it would move with him, a tiny involuntary shudder like this – he could touch it with his lips, his tongue, more sensitive than the calloused pads of his fingertips.
The Doctor smiled sadly. "No, it's not," he said offhandedly. "I tried to write it once, but the manuscript wouldn't fit into a publisher's envelope.
The last couplet he spoke tentatively, somehow managing to look up at John despite being so much taller. He wasn't quite sure how to react to so much insecurity being thrown at him by one of his servants at once; John cycled through a large number of possible reactions in his mind before settling for trying to appear interested to placate the younger man.
The DI rolls his eyes at John and bends over Sherlock's shoulder. "It's ash. Tobacco ash. See? I told you – McCarthy smokes."
"Whatever, Murray, I'm not here for you anyway," she cut off finally. Bill looked mildly deflated for a moment. "John, my friend Sally won't be here this week because her family's still in the Bahamas or someplace crazy like that. She was wondering if you could take Biology notes for her."
"An address," the detective supplied. "London's homeless are infinitely useful. Certain of the city's Constables have grown used to the idea that if they let the street children know that they are looking for me, I will get the message within the hour. In this case, Constable Lestrade put out the word and the address at which he requires my help with a murder case."
Sherlock swallowed so hard John could see it from across the theatre. Ben grinned, clearly not picking up on the tension between them. "Of course," he chirped brightly. The detective smiled tightly at him and jumped lightly from the stage. John smiled as his younger friend immediately cleared his throat and turned to an imaginary stage partner.
He hummed approval at the pressure against his scalp and finally let his face trail closer to John's groin, nosing at his balls and breathing in the earthy, base scent there. He smelt like semen and musk and arousal and
It took a few moments before he got close enough for her to realise that he was standing behind her; when she finally noticed her entire body jolted in shock and her lips moved in a sound that might have been
The British Government raises a cool eyebrow. "For the shift that you attempted to instigate in your relationship, and the subsequent disappointment you suffered at the hands of my brother."
John shrugged. "No," he said helplessly. "I didn't know much about him, really. He was fine, and then one day he wasn't, and he wouldn't talk to me about it. Then the next day he was gone."
John made a noise of half-hearted protest as Sherlock used his latex-covered hands to lift the man's penis and examine it. Sherlock turned away from it briefly in order to raise an eyebrow at his friend, the non-verbal
For a moment Sherlock hesitated, and John thought he might relent; then he let out a sound of frustration. "I have to," he apologised, turning to Peters with determination. "Move out of my way or I will move you myself."
Donovan was standing outside the interrogation room when they arrived at New Scotland Yard wearing a bitter, disgruntled expression; she sighed grumpily when she saw them, pushing the door open and attempting to stare Sherlock down as they passed her. Charlotte was sitting at a table, her cuffed hands resting on her lap, looking pale and frightened but still confused, and still with that tiny hint of smug pleasure. Sherlock frowned at her.
The detective nodded, wiping tears from under his eyes unconcernedly. "That got too complicated," he agreed. "There's too much emotion to reconcile in the final act. If we had an entire scene to think about it, perhaps, but it can't all be undone between the lines."
Sherlock stopped dead and blinked at him. "I did," he answered, as though he didn't fully understand the question.
John leaned against the doorway before he lost his balance, echoes of sensation ghosting across his body. He watched himself lick up the ridge of Sherlock's collarbone, feeling the heat and softness of his friend's skin against his real lips and tongue, suppressing the suddenly overwhelming desire to go over there and find out what Sherlock would taste like. Any chance he might have ever had of shifting his fantasies onto a more appropriate target was diminishing before his eyes: if there was the tiniest possibility that he and Sherlock could have what was in front of him now, how could he ever want anything else?
He stood up hastily and chased the taller boy to the door. "Sherlock," he called quickly, before the boy could leave.
John watched Sherlock set the scene for them with mounting apprehension, but he wasn't the only person with script in hand when he waddled back on the stage, assuming weight and drunkenness with the first step of the swagger.
John frowned. "I only stepped in at the end," he protested. "You were the one who tracked the man down."
The science officer turned away, resting his head against the wall behind him. "You didn't stay until the end," he stated quietly.
Angelo beamed again. "But nothing of his own generosity, I'm sure. Without Sherlock I would have been arrested for murder," he growled. He had a deep, gruff voice that John liked immediately.
, John repeated to himself. He wasn't sure what he thought of the fact that the detective had confided that information in Ben. At least he didn't seem to have hurt him. "It was my fault," he admitted. "I mean, the argument itself was both of us, but my last comment was unnecessary. He was only doing that thing he does, you know, where he just knows things about you."
Sherlock rubs his chin hard with the knuckles of his thumbs, struggling internally to compose his thoughts the right way. Then he looks up at John again, his eyes deadly serious. "I
at the curtain," Sherlock repeated, gesturing towards the window. John shot him an irritated look, but complied.
The curly-haired teen quirked half a smile. "I assure you, John, I have more experience with kissing men than you do. What I am unfamiliar with is the desire to kiss them before they express desire themselves. But you… I wasn't sure whether you would kiss me back, so I went slowly."
Lestrade's polite smile didn't waver, despite Sherlock's derisive snort. "Of course. We simply had reason to believe an undertaker's nearby was linked to her disappearance and we have been asking some questions of a number of their clients who requested…
"All right, enough," John told him, slapping his arm lightly. Sherlock smiled softly, but there was no amusement in the expression. "If I meant all of that to you, why didn't you come to meet me?"
He stepped out as Sherlock completed his theatrical yawn and settled to sleep on the stage. There was a tree-stump prop balanced beside him, which John perched himself on to stare at his character's one-time lover.
"He does," John agreed. "I can't help but feel extremely flattered by his attention. I have yet to actually see him act, but this side of his life certainly seems to fit his talent."
The detective smiled ruefully. "Well," he said, looking like he was winding himself up for some kind of detailed observation, but his eyes lit on the doorway and he stopped. "Billy," he said, surprised. John snapped his head around to the door; sure enough, the small boy Sherlock had been using as an informant was standing in the doorway, leaning unobtrusively against the frame as though he had been hoping not to be noticed. "How long have you been there?"
him, not something he wanted to define him; that Sherlock was a mistake that he should try to forget about.
, which had similar themes to what was going on at the time, in an attempt to rouse the public to Devereux's view. It was later proved that the Chamberlain's Men only accepted the commission because they were offered a higher pay for it.
A smile was evident in the Doctor's voice when he spoke again. Sherlock felt another of those strange rushes of affection for the alien. "
"You don't have to tell me," John assured him. "I have yet to see him act more than a few lines, but I don't think I've ever connected with anyone as quickly as I have with him. I know I'll enjoy acting with him. And I have enormous respect for any man who can successfully convince others that he is actually a woman."
Mycroft pursed his lips. Since Sherlock had left to board at Cuxton Grammar, when Mycroft had already left home, he had taken to paying people at school to report on Sherlock's behaviour and grades. His younger brother had waltzed out of university and right into a position in the government, which had done wonders for his already voyeuristic nature. He wondered sometimes how long it would be before he was plugged into the CCTV feeds.
Lestrade didn't attempt to answer, which was probably the wise choice as Sherlock had already swept off, waving the three of them into the slightly unkempt building. He gave John a weary sort of expression instead, which John accepted sympathetically.
"And now to get back at her – and you, in all probability – he's kidnapped Lady Carfax and at least one other woman," Sherlock said, rather cruelly in John's opinion. The elder Holmes quite clearly understood exactly how much he had messed up, even if John didn't. "We can't know whether the woman posing as his wife was complicit in the kidnapping or not."
John considered the question. "I was a little drunk," he admitted, "but I managed to knock out the criminal he was chasing and help him carry the unconscious thief back to some Constable's house. I think it was a good impression, just perhaps in the wrong areas. I don't think
were a deplorable idea. "I really do think that your willingness to fight so that you can help people is remarkably brave."
, as though he needed John to breathe. He'd never imagined that the half-Vulcan officer would want him so passionately: when he had allowed himself to imagine it he'd always thought that Sherlock would be slow and controlled like he was in everything else, almost unbearably teasing and sensual.
The doctor turned quickly to face him. "Mr de Richelieu," he greeted, giving a sharp military nod. Julien noticed that he did not return the compliment.
"Don't encourage him," John chided, but he was grinning. He had to agree; Carl had seemed thoroughly thrown-off by Jim. The question was, would that make him back off or hound the younger boy harder?
barman grinned, sliding a mug down the polished wood until it stopped right in front of John's crossed arms. "On the house. And you, Molly."
The consulting detective leans back in his chair, surveying her with his sharp green-grey eyes. She blushes again as his mouth curls into a lazy smile. "I really do like your haircut. Sorry, that's a bit invasive, isn't it? My sister wants a new hairstyle, it would look
The redhead handed his own passport to a woman behind him. "I've seen you date women from all over the board, but every man I ever see you with is tall and thin and pale with lots of dark, curly hair." John thinks back to all the boyfriends – and there haven't been
before giving up. Sherlock was never sure whether he should be pleased that the doctor seemed to think better of his protests or upset that he still attempted to make them.
Sherlock watches the people crossing the road to avoid them in dismay. "John – John, where are they going?" John watches them.
"Go talk to him in another room. Tell him that you know he let someone into the scene over the weekend – don't
John raised an eyebrow at Shakespeare over the table as the barman mopped up the beer Ben had spilt with a good-natured
For a moment it seemed like that would be the end: the man grumbled a little and turned back to his friends, and John turned back to Ben and Sherlock with a slight smile on his face that the two of them returned. "So, John, Molly," the taller man began, "if we can wrangle these
John had scrambled around looking for a higher window, but stumbled upon an open window to the men's changing-room instead. Jim's feet had travelled right past the window, so John had thrown caution to the wind and the window open, scrambling through it to tumble artlessly onto a bench underneath, gasping slightly on impact.
"Thank you, John," Sherlock said shortly, every muscle in his thighs struggling with the effort of keeping his hips still. John's words were flooding him with ideas of
But. John reasons, at least there's food there, and even if he's trying not to baby the detective or force him to eat, there can be limited harm in placing a dish of something in front of him to try and encourage him. "Great," he says, stepping out to join Sherlock in front of the taxi that seems to magically appear every time the tall man sticks out a hand. "I'm hungry."
"Gentler this time," he murmured softly as he felt cool shampoo drizzle over his hair. John hummed acknowledgment and focused his second shampoo on Sherlock's hair rather than his scalp, shifting and stroking the wet locks without actually touching his scalp more than necessary. Sherlock moaned, his fingers clenching on John's thigh as his groin throbbed.
John couldn't hold back the snort; he was joined by at least half the class. McAuliffe idly turned to face the two of them while John frantically tried to make his face co-operate with him to force the smile off itself. Bill, however, smiled back innocently until the teacher grunted slightly and turned away. "Right. Seventh-form statistics and modelling. Our plan for the year starts with a refresher of some very basic algebra…"
John can say without a shadow of a doubt that this is the last thing he was expecting. He can't quite help himself stuttering like Molly under pressure and opening and closing his mouth a few times like a demented Koi-carp, fighting the sensation of falling that one gets at the end of a bad dream, wondering when he'll wake up from this one. "What?" After a few seconds of his flatmate watching him in evident amusement, his brain kicks back online with the gasp of the drowning and he belatedly remembers his manners. "I mean, um… congratulations, Sherlock."
"'Zounds, no," Sherlock dismissed, grinning at the girl. "He still technically owns it, and I'm certain if he ever came back to England he would reclaim it. Luckily, I'm also certain he'll never come back. Good morning, Elizabeth," he changed tack brightly, clapping his hands together in what seemed like pure joy. "I trust you have good news for me?"
"It's too much to hope that Peters won't be aware of that," Sherlock agreed. "Our best course of action is to let him know we know, surround the house so they can't do anything when the coffin arrives until we can get Mycroft to sign a search paper."
Sherlock smiled back without looking away from the window. "Remember what?" he asked. "That I met you at that swimming pool the day after Carl Powers died, and I kissed you and we…" John blinked. Sherlock smirked.
Quickly and with a sharp intake of breath, the Doctor pulled his hands away from the keyboard and held them in the surrender position on either side of his head. Sherlock glanced behind him in case there was someone he'd missed holding a gun to his head, but there was nothing. "What?" he asked.
The faculty manager's office was down a seemingly never-ending corridor practically straight opposite the maintenance hallways. The main corridor was almost deserted compared to the swell they had had to fight through the first time. Sherlock checked his watch to see whether they had caught the hallway right between lectures, but unsurprisingly the device was still resolutely telling him that it was almost midnight on the 5th of May 2015. He'd always wondered what happened to the wristwatches of people who time-travelled as a child. Apparently they simply didn't notice.
Sherlock stopped them when Billy indicated they had reached the street, cutting himself off in the middle of another biting insult to Lestrade. "Billy, Elizabeth, you two wait one on each side of the street. Make sure you're not visible from the door."
like covered in his own come, but he certainly couldn't venture out from his cocoon of spelled safety to the mirror like this in case one of their other dormmates walked in. He couldn't have them approaching John to talk about his weird masturbatory habits.
"Shh," John returned softly, rinsing the shampoo from his hair again. "I've got you, Sherlock." He stroked the hand that he was scooping the bathwater over Sherlock's head with gently down his temple. "A little bit harder with the conditioner okay?" Sherlock made a confirming noise and both of John's hands left his head to reach for it. "Touch yourself," John suggested.
Sherlock hummed agreement, looking around the basement room for inspiration. Nowhere else in the room looked unusually dark, and the lights had not flickered again. "I think the only ones in this room are the ones on me," he told the alien. "There are pipes and things in here for the water system - direct links from here to the forest. Given that there weren't any outside the forest upstairs, or they would have attacked us, can we assume that the only ones outside the forest are currently latched onto me?"
all the time like I'm a child he's been assigned care of or a stubborn patient at the surgery. But he's
Sherlock is smiling as he takes the rifle back and tries to mimic the army doctor's posture. He doesn't quite get it right, so John takes a deep breath and nudges his legs apart, melding his chest to the detective's back and guiding him. Sherlock glances back at him in surprise at the contact, but adjusts his footing without comment.
The detective grinned back. "Don't they?" he asked. He picked up John's hand and slid his long fingers between John's stubby ones. "That sounds a bit dull."
Sorry for the delay, guys! "Infamia" has been taking up all my inspiration. And, you know, university.
The door wasn't particularly sturdy, and Sherlock couldn't blame the pool owners for not reinforcing the lock further when he saw the inside of the pool. Why anyone in their right mind would want to break in there was beyond him.
The playwright grinned. "You do look rather fetching in the dress," he commented. John had to agree, but managed to do so privately, sharing a smile out of the corner of his eye with Ben as the boy pulled a shirt over his painted chest. Sherlock almost smiled.
. All text was from the 2012 Norton edition, though I have added my own punctuation and emphasis in places. You shouldn't have to, but I suggest reading a synopsis of the plot before reading this chapter if you're not familiar with it already: a good one can be found
John sighed and gently began to roll his hips again, but the angle was different this time; his shift in position had meant that he was leaning over Sherlock, and his groin was rubbing almost directly against Sherlock's. A particularly sharp thrust made him gasp helplessly; could he pass off coming when John did as the simple physicality of the act, even when John apparently thought of him as cold and uninterested? He tried to shift his hips to reduce the pressure a little, sure he could not keep the sound of John's name out of the shout he would make when he came.
It started soft, but with all the fervour of the apparently-inexperienced teenager Sherlock almost immediately opened his mouth and pressed closer, lowering his body into the teacher's lap. Grieg brought his hands around to hold him there, warm and almost
to imagine John doing it, finding someone good-looking who was willing to indulge a kink that sent others running, so eager to be affectionate that he would trust them without knowing more about them than their first name. He wasn't willing to examine the flicker of jealous anger that the thought sparked in him. John just
Sherlock shrugged. "John and I explored a theory last night," he said, studiously not looking at John as he said it for fear of the expression on his friend's face. "I sent messages to contacts that could help, but I haven't received replies yet – I'll call them once we get out of here. Knowing that she'll have bruises will help. Lestrade, help me roll him over," he commanded briskly. The three of them carefully manoeuvred the body onto its back, John wincing as the bedsheets stuck awkwardly to the corpse's groin area. Sherlock hummed absently at it. "She must have removed the condom from the same angle," he said. "What made you think this wasn't the same killer?"
