He arrived home and Mrs Hudson received him with a hug. She offered him some food but he said he didn't want to eat. Which was nothing unusual. He rolled his eyes and went directly to his room. Mycroft wasn't home yet. He laid on the bed, looking at the ceiling and listening to Think it over by Buddy Holly. He sighed and thought it over.
Irene started the car and when they took off John hadn't. Was John okay? Sherlock told himself not to care about it because he and John were nothing and he didn't love him. But he couldn't help but wonder.
Mycroft shrugged. "Oh please. Do you think I have nothing better to do than keeping an eye on that man?" He said defensively.
Sherlock frowned with concern. "A clinic? What for?" A sudden panic spread over his body but he tried to keep himself as devoid of emotions as possible.
His legs were trembling and Sherlock felt a sense of weakness he hadn’t felt in a very long while, but he ignored it.
It was Monday, two weeks after classes started and to be honest, John was already tired. The year had just started and he loved studying, but teachers were leaving lots of work, and along with Chemistry Club he felt like he didn't have time to do anything. Yet he wouldn't quit the Club. He is not the kind of person who quits.
He walked towards the painting in awe and stopped too close to it. It was absolutely incredible. The background of the picture was painted in black, but the shape of the body was perfect. The painting depicted nothing but a torso and the arms of a man, and the proportions were incredible. The shades and the lights mixed in the right place, bringing a completely new definition to the chiaroscuro that would make Caravaggio jealous. Sherlock had used oil painting so the texture of it brought some kind of reality and dimension and life into the picture. It was as if a naked torso was right in front of John. It was marvelous. Sherlock was an absolute genius.
The whole group burst in laughter, except for Sherlock and Greg. Sherlock was starting to form an idea about it, but he had to ask anyway. "How does she know?" He said frowning.
I'm so so sorry for taking so long to update this little one :( uni has been a bit of hell. Thank you so much for your support, hope you enjoy the chapter x
"John!", Sherlock exclaimed at the sensation as John slowly let go of his cock until he had only the top of it in his mouth. Then, just as slowly, he started going down again. Sherlock couldn't help it. He jerked his hips up, desperate to keep feeling the heat of John's mouth once again. John moaned as Sherlock moved, and Sherlock kept doing it so until he apparently let go too much and choked John.
"Fine, fine! I will!" He hissed as he closed the door and got ready. Actually he didn't, he just put on his jeans, his white t-shirt and his black-leather jacket he loved so much. He tried to do his hair with some gel, and that was all he needed.
"Shut up, I'm not some kind of psychopath" -Harry sighed noisily. "It wasn't like that Harry! I swear! And that's not the important part! He is going out with her! He is dating her! It was quite clear for me that I don't have a single chance."
Mycroft placed a hand on his shoulder and pushed him back, forcing him to stop moving. "He is in a good condition. He was asked to stay to have some rest. He was worn out when you were brought to the hospital."
"Clara broke up with me." She said suddenly, and she looked like a mess, it was written all over her face.
"Shut up and let me do the talking stud! If you cause him any pain, of any kind, Holmes, I will skin you. Because he doesn't
"What happened? Did you realize he wasn't a drug dealer so he didn't match your style?" Mycroft said sourly.
He didn't miss Afghanistan, he missed the sense of adventure he used to have there, before the bullet hit his shoulder. Before the adrenaline turned into utter panic.
And now he could paint again, and could see certain beauty in life, albeit a beauty stained by the experience of loss, a used beauty that would never be the same as the beauty of ingenuity.
John nodded and said automatically and thoughtlessly, as if it was some kind of over rehearsed answer. "I'm fine. Come in, I'll put the kettle on."
There was an intimate silence around them. Far too intimate. Intimate like the kind of silence after sharing a deep and important secret, or intimate as when couples stared at each other after saying ‘I love you’, when they were both too overcome with feelings and utter love to express it aloud. It was intimate in a way John had never felt before, and he was surprised, to say the least.
John looked up and their eyes met. He stopped dead in his tracks. For a second that somehow felt far too short and far too large, they simply stared at each other. John's face didn't reveal anything, no surprise, no excitement, no disgust, nothing. Sherlock simply held his breath.
Yellow was the colour of Van Gogh's stars. Yellow was also the colour of life. Or so John told himself.
"I smell fire. You should check." Sherlock said, desperate to end the conversation as soon as possible.
Sherlock stared at him, his eyes fixed on John's, he wanted his look to say it all, to reassure him. "I'm not", was all he said.
Sherlock closed his book and looked at John again. "I'm starting to think that even though you are such a nerd, you are not very smart, because I just told you that I do, I don't find any need to repeat it."
I can't even begin to thank you for all your support towards this fic, in the ups and downs, in those times when it seemed like the pain was unstoppable and they would never ever be happy, when there was nothing but darkness, thank you for sticking with me. It was an incredible ride, I just couldn't help falling in love with this version of John and Sherlock, and I did my best to bring you a teenlock fic that had it all, I'm sorry for causing you a lot of pain, but hey doesn't that remind you of BBC Sherlock itself?
John looked at him, his expression softening a little. "How on earth do you always happen to know everything?"
Or not really, a part of him was scanning the exact weight of the person climbing up the stairs just by listening to the sound of the shoes crashing against the floor.
A girl saluted them effusively as they walked in, so Sherlock assumed it was Clara. "Likes. Girls. What a waste." Sebastian whispered to Sherlock in the living room. Sherlock nodded rolling his eyes. "...She is with this girl from the school, you see PE with her. Harry."
What? Which games? He never said he was up to play with her again. Not again. He had won the last one, he wasn't risking to lose this time.
Sherlock stood up. "Sorry, it's just... the tremor, you should take a look at that." He said, pointing at John's left hand.
His cell phone woke him up. It beeped with a new text. From John. He squinted at the sunlight flooding the bedroom and fixed his eyes on the clock. 11:00 a.m. He had slept a lot.
It seemed as if the street didn’t exist anymore. As if the noises were just thoughts inside their heads. It was as if John and Sherlock were the only thing that existed, the only thing that was real.
As soon as they walked in, John smiled, and looked at Mike, taking a deep breath and smiling widely. "Oh yes, first day of school!"
He felt a sudden urge to go to John's bedroom, he had barely been there, it was John's private place and, contrary to what the blogger might think, he did know boundaries thank you very much, and respected them, so he never went into John's bedroom unless it was urgent or John gave him the permission to do so.
But with John Watson...if that's what John Watson wanted, he'd do it. He'd give up on them, if John asked him to.
There's no such thing as what ifs in real world, Sherlock told himself. Facts were facts and that was it.
"Out. Holiday. He'll be away for a month", she replied at ease, then her eyes turned to focus on Lestrade and she hesitated, "is- is everything okay?"
to and why the hell was he smiling? There was nothing to smile about! Sherlock was an idiot. A lovely idiot.
Later that night, Sherlock was looking at a couple of samples of blood on his microscope when the door opened.
Sherlock blinked. “Right, right”, he said. “I just- I’ll leave you a homework”, he said, the smile drawing itself on his face.
"Sherlock, you haven't gotten any new clues since you sat here, simply because you can't stop thinking about him-", Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but Lestrade pointed at him menacingly. "So stop scratching your arm and go see him, go make sure he's safe. We won't make any improvement until we have the files."
John walked away from him and stared at the painting over and over and over, in the same way Sherlock had stared at John’s painting. He wondered what went through John’s mind as he looked at it, did he feel somehow identified with Van Gogh? As if he was slowly losing his light and desperately needed to find it back? As if he was dying in life? Did he feel lonely, hopeless, desperate?
"Oh come on! That doesn't count, at all! Come on Johnny boy! I want to go to Brighton! Pleasey please?"
I swear this is the last horrible cliffhanger I'll leave you with!!! Thank you so much for reading <3
John stood still for a while, trying to comprehend. He couldn't come with a reply for that. Pretending, maybe that was all it was.
"I had talked to Lestrade and Molly, they told me all about it and helped me find the exact design.", he said with a shrug.
That anticipation was followed by the memory of John’s soft lips against him, claiming his with a raw and deep need, the memory of John’s hands touching his as he guided them towards his cock, the feeling of touching him,
And maybe he could start believing in metaphysics, if it meant he’d be able to merge himself with John.
John's smile widened and Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes. Almost two years and three continents Watson hadn't changed a bit. "Of course I'll do." He winked at her and turned his attention back to Sherlock, raising an eyebrow inquiringly.
Finally, oh finally, he got to stand in front of John, who simply kept that lovely, beautiful smile on his face as he softly said, "hi."
First of all, were John and him a couple now? That didn’t make sense, Sherlock was never good at the couple things, but well, he hadn’t actually ever felt something akin to what he felt for John Watson ever before.
Another announcement: for the next two weeks I won't be able to write, like at all. As always, life is getting in the way, so updates will take a while. After those weeks of hell I'll be finally free and will focus completely on the story, but just so you know.
Sherlock sighed in relief and closed his eyes. He opened them again when he heard Sarah talking right next to him. "That's great."
Harry looked at him very seriously now, which was something weird in her because she was so relaxed, and he got worried, it
He grabbed a cab as soon as he got out of the hospital, without hesitation and sounding completely convinced, he simply said: "To Baker Street. 221B Baker Street."
It looked as if it had been fixed. Yet art couldn’t make miracles, it hadn’t healed his real hand. John remained just as broken and damaged, only now he had a nice drawing of his hands.
it was a joke and he was creating false illusions. No. He wasn't creating anything. And Sherlock because he didn't want to look at John shaking his head, looking down and walking away.
He opened his eyes and stared at John fixedly. Finally, he came up with an idea and his eyebrows raised. "Have you had a surgery recently, Dr. Watson?"
"Oh John, you only care about writing and doing works and learning. And while I admit that's interesting, life not only depends on that."
As soon as he arrived home, he deliberately and with a lot of effort placed the little blue box where the syringes were in and tucked it inside of what used to be John's closet in what used to be John's bedroom. He knew that if he had the need, this wouldn't avoid it, but would delay it. Entering John's room was painful, so painful he almost had to give up on his task. He finally managed to do it, hoping the invading memories would be enough to keep him out of that room.
"Sherlock, no. No one said that to me." Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a breath he didn't know he had been holding. "Why?"
"But it still doesn't make sense! How is it even possible I have forgotten all of that?" He said waving his hands through the air.
"No, not really. It was the most absurd that I've ever heard, therefore it will be stuck with me forever."
Mycroft's face was hatefully expressionless. He didn't look amused nor surprised, he simply stared at Sherlock. "It speaks volumes that the only good thing you had left in your life was the thing that would end it."
Suddenly and without even realizing, the trees were Sherlock the colors were Sherlock the sky was Sherlock the stars were Sherlock. Something about those elements always reminded John of Sherlock. All the time.
Irene started talking again. "You know...what I missed the most about you were your periods of long thoughts without saying a word, trying to figure me out, but you simply couldn't, and I still perceive you can't."
John heard the words distantly, far, far away from him. He blinked, stood up hurriedly and realized he had fallen asleep. It was 2 a.m. He rubbed his eyes and yawned. It was the third time exhaustion had taken him that night. He didn't want to sleep because he kept dreaming those three words over and over again.
Sherlock looked at the gesture with a small smile on his face. Thankfully John was too focused to see it. He remained silent, staring at him fondly before realizing that he should already had been talking by then and that if he didn’t in the next 0.4 seconds John would suspect something was wrong and would turn to look at him with a confused expression only to find Sherlock looking at him as if he was looking at the stars.
Trigger warning for description of use of drugs and a very bad trip. Please, if that makes you somehow uncomfortable, don't read this chapter, your safety and well-being comes first! Don't worry, you won't miss much. This chapter is told completely from Sherlock's pov.
John pointed with a shaky finger towards the record player. "What's that?", he asked. His voice sounded different, it was very low, but somehow loud enough for Sherlock to hear it, and it was strained by John's erratic breathing. Sherlock had never seen him like that. "Where did you get that? Who are you?"
"Your lies. We've had the same argument, over and over and over. And you're right. Maybe we'll never see the end of it. Maybe I will never ever know you at all. Maybe you'll always be the stupid greaser you're always pretending to be, and maybe I will never fit with that, maybe I will never understand that."
The rest of the day passed by surprisingly fast, and when he realized, the bell was ringing for lunch. John didn't feel like eating at all, so he thought the best thing he could do was go to the library and do some homework and study Physics and studying made him happy. Or so he thought.
It felt- disenchanting somehow, looking at them. They were barely visible, the sleeve had been rolled up so they would be hidden but John could peek the tiny trace along the vein. The dark amidst the light.
Surprisingly enough, he couldn’t help but compare Moran and Moriarty to him and John, but shook the thought away. Because they were not the same. No.
And he hated that. But he didn’t know how to stop. He didn’t know how to redirect his hand, how to guide its traces, how to pull them back together.
It was a feeling that stopped as soon as he saw that madman staring fixedly at the picture Mike had taken. That madman who looked at him and knew it all, as if he’d known him all his life and was waiting for the exact second so he’d be able to introduce himself into his world.
"So, you want me to pretend to be your Girlfriend?" Irene said, and Sherlock looked at her immediately.
The way Sherlock spoke was surprising, as if he was completely detached from what he was saying, as if he was telling someone else's story.
Sherlock stared at him, speechless. All the shame he had felt before was gone, replaced by a deep, huge sense of longing, of affection.
It felt as if two hours had just passed. Sherlock's left hand was clenching and unclenching into fists as he fought the urge to just yell at the cabbie to drive faster.
John got out of the house and took a deep breath and sat on the grass of the entrance, focusing on breathing, breathing, breathing, because he felt alive, but as if he experienced death in a way he never thought he could. Trusting his weak legs, he stood up with a huge effort, and walked towards his house, still shaking.
John didn't turn. He stopped for a moment, and then kept walking. Sherlock tried to think fast, before John left. "Hmm... Watson!" He yelled.
Sherlock was silent and just kept staring at John, which made all of this a hundred times more difficult. He wanted to hold his face, to hold his hair, to hold his hand. He wanted to be with him. But it couldn't be. It never would. And he turned and left.
Sherlock didn't reply, he just stared at her. She kept talking then. "...yes, for that same reason. I missed the danger, the adventure. I wanted to breathe London's air. I couldn't be away any longer. I was dying to come back."
"Since I know it's a long project, I would rather to let you choose your pair voluntarily. But I need you to do it now, since I need the couples already defined."
There were moments when he found his mind empty, devoid of all sounds. No do, no re, no mi. No crescendos. No allegros. Nothing.
John handed him a glass of water one of the employees had just handed him. Sherlock didn’t remember when John had requested it. He took it all.
John straightened his back and hid his left hand behind his back, avoiding eye contact with the customers on the shop. He went directly to the counter and smiled to the cashier, that kind of smile Sherlock recognised John did when flirting.
Hawthorne stared for a moment, taking in the presence of the detective standing in front of him. He wasn't quite like John described him: for instance, he wasn't as tall as apparently he was, he had big bags under his eyes and looked as if he had gone through a train-wreck. But yes, he was standing in front of Sherlock Holmes.
"Alright. Look." The old man said, standing up and taking a bag of erasers he was keeping under the table. "Those are the ones you are going to shake. The reason why I'm doing this is because you
"Sure." She nodded. "You must be going through a lot, coming back from the death -I'm still mad at you by the way- and finding that John... Oh, Sherlock." She said, with tears in her eyes.
"About Melissa. We captured her, she's currently under interrogation. I'll let you know whatever progress is made."
showing himself how he was would help John remember, he thought to himself. "That you won't find anything. I'm clean."
Things got awkward between them sometimes. There were moments when they looked at each other silently and then tore their gaze away from the other, and then this horrible silence fell over the flat, and John didn’t know how to fill it, didn’t know what to say. Sherlock looked like he didn’t know what to do either, and no matter how hard John tried, he had no idea why it happened, he couldn’t understand, he couldn’t put a name to it.
About thirty seconds later, Mycroft appeared on the door. He looked at Sherlock very, very seriously. His voice came almost as a shout. "Where is she?"
Sherlock sighed. John crossed his arms, as if waiting for an explanation. “I just- I need your help. I need you to talk to Isabella’s relatives. We know she had some in London but she decided not to stay with them and get a hotel instead, why did she? I need you to find that out. Go to Baker Street and look for more information about them, contact them if you can.”
seconds had passed by since John left him? How could he not keep count when every second was another second without John?
This couldn’t encompass what he felt, this wasn’t even close, this was just a stupid reduction of the whole situation, a poor attempt to express the inexpressible.
“Will do”, John told no one in particular. He nodded and took another sip of wine. He recognized almost all the people who had come to the gallery, but none of them seemed to recognize them. He’d seen them in parties or in cafés but it was as if John had been…erased from existence and from the world he used to know. He sighed and kept walking on. It was cold in here and his insecurities were reflecting on his trembling hand. He wanted to leave as soon as possible.
him. He raised his eyebrows and turned to look at him in surprise, but John's eyes were already closed. He released a breath he didn't know he had been holding and turned the lights off.
It hurt, he tried not to make a big deal of it, but he couldn't stop thinking about it, he needed to calm himself and stop thinking about what happened, so he took his coat and thought about leaving the apartment dramatically, but when he got to the living room, Sherlock was not longer there.
It was always there, as a reminder, a constant reminder of the life that could have been, of the life that was, of the life that is. As a constant reminder of everything he had always done wrong. As a constant reminder of how caring was not an advantage.
But he did so the next night, and the night after that, and every single night he remained at hospital.
Lestrade cleared his throat and looked down, clearly not having expected Melissa's reply. "Fine. I'll speak with the truth, but do cooperate with me."
Sherlock wondered. "Hey! What took you so long, scorch? You said you were just going to the locker..."
He sighed. “I’m perfectly fine. Now I believe Scotland Yard needs my help so lead the way, Detective Inspector”, he said trying to sound as pretentious as possible. He stood up and raised his chin, defiantly.
Sherlock turned on the radio and John clenched his hands, tightening his grasp to the steering wheel, he swore he was about to punch the greaser. He had absolutely no right to yell at him.
Sherlock frowned at John as he smiled. He looked at him as if he was some kind of unsolvable mystery, as if he didn’t know quite what to make out of him. John looked at him with the same kind of wonder. They stared at each other for a long while, both unable to tear their gaze apart.
As soon as the class finished, John stood up and turned to look at Sherlock, gathering as much courage as he could, he took a deep breath.
Sherlock looked down and took a step closer. Without giving himself time to think it through, he reached out with his own hand and slowly touched the back of John’s hand.
John frowned. “Absurd?”, he asked. Had he gotten all of this wrong? Was Sherlock regretting what had happened between them? Didn’t he want this as much as he did? Sherlock had said that he didn’t care about feelings, for they were mere distractors, but John thought for a moment, for a single moment that perhaps,
They landed on Sherlock’s bed and fell down immediately, their lips unable to break apart. Sherlock threw a soft ‘oof’ as John fell on top of him. “Sorry”, John said with a giggle.
When he arrived to the apartment, he found Sherlock in the living room, quiet, still and thinking as usual. "Do you mind telling me what the hell is going on Sherlock?"
It was about 12 and Sherlock hadn't seen Harry in almost an hour, he was still sitting on the stair, drinking another cup of beer (his seventh) and trying to think so hard, when a phone rang.
John realized of how selfish he had been, he hadn't even realize his sister wasn't drinking, and she didn't look anxious, she wasn't hiding her sadness with a fake smile, it was her, the funny, relaxed, happy Harriet Watson he remembered but he hadn't seen in a lot of time, since they were kids, probably. And he had changed? Had he? At least he was happy. Yes, he was. "Of course, Harry, I'd do anything to see you happy." He said with a smile.
Sherlock nodded and handed him the pencil. John took it with strong stable steady reliable firm hands and started drawing silhouettes and shadows and other things Sherlock saw absolutely no shape to.
Sarah was sitting on the waiting area when Sherlock walked into the ER. He frowned, thoughtful. Were John and her together again? Unlikely. Probably they were still working together. How awkward.
“You bombard him with the memories”, Sherlock deduced, “just as you warned me I shouldn’t do when we first met.”
He closed his eyes and shook his head, willing the sound of John's broken, desperate voice as he talked to the recorder to go away. "What am I supposed to see?"
Although this was an act of cowardly, wasn’t it? He was just running away from the problem. He thought he couldn’t run towards the problem anyway, the problem was gone. The problem had jumped off a roof. The problem had said goodbye and left him alone. The problem was no longer a problem. He wasn’t running away. Whatever it was, wasn’t there anymore. Whatever it was had stopped existing the moment John reached frantically for his wrist and found nothing.
Mr Watson didn't say much during dinner, he didn't ask anything to Sherlock. There was no reason to do so. He was John's
“Oh, but it was a family emergency. I’m very sick!”, Sherlock coughed (a fake cough) with a smile on his face.
"It's okay, it wasn't your fault. I was an idiot. I was the one who ruined it all. You're right, I'm head over heels for him. I didn't think things quite clearly."
Victor and John were two separate identities, but the result had been the same: he ended up hurt and hating himself for it.
Chapter 3 is here! This one is considerably longer than the other two already posted, and in my opinion, is far much more interesting! A very particular character is arriving: Harry Watson! Well, this is exactly the way I imagine Harry Watson is like. Chapter 4 could take a while to upload because I won't be around very much next week, but enjoy this one! This is getting exciting! ;)
He opened his eyes once again to look at John's back, at his even breathing, at his hair, looking slightly messy, clearly as an evidence of what had happened the night before, the memories rushed back to him, John moaning Sherlock's name as he came, then kissing him, sharing a bed, waking up next to him. He roamed his eyes through his perfect, perfectly kissable neck, his-
John flinched. "You weren't supposed to find out", he said, putting the plate on the table. "Dinner is served!", he said excitedly as he brought his own plate and a bottle of wine.
Sherlock didn't feel like talking, he was growing tired, his eyes closing themselves without him intending to. He sighed through the mask, of course Mycroft would know the motives behind his OD. Right now, it was so obvious that not even Scotland Yard could ignore it. The simple yet absolute reason hidden behind the simple yet absolute name: John Watson.
"Shut up!", John screamed once again and Sherlock stood still, watching him. "Shut up!", he looked down and a few, broken noises escaped from his mouth. "Why? If I erased you from my mind, then why did I have to meet you again? Why didn't you leave me alone once and for all? Why couldn't you understand that I didn't want to know anything else about you anymore? Why did you have to come back? Why did you have to be alive? Why did you allow me to kiss you? To fall-", he fell silent.
Tom turned to look at Sarah, who was still messing with the jukebox, his gaze turned to John once again. "I'm glad you're here, Sarah kept asking and asking if you were going to show up."
Sherlock shook his head quickly and pointed at John, who tried his best not to flush. He looked at Sherlock with a
Sherlock took him into an embrace. John leaned his head onto Sherlock's shoulder, his tears falling freely over the greaser's jacket. "She'll pass through it. She's the strongest person I've ever met."
where John lived. Although one couldn't compare this kind of life to that of a professional and widely recognized and acclaimed artist, Sherlock could compare it to the environment of those bohemian writers of the 19th century, as if they were in one of Poe's tales, or trapped in the midst of Baudelaire's poems.
Sherlock grabbed his book and left in the opposite direction from John, thinking, clearly surprised by the way the boy had reacted, that was definitely unexpected, all of this situation was unexpected, John Watson in general was unexpected.
"Of course the doctor, even you might be thinking that he is our first suspect. He knew every single one of the patients, they allowed him into his house, he knows details about their lives, about the people they decided to erase-", he fell silent. He couldn't avoid the thought of John popping into his mind.
Yet, right at that moment, he felt that the curve of John’s lips could create monuments, conquer territories, and could even manage to do the impossible: heal Sherlock.
"What the hell was all that about?" John looked at Harry very seriously, in a worried way, as if he was scared of what his sister might have told Sherlock.
If Sherlock could describe with one word exactly what he felt it would be terror. Utter, intense panic spreading all over him. A voice in his mind repeating
He reached down and started unbuttoning Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock felt drugged by desire, felt like all his rationality was giving way to feel all of these sensations. But his brain eventually woke up.
John stood there, incapable of articulating a word. Sherlock looked at him impatiently, sighing and rolling his eyes. "What? What are you thinking about? Let's go! The sooner the better Watson!"
"Yes, you're probably right." He said trying to hide the frustration he was feeling at that moment. "...But what if mom's right? What if I could never be a doctor? What if I could never save a life? What if it isn't what I want?"
Sherlock wanted to ask all of those questions to Mycroft, they were almost forcing themselves out of his mouth, but he couldn't, he couldn't show Mycroft how much he needed the answers, how much he
He always called it house, he never called it home. It never felt like home. He'd been living here since he moved to London and still didn't see it as his home. Why? He had no idea. He just never pictured his home so lifeless.
But the first thing he stored on his mind palace was John's absolute unawareness of the situation, for further study. The way his eyes remained cold, the way his face remained expressionless, the way he turned to look at Sherlock cautiously, looking insecure, the way his hand started trembling harder. But most of all, the way John Watson didn't recognise Sherlock Holmes. The way John Watson turned back to the counter to flirt with a woman without even caring.
John grabbed him by his chin and turned his face so he could have a proper look at him. Sherlock tried to focus on John’s eyes but his head was still hurting. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock's still conscious side of his brain wondered for a second why on earth had those concepts stayed inside his mind palace but he didn't dwell on it too much because John pulled the zipper down.
, which contains songs mentioned on the fic, chapter titles or just songs from the 50's which have inspired me, I'm pretty sure if you listen to it, you'll end up loving rock n' roll music as much as Sherlock does! Tell me what you think of it and if you'd like me to add any other song!
She extended her arm and with her shaky index finger pointed at his eyes. "Because your eyes lit up."
He wondered briefly which pain had been worse. The pain of the whip ripping his own skin apart or the pain of John’s unknowing eyes.
But he had to admit he was surprised when he walked into the rooftop, and his body started trembling uncontrollably.
Now it was turn to John's face to drop. He had absolutely no idea. He didn't know anything about his "friend" oh god, he wasn't even his friend! He was someone he barely knew and he hated! He reminded himself. "...no, Molly. Sorry. I don't know."
John turned to look at Sherlock. "No, no, no... I mean, it's weird, you are incredibly smart..." Sherlock smiled "but you should have gotten graduated a year or two ago."
Sherlock gasped softly and stared at John, wondering if that was what John really wanted. John looked at him and clenched his jaw. The air was heavy, loaded with words none of them dared to say. Sherlock didn't want this to end and John wanted to forget. What else was left to do? Sherlock gave up and nodded. He would have to live a life without John Watson, in an empty Baker Street, constantly wondering what he was up to.
John had greeted Melissa when they’d met at Scotland Yard. He’d recognized her immediately, recognized her by her
"I might need to do some corrections and I would like to discuss them with you." Sherlock was desperately trying to find an excuse,
John smiled for a while, but then remembered what he originally had asked her and his face became slightly more serious. "But I need you to tell me what you told him, Harry. Anything it was what you said to him, it changed something inside him. I got to see a side of Sherlock I had never seen before, and I was dazzled and puzzled by it at the same time, and I know it was something you did, now tell me what it was, I'm begging you, I need to know."
Sherlock pulled him into a hug. "I never thought I would actually miss that blog, but as soon as I saw it again it was-", he fell silent. It was, it was, it was-
Lestrade nodded at him as soon as he opened the door. Sherlock rolled his eyes and climbed up the stairs.
He looked around the table, there were clearly more people on it today. That was kind of unusual, Mike had his group of friends, but they were always the same five kids he usually saw and sometimes he talked to. But...
The following days had passed incredibly fast, and when John realized it already was Thursday and oh god it was Thursday!
shitty station and rock n' roll started playing. In that precise moment, John lost his patience: "TURN THAT SHIT OFF!" He yelled at her, and she stared at him, looking surprised. Yet she didn't say anything and turned it off.
He sat on the sofa, thinking. His theory about some kind of PTSD seemed to make more sense now. John could have blocked everything which reminded him of Sherlock after the fall and after some time of assimilation he could come back to himself. But something was wrong, Greg could tell, but had no idea of what it was.
Sherlock looked at him immediately, frowning. John knew how much it pissed the detective whenever he got into his business, especially with anything related to the woman. This was not looking good. Sherlock articulated his words slowly, with a growing tone of anger. "You knew? You knew and you didn't let me go!"
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back and nodded sharply. Lestrade stared at John frowning. Silence fell in the room and Greg felt the need to fulfill it because this was just getting more and more awkward. "Um...we just wanted to check how you were..."
Sherlock was surprised at how much time he spent thinking about John while he was on this mission. When he wasn’t busy planning the next assault, he was focused on John Watson. He tried to remember every single detail about John. He occasionally opened the doctor’s blog and smiled widely, as the memories flooded his mind and suddenly it all felt right, as if all this effort was worth it. John Watson was worth everything.
"Do you think that of yourself?" John murmured and Sherlock snapped his head to face him, his eyes widening, but he didn't reply.
"Ha! I'm the best sister in the world ain't I? Good night, little brother, I bet the sweater will not be your only Christmas present from Sherlock!" -She said winking at him.
He constantly asked himself why he had chosen this career in the first place, and now he wondered why he had decided to try it once again when he clearly wanted to run away from it when he went to Afghanistan.
He was almost convinced that Hawthorne was the one who'd made the murders, now all he needed was to find why he was doing it. They started inspecting the house. Hawthorne was divorced, bad relationship with his ex-wife, a daughter that she barely let him see, and Sherlock could tell that his record of casual encounters was quite extensive. They searched everywhere, and aside from the frankly alarming quantity of drugs he stole from Lacuna and sold to pharmacies, he couldn't find anything remotely incriminating.
Sherlock kept drawing his hand. It looked so carefully crafted, so perfect, so free of damage, of bruises, of pain. It reminded him of Sherlock a bit. It looked as if it was a hand that worked on its own, without the need of a brain telling it what to draw or when to do it, or when to choose to let trauma take over it and tremble like an idiot.
When John arrived to his house it was 3:30 in the morning, yet his parents didn't seem to notice he was gone and neither did Harry. He went straight to his bed, he was incredibly tired.
Wednesday couldn't come fast enough, Wednesday came too fast. No matter how much he tried, Sherlock didn't feel ready enough to talk to John again. He wondered if John himself felt ready, perhaps he didn't mind anymore, perhaps he did it so Sherlock would finally leave him alone, perhaps he did it so he wouldn't have to receive Sherlock at the ER with another overdose.
and the situation surely should have bothered Sherlock more than it really did. He couldn't care less about all of this... Fluffiness. He was holding John in his arms. Finally.
“If you didn’t like it, you can say it, it’s fine, really. I know this isn’t even your style. God, you must be bored out of your mind by looking at it, I’m sorry about that, I just, I thought-”
As soon as the levels of morphine were elevated, Sherlock felt relief washing over him. He dragged a deep breath and opened his eyes, only to find his brother staring at him closely.
His first class was History. That didn't help. And the worst part of it is that John never felt as excited for having a class as much as he did with this one, even more than biology! And this class was boring, and he didn't really like history, but Sherlock made it so exciting, so fascinating, so mysterious. He realized this class was the highlight of his day, just because he got to see Sherlock.
Sherlock snorted. "Don't be silly. It's just that... He has to work with me in this history project and I need the brain intact if I expect a good grade."
John could swear the greaser smiled. He recognized Sherlock's smiles quite well, he distinguished the fake ones from the real ones, and this one wasn't an evil smile, it was one of those incredible genuine smiles, one of those smiles which was only saved for John.
He simply sat, looking at the horizon, trying to find beauty amidst the horrors of war, that still haunted him like a ghost, that chased him even in his dreams, that turned beauty into pain. That shot that pain all through his body and concentrated on the wound of his shoulder and the limp of his leg.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, trying to hide his excitement. "Of course there are." He turned to leave. "Send them to me at Baker Street. I'll take a look at them."
“That’s- that’s not- I mean, that’s- hm. A work in progress.” That was not what he meant to say at all.
"No no no, I'm telling you. He is so rude and annoying and... Ugh. I don't want to talk about it. I'd better go to chemistry club. It seems about time." He said standing up.
He nodded, looking at the floor. As soon as the man left, he looked up and felt a rush of pain and anger. He hated school, he didn't want to go back to that hell.
And now they looked even worse, the fingers were not symmetrical and their weight and height was not in proportion with one another. This didn’t make sense, what was wrong with him?
he thought, and without hesitation, took a sip. It tasted like shit, but after two or three sips it felt... better.
"I told you not to come here." Sherlock whispered to his ear, taking his glove off and holding John's hand. He was shaking.
He barely realized when the third finger came in. He felt uncomfortable as John moved his fingers as if they were scissors. Then it all went blank.
“So tomorrow I just wake up as if the last four years of my life had been non-existent?” John asked, honestly feeling a little worried.
kinds of colors, that would be impossible, but there were all kinds of mixtures and tones and hues and John felt something deep deep inside that he could only explain by his physical reaction: heart racing, pupils dilating, a slight weakness on his knees, was he going to faint? Of course not, no.
“That’s the first thing you’ve got to picture once you start drawing your eye”, he said, his lips skimming John’s skin. He wasn’t even trying to break apart, not anymore. He was enjoying it far too much to break away.
"Oh really? Then explain to me what you meant with your 'I refuse to let you go', because it seems like you're letting me go."
About an hour later, he put his violin down and went to the bed. John was sleeping soundly, and Sherlock laid down softly on the other side of the bed.
"Nothing, still trying to find something that might give us a little hint of the kind of criminal we're dealing with. But I think the lack of evidence describes us exactly the man who is behind this. But it can't be, John!, it can't!. I saw him take his own life! How can he be alive?" -Sherlock looked desperate, scared, terrified. It wasn't something he saw very often, and definitely he wouldn't wish to see ever again.
She smiled even wider and leaned closer. "Oh, but you wanted to." She said extremely secure and confident of herself.
This was unusual, more than unusual, it was quite unsettling for John. He was used to having nightmares of Afghanistan, he recalled the taste of the sand and the sound of the shots. He remembered the screams of the people, his own shout of pain when he felt the bullet on his shoulder. The image was vivid, clear and it always was the same. It got so usual that John didn't feel threatened nor terrified by it anymore.
John looked up to him through half-lidded eyes and a soft smile that later turned into a yawn. Sherlock stopped at the entrance of the bedroom and couldn't help but smile back, taking in the sight of a sleepy, naked, John, with his hair disheveled and with the early sun's reflection bathing his skin with traces of gold. He was so lucky. He was so lucky of being able to see John like this, positively
Sherlock turned to look at John and nudged him slightly, without the detective's notice. John reacted and stepped forward, adjusting his glasses. He tried to make his most serious and adult-like voice. "Hm...Yes. Yes. Doctor John H. Watson."
That was the question, how? How will he ever manage to see Sherlock as just his friend and nothing else? How will he ever be okay with him being with someone else? How will he ever get over the detective? He thought he couldn't, but at least he had to try. At least it was better than getting his hopes up and then having his heart broken. Because it was a risk, Sherlock Holmes was always a risk, a risk he wanted to take, but that now he was starting to realize he had all the chances of losing. So what was the point of playing the game if he was going to lose it anyway? He decided it was better to withdraw, to resign now to avoid a future pain. It was going to be hard, so very hard, but he had to. He really had to.
The bell rang and Sherlock stood up and grabbed his bag. He turned to look at John. "But you will. See you after lunch." He said winking at him.
“No. I’ve got to solve this case. But I don’t have a clue. I have absolutely no idea of who might be behind all of this. Shit, what is wrong with me? I haven’t solved a fucking case in ages!”Sherlock said pressing his fingers on his eyes.
Sherlock was right. This was exciting. He should feel ashamed of escaping and of disobeying his parents but he didn't, at all. He had to admit he had a lot of fun, hitting the road, seeing Sherlock's halfslept face, listening to that music he used to despise...
Sherlock smiled and opened the door wider so he could step in. John kept staring at him as he passed him by and only turned his back against him in order to climb up the stairs.
“I was taken to a basement for-”, he gulped, “for interrogation. Was kept there for- I don’t know for how long, I just knew I wasn’t going to make it out of there alive. I was chained up from my arms, and -”
I PROMISE you that next chapter will be uploaded sooner than this one. I'm sorry for taking so long, this one was sooooo hard to write and uni's been draining me. I'm really really sorry, but hey! we're almost finished! Once again thank you so much for your support! I'm so glad you've enjoyed it so far!!! I can assure you you'll enjoy what's to come! x
He leaned his weight against Sherlock, who simply put an arm around his shoulders. “Come on”, he whispered in John’s ear as they made their way to 221B, “I’ll make you some tea”.
"How was it like, for you, these two years John?" - his voice sounded soft, very soft, in a very non-Sherlock tone. He tried to process it in his brain. No response. How was he supposed to answer to that?
Sherlock shrugged, turning to look at the glass again, and sticking his hands in the pockets of his Belstaff.
Yet thirty days had passed, his tremors had returned, and he hadn’t improved his drawing technique, what he drew always seemed to be asymmetrical and it looked forced and weird, and he wasn’t as talented as the cubists, nor he had the ability to combine the colors with the shapes, as did the futurists.
Oddly familiar to that second day after coming back from Afghanistan, when he’d wake up to the awful taste of sand and blood in his mouth, when his shoulder would stab him over and over and remind him that life was not what it used to be.
Whoever it was, was looking for an open confrontation. The killings had taken place either at their home or at work. Perhaps the killer had arrived to John’s old place and- no. That was not what the message said. The message said the
Sherlock looked at him for a moment. He still didn't look well enough. He ignored John's question. "You really should get some sleep, Dr. Watson." Oh god, he hated calling John like that.
No point in denying it. Harry knew it since the start. She always knew. She knew before John knew. "...Yes." He said hesitantly, flushing.
"No it isn't, of course it isn't. That is absurd. The person who had left me that message before is no longer here." Sherlock stood there, looking at the body. The message was definitely for him, but he was too scared to admit it. He couldn't be back, not this again.
John couldn't help but feel affection as soon as he got out of the Chemistry Club and saw Sherlock sitting on the bench, reading
In those times before the fall, when they'd just sit in silence, Sherlock would put his hands below his chin, close his eyes and see the notes drawing themselves in his mind, with a logical order, creating something that sounded almost perfect even though he had never even played it.
The heat that had filled his body was now gone and he felt as if he had been thrown into the snow naked. He started shivering, all of his muscles twitching uncontrollably and
He was under surveillance constantly. Mycroft had seen him like this before: the tremors the sweating the paranoid thoughts the scratching the dissociation the terrible moods. He was used to all of that.
and be nice and adorable but then go back to Irene and be the annoying greaser he is. And today he was particularly not feeling in the mood for that.
"Did anyone from Lacuna had to do with it?, did you interrogate your own- what did you just say?", Sherlock said, turning to look at Lestrade.
John's eyes watered just a little bit. There was a sense of nostalgia and a sense of completeness within them.
Paintings were scattered everywhere in the picture. Every single corner was filled with a different landscape, with a different figure, with a different state of mind. John wanted to laugh at what his own flat looked like now. If people walked into it, they wouldn’t recognize it, they wouldn’t believe that it once was the biggest library of John Watson’s paintings. His flat was as dead and as blue as John felt.
When they broke the kiss they were both panting, they stood there, their foreheads joined together. John closed his eyes, thinking that could stay like this forever. After a while, Sherlock started talking again: "So I'm sorry, for all the pain I've caused you. I've made enough wrong decisions for a lifetime. I have nothing to offer you, nothing to make you trust me again. All I have is a promise. All I have to say is that I love you."
John was still sleeping in his room, in his bed, hoping to wake up and find Sherlock smiling at him. Well he wouldn't get that, because Sherlock couldn't give him that, less in these circumstances.
John moaned. He had slept all night, which was unusual, though he couldn't remember why it was unusual. He didn't remember why he went to bed that early, last night was a blur, had he drank too much? Well, that would explain a lot, starting for the intense headache he was feeling.
They didn't do that. Doctors treated the overdose, but never the collateral damage that brought the aftermath. Why would they keep him here? He just wanted to leave, to leave and never come back, never step on this place, ever again, never see John Watson ever again.
He had started taking lunch again. When he was with Sherlock, they would spend lunchtime together, but since that wasn't an option anymore, he started spending more time with Mike and his friends. Mike asked him curiously once what he used to do during lunchtime, but John just shrugged and said he went to the library, but now he was getting tired of it. Mike seemed satisfied with the answer since he didn't ask again.
"Heartbreak Hotel." Sherlock said while he mumbled the lyrics of the song, something John found very funny.
"Of course I do! Of course it is! It's the alcohol! It's okay Sherlock, really, I know this is not who you are."
"I don't know." Mycroft lied, shaking his head. He certainly didn't want to be the one to break the news to his brother. Sherlock still seemed clueless, which only reaffirmed his hypothesis that caring was not an advantage. "The clinic's name is Lacuna."
He didn't have the courage anymore. Every time he sat to try and draw something the images of sand and dust and powder and blood and death stared at him, and he didn't know how to express them. He was no Picasso, he couldn't turn his pain into a Guernica.
And then, just like that, he vanished. And John turned to look around him, but couldn't find him. Where had he gone? He kept running, running, running alone, maybe he'd catch him after all, a nagging feeling inside him telling him he wouldn't find what he was looking for.
He had a great technique when it came to balancing the colors and mixing them, because it was the topic he had loved ever since he saw that Van Gogh painting all those years ago. He loved the theory of color and the psychology behind it and the way colors seemed able to speak by themselves when they were used properly.
Sherlock's attention snapped back to John. His left hand was trembling, but other than that, he didn't look much different. If someone who didn't know John were to look at him at that moment, they wouldn't notice anything odd about him.
"No, you were destroying your lungs, but you know exactly what I meant with that question, so stop pretending and answer me."
Sherlock froze right in place. He needed to focus. He knew he had heard the clinic's name before, and he was certain he had stored some information about it in his mind palace. He closed his eyes but he came up with nothing, he just couldn't
It took Sherlock a couple of seconds until he wrapped his mind about what had just happened. He stood still as John descended the stairs and as he listened to the door shutting closed.
He never found the ‘a’, he looked through the files that were older than those ten months but found nothing, no one. There must be someone,
He stared at the piece of paper and carefully put it back on the table, he smiled when he saw John's scribbles on the paper, they reminded him of so many adventures, so many cases, so many moments by John's side.
He was woken up at around 8 pm when he heard footsteps approaching and the door opening. He looked up to see Lestrade, who stared at him worryingly without moving.
Harry stopped talking when she realized maybe she had been to harsh on him, he still was turning his back at her, but she could tell, he was having some kind of emotional overload. Did Sherlock even know what an emotion was? Doubtful.
Mr Watson nodded as soon as Mrs Watson came by her husband's side. "Oh, I see you've met Sherlock. He's joining us for dinner."
Still, he would prove Sherlock that he was able to draw without his help, and Sherlock would find it out because he’d see it exposed on the Tate Modern, right next to his other painting. He’d see it and look at it with a fond smile, feeling proud of the man he had taught-
John clenched and unclenched his left hand into fists before looking up and tilting his head to the side, observing Sherlock.
“Hands are not static, John. Hands are pure movement and that’s where the biggest challenge is: position the fingers, the palms, the shadows so they reflect such movements”, Sherlock had gotten so close that he was almost whispering in John’s ear.
Sherlock had asked him minutes ago to show him the universe of possibilities, but he really didn’t mean it about the colors. John was a universe of possibilities himself, and Sherlock was eager to know him, to explore him, to become an expert in everything that was related to John Watson.
He ignored the emptiness of a room that had once held the deepest secrets of the most incredible man he had ever met, a room that had taken hold of John's screams whenever he woke up from a nightmare, or when he opened the drawer and saw the gun, and stared at it over and over and over. It had taken John's deep rumble of laughter, John's thoughts fluttering around as he wrote a new case for the blog, it had even taken hold of John's army mug, which he never left in the kitchen, considering it far too valuable for Sherlock to use it on his experiments.
He opened the door. Hawthorne and Melissa walked in, carrying a lot of weird equipment. “I thought you were gone.”
Sherlock fell silent, so apparently he was done talking. John stared at him and assumed that the greaser was waiting for a reply, but he had absolutely no idea what to say to that. His brain wasn't processing it, it just couldn't be right. He rubbed the back of his neck and decided it was better to be honest. "I- I just don't understand what you're saying, I- what do you want from me?!", he asked sounding a bit frustrated because his brain couldn't just
He couldn’t understand this fascination he felt towards Sherlock, he couldn’t put a name to it, but he loved it. He loved the feeling of it.
John thought about it. Were nude men in Sherlock’s mind? He stopped himself from commenting on it, but it was an interesting fact.
As soon as John said that, Sherlock pulled apart, frowning, but singing the song, focusing his view on the window. They didn't speak until they arrived to the greaser's house and John hated it to be over.
John followed him and sat next to him when they took the cab. He looked at him with a frown. “So- what happened?”, he asked.
Sherlock walked hurriedly towards the player and pressed the 'stop' button. He felt the air leaving his lungs, his heart racing, his hand shaking. He opened his mouth, no voice came out of it. He closed it, opened it again, but still no sound. Finally, he found a tiny thread, the slightest hint of a voice, and barely above a whisper, all he managed to say: "John."
Sherlock took his pjs and took off his coat and his scarf before going to the bathroom to get changed.
And that silence had said far too much. And things had changed between them since then hadn’t they? John stopped dating, and Sherlock somehow opened himself up to John, and he honestly couldn’t think of a moment when they both had felt more comfortable with each other’s presence. It was slowly shifting into
John smiled wider and moved a little towards the edge of the couch, Sherlock thought he was about to stand up, but then John stood there. He took his glasses off and tossed them to the ground. He closed his eyes again and muttered. "...Come." He said patting the side of the couch that was empty.
Sherlock stared at Mycroft defiantly for a long time, then he spoke up. "Fine, you know what? Don't tell me. I don't need your help. I'll find out by myself. Thank you very much." He said turning to leave.
"Why are you apologizing, this isn't what you do, this isn't Sherlock Holmes, the popular greaser with his cheekbones and his jacket and looking cool."
The skin was sensitive and sore, and so he felt as that soft kiss penetrated into every pore of his body, as if that kiss had managed to merge itself with his skin and his body and his muscles and his blood.
War had taken away the only good thing left in his life. No matter what he did, something always sent him back to Afghanistan.
Sherlock stood silent for a moment, thoughtful. "Will me admitting it stop you from making all this drama?"
“Extraordinary. Hard to believe this came from the same hand that did such a poor imitation of Picasso.”
Sherlock looked at him uncomfortable. "Well, you know, I thought you might like it and it looked like something you'd wear. I've always found your fashion taste terrible so this one was exactly made for you."
He opened the door and his face fell, or brightened. He couldn't quite tell, the shock was too much for him to react properly.
That's how you treat your friends? Then no, thank you!" He said trying to hide the bitterness he was feeling.
John stopped eating after a moment and looked up to meet Sherlock's eyes. He looked serious, cold, reserved, as if he had carefully managed to trap all of his emotions and place them away from his face. A facade, a carefully constructed one. "I came here to talk, not to eat. What did you have to say to me?"
The sound of the door closing woke John up, his head ached, his stomach was revolving horribly and making terrible sounds, he felt as if he was going to throw up, he was thirsty and tired and was sleeping in Sherlock's bed.
Sherlock stood up, ignoring her remark and sighed, "Melissa, I need to ask you a favor, but this is the most personal matter, I require absolute silence from your behalf."
Sherlock walked slowly, taking deep breaths and really, really trying to control himself, but this, whatever this was, was out of his control, he was
Sherlock was about to answer when, in that moment, one of the guys of the club stood up and looked at them, frowning and clearly upset. "Could you
"Murder. Message. IOU." -Sherlock gasped, but tried to behave normally, his face was expressionless, he just looked at Greg and listened to him. "I need you to tell me everything about it Sherlock, we're dealing with a serial killer right now and we have to stop him!".
John couldn't deny those days had been hell. Alone at school, alone at home, alone, alone, alone. He felt the hole Sherlock had left, a hole he didn't know he needed to fill until this time. And Sherlock looked so good through that window, so witty, so smart, so attentive, so attractive... So close, yet so, so far away from him.
kind of guy. But suddenly this Holmes came and his life turned into a mess. Greasers started picking on him and he didn't need to ask, he knew it was all because of Sherlock. He couldn't understand why or what he could have possibly done. He became the school's target.
Sherlock closed his eyes. His heart was racing but for completely different reasons. It was shocking, how a few words could have a stronger effect on him than a dose of cocaine, when the right person muttered them.
John cleared his throat. "I mean that why of all people did you pick the less interesting and more squared guy? What is so appealing of me?"
“I shouldn’t have judged you. Sherlock, I just want to say that, if you need someone to talk to, well, there’s um- me.”
Hell, was Presley a fucking fortune-teller? He closed his eyes, leaned his head on the back of the seat and took deep breaths, as he heard the car next to him starting up and passing by. Just for this once, he wouldn't change the station until Presley stopped singing.
The thought hit Sherlock like a rock and he couldn't help but grimace a little at John's unawareness.
And this was the John he'd fallen in love with. With memories or without them, no one had managed to break every single wall he'd spent years building within hours. No one had seen through him, known him so deeply, so acutely, no one had accepted him despite the pain and the heartbreak. John. His John. In any universe, in any time setting, in any moment.
The class ended and John stood up with a sigh. He took his bag and turned to look at Sherlock, who was looking down and reading or
Mycroft and the two men who had entered with him left as fast as they came. John was still confused at the scene. He turned to look at Harry, who hadn't moved an inch since they entered.
John looked at the picture of Elvis on the cover of the magazine. "Wow. I can see why Harry loves him so much, and she doesn't even like boys!"
"Sherlock, there's something I need to tell you, perhaps it isn't the right thing to do but I need to say it."
They stopped at a red light and John turned to look at Harry, furrowing his brows. He leaned and touched his sister's forehead.
"Hideous. The worst experience of my life. I kept scratching my skin because I needed pills and they would never pay attention to me. Everytime we arrived to a new place first thing I did was looking for some place where I could find the little package. It was too much. I couldn't leave both Victor and the pills, how did they expect me to do that?"
He ran towards the folders. The clues had to be there. The interval of time between one murder and the other wasn’t very long, but they were irregular. He’d have to go through all the files in which the crime was perpetrated through stabbing and in which the name would start with an a, b, c or d.
He opened his eyes and sat in his couch with a sigh. After everything that had happened this place felt even gloomier, more lifeless, as if it lacked the kind of light that Sherlock brought with himself.
"Well, I think that's the best thing we can do." John said moving his arms, loosing from Sherlock's hold. "Just work partners. As it was always meant to be."
John looked at him fondly. "How?, never mind, you'll tell me later". He caressed Sherlock's cheekbone softly before standing up. "Let me take a look at that wound."
"Then how on earth do you know where she is? what is this place anyway? It's close to Sarah's-", he stopped in the middle of the sentence.
"Well, my parents say that everything was my fault and that I was lucky and blah blah blah. So they threw the punch where it hurt the most. They forbade me using the car." He said rolling his eyes.
John thought bitterly. Except he didn’t want to remember. Sherlock was now only a corpse. Sherlock didn’t exist anymore, so he didn’t have to remember him.
During the last month, John had debated whether he should go to Baker Street and visit Sherlock on an almost daily basis.
Sherlock turned again to face his brother. "If by 'we' you mean you and Mrs Hudson, I wish you the best. Goodbye."
Sherlock felt as if he had just been stabbed. He opened his mouth to reply, but didn't know what to say. "I...I-" he faltered.
"Come on, you can't be telling me you prefer listening to this... Noise than listening to Beethoven or Bach!"
"Why did you think there was something else?" John said lowly, he didn't know why, but for some reason he trusted Greg, he seemed like a reliable friend. Like a friend Sherlock Holmes deserved.
John’s hand twitched slightly under Sherlock’s scrutiny. It wasn’t shaking, it was still and responsive, but the way Sherlock’s eyes fixed on it, the way he spoke, it was- “thank you”, he said, after clearing his throat.
She looked up again and furrowed her brow. "You should be thankful he isn't here! Now explain it to me now!"
He was almost done with the iris and it looked so real and alive it was surprising. At some point, while Sherlock was closed up in his own mind, John had mixed some darker shade of blue which wasn’t particularly black in order to add the details of the irises -the lines that created patterns around the edge of it- and it had given a huge touch of reality to the figure. Sherlock couldn’t believe what he was seeing.
"Well don't wait for me then, but you do the work! Good luck with that." Saying that, John turned his back to Sherlock, who frowned, and went back to his desk. Molly was still standing in front of the dashboard, motionless.
He cleared his throat. “She talked to him. I was hiding in a corner and watching the encounter. End of the story.”
Blue was always associated with feeling blue. Yet John’s face seemed to find the warmth amidst the cold. That was what John liked about the photograph. That was what he hated about the photograph.
Sherlock couldn't even begin to explain the relief he had felt all through his body when John nodded, agreeing to do it so, but John left later, leaving Sherlock without a clue as to when or where they'd meet again.
He sighed, closing his eyes in defeat and placing the mask back on. Right now he needed it, because the constriction in his chest felt as if it was blocking the influx of air. "Hurts", he whispered.
John focused instead on the vital signs on the monitor. He looked at the heartbeats -ignoring the sudden increase on them-, the blood pressure, the influx of oxygen, and wrote them on the clinical archive. It took him longer than average, but he looked deeply focused on the task at hand, as if his life depended on it. During that time, he didn't spare a glance at Sherlock, he kept his attention solely on the machine.
They spent the rest of the day on Mycroft's library. The day was too cold so Sherlock turned on the bonfire and they sat on the rug, reading books all day long. John ended up reading one about medicine and anatomy while Sherlock read some detective novels.
Sherlock had his eyes closed and his hands below his chin when the bell rang. He opened them and frowned, he told,
As he sat on his own, in Baker Street, on his chair facing the chair thatu sed to be John's, he put his hands under his chin and started thinking about what Lestrade had told him.
John pushed Sherlock aside, making way for him in the same stair the greaser was sitting in. "Hello, Mycroft." He said with a nod.
John exemplified precisely that same thing. He was like the rainbow, unattainable, unreachable, complex, simple, perfect, a nature’s creation. Sherlock was always meant to spend the rest of his life trying to reach the colors of the rainbow through art, but never doing it so.
Sherlock didn't reply. He was silent, still looking at the empty seat in front of him and still wondering what the hell did just happen and why John stormed out like that. He shook his head and turned to look at the girl who was frowning and tapping her feet impatiently. "Sorry?"
This painting had nothing on it, no defined forms, no chiaroscuro, nothing, just a mix of colors and shadows standing in the way.
That kind of aesthetic pleasantness, that masterful use of the shapes and the shadows, and the dark and the bright and the perfect portrayal of something as imperfect as the human body. It was impossible.
Chapter 4 is here! Sorry it took so long to update, but I was away and I didn't have time to write it. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it! This is getting interesting! Chapter 5 is on the way! And will be uploaded faster than 4. Thanks to everyone who left kudos and comments! It means a lot! x
"I couldn't save you, I didn't know how. I mean I knew how but there was blood everywhere and you were losing consciousness and there was nothing in there to help you and- Jesus, Sherlock, I was certain you'd died."
John shook his head, and he looked distant, as if he was immersed in thoughts, in a world Sherlock couldn't follow him to, no matter how much he wanted to. "I-", John sighed. "I can't, Sherlock. I can't do this anymore. I can't listen to you. Please just stop talking and- stay away from me. Please"
He rolled his eyes, annoyed and turned to face her again, "please don't feel forced to start a conversation, you are terrible at it."
"No." Sherlock said, shaking his head. "You're not- you're not real! You're not here! That's not true!"
Irene leaned close to him with a smile. "Oh, we are going to be the most beautiful couple of the school."
"You had already saved me John, more times than I can count. And you did save me this once. I'm here, I'm alive."
John stopped her by lifting a hand. "We really don't have to talk about it." If what Holmes said was true, then Sarah probably knew they had met too and to admit that he had absolutely forgotten about him would be even more embarrassing. He didn't need more people to find out about it. He definitely wanted to avoid more headlines.
They broke apart instantly and John took a deep breath. He nudged Sherlock. "We should really go before she opens the door." He said with a smile.
"Yes..." Sherlock said, a little embarrassed, because his posh house wasn't like him at all. He focused his attention back to Irene. "Listen, I want to ask you something."
John stopped looking at the path and turned to face the greaser. "Oh. Yes, I suppose. But not too loud."
Sherlock held his breath as John approached him, his mind went blank. Then John stopped, checked on his vital signs, moved a bit the dosage of the IV, turned to look at Sherlock once again, and took his hand.
“Dr. Watson, are you with us?” Hawthorne examined John carefully, his eyes fixed on John’s unresponsive face.
He slowly placed it over Sherlock’s shoulders, as if he was covering all of his secrets, letting him know that he could trust him, no matter what.
“I want to see you mixing colors, feeling them, creating with them, imagining possibilities, bringing a touch of life into every single one of your traces. This is your opportunity to prove me wrong, to show me the magic hidden within each hue, within each tone.
"Okay okay! I will sketch a map of where her house is. Thank you, thank you so much Sherlock!" She said smiling and rushing downstairs.
The next morning John woke up tired and uncomfortable. Every inch of his body hurt so much and he was lonely and it was cold, and in London's winter everything looked dark and it was 6 a.m and he wanted to keep sleeping but he simply couldn't. He was going on a date with her, a
“I’m sorry”, Sherlock said after a moment. “This wasn’t how I expected it to be. I wanted to solve the case and see that smile that draws in your face when you see the solution. I wanted to see that small spark in your eyes when you faced danger. I wanted you to be happy once again.”
He couldn't believe what his eyes were seeing. Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him, was alive, was perfectly healthy. How the hell was that even possible? Lestrade didn't have the slightest idea. He cleared his throat and almost shouted. "You idiot, you complete, utter idiot!"
something. There's love. And love is quite something. It's quite everything." She said with a smile.
Jim and Sebastian sat in front of him, pretty much blocking his view to the nerds table. Which was, of course, for the best.
Sherlock let out a smirk. "Good. I'll see you later John, you still have lots of things to learn about rock n' roll."
It was John's first kiss ever, and it should have been weird, it should have been awkward, it should have been disappointing. But somehow, it was perfect. It was just him and Sherlock, and he felt utterly comfortable and it just felt right. Wether he was a good kisser or not, he had absolutely no idea, but that didn't matter now. What mattered was that he was kissing Sherlock Holmes! How did that happen?
It was Saturday evening, John was leaving to the party in less than half an hour and he might be experiencing a panic attack. He didn't like to socialize, he didn't enjoy it, lest of it all, drinking and dancing, what the hell was going through his mind to think this had been a good decision? Now, standing in front of his closet, he felt like he was the biggest idiot in the world.
He forced himself to look up and he found Sherlock's blue/gray/green eyes fixed on his lips. It was irresistible.
"I found him and tried to talk to him but he didn't recognize me." His eyes were still completely focused on the cases, as if the world's fate depended on it.
Sherlock looked at it and hummed. His eyes were a bit blurry though, and John, as the good doctor he was, noticed it immediately. "What's wrong?", he asked, going from relaxed and calmed to worried and tense in a second.
"So he matters." Mycroft said with a small smile drawing in his face. "What a shame he believes he is nobody, because clearly he
“Lestrade”, Sherlock replied without thinking, and then silently scolded himself for being such an idiot.
"Sherlock Holmes, we both know who sent that text, so stop acting like you don't give a damn about it and see what she has to say now!"
John walked and stopped right in front of him. He bent down. Sherlock’s eyes closed and he kept his head down. “No”, he heard John say in a very soft tone, “no Sherlock, you didn’t.”
John stood up from his chair and looked at Sherlock, who was frozen and silent, his eyes fixed on John.
“I am”, he whispered and felt John shiver next to him. He looked down and realized that his lips were almost touching his earlobe. He didn’t move away.
"I'm the person who knows your secret and it's willing to help you hide it! You should be thanking me!" She said, getting a bit angry too.
Sherlock blinked and walked towards John just in time to catch him by the forearm and stop him. “John. Don’t. Please.”
John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock talked with such passion, that he felt as if art was pouring out of every cell in his body and simply hung in the air, somewhere between them. He stared at Sherlock’s hands as they moved through the air, feeling propelled towards them, desperately wishing he could simply reach out and touch them, feel and check by himself if they truly were soft, rough, tender, or if they had callouses. He licked his lips.
John had changed. Not drastically, but enough to catch Sherlock's attention. First, his left hand was clenching and unclenching into fists, trying to control a tremor which only seemed to get bigger and bigger. Sherlock knew what that tremor meant. Second, some lines of expression had grown in his face, accentuated by the dark bags just beneath his eyes. Sherlock knew what that meant too.
“Yes?”, Sherlock asked. If Jones had escaped, then Sherlock would be certain he was Isabella’s killer. He hoped those were the news Lestrade would give him.
John shook his head, trying pointlessly to stop his body from shaking uncontrollably. "I'm sorry, I can't. I just... I can't do this, Sherlock. This is too much. I feel sick."
"That day I needed you to watch. Moriarty had planned to destroy me, had done for a very long time, it had to be done slowly, step by step. And he did it, he destroyed my reputation, turned Scotland Yard against me, turned the press against me, and the last thing he needed to destroy was-"
"...I...", Sherlock was caught off guard. "No. I mean yes. But I'm- I'm not dead, John. I'm here. I came back. See? It's me."
"Hm?", Sherlock asked against his neck, his voice deep and hoarse and John involuntarily buckled his hips towards Sherlock's, driven by that seductive baritone, desperately seeking contact. Sherlock smiled as he tasted the feel of John's skin.
John was shocked. He didn't expect to listen to that. He didn't expect Sherlock to be so unhappy about it. He didn't know what to say. The greaser kept looking down, silent, closing his eyes, haunted by memories. John knew that feeling, he felt it too, sometimes.
"Wow, I thought things had changed a little with all this time being away, but I see they haven't. I don't know yet if you know where to look at. I still don't quite understand you."
Sherlock replied with an even lower voice tone, which made impossible for John to understand it. Meanwhile, John was trying to understand what Mycroft had meant with
Sherlock took him by his chin and lifted him up so they were properly face to face. And it was the first time in six days John looked at those blue/green/gray eyes and he shuddered. He ordered his brain not to look at Sherlock's lips, because they were nothing. "John look at me."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Anyway, as you might -or might not- know, pencils are hard and soft. H is for Hard, B is for Soft.”
“I’m taking him to hospital”, he listened to John’s voice. He felt when he was picked up and he opened his eyes. His head hurt. So did his back. His back was killing him.
Except he had crossed the line a million times before, and John always came back, because he cared for him, of course he did, he was his best friend, but apparently he wasn't Sherlock's.And that made him even angrier, how could he say that John Watson, the man who cried his death for two years straight, the man who had saved his life so many times, the man who had always been there for him, wasn't even his friend?
He took out his phone for the fifth time in three hours while they were on the cab heading towards Lacuna.
He would finally be able to tell John all of those things. Face to face. Just the two of them against the rest of the world once more.
“We’ve been functioning for 23 years, Mr. Holmes. We do have lots of clients”, she replied as if she had read his mind, “you can imagine how crowded this gets on Valentine’s Day.”
"Friendly?" John said looking at Jim, even though he barely noticed a silhouette, he couldn't see at all without his glasses.
"I consider seven times to be many", Mycroft replied calmly. "This is my fault", he said looking down, a twinge of disappointment painting his face, "I should have seen it coming".
Sherlock laughed and placed a kiss in John's cheek. He grimaced as he did so though, the wound in his abdomen felt like it was as capable of taking his breath away as John's kisses did.
There were other moments when his head bursted with ideas, it was as if his sole breathing was a whole melody, as if every single one of his senses aligned itself to become a
He climbed up the steps, slowly, silently, remembering exactly which was the way. The power station hadn’t changed at all: it was as messy and abandoned as it had been almost three years ago.
"It's Greg! And yes I'm sure, it's really late and then I won't be able to take the underground back home, but thank you, dinner was delicious, and thank you for the gift John, really nice from you. Give my best to Mrs. Hudson"
Just after the class, John stood outside of the door to 221B and thought about how he could even begin to explain Sherlock Holmes, and he found he simply couldn’t do it. Sherlock was fantastic, he was so smart and such a perfectionist and such a real and compromised artist. Staring at him was like looking at a painting, and the way his hands moved with the charcoal and created such a brilliant magic, it truly was something John felt lucky for having the pleasure to witness.
"It's the first time I get a detention! I've never shaken an eraser before! God! I will miss Chemistry club!"
John smiled. "I really have to, but hopefully I'll be discharged later today and I'll come back to take care of you, okay?"
Sherlock threw the cigarette to the floor and stepped on it quickly. "Good morning, Mr. Hikes." He said smiling weakly and trying to sound as charming as possible.
"Shhh", John said placing a finger over his lips. Sherlock shuddered at the sensation of John's skin. He sat up and linked their lips together once again.
He stood up to make himself tea. His seventh cup of the day. He couldn't remember when it had been the last time he had eaten. He wouldn't remember it anyway, his head was too busy creating a series of nonsense and seconds on a loop.
Mike rolled his eyes, “would you let me finish? Anyway, I was talking to Kevin, the manager of the Gallery and I told him I knew the perfect artist for the exhibition, and I mentioned your name, and brought up that one of your painting was on the Tate Modern, and he seemed quite impressed. He wants to see your work.”
John felt a pinch of excitement hearing that. He certainly enjoyed being called a doctor. He wanted to be one, and this was a good way to start, even if it was terrifying, he knew Sherlock would be there to support him. He smiled back. "After you, Detective Inspector."
"I'm sorry", he whispered against John's head. "I'm sorry it had to be this way. I never wanted to hurt you, John. Never."
Sherlock was holding his phone. He was looking at it, and he didn't look up at John: "Good night John".
John couldn’t explain, he felt his own brain freeing himself from all restraints, as if Afghanistan and the emptiness and his scar had only been a dream he had woken up from and used for a painting. He felt as if the gunpowder and the war and the sand and
John didn't move, didn't reply, he just stood there, holding onto the embrace and leaning into Sherlock's chest as if his life depended on it.
Sherlock slumped himself on the couch, feeling exhausted. There had been a time in his life when the living room had been surrounded by works in progress, drawings of people and bodies and faces and lights and shadows, but now there was nothing but the furnitures.
“I’ve never taught anyone anything, but I could give it a try, as long as you don’t be insufferable and pretend to be an idiot”, Sherlock said with a small smile and a shrug.
John had fallen asleep half an hour ago. The process was just beginning. Hawthorne had checked on vital signs, connected the wires and Melissa hit ‘enter’ a bit reluctantly. John didn’t say a single word before falling asleep. Hawthorne wished him luck and gave him the sleeping pill. Melissa took a last glance at John and could have sworn he was having second thoughts about this, but he didn't retreat. He looked bitter, yet he still managed to seem determined, and that was what determined her to press ‘enter’.
All he could feel was John's lips chasing after him and his hands caressing Sherlock's forearms and he realised he was trembling and he felt so overcome with feelings he thought he was going to cry.
"We have to do this damn work and it's due for next Monday and are three pages! In typewriter! And we don't even have a topic! So if I were you I would stop having that attitude and start working! You don't have to talk to me, you don't even have to look at me, but for God's sake, do some work!"
And Mycroft looked at John trying to repress a laughter, which later became into a huge surprise when the greaser opened the door and left, rolling his eyes and sighing.
table. Harry was there, laughing. Probably she had no idea of what Jim had done to her brother, she wouldn't have allowed that. And then it was Jim. Serious, focused, not listening to any of them. Sebastian looked at him worriedly, Greg was just eating his lunch without doing any comments and not a single sign of Sherlock.
He ignored his mother's advise and went out of his house, the killer couldn't just come now and kill them all, could he? The street was chaotic and a generally peaceful and quiet neighborhood had become the focus of attention of the whole town. John's heart was still racing. The police was closing the crime scene. The rumors pointed that the two of them had been murdered.
His skin was so soft. So private so mysterious so apparently unreachable. Yet there he was, allowing him in, tearing his barriers down.
Greg could at least imply it a bit, see if John remembered something about Sherlock, a bit at least would do. "Do you remember the last case in which you helped us? I forgot..." He lied.
John had learnt to recognize (and name) the different colors he’d seen along his career. He had a sharp eye for colors, and yet he couldn’t put a name on the color of Sherlock’s eyes.
"Well, it basically consists on activating a certain neuron on the brain which will generate a dissociative amnesia, which, stimulated by the pictures and mementos of a certain individual, will generate a lacunar amnesia, hence the name of the institution."
John got up from his chair and looked at Harry, who looked at him with eyes open, a small smile drawing in her face. "Of course you are."
His eyes turned heavier, heavier. He had to close them, the white ceiling was turning black. That was never a good sign, he should listen to his brain just this once. His fingers on the right hand twitched a bit, but even that slight movement was far too much for him, he felt exhausted just by doing that.
Sherlock slowly moved his fingers from where they were resting, in the seat, towards the hand John was using to lean his weight on. He intertwined them. “Okay”, he whispered.
After a trip that seemed endless, he finally arrived to school. His new school. Dull. As soon as he left the bus he took out another cigarette and lit it, it helped with his anxiety, the smoke washed the frustrations away. Almost immediately after he lit it, somebody touched his shoulder. He turned to see who had done that, and saw an old man with a very serious face, who instantly took Sherlock's cigarette out of his hand, threw it to the floor and smashed it with his feet.
John kept shaking his head and trying to hold back the tears that were threatening to come down fiercely. Because he remembered, he remembered the moment they got the call from the policeman and they arrived to the place where a car stood half-destroyed while their car seemed to be good, and Harry was so wasted she couldn't even remember her name. One of the first things that came to his mind whenever he remembered the accident was that person who was entering to the ambulance, eyes closed, bleeding, who seemed like wasn't going to make it. And now the memory seemed unbearable because it was Sherlock and he almost lost Sherlock and it was all his sister's fault.
John knew the consequences of that procedure, he wouldn’t have done it unless he had been completely certain and determined to forget him. He wouldn’t have done it unless that what he felt about Sherlock was much more than just the idea of a ‘dear friend’. Was Sherlock’s absence from John’s life as unbearable as John’s absence was from Sherlock’s life? but worse? Because John didn’t know, didn’t have the certainty he’d be back. To John, that had been it. He hadn’t been enough to save him and he had pushed him to jump and there was no chance to turn it back. To John, Sherlock had died, he certainly had, and he had pushed him to do it when he called him a machine.
But when he wanted to run away from John, he had nowhere to go. Because the physical space was John, his mind was John, his phone was John, 221B was John.
John turned again. He opened his mouth, and Sherlock heard his voice after what seemed like a lifetime. Mind Palace John had a slightly different voice from real life John. "Excuse me?" John said, his face turning into a tiny frown.
"John is awake and is being hydrated. He will be taken to a room to keep control of his vital signs, but he's fine."
John nodded, encouraging him to continue. Somehow, John felt like all the wounds left by that accident to his sister and Sherlock were healing. He was healing as well.
Sherlock shook his head, "No, no apparently nobody knew where they had moved to. This town is very small, John, it barely appears on the maps. Seems like the perfect place to hide."
John shook his head. “No. That’s”, he cleared his throat, “that’s exactly the color I used. I hadn’t seen it in ages. I used to love it.”
That day I met a man, his name was Sherlock Holmes. The name sounded oddly familiar, and he knew my name too, which was odd, but I thought I would remember someone like Sherlock Holmes.
John grabbed the tube of the two blue paintings and looked around, trying to find the palette. Sherlock giggled. John turned to look at him, a small frown in his forehead, that was frankly an addictive sound. One John wanted to listen to more commonly.
Sherlock nodded and leaned closer to place a chaste kiss on John. That until he heard a tap on the window.
He didn’t remember anything else, he just remembered falling asleep on his bed and staring into John’s soft, blue eyes.
Sherlock blinked and remembered one of the things Melissa had said while he talked to Mycroft on the phone. What was it?
John stood by himself but Sherlock didn’t let go of him. “Yes”, he whispered as he stared into those impossible cobalt sky blue mint cerulean verdigris turquoise teal tiffany blue eyes. “Yes. It’s just-”, he dragged a deep breath, “are all of these yours?”
John thought to himself. As he entered, he was received with pats on the back and was given a red cup full of beer, which John stared at, currently self-conscious of what he was about to do.
He gasped as John's lips closed around his index finger once again, but he opened his eyes because he had to look at this, he had too take into the curves, the shapes, the shadows.
John leaned his head against the door and simply breathed, trying to calm down his rushing heart. Sherlock sat next to him, still holding his hand.
touching and they just breathed one another and John couldn't help but smile and Sherlock leaned even closer and John could almost taste him and...
It was beautiful. It was as if the eye had come to life. A small element of impressionism there, but sticking to reality. Only John Watson could do something like that. He was brilliant. Why he didn’t have any more paintings at the Tate Modern was beyond Sherlock.
And that statement should have been enough. Except it wasn't. "I don't believe you." John said and it came out sounding very harsh.
He stared for a while as John bit his lip and dragged a deep breath and his hand twitched just a little and what could possibly be coming? Did he know he was in danger? Did he know Sherlock was hiding it from him? Did he get tired of Sherlock? Did he want to go? Did he want to stop helping and couldn’t bring himself to say it? What was it?
John tried very hard not to shout at her. He was angry, and yes, he was jealous. "What do you want from him? What now? Why now? Why here?"
Then the patrol turned into the street which had became the place of the crime scene. Sherlock gasped. John lived down that street.
Sherlock stood up as soon as he read the message and went to the living room to check the mantelpiece. A red box, just like three years ago. He unwrapped it. It was a dark blue scarf, with a note on it. Sherlock took the note and put the scarf on:
Was he expecting to get a redemption? after what he had said to John it seemed unlikely. Perhaps John would beat him again? Or he would simply sit and eat his dinner in silence? Or ask for more explanations?
Before pulling the accelerator, he turned on the radio, and it was in the same station as Sherlock had left it. And John turned the volume up and let himself go with the music. And he decided this rock n roll music was not much of a simple noise after all.
was the wake up call which told Greg something was completely wrong. How the hell was it possible that John Watson remembered the cases but didn't remember the man who solved them? He stood silent for a moment frowning, and realized he hadn't replied yet. John eyed him curiously. "Not really." He replied absentmindedly.
Sherlock opened it, it contained a form with her name, her picture and contact information of her, along with a tape, a tape just like the one they had made of John, the one he had listened to as he felt every single tiny thread of light leaving him, sorrow and pain leading the way. It felt like it had been ages ago, yet it still hurt. After all that had happened between him and John, it still hurt to think about it.
He looked miserable, utterly and completely miserable, he looked exhausted, as if he was done with all of this stupid little game: always on and off, he meant it. He meant all of it.
John smiled as he took the first magazine and opened it curiously, but Sherlock stopped him and closed it, pointing at the cover of it. "This...is Elvis." He said slowly as if he was teaching the alphabet to a three-year old, looking fixedly at John.
After Greg left, Sherlock opened the book and started reading it with the same excitement as a kid with a new toy would feel, his face was lighting up, John looked at him from the kitchen, smiling, he looked so adorable. It was rare seeing this side of Sherlock, so he treasured the moments it happened.
Mrs Hudson smiled as she saw John and after saluting her, they went up the stairs. John was aiming for Mycroft's library but Sherlock, who was ahead of him, walked towards his room.
"Righto!" Irene said to stop the mutters from the rest of the greasers. "...So I was thinking, maybe we should go... and, you know, teach them how to throw a party."
"That's not information I needed to hear, so I'll pretend I didn't and keep talking. Anyway, I found a note in his coat. She gave him a present and asked him to wear it in their date tonight!"
“You can do so much better than this. You have the capacity, John. To say I’m disappointed is an understatement.”
"You sound so confident, Sherlock. How can you be so sure of every damn thing? How can you be so relaxed? Things just happen to work out for you!"
Sherlock cleared his throat, he didn't know what to say, nor how to say it, so he stole John's words. "There are lots of ways in which one might want a person. I love you. In every single way."
"...and when we realized it, it was very late. I swear I was going to call you mother, but we were so busy, we had lots of things to correct from the paper and this Holmes guy is not easy to work with and we don't get along very well and he is a greaser and just...ugh. It was a long evening."
Somehow, the day after their meeting John’s hand was working much better. Still trembling every once in a while, but John could control it at some extent, which motivated him to start drawing once again. He hadn’t grabbed a brush yet, but drawing was a start.
John’s heart raced in a way he could only explain as a pre-heart stroke, which wasn’t a very common thing among people his age, but not something that was unheard of. 32 was a very risky age, after all. He swallowed and told himself to stop being stupid and immature. He was 32 after all.
Their kiss deepened, John held onto any scrape of skin he could take, feeling the softness and the warmth of it. He was getting used to Sherlock’s vivacity too fast, and that could end up being counterproductive, terribly counterproductive.
"No. I'm fine, I will be back in a moment." John said standing up. Mike nodded and kept talking to his friends, who seemed oblivious to John's state.
Sherlock laughed too. They laughed for a while, feeling a deep sense of relief and of comfort in each other.
As soon as Greg left, Sherlock came back to John's room. John looked at him. "I have to go." Sherlock said.
Sherlock dragged a deep breath. So John had been asking him because he’d seen the news. Hardly a difficult deduction. He looked up the internet for news on the Continental Hotel.
to make things right, John could see that, the way he smiled shyly at him, as if afraid he might just storm off and leave everything just like that, the way he talked to him, apologetically, the way he looked at him...
It was a full circle: seeing John would cause John pain, not seeing John would cause him pain, which would force him to see John again. Either way: one of them would end up hurt.
"I'll do it." Sherlock said and then opened his eyes in surprise, like he didn't know why he said what he said.
He climbed up the stairs fast, filled with a deep need to see John again. He didn't even know what was happening right now between them, he just felt that John, being at Baker Street, being with him, was the right thing. The best thing.
He took a deep breath, closed his eyes and pictured the detective’s smile on his mind. That tiny smile he only saved for John Watson when he was about to reveal how he deduced something. The only times it was genuine it was directed towards him. Suddenly he felt incredibly lucky, because he got to meet Sherlock Holmes, and hell, his life had changed completely. Sherlock had saved him in so many ways.
It was almost 3 in the morning when Harry finally stood up with a lot of effort, looking at John, who was laying in his chair, half-sleep. God, they both were so drunk, but they hadn't talked like that in ages, they were like old friends. Harry was so happy of getting to know his brother so much better.
Sherlock thought -and apparently exclaimed in awe at his own deduction-, Melissa and Lestrade turned to look at him with a confused expression, “OH!!!!”, he clasped his hands together once again.
There was just one tiny detail that Lestrade hadn't bothered to find out. But Melissa had confirmed it for him.
Sherlock started pacing across the office, his hands below his chin. He didn't say hello, nor bothered to tell his thoughts to Lestrade. Everything fell silent in the room. Lestrade shifted his weight from one foot to the other, clearly filled with impatience.
They stopped in front of a painting that captivated him. He stared at it through the curls of his forehead, and his sight fixed onto the eyes of the man holding the air pump with the bird. The man seemed to be staring at him. "What's that?", he asked, his eyes fixed on what was in front of him, as if some kind of spell had befallen over him.
He blinked and shook his head, shaking himself out of this stupid reverie. He could not, they could not. John wouldn’t want to, anyway. He had to get those silly ideas off his head or they’d end up ruining everything.
He knew things weren't going exactly as planned when he started sweating. That was definitely not normal, it had never happened to him before when he was on pills. His heart seemed to be getting out of his chest because it couldn't stop beating, it moved faster and faster and faster and he couldn't calm it down, he simply couldn't.
well, by saying inspiration I’m merely using the romantic term you like so much, it means that there’s
He was walking somewhere and then there was light and a mask of oxygen being placed on Sherlock's face and oh god there was an oxygen mask on Sherlock's face and he was inside an ambulance and he stumbled.
He flinched internally, “she had died. I had assumed so because I had seen her body at the morgue. She wasn’t. She summoned John here-”
"So... You've talked to John?" Greg asked a bit too straightforward. He realised he probably shouldn't have asked, when he saw the way Sherlock stopped abruptly at the end of the stairs and cleared his throat.
After waiting for over an hour, John sighed and turned on the car and the radio. He put a classic music station. Beethoven. So much better than...whatever this music was. While listening to the tune, John wondered what exactly was going through his mind the moment he started having feelings for Sherlock. Because there was no point in denying it now. He definitely had them. But it was wrong and stupid and irrational and it was never going to happen again. Yes. John nodded convinced. He could get over this phase of stupidity.
They started walking back to school, drinking their coffees in silence. Surprisingly, it wasn't an awkward silence, it was very comfortable, but John felt the need to break it and actually say something. "We could have stayed, you know?"
The boy breathed hard, his anger suddenly coming back to him. "You didn't have to yell at me", he said, still feeling a bit hurt after the greaser had shouted him.
As they were on their way to the police station, John told Sherlock: "So, what are we going to gather there?"
Sherlock continued, "it was imperative to do it so, I needed you to be there for the final act. I needed you to be the last person I would talk to."
"I- ah... I couldn't stop thinking about you all day", John admitted as soon as Sherlock's mouth left his to place an open-mouthed kiss on his neck.
He had always hated what he painted, thinking it was never good enough, but he had never truly and completely
"I don't know. I seriously don't Lestrade, there is no reason for me to be lying to you and less to be helping a criminal who wants to kill people to leave a message. But I will help you find him, this is starting to get personal. Take me to the lab, we are going to try and find any signs of rust within the victim's body. I am as interested as you are to find out who he is." -Sherlock looked at his clock. 4:00 p.m. "Take me now!"
"No, it was not." He smiled. He couldn't deny it had been something unusual of Sherlock to do. The way he looked at him, it was...weird.
His eyes opened at once, and he looked up to see... "John?", he whispered as he saw the dark silhouette standing in front of him.
John looked disappointed. "Christ, Sherlock! I'm away for one day, one day and look at all the things that happen! What was it now? Cocaine? Heroine?"
They moved faster, driven by despair. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at John, who was lost in pleasure, in a way he had never seen him before. And realization hit Sherlock, for the hundredth time in that day: John was allowing him in just as much as Sherlock was doing. With every thrust, with every movement, with every word, with every expression, with every moan, John was letting Sherlock in, showing him a deeply intimate part of himself.
"Wait! Aren't you going to invite me into your house?" She asked, hiding the smile and looking very serious.
John brought the mirror closer to him and stared at his own eyes. Sherlock looked at the reflection in the mirror. He liked John’s eyes. While he was growing up, people used to tell him all the time that they couldn’t put a name on the color of his own eyes, because sometimes they were blue, then they were green and then they turned grey.
Sherlock would wake up in the middle of the night with nightmares. He had them almost every night. John would look at him worriedly in the morning, seeing the increasing bags beneath his eyes and his restlessness, and one day he talked to Mycroft, arrangements were made, and John slept next to Sherlock.
Sherlock, who was still sitting in the chair, still typing and still not paying attention to them, rolled his eyes and turned up the volume of the record player, until there was almost nothing hearable except Buddy Holly's
"But God! I don't want to work with him!" John said as he looked hesitantly at his lunch, suddenly he had lost his appetite. "How am I supposed to work with him without ending with a black eye or a broken rib or a punch on the face?"
A person was behind Greg, the DI moved and Sherlock's mouth fell open. John Watson was here. 221B. His home.
you to know. You feel like you don't know me at all, don't you? Well, I'm opening the doors, I'm letting you in. I'm opening up."
And Sebastian did, and John felt his back clinch in pain as soon as he hit the lockers loudly, then Sebastian grabbed John's glasses and threw them to the floor. John couldn't see anything. At all. "What the hell?" He said trying to stand up.
She smiled softly and walked out. Meanwhile, Sherlock stayed at Lestrade’s office, looking for a particular folder he’d rather keep hidden.
"...it's running late. I should just go home" -Greg said notably feeling uncomfortable, things were getting really tense and he felt he was knowing more than he should.
John heard Sherlock singing lowly. He turned to look at the boy and he stopped singing immediately, to answer John's question. "Heartbreak Hotel. Elvis."
“Did you know that Alan Turing lived here?”, Sherlock asked as soon as they walked around Little Venice.
“He abandoned you days before the wedding. You had been together for three years. You reintroduced yourself to him after he erased you from your mind. You didn’t know he had done so and the pain was so big it caused a permanent brain damage on him. He’s still at the hospital, isn’t he?”
He moaned into John's mouth as he felt John's fingers moving through his chest, still covered in his shirt -and so he planned it to keep being for as long as he could- John apparently seemed eager for seeing other parts, his hands stopping over the very notable bulge in Sherlock's trousers.
“It’s a mix between Cadmium Yellow Light and Cadmium Yellow, with a touch of Yellow Ochre. But romantics prefer calling it Autumn Orange.”
Seven pm on a Monday! He had homework to do! His parents thought he was just going to Chemistry club! Which was supposed to finish at four! How on earth was he going to explain them that he skipped the club to fill a detention he had gotten and then he spent the remaining hours with a boy who happened to be a greaser and also the one to blame for his detention? He better come up with an excuse and do it fast.
They had built new memories, of course, but the reminiscences of the pool the woman the hound the fall the banker the study in pink. All of them were gone. He wondered for a moment how it was possible that a single moment could be earth-shattering and life-changing for someone whereas it meant nothing for someone else.
Sherlock didn’t know how to reply to that. He didn’t have an answer. His mind filled him with a sudden need to see him again. A need he had left on a corner of his brain, forgotten. Now it was coming back, uncontrollable, stronger than ever. He had to see John Watson. “Where is he, then?”
But just as he walked he felt the greaser grabbing his arm and pushing him towards the wall. Damn it, he didn't have nowhere to go, no place to escape, he was forced to look at Sherlock directly to his face, to those blue/green/gray penetrating eyes.
"Can we go now, please?" John was bored, this day seemed endless, and though he enjoyed Harry's company, he felt... Empty. Everything seemed dull and annoying and predictable and stupid and Sherlock wasn't there.
Greg shook his head. "No. Sorry dude but I heard about the accident. I'm not lending you my rocket."
read his mind. He was struck by Sherlock’s intelligence and perception. He sighed, “you don’t know that.”
"SHERLOCK HOLMES IS DEAD!", John snapped, losing his patience. The sound reverberated through every corner of the office, and the sound was so deep that the glass of the windows almost vibrated with the volume of John's voice.
"The bullet hasn't come out yet, it is blocking the blood flow slightly. Still possible damage in liver, stomach and lungs, as well as some broken or sore ribs. We need to stop the bleeding and check the state of the internal organs immediately-"
No matter what, he could never produce something as powerful as that painting. Everything he painted was so…real, so human, so squared, following the logics and the rules of neoclassicists that lived 300 years ago.
"It was a trick. Just a magic trick", Sherlock said, trying to stimulate John's memories. Perhaps they would come back.
I have to admit that for 90% of the time that it took writing this fic I swore that after finishing this I wouldn't ever want anything to do with this au, mostly because it was emotionally extenuating. I wanted this to be the last chapter and be done with this universe.
Then the pain registered in his brain. He squeezed his eyes shut as he was hit by the cruel reality: he'd been shot.
And as soon as Sherlock had finished he did, and Sherlock gasped in surprise before relaxing comfortably into John’s arms. John breathed happily against Sherlock’s neck. “Thank you”, he whispered.
"Of course I would do something like this! Now shut up and enjoy of the road without asking me anything else."
"I know! Mike told mom. She is not happy about that. I am. Good thing you dared to do something bad for once!" She said, smiling.
"Yes? Well, I'm very sorry about that. I have to go. Just...pass the paperwork to typewriter, that's all. You don't need me for that." John said taking a deep breath and turning his back to walk away. It was the best thing to do. John couldn't let this happen. Not again. No. No. No.
John didn't open his eyes. Sherlock's voice sounded so beautiful. But he was so angry. So freaking angry.
John couldn’t help but cringe at the mention of Moriarty’s name. Sherlock turned to look at him worriedly.
important? How can you say that Sherlock! This man forced you to kill yourself, worse, he forced you to do it in front of me!. You could had, at least, told me what this man wanted!". John felt so angry, he didn't know why, he just wanted to shout at Sherlock for putting himself into so many risks, for acting so lonely, for not telling him anything.
“Yes, that’s a good one. Now, keep your traces soft, we don’t want marks on the paper. Also look at that poor paper you used on your drawing, please John, how do you expect to get a good result when you sketch in the same paper people use for mathematical sums?”, he said with disdain.
Mike’s portrait hadn’t even begun to make justice to Sherlock Holmes’ features. His face was fascinating, completely and absolutely fascinating. His curly hair fell over his forehead and those cheekbones...those cheekbones.
That was why. That was why the killer had chosen a place associated with something that had been erased. To torture them.
Sherlock walked in as if he owned the place, his hands tucked in the pockets of his Belstaff and looking impressively calm, in contrast to his terrified voice when they had talked to each other a bit more than an hour ago.
I'm so sorry for taking so long to update, although you're probably used to that :( this chapter is my redemption though, so enjoy! :3 thank you so much for reading and supporting this little one! x
"He is a trust-worthy man. And also a doctor." Sherlock said so seriously, it almost convinced John, who tried not to laugh.
"What? Have a milkshake sitting on the hood of your car while listening to rock n' roll with a greaser? Yes, I believe you." Sherlock said with a smile.
Now he didn’t know how long had it been since he last saw John, and that was the only thing he really regretted.
“The killer changed its MO! Look at that! They always killed their victims at their working place or at their homes, at some place where they’d be relaxed or comfortable. But Isabella-”
And well, that hell of a comeback left Sherlock speechless, he looked down, swallowed and barely mumbled "I hope not."
"Let's get us in and we'll talk about it through lunch". She smiled at him and entered to the restaurant. Sherlock looked at it, a very not- fancy, not-expensive restaurant, definitely not Irene's style, not at all. Why was she so unpredictable? He entered too.
Sherlock  felt like the air in the room was not enough, his chest was too tight, and John kept staring with a horrible smirk and with his red eyes with unshed tears and he wanted to run away. "I don't know what else to say, what to do. I wish I did but I don't. If I would have known, I would have walked away, I would have kept myself as far as I could but when I found out it was already too late, and I had missed you and I was selfish and-"
Sherlock felt the tears running freely, he closed his eyes as he listened to John’s voice. He bent his head down, he didn’t want John to see him like that, he’d seen enough vulnerability from him as he saw his scars, it would only make it worse to cry in such a desperate way in front of him.
When he closed his eyes, a thousand notes came to his mind, all scattered around. No matter how much he tried, there was simply no logic behind them. They drummed inside his head, as if he was playing a violin that was out of tune, a violin with broken strings.
It wasn’t. As soon as Sherlock stepped into the room he could tell that there was something odd in the design of the archive, and so, he discovered a secret passage that served as a tunnel between the backyard and the room, and it had been created in the manor long time ago, judging by the amount of humidity on it. The landlord claimed not to know anything about its existence, he even managed to look surprised.
They remained silent for a moment. John simply sat there, frozen to the spot, looking as if he wanted to leave, looking as if he wanted to stay. Sherlock looked down, he could tell from John's face that it wasn't time to tell him their whole story, which was what he had planned to do.
Sherlock stood up and looked at John, wiping the last tears from his face and laughing a laugh that was anything but a funny laugh. He looked down and shook his head.
This wasn’t Melissa’s MO. This was not how she killed. She used a knife, but not a gun, never a gun. She used the gun as a tool for personal defense which meant that she wasn’t used to it.
better fighting, and not letting it sink in for something as silly as an argument like the one they had.
Mike scratched the back of his head. “Well, it’s more like an idea that popped into my mind out of nowhere and-”
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as soon as they sat on the desk inside the room. "Melissa, where is Hawthorne?"
Then an awkward silence fell. And all he wanted was to get out of that bus and light a cigarette but damn it! He couldn't smoke in school!
He moved Sherlock's sleeve up and stared at the wound Sherlock had done to himself. John's eyebrows burrowed and his face turned serious, he turned to look at Sherlock's face, and then at Sherlock's other hand, as if he could tell exactly what had caused the injury. Sherlock felt as if he was raw naked, examined, observed, he felt small.
Sherlock moved towards the record player and took a vinyl. He put it up, showing it to John, who opened his eyes as soon as he heard the greaser's voice. "Alright Watson, you
"Shut up", John replied, letting go of his hand, and turning his back towards him. His breathing was ragged, and it looked as if he had turned from looking resigned to looking furious. "Shut up."
He was sitting on the chair at Lestrade's office. They were both silent and he hadn't realised that Lestrade was staring at him until he spoke up. "No, Sherlock."
." His voice croaked, and his breathing became slower, as he tried to calm himself once again. "And he truly believed that, but he didn't know he was the most human... Human being that I had ever known and he made me so happy and he was my best friend and I would have gone with him. I wouldn't have thought about it." In that second, he couldn't hold it anymore and a tear escaped through his eyes.
John walked closer to Sherlock, he spoke lowly, “look at the colors, so full of saturation, of green, of
Sherlock hesitated in front of the door of 221B longer than he thought. The rain was starting to fall and got him out of his stupor. So many thoughts were crossing down his mind, so many experiences and memories and he realised he was smiling like an idiot. The rain forced him to enter.
John smiled, that bright, clean smile that mixed colors that touched each other and yet distinguished one from other and that merged itself with the light blue of the sky. Sherlock felt drawn to that smile as if there was a magnetism behind it and couldn’t help but smile back.
After following the instructions carefully, Sherlock stopped in a small house which had the lights off. "It's here Harry, isn't it?"
They tumbled on the bed as they reached for each other's zippers, their hands crashing and standing in their way, they laughed as they kissed but finally managed to pull them down. Sherlock kissed John's chest, as much as he could reach without hurting his healing wound. John grabbed his hands and joined them together, their fingers intertwined and he smiled at Sherlock.
"Well?" John said, turning to face Sherlock, who was looking at the car dazzled. The greaser reacted and turned to look at him, this time defiantly, putting on the mask he seemed to have dropped before.
That's why he found it so strange he was suffering from a hangover so extreme he couldn't even remember what he had drunk to end up in that state or what brought him to take the decision of getting so intoxicated.
Sherlock nodded, biting his lip. He closed his eyes once again, feeling the corners of them starting to well up with tears. He couldn't cry, not in this moment, not in front of John.
He forced his eyes closed, trying to remember what had happened. Of course he remembered, and surprisingly enough, he wasn't worried about what he had done, he was worried about the fact that
The images were blurry, distorted, he barely felt as if he was part of those dreams. Sometimes he felt as if he was looking down and seeing them, like the image in a pool, with that man. Sometimes it felt as if he was looking up and seeing him, like the image in the building.
She pulled him in for a hug while he tried to stop the tears that were forming in his eyes. He wanted to tell her he was sorry, he wanted to tell her the accident had been Sherlock's fault, he wanted to tell her he was never going to see the greaser again, that he needed some advice about it, but he couldn't bring himself up to it. He stood in there, numb, not being able to articulate another word.
John looked up to him and they smiled at each other. It was as if a burden had been taken off his back, as if all the walls that were built around them had collapsed one by one, brick by brick, and there was nothing but the two of them and this cocoon of intimacy which was painted in yellow and blue and white.
“You started speaking in another language out of nowhere, and screaming and I couldn’t get you out of it. It didn’t last long, but it lasted long enough”, John replied shakily. He clearly was still disturbed by it.
years." -Sherlock recognized immediately when his brother used that expression, that little, sour smile drawing in his face, it could only mean trouble. Mycroft was furious.
The class went by and he didn't understand a single thing his teacher explained, but he didn't care (which showed him how much Sherlock had changed him in such a short period of time) and then it came: the bell. Lunch. One hour before detention. He was nervous but he had absolutely no idea what he was nervous about. And damn it. He couldn't still get Sherlock out of his head.
John nodded politely and Melissa came closer. "Dr. Watson, I'm a huge admirer of your blog, the stories you wrote were fantastic!"
"Unconscious when checked in. Eventually better. Managed to surpass the withdrawal. Thanks to your help."
"I missed you too, you big idiot." John said smiling back. "Now stop distracting me and let's do that project."
"Well, and I believe you will do great in chemistry!" She said with a grin. "You are putting so much effort in the club!"
John kissed Sherlock's finger delicately, with almost the same devotion Sherlock had examined the wrinkles in his lips. It was a moment charged with passion, with innuendo, but with another thing Sherlock couldn't put a name to, because he had never lived it before.
Sherlock smiled and then shook his head "To be honest, I was afraid you would have ended up saying something as silly as the black Elvis. That's why I decided to leave." Sherlock said laughing.
. It's not much, I know, but there's no one else I would ever trust enough to tell all my life to. Yet you've always been the exception to the rule, haven't you? The unexpected, the intriguing. The most incredible human being that I have ever had the good fortune of knowing.
Sherlock reacted and realized it was already dark, so it was late. He was sitting on his chair and looked at the woman, sitting in front of him, looking at him, smiling. He had forgotten she was still there, he had forgotten even what he had been thinking about all this time. "Excuse me, what?"
Mycroft kept his eyes on the newspaper, and smirked when he heard Sherlock: "I'm happy to see you too, brother dear. I'm fine, since you didn't ask"
Sherlock kissed him eagerly. It wasn't enough, none of this would ever be enough. He needed every single cell, every molecule of John Watson merged into every single one of his. He stopped to breathe for a moment, overwhelmed by the feeling, the memories, the love.
“They’re a bunch of idiots”, John said, anger drawing in his face. It was the first time in a very, very long while that John was angry but not to Sherlock.
He loved the feeling heroine brought. He loved how the world seemed less dull, more bearable, how his brain seemed to finally settle itself and the sad and ugly thoughts stopped and he just allowed himself to enjoy. But then it cooled down, and he needed more and he needed more and he needed more. And it wasn't even a need for chemical stimulation, it was a raw need to
Moran stood in the door and clenched his fists. "I told you to hurry! I wanted you to see by yourself who came with Holmes!"
Mike was already sitting in the restaurant by the time John arrived. Mike smiled at him and looked at him up and down before saying, “you look good, John.”
Sherlock walked fast and entered the place. "No, no, Johnny boy. There's a gig today! A new band! I saw the poster today and I thought you'd like the surprise. What do you say? Want to get in? Buy some vinyls and enjoy real music?"
He cleared his throat. "I can't assure you anything." He said standing up and moving towards the shelves of books, looking for every title which might say something about the origins or the development of chemistry.
But that day, he walked into the Tate Modern. Perhaps in a fit of absolute rage, needing something to focus his anger on, surely criticizing every work of art he saw in there would make him feel better.
She opened the door of the locker and hid her face behind it. She was trying to avoid him. Sherlock hadn't thought about it, probably John had told her he had been the one on the black Cadillac. He didn't feel anger towards her, he was okay with that, he got over it. It took him a while, but he made peace with it. Plus, she was John's sister. Sherlock couldn't hate her.
Melissa shrugged, “we can’t tell. There are so many folders that we can’t possibly keep track of all of them.”
Sherlock frowned and took out his phone. He unlocked it and effectively, saw a message from John, from two hours ago.
Sherlock stood quiet for a moment. Then he looked at Greg and invented an excuse, anything better than
Silence fell between the two of them. They looked around the empty hall, but they didn't look at each other, John because he didn't want to see the moment Sherlock would burst into laughter and say it was all a joke, because
He lifted his hand to stop her from talking. "I'm not here to talk about the accident. I know you're sorry. And I'm okay with that. Really. It's fine. I'm here to talk about John."
That wasn't technically a lie. After what had happened that afternoon they weren't friends. Right? John shook the thought away and smiled at his mother, who didn't look exactly happy but didn't look exactly angry either.
The image of their joined hands, for that small second on their last class, had been enough to make his brain work, to make his brain flow with images and ideas and he felt that nagging need to paint he only felt while looking at John’s painting.
John shrugged. "Sure." He sat up as she started connecting wires on his head. "Can I um... Can I please ask you a favor?"
Even though John expected it, hearing it from Sherlock's lips was harder than he thought. He felt his heart revolve. It hurt him to think about it, he never thought Sherlock would admit it. He wasn't happy, not at all. "Sure. Thanks for being... Honest."
"Yes. You will be this afternoon, when you two stay after lunch shaking the erasers. Is that clear?"
"Lacuna, Inc." Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "Please, Lestrade probably they put that on every patient."
He licked his lips in anticipation. He stood still for a moment, not daring himself to take the little plastic bag out of his pocket to take a look to the pills. He knew he wouldn't resist. He knew he wouldn't stop himself.
"Remember how I told you she had gotten into a witness protection program? Well, she didn't, she... She was killed, I'm sorry, I should have told you, but I'm telling you now because someone is playing a game with you Sherlock, and it's probably a very dangerous one".
Sherlock couldn’t reply, his brain was frozen. John Watson had slept with him throughout the night, had kissed him, was making him breakfast. And it was a
"Well, he is, thank you for stopping by. I'll tell him you came. Goodbye." -John went to the door, and pointed at it, expecting Irene would leave. She didn't move.
"Is it funny now? Is it still funny now? How does it feel, after seeing all you've done, how does it feel? Is it still part of your game? Am I part of your magic trick as well? Did you plan this? I bet it all went according to what you had planned, of course I would fall for it, of course I-", John shifted slightly.
John brought back to his mind the voice, the tone, the words thrown at him, being so beautifully delivered, and so happily received. The words that had made it all better. "He said he missed me."
Sherlock felt relief spreading all through his body. He smiled weakly at John, allowing the tears to fall down his face, just a little bit.
He didn't remember when was the last time he had gotten some proper sleep, certainly not since he came back to London.
He was too distracted to notice John walking towards him and kissing him. He gasped in surprise. He would never get used to John’s kisses, he knew that already. He was in too deep.
Sherlock smiled (a very, very fake smile as far as John could see) and moved to the side to talk to John. The greaser had his eyes fixed on him, penetrating him. As soon as they were at some distance from his friends, Sherlock rolled his eyes and look at John irritatedly. "Yes?"
Sherlock stood in the middle of the living room, looking at the stairs leading to John's bedroom intently.
She stood quiet, waiting for Sherlock to respond. He didn't, he just looked at her, directly into her eyes. He looked confused, dazzled and surprised. Time kept passing by, he didn't open his mouth, nor stopped looking at her, so Harry continued.
Sherlock hesitated, but then looked down at his arm. Lestrade was right, he was going nowhere and he
He sighed, starting to feel desperate. He had thought that catching the killed would bring him some kind of relief, but there was no such thing, only despair and a nagging, obnoxious voice in his head that sounded much like John that kept telling him over and over that he was
For a second that smell invaded his senses once again. It was sudden and fast and John wasn’t prepared for it. He gasped for breath and leaned back, feeling his legs would collapse.
"My, oh my." Another voice said. "Look who fell down again." Victor smiled at him, his face getting closer and closer to Sherlock's. "I told you this would happen, because this,
He had known Sherlock for five years before John appeared in his life. He had seen him at his best, he had seen him at his worst. He never thought Sherlock would be the kind to get used to that kind of life, so... Peaceful. Well, not exactly peaceful but stable, and he seemed happy. John Watson had done marvellous things in such a short period of time.
They stood like that for a long time, John couldn't tell how much it had been, but when he felt a little better, he wiped off his tears and loosened from Sherlock's hold. The greaser took him by the hand and said. "Come on, let's go back to school."
Melissa's pencil slipped from her hand, while her mouth remained open in a big 'O'. Hawthorne looked at her frowning while she bent down to pick the pencil up.
She leaned closer to him. He could smell her perfume again, delicious. Their lips were so close. And she was coming closer and closer. He could see those green eyes, with the pupils dilated. He let go, but something stopped him. Suddenly, Sherlock felt it was incredibly wrong, he backed out and stood up.
Before the bell rang in which seemed for John like the most eternal two hours he had lived in his entire life, Hikes took out the history
He hadn't talked much to Mike because there wasn't much to say. Well, there were lots of things to say but he didn't want to tell him those. He knew he needed a friend, but nor Mike nor Sherlock filled in that concept for him. One for being less than a friend, the other being more than a friend.
“They don’t. Fantasy intends to imitate perfection, desperately looks for it, but it will only be that, an impression.”
"I know I have... I just... I want to make things right. But I don't know how, Harry. I need your help. Please.
John's eyes widened at the sight of his sister. He was about to get out of the car when Sherlock's eyes met his and warned him silently not to.
He came back from his stupor. He’d painted a whole palette of grays in the palette. It was the only color he could see war in. There was nothing else, no depth, no profundity, no complexity. Simply gray.
They went to Baker Street and spent the day together. John sketched a bit here and there, Sherlock thought a lot about the textures, the patterns, the lights and the shadows of the human body, but they didn't paint anything.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at Mycroft's tone. Who did he think he was to scold him? "I. Was. Busy." He said sharply.
That was all it said, of course, Sherlock remembered what had happened then, and he didn't want to remember it. People doubted him.
"But, mom! It's 7 p.m! She always comes back home early in the morning after parties!", John couldn't deny he had a bad, very very bad feeling about this.
Sherlock lifted the tape the police had placed surrounding the house and turned to look at John, expectantly. "Well?"
"You found me there. What were you doing there? I thought you were- you didn't want to- you made it quite clear."
The class had been terrible, he spent the whole time trying to focus on the lesson he was receiving, instead of in John's hair and how badly he wanted to touch it and hold it and drown in his smell and God, when did all of this happened? When did the game become something more than just that?
Sherlock went into the bathroom and John took his pjs and started putting them on when he threw Sherlock's coat off the bed. He bent down to pick it, and he found a piece of paper on the floor. He picked it up. He read it:
He knew it was true. He rushed to the door, yawning. He opened it looking half-sleep. Mrs Hudson saluted him with a huge smile in her face. "Good Morning, darling! How are you feeling today? First day, last year, isn't it exciting?"
She smiled, some confusion drawing in her face. She didn't know whether he was joking or not. Yet, she didn't give up. "I'm Molly, Molly Hooper."
He took his homework and went upstairs, he closed himself in his bedroom. Biology could also be a therapy. He was definitely not doing history homework today. Sometimes it was hard focusing, there was a lot of fuss coming from the crime scene, police patrols, people chatting...Sherlock. Okay, now John was hallucinating, he was actually hearing Sherlock's voice. That didn't make sense, Sherlock must probably be at Irene's house, doing lots of stuff... The thought made John's stomach twist. He heard his voice again.
He touched his own face and felt his cheeks wet from his tears. He wasn’t supposed to break like that, he was supposed to be strong, both for John and him, but it was too much, it was all too much.
Melissa was still talking. Something about why she had murdered all the other people but he didn’t care. He had deduced it hours ago, on his way to Battersea. It was only obvious now that he thought about it.
She wasn't ordinary, no, she probably was exactly Sherlock's type. Did Sherlock even had a type? He never thought about it, probably he did, and probably she matched exactly all his criteria. He had saved her life after all. Bloody hell, he saved her life! After all she had done. He saved her. He loved her.
They had dinner in silence, except for some occasions in which Mycroft turned his gaze towards John and asked him some questions curiously. He asked him what he wanted to do after he graduated, where he was going to study, how did he go in school... John didn't seem bothered at all, but Sherlock was, specially because he knew his brother already knew the answer to all of those things he was asking. Sherlock was pretty sure that since the first time he saw them together he had gathered all the information about John Watson he could find. He hated that.
“I- hm, it’s getting late and so- I guess I’d better go. Yes. Erm.” Damn it. Where the hell were the words when he needed them? They were scattered in the air but he was unable to catch them, his brain far too busy trying to have a proper reaction to Sherlock’s voice.
John nodded, “you know, like a deep need to grab a brush, to merge with the painting, and to do it until your shoulders hurt and your hands stop moving on their own accord?”
John didn't come again. Not once, not by mistake, not to check up on Sherlock's health, nothing. He asked nurses and other doctors about John but the replies he got were vague and simple.
"It is physically painful to see you immerse in that sea of thoughts Mr. Holmes, a"lthough I have to admit I like to see you so focused, but I'd like to keep your attention elsewhere. We arrived about a minute ago and we stopped, yet you didn't seem to notice, what are you so thoughtful about?". She looked at him with excitement, like a mystery worth solving.
He licked his lip as an impulse. He couldn't help himself, the temptation was too big. He could simply walk out that door, two or three blocks to the east of shops and flats and grey dull buildings and finally he would get what he was craving for. Simple.
I'll go. But it has to be today and I have Chemistry club..." John knew how much it annoyed Sherlock, so he might as well take advantage of the situation. "...so you have to wait for me."
Sherlock placed a kiss on John's knuckles before letting go, focusing his attention on getting John out of his pants. John did the same, slowly, feeling like they had all the time and all the possibilities and uncertainties it brought with it ahead of them. And so they kissed once again, because they could.
His phone chimed. He looked at it in a hurry, knowing in the depths of his mind that it wouldn't be what he expected it to be, yet holding the endless, hateful hope that
John smiled and looked down, feeling scared of staring at those green/blue/grey eyes. "Boring. You weren't there. But good, I mean at least my parents didn't realize I was gone, and the next day I left the car at Clara's and apparently his parents didn't notice of the party either, so everything went out well."
. How was it even possible there was something about him which might be interesting enough to be published?
Sherlock didn't say a word, he preferred John to believe it was a drug bust. After all, he was keeping his promise to Irene.
Sherlock took a step forward too and said. "He is still studying. About to get graduated, but that's irrelevant. I haven't even finished high school and here I am, this case is in my hands."
Sherlock turned to look down for a moment, and immediately started trembling. His mind deceived him, he could have sworn he saw John standing right there, on the ground, looking up at him. His breathing was uneven, and rushed, and he closed his eyes because suddenly all of this was too much and he needed the reassurance that John was next to him, that John was alright, that John wouldn't scream "Sherlock!" From the top of his lungs.
Sherlock took his hand, lifted it and gave a quick kiss in the back of it. John smiled shyly. "And you are going to be a wonderful doctor. Alright, let's go."
Her dad looked at her and pointed towards the kitchen so she stood up with a sigh, picking up the plates while Sherlock tried to hide his disgust towards this man. He stood up and said goodbye avoiding Harry so she wouldn't get in any more trouble, and almost running, both John and Sherlock escaped the house, John sighing with relief as soon as the walked into the car.
And he missed him instructing him and whispering to his ear and the feel of his lips against his earlobe and-
John Watson was smiling at him. But not a happy smile, that bit of terrifying smile he could pull when he was furious. What the hell was he doing here?
That was the first thing that came into John's mind as he looked around. Why was there so much yellow?
Surprisingly enough, John decided he was too tired to do homework and all he wanted to do was to get some sleep. "Mom, I'm exhausted. I really am. I'll go to bed right now."
He didn't want to know. But oh god, he so desperately needed to know. A sigh as Mycroft left his guards down and slumped on the chair in front of him, while he rubbed his face. "Out of surgery. Not out of danger. The bullet was successfully extracted."
I'm very sorry for taking so long to update, but I've been so terribly busy, more than I've ever expected, and taking time off duties and boring real life sometimes it's impossible. Thankfully I managed to take just a bit of time off and here it is, enjoy. Or not. Or yes?
He felt himself shivering. He gasped for breath, suddenly feeling as if his lungs couldn't take it anymore, like he had lost all the oxygen left of them. He tried to calm himself. He took a deep breath and turned. Bad idea. Terrible idea actually, but too late to regret it now.
John tore his gaze apart, wondering how it was possible that he was starting to get addicted to those
Sherlock sighed inwardly because of course John knew all of that, of course he did, he had been here before, yet he felt the need to say it, he felt the need to make that evening perfect.
John spent most of his day in the Holmes' manor. Mycroft had left early, Mrs Hudson cooked them some delicious food and surprisingly enough, Sherlock actually ate something which already was a huge achievement.
He hated the person he had become and the art that had made him famous. Now he only saw stripes and dots and stupidity and colors that didn't match and he asked himself how he had ever chosen this life in the first place.
"Damn. She's coming!" Greg said standing straight. "Look natural." But she ignored them, instead she moved towards the boy who was standing next to them.
Sherlock hesitated, then looked at the girl, who kept her eyes fixed on him in a way that made him feel uncomfortable. "Umm, thank you? I'll think about it."
Moran looked at Sherlock with a smug smile on his face. He didn’t look surprised at all. Actually, he kind of looked as if he was enjoying it, as if he was telling the sleuth it had taken him too long to find him. What could mean that smile? Well, he would worry about it later.
He smiled and sat to talk with Molly, while Sarah looked for some music to play. She finally settled for some jazz, which most of the people enjoyed, giving her affirmative nods as the music started playing.
“I’m fine”, Sherlock replied. He still felt completely weak, as if the attack had suddenly cut off the last scrapes of energy he had left. John was right, he hadn’t eaten properly in a long time but the daze of the case had been enough to rise up his adrenaline. Still, after all of that he felt completely defeated and weak.
"Sure." Sherlock nodded. Then he turned to look at John, while Irene held his hand. "I'll see you later, okay?"
As soon as Mike looked at John, at the cafeteria he realized something was wrong. "Aye, John, what happened? You are red!". And hell he was, he was so angry, it was unfair, just because he didn't have anyone to team up, why was he forced to do it with the greaser?
Sherlock took it, opened it and realised it was way too big. He widened his eyes and raised his eyebrows, turning to look at the DI. "What would have you done if I had really died?"
