Dean nodded, the corners of his eyes crinkling up fondly.
“No, buddy, it’s not …” Dean had no idea how he was going to finish that sentence.
Holding back a sigh, Cas knelt his right leg on the bed beside Dean to give himself stability as he put his hands on both of Dean’s hips. There was a sharp intake of breath above him, but Cas ignored it and closed his eyes. Now that his hands were there, he could feel the dark energy thrumming through the lower part of Dean’s abdomen and between his legs.
He hoped Cas didn’t notice his misstep, but he suddenly felt warmer as Cas narrowed his eyes, like he was focusing his gaze to see straight through Dean’s weak explanation.
“Dean!”
Cas, clearly sensing Dean’s hesitation, dragged his duffle down the side of the bed so he was in the space between the two queens and out of Dean’s path. He kept his face turned away.
“What’re you even looking for?” Dean’s mouth asked without his permission. He edged forward a little, watching Cas’s tense shoulders drop.
He adjusted his stance a little to let his coat fall a little further over his legs, just to make sure his own biological reaction was hidden.
Dean grabbed his dagger from his waistband with his right hand, gun in his left, and he was settling with the grim realisation that they still didn’t know how to kill this thing – but he was going to give it a shot anyway.
First, Cas had placed his hands on Dean’s head, drawing his grace up to pick apart the dark energy swirling there.
“S’okay Cas.” Dean’s voice was tight and gruff, deep with arousal that wasn’t really
When Cas died, when the Leviathans ate through his body and walked into that lake, Dean had taken the photo out again. He’d tucked it inside the front cover of his dad’s journal, protecting it from folds, tears and stains.
He couldn’t even imagine it.
“Dean –”
In one quick move, he sat up, pulled Cas into him, and kissed him hard.
-  -  -
The cold bile that he choked down with beer and whiskey and whatever else he could find.
Cas immediately returned the kiss, arms wrapping around Dean’s neck to pull him impossibly close. He could feel the muscles on Cas’ bare back flex against his hand as he held them together. He licked at Cas’ bottom lip and Cas opened up for him immediately, hot and needy and Dean didn’t care that a small moan escaped him – because when he ran his hand through Cas’s damp hair, tugging the dark half-curls, Cas let out his own gasping moan against his lips.
After a few weeks, when he began seeing Cas around him, Dean felt like he brought it on himself. He was going insane. Too many moments where he hadn’t been able to save Cas, and now he was being haunted by his own pain.
Then, an inhuman yell.
Dean would run toward the building, a gnawing in the pit of his stomach, stumbling into the garden to meet Lucifer … but it wasn’t future Dean’s neck that he was standing on. It was Cas’. Their eyes met, blood gurgling out of Cas’ mouth as he stretched his arm toward Dean –
“Bathroom’s free.”
. When he caught Cas watching him, Dean smiled a little and shrugged.
He stayed there for almost an hour, until a bouncer finally moved him on. He trudged back to the motel room, hoping Sam was already asleep. The rest of the case was going to be a nightmare of holding himself together until they got back to the bunker. More than ever, he needed to look at that stupid photo and punch something. Maybe if he clutched Cas’ face in his memories hard enough, he could wash away the crawling under his skin.
It felt like a miracle that the pocketed photo had made it back to the present with him, but perhaps it was a curse.
Now, finally, Dean was good.
He pulled away as a surge of nausea hit him, pushing himself out of the chair past the poor stripper. She cried out in a surprise, but Dean barely heard her. His skin felt bruised and burning cold, like he had a fever, his brain hazy and disjointed. He pulled a few notes from his wallet before he’d thought about it, dropping them onto the chair and grabbing his suit jacket.
He tried not to look too desperate. Finally, Cas conceded.
Dean snorted. Cas tilted his head, trying to decide if this was a good or bad reaction.
When he found the black and white photo between the pages, his hands froze. His chest tightened, the constant ache in his gut suddenly giving away to a dark emptiness. Seeing Cas’ face – even if it wasn’t really
Now, he finally had a photo of Cas –
Dean scowled. Cas, after helping Dean back in another office’s window, had not said a word to him. They’d driven back to the motel in silence, Dean desperately trying to fight the fog in his head to say something to Cas, who actually seemed to be glowing with hostility.
“Let’s do this,” he said, full of bravado, and Cas wondered if he was ever going to understand Dean.
The confidence in his words made Dean look away from the door then, locking eyes with Cas while his brain tried to splutter out something about them not being lovers, Cas, so why would it –
-  -  -
“Fine, but no hat.”
He needed to get a new photo of Cas, but he wouldn’t give up this one.
“It’s not a big deal,” Cas said through gritted teeth, and the glare he levelled at Dean had his soul ripping itself out of his body and sprinting in the opposite direction.
Cas kept staring at him.
He had put it in his dad’s journal when he packed his stuff away for Sam, when he intended to say yes to Michael. He didn’t need to look at it anymore. That future wouldn’t exist; they were safe. But Dean was the one who ended up with the box in his garage, in his apple-pie-life, the journal packed away with his hunting tools.
He gripped the photo tightly in his hand, thumbing along the edge, memories bubbling like hot tar in his throat.
“That’s dedication, man, I’ll give you that,” Sam was saying now, with a laugh and a shake of the head.
As he grasped the tendrils of his grace again, Cas allowed himself to stare openly at Dean’s reactions to the process. Every piece of the blockage that broke away, consumed by his grace until it dissipated, pulled another delicious sound from Dean’s lips. A grunt, a gasp, a broken moan as grace filled the space between his hips.
Dean was biting into his left fist, eyes closed, right hand twisting the covers. The flush over his cheeks was running down his neck and under the collar of his t-shirt, and despite the situation, Cas felt his stomach flip. The word
Cas frowned, shaking his head.
It was the only photo of Cas he had.
He clicked the button.
“Why do you need to touch me where these ‘blockages’ are? Can’t you just heal them like you normally do?”
“I’m not – we’re not doing that Cas. We can fight it while it’s coming after me.”
“No.”
“Come on,” he said with a rough voice, “if we’re good here, it’s time to meet back up with Jack and Sam.”
“I’m not looking for anything,” he sighed, and turned to face Dean properly. “I was avoiding you.”
He lowered himself to the ground – no doubt looking like a drunk to the quiet street – and sat with his back against the building. The pain settled in his chest, deep inside where he knew he wouldn’t be able to cut it out if he tried. He wanted to cry, but it was too deep for that.
-  -  -
“Dean, kiss me. It goes after the lover of the original cursed individual, correct? If it thinks I’m your lover, it will come after me. Which gives you time to kill it without it attacking you.”
“Get me something stronger,” Dean grumbled as the motel door swung shut behind his brother.
Even through jeans, Cas could see that Dean was hard. The denim strained against his erection, his hips twitching in search of friction. Immediately, Cas felt the blood rush to his own hardening length. He took a breath. Another one. He knew now that removing the blockage was having unexpected consequences to Dean’s blood flow and therefore arousal. Cas also knew he couldn’t read into it, and it would be completely unethical to take happiness from Dean’s biological reaction.
Cas grabbed Dean’s shoulder, spun him around to face him.
Dean didn’t let go of his wrist.
Dean wanted to drown in that image of him. Feel Cas’ hands on him again, hear the laugh that sounded so wrong coming out of Cas’ mouth.
Cas almost lost himself. Just for a moment. He froze, his grace whirling in place inside Dean, and he couldn’t think, just stared at Dean’s bitten lips and dark eyes. He could feel his own arousal churning low in his stomach but he ignored it. He focused on Dean’s heart rate – elevated – and breathing – quickened – and as Dean squirmed a little, Cas found himself glancing down.
He was done. He couldn’t do this again.
The first time, it was an accident.
Then Dean loosened his grip on Cas’ wrists, and opened his eyes; Cas was already watching him. His heart was beating too fast and hard against his chest as he waited for Dean to speak. It took another minute, both out of breath, but eventually Dean grinned.
“What?”
He started moving faster, hoping to come across another open window while the four-storey drop below him tried to throw him off balance.
- was protesting violently.
“Huh. Guess that’s how you kill it,” Dean quipped to the night air.
Window.
Dean had been roughed up by some witches (Sam described it more like “gone a few rounds with the Mountain from Game of Thrones” when he spoke to Cas on the phone) and when they got back to their motel room, Cas was waiting for them. The witches’ spell work on Dean had been extraordinary (“Not the word I’d use,” grouched Dean as he collapsed on the bed, propping himself up against the headboard) and Cas knew it would take a while to work it out of Dean’s system.
As the door handle turned, Dean grabbed his toiletry bag from the bed and he ran to the bathroom, pushing the door closed behind him and dropping against it heavily.
his eyes fell closed. Dean ran to his side, unable to utter a single word as Lucifer stepped away and Dean dropped to Cas’ side, cradling his head in his hands.
“Sucks for him,” Dean said lightly, “because I think that’s the best use of angel grace I’ve ever seen.”
He owed it to this forgotten Cas, the man who had given everything to Dean and been torn apart for it.
Cas took another deep breath, and Dean closed his eyes again, though his grip on Cas’ wrist remained strong.
The first time was an accident. The following times … not so much.
While he suspected Dean was lying to him about the pain, Cas refocused his attention, trying to ignore his own feelings about the situation. Kneeling on a bed, his hands on Dean’s hips … this was not what Cas had imagined. Not that he’d been imagining it. As an angel he was above such things, even as fallen as he was.
Cas cut him off, moving to stand next to him. He raised his hand, paused as if reconsidering, then dropped it. Dean just stared at him.
Other times, Dean would be running with Benny, and they’d come across a building surrounded by abandoned cars and a tall broken fence.
Dean’s eyes were closed, his arms no longer folded across his chest but lay straight against his sides. He had gripped the bed covers tightly, and when Cas paused in his healing, Dean’s eyes flew open; his cheeks were flushed and his eyes were bright, pupils dilated.
Suddenly Dean was through, standing on the ledge that ran around the building for fancy architectural reasons, but gave him a nice few inches of concrete to shuffle along, away from the creature and also his mortifying babbling.
“It’s fine,” he said breathlessly. “It doesn’t hurt. It’s just … warm, remember? Just … keep going.”
“Cas – hang on,” said Dean suddenly, a grin breaking across his face as he pulled his phone from his pocket.
“Nothin’, man.”
Sometimes late at night, while he was fighting to stay awake as long as possible, other memories would reach out to grasp his heart. The hard heat between his future self and Cas as they prepared for battle. Cas’ resignation to the suicidal plan with a shrug of his lithe shoulders as he left the cabin that night. Dean running to catch up with him afterwards, finding him sitting on the floor on his cabin with a shot glass on his knee, a half bottle of absinthe next to him, and a joint between his fingers.
“They’re too deep,” he explained patiently, “and too dense. I need to be able to concentrate as much grace to these places as possible, which is easiest if there’s less distance for it travel.”
“Forget I said anything, it’s fine, I didn’t mean anything –” he had already pushed the bottom of the window down and was halfway through the gap before the door finally gave way.
At the time, Dean had told both Sam and Cas the bare minimum about his trip to the future.
to imagine it. In the weeks since Cas had lost his grace, he’d become a permanent resident of the bunker, wearing clothes Dean had given him and more often than not had some stubble or scruff going on – which Dean was definitely not thinking about in that moment as he involuntarily glanced at Cas’ lips.
“I – what.”
how close Dean was, how desperate he was. His whole body was pulled tight, grace pulsing through him as it devoured the last of the dark energy, his left hand grabbed Cas’ other wrist, and though he still held his hips, Cas could feel the small movements upwards as he sought
At least he’d kept his promise to himself: he had saved Cas from becoming the broken man he’d met at Camp Chitaqua. In the end, it didn’t matter; Sam had said yes and won; Sam and Lucifer were in the cage; Cas had left him and gone back to Heaven; Zachariah’s future hadn’t come to pass.
Tentatively, Cas reached out a stand of grace, testing the darkness for strength and density. He felt Dean still completely, as if frozen but his muscles didn’t tighten – so at least he didn’t seem to be causing Dean pain in his efforts.
“Your grace is warm,” he said quietly, then cleared his throat before Cas could speak. “Right. My, uh, ‘pelvic region’? How should we –”
Another touch of grace, his light pooling at the top of the mass of darkness, and Cas concentrated, focused his whole being on pushing the light into the dark energy. At first, nothing seemed to happen; then a little of the darkness yielded, the bright grace curling in the void it left.
“We need a photo! D’you know I’ve only got – we don’t have a picture of us. What better time than a trip to Dodge City?”
The door was splintering.
Cas was
Stetson), and despite the early fumble with the local badges, things were looking good.
The door shook, the pounding rattling the wood on its hinges. They were trapped on the fourth floor of the college campus’ main building, shut inside a professor’s office while the creature slammed itself against the door.
-  -  -
Cas’ eyes snapped open to look at Dean. He hadn’t been pained by the previous masses dissipating, had Cas gone too fast and somehow made the curse worse?
Cas’ own eagerness to hear the sounds pushed his grace further: dipping below the ever-diminishing block of dark energy to caress the hard length of Dean’s cock from inside him, to carefully roll through his balls, and further still –
Sam found Dean one night, passed out on the floor of the abandoned house they were squatting in; empty whiskey bottle at his side, their dad’s journal open on Dean’s duffle bag. Resting on it was a black and white photo Sam didn’t immediately recognise from a distance. He sidestepped Dean’s passed out body to pick it up.
He choked the name out in his nightmares, the dark Purgatory flashbacks mixing with the forgotten future until Dean was screaming for Cas in a haze of blood and sulphur. Sometimes he’d find him, looking up at him from the ground, his loose blue shirt stained dark with blood and vomit, eyes glassy, pill bottle loose in his hand.
Dean stumbled into the street, the wrenching nausea and prickling skin contributing more to his stance than the booze. He couldn’t breathe. He wondered vaguely if he’d been slipped something, but after a minute in the chill air, almost doubled over, he recognised the onslaught of despair.
The monster, human-like but bigger and chunkier and like nothing they’d ever seen before, was going to have a hell of a time crawling along Dean’s ledge.
It took a long moment, but eventually Dean let go of Cas’ wrist with a nod and tight smile. Cas knew this sort of physical closeness was somewhat uncomfortable for Dean, so he vowed to at least make it as fast and painless as possible.
“Dean,
With barely a coherent thought of ‘
He frowned.
Before he turned, he aimed his phone back at Cas, discretely taking a quick photo of the angel wearing the dumb cowboy hat.
It was okay … wasn’t it?
An angel blade through Cas’ chest.
Then he placed his hand on Dean’s chest, right on the firm muscle above his heart, and Dean grabbed his wrist instinctively.
The slamming of the impala door was like a gunshot, and Dean pulled back. He heard Sam’s footsteps outside the door and the dull ache of panic started to climb into his chest.
The sun was warm, sky clear, and Dean caught himself staring at Cas more than once in a few minutes. Cas didn’t seem to notice, but then he was usually doing a lot of staring of his own so wasn’t used to Dean’s eyes secretly on him.
Dean pouted as Cas walked over to him, taking off the hat and rolling his eyes, but Dean could see a smile tugging at his lips. He held his arm out and, after a brief pause, Cas stepped into his side, filling the space Dean had made for him. Dean lay his hand on Cas’ back gingerly, hyperaware of the texture of the coat beneath his fingers, and the strong muscle of Cas’ shoulder underneath.
have made. He  stretched his arms above his head and rolled his shoulders.
“What does that mean? ‘
-  -  -
“Goes after lovers, yes.”
For a few weeks afterwards, Dean would pull the photo from the journal - usually while Sam slept - to remind himself of the future he desperately wanted to avoid. To remind himself that he needed to be careful. Not just for the world, but for his … for Cas. To be careful
A huge piece of wood from the door frame splintered off, flying across the room to hit the desk lamp with a clang.
Dean’s grip on Cas’ wrist tightened and his eyes flicked downwards, toward his own lap.
Cas pulled away from him, leaving Dean’s side strangely chilled, and put the hat back on as he stepped back and watched the sheriff’s department work.
For a few moments, they didn’t move. Cas wasn’t sure if he could ever move again, or if he ever
Dean stared at him.
“Dedication to what?” Dean snapped. He was holding his toiletry bag, waiting for Cas to finish in the bathroom (who knew an ex-angel would be such a shower hog) and now he stopped in his pacing to glower at Sam directly.
Cas rolled his eyes, whole body moving with him, and let out a frustrated sigh.
Sam shrugged. “Look, Cas will get over it once he realises it’s not him, you just … you know. You’re not comfortable with that stuff.”
“I just meant, I didn’t mean, no, not –”
Cas. “Let’s just finish this.”
, even if it was in black and white – was like water to a burn under Dean’s skin. Blistering, sharp, brutal; but soothing and so soft it prickled his eyes.
Dean stared. Cas stared back. Dean tried to come up with a response.
Dean played it off, a laugh about a future that didn’t happen after all, and he gently took the photo from her hand, tucking it into his back pocket.
“What is it?” asked Cas, confused. Dean was staring at him, his eyes clear after the blockage in his head had dissipated, discomfort written all over his face.
“You think so?”
A wave of exhaustion crashes over him. Merde. He slumps forward, shaking his head against Dean's shoulder.
“Out?” He raises an eyebrow.
"What're you lookin' at, boy?" Bobby grunts when he catches Dean staring, "Go help set the table."
“Stupid son of a bitch,” He whispers. He opens the door and stumbles out, taking the empty wine bottle with him. He stares at it before throwing it to the ground, where it shatters. “You stupid son of a bitch!” He huffs, “People keep asking me what I want. Where am I going to college, what do I wanna do with my life. Man, the truth is, I just want you, Castiel, fuck the rest. I wanted you the rest of my damn life.”
Sam sticks his tongue out, and that's that.
“She missed you as much as I did.” Charlie grins.
Dean snorts.
Castiel shifts back on his feet, “Um, not good.”
Smoking outside a middle school is probably not grounds for arrest, but it certainly feels that way. Dean takes quick puffs of his cancer stick, trying to savor the hot, bitter taste in his mouth while training his eyes on the door. When Sam comes out, arm-in-arm with a tall blonde girl, he drops the cigarette and grinds it out with his heel.
She doesn't respond right away, so Dean closes the groupchat.
He stays for tea, and he helps her sort through the basket of medicine in the cabinet and they wind up throwing out most of it.
“Yes, please.”
He doesn't get an immediate response, so he pockets his phone.
"Dean," He says after a moment, "You're being an idiot."
They chat about nothing; Jo gives a play-by-play of the game that was on the other night, and while she's talking, Castiel's vision doesn't tunnel exactly, but he starts to feel like he's looking at everything from far away, even his own body. His friends are starting to feel the same, judging by Jo's wide grin and the way Dean is studying the back of his hand with intensity.
She puts her hands up. He lowers his slingshot, but only just.
She sighs, “Fine.”
There's a group photo with Missouri on one side surrounded by a gaggle of teenagers. Castiel has his arm around Alfie, a tall boy in a red bandana, both flushed. At the bottom of this board are ones of Castiel and Dean. A still from the video of the tree catching on fire, while Sam sprays the flames with the fire extinguisher and Dean and Castiel look on, dumbfounded. One from right before they got together, sitting on Ash's basement couch, Dean absolutely howling with laughter, and Castiel looking at him like flowers grow from the sound of his voice, like he already loved him. The last one is a selfie from Dean's phone, a little blurry. Cas is kissing his cheek and Dean is smiling. They're both flushed and a little sweaty and there's nothing but love in Dean's eyes.
“Yeah. Out.”
“Oh, I mean... I dunno. You smile a lot when you talk about him, and I just got a vibe, ya know?”
“Hello, Sam.”
"Yes. It can't be a legacy if it falls apart while I'm still here." He curls up knees to chest, so Dean's hand is trapped between his thigh and stomach. Dean squeezes.
Dean pinches his nose, "I don't... I'm good, thanks." He thinks about telling Bobby they haven't had sex yet – Dean's barely gotten his pants off -- but if he does he thinks he'll die of embarrassment.
"We could... go for a drive?" Castiel offers, still looking a little deer-in-headlights.
Dean laughs and they keep walking.
Through half-sleep, he hears her murmur, “Thank you.”
“Yeah?”
"Um. Mayonnaise, please, and um, grape jelly."
Castiel rolls his eyes, “You will have to forgive me if I don't see the appeal of a tube of pig intestines filled with government cheese.”
"Ouch, ow, gerroff," Dean grumbles, shoving her away.
“It was. But I thank God every day that I did it.”
“I bet. But you'll do great! You've worked really hard.”
Outside is cold and dark. Dean drinks in the nippy air like he's drowning. He practically runs down the driveway to where his baby is parked on the street.
“Right?” Dean agrees.
“Mother?” He asks quietly to her door.
Fuck.
Sam chuckles, “Yeah, I know what you mean. Do you, uh, want some cold medicine? We should have some.”
"Me, too."
Dean positively beams. Oh, Castiel wants to reach out and touch his smile so bad his hand twitches. Dean glances down at the movement.
“I hope so. Thanks. ” He glances around and everyone's started to migrate inside. Sam claps him on the shoulder and lets him go.
John spins around and pops his beer open with one hand, "The bitch thinks I've called out too many times. If you call for me she'll believe it."
“Course.”
Dean hesitates. “Right, sure.” He gets a stack of paper out of his bag, followed by a torn up Frankenstein and a pack of gum. “Want one?”
“Yes. Your partner Castiel let me know he's out sick right now, but he asked me to give you his phone number so you two can get in touch.”
https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/
“Damn. How'd you get started, then?”
“Mm,” Dean says. Huh.
“Uh, thanks, teach,” He says, flushing. “Anything else?”
“I'll give you two some time,” The man says, and Dean watches him disappear, wishing he could follow him out.
“Yes, probably.”
“Can't wait forever, huh?” He muses.
“Oh? What about that nice young lady you were telling me about? G--”
“Nonsense.”
Castiel looks away, out the back window where the fountain is overflowing with rain. Pain swells in his chest, and he waits until it subsides to speak again.
"How ya doin'?" Ellen asks, shaking his hand and wiping the wet off on her jeans.
"Gee, thanks."
Dean's eyes are furious with concern. A muscle in his jaw twitches, "Yeah dude, it's me. What the hell is going on?"
She huffs, “Well, I'm not sorry I'm spending the day with you.”
“So, Dean, what are your plans after graduation?” Adra asks as she zips down the highway.
"Hey!"
“Yes'm, she's in a group now, but she gets out at 1.” They have fifteen minutes.
"Dean, call out of work for me," He says, yanking open the fridge.
Jo opens her mouth to say something, but can't get a word out before her lip starts quivering. Shit. Shit, shit, shit. Dean ushers her inside with an arm around her shoulder. He leads her into the kitchen, where Sam hands her a glass of water. He rubs her shoulder until she's calm enough to speak.
“Uhh, you guys know I'm still here, right?” Jo asks from a universe away.
It's quiet for a while.
"No!" Dean says.
” She agrees.
They fly passed the pet shop, the fire station, and are halfway to the middle school before Dean takes a sharp turn into the woods. Under the cover of the trees, he slows down to a normal speed as the road twists and twines.
"De l'eau, s'il vous plaît?" Castiel manages to ask his mother, making a drinking motion with his hand. He falls back onto the couch and props one leg up. Adra hands him a glass and he takes a long, slow drink and he feels it all the way down.
“Never had a cheese dog,” He mutters, “Unbelievable.”
He twitches a smile, “My love.”
“Glad you could make it!”
“I see.”
Dean is quiet for a minute, his jaw clenching, “I don't know.”
He doesn't know how long they lay that way, looking at each other. It could be hours, or years; Dean's still high enough he's not sure. But it's nice.
“Yeah, we will.”
Sam frowns, looking at the textbook, “Huh. I guess so. Thanks.”
“Just... For being you.”
Castiel smiles, his gaze lingering.
His mother peers up at him, her arms folded over her chest. Her curly black hair is clipped into it's usual low ponytail. “Are you ready to go?”
He grins.
"He used to do this all the time as a kid," He whispers, "Put him in front of a movie and he'd knock out in twenty minutes." He chuckles and gestures to the TV, "I don't see what the big deal is. Prom? All these movies make it out to be the best night of your life, but if it's anything like homecoming it's just a bunch of kids in fancy outfits grinding on each other."
She pauses, looking down at the podium. She is quiet for a moment, and when she speaks again her voice cracks. “Um. Novak – Castiel. Castiel was...A great guy. He was... He became a brother to me. It took us what, two weeks to invite him to our monthly family dinners? Like he belonged there.
He sighs, hanging his head. “We get...social security checks. Once a month. Life insurance stuff, ya know?” He doesn't look at Cas, “The past few weeks have been rough. I had to work doubles at the Roadhouse 'cause Dad was late on the electricity bill. And then Sam says he's having trouble seeing the board in class, right? So I'm freaking out a little bit. But, lo and behold, a few days later Mom's check comes in, and it's just about enough to cover Sam's glasses.
"Yeah. He said he didn't care what happened to it. Besides, it's not even his DVD anyway, we bought it together cause he didn't have the $10.”
"I do not want to--"
It takes them a minute, switching directions a couple times while Dean steps on Cas' toes, but they get into a rhythm. They bump chests. Castiel counts, one two three, one two three, one two three. The moment Dean stops looking down at their feet, his eyes snap to Castiel's. They are bright blue and he's pressed his brows into a solid line, concentrating. One two, three, one two three, one--
“Okay, so, I haven't done this shit in years, so take the problem from the top and explain it to me.”
He tries to gesture to his chest but his arm is too heavy, “I'm... tired.”
“No thank you,” Castiel waves him off.
“Oh,” Sam says, looking the candy bar over, “Yeah, dude, of course.”
Dean actually laughs, a hurt little sound in the back of his throat.
"Still."
“Hm?”
“Hm?” Dean grunts, looking up from his phone, “Oh.” Embarrassed, he crouches down beside Cas. The cat goes over and rubs his face on Dean's shoe.
Dean grins, looking him up and down with frank appreciation. "Hey, Cas, uh, c'mon in." He tugs at his own shirt collar.
"Yes. She mentioned something about whipped cream."
Oh? This is new. “I thought your mother had passed away?” He tilts his head to the side.
"I'm well."
She snorts, “I know. Ma had no idea he was coming. He just – just showed up out of nowhere.”
Castiel squints at him for a moment, feeling acutely like he's missed something just now. Merde.
He smiles. That's how it should be.
“Mm,” Dean nods. Or he thinks about nodding, anyway. “He’ll need it after dealing with his family.”
He pauses. A truck rattles by somewhere behind them. “I want...” He drops his voice to a whisper, like he's afraid of being overheard, “I wanna keep it.”
before deciding to ignore it for the rest of time.
He smiles and steps back, “Alright, man. I'll be here if you need me.”
After-funeral social conventions are fucking weird, Dean thinks while staring down into a plastic cup of watery cranberry juice. It's like, you die, and everyone you've ever met gathers in your living room to get served pigs in a blanket and stale cheese. Like, what the actual fuck?
She would touch the glass with her fingertips and sigh, “But then I'd see one of them with their grandkid, walking side-by-side across that shitty hospital garden. Or they would get caught cheating in a game of cards with their friends and everyone would laugh about it, and I'd think, maybe it's not so bad, y'know? Life. Maybe that was what it was all about.”
“He was... Fuck, Adra, he was my best friend.”
“Hey, he just got here,” Dean chimes in, turning a faint shade of pink.
From the table, his phone buzzes.
“Nah, why?”
“The guests had to sit at the card table?”
“So,” Anna turns to him, bright-eyed, “What do you wanna do tonight?”
She looks at the large hosta under the window, while flexing and unflexing her hands. “You're doing it right now.”
“Hang on, that's not fair, Dean.”
“Tilt his head when he doesn't get something,” Dean shrugs, “Whatever. It just reminded me of him.”
She looks over at him, “What do you wanna do? Have you even thought about it?”
“No lighter.”
He puts his hands on either side of Cas' face and stares hard at his cool blue eyes. Castiel. Castiel. Castiel.
Adra smiles. She shifts her weight onto one foot, eyeing him for a minute before asking, “Is there anything else you need?”
Missouri is one of the hospital psychologists. The group Castiel was a part of was her teen group for those with chronic illnesses, but she runs a few others. The one that just got out was for family of kids with terminal illnesses. Dean thinks of the family he saw in the waiting room.
Castiel shuffles out of bed and across the floor. It feels like more effort than he can muster to untangle the rope ladder, so he just opens the latch and drops himself down through the trapdoor. He lands with a thud and winces. It shakes another cough loose.
Castiel just shrugs again.
He chuckles. “Good. Will I get to meet her?”
"Dean, where the hell is --" John says, stopping when he looks over at them. He curls his hand around the package of coldcuts and lhe ooks Castiel up and down. "Oh, hello." He is polite, guarded.
He makes a face.
“You did.”
He tells Dean the story of the time Anna had fresh potatoes delivered so she could make her famous mashed potato recipe, but the order was placed wrong so they wound up with 3 sacks of potatoes and they wound up having potato daily for the next month and a half; To this day Cas can't look at one without feeling nauseous.
Cas gasps, followed by a string of coughs.
Dean's voice is tight when he says, "Don't tell me you don't need it, dude."
“The Dean Anna dated in high school?”
"Cas? Cas!" Someone calls.
"You..." John points, his hard eyes swiveling between his sons, "Both of you, get out. Get out, I don't want to look at you."
Afterwards, Cas takes his turn, explaining the plot of The Aeneid, which he is reading in Greek.
He ignores them, grabbing another part of the fence and bending it until it snaps.
Not for the first time, Castiel is very grateful for Dean Winchester. He closes his eyes. “It's not fair,” he whispers.
Gilda smiles and looks away, the sparkly scrunchie in her hair glittering. "Yes, sir."
When he wakes again, he is alone.
“I dunno. I – he was great. He was one of my best friends.”
"I know her. Ruby, I mean. I just saw her, actually, when I went to see Charlie."
She gestures to his naked torso, which is covered in a fine layer of dark hair, “Yeah, it's not fair you're out here looking like this and no one's here to appreciate it.”
“See you tomorrow,” She says.
“Well, more like girlfriend,” Dean whispers, “But Sammy's being a gentleman about it.”
“Glad you could make it,” She says. Her voice is calm and even, and it makes something untwist in Dean's stomach. She's carrying a worn backpack over one shoulder.
CW for references to suicide, discussions of sex, and and off-screen sexual encounter
Castiel hmms in agreement.
“Yes.”
They stay like that for a while, kissing firmly until Cas puts his hands on Dean's shoulders and Dean puts his on his hips. They kiss softer and softer and softer until they stop all together and pull back.
“Good. Can you scooch over?” He gestures to Castiel's feet. It takes him a moment but he lifts his legs up and Dean shoves himself underneath them. Gingerly, Castiel puts his feet down on top of one of Dean's legs. Dean glances at him, lips quirking upward.
“Um.” He doesn't know how to tell Bobby he had no plans, that he was going to hang out on the couch until he became one with it. But as he's thinking of what to say, an idea strikes, “Um. I'm gonna go see Adra and uh, check on the garden.” It's been a few days, anyway.
Castiel huffs a laugh, "Interesting. Do you like it?"
“Oh. Shit, sorry. I can, uh,” He fumbles with the lock again, but it’s hard while he’s driving and talking, “Shit, I totally kidnapped you just now.”
“Y'know, same old same old,” He says with a smile that feels more like a grimace. He tells them about Christmas and the almost-burning-the-house-down incident, albeit while playing up the funny bits.
“Sure thing.”
“Uh, yeah,” he lies, “Didn't sleep well, is all.”
At 11:00, they make their way down to the cafeteria because Bobby insists they need to eat something, damn it. Dean gets exactly that: something, shaped sort of like a bacon cheeseburger. He doesn't taste it before swallowing. Bobby watches him while picking at his own soggy french fries. Sam downs chocolate milk after chocolate milk. They don't talk about anything.
“Well, he sounds great,” Mrs. B says when Dean finishes.
John glances at Cas again before answering, carefully, "I am. Just forgot a book I owed him."
He chuckles. “Next time.” He closes his eyes and different colors swim in and out behind his eyelids. It feels like it already is next time. Or right now. Or like... time is standing still. Something's going on with the time, that's for sure. Time travel would be cool. Just. Going forward to whatever point you wanted. Yeah, that'd be awesome. Dean would fast-forward to after he cleaned the fucking cat hair off the couch. God, he is so relieved John isn’t home.
Adra is standing in the kitchen holding a box of tissues when they get inside. Dean grabs them and leads Castiel to the couch where he had been napping.
It's 9:34 AM.
"Anna? Who the hell is Anna?"
She seems satisfied with this and nods. "Castiel?" She gestures. He has no choice; He takes them and tucks them into his coat pocket. His mother beams and he tries to not look mortified. She squeezes his shoulder. "Have fun!"
Dean squints, "Uh, I'm behind a curtain, it's fine."
"Uh. Yeah. Lets.”
Adra nods, looking out the back door. Outside, Dean waves. "Good, good. Did you figure out what's wrong with the hydrangeas?"
"I love you," Dean says.
“So, your lungs are fucked, huh?” She asks, folding her arms across her chest.
He swings towards the windshield. The shattering glass sounds nothing like relief.
“Well, she can come too,” Dean insists, “I'll just let my mom know.” He whips out his phone and starts typing before Cas has a chance to reply. As
"Is something wrong?"
“No,” He rolls his along with her, “I hate impatiens.”
"I'm a day student at USTC, I'm studying art history."
A beat passes in silence.
“I uh, I think I could use a friend, actually.”
"Oh, but it's not, it's incredible," He argues, "It's a hot dog filled with cheese!”
That was a couple days ago; It already feels like a lifetime.
“Not yet, but we're getting to that next.”
"Shut up." Dean freezes, not believing the words that just came out of his mouth.
He chuckles, “Good luck with that.”
"Are you done?" Cas' voice is muffled through the door. Steam fills the bathroom even with the fan going.
They sit together watching flower petals skitter across the road as the song fades out.
Dean makes them sandwiches. He burns one, but he gives that one to himself and makes Castiel a second.
“Oh really? That's cool. He's a friend of the family. We call him Uncle Bobby, actually,” Dean says. He glances over again and smiles. “Oh, uh, he says hi.”
“I'll be fine on my own,” She says, quietly.
“Me and the... everyone do monthly family dinners at his place. I guess it's my place, now, too. But uh, you should come by next time.”
Dean closes his eyes, and lets Bobby take his hand, lets him carry a little bit of the weight. He takes a deep breath in, hold, out.
The thought of chewing and swallowing a whole meal makes his stomach churn, “Um, shake please.”
"Yes."
Castiel watches the smoke curl away from Dean's mouth.
Dean swallows down his apology, "No. Pick it up! I'm tired of cleaning up your shit, Dad."
"I do,” He explains, “I figured it out a few years ago, right around when me and Carmen broke up. I haven't really told anyone except Charlie. She uh, she pointed it out to me, actually."
He beams.
They stay like that for a long moment.
“I think that's kind of you,” Cas says, quietly so Ruby can't hear.
“Why wouldn't you?” She asks, crossing her arms.
“Yes? What's wrong?”
He blushes. They talk for a while, and he winds up telling them about the time he got his foot stuck in the sink at the Roadhouse and it totally destroyed his new shoes, which makes both women laugh. At the end of his story, Adra checks her watch and jumps up.
“...Right.”
"What should we do?"
There's a lull in the conversation while they all dig into the collective lunch. While he chews on a chicken wing, Dean taps Cas-tee-el's number into his phone. As he's typing, a call springs up.
As if on cue, Castiel coughs. “Um, yes.”
“Here-here? Like, on campus?”
“Quietly crying into his ice cream,” Jo adds.
“Ce n'est pas juste.”
"Well, good. It means he didn't grow up poor, unlike you two."
"Yeah?"
"Still," Dean says, "Not your fault he had this weird idea of you in his head."
“Thank you.”
"Oh, Castiel, what's wrong?"
“It's Sam.”
Sam, who just walked in, does an about-face and leaves empty-handed.
He blushes harder, "Uh. Yeah?"
They drive in silence for a few minutes, until they pull up to a stop sign. As Dean swings a right, he says, “Me ’n Sam don’t celebrate it most of the time.”
“Novak? I've talked to him a couple times,” Jo says, “He's kinda odd, but he seems nice.”
"Ah."
please comment i need the validation
“Oh?” Castiel leans in.
"Right. My point is, I don't think he's going anywhere. But don't take my word for it, you should ask him."
"Would've what?"
“Nah, just you.” She sneezes again.
“Alright, my friend, breakfast is ready,” Meg announces. She's set up a food tray at his waist. The shake has a red and white striped straw sticking out. He takes a deep breath and clears some mucus before diving in.
Dean lets them out and goes to find a parking space.
"Which one?"
"We'll knock 'em dead," He agrees. He and Charlie fistbump.
Meg squints at him, “Now, who could've told you that?”
The front door is open, leaving just the clear plexiglass door between Dean and outside.
“Maybe next time,” Dean offers, smiling a little.
“You're pissed at her, aren't you?”
He gesticulates widely, “But it's an American classic!"
"Lemon juice! In the blueberry pie."
"No, I'm Castiel."
“On second thought, maybe dessert? Bobby keeps trying to force his banana pudding on us and it never goes well.” He makes a face and Cas chuckles.
“Hey,” Dean says, trying to keep cool.
“No, no, he hasn't said anything yet. You can't cut him out when it's no longer convenient for you, dude.”
Dean feels him smile. Cas coughs against Dean's hands. Together, they take a breath in, hold, out.
“Oh. She's... good,” Sam grins around his words, “It's going really good. It's like, easy, you know? It's just easy to be with her.”
A nurse comes in a few minutes later.
Good. Thats really good. It makes him feel lighter, and he's not really sure why.
"I'm... Okay." He says, taking the seat across from her.
“Go take a shower,” He says, “You stink.”
“Wh-- hot dogs aren't pig intestine, are they?” He falters. Sam makes an 'I don't know' sound.
“Typical old man,” Ash says after a moment, “He probably fell asleep watching that Spanish soap he secretly likes.”
https://www.opencounseling.com/suicide-hotlines
Dean laughs so loud the lady at the front desk glares at him. Castiel grimaces and waves to her.
Dean huffs and looks away, "Cut me some slack, Rocketman, I just, like, confessed my love and whatever."
Jo snaps her fingers, "Lemon juice! That's what we're out of. Hang on – Ash!"
“Yes. The university my mother works for has a few international locations. We are welcome to stay on campus while my mother works. Since I was homeschooled for most of my youth, it wasn't an imposition to stay for a few weeks or months, as long as my health was good.”
Dean comes into the living room, tossing his jacket over the back of the couch. He pats Castiel's foot, which is sticking out from the blanket.
He takes a step further into the room and breathes in sawdust and darkness, trying to saver the knowledge that Castiel had been here. He can almost see them, a little lost boy and little lost girl talking together, totally unaware of what was to come.
They each take one edible and wash it down with Castiel's water. It's a little bitter, pungeant in a way that clings to this teeth. While they wait for it to take effect, Dean plops down in the chair and Jo perches on the armrest.
"Uh... I'd be okay with it. If you did," Sam says slowly.
He's quiet for a moment. “Another time,” He says.
She shrugs, “Not for me. I had books, and I had Castiel; that was all I needed. But I do wonder if it ever got to him.”
He freezes.
He chews his bottom lip. He isn't sure what to make of Dean yet. Sam he likes. Sam is attentive and kind. They often spend time talking while Castiel shelves. He's has even mentioned Dean a few times, if Castiel remembers right, although it's usually to complain.
"Did they get mad at you?"
“Are you alright?”
"Yeah."
"I met Gabriel when I was ten..."
The chapel is across the hospital and down a few levels, so they get there by the time the meeting is letting out. A few folks mill around, some of them pour coffee or have a donut, but when Adra makes herself known, Missouri politely shoos them out.
She blinks, “Yes?”
“I know, right?” Jo says. She digs a thumb into a sensitive spot on Sam's neck and he yelps.
Cas smiles at his phone.
“The hell are you doing?” Bobby whispers. Dean doesn't hear him, just ducks inside.
"How do you do so accidentally?" Castiel wonders.
With a huff, he does. He hates to admit it, but he feels more human afterwards. All the grime of the last week or two finally washed off him. As he's getting dressed, he stares at Castiel's trenchcoat folded up on the toilet seat. It was a size or two too big for Castiel, hanging off him like it was trying to escape. Despite being shorter than him, the coat Dean fits perfect, if a little long.
Miss you, E.
She leans over. "Anything in particular you're thinking about?"
Dean huffs, "I know. It's like someone recruited a whole football team." He sighs.
“For real,” Dean says, very grateful for his friends.
Castiel laughs, although it hurts.
"Damn."
“Okay, be more mysterious, wouldja. You seen Dad?”
He takes a ragged breath. “How's my garden?” He asks.
“I made breakfast,” Sam says when Dean emerges. He rubs his eyes. Their house is always a touch too warm, and Sam cooking doesn't help, but it smells amazing, so Dean decides valiantly to not care. He grabs a paper plate.
Castiel hums in acknowledgement, “I can see why.”
Dean looks at him out of the corner of his eye. Merde. Say something, you fool.
Hm, so not a total snoozefest, "You wanna go? We can sneak in around the back."
“Not yet. I did apply for some scholarships too, and I'm still waiting on those.”
“What?”
They lapse into silence. After a while, Sam complains of a stomachache and he ducks off into the house. Jo follows him, leaving Dean in the car alone.
“I will,” Dean promises.
Bobby shuts his eyes for a second, "Son of a bitch. Alright, well, I should have extras."
Adra doesn't go up, but Dean doesn't blame her.
"It's good."
The clothes he's wearing smell like mud and yesterday's grime, so he slips out of them and tosses them in the hamper. He pulls open his closet and stares at it for several moments. What on earth does one wear the a house party? He tries to recall any time he's even walked by a frat house and can't.
She shakes her head, “Damn it, Balthazar. Someone needs to talk to him about not gossiping with patients.” She puts her pen down and sighs, “Fine. But only because of your tip about the cockroaches. If you so much as think about falling, you're not leaving this bed for a week.”
He blinks, "Um. " He steadies himself and swallows the lump in his throat, "Nothing. I've just missed you. What, um, what say you we go out this weekend? Just the two of us?"
He doesn't know how to point out that she's the one being stubborn, so he doesn't. He takes the seat next to her.
He says nothing of the other part.
He frowns, "You didn't tell me that. You coulda called."
“Oh?”
at Cas' suggestion, and Cas is re-reading Frankenstein, for fun this time. He folds the corner of the page down and nudges Castiel's sockfoot with his bare one.
“Is this gonna be gross?” Sam asks, wrinkling his nose.
Jo makes a face, “Y'know, if Dean said that I'd hit him.”
"Then what is it?"
"This is true. He's very stubborn."
They have a stare-off again, but then Sam glances at Jo, who's face is still puffy and red, and he gives in.
Dean adds quickly, “Customers suck, though. I know we're a family-friendly establishment, but I fuckin' hate when people bring their kids to the Roadhouse. They're gremlins, for real.”
Cas laughs. "Let's eat first."
“It's Sam,” He corrects, but goes anyway.
Oh. Right, he probably should.
He is awoken an hour or so later by his phone buzzing on the table. He shoots up; His mother doesn't text unless it's important.
“Pulmozyme then. Know where I can get any?”
Dean and Adra come by later, along with Sam and Jo. Castiel has just finished his dinner – a cup of fruit and as much of the Scandishake as he can handle. He's a little nauseus, admittedly, but he tries his best to ignore it. He sits up when he hears the door open.
He hesitates before settling on, “Um. I have been slacking on my Greek, can we practice on the way?”
“So, like, Mom helped pay for them, and I can't even tell him, you know?”
They had gone outside, at first into the backyard, but it wasn't much quieter out there, so they decided to stroll down the frat house row, where most of the people they run into were twice as drunk as they were, and therefore less likely to pay them any mind. At one point, Dean slung an arm over his shoulders – much like Gabriel had done a few hours previous, the difference being the warm tight feeling Castiel got in his abdomen when Dean did it.
He looks away, his face burning, "No. It-- I was just asking."
Castiel squints at him for a moment, not sure if he's being insulted, “Quite.”
Sam does his best to hide his indignant snort in a fake cough.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Whatever, let's go upstairs."
"How are you?" She asks. She has been asking just about every time she sees him the last few days. He doesn't really mind, even the answer hardly changes.
Content warning for fantasy/LARPing violence
He grimaces, holding out his empty hands, "Nope." He has his school bag, but that's it, and Sam doesn't have anything.
tattooed across his chest in swirling black letters. Dean reaches out and runs his fingertips over it, making him shiver. He lays his hand flat over Cas' heart and just... looks at him, smiling like he's not totally aware he's doing it. Cas takes a deep breath and Dean's hand rises and falls with it.
“Hey, Dean?”
“Oh.”
CW: Underage drinking
Castiel chuckles. It's deep and throaty.
Cas looks at Dean like a deer in headlights, "Um. I heard it around."
"Um," Dean stutters. Of course Cas wasn't flirting with him. Who would want to?
“Thank you, μαμά, I will. What time is it?”
"Yes, please.”
When they part, Dean wipes his eyes with the back of his hand.
He waves a hand, "Όχι. With graduation so close, I've just been thinking about the future."
“Ruby, stop.”
"You handed me a box of condoms and said 'don't be stupid'."
Castiel's hangover in the morning is absolutely wicked. His mouth tastes like sand and the lights – which were already much too bright for his liking – are painful to look at. He discovers this by accident, flipping on his desk lamp and immediately regretting it. After he's eased his eyes back open, he discovers to his surprise that he's in his own bed – the one in his dorm room, not Anna's couch. He puts a hand over his eyes and tries to piece together exactly what happened the night before while he gropes around for his sunglasses.
“Sam!”
"He's never had a cheese dog!" Dean says, affronted, and is even more so when Bobby rolls his eyes.
"Um." He hasn't actually talked about her in a long time, "She was... Bright. She laughed a lot, especially at you. She thought you were the cutest baby to ever live, besides me of course."
Castiel looks at him a moment, but Dean shakes his head.
Oh shit. He didn’t realize he was talking. “Fuck, sorry.”
"Good."
A smile spreads slowly across her face, as if she's forgotten how and the muscles need reminding, "Yes, Castiel, I'd love to."
He holds out a hand and squeezes three of Jo's fingers, “Thank you for coming, my friend.”
Fuck, he's gonna be late. It's an extra ten minutes to Castiel's from Bobby's, and they're leaving for the doctor in twenty. He blows three red lights on the way and nearly misses the turn onto Delacroix. When he finally pulls in, Adra is helping Castiel down the steps. Castiel is in pajamas and his trenchcoat, his hair is mussed, and his breath is coming in quick, shallow bursts. Adra smiles when Dean parks.
Jo pulls the joint from Dean’s lips and it comes out with a pop. She takes a drag and holds it for a few seconds, then opens her mouth out so the smoke drifts out from her mouth and nostrils. Nostrils, what a weird word. If Dean thinks it too many times, it stops being a word. Word. Woooord. Word word word. Oh man, he’s thought that too many times now too.
“I'm not sure,” Miss Sands says, in a way that tells him she does know but doesn't want to say.
It's hot, so they toe off their shoes and rest their bikes up against a tree. Anna ties her hair up and Castiel pulls his up to stay off his neck. They have a silent conversation for a minute before stripping down to their underwear, or t-shirt and underwear in Anna's case. The cold water is refreshing, though Castiel has to grit his teeth to get more than ankle-deep. Anna has no such qualms and wades in up to her hips almost immediately, trailing her fingers over the top of the water. She has one ear cocked up, listening to the water and the birds and maybe something else distant that Castiel can't hear.
Mr. and Mrs, B look at each other, grinning, as Charlie flings herself forward, dragging Dean along with her. The Bradbury's smother him with their hugs, and Mrs B kisses the top of his head over and over. He wriggles for a moment, not really meaning it, before letting himself sink into their warmth.
"What's wrong, Castiel?" She asks.
“It can be,” he says, dropping his voice, “You wanna come?”
"No you don't."
He heaves a big sigh, "I know, man. I do, too."
“He sure is.” Dean grins.
Castiel slides into the front seat. Dean drops Castiel off and kisses him goodbye. Sam has fully passed out by then and doesn't bother climbing into the front seat.
"You look great." She props her chin on his shoulder and flips his tie around the right way, "Besides, its Dean, I think he'd rather you show up in chocolate sauce and whipped cream anyway."
The first time Jo's dad left, Jo and Ellen had shown up at the Winchester's old house in the middle of the night,  Ellen's eyes ready to pop out of her head. She said a string of words Dean didn't know at the time, and Mom ushered them all into the living room without a second thought. Dean and Jo were shooed off to sleeping bags on Dean's bedroom floor, and they passed out shortly after to the muffled sound of Mary and Ellen muttering together in the living room. It was the first of many nights like that that year.
Castiel looks away, his face growing warm, “I haven't in a while.”
“Hello,” He says.
"Remind me why we have to wear these stupid things?" Sam whines, pulling at his tie. Dean forced him out of bed at stupid AM by dropping Gabe on him, claws and all, and shoved this monkey suit at him.
“It makes sense to me, man,” Dean argues, “Reverse bird-watching. Seems legit.”
Dean raises an eyebrow, "Whats up?"
“I'm sorry you feel that way,” She says tersely.
“I don't believe in talking down to my juniors,” Castiel says with a shrug.
"Hm. Cute," Cas murmurs against his skin.
Castiel makes everyone eggs when he wakes up. Ruby takes her plate into her room, so Cas and Anna are left by themselves again. Anna has Saturdays off, thankfully, so while Cas works on his essay, she pulls out a painting she's been working on and they sit in companionable silence, backdropped by some rusty rock band she's insisted on getting into.
“Right.” Cas confessed a couple days ago that he was surprised he hadn't needed a hospital stay in a few months, actually. Normally he would go every six and it's been about eight. Of course the universe decided to spite him for it, and he woke up unable to breath yesterday morning. Hence the car ride today. Dean slides into the passenger seat, feet resting on the backpack. Adra's car is small, and not as old as Dean's but only by a decade or two, but the pine air freshener can't cover up the smell of something gone bad and not completely cleaned out. Normally, it would bug the shit out of him, but now he's just grateful for the modicum of distraction it provides.
Well, fuck.
"Will you watch it with me?" He asks, leaning on the back of Dean's chair.
“Probably,” He shrugs.
Castiel smiles, “Well, Dean, there's your alternative.”
Castiel nods, “I believe so.”
He snaps a picture.
Dean flings himself on the bed and the old mattress creaks under him.
Cas forgets everything he's ever done in his life for a solid five seconds. "I'm in school with Dean. I volunteer at the library, too."
“Yeah.”
"Agreed. How did he learn to cook?"
Castiel chews on the idea until Jo turns into the trailer park. He coughs into his sleeve a few times.
"I see. This is really well done, Sam."
“What time's your appointment tomorrow?”
Castiel pauses, then says, "I miss you, too. Now go back inside."
Dean grins. He hops in the car while Sam and Jess say their goodbyes, which involve a lingering hug and a squeeze of Sam's hand.
Castiel nods.
Dean rolls his eyes and plops down, his arms slung over the back of the couch. Sam sits on one side of him, Cas on the other. Sam's curled up, but Castiel stretches out, putting his legs overtop Dean's. Sam looks at them a moment too long, and Dean flicks the back of his head.
Castiel slides the photos over to Dean. They're grainy photos from a primitive desktop webcam: He and Gabriel are caught mid-laugh, with him doing bunny ears behind Gabriel's head; Castiel slipping off the chair and banging his knee; Gabriel helping him up.
Dean pauses.
“I get the feeling he'll do that when hell freezes over.”
He smiles. He does know.
“Oh. I can do that when I get back.”
Dean stomps around the perimeter of the car, biting his fist. Fuck. Fuck!
Sam huffs and his breath fogs up the window, where he draws a flower and a smiley face.
“Hey!”
"Adra is an auditor," He says with a shrug.
“Sam needs to keep the fucking cat in his room. That's what Dad said! And you saw it, the little devil jumped out at me!” He huffs again, and a cloud of air poofs out in front of him.
“Idiot.”
She'd kiss his forehead again, squeeze his knuckles, and flop down into the chair with one leg slung over the armrest. She would tell bad jokes to get him to laugh. She would read to him. Sometimes, they would just sit there in silence, in sickness, together.
It's a welcome distraction actually, running the potatoes under hot water and scraping dirt out of the eyes. Methodical, kinda like working on the car. It keeps his mind from running around in circles anyway.
Immediately, Dean's hands are on his shoulder. “Woah, Cas, you alright?”
“Um.” Castiel says, furrowing his brow.
He waves the handkerchief he's tied around his wrist. "Ate it about five minutes in."
Then, Castiel reaches up and brushes Dean's cheek with the back of his fingers. "Oh, you're so beautiful.”
"Hey man, it has been. I've been good, I've been good. My girlfriend and I are looking for a place, actually."
Jo nods, "Huh. Cool." She points to the far wall, "See that little gun? That's a colt made in 1835. It was handmade by some guy back in the day and apparently it can only use these special bullets. S'been in our family for ages."
He collapses back on his pillow leaving the cup of yuck on the side table, “We will have to file a complaint.”
"I thought you were at Bobby's tonight?” Dean asks.
"Dean," He gasps, recognition washing over him. He blinks a few times.
"Thank you." He smiles at her again.
Bobby checks a map and there's a walking path outside the door at the end of the hall. Fresh air'll do them good, he says.
Cas laughs again and Dean continues driving, his heart pounding in his ribs.
Sam nods and glances back to his friend in the back seat. He's curled up into himself, drowning in his trenchcoat. His face is scrunched in pain, even in sleep. Sam swallows the sudden lump in his throat. He looks back and Dean is staring at the road, hard-eyed, his foot slowly pressing the accelerate.
"Jesus, shit, “ He says, “I thought you were gonna have like, fun little anecdotes about your old friends."
Castiel stares at him as if reassessing his mental framework of his new friend.
A twig snaps behind him.
“So, I'll cut to the chase. Castiel's lung function is deteriorating fast. We can keep him stable while he's here, but we are recommending he undergo a double lung transplant surgery. Now, other than a slight arrhythmia his organs are very strong, which makes him a good candidate for the surgery.”
“Honey, I'm ho-oome!” Dean shouts, flinging his duffle bag into the corner. He is promptly bowled over by a Saint Bernard, who proceeds to kiss his face all over with her huge, wet tongue.
He smiles at him and licks his lips. "So Adra's really cool with this?"
Sam sniffles a lot through the meal and afterwards Bobby sends him back up to the waiting room.
“Ugh. Well, you can always get one when you move out.”
"It's... like being chained to a comet," He whispers. A cold blast of wind flaps his coat open and he shivers.
Dean grins harder and they clink cans, “Well, cheers.”
"I know how to fix this," She says. She has a glint in her eye that absolutely horrifies him. She grabs his arm tight and pulls him into the living room.
"I'm glad my illness is amusing.”
They lapse into silence and Adra gets up to fondle the plant in the window. It's a big leafy thing, usually bright green but the edge of the leafs are crisping. It was stuck on a short stack of books and has access to 80% of the sliver of light that's visible through the window.
"That's our cue," Dean says, picking up the empty pie plate at his feet.
“We need a teacher to oversee everything, though,” She explains while pouring herself more apple cider, “And all the teachers at my school are old and lame.”
“Like twenty bucks, maybe twenty-five. That's what, a tank of gas?”
Without thinking about it, Dean grabs him and pulls him into a hug. Cas hesitates, then hugs back, his arms going around Dean's waist. He's a few inches taller than Dean and he smells like cinnamon.
She pulls up his tunic and touches a spot with cold fingers. He hisses.
“Guess I should apologize, huh?” Dean says when they're a couple streets away from his house. He rubs his hands together and blows on them.
He tenses."The usual." He gestures to his chest. Upstairs, the shower turns on. "The... Dean of it all."
"Sorry. I--" He goes to make some quip, but what Castiel said rings in his ears. He clears his throat. "I... It's... hard sometimes. Being around all... all that. It's not like that at home, with my – with John."
"You, too. C'mon in, everyone's in the living room."
“He wanted to apologize for walking out,” Jo says finally. Her hand starts shaking and she puts the glass down, “Like – just, he wanted us to be a family again. Like he deserves it after what he put us through.”
Dean picks up the empty sugar wrapper and starts folding it over on itself, nodding, “Yeah. What do you believe in, then?”
emboldened on the front. The white letters glow against the black fabric.
“How's your dad?” Mr. B asks.
Dean shakes his head, “I mean, honestly? You may not stay friends, a lot happens in high school. But me and the gang stayed friends when we moved away the first time. So, like... Part of it is you gotta make a choice to stay in touch. I guess like, I dunno what the future's gonna hold for you, man, but if you put the effort in, it'll work out.”
Out of the darkness, a pair of green eyes flash. Castiel stares out, trying to see movement. After a minute, the eyes show again, closer this time. He reaches out a hand and snaps his fingers. The shape creeps closer. A cat, tawny brown, with the whiskers on one side of it's face cut short, from an accident or a fight or a fire he isn't sure. As it gets closer, it chitters at him.
"I've been meaning to ask, dude, what's your favorite food?"
“Yes.” He nods.
Dean looks over at him. “What, are you worried about high school?”
He smiles with one side of his mouth, "Alfie confirmed it I suppose, but part of me always felt like... If I pictured my future, it was with a man."
He slides as far down as he can in his seat, "Uuggghhhh."
, the gesture seemed to say.
John's frown lightens, just a fraction. "You got a girlfriend?"
Their fingers touch when Castiel takes it back.
“Καλημέρα,” He says, his voice hoarse. He reaches for his water and takes a long, slow drink.
Castiel grins, “Thank you.”
Castiel shrugs, a headache starting to pull it's way across his forehead, “Whatever. I should just tear the whole thing down, anyway.”
“Uh, sure.”
They shoot the shit for a while. Jo and Dean regale Ash with only slightly exaggerated stories from their hunting trip last weekend, and Ash explains his recent computer programming project, which Dean doesn't really follow, but he likes to listen.
Ruby rolls her eyes, “I mean, sure, but that's the second time he's done that this month. And wasn't he late yesterday, too?”
“I heard that!” Dean says, “It does, too, so you be nice to her.”
“Oh?”
He parks, but doesn't move to get out of the car.
“Sweet.”
It's too soon when they finish the bottle.
“Um, if you so desire,” He says, his face heating.
The house is empty when he wakes. It's probably afternoon, judging by how how the sun is hanging in the sky. Castiel scrubs his eyes with his palms and coughs. Another morning wasted thanks to his poumons d'la merde. He sighs. Still, he rolls over tugs open the drawer of his bedside table. He takes out his pill organizer and a water bottle, and takes drink after drink until all his medicine is washed down. Then he puffs first inhaler, his other two, and his nebulizer. He spends a few seconds coughing afterward.
"Yeesh, who died?" Ruby says, dropping napkins and paper straws on their table. Her hair is bright red, almost the same color as Charlie's.
But Dean's eyes are starting to get heavy, so they head upstairs. Mr. B has set up the air mattress in Charlie's room, along with a pillow and a couple blankets.
"Μαμά," He whispers, his eyes welling with tears, "Το μαμά μου."
"Quite,” Castiel agrees, “Yes, it's Castiel – I'm friends with Anna Milton,” He adds helpfully.
https://www.thetrevorproject.org/
He can almost hear Castiel shrug. "I apologize, I thought you didn't want the cupcakes."
Dean jumps. "Uh, cleaning?"
“Jesus,” He says on his last toke, “It’s been too long.”
“That's it, man, deep breaths, just like that.”
He's six, and he's coughing so hard his whole body hurts; he's been in agony for two days with it, and every time he jolts awake she's by his side, stroking his hand with her thumb. He's four, fingers and nose numb with cold, throwing leaves at her across the lawn, chasing her with them until he falls down wheezing with laughter.
look and went back to his plate. Of course he knew that Dean and Cas had been just watching Tombstone, but he loved to mess around with his brother once in a while.
Dean nodded before looking up from his food at Sam's expression.  He momentarily almost choked on his bacon and his eyes peeled, "No - not like that, it wasn't -" he gaped. The last thing Dean wanted was those images in his brain while he was eating breakfast with his brother. He felt his ears burning as he regained his thoughts.
“I love you.” Dean declared.
angel.
But Cas had heard him.
Sam raised both eyebrows.
He heard Cas laugh softly and turned back to him.
Sam felt like he was stuck some cheesy rom com half of the time.
It came out quieter than Dean had expected, and he internally scolded himself.
Dean brought both hands up to cup Cas’s face gently, who’s heart skipped a beat when he felt the hands touch his face. His cheeks had also taken on a pink hue. Dean hadn’t seen Cas blush like this before.
When their laughter had mostly resided, Dean caught Cas’s eyes again and brought a hand up to his face and stroked his thumb along his flushed cheek, becoming enchanted in
Dean was in a surprisingly good mood today, waking up earlier than usual and beating Sam to the kitchen, humming a version of Hey Jude as he did.
Dean sighed in relief that there was no actual threat and tried to regain his breath from their mini make out session. When he thought that his love for Cas couldn’t grow any bigger, it did. The laughter tumbled out of him, fueled by the giddiness and high of the situation. Cas looked up at Dean laughing and chuckled himself before they brought their foreheads together, both of them shaking with mellow laughter.
When he lifted his head he was greeted with Sam’s knowing smirk and he pointedly glared at his brother until he looked away. Cas had noticed their exchange and glanced between them, confused. He did the thing where he furrowed his eyebrows and tilted his head slightly to the left, and Dean’s heart melted again.
“I think my sleep was decent. It’s odd though, needing to sleep. I didn’t need to until recently. Not bad though, it is quite  nice to let your mind and body relax for a while.” Cas said, and gave Dean one of those soft smiles that made him feel weak in the knees.
Sam entered the kitchen not ten minutes later to find Dean with the frying pan out. The smell of eggs and bacon wafted around the kitchen, causing Sam´s stomach to growl. Dean looked over to where his brother was standing and grinned.
Cas’s blush and shy smile made the answer to his question clear.
Sam definitely wasn’t blind to realize that Cas had fallen for his brother. Fallen in love. It was so obvious how enamored they were with one another, all doe-eyed and shy whenever they would make physical contact, or when Dean had absentmindedly called Cas ‘angel’ when he asked him to pass the beer. It had caught not just Sam, but also Cas off guard, who’s eyes widened just a bit more at the term and then had handed the beer to Dean with a tiny ‘here you go’.
Surprised, Dean jumped back from Cas and whipped his head around to see what had happened, ready to fight whoever or whatever had interrupted them.
different. Maybe it was from the movie night they had, or maybe it was because Cas was looking utterly adorable at the moment, but Dean’s breath caught in his throat and his mind went fuzzy.
Dean wiped his palms which were somewhat sweating against his jeans and stood up to follow Cas out. With one last nervous glance at Sam, who was grinning from ear to ear, he turned on his heel and exited the kitchen. His mind was racing and there wasn’t a single coherent thought in his brain except for
Cas blinked blearily and turned his whole body to the right to look at Dean. It was the first time that morning they had really made eye contact, and it was exhilarating. There was absolutely nothing different about this day than any other day they were around each other, but somehow it
Dean chewed on some bacon while he paused for a moment, and then shook his head, "No. I mean, not since last night?"
He looked so endearing when he was confused.
“Morning Sammy. Hungry?”
“Oh, finally!”
“Um, actually Cas, can I speak to you . . . alone?” he gestured his head towards the door to the hallway. Dean’s heart was pounding, and if Cas still had his angelic grace, he probably would have been able to hear it a mile away.
"So, any sign of Cas?" he decided to break the silence.
“Did I miss something?” Cas asked.
“That was
And Sam knew it was because of Dean. The angel literally fell for him. Fell from heaven for Dean and well…
Because the next second he was being tugged forward by the fabric of his flannel right into Cas’s lips.
They both sat down across from each other and began to eat their respective meals.
Cas shook his head, “No thank you Sam. I’m not really hungry right now either. I will possibly eat later.”
Sam nodded ever so slightly with an
“I love you too.”
And it was mesmerizing.
and slowly took a long sip of his coffee, an amused expression still showing. Dean wanted to smack that smirk right off of his face.
“What just… what…”
“Dean?”
Dean walked over to the table next to the wall and set down a plate of bacon and eggs for him. Sam raised both eyebrows but didn’t question it. “Um, yeah. Thanks.”
Sam gave him an annoyed,
“Is everything alright?”
Dean was at a dead end, there was nowhere to go from here. And he couldn’t lie to Cas, because the angel would see right through his façade. He had spent so many years with the two brothers that he could immediately tell when one of them was lying or when something was wrong. Dean took a deep breath.
Dean beamed and with a smug smile reached out a hand to trail along Cas’s side. Cas squealed and buckled in on himself a bit.
He turned to look at the angel. “So, how’d you sleep?”
Cas squinted his eyes at him. Not in a bad way, but in an innocent scrutinizing type of way, as if he was trying to read him. The longer Cas stared at him, the faster Dean’s heart thudded against his chest. He could tell Sam was trying so hard not to laugh, his mouth fighting the urge to smile in the corner of Dean’s peripheral vision.
At that moment Sam rushed out of the kitchen to see what the commotion that occurred from the explosion was and stopped in his tracks when he saw his brother and best friend laughing in each other’s arms.
The moment he tripped over his words, he felt his face heat up at an alarming rate. His adam’s apple bobbed up and down slowly as he swallowed and averted his eyes from Cas’s. He could get so, so lost in those intoxicatingly intense blue eyes. They reminded Dean of deep pools of swirling stars at night.
"No, we were watching Tombstone."
“What’s going on, Dean?”
He rounded the corner and saw Cas leaning against the left side of the wall further down the hallway. Cas saw Dean walking towards him and removed himself from where he was leaning against the wall. He looked visibly worried.
Oh how Dean could go on.
At the perfect moment, Cas decided to make an appearance at the door, making himself known with a small clear of his throat. Sam glanced up and smiled when he noticed Cas’s disheveled appearance. The angel was wearing one of the graphic band tees Dean had bought for him when Sam insisted they went shopping for clothes. That along with a pair of plaid pajama pants.
He settled for rolling  his eyes.  "Shut up and eat your food."
Again, it was timid and sort of quiet but Cas’s eyes lit up and he smiled so hard that his teeth showed along with the crinkles around his eyes.
Dean ran a hand nervously through his hair, “No - I mean, uh -”
“Morning Dean, Sam.”
Cas’s voice made him shoot his head up to look at him. He was looking a little more worried at this point. Still, hearing Cas say his name made him feel all giddy.
All he could think about was Cas.
“Dean!” he giggled.
It had been an oddly calm week. Neither of them or Cas had found any cases in the area, and had mostly been hanging around the bunker or taking Jack for driving lessons every now and then. Cas had started becoming more and more human, losing his angel grace as time went on, which made it a little difficult for him to adjust at first.
Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of Cas’s hair, which was adorably stuck up in ten different directions and his eyes were still glassy with sleep. His heart nearly melted when Cas yawned and ran a hand through his hair, making it more messy than it already was. It was enchanting.
"Last night?"
“Um, apparently there’s still some angelic grace left in me.” he noted.
Cas and his poetic statements, Cas and his beige trench coat, Cas and his clothes that smelled like home, Cas and his hair when it was tousled from sleep, Cas and his blue blue eyes, Cas and his little head tilt, Cas and his smile, his laughter, and his angelic
Cas was looking at the floor shyly, a small smile playing on his face. Dean raised his eyebrows.
“Can.. can I kiss you?”
At that moment a light that was behind Dean on the wall exploded with a loud bursting noise and the sound of glass breaking and shattering on the floor.
Dean and Cas turned to Sam who was standing down the hall with a smug smile. Cas hid his face against Dean’s shoulder, feeling his chest still rumbling with laughter. Dean rolled his eyes at his brother and yelled back, “Shut up Sammy!” But the smile stayed, and Sam knew he wasn’t really annoyed.
Dean’s staring at him, his eyebrows risen. Soon, though, he clears his throat and nods. “Yes, thank you.”
“That’s so cool, Cas.” Dean grins, glancing at Cas.
Cas follows. He always does.
Dean’s heart starts to pound and his limbs ache as he makes his way up the steps of the station. He sucks in a long breath, though, and steels his face.
Dean, Charlie, and Alfie arrive at The Sanctuary. But what lies before them?
But the man before him?
Please, let me know what you thought! Talk to me here or @angelfamilydrama on tumblr!
let Gabriel go all protective big brother on me.”
The ache in his chest comes back when he sees Charlie flinch back, and it grows even more when he sees the sad, pity-ridden expression she wears.
“Honesty,” Cas had said, “and just talking things out. That’s what we need to do, Dean. We just need to talk about things.”
Cas was supposed to, to save him, and Dean was supposed to get rid of Chuck and live his life. With Sam, Jack, and maybe some girl down the road.
Chatter erupts again, and Castiel clears his throat again.
Finally.
“As I’m sure…” he clears his throat, and for a second he glances at the floor, before returning his gaze to the mass of people, “As I’m sure most of you know, we had an intruder, recently. I’m sorry to say, that… Dean was an undercover cop.”
Dean would definitely benefit from time in The Sanctuary. Cas could probably help him with controlling himself and his power.
“Oh, yeah. Of course. Yeah, I knew he was a cop.”
Dean nods. “I’ll need it.” He mutters, before making his way into the station, swinging the door open.
Cas forgot about his little… pseudonym that his house is under. Well,
He’s curled up on his side, but he’s bigger now. And his joints ache at the positioning. His whole body aches. His
Cas, with one of Dean’s old shirts, skinny jeans, converse, and his old trench coat that he still wears in public.
He sighs, before steeling himself and starting to make his way through the crowd, to where he knows Charlie will be standing.
picked one, but I got some for everyone! Eileen, Auntie Rowena, Auntie Charlie, Uncle Gabriel, Uncle Bobby, I got one for all of the angels except for Aunt Naomi because Cas really doesn’t like her, I got one for all the hunters… well, the ones I know, and all of you guys, too!” Jack sets down his pile, before picking out a little bee, a black owl with giant eyes, and a lion.
No, no. That’s not Cas.
He sees Cas with three,
Cas chokes something out but even he doesn’t know what he says. A single sound.
“You didn’t, of course. Not at the time.
Cas and Dean make their way into The Sanctuary, and Dean gets to meet the inhabitants and Cas’ friends.
The chatter continues, and Castiel knows he’s losing them, so he quickly calls, “You’re all excused.”
He’d never seen Dean with his hairstyle as spiky as this is, but Sam looks like she’s going to cry, so Cas assumes this is an old style of Dean’s.
Cas’ whole being buzzes. Light pours out of him, all of his grace shines through his vessel.
“A story?”
“One more, Dean? Look, this is the last one-“ Sam says, dropping the penny into the machine and starting to crank it out.
Cas lets out a huff at that, pulling back to wipe his tears away.
He carries around a little coin purse (
Dean is
And yet here he is, lying on a bed given to him by the Righteous Man. Lying on a bed given to him by the Sword of Michael, his brother’s perfect vessel. Lying on a bed is probably the first issue.
“I’m sorry for your loss, Sam. Truly.” Cas says, and he lets out a soft breath. The moment of vulnerability, though, is wiped away as he meets Sam’s eyes again. “But you must understand. Sam, I need to know that I have your utmost respect, trust, and loyalty.”
Sam was sobbing into the empty world that had betrayed him, that had betrayed his brother.
Cas knows Claire, okay? Claire doesn’t sit like that.
Dean’s clingy, he knows that.
“AM, Cas.”
He… he doesn’t seem like much of a monster to Dean.
Anna makes a face.
He puts his sandwich down, "After we eat. I have photos upstairs to show you."
He grumbles a little but goes, and Adra gives Castiel a pointed look on her way out, closing the door behind her.
“Καλημέρα,” She says, smiling. Her hair is down, curling around her shoulders.
"It's a scary thing,” She nods.
"Hello, Mister Singer," Castiel says, backing up against the counter. Dean shuffles close to him.
"What's your family like?"
CW for John Winchester's A+ Parenting, homophobia, and references to suicide.
“What do you mean?”
"Yikes, that's brutal," Ruby grimaces, and smiles when she notices Dean.
He brings in the rest of Gabriel's supplies, including all the stupid little toys Sam bought with his allowance money. Of course, Gabriel would rather play with the strings on the end of Adra's sweatshirt, but then, that's just how cats are.
“Bitch.”
"Wanna tell me what that was about?" Charlie asks, her hands on her hips. Dean swallows, heat creeping up his neck.
Dean grits his teeth, "You haven't touched them in a week. At least keep them in a folder or something."
Dean likes to think he gotten to know Castiel pretty well, but the more they hang out while they date proves just how much more he has to learn. First off, Castiel is totally insatiable. He doesn't touch Dean much in public if there's people around, but as soon as the bedroom door closes, Castiel is on him, kissing hard. He likes biting, licking up Dean's throat, tracing nonsense patterns onto his shoulderblades with his fingertips. And hey, Dean's not complaining, not one bit.
"Nothing."
He swallows and tries to get back to work. The Roadhouse is all but empty, thank God, so he wipes down the same table over and over again, checking his phone every few minutes.
“Y'know, he really was stubborn. We had this, uh, running joke that I was gonna make him have a cheese dog one day. But, man, he really would rather die first, huh?” He shakes his head, “That son of a bitch.” He takes a deep breath, “I mean, fuck, Cas was somethin' special, to a lot of us. Um. Especially to me.” His throat gets tight and small, like a note held too long on a string. He looks over at the casket one more time and whispers, too quiet for anyone else to hear, “I'll miss you forever, Rocketman.”
“Great.”
“What's wrong?” Castiel asks.
“I never had these growing up,” Adra says, gesturing to one of the snacks, a very flat, very large cinnamon bun, “My parents made me dinner at home every night, so I never had the opportunity. After I had Castiel though, well, we would be in and out of here every six months, and eventually my hunger won out. This one was my favorite.” She takes a bite, shaking her head, “God, it's horrible.”
"Bitch!" Sam sticks his tongue out.
Castiel's legs shake the whole way, and he's acutely aware of the dirt under his nails.
Ash, sitting on his other side, nudges him, "Hey buddy, we're the same age."
"Hello, Dean," He says as he goes over.
Charlie sends a photo of the folding table in the kitchen covered in plates and plates of magnificent Thanksgiving food: fresh rolls, sweet potatoes covered in marshmallow, green bean casserole, homemade cranberry sauce, and mountains and mountains of steaming hot turkey. Dean's mouth waters.
If you or a loved one is considering suicide, please reach out. You are needed here and loved in ways you don't even know.
"Uhh me, Sammy, Jess, the Harvelle's, Ash, and Bobby."
A little later, after Edward and Bella have confessed their undying love for one another for the zillionth time, Dean looks over and Sam is fast asleep, his mouth is hanging open and everything. He snorts and nudges Castiel.
It's a few minute walk to the diner, and even in their hangover haze they wind up talking along the way. Dean is surprisingly easy to talk to. Apparently, after he got back to the frat house after dropping Cas off, he and Ash got stoned and tried to play cards. Dean insists he won, but Ash apparently insists the same.
Oh. “Shit.” He turns to face Castiel proper. Castiel follows suit with coughs. “Is that why you were so sick a few weeks ago?”
Her lip shakes, “Um. 'Course, Novak.”
"Bobby?"
"Pick something that'll calm your nerves," She says, pulling out of the driveway.
Dean blinks. "What?"
While she goes to get him a drink of the raspberry concoction, Dean comes back over.
“No, Sam, thank you.”
It's over.
Spring has been edging in for a couple weeks now, so Castiel is comfortable in just his trenchcoat and shirt. He leaves the tie on, but loosens it. They wander around the neighborhood around to the walking path behind the houses. Dean walks close to him, hands still in his pockets.
“Ooh, the rich kid neighborhood, I see you.” Dean gives a sly smile.
He lies back. He closes his eyes and watches the lights burst behind his eyelids. Dean's warm hands leave him for a minute, and when they come back they come around the back of Castiel's head, lifting it up. Oh, a pillow. He melts into it.
"Hi.”
They pack up. While Dean stretches, Castiel goes over and knocks on the library door. "Μαμά;" He asks, opening the door.
“C'mon,” Dean says, getting out of the car and hopping up on the hood, “I didn't bring you here to serial-murder you, I promise.”
"It's fine," There's some shuffling, probably Castiel sitting up. "How's Anna?"
Cas comes up with a bottle of wine in hand and kisses Dean quick, "Maybe later."
Dean shifts his weight to one leg. "Okay, lay it on me."
"Do you ever want to go back to school?"
"Sweet." She leaves him to finish his pudding, and she wipes down a couple of Dean's tables.
“Mm. You've got time.”
“I'm here, boy. I'm here.”
“Thank you.”
He turns his attention to the television. It's the beginning of
"I dunno," Dean interrupts, "But don't worry about it. He's fine."
He nods, "Cool, cool. My brother's girlfriend is big into art. She likes Monet? Manet? One of those. Anyway, Charlie's said good things about you."
To that, she doesn't say anything, just crosses her arms in a mirror-image of the woman on the couch.
Because they’re different now.
Okay I promise I will stop talking. It's your turn, if you'd like! Please, I'd love to hear from you, I'm sure you know where by now.
Castiel steps out of his room, every step loud, quick, and purposeful.
“Well, yeah, but…” Dean shrugs. “I’ve been everywhere.”
What a fun chapter, hm? Please, let me know what you thought, I’d love to hear from you!
So Cas’ hand, resting on the back of Dean’s head, pushes Dean closer. Urges him. And Dean responds, seemingly waking up and suckling more on the cut and ceasing his other movement.
Dean’s happy.
Cas is never cold.
“What? No, kiddo, why would I be upset? I get it.” Dean’s smiling, but there’s a tightness in it that Cas recognizes. Cas simply nods at Claire, a little subtle thing, before rubbing his hand over Dean’s knee.
He tries to explain it’s not
“Good. Quiet. I should have stayed with you longer.”
He sits still, his spine as straight as he can get it. He tries to breathe, he really does, but the air doesn’t come.
“Look,” Dean says, pointing up to a shooting star.
It took work, and help, and Dean. It took a lot of Dean. But Cas is finally starting to realize something he should have a long time ago.
. Cas can’t help but understand.
It says, “DEAN,” in Cas’ big, slanted, fancy-ass handwriting.
He doesn’t, of course. Because Dean’s breathing evens out, and Cas realizes he’s asleep. Cas recognizes the breathing pattern- and wow, Dean would kill him if he heard that- of Dean’s sleep.
He will.
Dean lets out a soft laugh as his lips meld with Cas’. Teeth clack occasionally, and every time it’s Cas’ fault.
He pulls the door open, and it reveals a man. Maybe a couple years younger than him, but no younger than perhaps 20. His hair’s a darker dirty blonde, although Cas thinks it’ll lighten with a good wash. His skin is tanned, as though he’s spent a couple days in the sun, and his arm is clutched over his stomach. The very first thing Cas notices, though, are his eyes. Despite the rest of his appearance, they are a bright, vivid green. Full of life.
But the world gave them each other. It intertwined their paths.
He catches himself holding his breath, digging his nails into his suitcase handle, when he hears Cas’ voice.
Jack likes the lions, he says. In fact, the first time he gets out of the stroller is when they’re looking at the lions. They’re nocturnal, so they’re up and moving.
Cas gets everywhere. All the vacant rooms are scrubbed, all the sheets are changed, hell, he even scrubs blood off the sparring floor.
Cas matters.
“Don’t say you’re sorry, and if you wouldn’t mind,” he looks back to Sam, “I would
Cas has no biological children.
And they both realized,
He doesn’t know why that makes him feel like his chest has been pierced.
“My whole life, I’ve only known what’s been considered holy by my father. By my brothers, my sisters. I never got to deem something holy. I, myself, was holy. But I was that way because I was supposed to be. And now, it seems like I wasn’t that way for very long nevertheless.
Nothing before, nothing after.
So he shuts up, his mouth closed in a tiny smile.
And yet, these past couple months?
“Could you cut my hair?”
Castiel handles the aftermath of Dean's betrayal, beginning with some new rules.
Dean, Cas, and Sam all sit on the couch like Cas has seen troubled teenagers on TV. The classics Dean plays, of course.
All the while, Dean runs his hands up and down Cas’ back, pressing just hard enough to leave white trails all along the plane of skin and muscle. Dean watches it fade away with a smile when Cas’ head is lowered.
“Okay.” Cas says this time, and he goes silent.
People with possession can easily hurt themselves or others with their power. That’s why generally, it’s a practiced magic, not a natural one. Dean seems to be an extremely rare type, though. If he’s being honest, Cas would kill to know more, but he understands. He’d never pry while Dean can’t even so much as look him in the eyes. So he reaches across the table, placing his hand over Dean’s.
It’s a while before anyone breaks the silence. Cas doesn’t know what to say, he’s just staring at his children, wishing he knew the acceptable way to respond. He wants to hug them both, to tell Claire that it’s okay, that he’ll never be upset with them, especially not over something like this. No, Dean or Sam are better equipped to handle this.
I'm not gonna lie, posting the end of this is... Big. This was my first long fic, so it's really been huge to me.
Immediately, outbursts break out. People even step forward. His father’s nails are digging into his biceps, and even Bobby looks upset. Confused, maybe. Not angry though. Maybe that’s a good sign.
Dean’s First-Aid kit. Widely coveted and drowning in discourse.
Now that he trusts him.
“Now, you are holy. You are. But not even just as considered by my father, my family. You’re holy to
His sibling’s voices in his head, curling and clawing at the edges of his grace, whispering it into his very being.
Finally, Cas’ hand rises from Dean’s back and rests in his hair. It sits there for a second before he takes a hold of it and
The waves wash him under.
“Cas.” Dean says, and then smiles back. It’s easier to hold with Cas, but no more real than with the others.
He glows. Again, he glows. Dean’s taken almost everything from him, drained him down to a dripping tap, and he’s glowing. His muscles seem to relax and tighten at the same time, and he’s slowly awakening from the sad, tired shell of a man that had stepped into Cas’ cabin.
At first, Dean didn’t like the kid. Cas was with him 100% of the time and he cried and he took up space and Dean even had to start leaving The Sanctuary again.
Okay, so he’s got his favorite down. That wasn’t so hard. So start with the classics.
. Turning him into
Of course, you can’t even hope of getting a “nothing” past Gabriel Novak.
But they don’t usually get it.
He watches as Dean trims it up to perfection, just a little longer than Dean’s, like Claire asked.
“No. Don’t tell me he’s a good person.” He turns back to face Sam, his jaw set. “Don’t tell me he means well, or that he wasn’t trying to hurt us. Your brother is a police officer. He threatened me and those I love and protect. Even if he did care, by some miracle, he won’t come back, and he’ll die regretting it.”
Cas then left, but only to his side of Kansas. He’d given Dean his number (well, his business card), but told him never to visit.
Cas is close to lighting a blunt- maybe that’ll help?- when Dean opens the door to his cabin, stepping inside.
That’s the only time their lips break for a long while. They sit like that, Dean pushing up against Cas and scratching at his scalp, for a long while. Cas really isn’t certain. Two minutes, five hours. A day? It feels like forever and it’s still not long enough.
He’s got five.
Dean helps Kaia in the kitchen when it’s her shift.
That’s all Dean can hear.
“Wait, I…” Cas’ eyes are even wider, and his brain scrambles for scraps of the list of things he has to do.
“Cas?”
Cas closes his eyes, and when Dean’s hands leave him, he begins to ache again. Empty. His heart drops and he stares at the floor.
He can feel the ice in his chest, clutching at his heart and frosting his gut.
“Are you okay, Dean?” Cas asks, and the concern, the utter adoration in his voice gives Dean the slight urge to wrap Cas up in a blanket and keep him in his pocket forever.
Cas gestures for all the people to relax, sit down where they can, and they all do. He takes a place at the front of the room, sucking in a long breath.
“Um, sure.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you pull a gun on them, you’ll just get thirty right back on you. You work with them. You must know this.”
Jack is never dressing himself again.
And oh, is Cas trembling.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam and Dean, decked out in flannels and jeans in late spring.
Kelly Kline died in childbirth.
and all.” He says, partially spitting out the quoted phrase.
“Yeah, kiddo?” He asks, glancing at them.
The second they walk in, though, Dean bumps straight into Sam’s back.
Aaaaand that's a wrap! The next chapter is a ~3,000 word epilogue and resolution. There are still some surprises there, don't get me wrong, so don't even think of leaving us now! (Not to mention, there will be a couple announcements over there, too!) Like I said, I'm very fond of this chapter, so feedback or commentary is much appreciated! I'd love to hear from you in any way I can, you know the drill <3
“Being in love is… to me, it’s like a religion of its own accord. It’s different, yes, and it’s different for everyone, but it’s religion. It’s worship, adoration, devotion. It’s holy.
they’d cried,
Dean lets Cas drive. For the first time.
A genuine, solid problem.
“Look, I know. I understand. The motherload. I was the lead on the case, I
“A slow takedown. Get Ca-Castiel out first, it’ll go down in hours. He’s the glue.” Dean picks at his nails, thinking. “Lucifer, Michael next. You already have someone in custody. Name’s Alfie.”
“You want me to move?” Dean asks, fully ready to return back to a comfortable distance.
you can stay here.”
On the nights they could sneak away and meet each other, Cas would hold Dean through his nightmares (though he didn’t have many when he was with Cas). Cas had given Dean breathing exercises and grounding techniques. He’d helped Dean better understand himself.
“So, guys.” Claire says, looking up at all three.
“So much to tell you…”
Time goes on and Dean, on what little relationship experience he has, gets more and more worried.
He can only reach for the bed stand and hand his blade to Dean. Put his life in Dean Winchester’s hands, yet again. And he can do nothing but smile brightly about it.
Eyebrows simultaneously rise as people see the stern look on Dean’s face. “I understand if I’m fired, arrested, whatever. I get it. But… In this life, you have to choose something to stand for. You have to choose a line to draw. And this is mine. This is what I choose, and I’ll die for it.”
come back, not caring.
never
of how things go for him.
Claire and Jack (the actual troubled teens, if you ask some people) sit across from them on a black wooden coffee table, their legs folded up underneath them and their hands folded neatly.
He cuts his two hours that Dean made him promise down to one in favor of stealing other people’s jobs.
Alright... Well, say goodbye to Cas! My Love, My Life. And say hello to Dean! And, of course, say good luck to Charlie, on her mission to find him. (You could say hello to me too, here or on my tumblr, but that's not near as important; Charlie needs the luck)
“I think opinions are a good way to judge someone’s character, don’t you?”
Castiel deals with multitudes of new rules and duties in the light of Dean's departure.
“He’s good, actually. Surprisingly enough, he’s settling in faster than most do.” Charlie smiles slightly, taking the mug in grateful hands. “He’s,” she pauses, her eyes flicking down for a second, “he’s content, I think. He enjoys it here.”
Charlie doesn’t lie.
He feels his wound split open, and he feels blood trickle down to his shoulder.
Unfortunately, you can’t get children’s discounts if the three year old in question looks like he’s 20.
But that’s not today. No, today, Dean needs him.
“About?” Dean asks, sitting on the arm rest of the couch nearest to Cas’ head.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asks in between kisses. He can do so because they’re still slow, luckily. If he’d waited much longer he wasn’t sure he’d have even gotten through the two words before having to return to the warm comfort of Cas’ lips.
He will not die.
There, have a little Despair reference sprinkled in, courtesy of Cas' impeccable self-control. I hope you enjoyed! Let me know what you thought, either here of on my tumblr, @angelfamilydrama!
There’s no thunder, no huge gusts of wind, nothing.
Now that he knows Dean, for real.
It goes on until Dean sets down the blade. He sets it on the nightstand, and Cas realizes that he’s been walking backwards with Dean this whole time.
One again, every single comment is appreciated; extremely so. I’ve been in a bit of a funk lately, and I’ve also been writing a lot and planning another fic, so it’s been kind of crazy up here in my brain. Nevertheless, enjoy! I’m try to respond to your comments, but please don’t be discouraged if I don’t. <3
He can’t bear to think of the pity that would be etched deeply into their expressions.
Breathing the way Cas taught him.
Dean feels scratches against his fingertips as he runs them over the corner of the big fancy fountain he sits on. It’s on a little square around the corner from a small airway. The kind of small airway that Cas could pay for in cash.
“I don’t particularly know, nor care. Gender has always been a human concept to me. I didn’t even fully understand when I was human myself. It was always this thing that humans created to identify themselves one way or the other. Except, there’s no ‘or’ for me. It’s one and the other, and everything in between and outside of that. But I suppose, yes. If you were to assign me something, genderfluid would work.”
“It’s us!” Jack says, continuing to bounce on his toes. A bright grin is etched into his features, but he takes his hand back from its point.
Sam looks at him for a moment, eyebrows furrowed, before he pulls out his phone. Castiel looks at it for a moment, before walking out to the hallway.
Dean still happily talks to Kevin, and he’s getting used to Kevin’s telepathy that used to scare him so much.
No, no it was not.
“No.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, him? Auras ‘n shit?”
He watches Charlie grimace, and he feels a sharp twinge of pity. That earns him a glare, and he puts up his hands.
Dean. What a terrible thing that is.
Thanks for reading, m’loves! I hope you enjoyed, let me know what you thought! You can also find me on tumblr @angelfamilydrama
Jack… well, Jack.
He looks around, one more time, before throwing the phone, full force, at the floor. It shatters to pieces, and he hears a slight whimper from Sam.
“You know it, little bro.” Gabriel walks over, ruffling Cas’ hair just before he stands up.
“Okay.” Sam laughs lightly, looking over the lion before clutching it to his chest like a little kid.
“Calm down, Cas, it was just a scratch.”
Spreading, growing and threatening to freeze him from the inside out.
more.
He mumbles one last solid, “fuck,” before running the other way.
He looks up, and sees Charlie, smirking.
“Thanks.” He smiles, taking it in grateful hands and sipping lightly from it, before closing his eyes and wincing at the burn.
He keeps watching, eyes darting from person to person, until a weight presses down on the seat beside him.
, Dean thinks. But nevertheless every time it happens, he gently squeezes Cas’ legs with his own, straddles across Cas’ lap.
(See the end of the chapter for
His lips turn up in one corner, admiring how his hands lack their usual constant trembling when they’re on Dean.
Until it was too much static.
“Seeing as you didn’t arrive with one, I’m assuming you don’t have a laptop?”
“Yeah, man, totally. Don’t worry about me. I was just wondering, uh, you know, I’ve always been able to see, like, the shadows of your wings, but I’ve never seen them. Could I see them?” Dean asks, fiddling with the drawstrings of Cas’ sweatpants. They’re women’s sweatpants, Dean knows, but when he questioned Cas about it, Cas just shrugged and grinned, claiming they were “softer” and “thinner for the summer, Dean.”
“Which of you are with me?” Dean asks, his stance proud and tall. He puts on a mask that screams confident, and sure of himself.
Finally, millennia after they arrived, Cas unfolds his wings and arms from Dean.
He still has nightmares.
Dean and Cas really are on full swing back to normal after that.
Cas rolls his eyes, and joins Sam and Jack in the doorway.
He hopes Dean takes it for tonight, for their last night together, for every night before that and every night that could have been. He hopes Dean will take it for the future, for every pound of weight that’s added to Dean’s shoulders.
She says his happiness is somewhat like a light under a blanket. Like if you took a bright lightbulb, and turned it on, but you immediately put a shade over it, and then a blanket over the shade. The lightbulb is on, sure, and it’s there, but there’s always something on top of it to keep it from shining fully.
“Well, Cas, I don’t know what I’d do without you either.” Dean says, and he kisses Cas on the forehead as he starts up the TV.
And then Dean sees Cas’ wings for the first time
Castiel nods, brushing his hands off against each other. “Okay. Anything else?”
“What are we doing here?”
“Dean?” Benny asks after a while, concern lining his tone.
Sam looks over the front seat bench, her eyes sparkling excitedly. “Really? That’s awesome, Cas! Well, I mean, if you thought it was awesome.” She quickly amends, and Dad smiles at both Sam and Dean.
He thinks of how Dean holds his gaze, every day. Like a staring match, between children. But much more intense, while still somehow being tentative and careful.
“Benny, there are tons of them. It’s freaky. I’m in hell, but it’s run and inhabited by angels.”
Dean laughs lightly, before glancing back to the birds before him. The black one is curled up, its head buried in its feathers. The white one is moving sluggishly across the exhibit. They’re both gorgeous. Dean wishes he could see their full wings; perhaps get a glimpse into the true forms of both his husband and son.
So he’s greedy.
He starts to run his hands down the length of Cas’ wings, his breath caught and dying in his throat. The feathers react to his very touch, ruffling up and tickling his rough, calloused hand.
He never is, of course.
I am... so sorry about last update. Hopefully this makes up for it!
“This wasn’t supposed to be the end.” Castiel sobs, and he’s not sure whether it comes out in English, Enochian, or maybe even his true voice. He’s not even sure if he’s saying it. Maybe it’s just another thought.
He tries to argue, but generally it goes a little like this:
“Jack, you can, quite literally, be anything you want. If you want, you can be a girl someday.” Cas says, and Jack feels a little sparkle in their chest. At least, that’s the best way they can describe it.
So he stays quiet, walking around Cas (and examining the wings as he does so) so he can come face to face with him.
Smells like home.
The words just seem to pour gasoline over the fire in his soul, and he looks away from Sam again, his hands shoved into his pockets.
“I don’t need to,” Cas whispers, and he kisses Dean.
I’ll allow it. When met with extremely good reason. And Sam?”
He doesn’t let anyone use it, and no one knows if it’s been used for anyone else.
“I know, guys, I know.” He says, hands up. “One more thing. Those of you who… can fight, especially who can use their powers to do so, I need your help. We need to train, to prepare to protect ourselves in the event of a raid. I’m not going to ask you to decide right now, but those of you who want to help, Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are going to work on training. They’re good fighters. If you want to hone any power related skills, you can ask me. If at any given point you decide you want to train, prepare yourself, they will be training every other day at 2, starting tomorrow.”
Okay, so Claire had promised to speak.
Cas is sleeping when he comes in. He does that now; sleep. He sleeps for two hours, three at best, and only after a joint or two, at the very least, but he sleeps.
his very being cries out as he watches Dean drunkenly stumble in with yet another nameless, faceless figure as the clock strikes 1am.
It rings over Cas’ grace, but the soft groan Dean makes when he gets his lips on Cas’ skin drowns everything out.
they’re both right.
“You guess?” Cas asks, raising his eyebrow and leaning forward.
He stays for breakfast.
“It’s fine, Charlie. I’m not out there killing anyone, am I?”
“Yeah.”
Dean shakes his head a little bit but his smirk melts into a smile as he stands up. He looks nervous.
Genuinely piled.
He hopes that above all, Dean knows that it’s okay.
Cas is staring at the small bee with adoration in his eyes. The same look gets shifted to Jack, before Cas says, “I’ll take them to checkout!”
“Yeah.”
Cas closes his eyes, though. He breaks the contact for the first time in all their years together. Because he can’t help but tilt his head back and suck in a shaky breath.
“You’re amazing.” Dean says breathlessly, and that is absolutely
“I suppose.” Dean agrees, continuing to eat his food, not even giving Cas an ounce of contact, physical or visual.
Cas steps forward and hugs Dean, his arms wrapping around his middle and his eyes closing. Their heads rest on each other’s shoulders, and they stand there. Dean mostly supports Cas, and eventually they break.
Now that everything is a little more intimate, a little more real?
“Dean?” Cas says, and he takes a risk. He initiates.
He was always told that people with magic, with mutations, that they were monsters.
So Dean closes his eyes, sucks in one long breath, and thinks.
He figured it was appropriate for today.
“But I am
“Okay, what’s up?” Dean asks, the first to break about two minute’s worth of silence.
Cas looks up at Dean with nothing but pure and simple adoration, an expression that remains belonging to him. Dean raises his head, and their eyes meet fully for the first time.
He looks at Dean, now.
He will.
(See the end of the chapter for
Shit shit
Dean, trying to suck in everything he can get from Cas’ palm. Dean, his eyes closed and his chest rumbling with a soft groan. His legs wrap around Cas’ waist to hold them close together. Pressed together in every way. Physically, emotionally, spiritually.
Alright, I’m going to try to keep this short, I promise, but I’d rather it be here than at the end end. So, I just want to give a big huge thanks to those who agreed to beta read. On tumblr, that’s @heteroheavencar, @sorakhhikari98, and @a-really-tired-really-gay-bitch. All of your input was so valuable, and your support meant a lot. And in a fully different category is Mads, @supernatural-gay-undertones. Mads here helped me with almost every aspect of this fic other than writing, and this fic is just as much due them as it is to me. I could personally never thank them enough. And, as to a short note on the fic, this fic truly is my baby. I’ve had the idea for probably a year now, but only recently did I decide to write it. I’m so glad I did, though, and I’m so proud of it. I know you haven’t read anything after this chapter(yet, of course), but I would love to hear your thoughts. Thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoy.
Cas’ voice immediately drops and he grumbles, “nothing,” walking with Gabriel.
Dean furrows his brows a bit. “No fun facts this time?”
“Time for the favors, then.”
Cas would probably benefit from some time with Dean.
“And the same to you, Dean.” He says, and they fall into silence.
Daniel has his aunt and uncle, but he looks up to Cas.
“Perhaps there’s something the masses have right, when they call me your Angel.
Dean’s taller than Cas, technically. But in this moment, he feels so small, burying his head in Dean’s shoulder and wrapping his arms tight around Cas.
Gabriel is in the gym, and Cas sees him when he goes to check on the drying floor. Gabriel’s has his wings spread, his back against the wall. He looks down at a ruler, also against the wall, chuckling under his breath like an idiot.
“The sky. Well, the roof. Technically, the ground is up. Many, many things are up.” Cas wears a grin, and he rests his chin on his fist, his elbow set on the table.
“For what? This is what I’m here for, dude.”
“The middle set, of course, is for flight.” He says quietly, before returning to silence, holding the position with a stiffness Dean hasn’t seen on him in years.
Dean takes Cas’ hand again, holding it palm up and cleaning his wound with the patterned cloth.
“Well, I’ve never heard of an operation to remove wings.”
“He… he turned them… the color of
All three sets ruffle, as though speaking their disagreement, and he scowls at them. All three flap a couple times, first the top set, then the middle, then the lower set, and they burst into flames.
So Sam and Jack run to the very first exhibit together, and the next, and the next. Cas and Dean are trailing behind, their smiles wide and their hands swinging between them.
Talking.
Cas’ll take the attention off anyways. He’s much more decked out. The genderfluid flag hangs proudly over his shoulders, he wears a pin that says, “My Pronouns Are: Yes,” and his button up shirt
With that, the both of them stand up, shooting each other a glance. They begin to make their way through the old house, exiting the living room and finally reaching the small entryway that Cas wouldn’t exactly call a foyer, but also wouldn’t know exactly what else to call it. Cas shoos Charlie off to a corner, before finally starting toward the door, arm outstretched toward the handle.
Lo and behold, Dean’s the first one to break the silence, and Cas loves him for it.
As time went on, though, Dean’s actions got more smooth. He moved easier around Cas, even started asking before doing things so as to ensure it was okay.
, we’re still working through things. Neither of us should push things or force them into happening.” Cas gently cups Dean’s cheek, stroking his thumb over his cheekbone. Before long, though, his sincere moment is over, and he’s tugging Dean backwards.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sam. It’s a problem.”
“Hey, baby,” Cas whispers after a long while, “you’re going to have to move. My, I-” His hoarse voice flees and leaves the room silent, but Cas thinks Dean understands.
Dean meets Cas’ eyes, after a slight struggle, and he flattens his palm, holding it out towards the right wing with a questioning look in his eyes.
“You wanna go back to sleep?”
He does, but it’s a simple peck on the lips. It’s smile ridden though, and Dean can feel just how loving it is.
Dean thinks for a moment. It doesn’t take him long to figure out Cas is referencing his wings. He had been curious about them, after all. If it won’t lose him any points, maybe now’s a good time.
Cas pauses.
“I’m going to need any and all devices you own. I’ll be coming door to door over the course of the next day, perhaps two, and I would like it all gathered up by the time I arrive. To use any of it, you have to ask my permission. To leave, you have to ask my permission. Unless, of course, you have my explicit
Dean drops his head, nodding. “I’m… that’s terrible. Can we get him back? What are we doing here? Let’s… we can…” Dean shakes his head, looking back at Cas when he’s run out of words.
Dean’s eyes are filled to the brim with unshed tears.
across.
The turned attention returns full force to him, and talking starts up again.
Does she always see him as a lightbulb?
“So you’re, what, genderfluid?”
Now, Claire knows scars. Intimately. She knows what most scars look like, and what they will look like depending on what happened.
The scars are gone.
The wings smell like Cas, that otherworldly static with a hint of thunderstorm. When the world buzzes with electricity, but you can’t help but go outside and soak it all in. The smell is just more intense here, and Dean buries his face in the feathers of the middle set and just breathes.
Not once.
No, not admires.
“Dean, I’ve got a suspect in holding, I need to go.”
It’s sweet, and though it lasts maybe a second or two, a smile leaks into the kiss from Cas’ lips.
“I… I can possess people. Generally people have to try, I know, but it just… happens to me. Usually when I’m asleep.” Dean’s eyes are set on the table in front of him, and Cas feels a sting deep in his chest.
“Hey, it’s okay. You’re alright, I’m right here. I gotcha.” He says, wrapping his arms around her.
No, that shit is
The envelope is heavy, heavier than it should be, and the wet corner of it is turning his jeans into a darker blue.
Cas sits up during this rush, looking at Dean.
The thought makes his eyes widen and his eyes shoot up from where they were settled on the cup he was filling.
He had expected for Cas to shake his head.
Cas lies awake a few minutes longer, watching Dean. He sits there, like that, as long as he can. Until the dark wave takes him over, and he falls into sleep alongside Dean Winchester.
He doesn’t do much with Kelly, but, well, the baby hasn’t been born yet. Cas can’t blame him.
“Thank you, Charlie.” Castiel says, before turning on his heel and walking toward the bedrooms of The Sanctuary, eyes squeezed shut and lips pursed.
“Castiel, I can’t j-“
No, no, he can’t, because light- no, not light- grace is flowing out of Cas.
an improvement), Cas sleeps even over what he used to. And every single night.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Um… yeah. So, if I tell you something, you won’t report me, right?”
It’s been five weeks.
He tries to stop, to go through pleasantries, but nothing comes. “Alfie’s been imprisoned.”
Cas’ eyes soften as he replays the last ten minutes and remembers exactly how Dean had showed up. “Dean, do you want to talk about why you need my help?”
“Now I worship you, and I’ll shout my contentment, my happiness, my utter adoration for you until the ends of time.”
, when Castiel had taken on power. When Castiel pulled in souls from Purgatory itself simply to please Dean. When Castiel preached free will and obedience at the same time as he genuinely, literally stabbed his siblings in their backs.
That makes Dean even more excited, of course. So he walks over to Cas.
Sitting at the top of Dean’s old, slightly crumpled (he got frustrated) page of notebook paper is a title.
Dean feels the heat hit his face in one huge wave, but he can’t close his eyes. Not even when he feels his eyes start to dry out, then water. Dean just stares.
“All of the people constantly being invaded by the world’s thoughts and feelings?”
Cas is excited now, Dean can see it in the flint in his eyes. He’s hesitant, embarrassed maybe, but he’s excited.
But now he’s back into that old routine.
It’s gone.
“Your wings, right? They got cut off?”
Sam seems to have frozen. He’s sort of pale.
have I worked here? You call them monsters, but they’re more human than lots of people ever will be.
It’s Cas.
And they screamed that at each other through tears. “You deserve more, you deserve better, let me push you up, I’ll stay down here.”
He can’t move, but all he wants to do is run after Dean. He can’t, of course, though his hands and feet twitch. He presses them into his bed and floor, respectively, to stop the urges.
He cannot save Dean Winchester.
“I was a kid when I met you, Dean. I figured you just looked like that,” They say, crossing their arms. “You look like a dude. Ya’re handsome too, I guess,” They mumble out that last bit, sitting back fully and crossing their arms.
It was quiet before, but now it’s silent. His ears ring with it, with Dean’s exit.
“I understand if you want to leave after hearing that, to be… completely honest with you.” Cas says, offering Dean a kind smile and pulling back the hand that he had forgotten.
“Hey, hey, stop it. Hey, Babe, look at me.” Dean says, reaching out for a second before pulling his hand back.
It scares him, honestly. Having so many people out there that just know. But at the same time he thinks it’s great. If someone needs help, if they’re having troubles with their very existence being illegal, Castiel will always help.
No, not disappear.
How is he supposed to deny a trait in himself that came solely from Dean; humanity?
“That’d be nice. I’d like to spend more time with you.” Again, not precisely true, but the sentiment makes Cas smile.
. It took me a long time to realize that. Longer than it should have, but I did in the end. They have feelings. They’re solid, emotional people and they’re being repressed. Pushed into the ground.”
He also gave Claire a lecture on the way back which made them pout nearly the entire time.
Cas’ lower set of wings wrap around his body, before hiding his feet from Dean’s sight.
He insisted on doing the rounds, though. No one could take him away from that.
Dean loves it, and he knows Cas does too.
He glances over, and, lo and behold, those electric blue eyes are staring at him. Straight into his soul.
“Oh, yeah. Well, anything else?”
Cas spent the rest of his week visiting the town in Dean’s apartment. Dean told Charlie they hardly left the bedroom, but that was because she’d been sitting on his couch at the time.
Charlie helps Cas more now too, and Gabriel and Balthazar pitch in when they want. Charlie took it upon herself to assign certain people certain roles too, so Cas only has a decent amount of chores.
He watches a young girl playing with building blocks, floating above her head. He hardly swallows a natural scowl, but, well, it is quite the endearing scene.
Three years later, the lovers haven’t forgotten each other. Of course they haven’t.
Even not looking at Sam, he can feel the energy shift in the room. Practically hear Sam’s every muscle tense.
Cas is going to scream.
“Really?” Jack asks, excited but quiet (it’d been a long day).
It’s not mocking and it’s not even flirtatious.
“Alright.” Dean murmurs, and he can’t stop himself from a slightly over-dramatic eye roll as he wraps his arms around Cas’ shoulders.
That’s Castiel.
Gabriel pokes and prods for a bit, not really letting the topic change but not pushing it completely on Cas.
Dean’s insides flare, but his chest turns to ice when he hears Cas’ harsh tone.
Sammy’s healing. He’s doing good. Dean checks in on him every day, and he’s slowly coming to terms with who he is. Eileen is helping. She’s not a monster, so why would
They go into the main room, and Dean settles Cas on a couch. Dean grabs a blanket for himself, because he didn’t set the fire.
Cas rolls his eyes, standing up. “You coming?”
Cas’ hands, he now realizes, are clenched in the shitty mattress he sits on, his arms straight as a pole beside him.
Long before he knew that that was the first beautiful, beautiful sin on a long path of love and regrets - though the regrets never held against his sins, no. They were that the sins hadn’t been committed earlier.
Cas is, in a word, mortified.
Envy may have been the first emotion Castiel ever truly felt.
It says his name.
, of all things, is really just full of freaks hiding from the law.”
He flips it, same as always, and he hands it to Dean. Its weight rests familiar and comfortable in his hand, and he gets to enjoy it for the moment it lasts before Dean takes it.
He’s sure they make quite the image.
“So, for many years, almost one hundred now, my family has been helping people with powers. At first it was little things. Housing, feeding, so on. But sixty years ago, one of us bought this land and started construction. Not on it, no, but beneath it. They created a bunker, probably over three times the size of the largest home in America.” Dean’s eyebrows are high on his forehead, and his eyes are wide. This is a predictable reaction, though, so Cas continues.
Cas stares at the ceiling high above him, thinking thoughts of Dean. Just Dean.
“Shut up.” Dean cuts him off quickly, taking his hand.
Although, perhaps it is a date, in which case Dean doesn’t need a picnic. Everything’s already set out. He has Cas, what more could he ask for anyways?
Suddenly, they have an idea.
It feels cold.
And he knows that now.
Dean smiles and hugs him back, letting him rest his head on Dean’s chest from his slouched position. They sit there for a moment, before Dean gently pats Cas’ back, letting out a light chuckle. “Okay Bud, I’m just tryna make sure you’re not wearing yourself thin. No need to get all cuddly.”
