For those unfamiliar with Irish names, Eoin is pronounced 'Owen'
(See the end of the chapter for
The cab ride home was quiet, both men lost in their thoughts. John knew he was going to have to tell Sherlock something and maybe this was the opportunity he had been waiting for? There was no point in trying to lie so should he just take the risk of telling the truth?
“It was watching the force and trajectory of the apricot fall, made me realise that the murder weapon was actually a sphere moving at great speed. From that point on, everything else fell into place. In fact, Lestrade, I predict you will find the ball in the gardens under the purple geraniums”.
I have created a mood board for this story on Tumblr. You can find it here
he was!”
“Let me know how you get on.” Michael watched as Sherlock headed for the door.  “And remember. He’d be lucky to have you.”
“Yours.”
As their breathing calmed,  John reached down for his underpants to clean up some of the mess they had made.
It was as he rooted around in the cupboards to find something to use as a fruit bowl that the phone began to ring. He was stood with the brown paper bag of loose apricots when Sherlock, dripping all over the floor from his shower, rushed out of the bathroom to grab his phone.
A week later, and Sherlock is licking things he shouldn't.
“John, have you ever given any thought to being a foster parent. I mean, yourself and Sherlock being foster carers?”
The noise frightened Sherlock. It was the first noise he had heard in a while and although it only lasted a moment, it made him jump. He spent ages trying to work out what had made it. It seemed very familiar and he narrowed it down to being either a frog, a bell or a bird chirping. He flexed his fingers and wriggled his toes. It felt good so he decided to do it again. Breathing in deeply he also decided to see if he could wrinkle up his nose. He could! It was so exciting he did it again. Exhausted then, he went back to floating.
This Saturday morning, though, Sherlock was in a particularly ebullient mood, lying as he was in John’s arms licking morning toast honey from his fingers and basking in the afterglow of their sleepy and sensuous lovemaking. And it
“You have to help, Sherlock. Find the child. I’ll bring Emilia to Kent and if you need me, I’m sure the women won’t mind looking after her. Ring me”.
Removing his dressing gown to free up his arms and kneeling on a towel at the end of the bath, Sherlock began to systematically massage John’s shoulders, his neck, down the shoulder blades and his biceps, taking great care to keep his movements firm and quick.
Sherlock stood and looked. The dirty window threw back his own reflection as Billy held him, his crumpled suit and two days of unshaven growth on his face. Through the window he could see John pointing his gun straight at Mary, and hers back at John. The reflection of his own face hovered above the two outstretched arms.
_________________________
“When you say you and Sherlock were close, do you mean…? I mean, sorry, it's just he said something to me that gave me the impression he wasn't…”
on tumblr - come and say Hi
There is nothing that we can do or say that will ever repay that debt, of the lives – our lives – saved. No gift can reflect the gratitude we owe this brave man, no words can match what he has done for us, yet we have to try. Already lauded by those other cities, by the British Army and of course by His Majesty, Ladies and Gentlemen will you please be upstanding and show your appreciation for Sir General John Watson”.
The sleek, black limousine with tinted window glides to a silent stop outside the Roland Kerr College of Further Education. Mrs. Hudson raises an eyebrow at Sherlock who ignores it. The debate over the venue had raged far and wide between Mrs. Hudson, Mummy and Mycroft, all of whom had been astounded by their choice when London offered such a plethora of heart-stoppingly beautiful venues. Mycroft’s main objection was the fact that the College’s library, the location John and Sherlock had insisted on, wasn’t actually registered as a wedding venue. He had sniffed his displeasure at Sherlock, then pushed through the necessary paperwork.
Sherlock pushed back, the thin material of their pyjamas not really getting in the way too much. John slid his hands under Sherlock’s top, smoothing and stroking the strong muscled back, still warm from sleep. Sherlock in turn grabbed John’s bum and pulled him tightly closer to increase the pressure of their dicks rubbing together.
Mrs. Hudson sniffs and reaches for the tissues in her bag. Maybe she was being too hard on John.
“Hi. I may need your specialised care for a new-born, John. How would you feel about that?”
“I am aware of that, John. I am familiar with how human reproduction works.” Now that he has come to the realisation that being a parent is something he wants, Sherlock is nervous about John’s reaction. Nervousness always makes him snide. Out of habit, he prepares himself for disappointment and gathers his old protective layers about him.
Sherlock slams his tea cup onto the table and storms into their bedroom. John expects Mycroft will make a swift exit at this dramatic show of emotions. Instead, he calmly starts clearing up the shattered bone china and systematically clears the breakfast dishes. It’s almost as if he was expecting this, John thinks.
“You are not supposed to be here. You made us a promise” John slowly moved into the room as he spoke, ending at the top of Charlotte’s Moses basket.
Molly stands before the group, smiling shyly. “This is from Sherlock to John. He says he’s not good at explaining how he feels so this is to help. It’s written by Tommye Blout.”
The noise frightened Sherlock. It was the first noise he had heard in a while and although it only lasted a moment, it made him jump. He spent ages trying to work out what had made it. It seemed very familiar and he narrowed it down to being either a frog, a bell or a bird chirping. He flexed his fingers and wriggled his toes. It felt good so he decided to do it again. Breathing in deeply he also decided to see if he could wrinkle up his nose. He could! It was so exciting he did it again. Exhausted then, he went back to floating.
will be where she belongs”.
His musings were disturbed by the banging of the cottage’s back door,
John uncovers a need that Sherlock isn't sure he should have. It becomes more important to them than either one could have expected.
On the fourth day, a bomb was exploded on the Union Bridge that linked Horncliffe in Northumberland with Fishwick in Berwickshire. Two pedestrians walking their dog were killed. Sherlock received an email with a grinning face and the same question “Did you miss me?”
The rainy days were the worst for John, and there was no shortage of them in London. The pain began when the low pressure system moved in from the west and the dull ache in his shoulder would start before the rain actually fell. Most days John’s injury gave him very little trouble, a tightness when turning suddenly or an occasional twinge if he pulled it past its limits. Rain, however, resulted in a dull persistent ache that started in the shoulder and moved down to the elbow, spreading down his shoulder blade. When the rain persisted for days at a time, the ache would intensify and reach down past John’s wrist and into his hand.
“John, I don’t know but I believe you are nodding so I am going to come in. Please put the gun down”.
*  *  *
Sherlock wraps his hands behind John and balls them into fists. It had taken them a while to realise that Sherlock’s finger tips are so sensitive that anything they touch overwhelms the sensations from other parts of the body. John struggled with this fist making initially but was won over when Sherlock spent hours tracing patterns over his body with just his fingertips.
“Well, if you’re sure, dear?”
“Thank you, all very much. I appreciate you all being here, your kind words and this gift, but I need to make one thing very clear. I am no hero. I did what any one of you would have done if you had been in that situation. It just happened to be me that was there.” John’s eyes searched the crowd “Many years ago, a better man than me gave up his life so that I could be safe. As some of you know, it turned out to be a more complicated than that, but I decided a long time ago that I would live my life to deserve that sacrifice”.
They arrived ahead of the uniformed support and Lestrade decided they should go around the back of the house and try to make their entrance through the French doors to give them the advantage of surprise. Unfortunately, when they looked through the doors, it was them that were surprised the most.
“Mary, we have received a connection to a live stream from the people we believe are holding the principals. I am patching it though to your laptop”.
“I’m sorry for spoiling your experiment.” John begins, quietly, “I just couldn’t take the risk of you hurting yourself again.”
Lathering up his shaving foam, Sherlock concentrates on carefully smoothing it on his chapped cheeks. ‘How dare you throw away the beautiful gifts you were born with’ Molly had demanded. What gifts, exactly was Molly referring to? His intelligence, memory, puzzle solving? Were they really gifts? Was he wrong to numb himself, make himself forget?
“You put her in a …
“Blood capsule in your hand. Of course you did. I was surprised at the volume of blood and how quickly it healed. You prick.”
John continued his hunt at ground level, edging towards the desk.
Sherlock outlines his methodology and John concludes his experiment.
Sherlock rested his head on the window and begged the universe
John did what he always did. He grabbed his coat and left.
They moved forward towards the chairs. A side door opened and John tried not to stare. He failed. In the door way was an elderly woman, dressed in an immaculate turquoise suit and matching hat.
“I was mistaken”.
John laughs. He is fairly convinced he has surprised Sherlock from all the questions, but yes, of course, his genius husband is right, there is more.
“It was not your fault that the slide broke, John.”
“Seems you have a visitor”.
A moment later he is slowly pushing into Sherlock, the heat and tightness surrounding him an immense relief to his aching cock and balls. He holds Sherlock hard by the hips, fingers digging in and pulling Sherlock onto him, thrusting hard. Sherlock lifts his hips, pushing back onto John, his head twisting left and right, eyes screwed tight, mouth open, curls falling over his eyes. John ploughs into him, hard and deep, his own orgasm building fast. He has his own eyes wide open as he takes in every detail of his beautiful husband;  flushed, muscles flexing under his skin, hands pushed up to the headboard.
“Nope.”
is that severed hand doing in the bathroom sink?”
They spent the next hour in companionable silence. Sherlock lay on the floor, head rested on Redbeard’s belly listening to his big brother reading excerpts from his revision notes and dreaming of one day saving the world.
“Yes. It was, rather.” They gaze at each other solemnly before laughing. Sherlock flops onto his back again.
He grinned devilishly to himself.
“You are my best friend, Redbeard”, the boy whispered, “My best friend. You are the only one that understands me, doesn’t call me names”.
As he peered at the tiny face, Sherlock was entranced at the purity and vulnerability of this tiny girl. He didn’t need a priest or her parents to give him any title, at that exact moment Sherlock made her a promise in his heart to take care of her and be a friend when the rest of the world failed her.
Molly was perched on the bed when they arrived, holding Greg’s hand and giving him a rather graphic description of her latest autopsy. Apparently, she suspected foul play and was running some ideas past her new boyfriend. John found it rather comforting that his was not the only relationship that centred around murder, dismembering and criminal acts.
“Keep walking. Round the corner” His rage had subsided on the short journey. Mary had sat with her head down, her hands laid flat on her knees and John had texted Sherlock then just stared out of the window. He was worried that he had left Charlotte on her own but knew that if she cried, Mrs. Hudson would hear her or that Sherlock would be back soon. It was a risk he had to take to get Mary away from her.
Sherlock considered this idea. He remained unconvinced. His previous sexual relationships had been awful.
In that moment, John understood. It was time to reclaim Sherlock. Reclaim him from the people who had done this to them, weakened them, tried to destroy them. His dick filled, and lust took over, replacing all his concerns. He took Sherlock in his mouth fully and sucked and licked until they were both hard. Sitting up, he pulled off his own pyjamas:
“Wha?” John mutters, failing to open his eyes.
“Oh, do calm down, John. I shall be home later and shall treat you to a late supper if it bothers you that much – Oh, yes Molly, I’m coming. Do stop waving them at me, I’m trying to talk to my husband!”
a bloke, do you ever, d’ya know, compare?”
Opening his eyes to bright daylight, Sherlock decided he had made a terrible decision. Shockingly poor. He would ruin everything and never see John again. John didn’t even like classical music very much, why on earth would he want to go and see a concerto? Hauling himself from his bed, wrapped in his sheet, Sherlock examined his reflection in the bathroom mirror. Face sleep-creased, curls madly pointing in all directions and dark circles under his eyes, what on earth was he thinking? Why did he think John might want him? Selfish, selfish, selfish he chastised the creature in the mirror. He went in search of tea, dragging his sheet with him.
John shook his head. Sherlock could see there were tears on John’s cheeks. He was unsure if this was down to the physical pain but suspected it may be more. Taking a deep breath, he offered:
“S’tight.” Sherlock shook himself slightly. John was right in front of him now, understandably puzzled. “That is to say,” he cleared his throat and released a hand from his sheet and waved in John’s general direction, “Your suit. It is quite a tight fit.” Sherlock tried, but failed, not to stare at the point where the suit clung to the top of John's legs. There was a rather poorly disguised significant bulge.
Warily, John stuttered “Go on”. He was not fond of being the subject of Sherlock’s experiments, even those he did actually know about.
He sidled in, keeping his back to the counter and slowly worked his way around the tiny shop. The radio blared in the corner and Sherlock strained to hear the conversation being held. After a few minutes of Sherlock’s browsing, the shopkeeper thanked his customer and wished him goodbye.
“Where is it? What have you done with his phone?” Sherlock demanded of Anderson and the uniformed officers preparing to remove the body for autopsy.
Surprisingly I must admit I was wrong,
“John” Sherlock whispered, his voice cracked, throat sore.
Paracetamol located, he headed back downstairs and was just filling a glass of water when a freshly dressed Sherlock appeared, hair wet and smelling of lemons with a musky undertone. John was reminded of lemon curd and felt the overwhelming desire to lick the last remaining droplet of water that had fallen from Sherlock’s hair onto his clavicle. He forced his hand to stay around the glass of water and not reach out to run his fingers around the bicep clad in a clean white shirt. With a start, John realised what he was doing.
All I have done all day is watch John, think about John.  I will not lie, it has been most satisfying; I do not think I can ever get enough of John.  In the quarter of a century I have known him I have never tired of him, have never been bored.  But this round-the-clock observation of him has to stop.  This is a problem I have to fix or else I will never get any of my important work done.
With a seriousness that wipes any hint of a smile off his captivating visage, he tells me, “I haven’t wanted to rush you.  Hell, if you pass out when we kiss, I can’t imagine what would happen if we did much more.  But don’t ever,
emotionally, or…” he draws a long breath of air into his nose.  “Or not at all.
“Not as much as I was.  You…you were right, John, I
Sherlock opened his phone to the last text he’d sent John.
Colour rises to my cheeks as I remember my thoughts in the shower.  As I look at his hand and wonder how it would feel against me, caressing me in places he has not yet gone.  As I look at his lips and wonder if they would burn me as they whispered along my hip, traveling down to the sensitive skin on my groin.  Lingering there.
“When Harry and I were little, Dad used to put the treats and stockings out.  Every Christmas morning when we woke up the milk and pies would be gone and presents would be under the tree; he kept doing it even after we found out there really was no Father Christmas.”  John paused as he hung up a stocking stitched with the name “Sherlock”, his hand poised on the tack as he looked away, lost in his thoughts.  Squaring his shoulders and clearing his throat, he continued speaking.   “When Dad left, Mum was always too drunk to remember Christmas, let alone keep up with the tradition, so Harry and I did it.  It somehow made things a little more normal.  I’ve done it every year since except when I was in the Army.  It just makes me feel…  I don’t know, it feels right somehow even when there are no children about.”
“Sherlock, I’m sorry, I…”
Sherlock lowered himself to his knees, scooting close to the tent, but Mrs. Hudson still gave no indication she was aware of his presence. Sherlock reached out to where she lay on a pile of fetid blankets, her tattered clothing draped over a frame at least thirty pounds lighter than when Sherlock had last seen her. He put his hand on her arm, but though he pressed at her flesh, he felt nothing. He saw no imprint on her skin. He pressed harder. To the same effect.
Smiling, Sherlock sank into the bed and closed his eyes, for the first time in days feeling as if all of him were there.
With a lifelong loyalty to the King, the idea that came to John startled him.
“Hardy har har.  You put her up to that, didn’t you, Sherlock.”
“But I still had to make sure.  Had to clear all the other crap out of my head. I needed to put Mary and all the rotting chaos she caused, behind me.  If I was going to tell you how I felt, how I feel, it had to be when nothing, no one else was in the way.  You deserve no less. I could give you everything I have, everything I am and it would never be as much as you deserve.
Molly’s mobile chimed. A text from Andi.
“Uhmm, I suppose so.”  He appears uncertain of the answer.  “Supposing that is the case, then why?”  He peers into my eyes, seemingly to look for latent madness.  I should never have told him my family’s medical history.
At John’s uncertainty, a stab of remorse pierced Sherlock.
Dammit John!  Why have you not texted me?
I suspected he would counter with that argument.  He is so easy to deduce.
“Eduard’s death I be not sure about until tonight’s attack; it could not have been the servant.  And despite my suspicions I have tried to be kind.  You have seen me this week, tidying for everyone, fetching this and that without being asked, helping with the cooking.” Cedric stretched his neck and rolled his shoulders.  “But tis something else about Sherlock I do not like.  I do not think tis his arrogance; there be no shortage of that in those we meet.
“Jesus, Sherlock, I’m such a prick.”
Sherlock unleashed his anger on John next.  “And what more be there to hear?  I shall tell you.  Nothing.  I have heard all I want or need to hear.  You knew about this and did not tell me?”
“Yes, sweetheart?”
The door creaks as John opens it.  (How would I know why we close the door when we are the only two people who live here!  Now shush.  We are busy!)
“You do not have to go.  Here, have a cup of tea.” I reach for a mug and offer it to her, the tremble in my hand threatening to spill liquid out the top.  I do not tell her it is not for her I want her stay.
Sherlock remembered the last time he be in search of John, when he had found him in the stable with the harlot.  The thought of seeing hands that had touched him so lovingly, touch someone else, made him ill.
They would proceed, then.  The two of them.
“I should hope not!  If I am your lover and boyfriend, then obviously I am your date!”  I am suddenly perplexed, unsure if I am correct about the social norms.  “Am I?”
Scowling at his mobile (
I miss you too, John.
“Now what is it you want?”
Outside the air is quiet, tranquil in the way it only can be after a fresh snowfall.   Sneaking out from a break in the clouds, the moon’s beams reflect off the snow, lighting our way.  Still, John shines the torch on the ground before us, searching for our visitor’s path, but circling the house, we find no footprints.  No footprints?  Even if the burglar has not come back down to make his escape, surely he arrived here in some manner. It started snowing early in the evening; he could not have been hiding in the cottage the whole time.  Or could he?  I do not know if it is that possibility or the cold which makes me shiver.
John waited for him to say or do something, waited for
Don’t look at the road.  DON’T look at the road, I warn myself, unable to resist glimpsing in front of me; I am deep in self-preservation mode.  Sherlock’s driving hasn’t improved over the years.  I still feel as if every time we get in the car with him behind the wheel I’m taking my life into my own hands, but I can’t say that it didn’t feel that same way the day I fell in love with him.  Being part of Sherlock’s life has always been a dangerous proposition, and riding in a car with him is just an extension of that.
John made a hasty decision to take the risk.  If he asked and was denied, so be it, he could live with it.  But he never even tried?  Well that would torment him forever.
John heard his name.  His name said in that same obscenely rich tone he heard every day at home.  The voice of Sherlock.  He heard it again, this time, breathed softly into his ear.  John’s eyes flew open and he froze.  Not with fear, but with wonder.  For right next to his own face was the
“Night, night,” Sherlock said, leaning down and kissing the crown of John’s head, John’s scent coloring his brain with pleasure.
“Oh, yea, right!  Right proud of myself about now, ” he laughs with me.  Flippity flip.  There is no sweeter sound.
“I love you, too, John.”
“I haven’t time for your games, Mycroft.  What is it?”
I rub his back briskly to ensure his blood is flowing.
“Of course, she is. Wait. You don’t think she has one of the chips in her, and she’s recording us, do you?”
Straightening the hem of her blouse, Nika turned to Mycroft. She was as ready as she would ever be for what was about to come.
John studied the resolute face above him, his heart heavy.  As much as he wanted Sherlock to join him, he knew what the answer must be.  No.
” John asserted, his tone saying he wasn’t going to brook any arguments.
“I don’t know what that means.  In love.  Love is for greeting card companies and people who intend to procreate.”
His chest heaves, he is pointing his finger in my face; he is angrier than I have seen him in a long time.
The anger on his face receding, it is replaced by a warm smile.  A John smile.
“William,” John said.  “We were speaking of him, the man who granted your release. I remember hearing rumours that years ago he banished a wife and their young son.  I never gave it any thought--”
For the first time since we arrived at the flat, Sherlock looks at me. I see something in those piercing blue eyes that I have not seen there before, for if I am not mistaken, I see fear.
If I had looked at John I would have seen his mouth hanging open as he started to say something, and stopped.  I would have seen the alarm in his eyes.  But I did not look at him.
“No, I didn’t and I am not.”  Sherlock’s eyes gentled as he watched John process this, watched his friend’s discomfort fade.
Returning to the room with a crate carried between them, Sherlock’s and Colin’s faces be red from the strain of carrying the cumbersome box.
What happened was, the idiot got himself in the way of a fleeing bank robber.  Greg called me, telling me Sherlock was in hospital.  I didn’t hear much more than ‘he’s going to be alright’ as I shoved my phone into my pocket and flew out of the clinic, rushing to the hospital, needing to see for myself Sherlock was alright, ready to give him a piece of my mind.  Ready to tell him in no uncertain terms it was time to stop being so daft and to use that big brain of his for something other than putting himself in dangerous situations; he would get himself killed someday.
Sherlock berated himself.
John sits beside me on the bed, his brows creasing.  “Ok.  Now this is a new one.  I’ve never made anyone laugh before.  What is so goddamn funny?”
“Nope, you did it all by yourself.  You added it last night…well, I should say this morning.”  John reddened, remembering the vigorous activities that stretched our wedding night well into the morning.  “I told you to go to sleep; you were barely coherent enough to make it to the loo and back.  But you said ‘No-o-o, it is imperative I see your pail list and add whatever I missed to mine.'  I admit I was surprised you included Las Vegas, but I’ve never pretended to understand how your mind works.”
“I’m not lying.”
John smiled. Rather endearing, really, that man-child aspect of Sherlock. The lack of guile.
With the same soft voice she’d used earlier, Ella said, “Isn’t that up to him?”
“Twat!  You, madam, are a twat.
He has little time for me; his thoughts are with Dr. Watson.
“Well, what?”
“John.”
Thankfully, in my bachelor years, I could ignore the yearly fiasco, begging off familial, and the rare social, invitations. “No, I shall not be able to attend; Scotland Yard requires my assistance.  Grizzly murder, you know.  So sorry.”  Even the times John would come from his flat downstairs and knock on the door, “Come on, Sherlock, join Katie and me.  We’re having turkey and plum pudding…” he would say, appealing to my sweet tooth, but I would beg off with a cold (“How many bloody Christmases in a row can you have a cold?   Eh, Sherlock?!”) or a case (“Won’t work, Sherlock.  Won’t work.  Greg is in my flat right now.  Now get your arse downstairs!”).
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Idiot.
Despite the fact that Sherlock was very obviously alive, Anderson had never gotten over his guilt, never felt he had fully atoned for Sherlock’s ‘suicide’.  It was his hope that today he could sufficiently absolve himself.
"Say you she gives the potion only to those who are kind to her. She will give it to you?" He asked, leaving the question he most wanted to ask unspoken but hopefully understood. Many qualities he had already seen in Sherlock, but he was not so certain kindness was one of them.
“Dad, Pére, everyone’s here!”
“Have you ever made bread, Sherlock?”
John stiffened, and in a voice laced with ice, bit out, “Remove your hand.  Now.”
Scotland Yard; you have no authority to detain me. Now, if you want to
they don’t describe what you
“I mean, tis no need.” Sherlock lifted his head, a sheepish grin on his face as he looked at John.
“Because he loves
John watched the two Holmes volley words that were on the surface, polite, but underpinned with barbed wire.  Fascination and dread warred inside him as he waited, anxious to learn what they were talking about.
Looking at the prisoner, who was still clothed, John was suddenly filled with a foreboding that this particular prisoner felt he had some ‘business’ to take care of with
Back then, each morning I awoke at the same time, 3:31 a.m., to the same thought: “…show you every day how very much I appreciate and care for you”, my wedding vow to John.
that?  He knew he never could.  All he knew was his need to keep John safe from the killer still out there.  Once he identified and neutralized Moriarty’s killer, John would be safe, and he would turn himself in.
A guttural moan left John as he rose to consciousness. Squinting, he lifted his head. “Sherlock?”
I take it back from him, perching it between my fingers.  “It says ‘Every minute of every day’.  That is how often I love you, John, and promise to for as long as I am alive.”
“I’m going to divorce her, Sherlock.  This is supposed to be the happiest time of my life.  I’m a newlywed for Christ’s, and I’m going to be a father in the next few weeks.  Why can’t I care right now?”
The trip down the stairs was slower than the one up; he needed time to process, and practice, what he might say. “
“And how do you propose…” Sherlock took a deep breath to steady himself. “… that I went from completely sober to blackout drunk in less than an hour?” He couldn’t have been at James’s flat for more than three-quarters of that.
, so by the end of the month?  If we can find someplace available, that is?”  He watches me, holding his breath for my answer, his hand gripping mine a little tighter.
“And the madman himself? He's fascinating. Arrogant, imperious, pompous. He's not safe, I know that much. I'm not going to be bored and I doubt we're going to be arguing about whose turn it is to pay the gas bill or what we're going to watch on the telly. And yeah, he is probably most likely definitely mad. But, he knows a couple of nice restaurants so he's not all bad.”
Panic filling him with the fear that he might not, John let his fear fuel him.  Let it give him a burst of strength that forced him through, until he broke to the front of the crowd.
“Dame, good day. Tis Sherlock,” he said, hesitant to take a step forward. Would he still be welcome? To his own ear his voice sounded deeper, softer than was usual. He pulled his hood down as a courtesy, though twould be of no difference to her.
As if on cue, Jocelyn broke the air with a pitiful scream.  John sprang up from his crouch, grabbing her reins to steady her.
He kisses me, seeking forgiveness, his mouth teasing mine.  His tongue reaches inside, tracing the soft inner lining of my lips, seeking out the corners of my mouth.  He eases my jacket and shirt off cooperative, limp arms, dropping them unceremoniously into a pile on the floor.  Deep in the recesses of my mind I think ‘wrinkles’, but the thought is no more than a blip replaced by the heat of his deepening kiss, his tongue now thrusting into me, demanding I meet it thrust for thrust.
“John, please.  And this is my husband.”
He hadn’t known about John taking the pictures, and he hadn’t known that …
, did you not say you would not let me loan you money?”
“I do not know what thou means.”
Reluctantly, I lift my head until our eyes meet.  He peers into them, searching, I know, for artifice.  I blink my eyes rapidly, quivering my lower lip in “pain.” Hmm, perhaps I have not lost my ability to deceive, after all.
Sherlock smiled. Now,
Removing his hand from his stomach, he gathered his composure and straightened his back.  Even in a hushed tone, his voice carried easily in the quiet darkness.
Seeing the storm on my face, John reaches out to comfort me.  But before he touches my hand, he pulls it back, resting it on his thigh.  I am jealous of his thigh, remembering when it was mine where his hand laid. Remembering the heat of his hand on my skin.
“I love you, John,” I whisper to his sleeping form.  Despite my resolve not to wake him, I am unable to resist touching him.  Unable to resist lightly drifting down the length of his arm, his soft hairs brushing against my fingertips, down to the strong hand that brings me such exquisite pleasure; it lies on his stomach, rising and falling with each breath.  I trace the outline of each digit, niggling the wrinkles bunched on his knuckles, raking the pad of my finger on his nails, smoothing along the pronounced veins on the back of his hand, the veins through which flow his life.   My life.  Slotting my fingers in between his, carefully so as not to disturb him, I lie back down beside him, resting my head on his shoulder where his soft breaths warm my cheek.
“It’s on my … oh, never mind.” With a sigh of resignation, Molly stepped away from the body.
These were the initials that could well turn a lopsided life all the way upside down.  And he didn’t think he would ever be ready, but like bringing a child into the world, could one truly ever be
“Be you all right?”  Colin rose, taking a stool near to sit by him.
He would not do that to Sherlock.
He scanned the area, sighting a plume of smoke.
a future for us?  But as I think these things, I know I am selfish.  Even if it were not me, I would want him to be happy, to be joined to someone who could give him companionship and a family.
“Do you mind if I get into bed with you, now?  I’d really like to, uh, be together.”
“Twas when Gareth, yes, Gareth, that twas his name. Twas when Gareth came from a nearby table to sit with us and said he had overheard your name,” Cedric told Sherlock. “He thought it unusual, said he wanted to know from where such a name came. And that was when Eduard excused himself.”
“No, John, you do.   It is, uhm, it is quite stimulating to have you defend my honour.”
As an afterthought, just before he left James’s flat, he had grabbed a handful and stuffed them into a pocket, now grateful that the muggers—if that is truly what they had been—had taken only the replaceable items, his wallet and mobile.
I continue to glare at him, sharply shaking my head.
I watch him, worried.  This is the first time Katie visited him here and he looks almost as...I won't say despondent, for he has never revisited the depression that plagued him when we first met. But there is a sadness I have not seen since Katie moved out. He was sad, but it did not settle in his eyes so harshly; he distracted himself by trying to keep me out of trouble. Not that it always worked... but that is another story.
way I’m going to leave you, whether with anyone else or alone, then yeah, I guess so.”
Could it be that John still loved him?  He needed to find out.  He
Sir John shifted on his feet, unsettled by the strong faith this man had in his heritage.  So convicted was Sherlock in his version of his past, against his better judgment belief stirred in Sir John, knowing pity would be a far more sensible approach to such declarations.
About to ask how Sherlock’s father, and Gareth’s connection to his father, fit into his plan, John decided against it.  Sherlock would talk when he be ready.  If John be not wrong, Sherlock was putting together a plan in that extraordinary brain of his, devising a way to find out who waited for Gareth’s return and how to find them.
Now he could sleep.
“You once said I was the wisest man you know.  If I am, it is only because of your guidance and constancy.  You were here to teach me that ‘alone’ does not protect me. You were here to show me what love is, as you continue to do each day.  You are here to remind me that being the smartest person in the room is only accomplished by being wise enough to love
wrapped around him?!
“With your heightened sense of loyalty, it would be the one thing that you would think you couldn’t forgive yourself for.” Sherlock took another step closer, close enough to reach out and touch John, but he didn’t. “Or that you think anyone who loves you couldn't forgive you for. Namely, me.”
“What?  That pervert touching you turned you on?”
“Sherlock!”
Many times I have said I am happier than I have ever been.  It is a ridiculous statement to make…how can one measure, and thereby compare, degrees of emotion? It cannot be done; emotions have no quantitative properties.  And yet somehow I know, amongst all the good feelings, all the happiness I have ever felt, in this moment my sense of happiness has reached a pinnacle.
When I return to the cottage, I do not receive the grand reception I envisioned.  The ‘ooh’s’ and ‘ahhh’s’ and ‘You’re Amazing!’ are nowhere in evidence.  Instead I am greeted by a compact ball of fury that is more likely to thump my head than to smother me in kisses.
“So, seriously.  Why don’t you want me to drink my tea?”
“Thank fucking Christ.  Jesus, if I had to go one more day without touching you...”  The words escape his lips as he burrows his hands into my damp hair and pulls me down to his mouth.
“Chanae. Yes, fits you perfectly. And so, Chanae, have you seen Simon lately?”
His head fuzzy from lack of air, he pulled back to catch his breath and as he did so he heard a soft voice in his ear say “Happy New Year, John”.  What the fuck?!   She was a bloke!  And just how in the hell did she know his name?
Sherlock huddled in his chair, visibly shivering despite the coat and three blankets.
When John joins me by the fire I cup his face in my hands, giving him a peck on the lips.  “I love you, John.”  And while I still feel anxious that John’s bucket list will soon be complete, I make the effort to push the thought aside.  I will live in
“Why?”
John coughed.  “Uh, fine.  I’m just fine.”  He cleared his throat and rebooted his brain.
But the suit, and John’s performance
Sherlock stood, pulling himself to his full height.  Towering over them, he glared at the two faces: one defiant, the other amiable, if not a bit timid.
not everything.)  But the alcohol has not improved John’s mood.
He did not know how much more torment he could take.
Every entry I find, save a small handful, situates him next to Sherlock, whether in an image or in an article. How in the world did I not notice?! He’s practically inescapable. The only defense I have for being so unobservant is that as handsome as Dr. Watson is, Sherlock’s ethereal beauty draws attention away from everything around him.
“What Sherlock?”  He grumbles.  I really must teach him self-relaxation techniques; they have worked so well for me.
John holds up a hand, resigned.  “Okay, just don’t say I didn’t warn you.  I put our passports and extra cash in the safe.  Anything else you want to add?”
Grabbing John’s cloak off the back of his chair, Sherlock bundled it, and gently lifting John’s head, eased him back down to the makeshift pillow.
Sherlock waved his hand at the screen.  “Don’t be ridiculous,” he said, his expression just as dismissive of John’s stupidity as his words.  He saw something cross John’s face, as though there was something more he wanted to say, but Sherlock didn’t ask what it was.
“Come here,” I say, my tone hushed in the quiet morning.  Tugging at his hand to bring him closer, he climbs onto the bed and straddles me, his knees hugging my thighs.  There are far too many layers of bedding and clothes between us, but the weight of him as he leans onto me helps make up for these other…momentary inconveniences.  Threading his fingers through my hair and wrapping his hands around the back of my head, he leans down the rest of the way until his lips meet mine.
“What is it, Sherlock?”  The confusion in Sherlock’s eyes frightened him.
If I could think, I would tell him I love him, too, how besotted I am.  How indescribably happy I am every minute I am with him, that there is no one else I could ever imagine loving.  But I cannot think, so I do not.  I hope he knows anyway.
.”  Todd reached a long leg over John and straddled him as he pulled the strap that hung around the headboard, bringing John’s hands up above his shoulders, putting his well-muscled arms on display.
“What?  You think even if I be a murderer I be fast enough to use it on you before Cedric or your knight strike
“Well, then tell her to go to sleep. It’s four in the morning, and if we don’t get some ourselves…”
“Forever?”
Colin’s gaze dropped to the floor and, knitting his fingers together, cracked several knuckles.
Finally turning to face Mycroft, he studied his expression, searching for any sign of optimism.  Seeing none, he still felt the need to challenge the assumption that a bodiless uniform could mean nothing other than death.
“It is time? Why did you not say so?!”  I scramble from bed, still half-groggy; we could not have slept more than a few hours, taking a late train to London when Katie texted her water broke.  John called her and stayed on the phone much of the journey.  His excuse was to be available for medical guidance, but I know it was because he is an anxious grandfather-to-be.
“Thank you.” John looked at Sherlock as if waiting to be interrupted again. And when he wasn’t, he started talking. “For a few months, I’ve been going to the Ram’s Head once or twice a week. It’s an out of the way place that I’m pretty sure I won’t, I mean, I wouldn’t see anyone I would know. I was, uh, I just wanted to be alone, and they left you alone there; it isn’t one of those pubs where everyone knows everyone. It’s a place where no one
I am distressed that I feel the need to ask.  In the last few weeks there has been an unspoken agreement that I may kiss him whenever the need arises.  And the need arises often.  Never do I question the fact that I might not be welcome.
“Yes.  Unconditionally, yes.  Oh, and by the way, I love you, Dr. Watson.”
“She be a wise woman.  And thou, my love, be wise, too; thou proved it when thou fell in love with me.”  Hoping Sherlock would see, as he did, the humour in what he had said, John chuckled.  Sherlock did not join him.
“I know sweetheart, I love thee, too.” Stroking Sherlock’s hair, John rocked him as he would a babe.  Thinking how much he loved Sherlock.
you didn’t go to Cornwall.”
Sherlock bristled, asking over his shoulder. “MI-5 or Scotland Yard?”
Sherlock felt the need to disabuse John of the notion that he couldn’t love him. “What you said about me not wanting you because you aren’t whole any more, I don’t agree.  When we became friends it had nothing to do with what you owned or what you did for a living or what condition your body was in.  It wasn’t important then and it isn’t important now.  You are exactly the same person to me now as….”
"And why should you care about that, eh?" Sir John asked, his question met with silence. "We will take you to camp with us where you can rest. It will do you no good to spend the night lying on the damp earth."
"Are you coming back?"
Yelling at the maître d’ to call an ambulance, Mary’s companion dug through her bag for her mobile.  He didn’t know who John was, but he was sure to find him in her contacts.
“It’s good to see you, too.  Who were you talking to?  Whoever you said it to, they can’t have been that quick to get away already.”  She looks up and down the hallway, which remarkably, for a party this size, is empty save for the three of us.
Feeling a sting around the rims of my eyes, I blink a few times, trying to hold back tears.  I was doing so well all day, too.  And now here Sherlock and I are, moments away from saying our wedding vows, and I’m losing it.
He didn’t.
And just when John thought he might be able to breathe again, Sherlock smiled.  Was a small one, just a tick up at the sides of his mouth, but oh, what it did to John.
“Yes.”  Sherlock didn’t know what else to say.  Didn’t know how to tell John what an idiot he was for not telling him he still loved him.  And would never, never stop.
John points at the floor in front of him.  I cast my eyes down, unable to look at him, and move toward him.  Apparently not close enough because he points again at the same spot.  I move closer, until I am but inches away from him.  What his intention is I do not know, but if he wants to hit me because of my impertinence, I do not blame him.  It will not hurt for long.  Not for as long as him leaving will.
“Jesus, leave it, Sherlock.  Alright, I’ll go.  But you owe me,” he warned.
Tearing his arm away, Sherlock snorted.  “I think you have been listening to too many fables.”
is different.”
should have known.
“No. I will take it with me.” Sherlock did not want to risk someone coming to the house and seeing his wounds. It would be unusual for a squire to be injured so, causing suspicions of their origins. Draining his mazer of ale, he opened the jug and poured thick ointment into it. When he had enough he re-covered the jug, putting it back where Laila stored it. With a quick peck on Laila’s cheek, “We shall return your mazer tomorrow. Time to go, John.” Sherlock pivoted toward the door.
“Yes, John, I be well,” Sherlock said, giving John’s hand another small squeeze.  “I be bored, so I pushed Cedric out to spend time with you.”
This quandary has been vexing me for days.
I officially stop breathing.
another.
After he grew into adulthood there had been the infrequent sexual encounters.  Encounters that had been experimental in nature.  Encounters that had been a means to an end.  Encounters that had left him sated physically, but had not touched his heart.  That had not had even the slightest element of tenderness or love about them.
He couldn’t say he had ever given Mrs. Hudson a great deal of thought. She was simply
I finally look over at him.  That stupid smile is still on his face.  I am glad I am making you so happy, John.
Sherlock turned to face John and started peppering him with questions.
“Yes.”
“It was a shadow in your image, only a shadow,” Nika said, carefully emulating the soothing tones she employed with her patients, knowing they were having one of the worst days of their life and doing her best to reassure, not add to their worry.  “But as long as you were already under anesthesia, I thought I would check it out. As I said, nothing at all. No worries.”
Knock.  Knock.  Knock.
tolerate.”  He clamped his mouth shut as if he had said too much.
“If it’s the only way to get you to shut up and to realise there’s no way, no
Sir John swept aside the tent flap and strode to the tent where his other two squires slept, huddled together keeping themselves warm. Rousing Aldus, he bid him join Cedric in his task.
“You?  Why are
“Yes, John.  I trust you with my life.  I trust you to make good decisions.  And whilst I may have trouble believing that I am suitable for you, that I remotely deserve you, I trust you to know better than me if that is true.
“Before you go, I have something that might be of interest to you.”  Appearing almost weary, Mycroft stood and went to his desk.  He opened his laptop and powered it on.  As he spoke he opened a file, printing from it a three page document.
But just as I am about to switch the light off, he finally answers me.
juicy detail.  How long their kisses be, what kind of sounds they make, how big-”
As the squires’ footsteps clattered down the stairs, the room grew quiet but for the butcher calling to passersby in the street, the sound of John’s heels hitting the floor as he gathered dry twigs, adding them to the kindling. Lighting a patch of straw he clutched in his hand, he threw it on the wood in the hearth and knelt down to puff it into a small blaze. Dusting his knees off as he rose, with a smile he faced Sherlock.
I puff up with pride; the day has not yet officially begun and I have already achieved #1 on my Pail List- Make John Happy.  I clearly am a master at any task I undertake.
“Yes, I know, you
“Uhm, yes.”  Drat!  Now he has
He clasped his hands behind his back, fixing an expression he thought to be a bemused smile.
“And what was Sherlock like?  You said he was brighter than Laila.  He must have been a very smart boy, indeed.”  She smiled, encouraging her father to continue.
The smile on her companion’s face held no guile.  He had always found her beauty compelling and did no less so now despite the fact she carried another man’s child. He stood up and pulled the chair out for her. When he bent down and gave her a soft peck on the lips, she wiped a smear of bright lipstick off the corner of his mouth with her thumb.  To anyone viewing it, the intimate smile they shared would appear to be that of a couple deeply in love.
“This is for me?”
Colin ignored Aldus’s complaints.  Finished with the blouse, Colin grabbed the boots sitting by the bed and started putting them on Aldus’s feet.
we are going to snog our faces off...for as long as we like.  What do you think about that?”
Sherlock’s curls, washed and tamed.  A burnished brown just this side of black, they peeked out from under the rim of the hat, beckoning John to touch them.
“I don’t remember all your exact questions—”
Nika gripped her hands together, resolute in her demand that Mycroft Holmes meet her before she got off. Part of her was scared to death—to stand up such a powerful man, alone—but another part of her was practically shaking with excitement. If she pulled this off, and she was fairly certain she would, she would be free of Oleg forever. But she would have to pay the price of leaving her career, her calling, really, behind. She blinked back the tears that threatened; there would be time later to cry.
“Ha.  Love.  Tis a fleeting thing, not an unbreakable bond.”
A warm hand startled him as it took ahold of his own, resting its fingers in his palm. And when Sherlock tore his gaze from his frantic search around the room and looked at John, the bemusement was gone.
“Yes?”
“What?”
Aware of little but the man who stood before him, John’s lips lifted in a smile.
, Sherlock.  John loves you; you know it.  He told you he may not be able to text you often, but that you are to remember he loves you.
“Who be there?”  A voice came from behind the bushes, a hand pushing them aside.  “Oh, tis you.  Colin, be it?”  Aldus wiped his mouth with his arm.   “You left with such speed I did not have time to send food with you.  You be welcome to eat now if you be inclined.”
than he was moments ago. “You miss him, don’t you.” I want to take Sherlock’s hand, to console him, but I think that even with our pact, it would no longer be welcome.
“Mmmm hmmm,” I mumble, trying to wake up at least a little bit so I can stop and check on John John.  Looking down at the baby, his fist tucked at his mouth, I make sure his blanket isn’t wrapped too tightly around him.
“Tis no minor breach.  What if he tells someone?”  John paced the room.  If the subject be broached, how did they explain away what Colin saw?  Sitting down on the closest bed, he looked up at Sherlock; all the joy that had been on John’s face moments before, gone.
“What be it, Colin?”  John measured his voice; he could not let him hear his alarm.
“Come on, John.  Get up.”  Bending over and hooking an arm under John’s, Sherlock tugged at dead weight. “I need your help.”
“Yes, well… They were, for the most part, about me. Anyway, how you feel, or felt, about me. And about, em, my body parts that appeal to you, which seems to be all of them. I never realized you have a foot fetish, John.”
“Where be Aldus?  And who be you?”  The small man asked.  His eyes left Colin only long enough to dart quick glances around the camp.
.  I’m not worried you’re not going to be my husband anymore, Jesus, you idiot (‘I love you, too,’ I responded without thinking.). I’m just saying that I don’t contribute very much around here anymore.  I mean, you’ve always pretty much paid the household bills, even when we lived together in Baker Street, and I was okay with it because I did the cleaning, the cooking, the shopping, uh, yeh, pretty much everything else.”
“Unlike thee.”  John found Sherlock’s hip bone, stroking its ridge with his thumb.  “Thou be long, and lean, and –”
John dragged the chair next to Sherlock’s bed, but he didn’t sit down. He walked around the chair slowly, finger to lips. His mouth moving without sound, as if trying to choose the right words.
together.”  I use my most imperious tone, showing him how ridiculous he is being.
His laughter subsiding, Sherlock becomes serious.  “John, I know my feelings were late in coming, but they are no less real and no less powerful than had I realised them when we met.  I am just sorry it took so long.  But there is nothing to be done about it; we will just have to make up for lost time.”
“We be riding, Sherlock. I cannot teach whilst on a horse.”
“Oh, hell,” John blurted. That, Sherlock understood.
“Git.”
“I am sorry, John.  I did not mean to hurt your feelings. Please unpack.”
“But I—”
We walk to the bedroom, the journey silent.
“Yes, of course, you can.  Kind of comes as a surprise to me, too, that I said that, but it feels right, Sherlock.  You are the love of my life and there’s no one,
I sit in the chair near the end of our bed, watching John sleep.  It was a long trip home, and he is worn. The fairy lights he hung before we left for our cruise let me see clearly the man with whom I am deeply, irrevocably, in love.  The man who, I found out when we arrived at Heathrow, had outwitted me again.  Instead of taking a cab to Katie’s house, John had hired a car service to make the drive home.  Home.  Katie, Paul, and JJ will make the trip up to our cottage in the morning, joining us for Christmas Day.
I blink.
“I could call you ‘idiot’,” Sherlock said.  “Twould be no stretch since tis what I call most people.”
“Only two minutes left until the bomb goes off, John.” Sherlock canted his head, his focus on John as laser-like as the beams imprisoning him. “It’s not too late for you to leave.”
John and Sherlock sat alone in the far corner of the room.  In part so Sherlock would not be troubled by tedious conversations, but also so they could hold hands under the table, hiding them from prying eyes.  As much as Sherlock enjoyed teasing John about his romantic bent, Sherlock had been moved by the ceremony and stayed as close to John as could be deemed proper.
He pats the bed in front of him.
His thumbs hesitating over the mobile’s keyboard, he took the plunge.
“Who is it, John?”
“Yes, I think we have established that.  Though please, John, do try to refrain from using such vulgarity in your vows.  We do not want to offend Mycroft, his ears are delicate you know.”
John hooked an arm on the chair's handle and wrenched himself around, but a hand pinned his bicep in place before he could see what had happened. And in what seemed like the same instant, with his free hand, the man dug under John's right thigh and grabbed his gun.
“Nope.” Stamford shook his head, far too pleased with himself as he corrected Sherlock. “She hasn’t been to England in years, ever since she married that bloke from Florida.”
John rolls towards me and rests an arm on my chest. His head lies on my shoulder and a blanketed leg reaches over and nudges itself between my uncovered ones.  I do not know how he can be comfortable; it must be like snuggling a board.  He is not complaining and he does not move, so I must trust his judgment that it is good enough for him.
Leaning down to John’s ear, Sherlock breathed, “I love thee, too, John.  I love thee, too.”
John’s hand lay relaxed on his thigh. A compulsion to connect, tangibly, drew Sherlock unerringly to it, his own large hand molding to the warm one beneath that fit with such ease, such naturalness, as if it belonged there. Closing his eyes, he threaded his fingers lightly between John’s. As many times as he’d touched John’s hand in the relatively brief time they’d known each other, never had it been as profound as it was in this moment. Not only did he feel John’s warmth and strength, but it was as if he could feel …
Fortifying himself with a deep breathe, Sherlock deposits his delectably plump bottom next to me. Tsk tsk tsk, not close enough. I scooch so that our thighs touch.
“Ahhh, good girl, Katie, you’ve always been so intuitive,” I think.  And then she had to wait again for Sherlock to talk to her.  Where in the world does she get her patience?
We stay up whilst I recover from my trauma. We snuggle on the sofa and watch some ludicrous show about doctors on Mars.  (‘There cannot be doctors on Mars, John.  Humans cannot inhabit a planet which…’  ‘Just shut up, Sherlock.  It’s not a reality show.’)
Spencer jumped at the voice behind him. He hadn’t heard the back door open. “Is he okay?” he asked when he turned around, hoping the guy slumped over in the wheelchair wasn’t dead. That was the
is why I cannot lose him.  No one in my life has ever looked at me this way and, I know without a doubt, no one else ever will.
“Next,” Sherlock said, his fingers flying over the keyboard, “I send Simon the answer, and then…” He left the email body empty save for the lone word, Chip
His face flushing, not with embarrassment but with want, his groin uncomfortable with need, John’s gaze slid to where Aldus lay.  Even were Aldus sleeping, as he appeared to do, twas no time.  Taking a deep breath, and another, John forced himself to think about that which he
I am crestfallen.  No springing from his seat, no cry of thanks, no lips pressed against mine.
moist!), I gaze upon the smartest man in the room....
How do I tell him this?
Despite prolonging his descent, by the time he reached the ground floor, he still hadn’t a clue what he was going to say, and it caused him no small amount of anxiety. He would have to “wing it,” and he was little more suited to “wing it” than he was to tell the truth. At least in personal matters.
Merek nodded to Henry who went to retrieve the whip. Finding it, he handed it to Sir John, his eyes downcast.  He’d had enough trouble for one day.
found out.  It seems no one believes John Watson can be in love with me.  Not even me.
Sherlock lagged barely a few yards behind as Mayhew stammered across one street and then the next without seeming to check for oncoming vehicles, a foolhardy move considering it was a blind curve. But luck was with Mayhew–the crossing lights were in his favor, and he made it to Baker Street unscathed.
He slips on his shoes, shined with military conviction, and reaches for his dress uniform jacket. The buttons have had to be moved out slightly; he has filled out a bit in the years since discharge and, of course, he had to have the hidden pocket added. The jacket makes him stand just that bit straighter and taller, the scarlet giving his skin a glow. Adding the belt and hat, he gives his reflection a salute, just to make sure he can still do it right.
“Dada?”
John steps back to watch, glorying in seeing the sleekly muscled skin emerge from the mundane pyjama bottoms and old grey T-shirt. He has two particular favourite parts to this process, firstly the reveal of Sherlock’s broad, smooth shoulders and then the sight of Sherlock’s rounded, soft arse. He growls in appreciation as both are unveiled for him.
John conducts a small experiment of his own. Sherlock makes some dangerous plans
“Forty percent of Britons think you can’t foster over the age of 55. In fact, we have successful foster carers well into their 70’s. As long as you’re healthy and fit, age isn’t a barrier. Anyway, never mind, it was just an idea. Have you finished them? I have to head over to the court in fifteen minutes and I need a coffee first.”
“What the fuck took you so long to get a packet of paracetamol and some tissues?” asked a bunged-up John from under the duvet, sneezing as he pulled himself up to lean on the headboard.
For a moment the two men regarded each other, eye to eye, each looking deep into the grey-green maelstrom.
She shrieks in pretend terror as Sherlock chases her around the picnic table, bent low at the knees, coat flowing behind him as he waggles his fingers. He catches her, giving her belly the gentlest of tickles before scooping her up and throwing her in the air. They are both breathless and laughing when John appears, balancing two coffees and a carton of apple juice.
After what they had just heard, John was no longer sure if that was good thing. If they were all going to burn alive then Sherlock was better off unconscious.
“Sherlock, fuck off!” yelled the older brother, yanking his hand from the top of Annie’s T-shirt and trying to grab him. Sherlock recovered from his momentary shock and took off again at whirlwind speed back up the path, past the orchard, careening into the summer house.
“Sherlock, love” he entreated the still scowling detective “Can we make up? Please? I need to, well, make it up to you.”
John was dumbstruck. Jesus, was that all Sherlock had ever known? No wonder he had given up on sex.
It had been so long and still John was drawn to him, irresistible. John had only had to glance once as he walked in the door to find him, like he was the only person in the room.
You arse, you arse, you arse. John pelted down Baker Street, away from the flat and towards Crawford Street. He turned left and weaving between the other pedestrians, headed for one of his favourite spots, Paddington Street Gardens. Until 1885, it had been used as a churchyard and remained consecrated ground. John had always found it still had a very calming atmosphere and loved to stroll amongst the formal gardens and sit and watch the kids play in the playground.
“Two. Both the same, both deeply unsatisfying and both ending very badly. There may have even been a restraining order involved. You are my friend John, I do not wish for us to do that to each other”.
He was going to need help, a Consultant, as it were. Definitely, absolutely not Mycroft. What did he know of such things? No, sentiment and feelings were not Mycroft’s purlieu. Plus, Sherlock would never hear the end of it should he admit to such a weakness. Mrs. Hudson? Hmm, possibly. He would come back to that idea. Molly Hooper. Sherlock’s stomach sank. He was not quite sure why but he suspected that consulting Molly on his feelings for John was a bad idea. Lestrade? Good lord, no. Look at the disaster his own feelings for other people had resulted in. Mummy? Sherlock shuddered involuntarily. Dadd….
Moving to the centre of the bed, crossing his legs, John rests a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and gets him to turn so they are face to face. He becomes aware that the rattling in the kitchen has also stopped. He wonders if Mycroft has left. It’s more likely he’s standing on the other side of the door listening.
“I can’t show you that, that is not who I am. Leave me in peace” Sherlock replied and closed his eyes.
"You said you and Sherlock were old friends? I haven't met many of his friends yet. Are you, er close?"
John falls onto his side. He wraps himself around Sherlock, knee over thigh, arm over chest, head in the Sherlock-perfumed crook of his neck. His own orgasm already obtained, they fall into a satisfied and silent haze.
It was the steady breeze that made him first open his eyes, but when he did, Sherlock had no idea if he was alive or dead.
Sherlock threw himself on to the sofa. He badly needed to think through the case, had been convinced that the mallet was the correct weapon but it had not resulted in the expected injury. Despite his best efforts, all he could think of was John. Maybe it was for the best that he had ruined things before they had really started. It was affecting his ability to work.
______________________
John reaches behind and clasps Sherlock’s arse, kneading and pulling him even closer. Sherlock arches his back in delight at the firmness, a silent cry in his throat, as John reaches up to bite and nip at his neck. A word plays on a loop in Sherlock's head; yours, yours, yours.
“Victim is Mark Willis, 37 years old, unmarried but in a relationship, no kids. Works as a Personnel manager for an insurance company. We got the call from his boss this morning, hadn’t been able to get hold of him since Tuesday and not answering his phone, which is apparently very unusual”
“Ok. When did you meet him?”
“That was Michael Lindon. My new suit is ready for collection."
“No, John”
For the prompt 'Love'. Sherlock tries something new.
Sherlock fucked up into his hand and John reached down, pressing his own perineum, hips pumping. Then with a sharp cry Sherlock threw his head back and came hard, semen shooting over his hand and chest. The sight pushed John over the edge and he came, leaning forward and making sure his own come covered Sherlock’s chest, belly and neck.
John takes a deep breath, he’s not too inclined to make big emotional speeches, “I am a different man now, not the man that fell in love with you nine years ago but
“Out?”
John laughed “if I understand you correctly, you are saying that we are but you think it’s too soon to tell anyone?” Sherlock beamed.
They headed out into the rainy night together, chatting amiably as they strode along Baker Street, John leaned over and gave Sherlock a quick peck as they went their separate ways.
With impressive effort, John rolls them over so they are lying on their sides, chest to back and reaches down to pull the sheets up to cover their legs. Sherlock reaches a hand back and pulls John’s arse forward so he can feel John’s hard cock press up into the cleft of his buttocks. John kisses and licks the back of Sherlock’s neck, strokes his chest, fingers trailing over the lean musculature of his abdomen. Eyes closed, he inhales the sharp smell of Sherlock's skin over laid with the very faint reminder of aftershave.
“Not that unusual, John. People have relationships with single parents all the time.”
“Thas’ good.” John was still catching his breath.
Sherlock Holmes, sat outside a small café in Belgrade, Serbia
Yes, time has been very kind. The exact same unruly curls, now silvery grey but no sign of thinning and worn just as long as always. His frame was a little gaunt, obvious to John despite the immaculately tailored suit. A woman leaned in now to talk to him and as she did Sherlock turned his head to nod, smile up at her and answer her question and John was astonished at the side view of the once so familiar face. The jaw line and astonishing cheekbones were still there and the gentle golden lighting of the function room’s chandeliers erased the lines that surely must be there. You look like a movie, John thought to himself, still beautiful.
Now here he was standing beside his desk, with John at his side looking at him expectantly. John had been cleaning and insisted they clear out all the old papers, abandoned chargers and mouldy half-eaten scones from underneath the sofa. Grumbling, Sherlock had reached in his hand and felt something rectangular that made the back of his brain itch. Pulling it out, he stared at the matchbox. He shook his head at himself as he stood up. This is silly, he thought, it’s only a matchbox. To prove it to himself he opened it.
Eoin Fitzgerald had never heard of Sherlock Holmes, let alone Dr. Watson and he was somewhat unclear on why either man would be interested in a ninety year old mystery which was, in turn, related to a one thousand year old puzzle.
“Yes.”
They had formulated a plan for just this eventuality. John and Sherlock had sat up one night with the baby wrapped in a blanket on the bed between them and discussed all the possible attacks Mary might make until the dawn broke and they finally slept. It had all come down to one simple fact. Whatever happened, John would protect Charlotte.
He was glad that Sherlock had not wanted to announce this new development in their relationship from the rooftops to all and sundry; he wanted a chance to get used to it himself. Of course most of their friends would be very nonplussed by any grand announcement, they mostly believed himself and Sherlock to have been together for a while anyway. Frowning, John thought of Molly. She might need a gentler approach though. What would be kinder, he wondered, if he told her himself or would it be better coming from Sherlock? He left that one for later.
Ending the call, Sherlock moved to Mrs Hudson. Carefully laying Charlotte down on the kitchen rug, he quickly loosened his landlady’s bonds and removed the gag. Going down on his haunches, he looked her straight in the eye.
“Not today.” Sherlock bends down, scooping up the irritated toddler. She wriggles and starts to screech.
Mycroft met them at the door, handsome in a dark grey morning suit, with a pale yellow rose in his lapel. He shook them both by the hand, still maintaining his usual serious demeanour:
They had arrived outside a deserted taxi cab office, only a few minutes’ drive from Baker Street. It was an old haunt of Sherlock’s and well known amongst his homeless network. It had the advantage of a large unused car park outside and being small enough to easily contain. They had made sure there was still an electricity supply and as John forced open the old door, he switched on the lights.
“What about fruit? I’m going to make a fruit salad for pudding and we should have a fruit bowl on the err..” He glanced at the kitchen table, currently covered in test tubes, a Bunsen burner connected to the gas supply at the back of the cooker by a very dubious looking rubber tube and a selection of chemicals. In the middle sat one of John’s date shoes.
In truth this is totally new.
“I. Well. It’s just” he stuttered not finding the words
“John, I require your shoe”.
The relief was enormous. It had taken a huge amount of self-control for John not to lunge at Sherlock since he had first stepped out of the shower this morning. He would have liked nothing better than to spend the whole day in bed with the man, but was determined not to pressure him. He had made Sherlock a promise the night before that their sexual relationship would progress only at a pace he was comfortable with. They both had their own past experiences and at some point soon, John would like to find out a bit more about those from Sherlock, but for the time being he was simply delighted that his attempts to get into Sherlock's mind had obviously worked. He had noticed how well Sherlock had responded to the way he had talked to him.
“Well. I think you may have got the wrong end of the stick, so to speak. I wasn’t being sarcastic when I said I love your penis. Far from it, when have I ever given you the impression that it is anything but perfect?”
“Yeah and you know what he’s like. If I had stayed he would have known all this just by the way I blinked and rubbed my nose or something. I’m not proud of what happened that night but it was just a way of letting off steam really.”
"Heart breaking?"
Yes. That was exactly what he would do. Relieved, he started his working day.
The frustrations of his morning’s fruitless search for evidence coalesced with John’s efforts to be more helpful. Just as Sherlock brought the mallet down a third time with much greater force John raised the melon slightly and Sherlock’s aim was fractionally off. As John howled in pain, fragments of red watermelon and hundreds of seeds exploded everywhere, covering the entire kitchen but most especially John Watson’s face as he clutched his hand and Sherlock learned some of the British Army’s more inventive swear words.
Sherlock too had changed. He had spent twenty two years unsuccessfully trying to forget this man, accepting his mistake and learning to live with his decisions. This was his last chance and he knew it.
He had broken down John’s behaviour in general into the classic divisions of Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, measuring the extent to which his needs were being met. From this, Sherlock concluded that John needed him in order to feel a sense of belonging and usefulness, which in part explained the caretaking element of their relationship.
“Why are you telling me this now?”
“The registrar has arrived, can you please all make your way into the library and take your seats. No, Mummy, we have been through this, Sherlock does
There was small gasp in her head set, then a brief pause before the determined tones of Violet Holmes came through once more.
“The highest in the land. It’s part of her personal collection; she used to drive one with the WRAF during the War. I have to get it back by five p.m.”
“That doesn’t have to be the way it goes. I have had my fair share of relationships go sour but I’ve had some brilliant ones too. Look at Sarah, we’re still friends aren’t we? No restraining orders there.” he tried to lighten the mood “Also, for the record, I won’t need flowers. You asked if I want a relationship with you. What I want, now I think about it, it is for us to carry on exactly the way we are, but with me allowed to touch you and you touch me, if that is what you want. I mean, we already take care of each other, we go out to eat, have fun, we work brilliantly well together and that’s exactly what I want to carry on doing with you”.
John couldn’t say that having a bomb strapped to him was his preferred way of spending the day, but it was far from the first time he had stared death in the face. In only the last year, he had been shot, hit by a cab, and attacked by knife. So far, the bomb was the least painful of the lot. And he intended it to stay that way.
“John?”  It was all he could manage to get out, but it was enough.  Mycroft understood.
John held out his hand, accepting the folded parchment from Colin.  Turning it over and over without opening it, he bid Colin farewell and God speed, closing the door after him as he left.
“No, I don’t mean right now...well, yes, right now, too, but I mean in general.  Skimming through the book the main themes I see are to be healthy, be ‘in the moment’, and do lots of nice, romantic things for each other.  It doesn’t promise our love life will be filled with fireworks like it used to be, but we can have a very satisfying one if we’re patient.”
Dear Fucking Christ.  Gay or not, it didn’t matter. He wanted, he
every
telling Dr. Watson he loves him. And judging by Dr. Watson’s softened demeanor, the fingers he weaves through Sherlock’s, that he, too, understands. Replying with a language each of us understands, an urgent yet gentle kiss. A nuzzled cheek.
Sherlock shivered violently, snugging his blankets tighter about him, but they didn’t stave off the soul-chilling cold; damp from his fevered sweat, his bedding managed only to make him shake all that much harder. Gathering a tissue from the offensive pile of sullied ones beside him on the bed, he swiped the snot dripping freely from his nose and, wadding the tissue, feebly nudged it back to where it came from. And with a strength he didn’t know it had, his body curled, pumping off a round of sneezes that left him limp with exhaustion.
“You don’t really think an innocent man should have to stay in prison, do you?  Come now, John.  How did you think this was going to work?  Did you really think I would let you sit in prison knowing I am responsible? Tripped and
Dread filled her abdomen. In the brief time they’d been in America, Oleg’s drinking had escalated. She hadn’t seen him sober, when she saw him at all, since he spent most of his waking hours at an establishment around the corner, falling onto the sofa when he got to the flat. She had hoped that the change would give him a reason to cut back, if not stop. Instead, the move had had the opposite effect. She would have to tell him she was leaving for a few days, and she wondered which Oleg would respond. Loud, belligerent Oleg who knew to hit her where it didn’t show? (Not the hands. Never the hands. They were their ticket to a better life.) Or would it be the quiet, sullen Oleg who could sit for hours watching a wall, his only sign of life lifting a glass to his mouth or ordering another?
For two weeks he read the email at least once a day.  Each day the urge, the need, to respond grew stronger, until one day he knew he could not
He is far too enthusiastic, but it has taken his mind off of a misplaced hand and an inconsequential nightmare.  I shall let him win this one.
did John shoot him?”  The anguish she felt made her voice shake.  “Magnussen was no longer any threat to me.  To us.”
Sherlock’s preoccupation did not last long, for when he and John arrived back at the inn a heavy pall hung over the room. Aldus sat at the edge of the bed next to Eduard’s body, rocking himself. His cloak off, he dragged an arm across his nose, wiping it. No longer did tears wet his face, but they welled up in his eyes, threatening to fall. Cedric, his back to the room, poked a stick into the hearth, sparks popping out as the wood shifted. It seemed more a need to occupy himself than any real need to stoke the fire, for twas already fully ablaze.
“I, Sherlock Holmes, do take you John Hamish Watson, to be my husband; to protect and treasure from this day forth.”
“Do you have someone at home?”
On the cab ride to meet Lestrade, all Sherlock could think about was John, the things he had said and not said and the way he had left. It was only as they were pulling into the leafy street where Eloise Armitage lived that he realised he had not given the case a single thought. This, he told himself, is why you cannot have a relationship, it ruins your ability to work. No, he was decided. As much as he would like to explore and give himself over to John, it was a disaster waiting to happen. It would ruin their friendship and that would destroy him and his work would suffer. He would have to suppress these feelings again and John would get over it in time, he wasn’t the first person to have a crush on Sherlock. After all, Molly had managed it. And Lestrade.
Cleaning up and recovered enough to walk, they fall into bed. Sherlock snuggles up beside John, his own arm bent under his head and considers the moment. He, Sherlock Holmes, is engaged to be married. Of all the things he had ever put his mind to, this has to be one of the most improbable. He sneaks a look at John, eyes closed, hand resting gently on his own chest. The fact that they are even here in the room together, let alone in a relationship, let alone engaged to be married is extraordinary. Sherlock begins to laugh.
“Yes, Ma’am, I believe we are. Anthea, would you be so kind?”
John was relieved to know Sherlock was okay and surprised that his partner had been aware enough to know he would be worried. He texted back:
“Mycroft, Yes. You knew? Excellent. How long? Yes, she is. No, with me. I agree. Well, I had thought to… yes that was the plan but there has been a… change. Oh for God’s sake Mycroft!”
just a small trigger warning for knives and blood.
John left the stage to more thunderous applause. At the request of a bank of photographers he stood and posed, smiling and holding up the key. Slowly, every one turned back to their tables, drinking and laughing. Needing a moment to himself, John whispered to Eva and headed to the bathrooms.
“Right. Thanks. Anyway, see you later.”
Lestrade was not content with this, he needed details:
For the prompt 'Gifts'
,” he responded to Sherlock’s arched eyebrows and pout, “Well a couple like
“Sherlock I’m..” began John, but was shushed with a kiss. He didn’t try again.
Oblivious to John’s arrival in the room, Sherlock was throwing himself into his playing, head moving with the flow of the bow, eyes closed and whole body tensed and rocking with the music. John stood for a moment and watched the beauty of him, the angles and energy projecting from Sherlock, the peace on his face and agile, electric movements of his fingers on the strings. It was hypnotic and John only stopped staring when Sherlock suddenly put down the bow and opened his eyes.
“This roof is the safest place for us. We’ll sit up, have coffee.”
”. For a moment he gazed into her blue eyes, red from crying and wondered if maybe he should stay here with her and let Lestrade go to John. Maybe she needed him more. It as a fracturing thought and he felt his mind twist at the idea that there might be something in the universe more important than going to John. He knew instantly that John would want him to protect Charlotte at all costs, above all things, even himself. Sherlock gazed into those eyes and tried to reach a decision, his mind flooded with conflicting thoughts and images all bombarding him at the speed of light.
* * *
“Let’s go to bed.”
Sherlock was desperately trying to move upwards, towards the surface, to breath. The more he tried, the thicker the nothingness around him became, morphing from air, to water to treacle. It was exhausting. He was panting, recovering from his last effort when the rumbling noise came again, louder this time, closer. Sherlock listened intently trying to work out what the sound was. He surged up again, determined, and followed the sound.
“I received a text communication from Sherlock Holmes at 10.14 am. It just read ‘Mol’”
Sherlock shook his head slightly, “Well, you would know all about that.”
Sherlock sat and thought for a long moment. He had some misgivings and wondered if they were the kind of people anyone would entrust the care of a child to. He looked at John. He would do anything to make that man happy. Never let it be said Sherlock Holmes was one to run away from a challenge. Also, it would provide him with the opportunity to observe the behaviour of children in a very close way. Maybe he could run a few experiments. Ah no, not experiments.
He woke with a start, sitting bolt upright in bed, the hair on the back of his neck standing on end and heart pounding. He strained to hear something, anything in the silence.
You really are too good to me.”
Heading to the laundry basket in the kitchen corner, John tipped its contents over the floor, hunting for something he didn't mind parting with. He had settled on an old green t-shirt when Angus jumped from Sherlock's lap and began sniffing and pulling at things until he grabbed a particular bit of fabric and ran away with it.
Over dinner, Sherlock decided to broach the subject of another experiment he wished to conduct.
Sherlock stretched and shifted his weight. He was relaxed, sleepy and this had been a significant achievement for him, maintaining such a level of emotional discourse after such a magnificent orgasm. He patted John’s strong thigh and muttered “Just remember, I am not a china doll, John. You cannot break me” and fell asleep.
After a rapid consultation, Sherlock fled with his purchases and ran home, ran up the stairs of 221b and into his bedroom, where his John lay, eyes closed. Sherlock let out a small cry of panic.
“HIV?”
A second and third finger opens Sherlock up for John but he takes great care to avoid Sherlock’s prostate. With his other hand, he swipes lube onto his own aching cock. Without any hesitation, he thrusts all the way into Sherlock in one smooth movement, fingertips gripping Sherlock’s hips tightly and pulling him back onto John.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh God, Mary I don’t know what to think. We, we need to talk. Sit down, it’s cold in here, I’m going to get Charlotte another blanket.
“She is fine but when I first arrived and saw you and Mary, I realised that Charlotte was in danger. I knew that for Mary to have a gun here, she must have help and that she would send someone for the baby. I’m sorry, John. I left you to go to her”.
I know this last chapter was a bit different but hope you liked it. Thank you all so much for all your kind words and encouragement. I hope you have had as much fun reading it as I did writing it. Special thanks to DarkLuna and Madam_Fandom. I'm off now to try and write something with absolutely no sex in it, whatsoever.
“Yes. I intend to find out exactly what I need to do to you with my mouth to make you forget how to speak, because I am done with this conversation. Shall we proceed?”
Behind him, Patrick Moriarty closed his front door.
John looked at his phone and re-read the text from Laura once more
He was derailed by John reaching back and pushing off his red pants and dropping them to the floor. Sparks of pleasure and lust coursed through him as John brought their bare cocks together in his hand, just holding, not moving.
“Still no change. They are talking about maybe moving him to a different part of the hospital, a less high support unit”.
Two hours later John was making his way up the 17 stairs to the flat. He, Greg and Mike had had a great night ending with a chorus of “You know I love you, right?”, although Greg’s attempts had been interrupted by an attack of the hiccups. John was at one with the world and very keen to share his bonhomie with his beautiful boy.
John has to launch into a trot to catch up to Sherlock who is striding down the corridor.
“Yes, you can touch”
“I really would like to hear all about it, but I have to dash. You can fill me in this evening, yeah?” With that, John grabbed his jacket and headed to work.
His third had been a bit of a struggle,
Sherlock cut off the end of that sentence, determined to allow his actions to speak for him. He kissed John speechless and wrapped his own hand around John’s. With his other arm wrapped around John’s back, he began to move his hand until they both lost all control, hands flying faster and faster until Sherlock came with a shout, shortly followed by John, keening into Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I need to check in with the surgery, too. I’m sure they wonder if I’ve disappeared.”
"But they threaten you. Why?"
As I slid into the church bench and opened the prayer book, I felt empowered for the first time that day, ready for what was coming. Full of fervor, I entered into the chorale of the brethren and at last felt that strong feeling of security and confidence that I had been seeking for so long.
Two years of a half-life. Then a new nurse started working at the clinic. Mary was witty, bright, pretty and from her first day she’d pursued John with a singular focus. While he admired her, at first he wasn’t interested – wasn’t alive enough to want to date anyone. Eventually she’d worn down his resistance.
"And then Brother William took you under his wing."
"John, why is it so hard for you to trust others?"
Frank held up a beefy mit. “Whoa, kid. Sit down.” He paused while Sherlock sank into the vinyl chair. “Why don’t you want to go home?”
“I’ve got to try. John
“Too late.”
I swallowed at his impressive appearance.
It didn’t help.
His gaze flashed in all directions as if he was worried that someone could listen to our conversation. Two friars were walking along the cloister, apparently in a discussion, as the gestures of one of the men were telling. He looked after them until they disappeared around the corner, but then just shook his head again, quite uneasily, as if this gesture were too much communication. I sighed. Why did he suddenly act like that? What might the Prior have said to him that he was now shy, almost frightened? I began to worry. So far I had experienced him friendly, quick-witted, and even angry - but anxious? Was it the concern for Brother Jonah, whom he still protected? I could not imagine it was solitude - he lived in a rather retired mood, so this shouldn’t upset him that much. I just could not explain it and it seemed inconvenient to talk about the subject that really mattered to me. But there was something else I wanted to talk about.
“Friday, 9 a.m.”
They signed the certificate then Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson signed as witnesses - and they were officially married. Sherlock had assumed there’s be no kiss but John pulled him down for a brief meeting of lips then clasped him into a long, tight hug. Mrs. Hudson tittered ‘oh you boys" and dabbed her eyes and Mycroft gave them a genuine smile along with handshakes.
I told myself. I tried to suppress the thought of the possibility that his condition might not improve. This was anything but easy, with Sherlock’s fear too clearly written on his face.
John blinked blearily, still under the influence of the antihistamine. “John, we’re landing in Atlanta. We have to change planes,” Sherlock coaxed. He noticed their seatmate glaring at them while pretending to adjust his carry-on bag under the seat in front of him.
He sat up, suddenly shaken by a violent coughing fit. Without another thought, I moved closer and put an arm around his shoulders, propping him up and rubbing his back until he could breathe more calmly.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock replied sadly.
"The pressure?"
“I hate your Christmas jumper. Get it off, quick.”
I didn’t want to wake him, but wanted him to know that I was with him. It was not long before he opened his eyes and squinted at the bright sunlight. Then he looked at me with a sincere smile and turned his left forearm slightly so that my hand was now directly in his. His movements were still quite laborious but he managed to close his fingers around mine. Encouraged by this gesture, I did the same and tenderly stroked the back of his hand with my thumb. It was nice just sit together quietly and communicate only through the touch of our hands. Perhaps we would have stayed like that all afternoon, had Sherlock not  suddenly been gripped by a coughing spasm.
"I feel so empty ..." I muttered, regretting it the next moment when I saw Ella wrote something on her pad.
"You have to register in the visitors log."
“***snickers***”
Sherlock ducked his head and made a noncommittal noise in the back of his throat. John continued to pick at the offending substance, pulling at a dark ringlet on the side of Sherlock’s head.
"HE WOKE UP!"
“Yeah.” John let out a little laugh. “Less travel time, too.”
The friar gave a snide snort, but followed his superior, who gave me a disapproving look, out of the room without any further contradictions. I was aware that he’d stirred up trouble by talking with me and that I was not entirely innocent but on the other hand, he had been the one who had repeatedly violated his vow from the very start. No one had forced him to take the vow; couldn't one expect an adult man to consider the consequences of a widespread decision like this? I was ashamed of this thought, but inwardly it filled me with satisfaction that at last someone would bring him to terms. He had been so gentle and kind to me before, and so arrogant and repulsive in the past few hours, but that didn’t change my attitude toward him. And yes, it annoyed me that he treated me as if he suspected me of a crime even though, through his abilities, he had long been aware of the fact that the relationship between Brother Jonah and myself was just friendly.
"Yes, he is ..." I murmured reverently, staring at the curly head with my mouth open. He had closed his eyes and let the bow glide over the strings of the violin with a gentleness as if he caressed a loved one. Maybe that was indeed the case, perhaps to him the music was some kind of substitute for the relationship he could never have. In my opinion, the music ended much too quickly, but the audience showed their appreciation with loud applause. The dark-haired monk nodded in thanks and then retired to the newspapers.
"Looks like parsley. You know that, do you? "
"You could go into a witness protection program."
John swiped at the mess on the edge of the mattress then dropped the pants to the floor. He walked around the bed and got in beside Sherlock, who scooted close and threw his arm across John’s chest. He tucked his fingers under John’s ribs and rested his cheekbone against John’s shoulder.
"It's not my place to ask for something Brother Jonah’s been denied before. I'm sorry, Dr. Watson, but that's the rules. "
Mycroft walked around to the far side of the back car. John opened the door nearest the curb and was surprised to find Sherlock seated in the middle of the rear seat. Smiling, John slid in beside him and pulled the door shut. After Mycroft was ensconced on the far seat, the driver pulled into the sparse midmorning suburban traffic.
"Dr. Watson, I do not want to tempt you to violate your secrecy, but ... If there is something I - something we can all do to help him, then I would be very grateful if you would tell me. "
"Thank you."
"Well, then we both have to be careful to live up to our confidences, eh?" I joked, but at the same moment I sensed that the smile did not reach my eyes.
I almost feared that this message would finally kill Jonah - but the opposite was the case. Completely calm, he lowered himself to his seat and put his hands on his thighs; his features did not show the slightest emotion. Around him, a low murmur had begun again - the other monks’ faces were shocked. Hardly any of them had noticed what had happened in the course of the morning and now, of course, uncertainty was high. What had happened to the silent friar? Did he have an accident? Was he suffering from a disease that nobody knew about?
Slowly I let my hands slide over his face, then over his neck and a little way into the collar of his shirt.
"A priest? Why? He's still in a coma, why should ... "
Frank straightened and surveyed Sherlock coldly. “If you tell me how you got in, I might let you walk out of here with your balls.”
"I'm sorry, but I have to go."
"Will be done!"
"Because I would like to take it off you slowly."
I initially experienced the silence at the table as something extremely unusual because it eliminated the possibility of asking the person sitting next to me for the butter or the sliced bread. Very soon I realized, however, that such requests were not necessary - the brothers who were accustomed to not communicating during the meal with words, interacted with looks and gestures. Passing the food was done more carefully than was usually the case outside the walls of the monastery and no one had to worry about being left behind. Still smiling, I sat back and enjoyed the spicy aroma of herbal tea, which was provided in large thermoses on the tables. Life could be so beautiful, once you consciously broke away from the things that otherwise seemed to be self-evident …
I saw his urgency and followed him without asking any more questions. He hurried ahead of me, almost pushing an older brother who he met in the corridor out of the way. Without knocking, he tore open the door to Brother William's cell, slowing so fast that I just ran into him. Confused, I looked over his shoulder - before us sat the dark-haired monk at his desk, looking up from the notebook in which he was writing.
. They were finally home, together, and Sherlock’s insult sealed it. Everything else could wait until morning. They had lost time to make up.
"Looks at least reassuring, right?"
"No, Doctor Watson, that does not sound weird at all. Even though we generally put a lot of emphasis on not letting the points of contact between our Convention and ... well ... the 'outer world', if you will, be excessive, I can understand your intention. Especially you as a doctor certainly have something of a professional interest if you get involved in such a case. "
John was out of his chair and on his knees by Sherlock’s side in a flash. He laid a hand on Sherlock’s hip and spoke softly. “I misunderstood, Sherlock. I’m sorry.” He kissed the back of Sherlock’s neck. “I’d marry you any day. In a heartbeat.” He stood and pulled at Sherlock’s elbow. “In fact, lets do it. Now. Today. Go get dressed, let’s go get married.”
I was well received, soon forming friendships - my superiors praised my work and my ability to keep a cool head even in difficult situations. Everything should have been perfect, but after a few months I was overcome by a strange sadness that I could find no explanation for. I would never have expected that it would get so far that my tangled emotions affected my work. I decided to call Ella, my therapist, who had helped me after the unexpected end of my combat operations. She had diagnosed me with post-traumatic stress disorder and advised me to write a blog in which I entered on everything that happened in my life - but unfortunately at that time it was not much, so I soon gave up the attempt.
John did, moving slowly and carefully to avoid reopening the healing wounds. When he was done,  Sherlock stood and took the loose ball of bandages from John’s hands then retreated to the loo once again.
He smiled timidly.
“You love my Christmas jumper, admit it.”
"So you’d rather risk it?"
at the slightest touch
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock cut John off impatiently. Sherlock leaned sideways, keeping his hip firmly connected with John’s body, and jerked open the drawer of the bedside table. He fished out a bottle and tossed it onto the bed.
“Where’s your hairnet?” the woman snapped.
"Come on," he whispered and reached for my hand as we stood side by side in the dark corridor. He was still limping but that did not stop him from rushing through the corridors with me and up several flights of stairs. He led me up under the roof, where he opened a nondescript wooden door at the end of a hallway. When he turned on the light, I was beyond amazed. In front of me was a large, bright room with floor-to-ceiling windows, light parquet flooring, and natural rafters supporting the wood-clad eaves. On the sides of the room were woolen blankets and cushions in bright shades of red and orange, all aimed at a low table at the front of the room, on which was a flowered icon of Our Lady with the Child Jesus, in front of it two simple white candles, unlist of course. From the ceiling hung a simple, modern-looking chandelier with a dozen milky bulbs that bathed the room in a pleasant light. Amazed, I looked around.
"And now you are afraid to relapse if you take painkillers."
Watson took a healthy bite. “You are most right, Holmes. This is delicious.” He finished off the delicate treat and reached for another. “By chance, did Mrs. Hudson tell you the name of this new recipe?”
What? A plan?
Sherlock left his glass in its place on the table. “Sorry, can’t raise my arm that high. Gunshot wound, broken ribs mending, all of that. You know.”
He glanced up to meet John’s eyes, expression puzzled.
"You told me yesterday afternoon."
"And is this damage ..."
"You have headache?"
When I arrived, the monastery was in nocturnal silence and the gate was unoccupied. I pressed the bell several times in quick succession until I saw that a light flicker in a distant corridor and a dark-clad figure move slowly towards the door. The door opened it a crack. Beaming with joy, I looked into the face of Brother Elijah, who wiped the sleep from his eyes and then blinked at me, surprised.
Holmes stood bolt upright in shock, the confused expression on his face causing Watson’s mirth to increase. Holmes sputtered, “But she … we’re careful … how could …”
Leave a note when?
"That's all right," he'd said when I mentioned Sherlock's absence, "It's more important now that he gets well. I talked to Mycroft last night and he told me that Sherlock has made a few tiny strides, but he's probably facing lengthy rehabilitation because he has to train his voice and needs physical therapy since the poison attacked his nerves. But I'm sure he'll visit again when he feels better."
What?
“Care for a blow job?”
Sherlock responds with, “Breathing is boring,” just as John expected he would, so John continues to observe his partner closely.
"Rather...?"
Now he knew that the source of his excitement had been captured, beaten, rescued and written him a message one-handed from a hospital bed? Now, John burned with shame at the ordinary evening he’d spent while Sherlock poured out his heart with one hand because the other was strapped into a brace.
"Then you should let me bandage the wound properly. Okay?" I asked, pointing to his injured leg. This time he raised no objections.
The urge to touch him had never been so strong, but even though nothing of his appearance now reminded me of him being a friar, I had scruples. As much as I wanted it deep inside, it still cost me some effort to put my hand on his and gently stroke it, careful not to touch either the cannula nor the heart monitor. Studies had clearly demonstrated the importance of providing coma patients with sensory stimuli by addressing them, touching them, playing their favorite music, or reading to them from a book they liked - in short, creating a familiar atmosphere to speed recovery and give the patient's mind the necessary impetus to get back to life.
Sherlock caught the envelope and pulled out a hairnet. He took off the paper hat and pulled the flimsy net over his hair, tucking his curls into it then replacing the hat. “I won’t.”
But all pretense dropped when the children lit the first purple candle in the Advent wreath, and their mother read a passage about the Hope it symbolized.
The novice nodded, dropped his head and sank down, as if the worst was yet to come. Silently, we walked side by side to the part of the building that housed the administration offices, including Prior Lambert's office. Jonah stopped in front of the door and looked at me hesitantly.
Sherlock gave John’s neck a last soothing caress then rose quickly and picked up the box. He turned toward the door without another word.
for Sherlock.” Mary rolled her eyes and smirked when she said the word ‘feelings.’ “You didn’t hide it well at all. But he was
The man shook his head vaguely and began to move, always making sure I stayed within earshot.
"Why?"
Sherlock.
Sherlock’s smile answered. “And the wine?”
"I would like to have a computer tomography performed to rule out cerebral haemorrhage," he said after completing the examination.
He gave a derogatory snort and twisted the corners of his mouth, as if I had told a particularly bad joke.
"Even if he chose this path right after your quarrel, he couldn't yet be a fully ordained monk. As you do, I know that just the novitiate lasts at least a year, and that he would have had to go through the postulate to be admitted as a novice. Don’t look so shocked, Father Andrew was kind enough to explain to me right at the beginning of my stay, how the 'career' of a monk works ... How long have you been novice - half a year? "
I stood in front of a high wooden gate that was set pleasantly harmoniously into a wall of light-colored sandstone - and yet I hesitated to put my finger on the brightly polished brass doorbell and push it in the designated recess. Had I really considered well enough
The prior led me to the room that would be my accommodation for the next few weeks. It was bright and friendly but at the same time, as I’d expected, very spartan with a narrow bed and a small dresser. A wooden crucifix hung above the head of the bed. Otherwise the walls were bare.
John was out like a light; he’d taken Benadryl on the way to the airport to ensure he slept through the nine hour flight. Sherlock glanced side-eyed at the American and noted his My-God-Are-They-Gay expression had evolved to one of full-fledged disgust. Just to wind him up, Sherlock turned his head and planted a kiss on the top of John’s head. He also clasped John’s relaxed hand and laced their fingers together. John reflexively curled his fingers around Sherlock’s, the habit present even in his sleep.
Fisting his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, John tugged to draw Sherlock’s head back enough to allow their eyes to meet. “I’m going to fuck you blind,” he whispered savagely.
Taking her hand, John cleared his throat. “Mary. I think we need to. Um, you know. Live apart from each other. A lot of things have changed for us lately. And we need to evaluate if this is working … for both of us now.” John’s gaze had dropped to the floor as he spoke but he met her eyes at the end, hopeful that she understood.
Since the Convent's decision was made Jonah seemed like a new man - finally, fear and sorrow were gone and his old, fun-loving self shone forth again. Everything seemed to be much easier for him now that it looked as though everything was finally going to turn out well. If Sherlock would fully recovered now then his life would be near perfect, I was sure.
“I haven’t started reading yet. I listened … listened to the conversation. From the rooftop. I listened to it and I have to talk to him.”
"This is our library. Please feel free to retire here in your free time and devote yourself to the study of the written word. "
“I’m going to try it tonight.”
“How do you know? Have you ever actually seen Santa?”
"How else am I supposed to interpret you allowing me to lick honey from your finger?"
This time, when he finished, I went over to him, wrapped my arms around his waist, and laid my head on his shoulder, enjoying the warmth of his body, lost in the peculiar smell of sleep, sandalwood, and fabric softener.
"That's not ..." I swallowed. "Thank you very much."
He heard the shower running as he dropped the bags on the worktop, later than he’d planned to arrive home; he hoped that Sherlock hadn’t already grabbed a bite from the leftovers in the fridge. Hurriedly unpacking the supplies, he popped the salmon into the oven then opened the wine to breathe. The sound of the shower stopped as he rinsed the salad greens. John could picture Sherlock wiping the mirror with his damp towel then leaning over the sink to shave, naked, warmed by the steam still trapped in the bathroom. John realized with a shock that it had been a very, very long time since he had indulged in any daydreams about his handsome husband.
Nothing happened. His hand was limp in mine and his eyes remained closed. But I did not give up.
I looked up, as surprised by her words as if she’d awakened me from a deep sleep.
I hesitated a long time, but when I had decided on a training at the Royal Army Medical Corps, it was clear to me already that this was the path I wanted to take. I wanted to help people who were really reliant on my help. The “Medecines Sans Frontieres” would have been an alternative, but for some reason, I could not have fathomed the feelings the military aspect had provoked in me. I would not just pick up the pieces, by helping the wounded, but I would actively participate in fighting the root of the problem. I would be a doctor - but also a soldier. At no time had I regretted my decision - until I was hit by a projectile in the shoulder and became incapacitated from one second to the next.
Stumbling naked down the hallway, John pulled Sherlock into the bedroom. One there, he pushed Sherlock into a sitting position on the edge of the bed then took Sherlock’s chin in his hand, positioning Sherlock’s mouth just so. Dimly aware of Sherlock’s hand moving to shed his own shirt and unbutton his own trousers, John continued the rough kisses that had started on the stair, holding Sherlock firmly by the chin and hair. He was achingly turned on, filled with the paradox of of his own mortality and the pulse of his own
"You’re avoiding my questions," I said, holding his wrists until he stopped. Carefully, I took his hands in mine, gently stroking the slender fingers and soft skin of the back of his hand as I tried to bring the conversation back to the previous topic.
"Brother William has chosen to live in silence voluntarily and even though he is very young I know few people whose spirituality is as deep as his. His potential is enormous. "
"Well ..." he replied hesitantly, "We have already been told why Francis will not be back, but what exactly he did, I only know because you told me. And why he did it ... "
"You were the only one who, except Brother Francis, was still in this room before it happened."
"I am well aware that pride is a mortal sin, but you have to admit that I drew you quite well," he added with a wink, "maybe I'll give it to Brother William when I'm done with it."
Another hit. The men here seemed one and all to be extraordinary perceptive. And so I told my story, openly and honestly, as Brother Jonah had been to me. When I finished, he shook his head gently.
"Jonah, can you hold onto the shelf with your right hand? It's all right, I just have to bend over and I don’t want you to fall. Can you do it?"
“God I hate shopping. As if it weren’t unbearable enough, this song makes it worse.”
To John, every shared breakfast is a celebration of all those dates. Every time they brush their teeth side-by-side at the bathroom sink. Every time Sherlock shyly takes his hand in the backseat of a cab and hides their handclasp under a fold of his coat. (They’re both still reticent about public displays of affection.)
“You’re too self absorbed to even notice how I act,” Sherlock replied.
So soon after my arrival, I felt wonderfully taken care of and everyone sincerely seemed to be trying to make my stay as pleasant as possible. I quickly made new friends, which had always been easy for me in an unfamiliar environment but seemed downright essential in a place like this - after all, I could not ask the Prior for advice every time I had a question! I would have liked to chat a little longer with the other men, but soon the bell tolled for night prayer and we went back to church.
) husband.
Sherlock pouted, sticking his lower lip out in a way he knew people found attractive. “I’m thirsty.” He dropped the stirrer into his drink and took a sip.
He raised his hand when I was about to answer.
The answer to my unspoken question came in the form of Mycroft Holmes, who eventually appeared behind Sherlock and announced that it was time to leave.
John decided to read the rest of the messages later, at Baker Street. He’d even like to read them with Sherlock, so the detective could fill in details. Perhaps he could even get Sherlock to tell him what he was feeling and thinking while writing each message. John realized it was easier for Sherlock to tell his feelings in writing than face-to-face, just as it was for John. But if they were to have a healthy relationship - with no walls between them - they’d have to start talking about things, no matter how painful.
The bells rang again so I hastily extinguished the light, pushed the curtains open, and left the corridor as quickly as possible, so no one would catch me. Even though the situation seemed hopeless, I was not ready to give up. There was another place I could continue my search - but that would have to wait until after vespers, when the brothers retired for dinner and I could be sure no one was around.
He shook his head.
Sherlock still didn’t know that John had been struck by a random biker in front of St. Barts Hospital. He didn’t know that John had had a concussion, and he didn’t know that concussion had resulted in John forgetting most of the rooftop conversation.
"But I didn’t mean that, I just thought that maybe Jonah told the Father where he wanted to go ..."
Ok, ok. So yyou have a plan and I’m going to pretend you’re dead for a few months. Right. Please, Sherlock, be careful.
"If I am already suspected of doing anything, I should like to know what you accuse me of."
"And how do we proceed now?" I asked carefully. One “we” did not exist between me and the Father, after all, I was only a guest here and did not have the right to interfere in the matter of the convention. My interlocutor, however, seemed quite taken by my concern for the young monk.
and nothing could separate them now.
"What?"
An inconspicuous young woman in a nurse's uniform stepped into the room and pushed the glass aside; the little plastic tag on the lapels of her uniform dismissed her as Nurse Tessa.
I keep intending to write a chapter of short vignettes to wrap up the story but they keep evolving into entire chapters. Sorry for the long wait, but you'll notice that I increased the chapter count by (another) additional chapter. I do have the last chapter written. I just need to wrap up a few things before we get to that final chapter. Thank you to anyone who is still sticking with this fic!
friends that sting like sleet.
"I'm terribly sorry ..." he muttered, half-swallowed the words.
He picked up a file folder from the table beside his chair; he’d prepared it when he couldn’t sleep the night before. In it was a flash drive with the recorded telephone conversation from Bart’s roof. Also included was a transcript of it. And he’d typed a page with all the information for the secure website that John didn’t remember:  the URL, John’s username and password. He’d been tempted to print out all the messages it contained and include them in the file, but he couldn’t bear the thought of their contents. Best to let John decide when and how he’d read them –
They both laughed while John retrieved bandages, antibiotic cream, medical tape and nitrile gloves from the large stach on the counter top. He lifted the towel away from Sherlock’s shoulders and was relieved to find it free of blood stains.  John snapped on gloves and went to work, gently spreading cream over the wounds with a square of gauze. “Looks good. You’ll have scarring but all of these wounds are healing nicely.” Affecting his doctor-mode helped John distance himself from the fact that he was cleaning wounds Sherlock had suffered while being tortured in an Eastern European dungeon. If he let himself think about it, John would fall apart. Instead he kept his mind on the task of cutting strips of bandage and taping them in place. Sherlock stayed silent. An occasional flinch was his only response to John’s ministrations.
"Then I will inform him as soon as possible and take this into consideration when assigning tasks."
Detective Inspector Lestrade followed the officers at a slower pace. “Well, what have we here? A little domestic, is it, John?”
A gentle nod, paired with a questioning look.
The sun was starting to set when he cut down an alley behind a nightclub, figuring a quick blowjob in the club’s men’s room would get him drugs enough to see him through the night.  He glanced to either side then jimmied the lock on the back door. It gave under his skillful tampering and he slipped inside to find himself in a dishroom. Through a propped-open swinging door, he saw a kitchen full of scuttling workers. A coat rack beside the door held aprons - he dropped his bag under it and slipped one on. The shelf above a countertop full of dirty dishes held a stack of paper hats; he donned one of those, too. When he heard footsteps approaching, he leaned over the closest sink and turned both taps on full blast. He slouched, pretending to be engrossed in wiping the plates stacked in the sink.
"What about him? Is it because he was a little ... repellent before? You seemed to be quite relaxed as I came back into the kitchen, or have I been wrong there?"
. He wanted to, very much.
He yawned, stretched his arms over his head and settled in. The hammock swayed gently. Bees buzzed among the newly-blooming nasturtiums. The mulch he’d spread on the flower beds earlier in the day gave the air a sweet tang. Really, he could fall asleep if he wasn’t intent on remembering.
- not anyone else. Finally. After so many years of long glances, innuendo, almost-taken chances, missed opportunities. John wanted him.
“No, in the rush and confusion of your jump, he failed to check in at A&E. Could he have had a concussion and not known it?”
It turns out that the chapter is much longer than I'd planned so I'm splitting it into two chapters. In this new arrangement, this chapter turns out to be mostly smut. I hope that makes up for the long wait.
"That's normal," Brother Jonah said eventually, "brothers and sisters argue, that's all that." He cast a knowing glance to Brother William that twisted his lips into a knowing grin. He seemed to laugh to himself. I was almost a little jealous that the two seemed to share a secret that I was not allowed to participate in.
I could not help but laugh. "I had thought of one of the other vows ... But maybe you keep your vow of chastity similar to silence?"
With a relieved sigh I dropped the cord to the floor and straightened up again.
I must have looked terribly appalled, for Sherlock raised his hands in a placating gesture. He continued to sign, "The nerves in my arms and legs are not responding as they should. My arms are only sometimes a bit stiff, but my legs... "
"You could just have taken a flashlight," I growled sleepily and sat up.
After all these confessions it was hard for me to go to sleep. I tossed restlessly, nodded off briefly, then woke up, looked at my watch and tossed and turned again. When the bells rang the next morning, I felt completely knocked out. I yawned, burying my nose in the pillow and just wanted to get a few more minutes of sleep, but it didn’t help - duty called, even if my job was different than usual.
But he only brought his other index finger to his lips to tell me to keep silent. He still held my hand, stroking it with careful movements and then slowly stroked  up my arm, tugged at my shirt sleeve and motioned me to bend down to him. Not knowing what he was up to, I gave in to his urging and leaned over him until he grabbed my chin, straightened himself with great effort, and put his lips to mine.
"And then Brother William was destined to be your mentor?"
"But it was to you?" I asked myself whether I had just crossed a line.
So he does. Sherlock stops trying to suppress his expressions of happiness. He notices that the more he lets go and shows his joy, the younger John looks. The deep lines that grief, sorrow and stress had carved in John’s face start to relax. Shadows that seemed a permanent fixture in the dark depths of John’s eyes ease. And John smiles more, too
He was happy. If happy wasn’t the right word, then he was content. The quiet suited him. He slept as late as he could and stayed up all night. He ate when he felt like it and bathed often. The lack of routine was a routine itself.
"I think I'll get sick if I lie down," the curly-haired monk mumbled, nervously rubbing his sweaty hair. Again his hand was covered in blood as he pulled it back. An expression of concern appeared on his face and grew steadily more serious.
"John, I know that all this must be hard for you to understand. But in this case we had no choice but to arrest Brother Jonah. The two police officers, after all that has happened in the past few days in our Convent, were extremely eager to finally produce results. It is only thanks to the intervention of the Prior that Brother Jonah was not taken to jail and therefore we must do everything we can to ensure that the police do not rethink their decision. Although we are not in a bad financial position, it will be difficult to raise bail if Brother Jonah were in jail - and I certainly do not need to explain why we are keen to prevent a young monk from being remanded to custody. "
John filled the kettle, took down the tea and cups and laid a tray. All the time, he felt Sherlock quivering at his side. Mycroft was carefully examining his polished brogues. John filled the teapot and brought the tray to his side table and was just about to take his considerable courage in his hands and ask what was actually going on, when Mycroft pre-empted him:
I thought this story was finished, but John kept tapping me on the shoulder and steadily getting more insistent, so here we are.
The motorbike paramedic arrived first. Giving a rapid update, John demanded the defibrillator. The first shock brought Greg’s heart back into rhythm and John was relieved to get a pulse again although Greg still did not regain consciousness. Oxygen was given and he had stabilised enough to be brought to hospital in the ambulance that had just arrived. John insisted he go with Greg in the ambulance.
“Mrs. Hudson” Sherlock barked “Charlotte’s formula is on the kitchen counter and the sterilised bottles are in the microwave marked ‘Charlotte's, and only Charlotte's’. Please feed her, she sounds hungry.
It was Eloise that answered him as a police woman sliced through her bindings.
“Dance with me, love?”
Sherlock wriggled under the bedclothes, removing his pyjama bottoms, sat up and pulled his t shirt off over his head. In the soft lamp light he looked the very same as he had ten years ago. He laid himself flat, arms and legs slightly spread, covers pushed back. His eyes took on a determined gleam.
“Oh Sherlock, I’m close, Oh I want to kiss you, please!” John begged plaintively. Instead, Sherlock suddenly removed his hand and, with a bit more persuasion this time, moved the panting John over onto his back.
"The armed policemen retreated as quickly as they had arrived. John was left with his shaking arm pointing a gun at thin air and the sound of his own voice ringing in his ears. He managed to stop screaming out loud but the sound carried on in his head."
When John finally trudged up the stairs, exhausted and in pain, his thumb confirmed as broken and held in a splint, he found Sherlock huddled in a ball at one of the sofa. He didn’t react when John walked into the room.
After much hugging, handshaking and claps on the back, her Majesty took her leave and an equerry arrived to escort them to a small private dining room to celebrate. Pride of place in the middle of the table was a croquembouche, decorated with spun sugar, sugared almonds and crystallised flowers.
Sherlock groaned. “I can’t do that. Anyway. I told him I wasn’t interested, that I was-”
“Sorry John, you simply don’t have the security clearance for me to answer that but don’t worry, I’m sure Mummy has a plan, she usually does”.
“Sherlock, I need to empty the compost bucket of all these peelings and bring up some rosemary for the stuffing, will you help me please”.
been lovemaking, he thought and was moved to try something new:
“Sherlock, can I talk to you? Sherlock?”
She grinned over the bed at John who was putting together the disparate elements of this stream of consciousness. She had her hand poised over her phone, waiting for a response to give Katy and at the same time was playing with her blonde ponytail, making it swish backwards and forwards as she twisted it.
John climbed on to the bed and wrapped himself around Sherlock, warming their chilled skin. Sherlock seemed to be happy just to be in John’s arms and was stroking and petting his denser, more muscular body, drifting a gentle hand along John’s back, his torso, thighs and forearms.
Why did he think I should follow John, he wondered, after going to the trouble of bringing me here? I can’t solve a case running around after drama queens. Besides, John prefers to be alone when he is upset. It was only then that he considered why John might be upset, Oh! John knows this man, but how? I don’t know him and John and I know all the same people. Unless it is someone from his army days? Sherlock scowled at that idea as there was no indication on either the body or in the flat that this man had been a soldier. He continued his examination.
Sherlock sat and stared at John, processing what he was saying. This was definitely going to change the parameters of his experiment.
“You won’t. I trust you. You always know what I need.” Sherlock rumbled, his head thrown back.
“Yeah, I do, but it’s not like you ever had a choice, is it? It’s not like you planned to have a child? You want me - you get a package deal.” John is also now watching as Rosie slyly drags the bucket a few inches towards her, ignoring the objections of its owner.
“No John. Not apricots. Never apricots.”
John gapes at Eoin, who is looking Sherlock up and down.
In my plan, this had a very different ending. Sherlock was humiliated and upset by John's outburst and they had a huge row. Obviously, John and Sherlock disagreed with my assessment of their reactions and decided to have a laugh instead.
His eyes flicked over and back across the shelf in front of him, cataloguing the number of items available. He began to organise them by price, quantity, packaging colour, manufacturer, country of origin and a Venn diagram appeared in his mind’s eye of the varied benefits of each product in an attempt to make the optimum choice. He tentatively put out a hand, his fingers wiggling slightly as they hovered over the box. He scowled and snapped it back again.
Just over an hour and a half later a desperate, sweating Sherlock burst in the flat door eyes flicking from side to side searching out his dealer. He had badly misjudged it, gone too far away and stayed too long. John had been sat in his chair browsing on his phone but had leapt up alarmed, certain Sherlock was hurt, being chased or even both.
“Oh. That’s, um a good question. I don’t know. Do you want to be?”
That night John dreamed about her. Now four years old, John regularly imagined and dreamed about what his daughter. His subconscious extrapolated the little amount of information it had about her before Mary disappeared from the hospital with her, aged just three days old. A light covering of blonde hair, blue eyes and his forehead. Occasionally, he thought her glimpsed her, off in the distance in a busy shopping centre, or just disappearing around a corner, holding hands with an unknown adult. Dream John would bend down to his daughter and kiss her cheek, stroke her plump, soft hand and tell her it was going to be fine, Daddy was here now.
Mycroft noticed the subtle shift of movement.
“Yes, but there’s something – maybe you could come over and have a look yourself. Are you free?”
Once they got home from the hospital, Mary mentioned it to her visiting Public Health Nurse, who assured her the baby was just hungry and just needed a ‘top up’ to Mary’s own breast feeding.
Sherlock stood watching it, frozen.
John stroked his hand lightly down Sherlock’s forearm, feeling the beginnings of the muscle wastage in its thinness. Reaching up again, he brushed his fingertips slowly through Sherlock’s hair, front to back, pulling gently on a curl and letting it spring back. They were mostly grey now, having stayed black for considerably longer than John had thought reasonable. Even now, there were still a few black hairs here and there.
You can listen to Adele singing here
“Do you think a massage might help?”
“Yes, Sherlock. I noticed. I wasn’t sure if this was what you wanted exactly, but I am really, really over you hurting yourself to get my attention. Will you promise to stop now? Please?”
“John, I think Sherlock may be coming around at last”
Scared to ask, “the other child. How are they doing?”
“Every single thing”.
“No, forensics are still working on it”. Sherlock ended the call. He needed to go to his Mind Palace.
“I know where they are. He’s got them in Tower Bridge. He’s going to blow up Tower Bridge”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock murmured.
As Sherlock opens the front door, John starts to giggle.
?” he demanded, undoing it and lifting a sobbing Charlotte out.
John inwardly rolled his eyes. Of course Sherlock was trying to overhaul his entire image. Maybe he should have a little fun at Sherlock’s expense. “Did he now. We’ll see. Maybe we should just start with the suit and see how we get on.”
“Good morning.” John smiles up at him and covers Sherlock’s hand with his own, pressing down and rolling his hips up in greeting.
No one had seen or heard from any of them since.
* * *
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock. Have you any idea just how fucking sexy you are? No seriously, have you even the slightest understanding?”
John’s eyes flickered his surprise at the pet name but he said nothing, instead smiling like a loon and leaning in for a kiss,
“Mmmm. I do. Love you too.” Sherlock rumbles and John hears it as much from the vibrations through his chest cavity and back as with his ears.
“You’re going to have to go cold turkey tomorrow Sherlock. I have a shift at the clinic”.
“Go on. What type of care is needed?”
*   *    *
“You have been very helpful, thanks. I’m sure we’ll be in touch again soon.”
Sherlock responded immediately, wanting to show John he was still the man John loved, not some damaged, weakened version.
“I don’t know how to go to you” he whimpered and closed his eyes.
“May I be the first to congratulate you on your upcoming happy event? Maybe you should have taken the hint the first time we met, John. It would have saved us all a considerable amount of trouble.”
“Yes”.
Lifting her chin in a very familiar way, Commander Holmes continued:
Greg looked at him for a moment “You know, real life isn’t like one of those programmes on TV where the cops turn up and the suspect tells them they don’t want to talk or have answered enough questions for one day and the cops leave, like that bloody Broadchurch or Lewis. I am the police, and you will answer my questions or I will have to fucking take you down the station!”
He smiled at the framed photo sat behind the glasses. Their wedding photo. He looked into the eyes that had worn those glasses and remembered Sherlock’s vanity when he had finally admitted, almost ten years later than John himself, that he needed glasses to be able to read properly. John had teased Sherlock that he hadn’t wanted anything to spoil the line of his cheekbones.
“If Sherlock has such protection, how come I was able to get so close to him? Why did you let me shoot him?”
John was a bit stumped at that because feelings were supposed to be his department and he had honestly not seen any difference at all from Mycroft’s usual bland expression,
John stomped up the stairs to 221b Baker Street dripping from the sudden downpour and regretting his decision to wear his new shoes to work. He started to complain as soon as he got to the 16
“Yes he is with Mary. We were expecting her to return. Hoping she wouldn’t but had planned for this eventuality. He should be taking her to our agreed location. I need to make some phone calls”.
The peace was shattered by a simultaneous high pitched wail followed immediately by someone yelling his name. Sherlock in danger, John's hindbrain informed his legs. His conscious thoughts were all forming the single word; tea.
“Don’t be daft. I am wary of hurting you or you overdoing it though.”
A second later his eyes snapped open and he ran back to his, no
“It will wait until the morning. Bed”
We're nearly there. Has Sherlock finally worked it out and how did the inadvertant apricot help?
Love and passion. John Watson is brimming over with both.
(See the end of the chapter for
John considered the question for a moment, beamed and announced loudly so he could be heard over the heaving crowd:
*  *  *
“B-Babies!” It comes out in a whimper.
“Mycroft, are you ready? Dominic is here to begin proceedings.” A young man followed her into the room and took up his place in front of the window, book in hand. Mycroft stood in front of him, slightly to the right.
“I know what’s there, Sherlock. I’ve seen your scars before. I let you look at mine, even though it was uncomfortable and made me remember. Let me see you. Let me see all of you”. He held the other arm and turned it so the elbow was facing up.
“Yeah. I have told you twice. Since I came home from work. An hour ago. I have a date.”
On the morning of the 16
Sherlock forgets his shirt and John remembers he's a scientist.
John, thought he had imagined it, lost in his reverie, the images he had created.
John reappeared, standing on the kitchen doorway, just watching him. He thought this would never happen, Sherlock decided, he’s worried about how I am going to cope. These were far from deductions. This had been quietly discussed many times, laid side by side on the hospital bed in the ever present semi-twilight of the hospital room. John had tried to persuade Sherlock that they should move, find a cottage somewhere, or at least a flat with fewer stairs. Sherlock had vehemently disagreed. He was not ready yet to give up this life, move away from London. Mostly, he was determined that whoever had injured him would not win, not destroy Sherlock Holmes. He was equally determined to find out who had done it, or more to the point, who had ordered the attack.
John could do nothing but grin in agreement.
“She invited me to come tonight John. I have been at all the presentations but didn’t want to upset you or detract from your big occasions, but I was there. Eva found me in Manchester, said she knew me instantly from your descriptions. From the pictures”.
“I have a good feeling about this, Sherlock I don’t think you need to worry too much.” As much as he would like to say something, Michael always treated the things clients told him as highly confidential. When someone trusts you enough to measure their balls, you have to guard that trust. He was pretty confident that John was mad about Sherlock, but it was not his place to say so.
“Sorry? What?”
“Knife attack.  A foolish error of judgement and I was cut. It took two days before I was found and infection had set in, which is why the scarring is so bad. My own fault. At least my eye was saved. I have some sight loss but can function”.
Sherlock stared at his mother, tiny fragments from his youth falling into a pattern, an impossible, ridiculous idea forming at the back of his head. His mother stood waiting and half smiled as her son deduced and eliminated in front of her eyes, memories clicking into place. When his eyes met hers again she saw the realisation and new appreciation there.
He headed out for some healing tea and toast. It was only as he waited for the kettle to boil that he spotted Sherlock sat in John’s chair.
“Molly, I insist that you take that away from me! I am on the phone to John.”
____________________________-
_____________________________
“That’s not going to work Mary. I’m not going to fall for that. I know what you’re trying to do, and it won’t work. If you love me so much, why are you pointing a gun at my head?”
“Hands. John. She has been holding hands for me.”
“Sherlock, do you remember what I said to you yesterday? Just before I left, about all the things I want from you? I did mean it, you idiot. Ok, so breaking my thumb was not ideal but it was an accident, I know you didn’t mean to hurt me. The only reason I didn’t want you at the hospital is because I knew what a nightmare it was going to be and let’s be honest, you’re not the best at waiting around are you? Your text arrived while I was being treated. I forgot about it – they have me pumped full of painkillers. I’m sorry, I should have known you were worried. Forgive me?”
“You were four,” Mummy smiles. “Barely big enough to lift the spade but powered entirely by your own determination. That was when I knew for certain you were my boy”.
“It’s a wild boar, Redbeard. Quick, let’s trap it!” They plunged through the hedge, sword aloft, only to discover not a wild boar but Sherlock’s fifteen year old brother Sherrinford – and Annie Baker from the village.
“Does she know?” he murmured.
“What you said the other night in bed...about wanting a child.” He studies his hands in his lap. “How do we...if we are together...and I want to be...but is it not...? I can’t give you that, Sherlock.” The last statement comes out in a large sigh.
“Shhhhhh”
A beep from John’s phone interrupted the peace of 221b. Sherlock observed from beneath his eyelashes as John read the message, smiled, and then promptly blushed. Curious.
“I know. Soon, but not quite yet” his voice was deep and dark, slow and sticky. Forceful. John grabbed Sherlock and kissed him hard, revelling in this extraordinary voice. Sherlock ran his hands up John’s arms and carefully lifted them to above their heads. Holding them firmly in place, Sherlock lay on top of John and using the copious amount of pre-come they were both producing and already covered John’s stomach began to rub and slide their hard dicks together. Now Sherlock had joined John in groaning and with each sound, John bucked his hips hard and pushed into Sherlock’s firm stomach.
John wondered what on earth could have happened to give Sherlock such a deep hatred of an innocent fruit in addition to its Mycroftian resemblance. “I’m sorry Sherlock that was a totally unintentional apricot, I meant to eat them straight away and I forgot all about them. I’ll get rid of-“
Sherlock crouched next to the incubator and studied the tiny child intensely. She began to move her legs, awakening slightly. Sherlock smiled and whispered:
“Go easy boss” Billy hissed “Don’t need no one rushing in there, it’s all a bit hairy”.
“What’s up?”
The nature of a daily prompt challenge means that these works are un-betaed, written and posted quickly. If you spot spelling/typos/tense errors, please feel free to let me know. Thanks.
Sherlock glanced at John and smiled.
“The lisping?”
Things with Laura were going well, John thought. She had laughed at all his stories, even the one about the thumbs in the fridge and the food had been delicious, particularly the dim sum which Sherlock would have loved. He considered ordering a portion to bring home with him. John glanced at his watch, Laura had been in the bathroom a while now, he hoped she was ok. John poured himself another glass of wine and perused the dessert menu.
Sherlock was shocked when he finally identified the noise. Couldn’t understand why he hadn’t always known. It was a voice, a man’s voice and it was talking to him, a voice saying it needed him. Its ok, Sherlock thought, I’m coming, just hold on, wait for me.
Sherlock looked up at John with a jerk, suddenly realising John was talking again. “Do you want a relationship with me John or just sex?”
Sherlock looked intently at John, making sure that the sincerity on John’s face matched the words he heard.  Satisfied that it did, he quirked that most Sherlockian of grins.  The year was just starting and he already knew it would be the best yet.
“I do not know why you be so generous with such an insufferable fool.  An idiot he be.”  Sherlock kicked his heel into his horse’s flank, trotting ahead, but John kept apace.
Ignoring Aldus, Sherlock addressed John.  “I do not intend to have a suit made for me; I will have yours modified to fit me.”
“Sherlock, love?”
A smile crossed the doctor’s face, he really
“All right, then,” Stamford said, the cloud evaporating from his face. “Who do you want to start with?”
Waiting for Mycroft to respond, Andi heard a soft whine echo off the ceramic tile in the loo.
Unexpectedly John turns and looks at me.
Sherlock heard feet patter up the steps as if someone were bounding up them, but he didn’t bother to look up. He was at war with the high lip of the door’s threshold, and he and the wheelchair were going to win; he was certain of it. Just one tug more.
Could Sherlock really be so
When I look down I feel myself grow pale at the sight of the knife sticking out of his sandal, millimeters from his toe.  Perhaps in my enthusiasm my calculations were slightly off.  Perhaps.
Who sent these?
He sat, tapping his leg, willing his meal to cool.  Willing his stomach to settle.
This time, Andi called Mycroft instead of texting; the message was too urgent.
I wait for another text to come through, but this is all I get, two words that tell me next to nothing.
“Happy Christmas, sweetheart.  I love you, too.”
It took everything Sherlock had in him to keep from saying ‘I need you, too.’  He knew that when he went to prison, he would need to know John was out there.  Somewhere.
“Oh.”  I am not sure what there is to talk about, but John seems to have something to say.
John spent a good part of the next hour hunting down a contact who could send him a secure copy of his medical records. It was a tussle getting ahold of them (“I could be sacked for this,” Ian repeated, seemingly unable to hear John’s insistence that a patient had a right to their own records.), increasing the sense of foreboding he’d had from asking his attending physician about his memory, only to have Dr. McGregor suddenly remember he was late for an important appointment…and then not get back to John as promised. The foreboding spiked when he saw in his records that Dr. Nika Rudnikov, a
This stops him.
I drop to the floor the bag I am holding and open my arms.  There is nothing, no one, I need to hold right now more than I need to hold John.
John falls asleep before I do.
Sherlock watched him in the dark.  Stroked his hair, whispering, “I love thee, John; I love thee very much.”  Telling John that he be an idiot if he thought Sherlock did not.  Telling him he would not leave John’s side the rest of his days if that be what John wanted.
Now I know why people want to go to there.
“Say again?”
“Excuse me.” Mycroft interrupted her and lifted his mobile to his ear. Twice, he nodded, as if the person on the other end could see him, and then he said, “I see,” and nodded again slowly.
“Yaaaa!”
to ensure John’s safety?
Neither knew who groaned, perhaps it was both them, the onslaught of sensations causing both minds to blur.
“Did I keep from you the fact that it was published?  Yes.  I wanted it to be a surprise.  I thought you would be pleased, Sherlock, that
“Exactly. Toys to be played with. Toys to be manipulated. Just as Simon did with Spencer and James.”
His brow furrowing, Sherlock said, “But I distinctly recall, John—”
No sooner had John sent the text when he heard Sherlock’s feet pounding up the stairs. Two at a time.
The next text should have been the easiest. It wasn't. He would need to use words that didn’t come easily to him. But looking at John on the monitor, at the face that somehow, inextricably, had become the center of his world, his thumbs moved of their own accord.
“But you aren’t French.”  If this is obvious to me, I don’t know how it escapes Sherlock’s notice.
, all he could think of was John.  “John” he moaned, “John”,
Oh god john oh god john oh god john
I remember now; I am back at the hotel…I am with John.  Where I belong.
“Good question. Maybe it isn’t an actor.” Sherlock crouched down to get a better look at the screen, the heightened resolution letting him see that the doll was skillfully crafted, not a do-it-yourself project like the sock puppet. “What do we know about the last clue? They must be connected. He’s telling a story of some kind. Did the sock puppet look like any actors?”
Simon dashed off his signature, the purple ink flourishing across the paper.
“Yes, I know.”
of all people!).
How would he ever again be able to face John?
“That you
(See the end of the chapter for
The buildings flashed by as they sped through the streets, and he gripped the pistol cradled in his jacket pocket.
“What do you mean, ‘Eduard is dead’? Surely you cannot mean-”
I have more to offer than the jail, or any of your cellmates for that matter.  What a nasty looking lot.”  He shivers for effect, his latter comment echoing my thoughts, though I am inclined to use the descriptors ‘Neanderthals’ and ‘dullards’.
“I see you brought some of Greg’s cases home.  You going to work on those, then?”
“Wait.”
The bag had to be from John; Sherlock knew no one else in the city.  Loosening the string, he peered inside; it be full of coins.  No doubt one or two be “borrowed” by the innkeeper before the girl brought it.
John was flabbergasted that Sherlock couldn’t know what mistletoe was.  It amazed him sometimes the gaps of knowledge Sherlock had for the ordinary things in life.  In so many things he was absolutely brilliant, and in some things, well, he was as ignorant as they come.
“No, what I was
I chew at my lip; my brow furrows.  “John?”
“No buts, my love.  Tis not practical for thee to go by thyself; my experience and eye be vital.  Whether or not thou thinks I will be of use, thou needs me.”
“Sherlock will be hanged.”
“I don’t know.  I just…” his words fell off, uncomfortable with the thought of sharing the increasing importance of Sherlock’s place in his life.
I sit, not knowing what to do, until finally the sweetest sound I have ever heard reaches my ears.  I hear John call out my name.
“Isn’t that a decision we should make together, John?” Sherlock didn’t step forward again, but he leaned forward almost imperceptibly, getting as close as he could without sending John running. “I don’t know what act you’ve committed, and I don’t care. All I know is that if we go in different directions, we can’t fix it. Believe in me as you did before, John. Believe in
I sit back down at the table, and think.
He seems to like playing this game.  At least I think it is a game because now every time I call him an ‘idiot’ he tells me he loves me and I know no one, not even kind, wonderful, John can love me that much.
“And who is your father?”  Sir John did not believe Sherlock’s assertion that he was the son of a Lord.  News of a kidnapping would have traveled the lands with lightning speed, especially were a handsome reward involved.  But he saw Sherlock believed his own words.  Before Sherlock spoke of his absent father, light and anger radiated from his pale blue eyes, after, their intensity dimmed.  No stranger to loss of a loved one, Sir John felt compassion, even if Sherlock’s loss were nothing more than the daydreams of a lowly servant.
“I know. Now, off you go.” Using what felt like the last of her reserves, Nika smiled at Jax, trying to reassure him she would be fine. Trying to reassure herself that she would be fine.
“If she’s there every year, then why haven’t I ever seen her before?  I’d remember seeing someone wearing a mask.”  Not to mention…
Not saying a word, Ella continued to watch him. Had he given the wrong answer?
“Yes, John. I know.” A storm passed quickly over Sherlock’s face. “But if I don’t say it now, I might regret it the rest of my life.”
“I’m surprised it hasn’t happened already, but it seems the police are putting a trace on it. While the authorities do not suspect you were involved with Dr. Watson’s escape, they are well aware of your close relationship and will be monitoring to see if he contacts you.  May I presume he has not called you?”  His hand didn’t move from where it reached out to his brother.
“Come now, tis obvious.  Millicent urged you to marry after knowing each other for only a few months; why the rush?  She be sewing infant garments which she says be for a friend, but tis no one with whom Millicent be so intimate that she would commit so much time.  And she be unusually cautious lifting heavy items, often asking for assistance, which is not her usual wont.  She be with child; tis no other explanation.
“Señores!  Disculpame. Disclupame.  Lo ciento,” she apologises over and over as she backs out of the door, somehow having the presence of mind to grab the Do Not Disturb placard and take it with her.
be back.  And tis yours to make sure he does not leave again.”  Colin sniffed at the air.  “Mmmmm, that smells good.  Be you hungry?  I be famished.”
Midway through the third speaker, a tall bird-like woman with a beak for a nose, the door of the small hall opened and in rushed a small sandy-haired man who looked to be in his early to mid-thirties.  Sherlock hadn’t seen him at any of the meetings before.  A recent convert, perhaps?  Perhaps his family had held an intervention forcing him to come?  He didn’t look as though he had had any drug addictions, his skin was healthy, his eyes, though a little on the baggy side, were clear.  His coordination not showing any of the hesitancies or tics an addict usually had.
His hand still stroking my face, it moves up into my hair, winding curls through his fingers.  His eyes fixed on me, he asks, a small tremble in his voice, “You ready to go on?”
A figure emerged from behind a bush and, with a you-caught-me grin, Andi joined him on the bench.
for you have never been my mother.”  Sherlock spat out ‘mother’ as if it be a bitter poison.  “
twas ever so right.
(See the end of the chapter for
Finishing her review of the file just as the car pulled up to the hospital, Nika frowned. Dr. Watson wasn’t at all the type of patient Nika had imagined she would be asked to perform surgery on. She would never admit it to anyone, but when she had thought why Mr. Holmes might call on her, she had given over to her romantic side; she had envisioned a furtive journey to a make-shift surgery where awaited her a head of state or an undercover agent protecting Britain’s deepest secrets. But no, the patient she’d been asked to help was no one of import, and Nika was disappointed. This all seemed so, well, ordinary. And to add insult to injury, she could see nothing that would require her expertise.
Reaching across me, John finds my hip and holds me to him.
Sherlock and John had been partners in the business sense for some time.  A time during which, without either wanting to admit it, they had each found themselves captivated by the other~ John by Sherlock's piercing blue eyes, lustrous curls, and Oh-my-god-how-can-it-be-that-tight arse, and Sherlock by John's warm blue eyes, rakish grey/blonde hair, and decidedly soldierly strut. But with John an avowed heterosexual (I’m not gay!) and Sherlock a…who knows, there were certain barriers that needed to be broken down.
Quite surprisingly, before the incident (Sherlock still couldn’t bring himself to rule out the possibility that John being hit wasn’t an accident), John had been an asset in his work.
“What were the other three…clips, you call them?”
Much love and gratitude to Burning_Up_A_Sun for her keen eye and insights.  There is no better friend or beta!  (Have you read her Adult Education series, yet?  Funny, sweet, hot, and provocative.  An excellent read!)
“The truth, Sherlock.”
“The chip is gone.”
~~**~~
To Sherlock’s surprise, sitting on the screen was a picture of himself from John’s photo stream. He swiped through the collection—there were dozens of pictures of him. At crime scenes. In the flat. Pictures that were clearly about Sherlock and not the surrounding scene.
And Sherlock again went silent, the hands again steepled. An affectation that Simon was beginning to find intriguing.
“His hands be rough from holding reigns, but elsewhere they be smooth.  He has never done manual labour.  Look at his fingers.”  Sherlock scratched his thumbnail at one of the Gareth’s darkened nails, but the stain stubbornly refused to flake away.
Unsure of how to respond, John’s mouth gaped. No, he had it. “That’s one of the most ridiculous things I’ve heard of. I’m leaving you. What’s the point of leaving if you go with me?”
Be there anything more he needed?
“What’s wrong with you?” Mycroft asked, peering down at him. “You aren’t
I bite the inside of my lip; it
Sitting up so he can kiss me, “Me, too, honey.  Everything.”
With nothing more to be said and little he could do, Mycroft stood, silently offering comfort that he wouldn’t know how to express had Sherlock been willing to accept it.
Stepping into the dimly lit house, he spotted Myrtle seated on the far side of the room—awake, this time, flipping through a tabloid—but the center of his being focused on John, sat up with his hands latched behind his head. Eyes closed. Sherlock stood away from the end of the bed. “Give him room,” Andi had said. And he greeted John, a quiet hello that he hoped conveyed far more than the empty word should have to shoulder:
“All transmission ability has been disabled.”
I pick up the remote off the bedside table, remembering how I earlier snorted in disdain at such a superfluous gadget, now grateful for it.  I am not forced to leave his side; even one second away from him is too long.  I press a button and listen to the whir as the drapes slide open, muted lights from the city filling the room.
Andi grabbed the brightly colored scarf from where it draped over Dr. Juma’s shoulders.
He has a point.  “No.”
John reaches his hand out to the middle of the table, palm up.
Part 2 of Year 4 will be posted as a separate chapter
“Am I?”
’.  Choosing between a life without John and my child, and almost certain death, is not a ‘
, you would clearly see John authored all the books himself; no one else would indulge in such an appalling proliferation of semi-colons (“So sorry, John.”).  And frankly, he could use an editor who does not appear to have learned the English language in a barrio in South America as he does not have the wherewithal to correct his split infinitives or prevent him from ending his sentences in prepositions.  But you…”
I put my fingers to his lower back and push.
He heard Mrs. Hudson’s shriek and cocked his head.
John shrugged.  “She didn’t have any say.  She was able to keep Scotti with her in prison until she stopped breast feeding, and then she gave up her parental rights.  It was part of the deal Mycroft made with her. You know about that, don’t you?”
My eyebrow raised, “I am guessing that is not what you were intending to say, since by no means does it hurts my feelings.  What is it you need to tell me?  It is not about my coat again is it?” I fully understood why he tried to save me from inflicting upon myself a heat stroke whilst we were in America, but we were home in Belstaff territory, and had been for three months.
“That’s not important right now. Give me your hand!”
I look up at him so I can see his face.  So I can get a clear view of the man who I have been too stubborn to see has been the heart of me a good portion of my life.
“For heaven’s sakes,” I erupt, exasperated. “‘I love you.’ Does it really have to be this hard?”
Sherlock propped himself against the headboard. “What do you mean, ‘see’?”
I do not know; I am as stunned as he.  The pulse in his neck now visible, I fear John will be unable to contain his anger.  But his smile, while less friendly, remains on his face.
His voice is soft in the dark.  I thought he was asleep, but he is not.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sit down.  Why?  We’re going to hospital.”
As their kiss deepened, there it was, another moan.
They walked the horses, riding in silence, the only sounds around them the occasional hoot of an owl and the rushing river, the howl of a lonely wolf. The path littered with large stones invisible in the dark, they dared not move more quickly for fear of hobbling one of their animals. Or, Sir John silently added, trampling an already injured man.
“I wanted to write more, but I ran out of paper.”  Sherlock peers at my face.  “Are you all right, John?  Do you not like it?  Did I miss something important?”
My eyes fly open and I see him exhale with relief.
“Vibrations will also trigger the bomb. Besides, we’ve run out of time, John.”
While I do not believe I deserve to spend the rest of eternity alongside those truly worthy of residing in Heaven, my motivation for arguing to be redirected to Hell is based on one reason and one reason alone, to be with John.
“Sir John, look at me.  Tell me to my face.”
James stopped typing, her hands poised over the keyboard as she looked up.
“You never forgot.”
“No.  I will not
I stare at the man dressed in traditional pirate garb, his hat askew and his legs flopped in front of him, toes pointed outward.
John licked his lips; he would have to try another tactic.
Never ending love and gratitude to my dear friend and beta, Burning_Up_A_Sun.  I bow down to your talent and thank you for your keen eye.
“To the contrary. The experiment was a great success. So successful that the MOD is about to share their findings with the scientific community so that it can be used for the public and to explore its use in other applications.”
Ok, let me get this straight.  Here you’ve been accusing
John loosens his hold on me, releasing me from my hiding place, and looks up into my face.
~~**~~
“But, do you not-”
“Well, I…I’m starting to feel more like a kept man than a husband, Sherlock.  I mean, you pay for everything and you’ve started doing all the cooking and cleaning.  Sometimes I feel the only time I’m useful is when, well, when we have sex.  Which I can’t help but think is laughable since I used to have trouble even getting a date; now I appear to be some kind of…some kind of sex God.”  John turned his head back to face me, no hint of humour simmering beneath his sober eyes.
I reply with complete honesty.  “I cannot think of a better way to die.”
John mumbled something Sherlock didn’t catch, so he replayed the handful of sounds several times, still unable to decipher John’s words. Reluctantly, he let the video continue on.
