Bruce raises his hands in a non-threatening manner and steps a bit closer, “Tony, its us? Surely you’re not so cruel to kick us out? It’s dangerous out there “ he nods to the darkening sky, “it’s dark now...please? let us stay the night at least?” He looks at him imploringly. He’s shocked when Tony snorts mockingly.
Smirking she sets up the mugs to be filled, “sorry Tony not my type but if you give me the first bit of chocolate you find next supply run..” she trails off teasingly.
“Who the hell are these guys?!” Yelling  as he spins around; swearing as he pulls a his wound, Clint looks at Sam who has come up behind him.
“I’m not your sweetheart...” Grumbling, trying to hide a slight blush Tony accepts some food for him and Peter from Bucky. Steve tries to hide a smile behind a cough, due to recent events he and Bucky had put their dating on hold, but before all this had happened. They had been started dating, despite the taboo behind two dominants dating, they had made it work. Sure they bumped heads a lot but they worked things out. Besides, the one sub  either of them would had considered dating, is the one sub neither can seem to have.
Steve smiles as he hands the map back to Sam and turns to address the whole group.
Taking deep long calming breathes, Steve managed to get himself back under control just as Loki and Tony came back, walking around the far left of the building, the very same direction that Steve was currently facing. Relief flooded him, as Steve started walking to meet them half way, his eyes moving over Tony critically looking for any signs of injury.
Forcibly swallowing bile Steve looks away with his eyes closed trying to steel himself as Bucky comes in behind him.
“Of course, if I get your son hurt I’ll stand still for you to kill me.” Sam gives Tony a look of understanding, both seemingly coming to a non verbal agreement. After a beat Tony nods looking satisfied, moving to Peter he helps to get him settled on a sofa. Already the group can hear the sounds of rain and thunder outside.
Bucky smirked at him as he ruffled Peter’s hair, “sure is kiddo, I was just checking out down stairs in the basement last when you guys came in. In fact me and Stevie best go make sure it’s definitely clear…you stay up here with daddy ok?”
“Thor found this outside the gates when we came back… “
“Get out of my home..” His tone is like steel, a no bullshit tone. Lowering all their weapons Steve goes to take a step forward, only for Tony to take off the catch on the gun. Making him stop.
The storm rages all night, in the early hours of the morning they had all woken up to shooting, screaming of the pain of someone alive being torn apart, the snarls of the undead and growls as they chased the living. Luckily the rain was heavy enough they didn’t actually hear the person actually being eaten. It had been Natasha’s watch at the time, silently she woke everyone up. Packing up everyone waited, tense but silent except for a few frightened whimpers from Peter which Tony tried to quieten. They waited incase they had to flee into the storm but thankfully, the horde passed without any trouble.
“Loki, do you have a spell we could use to find the direction of the others?”
Like a bucket f cold water, dread washed over Tony as he stares at the mark. His own face losing colour. He hears a cry of despair and anguish. It takes a few moments for him to realise that that cry was him.
Frowning Tony glanced between he two of them. “Why did  it take you that long to get come to that decision…”
Pondering about it Natasha hesitates to agree straight away, as badly as she wants to launch a rescue mission for Steve, it does seem like they are out matched here. Their opponent has the advantage with having a larger group with many units, they had possibly been watching them and listening to know they would come back to the town from a previous visit. Maybe even knew where they were staying? There was to much unknown for her liking.
Sun shines down on the city of Queens. The masked hero lays on the roof of an apartment complex, taking in the view around them, scouting for crimes that need someone like herself to step in. It's pretty peaceful for the city that never sleeps. The hero hears footsteps approaching but feels no threat. Somebody sits down beside her, their form instantly relaxing at the familiarity. They both sit there for a while, neither of them saying anything.
"Pete, this is when you stop talking." I say patronizingly to my older brother. Tony cleared his throat.
"Only get the best. Benches, tables and chairs. Get enough for all of us."
I've got a dream
"We're going on a field trip to our own home!!" Peter explains to his best friend. I see MJ trying to keep her cool but I can see her lip in between her teeth, something she does when she's nervous.
"Well come here." I don't need to be told twice as I sprint into his arms, wrapping myself around him as our lips meet for a passionate kiss.
"Where are you two going?" A voice from behind us asks. I wince before turning around to face Conrad.
"Would you like me to read it to you?" She nods again. I pick the book up, studying it's cover, Charlie and the Chocolate factory.
“What’s wrong Wilson?”
“Steve we really don’t…”
“No…no no no!” Grabbing the shield in shock, Natasha swings her gaze this way and that way seeking out a hint that Steve is just playing some horrible prank. As if hoping he will jump out with a gotcha! Damnit Steve was meant to be unbeatable, how on earth did he get taken down?
Ok so i split this chapter into two parts as i was really struggling with the next part to this so while i struggle with an action scene you guys get an early update yay! :D come scream me on tumblr (under same user name) as i dont always check messages on here. I love hearing what you guys think and what parts you loved reading!  Enjoy !
”Done!”
Looking at Bucky, they had a silent conversation almost as Bucky gives him an imploring look. “Come on Steve, we can’t really afford to be picky right now. We need all the help we can get. And if it helps us save others? I’m willing forget and forgive for now.” As he says that, Bucky’s eyes dart over to Tony and back o Steve. Trying to silently tell Steve that this could be their one chance to get Tony and Peter safe at least. Grinding his teeth, hating having to need the chaos god’s help he nods at Thor.
hey! i'm thinking of adding in Wade wilson,  but young, around 8/9 ish, would that be sonething people would like to see? if so any suggestions on how to bring him in, i have a few ideas but new perspectives are nice :) happy first of december!
“So out of curiosity, can you fit your fist in your mouth?”
Ducking as now gun fire from the roof rains down on them, Clint grits his teeth as he yank the bolt out of his leg and puts pressure on the wound. Just barely stopping himself from screaming. Fuck that hurt!
“So I’m sat, what did you want to talk about?”
“Morning Buckster, I take it all clear?”
“We have to be nearly done by now…” grumbling Tony readjusted his backpack. He had grabbed it as it has his gadgets and medical stuff should he need it. He didn’t feel comfortable leaving his stuff in the car with the kids unsupervised. Peter had a nasty habit of nosing into things when curious.
“Yeah about that Stark” Clint put his chin in his hands leaning on the table, “Why bother with homework?”
Frowning confused, Steve wonders why he would loose his temper. “I promise Tony,”
Loki gave them a run down of which rooms in which sections they saw the most Dead, using a stick he drew a rough map in the dirt.
Rolling his eyes, Tony gestures to the kettle with the small pack of coffee next to it.  “As little as possible though, try to make it last for as long as we can”
Sat on the sofa currently, is an old man; bold and in what looks to be washed out faded jeans and a plaid shirt. The man looks to be in his 50s at least, his eyes watch the new arrivals calmly and with a soft welcoming look framed by laugh lines and crows feet by the eyes.
“Tony wanted to get a few medical books and some on weapons and bullet making. I have to admit, they could come in handy should we find ourselves without someone that’s an expert in both areas.”
A quick check and fiddling around with the boiler and Tony declared it working. Places this far out and this big usually ran on its own system. Hopefully, the water would last. At least long enough for them to make a working renewable system.
As he reaches her, she turns to look up at him, half of her left cheek is hanging in tatters, a gaping hole in her face. Her eyes sunken in as her body slowly perishes and decomposes. Her teeth are yellowed and many having fallen out of rotting gums. The old flowery dress is dirty and hanging on her frame as she gashes what’s left of her teeth at him. A frail hand trying to reach up to him.
“I don’t know but this seems awfully organised for a mere run in, Colossus you think it’s the same group we’ve been having problems with?” Logan asks as he peers back at Colossus. Humming Colossus takes a moment to think on his reply. Looking around as if taking everything in account mentally and examining it for clues.
Smiling, she nudges him in the shoulder, “You best have baby photos, I want to see him as a baby. Sounds like he was a real cutie.” Grinning more widely, Tony nods nudging her back. He and Natasha has had a turbulent history but...despite the bitterness, underneath is his admiration for her, she had always treated him as just another guy. No different from anyone else, despite his old fame and wealth he had to his name. They knew where they stood and could relate on certain issue’s.
“We just need to wait 24 hours, the virus should have run it’s course within that time ok?” Offering a small smile, Steve places a hand on Tony’s knee, giving it a gentle squeeze.
“Wade may not be up to much, but maybe you can show him around the place with someone? Wade hasn’t had a good look around yet I bet, you can show him the massive game room up stairs as well?”
“Damn…” heaving a sigh, Bucky went over to the weakly struggling deado and shoved his knife into the back of it’s head. Ending it’s misery. “We best check the doors over there” he points to a door in between two racks. Steve hurries over, carefully avoiding looking at the women as he carefully cracks the door open. After nothing trying to get out he pulls it open wider to peek in. A bathroom. A quick glance around reveals it to be empty.
“What’s your name?” Kneeling down to be at eye level Steve looks at him confident but with steel in his eyes. He needs to let this guy know he’s not someone easily tricked.
Tony is immediately racing down the corridors, his mind focused on one thing only at this point. Getting to the kids trapped in the car. Questions could come later, Tony couldn’t bare it if he lost his son or caused Wade to get bitten.
“You ok Tony?” Standing up and smashing the 5th deado’s head into the side of the truck almost on auto, Steve looks up at Tony, his eyes blazing with protectiveness. They are dark with anger and intense. His body thrumming with energy from adrenaline, his chest heaving. He and Natasha must have found a closer car to be back so soon.
Hustling to her, Natasha smiles at the tired toddler before looking at Steve. “It’s all clear, but we did find someone, he claims to be by himself. Personally I think he’s telling the truth and he seems harmless. Wants to join our group.”
“What about you?!”
“Hey hey hey, calm down ok? They’re gone now…they can’t hurt you now. Wade look at me,” Tony spoke often but firmly, gently easing up Wade’s chin to look Tony in the eye. “Did it bite you? Wade, I need to know if your hurt”
Biting her lip a bit she mulled over his question. Usually she would say yes, but she has no clue who the father is. Is he the type who likes kids? Would he step up to help protect Peter in this troubled time? Or would he sneer and walk away anyway? To many variables for her to make a proper answer. Choosing her words carefully she puts a hand on his comfortingly.
“Maybe we can find a car or a van to take us some of the journey on the way out?” Checking his equipment, Bucky looks at Steve as he heads on out, taking point.
No Dead Nation to kiss us goodbye.
~~~ ~~~ ~~~
A sudden weight feels like its been added to his shoulders. The fear of failing Tony and Peter, knowing now that Peter is his actual son, has all this feeling so much harder than before. Bizarre as it is, but the knowledge has made it feel like Peter’s safety; as well as Tony’s; is his responsibility now. More so than before. Perhaps it’s the dom side of him, rearing up telling him to take care of his family. Despite knowing that Tony can look after himself.
“Oh Tony...” Heart clenching for him, he sees this time Bucky reach out and this time put his hand on Tony’s knee. Tony doesn’t seem to acknowledge it at first before gently removing Bucky’s hand.
Clint quickly trying to censor his swearing when Nat elbowed him subtly, pouting at her, Clint plucked up the pills and some water. Taking the hint, the group file out leaving only Natasha behind to keep watch over him in case.
“What we gonna do?!” Wade shouted, panic coming through as he stares at the windows that the dead claw at. For once Bucky had no idea what to do either.
“Why don’t you take a seat?” Bucky’s rough voice low- pretty much a rumble at this point, made Tony’s body quiver. Just a bit. Bucky nudges a chair back with his foot as way of invitation. Grumbling to himself Tony sits down slumping back in his seat as he watches the other two looking for any sign of what the want to talk about.
“We’re not strangers Tony-“
Charles voice is calm and soothing as he speaks, yet firm and with utter confidence; Sam is positive that Charles could speak with such conviction that Sam could take on an entire hoard with one dagger.
“yes mom,” smirking Sam swats at him as he pushes away from from the truck, with a quick reassurance that they won’t take long. Together both Sam and Steve head to the nearest store to start their search, leaving Nat and Clint to keep watch.
“I told you not to call me stuff like that”
“Thanks, it has been getting worse..” He watches as the Sub genius gets the plates open. The moment Tony sees the inside he lets out a pained whine, clutching at his chest as if in horror.
“Tony look! We can get onto the roof and jump across to other buildings. Clint, hurry give me that chair!” Without a second thought, Clint dragged one over, one wall started to cave in and the dead pouring through the gaps. Yelling in fear, Tony leans as far away from the grabbing hands as he can, the air is saturated in their combined fear. Trying to keep a level head, Bucky climbs the chair and throws open the door above and grabs Tony first, hauling him up and shoves him through the opening. Scrambling, Tony crawls through the hole and looks down just as Bucky hauls up Clint. Precariously, the balance on the sloping roof, just about keeping their footing.
“That and sex. Hey think we could get Tony to agree to some old fashioned movie troupe like sexy times? Me and you or just me in a tree with a scope? Watching him tease in a window, hell maybe you’re in there with him to tease me. Watching you two get it on while I can only watch-“
Hands squeezing the back of a chair that Loki had claimed, Tony’s knuckles where white from how hard he was gripping the chair. A near futile effort to keep calm and still, when all he wanted was to get in a truck and get Steve right then and now. It took Bucky a few moments out in the hall earlier, telling him; just as much for his own benefit as Tony’s; that they needed to make a plan before running off. Steve would kill them if they ran into this half cocked.
Bucky had to find them.
“Miss me doll?” Teasingly Bucky look over at him as he picks up Peter and makes his way over. The nickname causing Tony to snort in amusement to cover up how his eyes are shiny with tears.
Giggling Wade smiles at him, it’s a card he actually needs but he won’t take it, Peter till hasn’t grasped the game fully. His excitable personality inables him to keep secrets yet. The two kids upon meeting had gotten along like a house on fire, Peter not straying from Wade’s side if he could help it.
“We all heard Metal man and Dollies story, we should discuss as a group what to do from here. Should we trust Colossus and his group?”
Looking over Bucky’s face, Tony looked for anything that would indicate that Bucky is lying. He only found sincerity. A tension, that Tony wasn’t even aware of, left his muscles.
Kicking up fallen leaves, it reaches the shiny object but the Deado misses the wire that’s hidden beneath the leaves on the ground. It’s foot presses down on a certain bit.
“Rogers, may I remind you that we are some of the more faster and sneakier of the group? Yes Barnes is faster than Stark but his arm could reflect the sunlight. Catching the eye of a group of those things. Thor is useless at sneaking and you and him are both bright and large. The best options would be me and Stark and you know it.”
“Shit! That’s going to be hard to outrun, even with super speed.” Leaning over the edge of the truck, Tony watches the horde stumble into the trees, leaving only a few around the truck. Easier to get past and get rid off. “What do we do?” Tony looks at Clint in hope he may have a sudden bright idea.
Placing Peter into a chair at the kitchen table after lighting a few candles he turns to the group. “I suppose your all hungry, well chop chop, I’m not doing all the cooking make yourselves useful!”
“Well done” Ruffling his hair she pushes a book towards him and Clint, “Try and do some reading as well ok? Good boy, you’re going to have to help Clint, He’s not that good yet”
“There! Ew, it’s oozing blood a bit. Sam look, the blood looks like tar!”
Glaring at the smirking god, Steve kept his aggressive stance. After Loki’s last attempt at enslaving this planet, he wasn’t about to trust Loki any time soon. He could feel his eye twitching and his hand flexing as the Dom god of chaos  moved closer to Tony. The wicked gleam telling Steve, Loki knew what he was doing.
“Sam? Bruce? Is Tony and Bucky back?!” Bursting into the room, his heart sinks only seeing Sam at the window keeping lookout from behind thick curtains. Bruce on the bed showing Peter how to make a snare. “Damnit, Stay up here ok? A horde is heading this way, not big but still dangerous! I’m heading to get Tony and Bucky now. Remember to barricade behind me Sam in case we don’t get back. We may duck into another house closer to where they are now!”
No Dead Nation
Brightening, Yukio seems to chirp as she speaks, “Maybe we can help each other?”
“Hey it’s ok buddy…I was just surprised ok? No need to hide kiddo.” Using his hopefully nicest smile, Bucky tugged Wade to look at him again. “You’re a survivor kiddo like me hmm? We gotta stick together huh? See I’m about to go find my group again wanna come with? We have this lil kid in our group that would love to have a new friend”
That night, went pretty much the same as the night before. Somewhat awkward conversation between them all, most of it was based around Peter’s endless questions about the Avenger’s.
Rolling off the roof, Bucky falls onto the few at the edge of the horde, knocking them to the ground. Dazed he sits up, the snarls of the dead he had fallen on snap him out of it quickly. Bringing out a knife from who knows where, Bucky stabs at one and rolls to his feet. Deftly avoiding snapping jaws. Standing Bucky backs up watching the horde with a snarl on his own face.
First was the trusting relief at having found something one of their group apparently needed. Then came the surprise quickly followed by a look that was just pure resignation but humour, behind Steve, Bucky could hear Tony snort in laughter as Steve swore loudly.
“There’s a massive horde on the other side of the fence coming from behind the barn. We can probably sneak out to the cars but there’s a few on the other side of the house. We will have to be quick.”
“You can get in the truck!” Leaning out of a side window, Nat shoots as some people come from between two buildings, guns in hand but are forced to take cover at her shooting. “Hurry your ass up Clint!”
“You guys go and arrange that, I’m going to catch a few winks after downing these pain killers. Thank fuc- frick that we raided that medi centre huh?”
“Let’s not forget, usually a hell of a lot of back up power sources and off the main grid in case of power outages!” Grinning Clint bounces in his seat. “God I hope that means warm showers!”
“You have no idea how happy I am to see your face for once. Steve, Bucky! He ran that way leading-“ Steve nodded cutting him off, frustration but resignation clear in his voice. “I know. We saw him disappear just as we got the car here…I’m afraid we can’t do nothing Tony”
They knew in this apocalyptic times, that hard choices would have to be made. Choices that most wouldn’t be able to make. They both knew that some decisions had to be made though, regardless of how much they may not want to. He loves Bucky, despite them both being Dom’s they had loved each other for years. Since they were kids in fact. It wasn’t until recent months that they had decided to try something.
So lost in his thoughts as he rejoined Clint in the corridor, it took a few moments for a scream to register in his mind. Freezing, Tony recognises the scream as Peters.
“Then let keep an eye out for one along the way. Let make it a priority on the route. 30 minutes everyone before we head out”
“Hey you, where you been?” Steve murmured softly as he pulled back, his eyes soft with adoration as he looked down at Tony.
To his surprise Bucky I nodding as he looks Tony over appreciatively. When Bucky notices Tony’s gaze, the damn soldier actually fucking winks at him. Flushing even darker at that Tony clears his throat at that. Unsure how to respond to this.
“Everyone that thinks that we should join forces, raise your hand?”
“Are you hurt?! What happened?” With a quick glance, he could see Bucky open a side door and picking Peter out o a foot well to check him over. A quick search and Bucky relaxed in relief, he nods at Tony to let him know Peter is ok. Relief swamped Tony, reassured somewhat he turned to Wade. He needs to check the older boy over first.
“Oh. Is everything going to be ok?” Looking down into Peter’s eyes, Tony could still see the absolute innocence and naiveté in them. He wishes he would keep Peter away from the real world. So that he never has to be scared or at the threat of going hungry. But he knows, all to soon they will have to go out there eventually. Peter seems more advanced in some areas but he’s still just a young kid.
“Their all through the Solarium! Out back!” Sam shouts into the house while Nat practically storms over to them. Her eyes carefully blank which Bucky knew to be a bad sign, easing up on his stance Bucky move to meet her halfway while the others follow at a slower pace.
It’s Thor who nods back at him with a smile of his own.
“I can’t see anything Cap, I think it’s empty.” Sam called from the other side of the vehicle, he gently raps on one of the windows to test if anything is hiding inside. They hear nothing.
“Any news?”
Earlier while the super soldiers were out, Wade had accidentally dropped his hood back when playing with Peter. Tony had taken it in stride and in return shown Wade his own scars. Told him that nearly all of them had scars, proof that they were strong and survivors. It had helped calm Wade a bit. He had brightened even more when Peter didn’t seem to even care and still tugged on Wade’s hand to keep playing.
Quick as he can, Thor makes his way to the gates, glancing around to make sure no one is hiding close by when his foot kicks something on the ground. Pausing and looking down to see what it was he kicked, Thor sees a small black walkie talkie. Taped to the front is some writing that he can’t make out in the dark, bending to retrieve it Thor realises it says Stark on the taped on bit of paper.
By the time Colossus had finished describing his group, the Avenger’s where reluctantly impressed that they had managed to survive this long considering that most of Colossus’s group had people with many disadvantages. Disadvantages that would normally get either the group or themselves killed early on. They key to them surviving it seemed, was that most had Mutant abilities, giving them an edge to survive.
Tony startled a bit as he felt soaped hands start to wash him off, of all the grime that had stuck to him. Bucky’s hands were sure but quick as they scrubbed away, allowing Tony to float a bit in his head. Enjoying the warmth of the shower as steam rose. Adding an extra blanket of warmth that wraps around his senses.
Compared to the sweet, tranquil air from last night, the next morning was much more explosive. The exploding mainly came from Tony, who was being loud enough to make his displeasure known.
Sam being the only one who can a) drive and b) actually fit in the drivers seat, was the designated driver while Yukio gave him directions. Thor and Colossus sat in the truck bay, keeping a sharp eye out for any more surprise attacks. Inside, Yukio was happily keeping conversation going with Sam as she chatted about her group and her girlfriend Negasonic, whom she loved completely.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“Well, considering we have all that shiny new tech and stuff from that centre, me and Brucie-Bear spent most of the night setting up a lab into working order. He wants to see what the difference is between our blood, Wade’s and the Deado’s. See if we can come up with a vaccine or something you know? we may as well try while we still can.”
Swearing under his breath Bucky kept running, the original horde he led away from his group had grown. Other groups near by had heard he hungry snarls of those behind him and joined the hunt. Some nearly blind-siding him as they come from all directions. Rotting hands reaching out for soft flesh.
"Tyler Stark-Jones." I correct her, pulling on my Black Widow converse, yes I still have those, judge away.
He's got a dream
"Open mine. Open mine."
"Birthday?!" Dad asks gobsmacked.
"You sound like my Papa now." She smirks at my response.
"Kids, come here." We do as were told. I climb off Wade's lap and join hands with me big brother we walk towards dad and he stands looking us up and down. He puts his hands on Pete's shoulder and straightens them out, making him stand up straight.
"That's true, come on kids, let's call it a night." We quickly make our rounds, saying goodnight to everyone before heading up to the penthouse in the elevator.
"Hey guys." I say giving a little wave as I put in my combination, opening the metal door my eyes instantly drifting to the picture on the inside. The one of Peter, Aunt May, Uncle Ben and I at the beach. All smiles. So happy. If only they could see me now. I'm broken out of my trance by the bell ringing signalling the start of first period. I groan. Math. I hate math with a burning passion. Luckily, I have Wade and MJ in that class so it's not total torture. The three of us share the mutual look of 'kill me now' as we start to walk to the classroom. The teacher, Miss Jones, was stood at the door greeting every student with her fake-ass smile. Once everyone was sat in their seats she moved to the front of the call and began to check the attendance.
"I'm not totally fond of it but it could do you good." Now it was my turn to roll my eyes.
"Without that, without everything that happened to me, I never would've met them. And I think that disobeying Conrad's orders was one of the best thing I ever did." She smiles at me with pity before nodding to the now silent Avengers.
"You, Nat's hair, the ground, my legs." I answer between pants.
"Buckle up. You'll get me shot else." I salute her as I pull the seat belt over my body, clicking it into place. The car is filled with silence, Lily-Anne's eyes trained on the road and mine out of the window.
"Represent. Pull." Bruce tries but again gets nowhere, same as Peter. Papa stands up to the table.
"Miss Tyler, I've been told to inform you that dinner is ready." I look up from the book that I'm reading, glancing towards the door. I stand up from my seat at my desk, my tattered copy of The Strange Case Of Dr Jekyll And Mr Hyde clasped in my hand. Pete is sat in his usual seat at the table so I jump into the one next to him, saying a brief hello before going back to my book. My attention being snapped away when somebody coughs.
"And because of that they've been avoiding you like the plague huh? Treating you like it's your fault?" He asks, his fingers playing with the ends of my hair.
"So why don't we get the examination out of the way then we can chill out. It's about lunch time so we can always grab something to eat." All of the adults agree as me and Pete are unsure about the whole thing. We all head down to something called Med Bay which looks a little like a hospital room. Steve leads me over to one bed as Tony leads Pete to the other. Bruce comes over and hands me a gown to change into. I'm relieved to see itsit's not a normal hospital gown but it still has short sleeves. My head snaps to Tony, panic in my eyes. He smiles at me gently before mouthing 'it's okay'. Steve leaves my little cubical type thing as I change into the gown, pulling my jacket back on over the top, successfully covering my arms. The curtain is ripped back and a nervous looking Bruce enters, Tony following close behind him. The check upcheck-up was pretty normal. I tensed every time he tried to touch me but Tony continuously rubbed circles on my hand with his thumb; and before I knew it, it was over and I was changing back into my clothes. I get up off of the bed and make my way back up the stairs, where I was instructed to go by Steve, to find Natasha. I spot her on the sofa, flicking through channels on the TV. She hears me enter and her head snaps in my direction, a smile playing on her lips.
I've got a dream
"We'd like to meet her older sister." MJ says, authority in her voice.
"Please tell them I'll be there once I am dressed." I ask politely, something I'm not used to doing.
"Very Well sir. They have all been notified and are on their way." Clint starts leading me out of my room and onto the common floor. I plant my heels into the ground just like a toddler.
The three of us take our seats back at the table and, naturally, people had question. I told them my story like I told Nat a few days prior and Pete told his. We moved on to telling stories about when we were younger.
For all of these goodbyes
"Then I can abide by those rules, how about you Pete?" I ask. He just nods.
Once I'm alone in my bedroom, I allow my calm demeanour to fade away, taking my bottom lip between my teeth and nibbling at the dried skin nervously. 'What if they send me back to her? I love it here. I love my new family. Urgh God.' I push the thoughts out of my head and jump into the shower, letting the water wash away my worries. I wrap myself up in a towel and trudge through to my room, quickly turning on the heater before entering the maze which is my wardrobe. I begin muttering under my breath.
The party wraps up a little after midnight, with everyone apart form the Avengers leaving. We all gather around in the common floors living room, Thor's hammer perched on the table.
Time skip brought to you by Spider-Man in Space!!!!!!!!!
"No work on this trip. Either of you." He point between the pair of us, ignoring our pouts and drawing the taller woman in for a hug. He releases her and she makes her way over to me, her arms wrapping around my waist as mine go straight for her neck, our lips joining in a well needed kiss.
"Love you too, Papa." And then, I fall asleep.
"Well I hope you like pancakes." Tony says, turning back around to make another cup of coffee. I get up and walk over to him.
"Damn. Pete. You're really going to struggle with that aren't you?" He gasps mockheyyyyyyy offendedly and smacks me round the back of the head. Steve gives us a look that says behave so we stop instantly.
"I will Doll. I'll call you soon."
"Right. Why would I do without you kid?"
"You okay baby boy?" Wade whispers in my ear. I nod, wringing my hands nervously under the table. I take a deep shaky breath.
"Come on. We've got movies and ice cream and chocolate and sweets. I got some house friendly arrows so we can have a go inside. We can do whatever you want." Nat chuckles at her husband's enthusiasm.
"We're not all super soldiers Rogers."
"Good morning Miss Quinzel. It is currently 8:49 am and the temperature is 23 degrees Celsius." Jarvis' voice broke through the silence of my room, scaring me a little at first. I wince slightly at the name.
Yeah!
"Aww thanks Dad. See you in a bit."
"But you said!" I try to argue.
"We can kill 10 minutes." He says calmly, wrapping his arm around her bony shoulders. Tyler nods her head in defeat and leans on her older brother, closing her eyes and savouring these blissful moments before they go back and the torture begins.
"Did you mean what you said back there?" He asks, sitting on the edge of my bed.
"Coffee?" She asks. I nod and before I could even blink, it was sat in front of me, exactly how I liked it. I didn't tell her.
"Do you want me to stay or?"
"You going to do it?" I nod again.
Not 5 minutes later, everyone is sat on the two large sofas that are in the living room, watching the skilled archer as he paces.
"Forever?" her head tilts to the side cutely and her eyebrows furrow.
"Okay, okay I got it. I just came to see if we could finish lunch without anymore dramatic teenage outbursts." Now I did look up. I was furious. I glared at the goateed man as a thin layer of black mist forms around my closed fists. Wanda is the first to notice.
“They have a child in the group, kept at the mansion it would seem; from a conversation we overheard we believe this kid is immune to the biters”
“-besides, he won’t let anything happen to me.” Grinning brightly, happy to ignore the burning glare that was being aimed at him from Loki.
Scoffing, Clint flicks at Sam’s nose.
So far he and Clint had only come across three maids. Obviously, the staff that kept this place clean. The group on the bottom floor have already come across far more in the kitchen.
“This call will no doubt be staged to be as stressful as possible, aimed to push you into making rash decisions Tony. You must make sure you keep a calm head as much as possible, understood?” Charles chimes in, his soothing voice firm in a way most parental people somehow manage to have. The advice and support of the fellow Sub, strengthens Tony’s resolve to try and beat Francis at his own game. Simply having everyone there for support was helping him keep himself calm as possible.
As planned, Tony and Bucky had gone to get the fuel and had immediately noticed, nearly all vehicles gone from the area. All that remained, were the larger machinery. Peter had stayed at the house with Bruce and Sam. Both men packing and waiting for either party to come back.
“I think it would be a good idea to join forces, safety in numbers after all. They have a lot of manpower which would be welcome I’m sure we all agree, I mean it’s not like were hurting for space?” Natasha reasoned, turning her gaze to each member of the room as she talks.
Things indeed were looking up.
“It will draw the Deado’ attention away from where we need to draw them from. It will allow us to sneak past groups or get a team member out of a tight spot. So on supply runs, keep an eye out for them.”
“Calm down kiddo! He’s not going anywhere,”
“It doesn’t matter! I need to step up now. We’re not running if thats what anyone was thinking. But we need a group chat, air all this out. Everyone needs to know. Can’t have shocks happening at the wrong moments.”
“We should wait til the kids are in bed, and Colossus’s group is here and settled. I think if we all discussed it as one big group, we may have better results. Find out each of their strengths to help us”
“…you promise? Promise that you will! In fact, pinkie promise!” With a determined look Wade sat up holding his pinkie out to Bucky, eyes narrowed at him. Bucky was unable to refuse him on this. The kid had been abandoned once already. “I pinkie promise Wade” He linked their pinkies smiling at him.
“Right...” Frowning, Steve didn’t like the sound of that, “We will take shifts in the front room keep a look out, we will make sure its pitch dark before opening the blinds a bit. Best to have a look out in case” Looking at him for a long moment, Tony nods his consent to that.
“Finally, why is it that when you need one there’s none of these around but the moment you don’t want them, there’s a whole horde?” Tony chirps as he jumps down from his perch from within a nearby tree, Sam dropping down besides him; making a face of disgust at the rotting skin smeared on the ground.
“Ah! That um...a group of them came by during the early hours of the morning, I was just about to turn on my kitchen light when I saw them. Luckily I didn’t or else...yeah...but they had been attracted by the sounds of my horses...” Taking a deep breathe he looks him square in the eye. “I went out, waited till they were all in before locking the barn doors. Stayed away quietly until their movements died down. They are calm in there. Lack of stimulation causes them to sorta just go in saver mode I guess. So please, no loud sounds or bothering the barn, I Don’t know how long it would hold for. “
No Dead Nation has taken the light.
Both Dom’s seem look at Tony like sad puppies, their eyes wide as if worried Tony may snap at them or lash out.
“Let’s go!” Steeling his face, wiping away any emotions other than determination, Steve leads them onwards. He would like nothing more than to take after the group. Race through the trees and bushes, catch up to the horde and help Bucky. His heart aches at the thought of leaving him behind to save himself. However, back at the beginning of all this; they had made a joint decision to keep the group safe first. Even if it meant leaving the other behind for the safety of the group.
“Good, lets get this over with then. How many Deado’ could you see inside from your recon?”
Trigger/squik warning. Gore scene near the end so be careful, but honestly if you’re reading a zombie fic it’s to be expected. It’s quick so can skip it easily. It’s practcally just one large paragraph but it’s there. Enjoy and come yell at me on tumblr over it!
Putting his makeshift gauntlets down, Tony makes his way over to the bed and sits carefully on the edge smiling at them. “Having fun guys?”
“You’re not a deer…” the child in front of him spoke, disappointment clear in his tone as he stands, completely at ease in front of Bucky. Confused Bucky eased up and stood up straight, regarding this child. He couldn’t pick up any signs of others which was odd. Did this kids group just let him wonder off alone?
Quickly the team disperses to get ready to leave. Tony and the super soldiers head up to the room the kids are in.
“We got separated by a horde of those things you bbq’ed a moment ago. I found this kid while on the run.”
Huffing a laugh Steve steps back to give Tony space just as Natasha come into the room, looking as alert as ever she makes a beeline for the camping stove. Once it on she starts a weak pot of coffee causing Tony to groan appreciatively at the smell.
Heaving a sigh, Tony walked down stairs passing other rooms on his way and hearing some of the others settling down or quietly chatting. He heads to the kitchen intent on getting some food to eat finally when he notices that it’s the two super soldiers that are still up. Apparently on first watch.
”There we go, ” grinning, Tony stands up stretching out his muscles that have cramped up a bit from being in one position for so long. “Let’s go upstairs and let the others know the good knees huh?”
Hesitantly, clearly uncomfortable at leaving another behind, but Steve is right. They had to, there are other to think about. He takes the pack to the table just as the others come down. At the bottom of the stairs Tony stops, looking at Steve who can see guilt swirling in those chocolate brown eyes. Peter silent at his side keeping a tight grip on his daddy’s hand.
“I agree with Bucky, we need to plan this properly or else this could go really wrong”
Shoving the door open Bucky moves to the side to let Steve in, Steve regrets going in the moment he sees the room. His face going bright red, the blush even extending to his ears and Bucky bets, even down to his chest.
“James…” Tony seemed to sag in relief, glad that the super solider that had saved him, was still alive and whole.
It was too soon for anything else and they were fine with that for now, but in the darkened bathroom together, they could just be.
“If you want to that is? It wouldn’t be sexual, doesn’t have to be sexual. I just want to relax together for a bit. Maybe soak in a warm bath after getting the dirt off?” Bucky tilts his head to the side and down a bit in a bashful way. At odds with his charming smile that could charm a siren to let a ship pass by.
It was ridiculous, as a group they had decided they needed to split to gather more food as they had none left. The last of it eaten yesterday and this morning for breakfast.
Making his way around to the back he gets in after doing a certain knock to warn the others that it’s him and not some stranger. Closing the door and making sure it’s not going to accidentally open, he hurries up the stairs. Not giving himself a moment to catch his own breathe. He goes straight to a room  that faces the front of the house, once passed the two sofas blocking most of the stairway, nimbly climbing over them.
“I have ideas for weapons and and small traps, I only need around half these machines to make what I need!”
“I think thats a good idea,” Natasha agrees speaking softly so to not wake Peter, “We have to be careful in case they try and use us as experiments to test any serums on, if they have any anti serums, but they usually have the best defences and security.”
Freezing, Natasha stares down at the revealed object, grief and fear crawling up her throat as her eyes seem unable to tear away from the blood splattered shield.
Detaching the shower head, Bucky quickly rinsed Tony off before returning it and gently nudges out of the way. Murmuring to Tony that he won’t take to long to wash and then Tony could get back under it.
Pulling his mind back to the present, Tony ushered his tired prodigy towards the back of the car to begin transferring some of what they got into the house they cleared last night. Happy to ignore the chatting behind him.
“Keep this, if things go bad for whatever reason, make a run for it if you can ok?” Seeing Wade about to protest he shake his head hard. “No protesting. If I can at least get you to live a little longer I will ok? Stay safe for me kiddo…”
“Yeah yeah got it”
“Let me help Doll,” Softly, Bucky murmured as he moves to get in front of Tony. Gently and slowly, so as to not alarm or startled Tony maybe, Bucky uses his good arm and hand to unbutton his shirt. Efficiently yet gently Bucky removes bit by bit. Something not many Dom’s in Tony’s experience had been willing to do.
Sing a song to kiss the dead
Snarling almost Tony takes a step closer making them back off wearily, Peter whimpering a bit. “well sorry if I’ve been given the impression Doms don’t care for subs at all unless we have some use...” Out of the corner of his eye he sees Natasha look down briefly at that.
It’s how the winter soldier would of gone about something like this.
“They must be leaving the cities, searching for more food. Would make sense if the dead aren’t finding anything in the cities anymore.” Groaning, Bucky rubs his forehead as he thinks about that.
At this moment in time, Wade could only feel numbness settling into his mind. The shock still preventing him to feel the full extent of the bite’s pain.  Above his head, he could hear Tony mumbling no over and over. Not wanting to believe this was happening.
At that both soldiers blush once they realise exactly how close they were sat. The moment almost comical if it wasn’t so damn serious right then. Almost like a light bulb going off above his head, Bucky realises why Tony tried to pull away from Steve just then. Tony remembers why he liked Barnes now, he was the smarter of the two. And frankly better survival instincts as well compared to Mr. Lemming there.
“Daddy, does that mean there will be other kids?” Peter tugged on Tony’s leg, looking up curiously. Smiling down at his son, Tony ran a hand through Peters messy curls causing him to giggle and bat at his fathers hand.
Sam and Thor had decided to take the truck with the camper van on the back to collect the group, ironically the same vehicles that they were in that started this. Clint’s dried blood still standing the footwell on the passenger side.
come scream me on tumblr! same username
“We can go on a run first thing in the morning then, Cap?” Clint asks, eyes scanning the tree lines sharply for any movement, bow at the ready but pointing down.
Movement in the corner of his eye draws Clint’s gaze to a cluster of cars, just outside of the parking lot and down the street, nearly out of sight from where he’s standing. Standing straighter, more alert than before, Clint whistle out a quiet bird call to alert the others that he’s seen something. He hears Steve pause his movements before slowly making his way out, trying to keep things casual so to not tip off whoever Clint saw that they know they are there.
The place itself its two stories high, it wide giving it an intimidating appearance as they park outside the front door. Ivy grows up the sides of the walls. Obviously, this has been here for a long while for this much to grow. The windows have already started to get grime on from the elements. It’s not been long enough for dirt to obscure the windows but they’re noticeably dusty.
I took them nearly an hour to find a car in fairly good condition still that they could use and where soon driving. Wade seemed content to continue watching the scenery as they drove the 4x4. Bucky didn’t care about the model or make, just that if needed it could drive off road as well as on and even through snow if they could keep it going that long. They stayed on the road for most of the day driving past the odd deado on the road, easily avoiding them and keep right on going on their way.
Please tell me what you thin guys, comment are what help my muse and drive me on! Come to my tumblr and send anonymous asks and messages! I won’t always be able to reply on here
“I regret what happened, We looked for you, Pepper is really good at covering tracks. I clearly underestimated her.”
The next few moments happened in what felt like slow motion. Trying to stand on the shuddering roof, that was somehow holding up by some miracle. That miracle ran out. Tony’s and Bucky’s eyes connected for a brief second, long enough for Tony to see the wild look of terror before the roof gave out, rolling along the top of the horde.
“-so I told her, not to put so much rice in the pot, but she did anyway and went off to fix the perimeter while the rest of us was collecting water and such. When she came back the rice had expanded so much that there was a tower of rice coming out of the pot! The lid on top.”
“That I am kiddo, that I am”
“Stark... call me Stark, we’re not friends Steve.” A pang of sadness hits him at that. We hadn’t wanted Tony to be kicked off the team. The anger at the time stopped him from helping Tony, now, he and the others wished they had helped.
After Wade had come in, Natasha and Clint silently slipped into the kitchen, Clint making a beeline for the coffee; glad that they had found some on their newest raids. All clean from the newly working showers, everyone looks much better after having been able to finally clean themselves properly again. Quietly, Tony makes his way to Bruce’s side who was sat next to Natasha at the table, leaning his head on her shoulder.
Them moving the table and throwing the blanket over themselves must have kicked up dust into the air, dust that was currently trying to kill him right this second.
“Clint, run back. Warn the others, especially Tony and Buck, their outside right now. Get them all into a house and stay hidden. Me and Nat will go around to the car. Go now!” Hissing his orders, outside sound can travel, especially as there’s no other sounds to drown their voices out.
Sam and Thor deciding to take Colossus and Yukio back to collect their group to bring back, Loki went to sort food, the kids following behind him bugging him to show them (or Wade asking him to teach them some magic, to which Loki scoffed and told him a flat no.) some magic. Leaving Tony, Bruce and Bucky in the corridor.
So far Wade was doing well, only a mild fever is the only symptom to manifest since the bite. Upon learning of this and that Wade had survived the night, the tension over the mansion had lifted a bit. Hope spread through them all as they passed the 12th-hour mark- the maximum anyone has seen someone hold out before.
“Hey Petey, miss me?”
“yeah, just doing the last of the carrots. All clear out there?”
The room looks like your typical sex dungeon, racks on the wall filled with various implements, all laid out carefully for use and easy to find. In the main floor areas are chairs and tables with cuffs positioned at various points. On the far end there’s a sterilising area where everything can be cleaned after use. There’s even a few chairs where spectators can sit to watch the goings on. Thankfully they were all empty but near the sterilising area, suspended in midair by ropes that’s wrapped around artfully it’s captive, is another female. She’s hanging horizontally with her belly facing the ground. Or what’s left of her belly. Her chest and stomach as torn allowing the previous insides, to hang freely and splatter the floor. Bites and chuck missing litter the rest of the body.
Once all seated, Bucky stood up to draw everyone’s attention.
Steve huffed when all he got in return was a chuckle from Bucky, that jerk knew exactly how that affected him. Their senses were much sharper than a normal Dom’s, even without the serum though, Bucky would have been able to smell how affected Steve was by his words just now.
Stammering Tony could only stare at the brunette in front of him, completely unprepared for the amount of charm that oozed off the Dom. Even Steve next to him was coughing trying to hide how affected and surprised himself he was by Bucky’s admission.  Bucky had never mentioned that. Only that he would be open to including the smaller brunette.
Tony grabs his arm grounding him for a second, the Sub pheromones enough to calm him a bit. “Have you warned Bruce and Sam” Nodding quickly Clint confirms he has. Placated, they abandon the tractor heading to an office not far behind them. Locking themselves in.
“It will do for now, we will keep an eye out for something bigger like a minibus?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The last one on the sofa is a young adult Indian man, he seems to be trying to clean a gun, following Logan’s direction who sat on the floor with Negasonic and another male. The last guy has light brown hair that would probably look blonde in the summer sun, his face is what most would consider handsome, the kind of face that would have been popular in school.
With frantic steps, the group hustle as fast and as silently as they can to hide behind a large goods lorry.
“Wade!!” Squealing and writhing to be put down, Peter dashes to Wade the moment his little feet made contact with the ground. Peter’s face split wide with a smile of pure joy at finally seeing his friend. Grinning widely, Wade manages to catch the speeding smaller body as it hurtles into him like a tiny torpedo.
“…yeah but you look sexy with the silver streaks”
“I think we take out these guys, get back to the house and ask Steve. He’s the one in charge of the group.”
“Something is on your mind. You’re distracted, a danger to us all if your not paying attention to your surroundings. So spill, what’s on your mind?” A stern look was all it took from her to cut off his immediate denials and excuses.  Thinking because, honestly how does he put all this thoughts into words?! It takes him close to 5 minutes of silence, the only sounds are leaves rustling around them from Clint’s shuffling and the wind.
--------------------------------------------
“We don’t know exactly who they are, all we know is that it’s lead by someone named Francis. It’s a large group that extends out for miles; we have no idea where their main base even is. All we know is that they attack smaller groups and take anyone they think could be useful to them somehow. We had a group follow us for days trying to take us down and steal Negasonic and Yukio; me and Colossus are too dangerous for them to attempt to try and take.”
Tell Us How;
Tony seems to be on a similar line of thought. “I’ll take Buckster with me once the storm passes to check any offices and the machince’s. Will we all fit in your truck Sam?” He groans when Sam shakes his head no. “Look’s like we will have to split in two groups, if we find fuel two of us should go back for our car.”
“We would like to invite you all to live in the same camp as us, work with us against our shared enemy. They took one of our people recently which is how we met some of you”
“I couldn’t sleep, kind of hard when in a building full of strangers...”
“Shut up and go watch Peter for me? Bruce fancy helping me tear a apart a few mor machines? We need to start preparing for a fight”
“I..you…” Tony struggled to find what to say to that, all thoughts had flown out of his head. Damn shame as well as he had worked hard on his internal speech for this very situation! But being faced with this moment for real? The genius was struggling to remember what he had mentally prepared. Looking down at his hands clasped on the table, Tony took a moment to absorb their apologies and examine his own feelings regarding this.
Leaning back into his seat, Steve watches Clint absorb what he just said, of course he wouldn’t just bring back everyone they crossed paths with, without getting a feel for them first. They had a Sub and two kids to protect right now, they couldn’t afford to bring in any unsavoury characters by accident that could pose as a threat towards them. If they had been able to send Tony and the kids to Asgard, they may have been less picky and try to save everyone but as it is, they had to be much more careful on who they took in. Steve may be optimistic but he wasn’t stupid.
They could only conclude, that this Francis had to be a new development from either the result of this current world or a new villain that hadn’t had the chance to hit their radar before all this happened. They were going in this essentially blind.
Back!! For my birthday my bestie gave me a iPad with a keyboard to properly write! Hope you enjoy this chapter and I’m not to rusty agan. Let me know what you guys think!
“Is the house safe?” Peter piped up curled into Tony’s side, at that reminder Steve sat bolt upright again.
Some days he desperately wished this was some big sick dream, that he would wake up from any moment now.
Grinning Natasha just winks at him and sips her own drink daintily. During their banter Peter wakes up yawning and rubbing his eyes accepting a small cup of juice that gets handed to him and Tony running his hand through his hair soothingly.
Tony on the drive had gotten a hold of a bat and had hammered nails in for extra hitting power against the Deado’s. and refilled all the guns as well as shared out the mag with Bruce’s help. Armed and Peter covered in protective sports padding that they had found in the last town yesterday, Steve led his group on it’s way.
Feeling better with the two Dom’s back and their warm presence surrounding him, Tony allows himself to relax finally. Exhausted from today’s stress and activities, he just wanted 10 minutes to recharge. Get his emotions back into order again.
“Is that the housing place your group stayed at?” Wade muttered as he points through the trees at a building site that was indeed where Bucky had been staying.
“Hello? Can anyone hear me? This is Tony Stark. You left this outside our gates” Taking his finger off the button, Tony listens for any reply. Static seems to fill the room as every one holds their breathe in union.
“We don’t know, the attacking group…they…they took Steve as far as we know.” Exhaling heavily Natasha finally admits to them, “we don’t know for sure how they managed to get the drop on Steve but all we found was his shield. It’s by the stairs for now.”
Dead nation coming
“I did, Doesn’t mean I want you lot here. I’m not risking Peter’s life. How do I know none of your are infected? “ Glaring his gaze jumping from one dom to the next as if daring them to try anything.
It was only an hour after they had settled into the longe; the sun slowly starting to sink in the sky meaning it was already mid-afternoon; when the super soldiers finally came back. Specks of blood till covered them here and there but they were unharmed which was the most important part.
As Bucky glanced one person to the next, he noticed the increasing tiredness everyone was showing. Even Thor and Loki looked drained and weary from the last few days, the emotional roller coasters they have all been on. Hell he didn’t know what the new comers have been facing, but he has no doubt that they had similar soul draining days and encounters.
Behind him is Clint, Natasha and Bucky, who have all been tasked in keeping watch just in case. They had somehow forgotten to check for a basement when doing their first sweep of the place. Due to the doors leading down to the basement still being locked, they were hopeful that it’s empty.
Without warning the net drops to the floor causing him to sprawl out, face mushed into the ground from the impact. With a pained groan Bucky pushes up and struggles out of the net, not liking being so vulnerable like this. Once free he rolls to his feet and settles into a defensive stance, eyes glancing around for any attacks. Hs muscles coiled, ready to spring at a moment.
“Welcome Sam” the old man nodded at him as he greeted him before turning to Thor and nods at him as well, “Thor, I am Charles Xavier. This lovely lady besides me is Al and on the end is Dophinder. On the floor here is Negasonic who I’m sure you have already met, Logan and this is Johnny. We call him Pyro”
Snorting against his own will Tony shakes his head and takes a deep breathe, maybe treat this like a band aid?
“What about when we have to run, you’ll just leave us behind, no... I don’t want that false sense of security...” At his words the group look at him with something akin to horror. Does he seriously believe they would leave him and his kid the moment this didn’t benefit them?!
Laughing, Clint shook his head as they moved over to where the boiler sat. Checking in to see if it is working. Oh, it would be bliss to have showers again.
Letting out a heavy sigh of exhaustion, Tony allows himself to fall into the last empty spot in an armchair. A hand coming up to rub at his forehead as a headache formed.
“Lets do two hour shifts each?”
Making sure that he has his knife on him Bucky kneels on the seat to open the sky light roof window, thankful for the raised car putting the roof out of reach. Lighting the flares he throws them in three different directions, drawing away several on the outskirts of the group making it less for him to fight through.
“Yeah, we put a few cans by a digger we can pick them up now” nodding satisfied Steve surveys them all. Let’s get the fuel people and get the cars going, we need to be out of here in less than 10 minutes ok?” A chorus of agreements sound back at him at his commands.
“Please don’t open any windows unless its absolutely dark in here, I don’t want to attract any attention to the house ok? Use the candles or oil burners at low light to light one room at a time, or carry a candle with you ok?”
“We need someplace that’s completely secure and easy to fortify from the dead. Some place we can leave people behind in and be sure that they will be safe.” Bucky played with a butterfly knife idly as he looked at Steve.”I’m not sure what’s in this area and even if we did we don’t know what’s overrun or what’s destroyed”
“That will do I guess... you remember that back when we were a team? Back on the hellicarrier? When we...fooled around after that argument?” Blushing faintly Tony rubs the back of his neck awkwardly looking down at his feet. Grinning a bit Steve nods. “I do yeah.” Pausing, Steve looks up sharply suddenly. Is Tony saying what he thinks he’s saying?...
Tony feels like his ears have been stuffed with cotton as the world mutes around him, his vision becomes tunnelled as he tears out of the front doors that have been left wide open by the Dom’s before him. He was faintly aware of his own mouth moving, but couldn’t hear his own words as he ran to the car, the Dom’s already ripping through the Deado’s. Bruce, on the other side of the car, is just barely holding onto his control. He yanks the Deado that is halfway into the car and is snapping its teeth way to close to Wade’s face.
Turning, Natasha sees a man that seems to be made entirely of metal and standing at 6 ft 7 tall- roughly. At his side is a Japanese teenage girl who looks tiny next to the metal guys bulk, her face appears friendly and open as she smile at the, her dark hair with a washed out purple/pin ends is pulled up into a tight high pony tail. They both stood about 4 feet away to give them space but still be heard. The man that had spoken had a Russian accent, mentally Natasha went over her memories and recalled a file on a guy who’s description fits this one in front of her.
Wade’ face was pale, practically drained of colour as he clung to Tony’s shirt. The knife having been dropped moments ago.
Sighing Steve turns back to the empty, desolate street in front of him. He needed to focus right now. Maybe once they could settle somewhere for a few days, he and Tony could try and mend some bridges.  For now they needed to focus on getting somewhere safe first and hopefully find Bucky again.
Tony allowed his gaze to wander around the quiet room, all of them reluctant to make this worse. Tony’s eyes fall on the nervous form of Bruce Banner. An idea forming in his mind instantly that would solve a lot of things for them.
“Morning already? God I feel like I’ve been hit by a train…” Mumbling to himself Tony rubs a hand over his beard and hair. Oh god what he would give for a razor and grooming kit. His hair hangs in his eyes at the worst of times, and he misses his once prized van dyke beard. With the precise lines and shapes that took years to perfect and grow.
“That sounds as good as any” Steve gave Tony a shy smile, he nearly fist pumped when he saw Tony’s lips twitch before he moved to the table to check on Peter.
The journey takes them two days, this is mostly from having to track down more fuel and check out some caravans.to be attached to the back of the truck. So far the ones they have found have been damaged in a way they can’t fix or infested by large groups that they have simply left it behind.
Steve looks at Bruce and Bucky for their thought, both nodding to Nat’s idea.
“We have to, I can’t really leave him in here by himself while I show you guys around. So yes, he will be with us.” Next to him Peter cheered at that and beams before shovelling in the last of his eggs into his still mostly full mouth. “Ew, Petey! Swallow the first lot first! Honestly it’s like I raised an animal!”
“Yay!” Grinning, Tony pats the top of the large generator fondly. “Good girl sweetie, that’s better huh? I’ll make you better soon, promise”
Hands tightening into fists, it took every ounce of self control to force himself to stay still. To stay crouched on the floor on his hands and knees, Clint sat in front of him, looking to barely even breathing. Above him, Bucky’s warm presence helped to ground him. Keep him from trying to run out of the building and putting them all in severe danger.
Sam was never so happy before in his life to see the drive and gates that lead to the mansion, drawing close to the gates, he pulled to a stop letting Thor off to open the gates.
There, soft and barely noticeable is the sound of snarling. Rolling his shoulders, the Sub peeked in to see a weak looking Deado make to way to the flashing ball. The legs are missing off of the Deado. It’s then that Tony notices a wheelchair that’s been knocked to the floor by the window. The Deado was an old elderly lady, from the old sickeningly overripe fruit scent that fills the room. An old Sub.
“Jesus fuck Bucky” coughing uncomfortably, face bright red as images again sprang to his mind, making his body heat up in both arousal and discomfort. “Now isn’t really the time to be talking about things like that jerk.”
“It could be, some of the ones we fought looked familiar”
Grinding his teeth in irritation, Tony eventually lowers his hand and nods at Sam. He will listen for now.
Everyone in the room has practically sagged in silent relief at Wade being ok, but it leaves a big question to be answered. How was it he was able to survive?
Standing with a sigh of relief, Steve looks over his fellow companions. Each of them dirty from rough living, suits and armour looking worn and ill maintained, being on the run has prevented them from checking their gear over. Bucky’s arm aches and spasms every now and again. Enough to cause a worry should they have to confront any enemy. The group is made up of entirely of domiants, meaning their stronger than switches or subs but sheer strength won’t be enough anymore. Good for Protection, but they need others, Switches that have skills in building or farming. Anything that could benefit the team. At least Bruce knows how to make bullets. That is if they find the right factory equipment to make them.
“I say, think it over carefully, is this guy the type to help? Or would he leave you and Peter to struggle despite knowing? Is he someone you can rely on to protect Peter with his life should it come to it? Think this over very carefully. I wish I could give you better advice...but thats all I can give you”
“No buts Pete, you need to sleep it’s getting late. You too Wade ok? Do you want to take the hoody off? I can try and clean it for you”
Panicking now a quick glance shows that the barricade goes on for some way both ways. Hearing the dead behind him clambering over the logs and bushes, gaining ground with each precious second he spends waiting there. Steeling himself he takes a run at the spikes, planning to try and climb over it when he’s suddenly being swept off his feet.
Tony never thought he would welcome the day where he could still sink into a sub drop.
“I’m not sure, my original plan is too risky with the kids.” Rubbing his face Steve racked his brains for any ideas. To the left, Sam pulled out a map humming thoughtfully as he calmly looks it over. Searching for anything that could be useful on it.
“It is a shame indeed”
Walking to the front door, Steve carefully opens it holding his shield up and a gun at his side as they enter the house. Inside looks like any other home, furniture clean, tv on a stand facing the sofa. In a corner is a pile of children’s toys, of building blocks and stuffed animals, on a small shelf are some books. Oh god he hopes the child isn’t here...
Swallowing nervously Tony wrung his hands, eyes flitting between the two god.
(See the end of the chapter for
Feeling eyes on him, Tony looked him with a small frown to see that it’s Steve, looking at him like he badly wants to say something, but isn’t sure if he should or can. After a few moments watching the struggle on the blondes face, sighing Tony clicks his fingers to get Steve’s attention fully.
“Bucky! Is it safe now?”
Quiet falls on them again as they put the food into a pot to cook on the camping gear. Crossing his arms over his chest Steve chewed his lip in thought as he looked at the toddler, an idea came to him.
“Daddy, can I see Wade soon?” Peter poked at his powered eggs that Sam had found in one of his bags that morning. Peter’s appetite wasn’t great at the moment, missing Wade has greatly affected it the past few days.
“I’d hug you but er, your finally clean of dirt but I’m still covered and I don’t want to get you dirt already” grinning bashfully, Steve started to undress his top layers and left them in a pile near the door to deal with later. “I see you got the generator and boiler going through baby, thank you,”
"10 more bites Tyler."
"I'm going home." The soldier replies. "I'm sorry." He offers no further explanation before getting in his car and speeding off.
"I did it again." I mumble.
"I know but, I miss her. I miss all of them."
Cause it's late and your mama don't know,
"And you're." I fade off, holding up my jacket so he can see the Stark Industries logo on the side. he chuckles to himself.
Nat jumps up and joints him on the sofa, leaving me standing on the floor on my own. She begins acting out the part of Big nose the same way that Clint did.
I didn't say much for the rest of the week. Barely leaving my room. And only doing so when I was commanded by Steve. I sent off the letter. None of them knew. Everyone's really stressed at the minute. My mom decided to take my dad's to court, Pete's been patrolling every night, Clint and Natasha are being sent on more missions every week, Wanda has locked herself in her room because everyone's emotions are too much for her, Bucky and Sam are trying to play peace keepers, Bruce had to leave to avoid stress, Thor was still in Asgard and Loki. Loki was the only one that seemed to remember my existence. He noticed I was never at dinner so he brought my meals up to me. I didn't eat them though. I haven't eaten in a while. A white envelope sits in front of me, my name written in that handwriting I know too well. I can't bring myself to open it. For opening it means betraying my dad's. A knock on the door breaks me out of my trance.
"So do I. so what now? We just take her to Conrad and say we want this one?"
Airport, Germany.
"Okay so tell me if there's anything you guys want to add or want to be modified slightly." We nod in understanding and he produces a list of neatly written lines. Peter skins over it and looks horrified and passes it to me when he finished. I couldn't believe my eyes.
"Done." Wanda announces as she straightens up. "Nat, you start on her hair, I'll carry on with the outfit search." I sigh as I think about my hair. It's grown out again and with the three different internships I've got going on (Pepper, Tony and now Natasha) along with school, assignments and homework, I've not got around to cutting it again. Maybe..
"Clint you've had a long day, we won't hold it against you if you can't get it up." The archer tries to lift the hammer but fails.
"I'm not a Lady, Thor." I snap. "I'm gender fluid." The room falls silent.
Just much less touchy-feely
"About time." Peter jokes as I meet them in the lobby. I stick the tongue out at my older brother. Dad sighs.
"Yeah, right here, straight on then a left to the gate." I answer mot shifting my gaze. Peter follows my instructions and soon enough we're pulling up in front of the huge gate. I lean out of the window and place my thumb onto the scanner, allowing the AI to recognise it.
Tell me why
"Umm okay. My name's Blake Elizabeth Way, I'm 13 years old. Umm what else would you like to know?"
And say sweet nothin's like you used to coo
"Don't you dare speak to us like that."
"You've got nothing to be sorry for Buck. I can't begin to imagine what they did to you and no one is expecting you to just forget it. I understand that it's going to take time and you need to understand that you're not doing this along. You've got me, my dad, Papa, Pete, all of the avengers. But what were you dreaming about?" We were sat on the bed now, his flesh hand in mine. He squeezed my hand tightly.
"Go team."
"Tony. Move it. Happy's got this." Dad turns around to face mom.
"No, he's got work, said he'd stop by later though." Before the brown haired teenager could reply, Steve places a plate in front of us both. A waffle with a berry face. I look up at him with a smirk.
"Night Tiger." He kisses my forehead a final time and leaves the room. Steve smiles at me and repeats the same thing he did less than 4 hours ago; tucking me in and kissing my head.
She's got a dream
"Tyler! What the hell?"
"Nat!" I yell as I jump. She catches me in her arms and spins me around before placing me softly on my feet.
"Bwooklyn." She says through her fingers. I smile.
Yep, I'd rather be called deadly
"Say no more. And I love the name for it. Wait right here. I'll be 5 minutes tops." She kisses my head and leaves the room. I look at my reflection in the mirror. Yikes. True to her word, Natasha was knocking on the door again within minutes. I gratefully accept the box she hands to me and do my business before stepping out into my room where she was stood waiting with a bag in her hand. She shoves the bag into my hands with a smile.
"Done sir, they should be delivered tomorrow."
Getting out, the group gathered by the cars looking up at the building for any signs of trouble.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Get in the car!!” diving into the driver’s seat he turns the engine revving it to life as the spy twins make a run and jump into the back just about as Steve reverses trying to avoid the horde thats getting really close. To close, Natasha just about shuts the door as the first few get to the car banging on the windows. In the back somewhere Steve hears the frightened wails of Peter as he floors the pedal, sending the car jolting forward; knocking back several dead that tried to surround the car; getting frown around a bit in the back from the car driving over bodies.
“Not one hint! Not one word all these years! I had a son all this time Nat, and not once did he seem like he was going to tell me! If we hadn’t of come across them that day- stumbled and stayed at that farm. If we had carried on? My son could be dead and I would have never known!” Tears prick at corners of his eyes, squeezing them tight, the tears stream down. The pain spoken words had taken them by surprise but the tears had stumped them. They have never seen Steve this torn up over something. Not once had he ever cried in front of them. Never lost his cool enough to. He was usually so composed and focused.
“Ok…so Irondale or Alton kiddo? I’m thinking Irondale…”
Outside the mansion gates, the sun sunken halfway down the sky with night quickly approaching, a Deado shuffles along the path- It’s mind focused solely on finding it’s next meal. It doesn’t care how far it needs to walk or what it even finds, it just wants fresh warm meat from a still heart-beating body. Jaw hanging loose as rotting skin started to peel and fall apart exposing bone and rotting muscles; how the dead could still walk and move despite the state of their bodies, was one of the many mysteries of the Deado’s.
“She was, Colossus tried hard to salvage the rice! It wasn’t the best meal but it wasn’t to bad either. Professor Charles since then had taken to doing cooking lessons with her every now and again, hoping to try and avoid that situation again”
Doing a quick knock incase anyone was inside, Bucky entered the house and called out softly knowing if Steve was here, he would hear him. With no answer Bucky knew they had moved on without him. That’s fine, he knows the plan from before.
“You know what? I’m don’t want to know where that came from…”
Nodding in approval, Tony agreed it was a good a plan as any. Bucky who had moved to perch on the arm of the chair Tony is sat on rubbed at his jaw scratching the stubble there.
Luckily the machinery area isn’t to far, the building estate thankfully small. Ahead he can see Tony's mop of slightly curled hair behind a tractor. Must be trying to get the fuel out of it. With renewed sense of urgency he skids to a stop by them. Making them jolt in surprise, Bucky already halfway through pulling Tony behind him be fore he realised it was Clint.
Taking calming breathes, absorbing the comforting smell and presence from the Dom at his side, Tony clasps the device in his hands resting in his lap. Tony is going mad being in this place, no suit to fly to bust Steve out from where ever he’s being held. So many times Steve has helped him on this journey and protected him and Peter, Tony hates the feeling of helplessness that he is experiencing right now.
“I believe you Tony” softly Steve assured him, a hand reaching out but stops just short from touching Tony’s own as Steve looks up at him, asking him with his eyes if he can touch. Hesitantly, Tony reaches out a hand and lets Steve take a hold of his own. Oddly enough taking comfort from the contact. Bucky look at their hands in what Tony thinks is longing when he spots the look on his face.
Groaning, Bucky cracks his neck and rubs at the sore muscles, turning to Sam to bid him goodnight, just wanting to go to bed and drag Tony finally away from his project frenzy with Bruce. He pauses when he sees the worried look on Sam’s face, biting his bottom lip as he plays with something in his pocket.
From the sunroom doors that lead to the inner main building, Natasha and Sam burst through, eyes lookin around almost frantically before spotting them all outside.
Dophinder seemed to be the one in charge of watching Al as he helped her into the camper with the others. Most bags being thrown into the back of the truck so that everyone could fit into the camper.
Mentally cursing, Tony told his brain to stop it. Taking deep breathes he forced himself to calm down. Thinking about what-ifs wasn’t going to help him now.
“Well they get a cool boat and explore the ocean! Think pirates get to see whales?”
Later on, out in the gardens, Thor sat in the bamboo den with the two kids playing some kind of game. Loki, Bucky and Steve stood nearby listening to Tony explain his and Bruce’s conversation from that morning, Sam was sat next to Tony on a bench facing the three standing Dom’s. None looked to happy to take Tony out in a potentially deadly situation, but none could dispute Tony’s statement that none of them even remotely knew what to look for.
“Nay, Heimdell must remain at his post unless the current king orders him away. He knew we would call upon him soon. Something is wrong there.” Thor told them sombrely, he made eye contact with Loki and seemed to have an entire silent conversation.
“Why don’t we just attach a small caravan onto the truck?” The question came from Bruce, who up until then had seemed content to stay quiet. Surprised, Steve nods slowly at that suggestion. It’s a good suggestion as well. It wouldn’t really require any extra fuel to run, many people can hide in it as they go from point A to B. Or the group could sleep in it should they need to.
“Tony, I could give you so many excuses for my behaviour but…that’s not what’s important. My excuses don’t justify so we- I, left you to deal with the shield council and fury by yourself. Though I admire that you kept it a secret from even them. “ Steve gave a rueful smile at the bittersweet memory. “I…I reacted badly to the reveal Tony. I took it to personal, Bucky got my head on straight after smacking me across the head a few times to get me to see that.”
His chest squeezed painfully at the thought of all the tine he had missed with them. Things had gotten out of control fast while he was out of the loop, back at the beginning of all this. After the reveal of Tony’s sub gender he had felt betrayed and deceived. He had only jut woken up a few week ago from his ice sleep after all, only to find his best friend still alive.
They’re here.
“Who’s an animal?” in the doorway, stood the rest of the group slowly shuffling inside of the kitchen. Yawning widely Clint sat next to Bucky and rubs his eyes, sniffing he catches the scent of coffee and his mouth practically drools as he looks at Bucky’s cup. “I don’t suppose there’s...?”
It was difficult for Tony, sitting in dark pressed tight to Bucky. His mind kept going to his baby, was Peter safe? Seconds crawled by in agony as he listened attentively to the sounds of the deado’s outside stumbling about. Seemingly in no hurry to move on. Some must have found some wildlife nearby for the whole group to hang around.
“We should find shelter, a storm is heading out way, we shouldn’t be out by trees...” concerned Steve looks at his weary group. “Clint quick climb a tree and do a quick sweep for some form of shelter”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Taking a deep breathe, Tony tenses before leaping across the gap, pulling his legs up high to avoid being grabbed. Reaching out he makes a grab for the side of the truck and just about manages it. Relief washes over him as he and Clint climb into the back of the truck that’s safe from the dead below. Looking back out Tony grins at Bucky.
“Ok, we will have to clear this sections by sections. Half bottom floor and a half on the top. Check every room, we have about 5 hours left of daylight. So lets clear this place by nightfall.?” Steve instructs the group turning to look at them all as he speaks.
Tony had never been so relieved to see a Dom in his life than he was that moment. His legs shaking from his own adrenaline staring to recede now that the danger is past, Tony would have vaulted over and kissed Steve if he had the strength. Opting instead to grin weakly, Tony nodded.
“We kind of had a planetary crises ourselves. Loki helped me!” Beaming happily up a his brother, Thor walks towards the building. “Loki come down! It’s friend Bucky!”
Determined, Tony looks around at the others for their opinions, though he is pleased when he gets looks of  agreement in return.
“Well, yeah I mean Wade is ok- I mean fuck Steve; Wade is the first to survive a bite from a Deado that we know of! I’m not as smart as Tony or Bruce to properly geek out over it, and we can’t work out the how or why until we get this machine stuff back to the mansion. So my brain is focusing on what I’m good at” smirking, Bucky scanned the streets and buildings, unable to help but feel like they are being watched. But he couldn’t sense anyone, it was unnerving and frustrating for the former Winter Soldier.
“I can tell you have a question, so just say it and get it over with.”  Gulping but nodding, relaxing a bit Steve looks at Peter shyly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve you had no idea-“
“We’re pirates Wade!” Laughing, Wade nods and bumps their shoulders playfully together when shouting could be heard from inside the building. Dropping the fence post and tools, Bucky, Loki and Thor quickly move towards Tony and the kid. Taking up a defensive position incase the shouting isn’t from anyone friendly.
Tony felt a spark start inside of him as he gently yet calmly extracted himself from Bucky’s steel grasp but kept one of his hands in Bucky’s. Eyes dark and thunderous as Tony clenched his other hand into a tight fist, moving towards the tall metallic Dom. Stopping not far from him, neck craning up to look him in the eye not showing an ounce of submission, Tony speaks; voice hard yet calm- the voice of iron man.
"Shit." I mutter under my breathe. "Umm Nat?" I yell, hoping my voice will carry through the house. When I hear nothing in return I groan. "Jarvis?"
"Let's make a deal; you tell us what your dream was about and will kick Clint out and you can come and sleep with me. Deal?"
"Does Papa know?" I ask. He shakes his head.
He brings a gun to school
"You're welcome." I swat his arm with my hand, standing up and pulling off my hoodie.
"You're right. I was fighting a caped badass but then we found out his mom was called Martha too."
"Papa, he said a bad language word." Steve sighs.
"Of course we did kiddo. Stark's getting hitched."
So why don't you love me like you used to do?
"I can't tell them. I don't. I don't know what to do Wanda." She says nothing and just holds me as I cry, shushing me softly.
"I totally second that opinion Ty." Mom says, raising her drink in my direction.
"Tony she had 7, lay off. You'll have desert won't you Tyler."
"Not a damn thing. But never say never." I lean back and both of us burst out laughing.
"Thank fuck it's Friday." I yell as I stand up, ignoring the glare that the teacher gives me.
"Well, this is fun but I better go and get ready." I turn to leave but a voice stops me in my tracks.
"This wont do. It's so last season and it really doesn't go with that outfit." I just sit there dumbfounded.
Why don't you spark me like you used to do
"PARTY TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
And daddy, please forgive me for the drinks spilled on the floor
"Why so scared прекрасный?" She asks, her native language coming out. I straighten up and stand my ground.
Her name is Noelle
"You don't have to go Kid. You can stay home if you'd like. I can teach you here." I think about his offer before shaking my head.
"Pizza." All 5 of us say at the same time.
"Hey Tiger."
"Bye Tyler." Is all I heard as I walked away.
You can count me with the dreamers
'Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby
"Liz Allen, level 1." Everyone went through the scanner, Jarvis repeating the same thing over and over until it came to us. MJ decided to go first.
"You guys are losers." MJ says.
And grotesquely optimistic
"You're going on medication." Papa clarifies.
"What did you say to me that day in the waiting room? You said that I was important to you and that you promise you'll always be there. And guess what? I needed you. As in past tense. And you weren't there. That's another promise down the drain. I needed you that day when I was walking home after anyone forgot to pick me up. I needed you when that guy dragged me into that alley. I fucking needed you but you weren't there. I finally come home and nobody noticed that I'd been gone for 3 hours longer than I should've been. I could have been fucking killed because you weren't there. Where were you?" I couldn't stop the tears streaming down my face as I thought about that day. Nat gathers me in her arms as I just keep repeating the same question.
"Okay, one time, Aunt May went to work and left us with uncle Ben I was about 5 and Pete was 6. He tried for about an hour to get me and Pete into the dresses May had picked out, so he left us with the next door neighbour and ran to the charity shop near the apartment. He brought two pairs of boys jeans and two t shirts. We put those on form that point onwards they started noticing especially in that one, that we weren't ordinary girls. Pete changed his name, I changed mine. They excepted us as their nephews instead of nieces. Until when I was 7, I started to become more girly, one day I'd wear some Demin shorts and a dinosaur t shirt, climbing trees just like Pete then the next, I was wearing a princess dress with absolutely no drive to go and run about outside. Almost like I was a completely different person." Just as I finished my story the door burst open, showing a very sweaty Steve. Tony glares at him as I just bite my lip in apprehension. Everyone seems to be giving him dirty looks by how he's not making eye contact with anyone.
"Well, I've always been more on the tomboyish side. I think it was when I moved in with Peter's aunt and uncle. Me and Pete used to. No I can't tell you that. He'll Kill me. But that's when I really started pushing gender boundaries. I got my name changed to Tyler but if anyone asked I just said it brought back too many memories. They didn't really mind, they were just happy I was happy." I finish my speech smiling down at my meal, Steve was right. I hope they're proud of me.
To the ones who never left me
"Wade, MJ, Happy is going to drop you home once you've finished breakfast so you can change and grab you things so no need to worry." I roll my eyes. Trust Papa to think that either of them are worrying about their school supplies. I pull the cereal out of the cupboard along with 4 bowls, pouring one for each of us as dad cuts up some fruit and puts it on a plate. I give everyone a filled bowl, placing the milk and fruit in the centre of the bar.
"That's bullshit! I know what's in my best interest and chemicals aren't that."
"Pepper, if you'd like to share your vows."
"Don't thank me Tyler, this is what family does. Now dry your eyes, me and you are going to have a sleepover tomorrow, I've already cleared it with your dads so don't worry. I just need you to tell me what sort of movies and food you like." My smile widens at her words. I've never had a sleepover before.
"This used to be one of my favourites when I was younger." I explain, opening the book and diving into the first chapter, smiling wider when the timid figure curls into my side, just as engrossed in the book as I am. I finish the lengthy chapter and stare down at the girl.
"Let's get this show on the road bitches."
"Tell me Mr and Mr Stark-Rogers, why do you think it's in Tyler's best interest for her to stay with you?" Steve answers.
"I grant custody of Tyler-Kai Logan Stark-Rogers to, Antony Edward and Steven Grant Stark-Rogers." I hold my face in my hands as sobs rip from me, I throw my arms around my dad's as my tears soak the shoulders of their suits. They don't seem to care though as they pull me tighter. But the judge isn't finished.
"I love you Tiger."
"I'm happy for you kid. Plus, now your mom owes me $20."
"You got homework to do?" I nod.
And daddy, please forgive me for the drinks spilled on the floor.
There's a child behind it dreaming
"So, Ty, you got in a fight?" He asks. I shake my head.
"What do you mean?" Is she thinking about taking me away from dad and papa? I just got here.
"Oh yeah right. Well you've met Brooklyn. How old are you Brookie?" The woman asks the girl.
"No." I hear Dad snigger from beside me.
Momma, I'm so sorry I'm not sober anymore
"Oh kid. I know it's not been easy recently but that's going to change okay. Papa's just being an idiot. I promise I'm going to help you okay."
Like all you lovely folks, I've got a dream
"I'm doing better Stevie." His voice was deep but comforting almost. Dad also stood to greet the man, grasping his hand in a tight shake as they glared at each other.
"You ready? Oh, here let me help." She guides me to sit on the edge of the bed and kneels behind me, reaching for something on the bedside table. "It's a detangling brush. Should help get through these knots." I nod and she begins moving it gently through my hair, trying not to hurt me. Once finished she runs her fingers through it slowly.
"Nat's." I answer simply, stepping between the metal doors, waving as they close.
"Hello Lily-Anne." My mother greets my worker before turning to me.
"That's something you should ask them yourself Little Bird. Is that all that's on your mind?" I shake my head.
By the time I'd finished reading, there was no stopping the tears as they rolled down my face. Neither of us spoke a word. Neither of us dared. Wanda stood abruptly, moving to kneel in front of me.
"We'll talk in the morning. Good night sweetheart." I grumble a response as he leaves.
"Thank you." I whisper in her ear. She pulls away confused.
"Where is she?" I ask him, looking around for the third person I was looking forward to seeing.
"What they don't know can't hurt them." Before he can reply he's cut off by Natasha.
"Move it Tiger. Nat's here already." That's all the motivation I need as I sprint to the living room, going straight for the slim woman who has now adopted me as her niece.
"Yeah. I'm sure I'll be fine, just overthinking is my unofficial middle name." I joke earning a chuckle from him.
"My makeup. Will you come and help me please?" She doesn't look convinced but follows me to my room nonetheless. When we get there she stands with her back to the closed door, arms folded.
"What are you scared of Tiger?"
"Will do." I pull my Stark tablet out of my bag and begin scrolling through some documents that need completing until the device was ripped out of my grasp.
"Dad, Papa, this is my boyfriend, Wade. Wade, these are my dad's." They shook hands and said no more. I walked over to Pete and MJ as Dad was grilling Wade for every detail about himself.
Ooh yeah, dirt bag
And he doesn't give a damn about me
"Two please." Everyone says causing Natasha to chuckle.
Tanned and rested and alone
"Yes thank you Jarvis. What time is it?"
"I was never given a lot of food. I went weeks without eating when I was younger and Conrad used to use it as a punishment; depriving you of food so my appetite isn't really as good as it should be." I explain most of it and my dadsmy dad's look at me in thought. Tony looks straight into my blue orbs.
"Bye. Love you."
"Ha! I knew Penis and Scarry were lying!! You wouldn't be able to get a job here if you both offered to suck him off." I looked at Flash, my eyes deadly again.
The five of us sat down at our usual table after grabbing lunch form the cafeteria. MJ, Pete and Ned all got pizza, Wade got fries and I just got a bottle of water. Wade holds a fry in front of my mouth.
7.   Tell us when you need help.
"You'll be fine Tyler, you don't need any makeup to make you beautiful."
"I mean are you okay with all of this? I mean me and your dad getting married."
"What song?" I ask my boyfriend, despite already knowing the answer.
"I, umm, I hang out with my brother, Peter, a lot. We do more or less everything together. I love to build, I'm really into science and technology and stuff. I love music and art. I umm helped Pete make that robot they're working on. Oh reading as well. I love to read. It's my escape from reality. As well as writing. Sometimes I go and just sit somewhere with a beautiful view, write a description of it and then draw it. Umm, I really like animals. I used to have a dog called Thunderstruck, like the AC/DC song. I just realised that I've not stopped talking and now I'm going to. Yeah." Steve sits there with a massive grin on his face, patting the spot next to him. I feel comfortable enough to sit that close now so I do as he asks. He strikes up a conversation about books and I tell him some of my favourites and he tells me his. We talk for a long time, I'm not really sure how long but our talk is only stopped by a knock on my door.
"It's this right here isn't it?" Peter asks, breaking the silence.
Mama.
"Hey. You ready to go." She pulls away and I nod, running into the kitchen, picking up my bag and Lily. Steve and Tony are talking to Nat so I go and hug Pete first.
"No problem dipshit."
"Jarvis, where is everyone?" I ask the AI.
Our song is the way you laugh,
"Umm, Clint, you, my bed, Steve, the door."
"Can I have some please?" I ask. He looks at me confused so I gesture to the coffee maker in his hand. Realisation spreads across his face and he nods his head.
"Yes Ma'am." We chorus, following the now barefoot archer out to the car. This is going to be a mad week.
"Want to tell me what's going on?" He asks shifting his position slightly.
"They're all stressed about the court case. My mom's really close to getting visitation rights. Who've thought her new husband was a lawyer right?" I finish with a humourless laugh.
"Pete. How?" I ask, trying not to laugh. He scratched the back of his head.
Rules.
"Wade Wilson, Level 6. Welcome back Wade."
"So you pair nervous for the finals?"
"What the hell is your problem?" I ask Natasha once we're in the car. She sighs, closing her eyes and gripping the wheel.
"Hey Doll, God you've grown up. How old are you now?"
"Would you like to come with me?" I ask. She nods. "Okay." She stands up and I hold my hand out for her to grab which she does with barely any hesitation. 'Good, she trust me this much.' I walk over to the crafts table and pull out 2 tiny chairs, gesturing for her to sit in one and I occupy the other. I grab a piece of paper and a crayon and begin to write out the alphabet.
"Hey kids,." Dad says once he pulls away. "Honey, come see who it is." He yells inside while giving MJ a small hug as well.
"Hey Pete. Sorry about that bro. are you going to be okay?" he nods and wipes his eyes, giving me a hug. The teacher glares down at me.
"Go get dressed. We'll leave in 10." I cockily salute her and all but run to the room I was occupying for the day. Opening my bag I sigh at the clothes I had, an AC/DC shirt and a ripped pair of leggings, both from my days at the orphanage. I change none the less and throw my MIT hoodie over the top, shoving my feet into my converse. I'm busy running my fingers through my unkempt hair when Natasha peeks her head around the edge of my door.
"Goodnight my little song. I'm so glad you agreed to coming today."
"It was you." I glare at him. "You're the one that did this to me." Tear stream down my face as I lift my shirt to show him my mark. He's crying too.
"Goodnight, Tyler. I really do hope you're happy here." He leaves, leaving a small crack in the door so there's some light getting in, probably so I can find them if I need them. I hug the sheets around my body and my hand rests on something soft. I pull it up so I can examine it. It's a toy tiger. I laugh under my breath and hold it close to my chest. It's soft fur tickling my nose as I cuddled it, holding it tightly until I fall asleep. And I must say, the best nightsnight's sleep I've had in a while.
"Can I help you, gentlemen?" She queries kindly, like nothing had happened. Like they hadn't just walked in on her trying to strangle a child. Pete ran in passed them and skidded to a halt when he saw me. He wrapped his arms around me and reminded me to breathe.
"Tyler!" He yells simply. It was enough though as the person he was looking at disappeared from out of sight. The hero looked around, confused as to where they had gone. A hand touches his shoulder and he jumps, letting a surprised Yelp escape his mouth as he turns to face his attacker. He comes face to face with a girl. Blonde hair framing her small face, her big blue eyes standing out against her pale tone, a smirk dancing across her dainty lips as she folds her arms.
"I'll see you in the morning Ty, I'm taking you shopping. Goodnight. Sleep well."
"Don't thank me okay? We want to help Blake, we want to help you and Lexie. So would you like to come home with us?" She nods frantically into my shoulder.
"Yes dear." He's whipped.
I'm malicious, mean and scary
"Nervous. How's your mom?"
"Look Tones, I've got a fan!!!" We both laugh at the way he said it as he disappears yet again, returning this time with some actual clothes for me to change into in his hands. I take them from him and set them down on the pillows behind me. Steve comes over and sits on the other side of me, running his hands softly through the ends of my hair. I knew where this conversation was going. And I didn't like it. Tony sighs.
"Those two men saved my life. I owe them my life for that. I love them so much. Thank you. All of you. Really." I turn away and hear the cheers and applause. I run into my dads' arms, crying into their shoulders.
"Yes you can." Tony announces simply. "We would like the papers for these two." He gestures to me and Peter as he says that. Conrad stands there with her mouth open.
"We'll only be a few floors apart if you need my Ty, you've got your phone so you can call any of us. Nat won't let them hurt you. I promise." I nod my head against his shoulder. This is the first time in more or less 10 years we're spending the night apart, even if it is by a couple of floors.
