“Whatcha thinkin’ about?” Dean chuckled as she realized he was staring.
“Ugh, please, it’s Gabe, and I was wondering how someone that’s so young can be so good at making drinks?” He asked winking and giving him a dumb, doe-eyed face.
(816) 493-2722 [hom safe deeeen]
“You got everything? We won’t be home until tomorrow.”
“Lisa…it’s okay.”
“Dean’s smile faded quickly before he responded.” Actually, no. He’s been pretty good lately. Sam and I are out of the house most of the time to avoid that sort of this happening. The scars are fading too. I have Sam put the medicine on them all the time. I think I’m old enough now that he will just punch and kick me, anything more is too much effort.” Dean vented, looking at anything but Bobby as he spoke. “At least he doesn’t smoke in the house anymore though.” Dean tried his best to play it off, holding his upper arm.
“What if I want to get a quesadilla?!” His brother quickly responded.
"Shut up.” Sam sighed. “Why didn't you text?”
“No, no, I saw that, what’s on your stomach Dean? Not another grease burn.” His eyebrows furrowed
“Oh yes, my heart could barely handle it.” Dean feigned lovesickness.
“We studied hard right? Honors pre-calc is about to be our bitch.” Dean held his hand up for their secret handshake.
“Hi Dean! My baby brother here was telling me how you’re his student?” The brunette who now had a name asked him this seemingly simple question, yet he felt like there was a trick or a trap or something.
“Yeah, that doesn’t sound too bad. One day when neither of us has practice and you don’t have work…” She trailed off, smiling. None of those things ever happen all on the same day. Dean laughed at her smile and he felt happy. Lisa was not only his girlfriend most of sophomore year, but she was also someone who knew Dean and everything he went through, which was rare to come around these days.
“I am legally obliga-“
The process was slow, but worth it, Benny really tore into him last night and he did not want a repeat of that. He let out a deep breath, being as quiet as possible when he bottomed out. The button for it to turn on was on the bottom, the setting was a low vibrating so it sent waves of pleasure through him without even moving. He had to stop himself from letting out a moan loud enough to Sam up, what came out was a muffled moan and his hips jerked up into his hand.
Castiel’s eyebrows didn’t budge. “Take off your shirt, let me see.”
Castiel walked back into the classroom to see Dean sitting in his desk chair twirling around absent-mindedly, picking at something on his hand. “Dean,” he jumped out of his trance and looked at his teacher
“Anyway, 31 isn’t that old, plus he’s kinda cute.”
“Earth to Dean, are you in there?” She asked, waving her hand in front of his eyes. He cracked a smile and looked up at her with bright green eyes.
Benny’s smirked returned as Dean repeatedly slammed his prostate and let out a string of obscenities. Benny pulled Dean down to kiss him with lots of tongue and biting. He moved to his collarbones and shoulders and left a few purple marks that Dean would have to cover up with make up so his teachers didn’t see. Why was he thinking about his teachers— scratch that, teacher— while riding his friend’s insanely good dick?
“Oh no! I love the subject, you’re a great teacher too, so passionate, I’m so thankful.” Dean blushed quickly.
After the bell rang Dr. Finnerman passed out the tests to pass back. He gave some basic directions and said “After you turn in your tests, please take the homework for tomorrow that is in a stack next to the basket.” Lucky for Dean he sat next to Kevin Tran, the smartest kid in school. He and Charlie studied extra hard Friday though, so he probably would not need help.
Dean was always the first person on the field and the last player off, even before he made captain. He loved the sport, but his teammates often left the field a mess. The custodian was getting ready to lock the ‘Boy’s’ entrance to the locker rooms.
“What’s up?” Sam called back from the kitchen. He knew well enough by now not to argue when Dean called him by that nickname even if it did make him sound like a little kid.
“Yes Dee, I think I might have Jessica come over.” Sam slipped in her name quietly, hoping Dean would not notice. He did, but he let it slide.
While Cas was objectively attractive, Dean had always focused on people his own age. Dean decided right there that he would have to get to know this guy before he put both of their positions on the line. His teacher proved to have a good heart and was very trustworthy from everything that he had discovered on Friday. Dean usually blamed his bruises on football, but somehow Castiel saw right through that, how did he see through that?
He double and triple checked to make sure that he had everything before he grabbed his helmet to head to work. Keys, wallet, jacket, diner uniform, chopstick(yeah he wears chapstick), helmet. He had everything. Outside it was a little colder than he was expecting because night was starting to fall, the sun warms everything up, imagine that. Throwing on his helmet he lifted the seat to load everything else he needed in there. He jumped on and revved the engine before peeling out of the small driveway.
“I think I’m adorable.” Dean flashed a wide smile over to the passenger seat. Sam didn’t lighten up on his - what Dean liked to call - bitchface. “C’mon Sammy it was a harmless prank” Dean signed, feeling an inkling of guilt. “I’m sorry, okay?” He finally gave into what Sam wanted.
“Yeah. Don’t you worry about that, kid. I got it covered.” Dean laughed. He would not use more than one hundred dollars, he had already planned out the night.
He pulled out his phone to text Gabriel back
“That’s good, we wouldn’t want a bad teacher over here.” He pointed his thumb suggestively across the booth.
At least the fantasies were getting more creative, Dean was learning that he was a kind of kinky guy. One of his favorite, most recurring day-dreams was sucking Castiel’s cock under his desk while class was going on and he had to keep a straight face.
Y'all I lied, I have so much college work to do this week the chapter will probably be up on Friday or Saturday so that I don't flunk out.
“That’s okay, as long as I know you’re safe.” She sighed
5:45 am
The two men pondered for a minute. “We’ll have mozzarella sticks, aaaaand nachos please, make sure there’s extra sour cream please.” Castiel piped up.
“Are you done yet? I’m cold, I’d like to put my shirt back on.” he said nonchalantly.
“Whatever,” the older man ended the conversation.
“See you later dad.” Dean said sadly when he heard the engine rev.
The pleasant feeling of a wet surrounding, tightening around his hard member was amazing. “C-Benny F-faster please! I-I want you t-to go fahh-!" Dean was unable to finish his sentence as Benny pulled Dean up on top of him. Gravity did its job and pushed the tight asshole against around this big cock. Benny let out a blissful laugh and paused as he bottomed out.
“Okay, well Friday after you left Gilda came over to watch a movie and talk about D n’ D. Then, as she was leaving we TOTALLY kissed on the front porch.” Charlie said excitedly. “All day Saturday I had to work at the Video Store, someone called out sick so I had to double. Uh, then obvi I had D n’ D at night. It was super duper fun and I got to see Gilda again. Except she was a fairy and I was a warrior, but we ended up working together. Sunday a nurse came for a check-up with my mom. I made breakfast in bed for the two of us. Nothing really special happened after that, I worked at The Store again and went home.” Charlie finished her recap out of breath from talking so quickly.
“How was Thanksgiving dinner? Did you have some nice homemade apple pie?”
That makes it click for Castiel; Dean is just a child. He displays himself as this big bad football player, but he’s just a goofy kid who loves his brother. Clearly forced to grow up too fast, Castiel remembers seeing a form saying that his mother died when he was young. His student obviously feels the need to protect his younger brother from everything that might hurt him, especially their father.
“Thank you.” Dean’s voice still had not returned to its normal state. He grabbed the keys from where he left them and went out to the car. There was rain lightly falling down on his shoulders, wetting his hair, but he could not care less. He focused on the breathing and the voice at the other end of the phone
By the end of class Dean had a pretty good sketch of what he was aiming for. He had not thought about his phone until Ms. Masters told them to pack up. He pulled his phone out to read the text.
“Do you want to talk about what happened?”
Two people landed on the ground but Dean did not see who it was until he blinked open his eyes. When he opened his eyes the sight he drank in was all too familiar. The student reached his hand out instinctively to check if the other man was all right. Dean’s hand cupped his stubbled cheek and ran a thumb over his porcelain cheekbones. It was merely seconds until blue eyes sprang open. Suddenly Dean was yanking away his hand — that was now on fire — and scurrying to get back up and away.
“Sammy, don’t you worry about me, It’s the weekend, I’ll go out and be normal tomorrow night, I have off.” He rolled his eyes at his overprotective younger brother.
“My buddy Andy’s house.” A tired voice came through the other end of the phone.
Benny’s mouth was still on Dean’s neck as he moaned and and said he was close. Dean pulled off and replaced himself with his mouth. Benny came soon after, letting out a lewd moan of Dean’s name.
“Why were you drinking in school? You know that can get you suspended right?” Castiel snapped more hurtful than he meant it
(See the end of the chapter for
Lisa pawed at his chest pulling him away as his laugh continued to grow louder. “Don’t laugh at me!” She said defensively rubbing away any sadness that was on her face replaced by an endearing look of bewilderment. He was laughing at her.
“Ugh we were safe and fell asleep together.” Dean lovingly punched his friend’s arm. “Hmm, what else… Oh YEAH! Lisa and I had a moment of closure and forgiveness which was really nice. Then we almost had breakfast at The Diner, but my dad called me and now he’s gone for the week or something. Worked the auto shop Sunday, then home, and that’s about it.” Dean finished. “OH! I walked in on Sammy and his girlfriend! It was freakin’ hilarious.” Dean practically shouted before Charlie could ‘sush’ him.
“HEY! I was just covering your drunk ass, don’t go blaming me for any of this” she replied rolling her eyes “I was just thinking on the fly, I’m sorry for saying something that everyone in class
“All right! Then let’s get to studying!” Charlie exclaimed, voice dripping with sarcasm.
Dean liked cooking classes because it meant that he got to learn new recipes to test out on Sammy. Because they made stir fry last class, today they would be making something sweet to balance it out. By the end of class Dean was still thinking about the number in his phone, but now he had warm cookies in his hands.
“About you liking boys? Or girls? Or both?” His teacher queried sitting back at his desk with an annoying smirk.
When they had enough tickets they took them to the little shop to exchange for prizes. Both of the boys got little stuffed animals for each other and candies that would rot their teeth. Dean’s gaze wandered across the whole arcade. This time he was sure he saw his teacher.
“I’m going to hang up now, is that okay?”
“Hah,
8:15 p.m.
Gabriel 1:08pm
"AAhh~!" While lost in thought, Benny took his hands away as Dean felt two fingers moving around his ass, look for his prostate. They felt so slippery and easily spread his hole, the simulation was enough to make him hard again.
Next they went bowling. After Dean lost the first round, which he insisted was a fluke — even though he was definitely giving it his all — they played a second game. Sam would deny purposely losing the second round until his grave. The look on Dean’s face when he won was more than enough reason to make Sam throw every game. As much as Dean thought he loved Sam more, the feeling was mutual.
“Are you okay??” The older brother asked, genuinely concerned.
“You can’t even take a hit you pussy.”
Dean smiled at the quick response.
“Yeah, and I have his number, and now two of his brother's numbers. And I don’t know if I mentioned, but I love youuuuu” Dean blushed in embarrassment of the situation he had gotten himself in.
The wind whipping past his jacket had calmed him since he started riding two years ago, he figured a bike was cheaper than a car so he better learn how to ride. It calmed him to be riding. He was in control when he was driving, he liked being in control wherever he could get it, that’s why he loved being the captain of the football team and the lacrosse team. He had a handle on his players and himself when he was in the game.
Everyone loves Lisa, who doesn't ;)
“I’m just messing around Cas , don't worry" Dean said to calm his teacher down . Although he did find the tattoos a little mysterious.
Dean was too busy finishing off the salad Sam left to answer. He opted to grab the keys and shrug while chewing. “I was thinking that arcade in town?”
"Hey at least I don't have any secret tattoos" Dean referenced what he saw earlier after a minute, he mostly wanted to get a rise out of the older man, he was also curious.
“Hey, sorry for lying to you earlier, I just always have to look over my shoulder, y’know?”
“No I am not busy, I am trying to help, why are you like this?!” He sneered at his friend
“I’m happy we’re doing this.” He said as he grabbed her hand. She laced her fingers through his and slid a little closer on the bench seat. Dean had definitely missed this more than he thought he could.
Dean imagined himself walking up to the front of the class and pushing Cas down in his chair. With the rest of the class gone he would unbutton his shirt slowly, but leave it and the tie on him, just loose. The younger boy was on his knees working on getting his tight dress pants off.
John was waiting for them in the living room, in his leather recliner. He was in front of the T.V. with the remote in his hand, flipping through channels. When the door closed he looked up and scoffed at the slightly nervous look on his son's faces. He rose and held his hand out for the keys. Dean took them out of his pocket and placed them in his hand, he smelled like cigarette smoke and gasoline.
“Nothing, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He tried to cover up his stupid mistake. The creamer was dumped quickly into his coffee and he took a sip so he couldn’t say more.
Dean 1:56pm
This is weird, but like as I'm writing I have to keep going back to past chapters because I'm just straight up lacking on what I wrote into the story already.
“Good thing you were sitting next to Kev, he’s stupid smart.” She laughed, implying cheating.
"Hey ! Look Who's talking Mister Leather-Jacket-and-1967-Chevy-Impala. You have no room to judge.” Castiel huffed back.
“Whatcha wanna eat?” Dean asked, swinging into the kitchen.
Dean was still blushing at the memory. The way that his teacher looked into his eyes was half of the reason that he pulled his team to win the game that night. It was the kind of blue you could never forget.
“Benny… Please!" He whimpered.
“Can I take these for Sam?” Dean asked kindly, swallowing his last bite of crust. He had been checking his watch periodically for the last 20 minuet while they ate. He figured he had to leave the Bradbury’s by 6, 6:10 at the latest to get to the middle school on time and back home before John had to take the car, to the bar of course.
I finished my finals so the next chapter should be out like next week or something like that.
“Either way, I think you need to reevaluate your position in my class. It is an AP and I would hate to see any of my students lose interest.”
“Did Cas tell you how great he was? He’s a future doctor, you know?”
“Yeah, whatever. You got your textbook, Clarence?”
Dean noticed his phone screen had turned to black; it had gone into power-saving mode because he hadn’t touched the screen for a few minutes. Dean sighed loudly. He needed a beer. Or two. He let his phone fall from his hand to the bed and left his room. He could deal with this later. Or just...never open his phone again. That was a good option, too.
Cas tried to focus on Jody’s presentation. He really did. He wanted to! But feeling Dean’s presence a few centimeters away from him, knowing that it was Dean sitting right next to him, that it was Dean’s shoulder that he was accidentally brushing when blindly turning a page from his notebook, made his attempts at focusing very difficult. Dean obviously didn’t need to listen, and that wasn’t helping Cas, since Dean kept glancing at him and at the notes he was taking, refraining from making any comments so as not to be reprimanded by Jody.
“I see. Well, I understand that you give more importance to your car than to me, especially now that I’m useless. Enjoy the rest of your meal, Dean”.
“Oh, I see. That’s a good question. I have to say, no one’s shared any ace stories yet. But, even within the LGBT community, it’s not a sexual orientation that is very well known. There are still a lot of clichés and misconceptions about it, and there are probably a lot of asexual people who don’t even know they’re ace yet. Maybe one day we could prepare a little presentation of what it means to be ace.”
Dean turned his head toward the noise, before turning one last time to Cas.
Cas was already there, scrolling on his phone, wearing a blue dress shirt and jeans. He seemed so human in this outfit and in this position. Cas rarely wore dress shirts when he was hanging out in the bunker, did he dress up especially for Dean? Dean couldn’t help but smile at that thought.
“See you on Saturday, Dean.”
Balthazar straightened up in his bed, smirking. “I knew this day would come! Tell everything to your old pal, what’s happening?”
“Because… Because that’s something I’d like to do. I’d like to do this too much, Sam. And I don’t deserve it. I don’t deserve to be so happy after what I did to him”.
“I’m sorry,” Cas grimaced, feeling embarrassed.
“Dean, that’s completely stupid!”
Balthazar exchanged a look with Cas, not knowing whether he could out him or not. Cas shrugged. He wasn’t ashamed of who he was.
Dean chose to ignore him to keep going.
He chose a polo shirt; polo shirts were great when he wasn’t sure what level of casualness was expected. Not as formal as a button-up, but still better than a simple shirt; there was a collar, after all. He selected a nice white one that he never wore before, with a pair of dark jeans. He tried to eat, and surprisingly, he managed to swallow an entire peanut butter and jelly sandwich. At one pm sharp, he was ready, waiting behind the door.
The man ordered. Then, when the bartender had brought them their beers, he turned to Dean.
“Hey, Cas!” Dean interrupted him with a warm voice. “Look at me!”
Dean shrugged. “Nothing. You’re just… Not like usual, today. It’s nice to see you so passionate about it. You seem more relaxed, less worried. Which is good, of course!”
“Raise your arms, Cas”.
“Hey, it’s cool, man,” the guy interrupted him. “Don’t worry, it looks good on you.”
“That’s why you were surprised to see him on the app! Do you know if he’s dating anyone right now? I offered to meet up someday and he had been acting coldly ever since.”
Cas laughed a little. “I don’t."
Dean still got out of the car to open the trunk. Cas carefully put his bag inside, and Dean closed the trunk.
As a matter of fact, Cas did have an idea. The idea had been running through his mind since his conversation with Balthazar the night before - since he learned that Dean had preferred a baking night with him to poker night with his friends. It had made him extremely happy, and now he wanted to return the favor in some way, even though he knew Dean didn't expect anything from him. But even beyond this particular cooking night, Dean made him happy in general, and Cas wanted to make a return gesture  as well.
“Cassie,” Cas corrected him.
Moving from Washington DC and his private high school to Kansas University campus in Lawrence, and being apart from his family for the first time had considerably changed his view on life. Meeting students from other backgrounds had opened his eyes, and he was glad to have an opportunity to be helpful to the Lawrence community. He had heard about the volunteer program the year before, but he had been too shy to sign up alone. What if his help wasn’t wanted? What if he wasn’t able to help people? He had never worked before, never joined a program like that, and he was terrified that he wouldn’t be able to execute the tasks he would be assigned to do. He didn’t know what struggling to live was like; he had never had any financial problems. What if the people he was trying to help thought that he was a snob and that they didn’t need his help? He had never been a very social person, had always been an introvert. However, he knew that he had to open himself up to others. Soon, he would be an adult, and functioning adults had to interact with strangers daily. He couldn’t hide forever. That was why, when he came across a post about the volunteer program while scrolling social media on his phone, he finally decided to click on the link, and after reading all of the information and hesitating for a few days, sent an email to the organization to register. They had answered by sending him other documents and an invitation to the first meeting, where the different activities would be presented and where every volunteer could sign up for a time slot and an activity.
“Cas,” he whispered, barely audible.
“That’s because I realized that I don’t need sex in my life to be happy. Sure, I wouldn’t say no to it, if I had the opportunity, but really, I don’t even care that much about it. I’m satisfied with my life. I haven’t had sex in a few years.. I can assure you, I don’t need sex to live. What I have is enough for me”.
However, he knew that was just how Meg was; she wasn’t nice for no reason. And the fact that she had asked if he was okay in the first place was proof that she really cared about him.
“I…I didn’t want you to get angry at me. And I wasn’t sure… I was confused, I just wanted to see… “
“It’s…understandable,” Dean commented. He was a little bit lost, trying to understand what Cas meant, but he wasn’t very good at identifying and dealing with feelings himself. Cas, who was staring at the wall in front of him, gave him a quick look and a shy smile.
Furiously, he thought of Tom again. It was unfair. Why did Tom deserve to swipe right on Cas and not him? In any case, Dean couldn't stand being confronted with his profile picture every time he swiped right. And anyway, Cas wouldn’t even see that Dean swiped him right… Except if… Maybe… As Dean was weighing his options, his finger slipped, and suddenly, the inscription “IT’S A MATCH!” filled out the screen. Dean almost let his phone fall.
“Wait, Cas…”.
He and Dean couldn't be together anyway, that was a fact. Not if what Dean was looking for in a relationship was sex. Cas could sleep with Dean, but only after a long time. If he was sure. It was something he was willing to share with his boyfriend, with whom he was committed in a serious love relationship. Not with a "buddy,” drunk after a party.
“He’s my partner for the volunteer program. You know, the one to help the kids, downtown?”
“Nah, I’m fine, thanks!”
Balthazar cursed and another player clapped. It seemed to be a good move, and even without knowing the game, Cas understood Dean just won. The guy next to Dean put a hand on his shoulder to congratulate him.
Cas knew himself, and although he'd never had a boyfriend, he had fallen in love in the past. He knew how to recognize the signs and how to stop himself. The previous time, he hadn’t anticipated it, hadn’t been able to recognize the feeling, and by the time he had realized it, it had been too late; he had already fallen in love. With Dean, it would be different. From the very beginning, he would deny himself all hope so he wouldn't be disappointed. Yes, it definitely sounded like a good plan. He was already feeling better about the situation, less disappointed by the fact that Dean would be having a date with the barista that evening.
“You can. Just listen to me carefully…”.
That was it. He had done it. He had invited Dean in. Why had he done that? How would he react if Dean declined the offer? Would things be weird the next day, for their volunteering session? Would…
“Of course, Mrs. Kline. Everything went fine, I believe Jack even made some friends already,” he said, in a very formal way. He glanced at the room, searching for the little boy. “Jack?” he called.
What could he do now? He considered waking Balthazar up. Usually, when he was going through phases like this, his friend would help him, giving him advice to help him make a decision. Just talking, expressing out loud what he was thinking, was usually enough for him. It helped him calm down. But he couldn’t wake Balthazar up for this.
, he remembered why a relationship between both of them couldn’t have been possible in the first place. Dean probably read on his face that something was wrong, because he stopped talking.
“But I wouldn’t have the creativity you have to make a coherent and interesting story out of all the hints I designed.”
“Nice scarf you got there, Cas!”
Cas was so confused that he was actually happy that Dean was taking the lead. He didn’t want to think about anything, so he let himself be guided by Dean.
It was a little windy outside, and since Dean and Cas weren’t moving, Cas got a little cold. The trench coat he was wearing wasn’t very warm, so he quickly excused himself for one minute to get the scarf he had in his bag that he hadn’t given back to Dean yet. Dean's eyes widened as he saw Cas exit the building wearing the scarf, but he quickly regained his composure.
Charlie was smiling at him. “I asked you if you wanted to share something with the group?”
“That’s not what I meant…” Dean sighed.
“Nope, I’m staying home. I have a party tomorrow, though.”
He tried to not think as he ran to his house. On his way, he almost got hit by a car, almost fell twice, his vision being blurred. He couldn’t process what had just happened. Had Dean really heard him basically confessing his love for him AND his asexuality? That was the worst scenario ever. What had he been doing there anyway? He always said to Charlie that he didn’t want to come to her society’s meetings, gently making fun of her for it! How could he have been there?
Dean’s answer didn’t take long.
The woman looked at him and smiled. “I prepared some slides to present the program, but it seems that I can’t connect the computer to the projector. I don’t know what I’m doing wrong!”
“Cas? Cas?”
Cas almost blurted “Why?" but instead, he looked away. Dean always looked at him right in the eyes, with his deep green, intense gaze, and it made him very weak.
“Okay, so I guess now it’s my turn to talk?” Dean smiled. “Well, since I met you in this kitchen, and then saw you at the first CLCP meeting… I was instantly interested in you, because you’re so different from all the other people I know, and… And I’ve been very frustrated because, as you said, I’m usually good at flirting, but with you, it just didn’t seem to work… You didn’t seem interested at all, and I didn’t understand why, or what I was doing wrong… Every time I tried to flirt with you, you just didn’t answer back, so I just thought you weren’t interested… But the more time I spent with you, the more I liked you, and… I know you’re rather introverted, and shy, and I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable, and so after our date at the basketball game…”
Dean parked in front of Cas’ place. Cas hesitated. Maybe he could ask Dean to come in with him to perhaps watch something on TV? He was still considering the idea when Dean turned to him, one hand still on the wheel, the other laying on his knee, looking casual, and cool, and Cas still couldn’t believe that he got to be there with him at that moment.
“You…. You called me buddy…”
“No problem! I’ll see you next week, Jack?”
“I thought you didn’t do dating?”
“Dean?”
“Absolutely. I just have to grab my jacket and I’ll be ready.”
"Tada! Victory cookies!" He handed Cas the box. “I made several flavors, so you can be the official tester to decide which ones I’ll make for Saturday!”
“Sorry, man, I didn’t mean to startle you! Are you alright?”
Cas wondered how Dean knew Meg’s name, and what subject she was studying. According to Meg, she didn’t know him personally.
He was grumpy for the rest of the weekend. Apparently, for him it had been a big deal – Dean telling him he found him hot! – but for Dean, it was nothing out of the ordinary. Dean was probably too used to flirting with everyone. Cas hadn’t seemed receptive, so he had found someone else. He didn’t really care about Cas, and if he had been interested, it was only for sex. Balthazar had definitely been right when he had told him “
They were quite close together, both of them sitting on the couch, but they were not touching each other. Nevertheless, Cas could feel Dean's presence by his side; his smell, the space he occupied. He even could hear his breathing, and his low voice was very close to his ears. The sensation was exhilarating, and it went to his head - a bit like he was drunk, even though he hadn't had a single drop of alcohol. He tried to remember the poker terms for Dean, who was patiently and passionately explaining to him the value of the cards, but all he could think of was Dean, who was so close to him. All he had to do was reach out and touch him. But why wasn’t Dean trying anything? Was Cas the only one who felt the tension between them?
As usual, Cas was too early. It was 3:45, and the meeting wouldn’t start until 4:00. He was pacing outside the society’s room, on the third floor of the student union building, nervously making scenarios about what he could say. He must have been loud, because the door suddenly opened and Charlie, the thin girl with red hair he had already met, welcomed him.
“Actually,” he added, more self-assured than a few minutes before, “I’d suggest wearing another color, for next time.”
“Why?”
“It’s fine. I got this, Cas!”
“I… I feel better, now. Though I’ll appreciate some sleep later, but… I guess I’d feel better once the talking’s done. Better rip the bandage off now. I’m ready to face it. Now that you know… Waiting more won’t ease the pain, anyway, so we might as well deal with this now.”
“Guess it was time for a change,” Cas shrugged. “To experience new things. Go out of my comfort zone.”
“And what about you, Cas?”
“Well, I fell on the ground while playing basketball and it hurt a lot, and Becky said that maybe the doctors would need to cut off my leg, but then Cas healed me, and I feel way better now!”
Dean shook his head and smiled. "Poker nights happen every month. Evenings with you are a lot rarer, though. So when you suggested it, I couldn’t let the opportunity slip by!"
Of course. Dean wasn’t here to see him, but Balthazar. Why would have he come, otherwise? If he needed to say something to Cas about the program, he would have texted him, not driven to his place. Cas tried to not be disappointed. He had hoped for a few seconds, when he opened the door and saw Dean, that maybe he had come to see him, to talk to him, spend time with him, or even – let him dream a little bit! – ask him on a date. What a ridiculous idea! Why would he do such a thing?
« So, I am the one who can decide this, am I ? »
“Fold," Lisa sighed.
He paused, again. He had already said a lot, more than what he had initially planned, but once he had started, he had realized that it felt so good to finally have the space and the opportunity to talk about it, to describe what he felt, and what his thoughts were about it, that he couldn’t stop himself from talking. He had shared some very personal thoughts, things he had never told anyone else – but talking about how sometimes he masturbated was definitely crossing the line. He shook his head. Maybe his audience understood him even if he didn’t say it explicitly. He crossed Charlie’s gaze, who was staring at him, before focusing on the LGBT flag that hung next to the board.
Dean shook his head. “Yeah, Cas?”
“I’m Jody, by the way,” the woman continued, offering her hand to Cas. “I’m from the Douglas County sheriff’s office, and I’m coordinating this program with Donna." She pointed at the woman with blonde hair that had welcomed Cas.
Cas hesitated. The most classic pie he could think of was obviously apple, but after what Dean had just said about his mother, he probably didn’t need to remind it. Yet, if it was the answer, it was even weirder to be ignoring that flavour.
Because here was Cas’ picture, smiling on the screen of his phone. It was a picture Dean had taken, one that he particularly liked. And since the app was working according to the geographical location of its users, if Dean had seen Cas’ profile… Then surely, Cas had seen Dean’s. Or would see it soon.
“Besides, I kinda have a date in two hours. I have to get ready.”
“Dean?”
“What?” Cas asked after a few moments.
Dean wasn’t that convinced. He really wanted to give something special to Cas and was afraid that the angel would be disappointed if the hunter prepared a nice Christmas package only to give him something’s lame. He finally found something’s quite adequate and smiled. 6:30. He had to hurry.
Dean stood up, took his jacket and started to leave. Before opening the door and walking out of the coffee shop, he turned to Cas one last time and waved at him. That made Cas feel very soft, and made him slump down on his chair with his eyes closed and a satisfied smile on his lips, happy and relaxed. Thanks to Dean.
“No, I’ll… I think I’ll just see how it goes, at least for today.”
“Come on, don’t be a sore loser!” Lisa teased.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Really? I’ve always wondered if anyone was really watching Netflix documentaries when there are so many awesome shows available!”
The last player seemed to hesitate but then decided to fold, too.
“Wait, how could people not like you?”, Dean said, shaking his head in disbelief. “For what it's worth, Cas, I don’t think you’re boring.”
“For too long”, answered Dean.
Cas’ heart missed a beat as he wondered how to interpret that sentence – and how to interpret the entire night. Had it been a date? Dean’s friends had behaved as if it was one. Dean’s own behavior had been quite ambiguous. But Cas had never been on a date before, so he couldn’t compare to anything he had already experienced. Maybe he was entirely misreading the situation. It wouldn’t be surprising, and it wouldn’t be the first time it had happened. Date or no date, he had spent an amazing night with Dean – he was, in fact, always having great times with him – and that was what mattered. He didn’t want to waste the relationship they had by making it awkward if, for Dean, it was clearly platonic. What they had was already wonderful. More than what Cas could have dreamt of. Wanting more, expecting more, was not reasonable and would only lead to him being disappointed.
Cas agreed, trying to not feel disappointed. He would see Dean during the entire afternoon at the CLCP anyway. Still, the more he saw Dean, the more time he wanted to spend with him.
He walked away from Raphael while picking up the phone. "Hello? Dean? Is everything okay?"
“I mean that, as you probably started to notice, since you talked to him for more than five minutes, he’s a bad person. He’s manipulative, he can’t be trusted, he’s snooty. In a word, he’s detestable. You should stay away from him.”
Cas shifted in his bed with a sigh. Being an anxious socially awkward gay student was already challenging enough. But also being asexual made the situation even more complicated.
“That I’m completely in love with you?” Dean completed. “Yes, it does. Hey, Cas, look at me?”
Friday evening finally arrived, and Cas was watching a documentary about space in the living room when the doorbell rang. He wasn’t expecting anyone, and Balthazar wasn’t home yet. Maybe his roommate had forgotten his keys? He frowned and stood up to open the door.
Cas had stopped talking, trying to gauge Dean’s reaction.
Dean blushed. “Spending time with you, for example. It’s more than enough to make me happy.”
“In my defense, he never asked!” he said, leaving the kitchen.
Dean finally stood back up, holding the case. Surprised, Cas didn’t have time to look away. Dean spotted him looking and smirked.
Balthazar’s smile fell.
Cas nodded, not surprised. He could have suggested watching something else, but animal documentaries were relaxing, and he needed to relax before the next day. He would meet the children in his group, and see Dean again.
The next player, a guy Cas had already seen before hanging out with Balthazar, winced before putting his cards down on the table. “Okay, I fold.”
“Well, Clarence, believe me, Dean Winchester was totally flirting with you!”
“Is something wrong? Are you okay?”
Meg opened her mouth, but said nothing, shocked. She hadn’t seen it coming. Cas immediately regretted it; it was very low of him to attack her on that field, since he knew she wasn’t comfortable with it. But she had annoyed him, and she also knew that he wasn’t comfortable with her talking about his sex life (or his lack of it). Besides, Dean had noticed them, and was walking in their direction, his friend following him carrying the tray with their drinks.
“First time here, right?”
"Yes, you did surprise me. Well done. After I got to demonstrate my baking skills and my failed attempts at teaching you poker basics, it's only fair that you introduce me to the wonderful world of wildlife documentaries!"
“Classic Dean Winchester," Jody commented.
“It’s okay, I’ll do some laundry tonight”.
“And you liked other people’s profiles, and talked to strangers?” Dean continued, in a more confident, almost accusatory tone.
“The water is still warm. Would you like me to get you a cup of tea, too? It's chamomile”, Cas offered.
Dean nodded. “Cool,” he said, and Cas wondered if they were really talking about cleaning the room and eating pie.
Cas stopped, unsure. As Dean didn’t answer immediately, he quickly added:
Oh. Cas had completely forgotten because he had been busy thinking about his volunteer program, but Balthazar had warned him two weeks ago that he would be hosting the next evening for his poker club. Back then, Cas hadn’t realized that it was the day before his first volunteer meeting, and he had agreed. Balthazar didn’t ask him if he could have friends over often, and it was a Friday evening, so there were no classes the next day.
“Thank you, Dean. I… I needed this hot chocolate. And my keys, since Balt isn’t home yet.”
“Yes, Cas let me choose a band-aid with a car on it!”
“That’s great Dean, why aren’t you with him?”
“Sorry,” he excused himself, “I have to answer this. It could be important.”
“What about some cleaning first, and then we can finish the pie while you tell me what you thought about your first day before I drive you back to your place?”
“Wow, it’s really a small world, right?” Dean commented. “Anyway, good luck with class, guys!”
. Dean shook his head and looked at his phone once again. Cas' picture was still there. Under it, his name ‘Castiel' and his age ‘45’. Cas didn’t complete the occupation section of his profile. His description was quite long, however, and…not the most fitting for a dating app.
He watched Dean leave the kitchen to grab his belongings in another room. He was just adorable, and Cas was definitely completely in love with him.
“No poker evening today then?”
Dean suddenly clapped his hands loudly to put up a front, and Cas startled.
Cas looked a little bit defeated.
Dean straightened himself up in his chair. "What would you like to know?" he asked, almost professionally.
"Cool, thanks!"
What? That was even more unexpected, and Cas was more and more confused about how the conversation was going.
Cas let his phone lock itself, scanning at the black screen for a few minutes, before gradually letting it rest on his thigh, eyes half-closed, a blissful smile on his lips. He still couldn’t believe what had happened. He had texted Dean for two hours – and Dean had started it! He had joked with him, but also learnt more about Dean, who seemed to be much more than what Cas had initially thought he was. Dean was surprising. Dean liked cooking. Dean was caring – he had helped Cas, so much! Cas had been on the verge of having an anxiety attack when he got Dean’s text. And talking with Dean had calmed him down instantly. He was now feeling more relaxed than ever, and that was a very new sensation for him. Did Dean have some kind of magical powers or something?
Nevertheless, when he noticed that Cas had frozen and was looking serious, Dean’s smile faded away. “Oh, there’s really something stressing you out? You wanna talk about it?”
Cas showed him the suit with the blue tie he really liked, but never wore for going to classes, because it was too formal, and Balthazar smiled.
Cas beamed, pleased.
Cas blushed. “That’s not a priority for me,” he mumbled.
“Alright, alright, we all know that! I’m sure even Cas noticed how easy-going you are. Don’t worry, popular boy, everyone likes you!” Balthazar grinned. “Anyway, the next game starts in 5, are you in?”
Or maybe not. Because talking to Cas about his description let Cas know that Dean saw his profile, and therefore was using the app, and was attracted to men…
. He knew that thinking all of this and being angry at himself wasn't going to help. He had to stop thinking. But he couldn’t stop. The thoughts kept coming at him and it was too difficult to push them away.
“Are you okay?” he repeated.
Cas froze, almost panicking, not knowing how to react. What was happening? Dean stayed close to him for a few moments, and Cas could smell the alcohol on him. He sighed. That’s what was happening: Dean was drunk. He had no idea what to do.
“Dean. Do you want to fix things?”
The latter just smiled. Then, Dean took a few steps backs, still looking at Cas. The angel tilted his head.
She wasn’t wrong. Cas was weird. And he felt as if he didn’t have the right to complain, because no one would understand him. The guy he had a crush on had said he was hot, and yet Cas found a way to not be happy with that? As Meg said, most of the students on campus would have liked to have been in his situation.
, his romantic partner.
“No Cas. This, what we have…. This is special. And I don’t ever want to mess up with that again! I’m so sorry, Cas!”
"Okay, what's the deal, Cas?"
Dean stopped laughing immediately, but he still looked happy. “No, no, Cas, that’s not… I’m just so, so, so relieved!”
“I’m sorry for the gifts, I couldn’t find anything better at the convenience store I stopped… We’ll just say that next year, they’ll be better!”
Dean smiled back.
“Good thing my roommate isn’t sleeping at our dorm tonight,” Dean grinned, “because I’m guessing I won’t be going back alone…” he said in a suggestive voice.
“What do you mean?”
« You know how I feel about you. I’ve never hidden my feelings for you. You’re the best man that I know, you have the brighest soul I’ve ever seen. You know how I admire you, and you know that I’ll do anything for you. I already sacrificed everything I had for you, I always followed you, always trusted you. I already told you I love you, a few years ago, when I was about to die. And I already proved that I love you more times than I can count. My feelings are clear, you know about them. I know that you don’t share them ; I know you’ll never return them. Despite knowing it, I always tried to deserve your love, doing everthing you wanted, protecting you as much as I could, trying to be useful for you. Dean, I know that you are angry, and that you’re still blaming me for everything. I know the situation is confusing. I don’t know what I can do for you to forgive me. I always did what I thought was the best. But you helped me to become more and more human, and being human is also about doing mistakes. Things are not easy for me, now. I lost my son. I learned that my father was against us. My powers are fading. But the worst is how bad, how useless, how guilty I feel when you look at me. And it’s even worst when you ignore me. I know I made mistakes, but I didn’t mean any bad. So here am I, begging you to forgive me, because I have nothing more to offer than my love. But… I get that it’s not enough for you, that I crossed a line, that you don’t want to forgive me. We can be what you want us to be, Dean, the choice is yours. But I think I can’t bear this situation any longer. If you want me to leave, I’ll leave, because I don’t know what else to do. You have one word to say, and I’ll leave, and I… »
“I l told you to not call me that!” Cas snapped.
He wasn’t lying. He could definitely live with seeing Dean two more times each month. Except that he couldn’t say that to his roommate, who seemed surprised with his enthusiasm.
Before he could realize it, the passenger’s door opened and Cas got in the car.
“Perfect, Doctor Sexy binge-watching night it is, then! We can stop at the grocery store on our way so we can buy some snacks and some supplies to make dinner and then go to your place? Balthazar will be at a poker game tonight, and I don’t have a TV in my room, so…”
Dean didn’t say anything, but smiled, in a strange way. In a fond way.
“What, you... Are you really considering it?”
It was making sense: Dean had told him that his roommate was in the football varsity team and that he had a new girlfriend. And it explained Meg’s behavior towards Dean: why she looked uncomfortable. Cas hadn’t thought they were so serious about it because Meg only told him they had “kind of dates”. But if they were really in a relationship, Dean probably knew it, and Meg didn’t want him to tell Cas by accident…
Cas decided to ignore her. No need to start a debate about it to explain to her why he was not interested in “getting laid”.
He stopped in front of the door to his house, looking for his keys in the big pocket of his trench coat. It was 5 pm, and he wasn’t expecting Balt to be home. It was a Friday evening, and usually his roommate would be out – Balthazar really liked to party – so he wouldn’t be bothered by him during the evening. However, when he came into the living room, he was surprised to see Balt sweeping. They had divided the chores, but Balt wasn’t in charge of cleaning that week. Cas frowned.
“Yes, I’m coming!”
"Okay, Cas. Now you're going to get up, you're going to shower, and you're going to get dressed. You're going to put on a polo shirt; it's half formal, half casual. With black jeans. It's sober, it's efficient. Your coat has big enough pockets for a notebook, a pencil, and a cereal bar if you get hungry. You're going to be fine. Everything is planned. There's no reason for anything to go wrong. Go, now,” he said to himself, out loud.
Cas thought he would obsess about that party and the events that happened there a lot before falling asleep, but it turned out that he was actually really exhausted, and he fell asleep almost immediately after lying down in bed.
By five, he was back at home and was pacing in the corridor, thinking about the “non-date.” If Dean was interested in him, maybe he would make a move that night? The setting would be intimate: the kitchen wasn’t really big, and they might
“That’s the spirit,” Balthazar smiled.
“That’s perfect Dean. I can’t wait!”
Cas titled his head, slightly confused. “Isn’t it the point of a dating app?”
Dean shrugged. “I just like seeing you so invested in the show. You’re not even pointing out  every medical inconsistency anymore, who would have guessed that?”
“Wait and see, Winchester," she answered daringly.
Cas took a dramatic breath. "Um... Dean... I'm sorry to tell you this, but..."
Cas finished eating breakfast silently. For a Monday morning, he wasn’t feeling too anxious. The week was starting in a good way.
Dean shrugged.
“I’m almost sure you could have had sex with him,” Cas observed, and Dean didn’t even try to deny it. “So there is probably something wrong with me,” he concluded with a sad intonation.
“You wanna grab a cup of tea at Café-in before our next class?” he asked her.
The hunter raised the sweater he was still holding.
"So, can I try the others now?" he asked cheerfully.
Dean shook his head. Yes, of course, Cas was still talking.
"See you tomorrow, Cas! I'll pick you up at 1 pm as usual!"
Cas was reading the message when his phone buzzed again. It was another text from Dean.
The poster was probably new, otherwise Cas would have noticed it; he walked down this corridor at least three times a week. He read it a few times, still surprised to have been confronted with the “asexuality” word, before continuing to walk to his classroom.
He glanced at the screen.
“Uno? I love that game! Who’s winning over here?” he said cheerfully, grabbing a chair to sit with the children.
Dean grabbed his chin so that he raised his head and their eyes met.
, he thought – but didn’t add it.
“So,” he said after a few minutes of them eating silently the pie, “what did you think of your first day?”
“Good afternoon! You’re here for the Children of Lawrence Community Program?” asked Dean, very professionally.
“Cas?” Dean exclaimed, when he recognized Cas.
“Did you manage to sleep? You seemed very tired last night”.
“I touched a sensitive spot, didn’t I?”
"Hey, are you listening to me?" Dean asked.
It turned out that, while Cas wasn’t necessarily interested in having sex, he was actually very interested in cuddling. Not that Dean was complaining about it, of course. He was more than happy to finally be able to do something to help Cas deal with his nightmares and finally getting a night of peaceful sleep.
“I’m Castiel – Cas.”
“Good job, today, Cas,” Dean started.
“Perfect. I’ll see you next Friday, then? The game is at 8, but maybe we can grab something to eat before?”
Cas raised an eyebrow questioningly.
Cas just rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, that’s the surprise! No, seriously, I thought about it yesterday while preparing my clues. In every good scavenger hunt, there has to be a purpose. The kids will look for the pirate’s treasure chest, and they’ll be disappointed if they find the box empty!”
“Oh,” Cas answered, trying not to sound disappointed.
“I’m sorry if we woke you up, Balthazar told us you didn’t want to be bothered, but we didn’t think you would be asleep so early, otherwise we would have been quieter and made sure the living room door was closed!”
“What happened? I didn’t see?” Cas asked, frowning.
Cas wanted to tell him that he didn’t have to pretend to be someone he wasn’t with him, and that he could talk about whatever he wanted, and that Cas would listen to him. But Dean already seemed really embarrassed and was nervously running his hand through his hair, not looking at Cas, and Cas didn’t want him to feel more uncomfortable. Dean reminded him of Meg: his friend didn’t like to open up either, wanting to project a hard-ass image to the world. However, Dean seemed even more sensitive than Meg; sometimes, Cas was even doubtful if Meg had feelings at all, when he could see that Dean had some undeniable depth in him just by looking at his eyes. His eyes were more telling than his mouth, and there was definitely more in him than this “popular cool boy” image he seemed to be projecting.
The usual members of the society began to arrive; Cas was always one of the first because he hated the idea of being late. They all greeted him in a friendly way while taking a place in the room.
Cas didn’t answer. He didn’t know what to say, anyway. Instead, he savored the feeling. He was very touched that Dean would choose to give up his poker night, and the possibility of humiliating his rival in his own home, to spend the evening with him. Well, not exactly, Cas corrected himself. Not to spend the evening with him, but to spend the evening
Balthazar wasn’t home yet, so Cas went to his room. Lying in his bed with his clothes still on, he relived the evening, remembering how good he had felt with Dean, how comfortable he had been talking to him, sitting so close to him in the fieldhouse, and he suddenly realized that he was still wearing Dean’s second scarf.
Except that he discovered, the year before, that the other people were in fact not exaggerating. He was looking at a post from the university LGBT+ society on social media where all the letters from “LGBTQIA+” were explained. Cas always thought that the “A” stood for “ally.” Turned out, it also stood for “asexual.” He heard the term before but didn’t really know what it meant. He thought it was used for people who wanted to never have sex. Which was not his case: he wasn’t against sex, he could picture himself making love to his future boyfriend, at some point… in the future. Not now. He had been in love, had thought about holding hands with his crushes, maybe even kissing them… But having sex? Not now. In the context of a relationship, as an act of intimacy and love, he wasn’t against the idea. He was curious, too: he heard a lot of friends or classmates talk about it, and it seemed to be a big deal. He didn’t understand why, though. He had never understood the concept of “friends with benefits,” or “one-night-stands.” What was the point of one-night stands? Why would someone want to have sex with someone they didn’t know, with someone with whom they weren’t sharing anything? Having sex was something very intimate, not something you could do, just like that!
“Hey Cas, how are you doing?” Dean beamed at him, looking cool, casual, confident, handsome, nice. Looking like
He was already different from the others: he was gay, he was socially awkward, introverted. He was anxious. And now, apparently, he wasn’t even experiencing attraction the same way other people did.
“Yeah, that’s why I’m confused?”
“Oh no, come on, you’ve got to be kidding me! That’s so unfair, he barely touched the guy!”
“I’m gonna hang up, now.”
“Oh, great, I’m glad to hear that. I’m definitely gonna ask him out, then. You know, before it’s too late,” he added, winking at Dean before grabbing his phone and going away.
“Nah, I swear today was an exception…I’m not really a party-animal. If you prefer Saturday mornings, then I won’t party on Friday evenings anymore.”
He was still not looking at his friend. His fists were clenched, his face was harsh, and closed. Cas stopped talking, waiting for Dean to go on.
“Wait, Cas, it’s not…”
“I need fresh air. It’s too busy here. I’ll see you outside in one hour”
him, apparently. This fondness he was talking about, even Dean knew what it could be. He began to smile, progressively letting a feeling of deep happiness invade him, until he realized that the fact that Cas was possibly
“Oh no, I was just looking, I’m not really interested, the poster just…. Caught my attention… That’s all,” he answered quickly.
“Okay, another one? I’ll deal, this time," Balthazar said.
“But for today, you’ll be fine.” Dean paused briefly before he added, playfully: “Anyway… It depends on your ability to eat pie properly, though!”
, Cas thought – but maybe he was lacking objectivity there.
Dean took a look at him. The guy seemed to be in his late thirties, like him. He didn’t look too sketchy. Dean was almost sure he’d never seen him before, yet his face seemed familiar.
Dean looked confused.
“Fair enough. As I said, don’t hesitate to talk, one day. The most difficult part is to start.”
“Hey, Cas! How are you today?” Charlie asked cheerfully.
“Ellen, the owner of the place, is a family friend. I’ve known her since I was a kid, she’s like an aunt. Actually, she’s Jo’s mother, I don’t know if you remember her? We saw her at Café-in, a few weeks ago?”
Of course Cas remembered her. He had been very jealous. But, if Ellen was like an aunt to Dean… Wouldn’t that make Jo like his cousin and not a potential girlfriend?
“Really, Dean, you’ll never change. Regular black coffee, no cream, no sugar as usual?”
Dean was happy for Sam. Really, he was. Eileen was a hunter, like them. She could understand Sam, and his life. It was the best opportunity for Sam to have a family while keeping saving the world. Plus… If – or when – Dean finally has to die for good, then… Then Sam wouldn’t be alone. Definitely, Dean was happy about his little brother’s new relationship. But, still… Sam was everything he had, and seeing him leaving him for Christmas, a family holiday, made him kind of sad and bitter, even though he encouraged him to go with Eileen. It meant that Sam didn’t need him anymore. Dean knew he should be happy, and moreover, they never really celebrated Christmas with specific traditions the years before… But still, at least they were together, and it was good enough for him. This year… it was different, they were separated, and he would be alone. Well… not exactly alone. Sam insisted on the fact that Cas was still in the bunker, and that Dean and he could celebrate the holiday together. But Cas and he weren’t exactly on good terms lately, mainly because of Dean. They were talking to each other when they had to, especially in front of Sam and Eileen, but the situation was still very tensed between them. Dean still didn’t apologize, even though he knew he had to. So, spending the joyful and light-hearted Christmas day with Cas wasn’t exactly the plan he had in mind! Maybe he could just go to a bar on Christmas Eve. Drinking a few glasses to forget how lonely he was, and to escape the sad reality. Yes, it sounded like a good plan.
“Well, it seems like I have to go… Feel free to join us, later!”
“Okay, so you’ll think you’ll be ready for tomorrow?” Dean asked him in the car as they were driving back to Cas place.
“I guess that now you won’t want to be my friend anymore. Maybe we can reach out to Jody Mills from the CLCP to ask if we can maybe be paired with other volunteers, so you don’t have to interact with me anymore?”
Oh. That was something Cas hadn’t expected. So Jo was definitely not Dean’s potential girlfriend – not that it mattered, of course. There was still Cassie, and Lisa, and all the other girls he already saw around Dean. And even if Dean was single, it wasn’t a date, and it wasn’t as if the two of them could end up together anyway.
Balthazar opened the fridge to grab a few cold beers.
“Yeah, but I’ve never been able to prepare one entirely on my own, though. I’m too muddled for that, I get too enthusiastic and lose track too quickly. You, on the other hand, have this very rational and logical spirit.”
“Well… Celebrating God’s son birth isn’t exactly what I want to do this year. Combining anything God-related to joy and celebration isn’t actually what I plan to do in the next weeks. Except celebrating his death, of course”.
“Only your knee?”
“So,” he began, uncertain. “You, uh… You downloaded a dating app.”
“Apparently. I… I have to say, I’m a little bit confused, I didn’t expect this conversation to take this turn… So just to clarify, does it mean that… That we… That you…?”
Cas shook his head, trying to go back to the conversation. A guy called Raphael – that Balthazar already mentioned a lot – was talking about the differences between some rules of poker.
Jack shivered, but said nothing, clenching his teeth.
“Even if you’re still questioning, you should give the society a try. Everyone’s welcome at our meetings,” a friendly voice said behind him.
“Yeah? Sammy? Everything’s alright?”
Cas followed him silently, looking all around him. The paint on the walls was peeling, but many children’s drawings were hung up and gave a cheerful touch to the building. They reached the kitchen and Dean switched on the light, before putting the pies in the fridge.
“No, no… I like you more than pie and Doctor Sexy. So much more…”
Cas couldn’t believe what he was hearing. It just seemed so… unexpected, and too good to be true… But suddenly, hearing Dean listing all the activities they could do as a couple, a real
And he just left the confused angel in the middle of the Christmas sweaters, trying to escape the strange atmosphere as soon as he could.
“I can’t believe it, man! What are the odds?” he whispered, sounding thrilled. “Seriously, what are you doing here?”
« I know we are. »
And suddenly, everything connected in Cas’ mind. He alternatively turned to Dean and Meg.
“Oh yeah, Cas, I’m fine,” he mumbled. “Just tired”.
Dean was really great with children. He was nice and caring with everyone, but with children, those qualities were even more obvious. He always took time to answer the kids, even when he was busy with something else, in a very patient way. Cas always felt warm and filled with tenderness when he watched him interact with the children.
"It’s time, the first parents are already coming! Hey, Jack, what do you think of going to get a nougat bar from the kitchen with Cas, since you were super brave while he was fixing you up?"
“But would you trust someone who doesn’t even trust himself?”
On Friday evening, Cas was in the living room, eating some pasta while watching an animal documentary on Netflix, when he heard Balthazar’s door opening. Cas twisted his neck to look at the corridor through the open door of the living-room. His friend was wearing casual clothes.
Dean was still burried into the hug but he finally managed to answer :
The girl next to him didn’t even look at her cards. “Call," she said, adding two chips to Balthazar’s.
“Calm down, Cas, calm down, calm down, please, Cas, calm down,” he begged himself.
Cas nodded. “Okay. I’m not sure yet, but… Maybe I’ll come.”
He stayed in the coffee shop until it closed, three hours later. Dean didn’t come, not even to pick up Jo at the end of her shift. Cas didn’t know whether he should be disappointed by the fact he didn’t see him, or relieved about the fact that he didn’t come to see Jo – which didn’t mean they wouldn’t meet later, at one of their places.
Cas had already been thinking about his asexuality a lot for a few days when he first saw the poster. It was pinned in the corridor on the second floor of the science building, and it stood out amongst the other association posters because of its bright colors. The poster was black, but a big rainbow flag was printed in the middle of it, with the name of the organization written above it: “KANSAS UNIVERSITY LGBT+ SOCIETY.” Above the rainbow and the title, a lot of key words were spread throughout the second half of the poster in a multicolored font: “Gay,” “Lesbian,” “Trans,” “Bisexual,” “Queer,” “Pansexual,” “Aromantic,” “Non-binary,” “Questioning,” “Agender”… And one that especially caught Cas’ attention: “Asexual.” It was the first time he’d seen the term displayed in a public space like that. As if it was really something that existed, as if it was something that mattered, something that he wasn’t the only one to experience.
He winked again, and Cas had to remember his resolutions. No falling for Dean. Winking seemed to be one of Dean’s favorite means of communication, and Cas had to learn to not be sensitive to it.
“Internet,” Sam shrugged.
He stopped. What silly idea just came to his mind? Was he really going to invite Dean into his apartment?
“Yes, Tom. Do you know him?” Cas asked, curiously, before deducing, triumphant, “Oh, right! From the dating app! I keep forgetting you are using it as well!”
“Probably some tea.”
They didn’t mention the party or Dean’s comment about Cas “being hot,” and Cas thought it was for the best. The whole afternoon, he had felt very comfortable around Dean; no need to bring up a vexing question.
“Dean, I...”
“Or I don’t have to learn how to bake, of course! You could use our kitchen and I’ll go elsewhere! The living-room! My room! I won’t bother you! I could…”
When their lips finally parted, they let their foreheads touch, and Dean carefully opened his eyes. Cas was staring at him, and Dean felt like the angel could read through his soul.
"Cas?"
Cas rolled his eyes. As Dean ordered some pie to be delivered, Cas grabbed a blanket and joined Dean on the couch, throwing the blanket over them. Dean stretched out his arm to allow Cas to snuggle against him and Cas thought he could purr from happiness.
He paused and looked at Cas’ entire body once again.
“No offense, Charlie, but I’m fine, I’m confident enough in my bisexuality, thanks. I don’t need to talk about it to know that I both like hot girls, and hot guys. I don’t have any problem with it.”
Dean spotted a table in one of the corners of the coffee shop and he pointed it out to Cas. They sat down, and Dean handed him his drink.
“Hi, Dean, nice to see you! I was with the poker group this evening, and we miss you. Raphael is hosting a big tournament next Saturday. You think you’ll join us?”
“Oh, hey! What a surprise, I wasn't expecting to see you! A good surprise, of course! What was your name again? Dan? Carl?”
Jack moaned a little in pain, and Cas turned his attention back to him.
He quickly read through the comments from the TA. There weren’t many of them. He only made two little mistakes, but nothing too serious. Satisfied, he gave it back to his friend who decided to spend the entire hour comparing their works instead of listening to the teaching assistant explain how to solve practice questions that could be on the midterm.
He glanced at his phone, which was laying on his bed. Dean had told him “
Cas shouldn’t be angry; after all, Dean hadn’t done anything wrong. Cas had no right to be jealous that Dean had gone home with Lisa. After all, he could have been in Lisa’s place, if he had wanted! If that had been what he was looking for… He remembered the conversation he had with Meg a few weeks ago, about Dean: “
“Yeah,” Dean said, looking at him.
“Wow… Cas…”
“Though, it didn’t solve the problem,” Cas continued.
"Oh, you mean Castiel? Yes, of course, do you know him? I mean, there aren't many of us around, so I guess we've all run across the same profiles, so it's not too surprising. He's hot, isn't he? A little weird, though. The way he talks... Anyway, we had a very interesting conversation. The guy is pretty…straightforward about certain topics, yet he doesn’t seem to have much experience? Which is strange, I have to say. With such a dreamy look on his face, to be so inexperienced with sex at 45? I’m sure the guy could get whoever he wants!”
She shrugged. “Yeah, but I don’t know. We went out for drinks twice, and I went to watch his game Saturday, and… I guess he’s not too boring?” She seemed visibly uncomfortable.
Dean frowned. “We can stop watching, if you want!”
Dean rolled his eyes.
“Oh, okay. Well, I’m sorry, but Balt isn’t here. Yet.”
Did he? Cas had never even paid attention to Dean’s butt. Was it really special?
good. So he could consider the idea of having sex, especially with someone he liked a lot – like Dean. But only in this romantic context. Not for a one-night stand. Not for casual sex. He didn't want Dean to be his friend with benefits, he wanted Dean to be his
Cas smiled at the thought of Dean struggling with the 11 to 13-year olds, trying to not lose his temper.
“Indeed, I know Cas from class,” Meg said, a little bit uncomfortable.
“Oh,” April answered, a little bit disappointed. “Too bad for me. Welcome, Cas!”
"You’re gonna stay here watching me eat until I’m done?"
The cleaning didn’t take too much time – it was just putting the drawing supplies and the board games back into the supply room, and soon they sat down in the kitchen. Cas prepared two glasses of apple juice while Dean served the pie.
“Usually, Dean is more polite than that. I don’t know what  happened to him tonight. Perhaps it’s the alcohol.”
"Ah! I can see you now.”
“He’s… He’s ba-baking Christmas… Christmas cookies”, laughed Dean.
“It is not easy to describe. But I was…very confused and disoriented. All those new sensations…it was overwhelming.”
“Oh, Cas”, Dean smiled, castigating himself for his mawkishness, and simply replied, echoing the song they were listening to: “All I want for Christmas is you”!
“Well, I
This was nice of him. Even drunk, with a girl clinging to him, Dean found a way to think about him. However, Cas was too disappointed and even angry to be pleased about it.
Cas got closer, carefully listening. Maybe too close. Because now, Dean couldn’t focus on anything else than Cas’s face, so, so close. His piercing yet calming eyes. His nose. His lips. By the time he laid his eyes on his lips, he was lost. He leaned over. So did Cas. They were only a few inches apart. Dean could feel Cas’s breath. He could feel his thumb caressing the back of his hand. He closed his eyes. His lips met Cas’s. And the earth stopped turning. He had fireworks in his head and chills all over his body. It was magical, it was special. Dean had kissed a lot of people before. But it never felt this way. It never felt this right.
He closed the door and dropped onto the bed. Wow. That had been really awkward. Even Cas, who wasn’t the best at picking up on social cues, probably realized something was up. It was Dean’s fault, after all: he shouldn’t have risked leaving his room if he wasn’t able to look him in the eyes. The guy was living there, after all. And Dean would undoubtedly walk in on him again, sooner or later. It’s not as if he could permanently avoid him. Dean shifted on the bed and winced when his back hit something. He patted the mattress underneath him to find the object that had hurt him: his phone. Obviously. How could he have forgotten it? He unlocked it mechanically to discover Cas' photo and profile on the still-open application. His piercing blue eyes seemed to be looking directly at him - which, in fact, was the case, since Dean had taken the photo. Sighing, Dean pressed the button to turn off the screen. Suddenly very tired, he decided that he could deal with all this later.
Dean smiled lightly. "I bet!"
“Very nice,” Cas winced.
“I’m 43, Dean,” he argued.
“Hi!” Jack piped up, making them both chuckle.
What made him actually use it the next time they showered was Cas telling him that no one would know. It was pathetic, but it helped.
“Okay, good. Whatever,” he said, trying to play casual.
Dean shrugged.
“It’s Claire,” he said before answering, “Hey.”
Cas smiled, “Please, do.”
“Of course, Dean.”
His prayers were answered it seemed when it all suddenly went quiet. Only one thing could be heard, loud and clear,
“No, the living room is fine.”
“You know I don’t have a dick, right?”
“I don’t— I don’t really know what this is,” he said hesitantly.
Dean grabbed a fork on the table and quickly swiped a piece of Jack’s pancake, more to tease him than him actually wanting the pancake.
They decided to do it in their bedroom rather than in the shower room. Dean could sit on the edge of the bed and Cas behind him. It was better than standing up or, even worse, sitting on the floor. It didn’t take long, Dean’s hair had grown but it wasn’t that long.
The sound of porcelain cups breaking could be heard from all the way to the other side of the bunker. The shrill sound of them hitting the floor and breaking into thousands of little pieces, all covered up by the brown colour of coffee.
“You can’t cook.”
Dean clamped his mouth shut, sending a conflictingly grateful look Sam’s way.
hard to shower standing up. And he hated it. He wasn’t even 40 yet, why can’t he just shower standing up like a normal person?
“Thank you for this, Dean,” he said, a hint of a smile on his lips, “It was… pleasurable.”
“Hey,” he said, walking over and sitting down next to him. Cas turned his gaze towards him.
“Do you trust me?”
Cas laughed, looking away and wiping under his eyes with his sleeves.
“Are you okay?”
Dean looked over his shoulder, humming. On it was a text message, a picture of Gabriel with two girls on his arms.
Dean lowered his voice to just above a whisper, “Yes, please.” He paused for a second, “Kiss me first, though?”
“That you’re predictable.”
“That was… good.” Cas looked up at Dean, “Right?”
She chuckled, “True.”
Cas just looked at him. Dean rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, okay.”
Dean laughed.
Dean stepped up closer behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist.
“Can you tell dad to stop crying so you guys can leave?”
Cas tilted his head.
Dean pushed him and Cas laughed.
“Sex, Cas. Do you want to have sex?”
Dean rolled his eyes and turned around, starting to walk back to the car. Cas hurried after him.
Cas gave him a look, “You’re not driving.”
“Yeah, you are.”
Dean didn’t bother to argue with him on that, just reaching for the remote to turn on the tv. Together they settled on the couch, all wrapped up with each other. Dean pressed a gentle kiss to Cas’ lips.
? No way! Can I have some?”
soft,” he shot back. He sniffled, “I didn’t start crying until you left, anyway. Your fault for coming back.”
He pressed play.
Cas smiled, straightening his posture slightly.
“It’s okay, dad,” Jack said, wrapping his arms around him, “I’m still here.”
“Dean,” Sam interrupted him, smacking his arm, “Shut up.”
Cas walked over to him after finishing the dishes and grabbed his hands, pulling him up to his feet and unknowingly snapping him out of his own thoughts. He pulled him into a hug and Dean let himself float in his embrace. Warm and comfortable, someone he could lean against completely without worrying he’s too heavy because Cas can literally lift 10 tonnes like it’s a feather. It was nice, having someone he could depend on.
So after he got over the whole “holy shit Cas is seeing me naked” thing, he actually… enjoyed it. The help. It definitely took some pressure off. No more of his arms getting tired from scrubbing at his own scalp, no more back hurting from bending over. It was all he could’ve dreamed of.
“No, honey, that’s you,” Cas argued, “But I love you for it.”
Cas grabbed a hold of the first thing he could reach. The first thing he could
He hated to admit it, but he hid. He hid from his brother, he hid from his… whatever Cas is. He hid from his family. In a fucking closet of all places. Not even his own, just from a random room down the hall that no one uses. It was a full room closet though, which made him the tiniest bit less pathetic.
“No!” he giggled, “It’s my pancakes.”
He held out a hand, “Keys.”
“You could’ve fixed that when putting me back together, you know,” Dean smirked. He didn’t actually mind. His scars were kinda badass.
“It isn’t exactly easy for me either, you know,” she said. Cas could see her eyes glimmer from where the sun was hitting her face. Cas smiled at her, wrapping an arm around her shoulders.
“Well,” Dean started, “To quote your father from earlier, ‘maybe it’ll be someone cute’.” He wiggled his eyebrows.
“A little.”
“You good?” Dean asked.
“We’re gonna miss you.”
Cas rolled his eyes. They were both quiet for a moment before Claire spoke up.
He screwed his eyes shut, pressing his palm into his forehead. Cas reached out but he shrugged him off, walking away into the hallway.
Wednesday Dean was still working at the auto shop in the afternoon, but the morning was spent doing any and all work that he got over their long weekend. Though it was not much work it took him a few hours to get through all the subjects. Math was advancing quickly and he was finding it hard to keep up with all the formulas. English was an easy 250 word response about Jane Austen. The history reading he was saving for when it was undoubtedly boring tonight alone at the shop. No science and no Spanish for the week.
“Of course, Sir, as soon as he texts me.”
“Hey guys, sorry I’m late, I was trying to get the heat turned down in my room. I guess it does not vary by room.” The teacher frowned, walking around to lean on his desk. “I know it’s hot, but let’s try to focus. I’ll open these windows to circulate the air in here. It’s only fifty degrees, it's NOT cold!” He forgot he was speaking to a class and lost his temper. “Sorry about that.”
“I wish I could hate you, oh my gosh, you’re so stupid.” Charlie sighed at her best friend.
Thanksgiving hit them quickly. The brothers stuffed themselves to the brim with turkey, potatoes, and pie. There was an obvious reason why fall was Dean’s favorite season. Once dinner and desert was all cleaned up Sam and Dean politely excused themselves and headed home to watch whatever was on TV. They flipped through channels until they found “A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving” on one of them. It was a dumb tradition that Dean remembered starting with Mary, but he liked to keep it alive for Sammy.
There was a knocking at the door and a voice he recognized. The door swung open, but for some reason Benny was not by his side. His vision was blurred so he rubbed his eyes. Dean could finally make out the person in the doorway that was spilling light into the otherwise dark room. Castiel stood before him in a white button up, black slacks, dress shoes, a blue tie that brought out his eyes, and of course his trench coat. Soon Cas closed the door and relocked it behind him. Dean’s head cocked to the side, but was only met by a wicked smile on his teacher’s face.
The flashbacks are in italics. Let me know how the exponential time worked for you guys, could you keep up and did you like it?
” Dean laughed more. "No wonder something is wrong with the muffler, this car is ancient."
“This is so embarrassing” he hissed under his breath. Luckily his voice was drowned out by the engine revving. They took off down the road and back towards their house.
He doodled on the pages for about 10 minutes until an acceptable amount of kids had passed their tests in. He got up behind this kid named Karen Giles and followed her paper into the basket.
“What’s your favorite subject?” She asked lightly, tracing her hand over his knuckles and holding the menu with her other.
“What?” Dean asked with bacon in his mouth and whipped cream on his cheek.
For a minute when he had nothing to do Dean checked his phone and he had two texts from numbers he didn’t have saved.
“Dean, phone.” Mr. Novak scolded, suddenly all eyes were on him. He blushed and put it away. The teacher went on with the lesson and Dean dazed away to fantasy ‘Cas Land.’
“Bob, ’s okay, I’m almost 18, we will be out of there before you know it. If I don’t take it now it will go toSam and I can’t even bore that thought.” Dean comforted this boss in any way that he could. He sighed before clocking himself in, it did not seem like Bobby would be saying anything, anytime soon.
“Dean…o” Castiel looked at his brother like he had two heads.
“Alright, whatever I’l let you slide this time.” The younger brother sighed.
Dean was none too focused on his speech about the heat, but rather paying close attention to the way he looked without his trench coat on. While he did happen to see him in much more revealing clothing this weekend, he had never seen him like this. The yell also caught the student’s attention. It excited Dean and made him fall into a daydream. He was staring at his teacher walking around the front of the classroom.
“Oh shit, hey, sorry for sitting in your chair, and sorry again for swearing.” He was back to speaking very quickly.
Toweling off did most of the work. He walked back to his room with the white towel around his hips. His briefs clung to his body, but he kept pulling on clothes. He headed downstairs in a black AC/DC sweatshirt and worn down jeans with an unintentional hole in the knee.
"Are you hard, baby?” He teasingly tapped the tip and watched as the pre-cum left a stain on the boxer-briefs. Dean’s breath hitched and he thrusted his hips upwards for more contact. Benny snickered at his partner’s attempts to gain any kind of friction.
“What took you so damn long?” John was strangely calm. Dean flinched at this unfamiliar polite tone. That usually meant that things were not going to go well for him.
“Yes, you may redress, I’m sorry for touching you. May I ask what happened to you?” Castiel pushed carefully.
"Oh! Well I'm Dean, Sam's older brother.” He replied excitedly. "It's Mr. Moore right?"
Charlie let out a nervous chuckle and said “I am soooo not jealous that Dean liked boys and I don’t” she ended confidently, but earned a heavy glare from Dean.
Period 1: Spanish 3 - Señorita Carmelita - 7:25 - 8:10
“Uh, Sam has practice until 6:30, I have to pick him up and be home by seven.” He quietly thought out loud.
He proceeded to walk up to the door and unlock it. “HONEY, I'm home!" He all but shouted. There were muffled voices in the living room. Then the two kids appeared looking rather disheveled. Dean chuckled, he could see a dark hickey on Sam’s neck. There was another very clear hickey on Jessica’s neckline.
There was a quick succession of loud taps on the window next to his head. He jumped and hit his head on the roof of the car. He drew his hand from his face to his head which now hurt. Sam was laughing hysterically when Dean looked over. Rubbing his head with a scowl there was a click of the passenger-side door.
“Hello.”
“Of course, you are.”
Dean smiled and nodded, “It was great, Cas.”
“You’re so wise,” she said teasingly, making light out of her feelings, as she tended to do.
“Yahtzee,” Dean said quietly, pulling up into an alley. They got out of the car and made their way to the entrance.
“Alright, come here, baby.”
“Oh.”
“No?” he said, almost like a question.
“Are you okay?”
“Not for what we’re about to do, we can’t.”
Dean hummed, pressing his nose into Cas’ neck, right behind his ear.
“Think you can make it to the living room or do you wanna stay here?” Cas asked, keeping the low tone Dean set.
Cas shook his head.
Cas smiled, “I’m okay. Just miss you like crazy.”
Cas tilted his head, “What are we about to do?”
“You don’t have any STDs, do you?”
Dean let himself take a proper look at Cas as he got dressed, that being the only time Cas wasn’t looking back at him. He sighed sadly. He really was gonna miss him.
“Yeah, it represents my journey, yadda yadda.”
He adjusted his collar and then walked to the door. Cas stared after him before getting up and following him out.
“Yeah,” he said instead, “Sam won’t be home for another two hours or something.”
Dean made an even more offended face.
“Great! That’s just— great. That’s just fucking awesome. Exactly what we need right now.”
The guard looked him up and down.
Dean leaned his head on Cas’ shoulder as they pressed play on
Cas took it, “That sounds like a wonderful idea, Mr. Novak.”
. And it can’t be cured.
Dean blushed, surprised at the blunt wording even though he shouldn’t have been.
Cas looked at him, not with a look of disappointment, or betrayal. He just looked at him.
“Nothing, really. Just wanted to hear your voice.”
“Undress!” he said, a little forcefully. Cas reluctantly took off his trenchcoat. Dean nodded for him to continue. Soon they were both in underwear and socks. Well, Dean took his socks off because he’s
“Goodbye, old man,” Claire said.
“Just pretend I’m sleeping at Alex’s,” she said, trying to be nonchalant, “That’s what she told her moms to think. That she was sleeping at my place.”
She rolled her eyes and hung up, grabbing her bags and walking back to the car. Cas opened the passenger door and got out.
“Hey!” He said awkwardly, bringing the attention to himself. The two men looked over and just stared, waiting for him to say something else. Dean just stood there nervously, fiddling with the hem of his tank top.
Finally he leaned forward and kissed her. The spark that they shared was still there. The kiss was sweet and passionate at the same time. Old lovers coming back together, like the stars aligning after years out of focus. Dean pulled back first and Lisa didn’t fight it. A tear rolled down her cheek and Dean was quick to wipe it all away.
The engine  rolled over and Dean backed out of the driveway. The soccer game started at 7 so Dean watched them warm up for around an hour. He even kicked the ball around before everyone got there. While Dean hated lying to Sam, he usually did it so his little brother wouldn’t worry about him. He had work at eight, but there was definitely a party that he would be going to after. Benny had texted him about a get together at Crowley’s house. As awful as he and his mother were, they had money and lots of it.
“I was going to go get some breakfast with Lisa.” As he said her name she looked up and blushed a little bit.
He knocked on the door to his history classroom and walked in. He scratched the back of his neck as he awkwardly stood in front of his teacher as he was grading papers. Mr. Novak coughed to clear his throat and took off his glasses to look up at Dean’s green eyes.
Dean gasped and pulled his sleeve down, “Oh, I was cooking dinner for my little brother the other night and grease popped onto my arm and I -“ his sentence was cut off by the bell
“She kissed me! That's the best part. I wasn’t sure if we were just hanging out because of Dungeons and Dragons, but I guess not!” Charlie squealed. “I’m happy for you too. You and Benny seem really good. Any Lisa drama?”
“Okay, have fun.” Dean said “Wait up for me, there are new episodes of Dr. Sexy out.”
When Cas opened his eyes Dean did not take his hand away. Cas leaned forward to kiss him and Dean loved the feel of their lips moving in tandem. The older man reached out to touch Dean’s neck and it made him smile into the intimate moment.
The address was attached below his text.
“At least he doesn’t smoke in the house anymore” Bobby repeated bitterly. Dean couldn’t tell if he was mad at him or his father… or both. Either way he didn’t want Bobby mad.
“Maybe I’ll go try it sometime, a drive to the city doesn’t sound too bad.” Dean said with a light laugh and smiled naturally.
Dean chuckled, “You just never think about yourself, do you?”
Dean still looked unimpressed, “Sam can’t cook. I’m the one who does all the cooking.”
Dean finally met his eye.
She sighed, “Unpacking. It’s boring.”
Cas did his best to move back on the bed. He’s so awkward he made moving look unnatural. Dean shook his head as he moved up after him. He put a pillow under Cas’ head and helped him get comfortable. Their eyes met and Dean forgot where he was for a moment. Surprisingly enough, Cas was the one to break the eye contact, looking down at where Dean was straddling him. He looked like he wanted to reach out.
Cas nodded once, “Indeed.”
“That I did,” Cas said genuinely.
“What are they saying?” Sam asked.
“I don’t wanna play anymore,” he said, pushing it away childishly.
As the second pancake was in the pan, a freshly showered Dean walked into the kitchen. He ruffled Jack’s hair before walking over to Cas, giving him a kiss on the cheek.
“Yeah. Whatever.”
“I’ll teach you another time,” he said.
“Let’s!”
“Sorry, sorry!” he apologised urgently, quickly removing his arm.
“Dean, you’re still all blotchy, you’re in no condition to drive.”
“Do you know how to put it on?”
“Keep them there,” he murmured before kissing him again.
“Look, I've never had occasion, okay?” Cas responded.
“You mean to tell me you've never been up there doing a little cloud-seeding?”
“I got all I could ever want or need right here,” he said quietly, just for them. “There’s nothing for me to be jealous about.”
After their little bedroom activity, Dean jumped into the shower as Cas woke Jack up. He sent him to the bathroom before breakfast and prepared the left over batter in the kitchen.
“What?” he said grumpily.
Cas let go of Dean and reached over to pick him up and help him up into the front seat. Dean didn’t notice at first—too busy crying—but it was hard to miss when about 40 pounds landed in his lap and two small hands pried his hands away from his face.
“Are you sure you want this?”
Dean grumbled something under his breath as he handed them over, but Cas paid him no mind, just slipped into the driver's seat.
“What are we doing here?” Cas asked.
She hung up.
Cas started helping him shower before they got together. There was this one time when he didn’t shower for three weeks because he was in so much pain. Until one Tuesday evening, Cas had gone to his room and convinced Dean to let him help. And it took
“Pancakes it is.”
“Sleeping.”
It hurt. Of course, it did. But it also made him relieved. If an angel saw that he was in pain, saw that he was born with something outside the regular person, that means he wasn’t crazy. It’s not all in his head. It’s real, it’s happened. He was devastated and he was euphoric and he was in
“I’d like to… with you.”
When he turned back around he saw Cas at the doorway, looking down at his hands. Dean knows Cas still feels bad about not being able to heal him. On his worse days, he tells him as much. Dean never knows how to respond to that. “It’s okay”? It’s not. “I can handle it”? He can, but he doesn’t want to. “You’ve done everything you can”? He does tell him that actually, but Cas has never really internalised it. Dean never does when someone says that to him either, though, so he gets it.
“You leaving already?” Dean asked, sitting down on the couch.
Cas let out a laugh, one that wasn’t like him, one that Dean’s never heard before.
He put a hand on Cas’ cheek, wiping away his tears.
Claire called as Dean was making a late lunch. He answered and put her on speaker.
She turned and walked away for the second time. When she got to the entrance she threw a glance at them, waving. Dean closed the door to Jack just in time to see it. They waved back and then, she was gone.
“I can feel that actually,” Dean smirked and a blush creeped up Cas’ neck. He put his hands on Cas’ chest. “I don’t mind. It’s good,” he said softly.
“Really?” Dean asked in disbelief.
“Do you want to… uh,” Dean paused. He contemplated whether to even ask this, whether this was even a question. Maybe Cas has already told him the answer, maybe he’s just that lousy of a boyfriend that he doesn’t remember whether Cas wants kids or not. “Do you wanna keep it?”
“Of course. Now?”
“Well, we didn’t know that right away.”
“Look,” Cas said, showing off his phone. They had just finished eating and Cas was about to start with the dishes when he got a text.
They ate in silence. Dean too preoccupied with eating to make conversation and Cas more than comfortable to just sit and watch him. Every now and then Dean offered him a bite, wordlessly holding out his fork. Sometimes Cas leaned forward and took it, other times he shook his head.
Cas stumbled over his words, unable to make them into full fleshed sentences. His head was a mess, thousands of voices overlapping and begging to be heard first. It was like a whirlwind of information, spinning around in his mind.
Cas pulled away, putting his hands on his cheeks and kissing him lightly. Without saying a word they made their way to the shower room. They didn’t bother to lock the outer door since they were the only ones home.
“I know.”
“Okay, okay,” Cas interrupted them, “As much as I love listening to you two bicker, you” — he turned to Claire — “need to get yourself registered and set up, and we” — he turned back to Dean and Jack — “need to get going if we wanna make it home for bedtime.”
When the plate was empty and Dean was full, he took a deep breath and sank down in the chair. Cas took the dishes and walked them over to the sink. He rinsed them before putting them in the dishwasher.
“I’m fine, sweetheart.”
“Okay, okay,” Claire interrupted them, “Daughter leaving you for college over here.”
Together, Dean and Cas watched her walk over to the entrance. When she got there, she turned around, noticing they were still looking at her and waving them away. Dean made a gesture with his hand that said something like,
She was about to hang up when Cas said, “Wait! Here comes your dad.”
“You’re soft,” she said to him, but her voice betrayed her, cracking at the second word.
Dean scoffed, “It better have been.”
“Well, I got to go. Bed isn’t made yet and I’m really tired.”
“Okay.”
“Wait.” He pulled away, “Just— before we get undressed, I need to tell you something.”
“You were amazing.”
The timer on the counter rang, the shrill sound cutting into Dean’s ears. He watched as Cas grabbed the pot and poured out the water from the pasta.
“Do you want something or not?”
Dean and Cas shared a look.
“Ticklish?” he asked.
Dean stammered, “I— I don’t— we don’t
“Claire, don’t tell your dad that he’s old.”
Dean smiled as he met up with him, grabbing his hand and leading him down the hall. Cas smiled back, a little weak but there nonetheless.
“Why would I tell Sam?” Cas frowned, “I’ve gathered sex isn’t something you talk to people about.”
“Just—“ he grabbed Cas’ coat and pulled him closer, “Before I change my mind.”
They didn’t stretch out the shower today, Dean more looking forward to getting out and having their movie night. That didn’t stop him from enjoying the scalp massage he got, though. He doesn’t know where Cas got all his talent from, maybe angels are just naturally good masseurs. They did need something to do all the million years they existed in heaven before going down to earth after all.
He looked up and locked eyes with Cas. He nodded to him but he didn’t seem to get the memo. Not even a ‘What are you waiting for?’ expression helped.
He slowly got up, Cas standing beside him but making no move to help him, which— he’s specifically asked for. If he can’t even get up on his own, how is he gonna be able to do anything?
Dean reached down between his legs with his right hand just as Cas put his hand over the handprint seared into his left shoulder. Dean inhaled sharply and moaned as he came.
“Bye, Claire.”
. Cas, however, kept them on.
”Hm… maybe not.”
“Should I…” he looked down over Dean’s almost-naked body, “Should I do the same to you?”
He scoffed but before he could say anything else, Cas spoke.
Claire shook her head, “No, she’s coming tomorrow.”
Dean reached down to help him get in place and relaxed his body as much as he could. He nodded in confirmation, Cas seemed to need the validation that he was doing right when doing something new and Dean was more than happy to give it to him.
“Okay, let’s go.”
“Fine.”
“Oh. Thank you.”
“Do you?” he asked back.
“I can text her and ask?” he suggested, which Jack nodded eagerly at.
“Yeah. I don’t think it’s allowed to have boy/girl combinations.”
“Pity you’re gonna die in the morning.”
“I can choose to ignore it,” he clarified.
of convincing. He’d never needed help before. Okay, that’s not true. He’s needed help plenty of times. But his dad never cared enough and he sure as hell wasn’t gonna ask his little brother. So if it went weeks between showers, who cared? He didn’t exactly have friends.
“Sweetheart, when has he ever minded?”
He leaned forward, capturing Dean’s lips in a slow and gentle kiss.
“Maybe watch a movie?” he suggested, “I mean, we can lie down and cry together too but that sounds sad.”
Cas raised a shoulder, “Egg fertilisation can take days.”
“Not a word of this to Sam,” Dean said, pointing an accusing finger at him. They were out of bed now and getting dressed. They had spent a while in bed after, lying in comfortable silence and basking in the afterglow. But they had work to do so eventually they had to get up.
“Who knows,” Cas started after Claire and Dean separated, in an attempt to change the subject, “Maybe you’ll even meet some cute girls.”
his pain. Cas had looked him in the eyes and gave him what, at the time, was the most sympathetic look he could muster. All the hope Dean had gathered up since he was pulled out of hell had just seeped out of him before Cas even opened his mouth.
“Hi,” he said softly.
. Can’t believe he has to talk himself down from imagining doing this again. Just a few hours ago he had had to convince himself to do it at all. He shook out of his own thoughts and refocused his eyes, his gaze landing on Cas’ face. Cas looked nervous but excited. Dean better make this good for him, tonight being his last night on earth and all. And that he’s literally never done this before. Dean’s strangely proud of being the one to show Cas the ropes of it all, but hey, who wouldn’t wanna be the one Cas loses his virginity to? Look at the guy.
Cas couldn’t stop the smile he got at that.
Cas nodded, “Okay, sleep tight, sweetheart.”
“Do you think he would mind?”
Cas spent the night tossing and turning, and he had all but given up on sleep when the sun started peaking in through the blinds. He turned around and grabbed his phone from his nightstand, opening Candy Crush, planning to play that until Dean woke up. Which he did around 6.30.
“Sure.”
“I love you, too, dad.”
Cas looked down and started fiddling with his hands. There was a loose thread on his pants he started picking at.
“Damnit,” Dean muttered, shoving his hands in his pockets. He started to pace around the car, talking to himself, “Okay, uh… we’ll just— go to a motel.”
Dean held up an arm, “Come here.”
Dean scowled, “‘Of course, you are’. What’s that supposed to mean?”
They didn’t look long for a motel, just took the first one they could find. It wasn’t the cheapest Dean’s been at but not the most expensive either. The beds were… fine. He will definitely need a shower after. Maybe they’ll just stay on top of the sheets.
Dean faltered, not having expected such a genuine response.
Dean was standing behind Cas, leaning over his chair.
He smiled, “Lucky me.”
She smiled, looking down, away from the camera.
“That sounds lovely, Dean.”
“Just give me a sec.”
that it’s me. I mean, how can you be so sure? Maybe there’s… you know, other people… uh, angels—”
“What’s on your mind?” he asked.
Cas didn’t answer, just held his gaze steady. Dean looked back at the board and let out a fake sob.
“Dad!” he giggled. “Get your own pancakes!”
“You have no idea,” he said, his voice cracking and betraying him. He dragged a hand down his face.
He hadn’t told Dean what he had bought before getting it because he wanted to be sure it was actually in good condition and worked as planned. As soon as he confirmed that, though, he immediately went and found him. Dean had been surprised, to say the least. At first he got a little angry, snapping at Cas that he’s not an 80 year old, he can stand up by himself. Then, as he stormed off to his room and slammed the door shut, the shame kicked in. The thing was, it
“Dad, stop! ‘M eating!”
“Two hours,” she mumbled.
Cas put the phone away, “Good morning.”
“I’d be a lousy mother,” he said eventually. He heard a sigh next to him, a familiar sigh.
“When is Claire coming home?”
Dean hummed. He stayed there for a minute, closing his eyes as he kissed his way all over his chest, before moving on. He was just about to put his lips on him lower down when he remembered something.
“Well, damn… you sure know what to tell ‘em, huh?”
Dean and Cas were in the kitchen. They didn’t have much to do — it seemed like all monsters were taking a break from the eating and the killing — but they found chess when going through a room further down in the bunker and decided to play a game. It wasn’t very fun, Cas could see all of Dean’s moves before he even thought of them himself. He had no chance. He’s also never really been interested enough to learn how it actually works.
“Well I started teaching here three years ago, we’ve been friends for the better park of two years”
“I think you’re right” he laughed along with his brother. Sam joined back in and they just laughed at the whole demeanor of their father. This was a first for them, they hadn’t laughed like this in a long time, especially Dean.
“I don’t know, I am usually ahead on work, he kind of knows the home situation…” Dean said in a hushed voice as they moved to their designated stovetop. “So he has been giving me more work to finish so I have less work to worry about next week, kind of. I dunno if that makes sense, but I just keep daydreaming about the same history class.”
“So,, Gabriel, why’d you want me over here?” Dean asked after a quick laugh and a dip in the conversation.
“Well, like I said I was cooking pancakes and bacon for dinner the other night and some grease splashed on me out of the pan” Dean responded, sounding more confident than earlier, giving more detail to his lie.
During class today they were assigned an in-class project. Dean did not mind projects, but this one, a self-portrait was not his favorite. There was a twist though, one half had to be how you see yourself while the other had to consist of how your friends may see you.
“I’m not lying.” He said calmly. Before he had time to process John took a swing at him. The fist hit Dean right in the jaw, John had a right hook that hurt like a bitch.
“Oh yeah, big plans that involve me getting in my bed with my weighted blanket for at /least/ 8 hours.”
“Ahh, the great Charlie Bradbury speechless at the likes of me? This is one for the books.” Dean taunted as he pushed past her. This house felt like home to him, more home than his house where his father lived.
Panic set in when the bathroom was empty too. Dean rushed down the stairs to find a drunk John stumbling in the kitchen to get another beer. He knew his father had to drive home in the car which made him irrationally angry. He continued looking around the house for Sam, but only came upon empty rooms.
At the car he was out of breath and his heart was still beating out of his chest, but not from running. He had forgotten the chill that was setting into the air that finally hit him when he sat down on the cold leather of his Baby. What did he just do? Dean swallowed the words burning his throat and focused on the engine purring under him as he sped across town to the middle school.
It was a blessing to have John gone for a week or two. They did not have to work to avoid him. Sam and Dean got into a routine when John took these trips — though he had not been on one in a while. School to practice, to home, to work. Sam’s school got out at 2:30 as opposed to Dean’s 2:00; however this worked out for the practice-slash-pick-up situation. Since today was Monday both of the boys had practice after school.
Dean was crawling away from his father as best he could. John’s boot came back and hit Dean in the stomach. His son doubled over underneath him.
Dean get's a moment to address some of his trauma.
I hate the second half of this chapter but idk how to make it better either. I want death.
“I’m, uh, Jessica's father" The man sounded unsure of himself.
“No, my father wasn't around, my older brothers raised me.” He stated matter of factly.
“Yeah, I think I might like him a little bit, but it’s only been a few days, so I don’t know.”
“Sounds good to me!”
She looked up at him and smiled softly. “I’m actually free today if you are?”
“Okay, anything else?”
Dean always hated science, most of the time it made him queasy, not to mention the classroom was all the way across the school and up three flights of stairs. He rushed there through students congregating with their friends in the hallway, and made it just in time for the bell. Immediately inside he saw his friend - honestly he didn’t know what they were - Benny, who laughed and pulled out a chair next to him. Throwing his bag down he sat next to Benny who laughed again and put his hand on Dean’s thigh - Dean really didn’t know what to classify Benny as, a friend? boyfriend? friends with benefits? They were definitely something.
Dean then hopped on his bike and peeled out of the parking lot. He ran into some traffic on the way through town, but it was nothing major. He got there at 8:45. He called Sam, but he must have heard the roar of the bikes engine. He came out with an annoyed look on his face. Dean took the keys out.
Dean remembers regretting the words as soon as he had said them. On the other hand his teacher did not deny the statement, simply paid Dean for the muffler and let the conversation drift to an end with a ’see you in school’
“I think it's the muffler, but I could be wrong.” Castiel responded.
“Ahh, you and Gilda are so cute! I’m happy for you, Charles. Who kissed who first? I know you have been crushing for a few weeks.”
“Yes.”
“Heyyyy, maybe it's just because he thinks you’re cute” Charlie joked, in a feeble attempt to get her friend to smile, with no such luck
“How long have you and Ms. Masters been friends?” He asked casually in an attempt to make conversation.
“Okay, let’s go then!” The older brother pepped up.
“What ? What's wrong with my car? I like it"
“Oh yeah, thanks for staying to do the side work” Jo said over her shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gave him the helmet to which Sam grimaced again.
Dean heard what sounded like a kick to the shin and Castiel yell an “ow!”
Once they calmed down Dean rubbed away a tear before it fell from his eye. He took her hand again and she looked at him ever so innocent. “You are amazing.” He sighed at her, tucking her hair behind her ear. “You are beautiful, no, you’re gorgeous.” He said running his thumb across her rosy cheeks. “You deserve the best, better than me, better than anyone in this town.” She looked up at him with wide eyes.
Dean really wanted this night to be over. His stupid little uniform looked especially stupid right now as he walked over to his friends. Lisa had ended up on one of his teammates laps and that made him undeniably jealous. Benny however could not keep his eyes off Dean.
Tonight the drunk kids that he knew unfortunately were from the football team, including Benny. There were also a few cheerleaders with them. Clearly they had won tonight and they were out celebrating. One of the last people to walk in was his ex, Lisa. They still had something, but when she walked in his stomach dropped. Benny was sitting at the booth behind her with a bunch of guys.
Dean 12:58 pm
He shot him a text back:
“Oh yeah, how is the little guy?”
"I want you to ride me, Dean,” The look of mischief lingered in Benny’s hazel eyes as Dean swallowed his drool.
“Hey can you help over here?” Jo yelled from the other end of the bar.
“Well, A. I didn’t say that you should date her, just that you would like her ‘vibes.’ B. Let me finish, you’ll have your turn.” Dean huffed at her. “Anyway, the party was good, I almost beat Crowley in beer-pong, but I didn’t want to humiliate him in his own home. Uhh, then Benny and I had some great drunk sex-”
“Hey Dean!” His co-worker who usually works the graveyard with him said, startling him out of his daze.
On the way up the stairs there was a lot of fumbling but nothing could compare to Benny’s hands running up and down his body. They made it into one of the guest bedrooms finally and locked the door behind them. The music was thudding beneath their feet. Dean was forcefully pushed against the wall of the room in the fancy house. He whimpered in the heated kiss as Benny flicked his perky nipples under the black shirt that he looked so good in. The two boys pulled away as they undressed each other to their underwear. "Do you want to move to the bed or would you prefer to be fucked against the wall?" Benny whispered sweetly in the brunette’s ear.
Bobby stayed at the desk while Castiel led Dean to his car. When Dean laid eyes on the same gold pimp-mobile " he saw at The Roadhouse he started to laugh. “This… this is your car? Of course this is your car.”
On Friday, Dean had a game, but before his game he had to meet with Mr. Novak, that was their agreement if Dean wanted to stay under the radar.
Castiel chuckled and replied softly, “Anything you want Dean. I just want to be here for you.” With those words out in the open Dean visibly relaxed.
[I can’t stop thinking about you.] - DELETED
His phone buzzed in his pocket to a text from Jo.
“My least favorite class definitely has to be Math. Dr. Finnerman, it’s so weird that he forces us to call him Doctor. I’ve definitely seen him checking out some of the girls in my class.”
“Yeah, that’s it? January? I already have big plans for January.”
“You almost ready to go? Sorry it took me so long.”
“Wow I can’t believe he’s going to be a freshman next year.” She chuckled.
After a minute or so of repeating this mantra that his student obviously needed to hear, he crouched down to place one of his hands under Dean’s chin and guide him so their eyes met. The green in his eyes sparkled from the soft tears that were still rolling down his cheeks. Castiel did his best to wipe them away with his thumb to no avail, but the tears didn’t seem to be sad or angry anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
They sat down and started with the Calculus section of their practice packet, cross checking answers every so often. After a while Dean’s mind started to wander to Sam, then to Cas, then to his father. His dad wasn’t always this way, he barely remembered life before his mom died; but, he knew they were happy. He knew his dad was definitely not a raging alcoholic when Mary was still alive. When Dean was young John had told him stories about how he was raised as an army brat always moving around. His parents always wanted him to be in the Navy, ‘carry on the family tradition,’ even if that’s not what John had wanted. Since John was discharged he and Mary promised to be different and love their children and support them unconditionally, which was derailed by Mary’s death. After Dean’s mom passed in the fire, it was as if all the pent up rage, pain, and trauma caught up to him. Dean couldn’t recall the last time that his dad was sober, but he couldn’t blame him, he was in pain, his wife died, he had PTSD.
Yeah, Enjoyyyy
"Actually can we watch Dr. Sexy?" Dean said somewhat nervously, instinctually looking over his shoulder for John.
Dean all but ran out of the room and down the stairs to his next class. Charlie was waiting at their table while everyone else was at their cooking stations.
“I’m…sorry…it's…just that…you use the same… conditioner,” Dean explained through laughs that he still couldn’t contain.
“Yeah, that would be nice.” She grabbed the pizza boxes off of the table and Dean grabbed the tray and plates he had set out earlier. She smiled at him and walked up stairs with him in toe.
I apologize for the sexie scene, I didn't want to waste writing, but I still hate it.
“Hey, is your brother okay?” She asked, sounding slightly worried.
“Y’know people aren’t my favorite, it took me a little while to warm up to her. But we were both new, so it was easier to work together rather than against each other.”
“Okay, let’s go then!” The older brother pepped up.
“I’m sure he’ll appreciate that.” Cas laughed back.
"It's Cas now is it Mister Winchester?” Castiel punctuated his student’s last name. The nickname did sound good though , not many of his colleagues found it easy to pronounce his name. Maybe Meg’s name would catch on. As long as it was not ‘Cassie’ as Gabriel insisted on calling him.
The bell in the kitchen rang loud and clear and he went back there to grab the food. Of course it just had to be nachos and mozzarella sticks for table two.
“Oh, I think I did fine, it was just like we did on Friday.” Dean responded absentmindedly, still thinking about his teacher and how he hoped Cas would be there.
Sam finally broke his silence by saying “Why are you like this?” Unknowingly repeating Charlie’s words from earlier. “You’re almost 18!! I am almost in high school! Your antics aren’t cute anymore.” His little brother complained.
Mrs. MacLeod - or ‘evil ginger bitch’ as Dean preferred - started the class by scratching her long, neon acrylics on the chalkboard. Half the class moaned and the other half moaned and covered their ears. At least Benny took his hand off of Dean’s thigh.
He brought them over, terrified for the awkward conversation that he knew would ensue. “Here you guys go! Extra sour cream just for you guys” Dean smiled and winked at the two men.
Once he plopped down on his bed he knew he was beat. He peeled his jeans off of his body, followed by his shirt. He climbed under his comforter in his boxer briefs. Tonight was the end of his always long weekends. He slid his hand under the band of his underwear and sighed heavily at the release of tension.
“Get your guy under control man, he could barely get into the stall by himself.” Dean snapped at his teammate before making his way out of the bathroom.
“Oh, that’s cool, I wanted to be a teacher when I was really young, but now I’m looking into mechanics. I work at Singer’s Auto Shop on West Main Street.” Dean was attempting to distract his teacher from the topic at hand.
“All right, lemme grab a jacket real quick.” He said walking towards the coat closet. Where are we going anyway?”
After finding a comfortable pace — pumping his cock — he started to move the dildo in and out. The silicone was curved to hit his prostate every time, so he knew he was not going to last much longer. He started to pick up the pace as he felt the heat rising in his stomach. Soon enough he could not handle anymore, he came, the name ‘
“Mhmm” Dean muttered as he clocked out.
preview:
“Oh, I can see where you might have thought that. Next time just be home as soon as you wake up. Where’s that little brother of yours?” John smiled at Dean.
“I think you have some drool there Dean-o.” Charlie stifled a laugh. Dean wiped at his chin and sure enough he had been. His face turned red immediately, hopefully Cas had not noticed. Dean liked the sound of Gabriel’s nickname on Charlie’s lips though, it was friendly and fun.
“Bitch.” Dean rolled his eyes before turning the channel to his favorite show. Even though Sam would never admit to it, he liked the show too. He also enjoyed the time spent with his brother.
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice rang in his head, but what started out as a moan in his fantasy became real. Charlie nudged him, hard.
“N-nothin’”
“Right. What are you sorry for?” Castiel prompted the clearly nervous boy.
The lube dripped onto his fingers, it was cool and he knew it would feel better than the rough condom from last night. He cringed internally as he remembered some of the things he said in the heat of the moment. Dean turned on his side so he had easy access to himself. His lubed fingers found their way to his tight opening, while his other hand fell back to his hard cock.
He hopped in the car and headed to work. To his surprise it was very busy when he got there. He jumped right in behind the bar, because tonight Ellen couldn’t come in: she had a date which she refused to talk about with Dean or Jo. He quickly scanned the large dining room for John, thankfully he came up blank. After throwing on his “Roadhouse” shirt he was already making drinks.
They sat there in silence for a little while, both of them lost in thought. Dorothy came back with their drinks, interrupting them. She smiled at them and said something about their food that Dean didn’t really hear, too focused on his thoughts. He happened to be thinking about school and homework and what he had to get done before tomorrow. Lisa was looking out the window of their booth at the cars passing on the road, she was clearly lost in thought as well. Once Dean came to he looked at her for a few seconds. Her eyebrow was furrowed how it always was when she was thinking.
“Uhh, yeah I am, I’m a junior and I’m in his US History class. I was thinking about doing taking his military weapons class next year.” Dean scratched the back of his neck. He remembered the bruising on his stomach when he felt a quick pinch and put his arm back down quickly. Dean was not planning on running into anyone he knew here tonight.
“Just make sure you take your time and do not get hurt, I cannot deal with another Lisa situation. You were a wreck for MONTHS Dean… months.”
The younger boy sat unmoving at his desk shaking his head back to life. “I’m sorry.” He did not meet the teacher’s eyes.
Sam nearly choked on the other end of the phone. The ‘oh’ on the other end of the line was barely audible and Dean hung up. He watched the road in front of him getting blurry as tears threatened to fall. He blinked a few times and breathed very slowly. They ended up going away but the cause of them was still there. No son should react the way that Sam or he did when talking about their own father. John had failed them over and over and Dean was so sick and tired of it, but he always held it together for his Sammy. He was a mother and a father for that kid and he was damn proud of the brother he raised. Dean pulled up and Sam was out the door before he could even honk.
“Well, Cas is kind of my… uh… teacher.
“Thank you sweetie” she chimed.
“DEAN!” Mr. Novak yelled in front of the entire class.
The brothers spent the rest of the morning laughing and looking back on the strange habits of their father. The very concept of him being kind to his sons seemed confusing to them. In the meantime Dean whipped up some eggs and toaster waffles for them to eat. He called Lisa to apologize and explain, to which they had another little chuckle.
“Whatever, why didn’t you invite me to that party on Saturday?” She complained again.
They sat in comfortable silence as Sam finished his pizza and Dean sang along to the booming music. As they neared the house he lowered the music and gave sam a knowing glance. A look that said ‘get in, get out.’ In the drive way Dean shut off the car and they both took deep breaths before they got out of the car. As soon as they got to the door, Dean instinctively puts himself in front of Sam, expecting the worst.
“I said nuff wit da lyin’, ya hear me?” John moved closer. Dean stayed put.
When Dean got home he was more worried about Lisa than anything else. He left her with the bill and no explanation . The sound of his fathers voice shook him on the phone, he came home so quickly he thought he was going to get pulled over. The front door slammed open and Dean looked up from his thoughts to an angry looking John. Yet he still could not figure out why his father was calling him at nearly seven in the morning.
This one basically gives a bunch of background. Gives Charlie some depth and John. Start to see Dean and Sam's relationship, which we love. Dean is a good guy and I love him. Dean goes to work.... one of three jobs.
He just scoffed and mumbled a half hearted apology while taking his seat next to her.
“I feel that, I have to pick up my little brother from a sleepover and then I’m headed straight to my bed for sure.” Dean laughed.
“Hey Meg, what’s up?” Castiel asked as he moved towards her to talk in the hallway.
In the car Dean pulled out his phone to call Sam. He did not pick up at first, but after the third try he finally answered. “Hey!” Sam answered cheerfully. “What’s up?” Dean could hear him chewing on something, probably a pancake, those were his little brother’s favorites.
After finally cleaning. Up it was around 10:30. Dean had work at the auto-shop in the next town over at noon, but helped to be early. Since John left them the eye to the car he asked Sam if he had any plans today.
Before he knew it his watch read 7:30pm. He disappeared without a trace in the crowd. When he got to the car he sent Sam a quick text to his brother to read after the game.
“No, Dean, as long as you are sure of yourself and stay safe, that’s all I care about. I just want you to be happy.” Sam gave his brother a warm smile. “Now, can we go homeeee I have school tomorrow!”
He stopped at Mr. Novak’s desk and waited until no one was in the classroom before he started to speak. “M-mister Novak” he stuttered, getting his attention from the chalk board.
“Actually he just went on a hunting trip with his friend, uhh, Daniel… Elkins I think” Dean smiled brightly at this information.
When he wrapped up the lesson with around five minutes left of class he went over what they were supposed to do for homework, watch a video and answer eight questions. After everyone had acknowledged that they had homework, he let them talk amongst themselves. Castiel found himself listening extra close to a certain conversation.
“Of course baby,” She responded smiling warmly at her daughter. Dean smiled and waved as he poked his head out from behind Charlie. “I swear you get taller every time I see you.”
On the way to Cooking class Dean was staring at a number on his phone screen. His history teacher's number to be specific. Ghosting his finger over the number debating between texting him or not. Charlie noticed this conflict within him, but did not say anything outright about it. She did not recognize the name or the number he was so worried over.
Both men were silent for a little too long and just kind of looked at Dean in awe or terror, either way, Dean was working. He walked over to one of the other tables he was supposed to be taking care of, every so often looking over his shoulder to the booth in the corner. They were laughing and smiling and Dean was working hard.
“Yeah. Don’t you worry about that, kid. I got it covered.” Dean laughed. He would not use more than one hundred dollars, he had already planned out the night.
Benny smirked as he slowly pulled off both of their boxers, watching Dean glance at anything except for this boy’s eyes. Teasingly, the southern born boy spread apart Dean’s legs and sucked on the tall prize before him.
His loud moans and pants blended in with the music pounding just down stairs. He knew exactly where Dean enjoyed being touched and how to give him a bigger wave of pleasure. “M-mm! Y-you can fuck me now!” Dean’s face was completely red. His eyes were half-lidded with drool coming out if his strawberry lips.
“Yeah, thank you for tipping, we really appreciate it. How have you been?”
“Alright, drinks coming up and I’ll go put in your order for nachos and mozzarella sticks.” Dean cut into the banter that was about to take place. Once he walked away he took a deep breath. Somehow he knew this was going to be a long night for him.
“Nah, it was just on TV.”
Dean got up and walked into the kitchen, his friend’s voice fading out of range. He knew this house like the back of his hand. They met in the first grade when Dean spilled his PB&J all over her ‘123 Book.’ She was so mad he could have sworn her head was going to pop off, but their teacher, Mr. Henriksen cooled her off with a more interesting book. At recess that day she pushed him into the wood chips and they laughed it all off. As long as Dean can remember he has loved making Charlie laugh, it made him happy, calm. After that fateful day at recess Dean was pretty much in the Bradbury house every week, he used any excuse to not be at home, he even brought Sammy around as he got older.
He left and started his car quickly and turned left towards the middle school. Metallica blasted through the 1967 Chevy Impala and Dean let a smile rest on his face as he rolled the windows down. He knew this would nearly embarrass his little brother to death. His left arm hung out the window and he laughed to himself.
“Listen, I’m sorry it just came out” he laughed nervously
“Okay… I just sent the address.”
“Uhh, well a few tables just came in, I’ve been working the bar, Ash and Jo are on the floor. Why don’t you grab section one the new tables sat over there.”
“Ya, okay, fine, but tell me how it was anyway.”
“I know, Dean. I know.” She said returning the stare while he teared up a little bit. He pulled away and wiped his eyes before any tears could fall.
Sunday Dean took a trip to Kansas City, where one Gabriel Novak just so happened to own a bakery. He had to make it there and back before work and for Sam’s breakfast.
“That place looked like fun! You got enough money?” Sam sounded genuinely concerned, obviously he knew about their issues.
“Finish your breakfast soon, I’ll be there in five.” Dean paused for a moment. “Dad wants us home.”
“Crispy chicken wrap sounds so good right now.” The salad he was eating, nearly gone.
“We should probably get back downstairs.” Benny said matter of factly, not making any moves.
Dean was rethinking the entire situation that happened after school as he walked up to Charlie’s door. He knocked and felt calm for the first time in weeks. A few moments later the door swung open to a nervous looking Charlie startling the boy out of his haze. He just gave her a knowing nod and she visibly relaxed, but didn’t notice she was still in front of the door.
Dean laughed and blushed at the words. He then heard a loud thud under the table which must have been Castiel’s retaliation from earlier.
Even with his helmet in hand he managed to forget that he just had his bike on him and not Baby. Sam would have to suck it up. Alfie’s house wasn’t too far away from theirs, 20 minutes at the most. Either way, he had no other options because he wasn’t going to go out of his way for his baby brother.
“Wha’ da hell you watchin’ boy?” John sneered at Dean.
“O-Okay. I am pulling up now.”
He nodded again as Charlie walked over to the bottom of her stairs and yelled up to her mom, “HEY MA! YOU WANT SOME PIZZA??”
“You wanna eat with your mom?” He offered.
They sat and chatted about school, girls, boys, and life. By the time that they were all full there was one piece of bacon and two slices of cheese.
“Are you prepared to answer the question or was I interrupting something?” Novak snapped at him, obviously disappointed.
When Dean walked into his Spanish class his jaw dropped. Instead of Señor Roman there was a rather attractive blonde woman at the front desk. Dean found his usual seat towards the back. The class collectively stared blankly until the final bell rang.
“Did you have a good time last night?” Lisa asked a bit awkwardly.
“He has a sleepover, Sir. For a school project.”
There was a light laugh on the other end of the phone that made Dean forget what had happened, even just for a moment. “That’s good, exactly what an athlete like you needs.”
“Ah, and what are we not jealous of over there miss Bradbury?” He questioned, eyeing Dean as she nervously looked around the room.
“I have work tonight, so it will probably be late.”
“Pfft, you think I don’t know that your Dungeons and Dragons group meets every Saturday? Don’t even try me with that Charlie. Plus you hate parties, no one is weird enough for you.” Dean smiled, satisfied with himself.
The cute brunette man in the booth laughed at Dean’s change in demeanor.
“Yes sir!” Sam mocked, but turned to go up to his room.
“Hey, who are you?" Dean asked kindly.
Lisa is back and better than ever. I don't know what else to say, they have breakfast.
“Okay everyone, start to work on tomorrow's homework. If I see a phone I will write you up.” Dr. Finnerman stated loudly for the whole class to hear. There were some heavy signs, but they were pretty used to their anal teacher by now. Dean grabbed the work he had just put away. He got three or four questions done out of 10, when the bell rang. He would have to finish the rest before practice today if he wanted to stay on top of all his homework.
Dean searched his pockets for money while Cas grabbed his wallet. As Cas was taking his credit card out, Dean beat him by giving the barista a ten-dollar bill.
“I’m glad to hear it. Nice jacket, by the way. It's a change from your usual trench coat!”
Cas’ smile didn’t leave his lips for the rest of the evening. He might look a little bit silly, but he didn’t mind. He was happy.
Flashbacks of his meeting with Dean suddenly filled his mind and he closed his eyes for a few moments, reliving the scenes from the day before. He smiled, content. He felt good today. He was in a good mood, fully rested, ready to face the day. He got up and went to the kitchen, deciding to get some breakfast before anxiety could overtake him and prevent him from eating.
Dumbstruck, Dean kept looking at him even a few minutes after he left the bar and disappeared. He shook his head, and then took a sip of his beer. That had been… unexpected. He couldn’t believe Cas really used the dating app. Knowing he created a profile was one thing, but learning he was really talking and flirting with guys on it? When he was still an angel, Cas never showed the slightest interest in romance and sex. So what, did he just get new urges when he became human? Why didn’t he ask Dean or Sam instead of looking for answers on a dating app?
“I know. I’ll think about it.”
But his roommate didn’t know how right he had been.
Dean's words ignited a rush of courage in Cas that he didn't know he had.
“Aromantic and asexual?” Cas repeated. “What is that?” he asked, looking at Dean.
“Here?” Cas asked, a little bit too quickly.
“Even with him, I didn’t want to have sex. I found him beautiful, but I still didn’t want to do it.”
is great, too, I learnt a lot of things while watching it. Then, you can move on to…”
“It’s fine, ma’am. You don’t have to justify yourself. We are delighted to have Jack with us! Maybe you could check the paperwork with my partner, Cas, over here while I show Jack around?”
Cas shook his head, annoyed. “I wouldn’t say that…”
“Dude, what the hell did you do today? Where were you?” Sam asked, furiously, as soon as he heard his brother was home.
The barista shook her head in disbelief but still laughed slightly as if it wasn’t the first time that Dean had acted that way with her.
“It’s the first time he’s joined a program like this,” the mother explained, “but I’m a single mother and I have this new job, and I have shifts on Saturday afternoon, and…”
Very gently, Dean pushed aside some of the locks of hair that had spread across Cas' forehead with the rain. He seemed very unsure, almost afraid of doing something wrong. His fingers were shaking a little, and then he took his hand away from Cas’ face.
“I wanted to ask you… I know it’ll sound silly, but…  What do you think of my clothes? Are they… appropriate for what we’re doing?”
This volunteer program would offer him the opportunity to be helpful, to finally feel useful, and it would be a way for him to get out of his comfort zone. In theory, it was perfect for him. But now that the meeting day was approaching, he could feel the anxiety growing. He almost wondered whether he could send an email to drop out, saying he was sick or that he wouldn’t have time to volunteer this year. But deep inside, he knew that running away wasn’t a long-term solution. The worst part would be the first day, the first meeting, because he had no idea of what to expect. After, it would be easier because he would have time to prepare himself, to visualize how things would go, how the rooms would look, who the people involved would be, before the meetings. The first time was always the worst, but he knew he could do it. He would feel very uncomfortable, but then the feeling would progressively go away. He could do it.
It was clear: Dean didn’t want to talk more about his own feelings. Cas could understand that. They weren’t close, they only met one week ago. Yet, he had just had a heart-to-heart conversation with him, trusting him with his struggles, admitting that he was weak. Usually, it was really hard for him to open up to others. Dean really had magical powers. Not only could he appease him and calm him down, but it was also ridiculously easy to talk to Dean. He listened carefully, and Cas didn’t feel judged or anything. He could just be himself and didn’t feel as if he had to hide his weaknesses to protect himself.
Cas laughed.
Dean grinned. “I’m not going anymore. Turns out I have better plans instead!”
“I have to finish what I’m doing here, but you and Cas eat, and I’ll reheat my food later, don’t worry”
Cas bit into a chocolate-flavored cookie, focusing on the taste, while Dean stared at him impatiently.
Cas heard the other players agreeing, before retreating to his room. His heart was beating very fast. He took a deep breath.
“Why did you call me, then?”
“What do you mean, “easing the pain”? “Ripping off the bandage”?” Dean asked, surprised.
Dean opened his mouth to answer, but someone called him from the living-room. “DEAN? You coming or what? We’re waiting for you to start!”
“Yeah, I’d like that,” Cas answered, confirming the fact that, yes, he was really Dean’s boyfriend. “After all, it seems that maybe there will be more than one ace to play…”
“You know, there’s a basketball game, varsity team, tomorrow night…”. He stopped again, looking fixedly at the road to avoid meeting Cas’ eyes.
“Maybe not intentionally,” Dean conceded.
He winked at Cas when he said the last words, and Cas blushed tremendously. What was happening?
“Um, he’s uh… He’s not in a relationship, no. I didn’t even know he was in the dating game before yesterday,” he heard himself answering.
Cas turned in his arms.
She nodded.
“Sorry.”
“You can touch me, you know,” Dean said.
“Did it go well with Jack?” he asked when they both had calmed down.
“Hi, little man,” Dean said. He walked back to him and wrapped his arms around him tightly, shaking him back and forth. Jack let out a loud laugh.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said, “I liked your scars.”
Dean reached down and pulled off his underwear, spreading his legs so Cas could settle between them. Before Cas did anything more Dean told him to wait and reached for his jeans, that he thankfully left just below the bed, and pulled out the condoms and tiny bottle of lube he was always carrying with him. He double checked the date on the condoms and saw that they were good before holding it up for Cas to see.
“Have you slept at all?”
Cas groaned again, pressing his palms to the sides of his head. Begging for it to calm down, for it to stop.
Dean spluttered, “Wh— I— Cas! You gonna let her talk to me like that?”
A small smile made its way to Dean’s face, Dean being unable to stop it. He kissed Cas again to hide it. This time, to Dean’s surprise, Cas’ hands moved. They circled around his waist until Dean was completely surrounded by him. Dean’s hands moved further up into Cas’ hair. It all felt so much better than he thought it would. Until a thought hit him.
“Did you wash your hands?” Cas asked as Jack came into the kitchen.
They both turned to Dean as he got out of the car, Jack sitting securely on his waist. The tears had stopped but his eyes were still red-rimmed.
That night, after Dean was all cried out, and after putting Jack to bed, Cas started crying. Not the sobbing that Dean did, where it was more face contractions and shaking shoulders than actual tears, but the hollow, silent, never-ending tears just streaming down his face. He had been so busy thinking about Claire, then Dean, then Claire again, then Jack, that he never stopped to think about what he was feeling during all of it. Guess he knew now.
“Jealous? Why would I be jealous? I got my best boy right here.”
Sam wasn’t as quick.
,” Dean said, “You love classic rock.”
Dean looked down, putting a hand on his stomach out of instinct. There was nothing there. Or, well, there was, obviously. But nothing visible.
The rest of Dean’s shift went pretty smoothly, he had a bunch of regulars that he knew and loved. Around ten o’clock it the food orders slowed down significantly and they started to clean up the kitchen. Ellen thought it was appropriate to leave, she trusted everyone else here to close up properly. She took Dean off the floor and stuck him behind the bar, but he told Ash and Jo that he would keep an eye on table two.
Dean 11:05pm
A loud growl from his stomach snapped him back to reality and Charlie snorted with laughter. “You wanna take a pizza break?” She said in between laughs.
“Sorry they’re in a napkin, but I know you love powdered donuts. I had a post-test party in my English class, we all aced it!” She said excitedly. “Suck it, Great Gatsby!” Charlie giggled at herself.
Both of the boys rushed inside, expecting their father, but he was nowhere to be seen, or heard. “Dad?” Dean called out cautiously.
“Absolutely, I’ll go put in your order and I’ll be back with drinks.” She said cheerfully before walking away.
I am decidedly terrible at chapter descriptions. I was thinking about writing part of this in Castiel's POV lmk what you think.
Dean shuddered with the sudden feeling of hot breath in his ear and buried his face in Benny’s chest. The larger blonde boy smiled and carried Dean bridal style to the large bed. Dean lay there on his back as Benny took in every inch of him. He immediately pinned his hands above his head and started to attack the vulnerable boy with kisses and hickies. Dean’s face was flushed and bit his lip, only to have muffled moans to escape. Benny smirked and traced his hands over the well-built body and hovered over a particular tent.
“Yes please, more drinks, Dean. Keep them coming until you leave.” Castiel cut into whatever Gabe’s drunken head was going to say.
“Here.” He smirked nonchalantly, like he was not just thinking about sucking his teacher’s dick. Cas smiled back, no teeth showing, unlike his smile this weekend when Dean saw him.
(See the end of the chapter for
They left the house without looking back. Dean could not wait until he left that house for the last time. He would miss the memories of his mother, but they had been drowned out by the years of beatings. All that was really left of Mary were pictures and old jewelry. The house smelled like John, which consisted of cigarettes and Jack Daniels, sometimes beer. It was no longer his home, home was someplace you felt safe and that was not his childhood house in Lawrence Kansas.
All Dean could think about the next morning was his teacher, and not in a school related context. He even had to take care of himself in the shower. Dean felt dirty in both meanings of the word. Everything that happened over the weekend with ‘Cas’ — god Dean loved that nickname — made him see all of his teachers as people rather than mindless drones.
Bobby was making small talk when Dean walked in.
“Maybe we could hang out sometime? Grab a coffee?” Dean asked, moving over towards the cupboard full of mugs.
“Hey dude, I didn’t hear from you all weekend. What gives?” Charlie said with a hurt tone of voice as she bumped into his side.
“Ah, so chivalry isn’t dead?” She queried jokingly
“We got this in the bag.” Charlie smiled leading Dean into the class with their laced hands. They put their bags down and pulled out their huge calculators that cost way too much money — god they were nerds.
Every time he went over there to refill their drinks they got a little more forward. Gabe would say some flirtatious comment and Castiel would immediately shut him down. Every time Dean thought his teacher’s name he became more comfortable with it, so much so he started calling him Cas in his head. Since he heard Ms. Masters say it to him so casually he couldn’t help but like it too. Cas was harsh to his brother, it was sweet, almost like he was protecting Dean. Dean didn’t need to be protected, but he came off that way after school, breaking down and everything.
