Maybe going home with Tonya wasn’t such a good idea tonight, he thought as he slowly pushed through the crowd towards the bar. He wasn’t really into it at this point. Ironically, he still wasn’t affected by the alcohol either as if fate had decided that he didn’t really need that tonight.
John pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation. “No. We were watching telly together and he tricked me into thinking he was just going downstairs to fetch something from Mrs. Hudson.”
John’s voice turned soft. “Look, Sherlock. I know you want to go home, I understand. But let’s keep you closely monitored for the night and maybe we can talk about when you can leave tomorrow, alright?”
As the ambulance started to drive a paramedic, not the woman from before, she was on the other car tending to Sherlock’s attacker, looked at John cautiously as he held up a needle. Apparently, he had been warned about him.
It all seemed very unfair to John and he wished he could get a hold of an Omega, talk with them, ask their opinion on being treated like this. Did they hate being diminished to bearing children, taking care of the house, rarely allowed outside to enter other possible careers? Or was it okay for them, because it was in their nature to do those things and not the other ones?
John returned his friend’s gaze skeptically. He sensed that Sherlock was trying to hide his vulnerability, he knew that Sherlock could not be alright, but he also didn’t want to press the matter anymore. Sherlock was a very special person and he was John’s friend. He was not like other people, he needed his space more than anyone, John knew that. He would not force him to talk about this if he didn’t want to.
“Yes, you do.” Greg grinned back. “Come on, get out of here. Who knows in what state his nibs is currently. I doubt that Mycroft would have left him unsupervised, but experience tells us they don’t get along too well so maybe you should go see if they’re alright. If Baker Street is still standing.”
“What?”, John asked incredulously, “you can make my attempted murder charge go away, but you can’t just make them convict him?”
He felt his face growing hot and he seriously hoped it did not show on the outside. His heart was pounding in his chest and his throat felt blocked up, it was getting hard to breathe and there were tears starting to form behind his eyes. But with sheer willpower he forced them back, all he did was swallow, but his face remained as impassive as ever.
“Keep it down you two, “the red-faced Beta hissed, glancing around to see if anyone was looking at them. “You’re making a spectacle out of yourselves.”
It felt wrong doing this, without Sherlock’s consent, without him being conscious even, but it couldn’t be helped. He just hoped he wouldn’t wake in the middle of John undressing him and freak out because it possibly reminded him of previous situations in which he had been undressed against his will.
He let himself be ushered towards his bedroom by Mrs. Hudson and promised her to go to bed immediately and not lie awake to start writing that article.
He closed his eyes and concentrated on just breathing, getting his heart rate down. Sherlock was out of immediate danger and he needed him now, so he had to pull himself together and be there for him.
I hope you like the new chapter, thanks for all the kudos' and comments, they are very much appreciated and keep me motivated:)
“Still, I’m responsible for his health and I fear I have to insist he’s coming with us, “she said stubbornly.
No. He realized he could not bear it. Now that he realized what he really felt for Sherlock he knew he could not go on like before. He needed to tell Sherlock about his feelings. But he knew it would be overwhelming for Sherlock and he was in no state for something big like this so he would have to postpone it until he was better.
Attending the first practice of Durham’s rugby team late Friday afternoon helped a lot. As soon as he started warming up with the other blokes, running a few laps, stretching his limbs, he felt the anticipation he always felt when he was on the field. When he tackled a teammate for the first time, both of them falling to the ground in laughter, the familiar feeling of the surge of adrenaline kicking in, he felt free and young and he forgot about everything else. He trained hard, pushing himself to his limit, and almost didn’t feel his shoulder afterwards. When his teammates decided to go into town for a few drinks he didn’t hesitate and went with them.
Chances were that Sherlock didn’t need to devise a plan anymore because he already had one. Proper genius that he was, one could safely assume he had already thought of some mind-numbingly brilliant exit strategy for them ages ago and was only going over the last few details in his mind.
He stopped to stand at Scott and Samantha’s table and stared down at the destroyed microscope, his eyes flashing with unbridled ire. The air was suddenly heavy with the spicy, smokey scent of a furious Alpha and most Beta students instinctively ducked their head in silent submission, while the Alpha students lowered their eyes accordingly.
For a split second he thought Sherlock had decided to discover his hitherto dormant sexuality exactly tonight and go have fun with a stranger.
He waited for an answer from Sherlock, his eyes expectedly flitting over Sherlock’s face. When Sherlock just stood there, staring at him helplessly and unable to reply, he eventually shrugged and said “Okay.”
“Okay, and yogurt, to get some proteins into you, “John said quickly before Sherlock could change his mind again.
But the very thought of not being near Sherlock and maybe even never seeing him again, caused John’s stomach to cramp and his heart to flutter nervously in his chest, so he stopped thinking about it. How pathetic would it be if he broke down now, just because his flatmate didn’t care about him being in prison?
“Boys, boys!” Greg stepped in between them, raising his hands to their chests to shove them away from each other. “Be nice to each other, please! Sherlock, please, get back in bed, you’re shaking.”
He wouldn’t have followed him to the escort agency after Sherlock had tricked him. He wouldn’t have slept in a hospital bed by his side even after he had gotten hurt.
“How is he? What happened?” Mycroft’s voice was cool and steady like always but there was a hint of agitation underneath if John was not mistaken.
John froze. But after one terrible, heart-stopping moment of confusion in which he felt Sherlock tense underneath his hand, on the verge of pulling away at his apparent rejection, he reached out with the other hand, pulled Sherlock’s face forward, and pressed him firmly against his mouth.
John repressed the instinct to draw back and he met Sherlock’s gaze calmly. “I mean that you especially should get help after what happened to you. Because you …. well, you didn’t have any experience in sexual matters beforehand, at least that’s what I’m assuming, and you were all the more vulnerable because of that.” John exhaled shakily. He had needed to say that, but he also knew at once that he had made a mistake when he looked into his friend’s face. His eyes widened in shock and hurt as he drew back in one quick, abrupt motion, his shoulders tense.
Resisting the urge to slap Sherlock’s cheeks to try to rouse him, he swam towards the beech which thankfully was only a few meters away. Those few strokes cost John the last remaining energy he had, and he almost cried with relief as he felt pebbles and hard mud give way underneath his wet shoes. He dragged Sherlock forward onto the damp shore, managed to quickly cut his bonds with the Swiss knife he always carried with him, then collapsed by his friend’s side.
Sherlock just glared at him and then at John as if he were accusing them of being in cahoots just to annoy him. Then he stormed off out of the warehouse and John followed with a sigh.
“Me too, “he said honestly. “I...I wished for that to happen for quite some time now, but I….I didn’t dare to dream it would come true.”
Carefully, slowly, he crept through the grass to search for the voice’s origin. It was a male voice, deep and husky. He couldn’t make out the words the voice said so he continued going until he found himself in front of a row of thick, thorny bushes.
“I don't think my apology worked...” Sherlock said as he came back downstairs to the kitchen where John was helping to clean up. John smiled and wrapped his arms around Sherlock. “I think it did, he just needs more time to cool off. He'll realise it tomorrow morning I'm sure.” John said and squeezed Sherlock in his arms. Mrs. Holmes smiled. “You boys can go get ready for bed upstairs, everything is almost done down here.” She smiled and kissed Sherlock's cheek and then patted John's cheek lovingly. “Night night boys.” She cooed and John blushed. “G'night...” He said and blushed a little, not used to being so lovingly sent to bed. “Good night mother.” Sherlock said and kissed her cheek back. Mrs. Holmes saw how significant it was to John, and that made her only smile wider. “Say good night to father from me.” Sherlock said and started pulling John upstairs. “Y-Yeah, from me too-” John said and smiled as he hurried upstairs after Sherlock.
“It’s the access point to my battery port, essentially,” Sherlock nodded. “There’s a soft spot where you can push and it activates the communication with the box you hurt your foot on, causing the loading cycle to start,” Sherlock said before pulling down his shirt. “I can teach you more about it later,” Sherlock said, watching as John’s hand still hovered halfway towards touching the blue light. John nodded, quickly moving his hovering hand to the back of his neck.
The first recess couldn't have come soon enough. John had never been so distracted during a class before, which really said a lot. He quickly stood up from his seat, stretching out a bit before shoving all of his books into his bag and heading towards the door swiftly. “I'll see you at the next class yeah?” John shouted over at Mike over all the noises in the classroom, quickly hurrying out of there to go search for Sherlock. He picked up his phone, sending him a quick text.
“Yep, yeah, I’m fine. Suits me right for sneaking up on you, heh, sorry,” John mumbled and bit his lip a little. Sherlock sat down on the floor and tilted his head.
Sherlock stood stiffly in the room until Mike guided him to sit down in a chair. Sherlock stared at his feet, wiggling his toes inside of his dress shoes, making the top of them bulge up and down. Mike sighed.
He showered quickly, and when he got out, he could already see in the foggy mirror that the part around his eye and cheek was starting to bruise. His father's slaps were very powerful, too powerful. He sighed and dried himself off quickly, hurrying to his bedroom to get into his pajamas. He slumped down onto the bed in just an old t-shirt and his boxers, sighing once more. He hated this. Why did things have to be this way?
John was starting to recover, his hands not trembling as much as before. “I'm sorry, I'm so so sorry.” John murmured and Sherlock quickly shook his head. “Don't be. You have nothing to be sorry for. Nothing.” Sherlock said and wrapped John in a tight hug, squeezing him against his chest. Mike sighed. “Your brother is mental.” Mike muttered and shook his head, standing up slowly. Sherlock sighed. “Overprotective is the right word...” Sherlock murmured and pulled back, looking at John. He could still see the fear and stress in John's eyes, his gaze not fully focused. John sighed and closed his eyes, leaning back against the wall. “I... I just want to get some rest...” John murmured, feeling tired after all the chaos and very done with his birthday party. Mike nodded. “I can get you a cab home John, and Sherlock you can sleep here if you'd like.” Mike assured him with a smile. Sherlock tried to smile back, but knew he probably didn't do it very well. “Oh.... Right... Thank you...” Sherlock said, looking back at John. John shook his head. “You can come home with me if you'd like. My dad's not home for the weekend. He left this afternoon to meet some old army friends.” John said and looked up at Sherlock. “Only if you want of course. Or you can stay here if you feel safer.” John mumbled, taking a deep breath. Sherlock nodded quickly. “I'll- I'll come with you. I want to go with you. Please.” Sherlock said and John couldn't help but smile a little. “Then you'll go with me.” John nodded and tried to stand up slowly with Mike's help. “We'll still need that cab though.” John nodded to Mike and Mike grabbed his phone, calling for a cab for Sherlock and John.
"Let go of me," John said bitterly.  He tugged his arm away but to no avail.  Sherlock was getting stronger these days.  He probably did stupid workouts with Eric.
“God do you have to be right about everything Sherlock!  For once could you just not think about showing off and be concerned with how I feel!” he shouted.  He knew he shouldn’t be upset.  But Sherlock was the first person John felt comfortable coming out to and Sherlock was being his usual obnoxious self.
"I just wanted to mention this because I tend to have really loud sex," John said.  Sherlock looked taken aback by that comment.
"I know what a blessing is Sherlock.  I'm saying that I'm not going to sit here and watch you get engaged to someone you barely know," John said.
And that is the story of how John Watson and Sherlock Holmes stayed together in love for the rest of their lives.
"Or she met the wrong people.  Someone who tried so hard to dress well and wanted fame online probably was catfished online.  Perhaps, a predator told her that he could make her famous.  I guess he achieved that but not in the way she wanted," Eric said.
“You left me.  You thought you could just leave me without a care in the world but you never once gave into consideration how I felt!  It hurt me you know.  I thought you had saved me.  But then…you left me the way you found me, broken, alone, lifeless, lost.  And now here you are, not trying to save me but here for your own selfish reasons…you want me to mend your wounds, but you have no intention of mending mine” Sherlock said, having a tear slide down his cheek.  You could hear the internal gasp everyone had inside.
Sherlock had insisted on it.  For some reason, Sherlock thought it would be a great idea to go on a walk with John and Eric.  Why Sherlock thought that going on a walk would ease the tension between the two was beyond John.  If anything, it was going to make the situation worse.  Throughout the week, John and Eric had been subtly throwing snide comments at each other and exchanging glares.  Sherlock wasn't the best mediator either, as he found the situation incredibly entertaining.
"Do shut up," Sherlock said with a soft smile grazing his lips.  John returned the smile and leaned in to kiss the consultant once more.
"You're such a prick," John said as he started leaving the room.  Sherlock jumped from the couch and grabbed John's wrist tightly.
"I love you too," Sherlock said.  John paused.  He didn't look at him.  His eyes were fixated on the door.  This could be a trap.  This could be an evil trap.
"Would you have proposed?" John asked.  He didn't know if it mattered at this point, but he was curious.
"Sherlock's warming me up just fine," Eric cooed, leaning in closer to Sherlock and almost bumping John further from them.
Still refusing to answer any of John’s questions Sherlock said “Get up John, we need to move quickly!”  John hurried himself up and began to follow Sherlock out of their flat.  Sherlock got the attention of a taxi and piled inside, John following.
"Because the last time you had a ring in your possession, you proposed so that you could break into a building," John said calmly.  He had to calm himself down, or else Sherlock would find a new way to dodge the questions.
“Oh don’t play dumb with me.  You killed your teacher.  You were struggling internally because you are gay.  But you wanted to kill your teacher hoping that “God” would forgive you for being gay if you did him a favor.  You also were hoping “God” could take away your homosexuality.  You wanted to prove to yourself that you aren’t that gay because you killed one of your own kind.  And if someone were to suspect you of killing your teacher you could say you are gay, knowing they wouldn’t suspect a gay person of committing a homophobic crime.  No you knew the police would suspect a more openly homophobic student.  But I am not the police.  And I can see right through your act” Sherlock said.  The boy started to cry, hard.
"It wasn't a head injury," Eric said.  He put is phone down and curiously looked at the jumper.  From time to time, he had stolen quick looks at the jumper to see what was so important about it.  Sherlock did like to analyze everything.
“Don’t you think we will be frowned upon from faculty for being...boyfriends” he put quotes on the word ‘boyfriends’.  Sherlock shook his head.
"Right.  Well," John didn't know what else to say to that.  Leaving his mug on the counter, he stepped away and rushed over to Sherlock's bedroom.  He hammered the door and stood there with puffs of smoke blowing out of the little man's ears.
"Thank you.  It's Sherlock's," John said, making sure to emphasize whose it was.  Raising the mug to his lips, he blew gently into it and sipped the milky goodness down his dry throat.
"All of this is Sherlock's," Eric said with a smirk adorning his face.  "Minus the briefs," he added.
A new feeling washed over him.   It was happiness.  John was in love, and the feeling was mutual.  The brilliant and handsome detective had somehow fallen in love with this pudgy hobbit.  Sherlock wasn't the relationship type, but here he was seeming open to the possibility.  His heart warmed.  Love was starting to give him this high and make John feel like he could literally fly away at any given moment.
“The man is wearing a rainbow bowtie, obviously he’s gay.  The cross is to kill him, thinking he is a spawn of Satan since he is gay.  Crosses are used to kill demonic things, used for mythological creatures such as vampires and also to keep demons away.  The angle the cross is facing is tilted downwards, meaning the person who stabbed him is smaller than him, also meaning the hate crime was committed by a student.” Sherlock blurted.  John stood there quite surprised.
“Where are we going Sherlock?” John had asked a fourth question now still not receiving answers.  Sherlock told the taxi driver the address, one that was unfamiliar to John.  He sighed hoping it wasn’t some place too crazy.  He didn’t even bring his gun.
Despite the animosity between them, the sun was unusually shining brightly over London.  Only a couple clouds scattered across the pale blue sky.  A few birds streaked across and landed into the streets to aggravate their human neighbors.  The city was bustling with people of all kinds.  Women were gossiping about their friends, men were cracking silly jokes, and couples were holding hands while saying sweet things to each other.  Unfortunately, Sherlock and Eric happened to be one of those couples.
"What case?  You haven't told me about any cases," John said as he followed Sherlock.  Though Sherlock sat, John stood.
"You were busy working at the clinic.  Eric's schedule is fairly loose," Sherlock said casually.  His tongue managed to scrape the rest of the salt from his draining glass.
"John, that's completely wrong.  I'm going to have linguine with tomato sauce and a glass of tea," Sherlock said.  John blushed.
"Minus the fact they keep having staff quit, I'd agree," Sherlock scoffed.  He picked up a menu and shared it with Eric.  Did they really have to share everything together?  They might as well be sharing toothbrushes while they were at it.
"Who's short now?" John asked.  He also took the time to look at the top of Eric's head.  This guy had perfect hair.  He wasn't balding anytime soon.
He just admitted what he told himself he could never admit.  He froze in his place, trying to register in his brain what he just did.  He ruined everything.  Sherlock was going to feel uncomfortable and ask him to live elsewhere.  Damn you Eric!
"Fine, you can have that one.  But you must return it in better condition than when you got it," Sherlock said, pointing to the crumpled mess on the floor in the corner of the bedroom.
They ventured across the street to a nearby park.  Sherlock and Eric hadn't noticed John for most of the walk at this point.  Having enough, John forced himself between the two and split their hands apart.
One evening John was sitting in his chair while on his laptop reading comments from his blog when suddenly Sherlock burst into the room, surprisingly not making John jump as he was used to this.
“You miss me or you miss her?  Did she leave you already?” Sherlock asked.  John noticed they were five feet apart.  He took a small step towards Sherlock.
“Eliza doesn’t want this getting into the press.  It would look bad on the school.  So only the teachers know about it” Sherlock answered him.  John nodded his head and took around.
"I thought me coming back from the dead was a surprise enough," Sherlock said.  John tensed at that and shook his head.
John's eyes were so wide that he forgot he had eyelids.  The audacity the couple had to pretend he didn't even exist was astounding.  What was the point of suggesting a walk together if they weren't even going to pay attention to him?  In disbelief and feeling a little hurt, John dusted off his coat and trailed behind them.
How insensitive!  He wouldn't even acknowledge that what he did was wrong.  Two years.  For two years he had grieved over this idiot.  And it didn't cross Sherlock's mind that it was a big deal.  He came in all giggly, thinking it was some big joke.  And here he was, making it a joke again as if his apology had meant nothing.
“Yes the situation is quite unfortunate” he looked over at John.  “Eliza this is my partner John, John this is an old friend of mine” Sherlock introduced.  John smiled at her and shook her hand.
"What the hell is so bloody funny?" John asked, starting to feel embarrassed.  He crossed his arms defensively and glared at him.  How was this a joke?
John ripped the barrier apart and was suddenly faced with the image he never thought he'd see unless he was at Buckingham Palace.  Sherlock was comfortably sitting up in his bed, shirtless with his bottom half wrapped in a sheet.  His eyes were staring at the wall, indicating that he had been roaming his mind palace while he waited for the tanned model to arrive.
"Oh, John.  Did you enjoy your walk?" Sherlock asked as he sipped his drink and licked the salt off the rim.  He smacked his lips together and glanced at him expectantly.
Not in a million bloody years was John going to let Sherlock just marry some bloke for a case.  He would be legally bound to this man.  And John didn't know how much more heartache he could take.  He had lost him so many times.  Losing Sherlock for the five hundredth time might actually break him.
“C-can we talk about this at home?” he requested.  Sherlock noticed John was becoming very serious and decided it was better to continue the conversation there.
“And now you’re here…begging for me?  You left me you know.  You left and got married, and didn’t keep in contact with me for three years!” Sherlock said building up anger and suspense.
"Yes, but one is to show care for your partner and another was the result of selfish acts," John said standing strongly in place.
“N-no I didn’t.  What teacher?” he started to sway a little and looked to the right.  Sherlock still had his gun aimed at him.
“Yes…I already planned everything before I came to the school.  In all honesty the case was easy for me.  I just thought about helping the LGBT out a bit” Sherlock said, seeming unfazed by John’s hand.  John looked down and took his hand away.
Sherlock was sitting in the living room on the couch inspecting a white jumper with blood stains running down the front of it.  It belonged to the victim of his most recent case, and Sherlock deduced that the sweater had the most important information.  After multiple testings from the dust on it to the small particles of dirt, he decided to take it back home for further inspection.  Eric was snuggled next to him, reading a funny post on his phone.  John was in his chair, typing away about their last adventure.  Their adventure that didn't involve Eric!
Sherlock inhaled deeply.  “I need you…to pretend to be my…boyfriend” he said with a red face.  John frowned.
“Would you like to say that again?” he asked in a warning tone.  John was still in shock.  He was having an internal struggle.  He thought he never liked Sherlock like that.  But that kiss…that kiss made him think.  He tried to deny the feelings but they came back stronger.  ‘Oh Sherlock, what have you done?’ John thought.  John slowly walked offstage, ignoring the argument between the student and Sherlock.
“I-I just wanted to say…gosh this is hard for me..um..I’m- I’m bisexual” John admitted.  Sherlock just stared at him.
"Eric," Sherlock said.  What? Did the bloke survive an illness or something?  The giant banner that read "Happy Birthday" told him all he needed to know.  Eric was going to be eight hundred years old.
John set is laptop on the table adjacent to his chair and propped himself up.  He made his way over to Sherlock and gently took the jumper from him.  The lines stitched down horizontally, matching the cherry stains that indicated the person's unfortunate end.  There were a few things he could go off of from it.  Hopefully, his practice for deduction with Sherlock paid off.
"I'm considering it.  It will be the best way to meet his entire family," Sherlock said as if it really made no difference on his feelings.
“I’m pretty sure that’s my line!” John started to get into the skit, more so than he thought he would.  He sighed and took a deep breath.
It was a lovely bracelet.  Engraved on one of the charms were the letters, "S.H"  The charms had been carefully thought out.  There was a camera to refer to his job, and a book to resemble Sherlock.
"Very much so," John said with a twitch forming from the corner of his mouth.  He looked at Eric.  "Happy birthday," He wished him.
"How would you know that?" John asked.  In part, he was annoyed and wanted Eric to fumble.  But he also was interested in hearing his thoughts.
There were waiters dressed nicely, all in black, with dress shirts and slacks.  Though it was lunchtime, the restaurant bared no expense to ensure the place looked nice.  Classical music played over the radio and every table was decorated with a blue candle.  For a casual lunch outing, they were in quite a fancy place.  John felt out of place in his jumper and jeans.  Meanwhile, Eric and Sherlock looked like they went there every Thursday.
“Think again John” Sherlock strode away from him and began to walk to the front of the school leaving John dumbfounded.  John ran up to Sherlock.  Sherlock looked down at John seriously.
The host escorted them to a red booth in the far back of the restaurant, covered in a pure white table cloth.  Deep red napkins settled between shiny silverware.  Stacked on the side were three large menus.  Sherlock and Eric plopped together on one side, while John nestled opposite of them.
John angrily went across the room and came back with a wooden stool.  He placed it a foot from Eric and stood on top of it, now towering over him.
“I already told them about us.  They aren’t going to refuse the best detective just because his partner is his boyfriend” Sherlock said almost as if it was obvious.  John decided to just take Sherlock’s word for it and looked around.  A giant Mary statue was in the middle of the hallway and portraits of saints were hung up on the walls.  John felt he was committing a sin, but then remembered he wasn’t really Sherlock’s boyfriend.  He was “undercover” one could say.
"Yes?" Sherlock asked, unfazed that it was John and not Eric.  Eric wouldn't have knocked on the door.  He would've let himself in and accompanied him with a cheesy pickup line.
So, when Sherlock said, "Let's all go for a walk."  John knew that there weren't innocent intentions behind that suggestion.  If anything, he probably just wanted to see other people's reactions to them quarreling.
"No, you didn't.  You were talking to yourself while I was at work," John assumed.  It was frustrating how much information he didn't know due to Sherlock's inconsiderateness.
“We are here for the investigation, I thought we would just observe your class.  You wouldn’t mind that I assume” Sherlock said.  The man shook his head, still slightly questioning.  Sherlock resumed and sat in the back row, having John unwillingly follow.
“Well I couldn’t just stay here!  I couldn’t just stay with you my whole life!  What would that fulfill?  When I stayed here with you I was going through woman after woman…I needed to settle down…have a family…have someone I could wake up to every morning.  You never gave me that” John said beginning to tear up.
And that was a difficult revelation to have.  Everyone had been made clear that he was not gay, not that it helped because they never believed him.  His heart; however, was telling him that it didn't matter whether Sherlock possessed freaking grapes in his crotch.  He was in love with him.  Maybe he was bisexual and never knew.  Maybe Sherlock was just that special of a person.  Whatever the reason, John couldn't deny his feelings any longer to himself.  The hard part would be keeping it from Sherlock.
"Pleasure to meet you," John said with a returning smile.  He typically didn't smile unless he felt the need to.  This was a pure power move.
It wasn't as common for people his age to have someone else throw them a birthday party.  John couldn't remember the last time someone had hosted a birthday party for him.  Then again, he didn't really celebrate his birthday.  Him and Sherlock weren't celebratory people.
"I already know what you want," Sherlock said to Eric with a grin, settling the menu back to the table neatly between them.
"I can't help if your ego can't handle another person in my life," Sherlock said.  John gave him a look.  It was a look that said, "How dare you have that thought pop in your head."
Of course he was going to ask questions.  Sherlock was the master manipulator.  He could be messing with John for his own amusement.  John wasn't going to give him the satisfaction until he was positive that Sherlock was being honest about his feelings.  It was near impossible to convince him after all the crap Sherlock had put him through the past several months.
"Boyfriend, yes," Eric said.  John bit the inside of his cheek and looked him up and down.  Since when did Sherlock want a boyfriend?
John felt his left hand ball into a fist.  It was getting difficult for him not to just lay one on him.  The audacity this man had to joke about his height was insulting.  And the fact Sherlock laughed caused a twinge in his heart.
Nothing was working.  It was hard to win an argument with Sherlock.  Sherlock couldn't even win an argument against himself. This conversation was starting to feel useless.
"You've never thrown me a surprise party," John said, doing his best to hold back the hurt in his voice.
"What is this?" John asked Sherlock as he raised the box high in the air.  His breathing started to become heavy, and his heart began beating so quickly that it could win a race against a cheetah.  There was something off about this ring.
"If I had to," Sherlock said.  He let go of John's wrist and watched it drop to his side.  John turned around and faced the taller.
It had been one long and exhausting day for John Watson.  Up bright and early, he was out all day running around to complete a task list a month long.  Sherlock evidently had been writing it and somehow forgot to mention it to John until it was two pages full.  John tried protesting, but Sherlock was insistent that he completed it instead of himself.  After a three minute argument, John was out of the flat and back later in the evening with more bags than he thought he could possibly carry.  He set them down and exposed their flat.  Not focusing too much, he picked the bags off the floor and carried them to the kitchen.
"I was with you," Eric said.  He pecked Sherlock and left suddenly.  Sherlock waited for the bottom door to close before speaking.
Eric held out his hand and smiled at John, though it was anything but friendly.  There was a sense of smugness to it, as if to say, "Jealous?"  John knew that couldn't be the case, because he was not jealous.  He didn't see Sherlock that way.  After all, weren't a couple.  John took his hand and gave him a firm handshake.
"No.  No, I'm not letting you do that," John said, shaking his head vigorously and stamping the box back on the table.
"Yeah.  I'm sure you'd love to hear the sounds a woman makes in pleasure," John said.  He'd never spoken like this before, but needed to say whatever he could to get Eric away.  Homosexual males didn't like to hear more about sex and woman he presumed.  He wouldn't know.  John liked talking about sex and women.
"I would've rejected him at the altar.  I can deduce enough before the ceremony," Sherlock said.  That made John feel better.
“Well that’s the school.  Feel free to look around all you’d like” Eliza said concluding her tour.  They all said their goodbyes and Eliza walked away.
"No.  I'm a male model, but Sherlock has taken me on a few cases when I don't have a photo shoot," Eric said.  HE DID NOW?!
"Eric, how are you not freezing?  You're not even wearing a coat," John pointed out.  It was meant to be a jab.  Surely, Sherlock would think he's an idiot for not wearing the appropriate attire in such weather conditions.  Heck, it was snowing a few days ago.
Sherlock took John’s hand and stroked it with his thumb gently.  “I’m sorry…that was insensitive of me…I’m glad John, that you came out to me” he smiled softly at him.  John looked away, embarrassed and hurt.  Sherlock leaned down and gently kissed him.
"Don't get smart with me.  What's the ring for?" John asked.  He had an inkling.  But he had to make sure it was true.
“Sherlock…is this a catholic school?” he asked.  He knew he was going to be judged if he was caught holding hands with another man at a catholic school!
"Of course you're important to me.  But as I said before, I'm married to my work," Sherlock said with ire rising in his voice.  His brows furrowed.
“I wouldn’t call myself a mad scientist. Mad, perhaps. Scientist, not so much,” Mycroft tilted his head. “You seem to show a lot of concern for… Sherlock. Where was that concern earlier when you so easily tossed him aside for your own personal matters hmm?” Mycroft continued and John clenched his jaws a little.
“John. He’s working for the government. I think neither you nor I can hide from that, confidentiality statement or not,” Ella said with a raised eyebrow back at John, who blushed slightly and took the file back from Ella with a flick of his wrist. His eyes scanned the file once more and he sighed to himself.
Mike sighed. “”Well, I figured you wouldn't, the way you rushed off with Sherlock. You seemed very upset and tired when you left. MS”” He answered back.
“That’s kind of what they did now didn’t they? Everyone giving up on me all at once?” John rebutted quickly and Ella lowered her gaze slightly. She walked right into that one, didn’t she?
The walk to the park was interesting, to say the least. Sherlock seemed to have no idea what walking outside was like, and after a few mishaps with roads, cars, and other pedestrians, John decided to lock arms with him no matter how awkward it made him feel.
John gently moved to the cupboards, and skillfully managed to find two bags of crisps. He handed the bags to Sherlock and poured two glasses of water for them to take upstairs as well. “Right, follow me. And be careful up the stairs yeah? I don't want you tripping.” He said and smiled, heading for the stairs first. They went slowly, and with each creak of the old stairs John bit his lip harder, hoping no one would notice. “Almost there.” He whispered to Sherlock but when he turned around, Harry had opened her door and peeked out into the hallway. “What on earth are you doing?” She whispered. John swallowed. “Trying to enter my room quietly what does it looks like I'm doing? Hunting for ghosts?” John said and took the last step up. Harry rolled her eyes. “Aren't you at the birthday party? You know, your /own/ birthday party? I thought you were sleeping over at Mike's?” She said softly. John shook his head. “Change of plans.” He whispered simply, Sherlock soon joining up by his side, standing on the ledge awkwardly. Harry crossed her arms and smiled a little. “Who's this then?” She said and nodded to Sherlock. John blushed and cleared his throat quietly. “This is Sherlock Holmes. And he's staying over because his brother is an idiot. Sorry.” He said and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock shook his head. “It's fine...” He whispered and looked up at Harry. She looked... mildly intimidating, but Sherlock could see that she had a lot of love for her brother. “Hello Harry.” Sherlock said softly and Harry lifted her hand in a small wave. “Hello Sherlock, it's nice to finally see you in person.” She said with a soft smirk. Sherlock frowned. “Have John been talking about me?” He said and John was about to just lay on the floor and die instead of having this conversation right now. Harry saw that, and grinned widely. “Oh he talks about you all the time. Any chance he gets. Good night.” She said and moved back into her room. Sherlock couldn't help it. He was smiling like a dork. Any chance he gets. John was talking about him, and often too. John however was struggling not to drop the glasses of water and he quickly moved towards his room. “In here.” He muttered, too embarrassed to turn around and look at Sherlock. Sherlock nodded quickly and entered the room quietly.
Honestly, it felt a bit strange. Having a person… An object… An object with a working mind on a trial period as if they were a tv subscription. But it also reassured John that if things would start going completely wrong, he had an out. No matter how harsh that escape might look like to the android.
Sherlock worried his bottom lip between his teeth, thinking. He settled on having a shower and he started to quickly strip out of his clothes. He didn't want to take too long after all, he just needed to freshen up. He got into the shower and pulled the shower curtain so that he was shielded. John soon headed back to the bathroom with some clothes he thought would fit, entering it but spinning around quickly when he was startled by a yell from the shower. “Jesus Christ Sherlock! I thought you'd wait until I got you some clothes! Thank God you had the shower curtain pulled shut!” John said but couldn't help but both blush and giggle a little to himself. Sherlock whined. “It's not funny John! Stop laughing! You can't just barge in like that!” Sherlock whined. John giggled even more. “Well sorry Sherl but you shouldn't forget to lock the bloody door then!” John said and laughed. “Calm down, I didn't see anything. I'll put the clean clothes on the counter as well. Just lock the door after me so that my sister don't barge in. But she's not into blokes so I guess it wouldn't matter in the end.” John chuckled and quickly headed out of the bathroom. He knew Sherlock wasn't really angry with him, and that was the really the truth indeed. Sherlock was blushing, and fuming, but as soon as John left, he began giggling as well. “Silly idiot.” He muttered to himself, getting out briefly to lock the door to keep intruders out.
“It’s alright. It’s not… Your fault. Mrs. Hudson invited you and, well, I hadn’t told her any rules and-” John shrugged. “It’s fine, okay? Just, you can go sit yeah, relax a little I… I went a bit harsh on you… I know where everything goes, it’s alright,” John nodded and smiled a little. Sherlock looked up at John, trying to gauge if John truly meant it and if he was doing it with good intentions. After a moment he nodded, placing the groceries he was holding down before moving to sit by the kitchen table, ready to watch John organize and perhaps learn until next time.
“You're home late.” Mrs. Watson said softly as she poked her head out of her and John's father's bedroom. John sighed. “Yeah... Rugby practice.” John said and shrugged. She sighed. “You've started to practice more and more. Don't wear yourself out. I want your grades to be good young man.” She tutted. John nodded. “I know mum, but I'm the team captain now, I told you that before... I need to practice harder.” He said and walked to his rooms. Mrs. Watson followed, crossing her arms. “And what then hmm? Are you going to be England's next great rugby player? You were going to be a doctor John. A doctor. All grades matter if you want to be a doctor you need to work harder!” She said, getting upset. John groaned, sitting down on his bed and starting to eat his now cold toast. “I know mum I know I am working hard, I'm just having trouble in biology class and-” “That's the class you can't have issues with John!” She interrupted with a huff. John sighed. “Please mum I'm tired and-” “You should be glad it's you and me having this conversation and not you and your father.” She interrupted again before storming out of his room. John sighed. “Thanks for dinner... mum...” He muttered when she had left, picking up his phone to text Mike.
“Where is he? Do you think he got lost? I explained the whole way here to him, and I gave him the adress, I bet all their cars have GPS in them.” John murmured to Mike, mingling a little with the few guests that had already arrived, pouring up some more crisps as Mike was lining up all the beers they had bought. John sighed. “We really shouldn't have gotten that many Mike...” John mumbled, feeling all but good about the amount of alcohol they had bought. But Mike had spurred him on before he had entered the shop, wanting John to buy as much as possible now that he was of legal age. They had a substantial amount of soda too though, so they should be fine. Mike shrugged. “Maybe he's just late John. The party has just begun anyway.” He said and smiled a little. John sighed. “Sherlock is never late. /Never/. Maybe he decided not to come...” John said and pulled up his phone to see if there were any texts. Nothing. “Maybe I should go outside and have a look you know? Maybe make sure so they're not driving up and down the road, trying to find the right house.” John said and headed for the door.
“I want to, “she answered heatedly, looking up at him again. “It’s just...so hard to remember this. Sometimes I just want to forget this ever happened, but then I want to hit myself for my selfishness. She suffered so much, how could I forget this and shame her like that?”
The next Monday came and John and Mike headed up to Building HC. Mike was excited that they would be conducting an experiment today and he happily chattered away about the dissection of a human liver he had performed in a class last week. John listened to him with one ear, but his mind was focussed on something entirely different, his stomach churning at the idea of seeing Scott again.
Something snapped in John right then and there. Without thinking he pointed his gun at the woman, took a second to aim, then he pulled the trigger.
When Molly spoke up again, still not looking at him, her anger had receded, her voice low and doleful. “I had a friend once, “she murmured. “My best friend, actually. Her name was Helen. She was an Omega too, we almost presented at the same time. But her parents were not as nice as mine. They were determined to have her married to a wealthy Alpha, they were in it for the money. Although they are not called dowries anymore, many families get paid quite a lot of money for their Alpha offspring to get married to an Omega by their parents. It’s inhumane, but….yeah, they’re still doing that. So, Helen’s parents, they found an Alpha for her right after she finished school. Forty-four years old. Some big shot in some huge firm, I don’t know which one. They got married and mated, although she begged her parents not to force her to…..”
“Good.” John was normally not so resentful, but this time it was different. “He could have been severely hurt. Well, he was but it could have been even worse.”
Victor smiled lazily as he looked Scott up and down. “Maybe. Williams, you almost look like an Omega.” His eyes flickered down to Scott’s lips. “Is that the reason why you’re speaking up for them?”
It made John feel like a teenager again, confessing his feelings for his first school crush which was ridiculous because he was a man approaching his forties, for God’s sake.
He thought of their first chase through London’s streets and how they had fallen back against the wall at Baker Street, laughing together, next to each other, a warm fluffy feeling in his stomach.
He felt the urge to storm off, to flee this conversation, which was getting much too emotional for him, and just disappear into his room for the rest of the day. It would be much safer there.
He pulled his arm out of Sherlock’s grasp, softly but determined. He then took a deep breath, looking away from Sherlock and his demanding aura.
John seemed nervous, too, as his Adam’s apple bobbed, his bright blue eyes flitting from Sherlock’s face to the ground and back again. At long last, the thermometer beeped and the eye contact broke.
That’s why it was so noteworthy that he had managed to find a friend in John Watson. It pleased him more than he’d liked to admit having someone reliable around him all the time. Someone who didn’t throw a hissy fit when the kitchen was cluttered up with his experiments and human body parts. Someone who liked to hear him play the violin. Someone who solved crimes with him because it excited him in the same manner than it did Sherlock.
John kept his eyes on the two departing Alphas, glaring at Sebastian when he scowled at them over his shoulder before quickly turning forward again.
Finally snapping out of his frozen state, Sherlock quickly got up off the floor, straightening his back as he met the older man’s curious stare.
“You alright now?” he asked him with a taxing glance, and John nodded breathlessly as he tried to regain his composure.
It was still that first day and they were at Angelo’s. John had just asked him if he had a boyfriend. This was the part where he had acted unbelievably stupid.
This was no problem for Sherlock. He would have no trouble staying out of sight, just keeping in the shadows while he was looking for clues. He could pretend to be a police officer – he still had Lestrade’s badge – and interrogate employees. In the past, he had often succeeded in intimidating witnesses with his confrontational way of rapidly deducing everyone and everything in front of him.
He drifted in and out of consciousness and he was annoyed at his helplessness, being at the mercy of this sudden unexpected illness taking hold of him. But he was too weak to fight it and he was just thankful that whenever he came to, John was right there with him, holding him, speaking to him, making sure that he was okay.
That would explain his behaviour of the past few days. John was very overprotective and although he hated being fussed over like that, it was probably best to accept that it was John’s nature as a doctor to behave like that.
Sherlock made a strangled noise in his throat as he buried his face further into his arm. “I...we kissed...and I stopped it. I stopped our first real kiss.”
Sherlock was staring at him wide-eyed, his lips slightly parted, one stray curl falling into his eyes, and he jerked his head impatiently, almost absently, to get it out of the way.
There was, first of all, irritation, because no normal person could not get irritated when living with someone like Sherlock Holmes. No normal person would get used to the body parts in the fridge, the violin playing at three o’clock in the morning, the constant failure of your flatmate doing the cleaning, the shopping, or anything at all in the means of household chores, ever.
Well, he didn’t exactly know about the no-brains part but he just assumed he was right. In his experience, Alphas in general tended to be arrogant and self-indulgent, to the point of being condescending to anyone who belonged to a different gender. If an Alpha was handsome on top of being ‘top’ gender, there would inherently be no bounds to their arrogance, Sherlock assumed.
“Goodbye then….” Scott was already turning away, stopping mid-movement with a puzzled frown on his face. “I don’t know your name.”
“You’re an idiot and that’s why you’ve been hurt so much in the past and the reason you will keep getting hurt in the future. You just can’t keep yourself from being yourself and someday it will kill you, Sherlock! See where your bloody mouth gets you then!”
But gratitude apparently was a foreign word to Scott. He seemed to be quite immature, as well as unforgiving. Now that he thought about it, the way Scott had told him he was ‘lacking finances’, the kid seemed to be quite the opposite: his clothes were almost immaculate and seemed very expensive. His shoes, his bag, the products he obviously put in his hair - everything seemed to be of the finest quality, and the way Scott talked indicated a public school education too. Quite the posh, arrogant boy he had chosen to have a crush on.
? More often than not John found himself seething with barely controlled anger, his fists curled into fists at his side, excusing himself for a walk outside because if he didn’t he was afraid he’d just pounce on his mad-as-a-hatter flatmate and bash his head in sooner than later.
He knew that there was something about them when he studied both their faces. There had been a few articles of course. Newspapers calling them out as a couple, spreading rumours about their secret relationship. There had never been any confirmation of course, but when Robert looked at the way John Watson held Holme’s elbow, the hand on the small of his back, the gesture small but intimate, it looked close enough for him.
Sherlock struggled to talk but then his eyes widened, and John just managed to turn him onto his side when he started to vomit violently.
But then he saw Donovan frown as she inspected the detective with a furrowed brow. “Wait, what happened to your face?”
The car stopped. Sherlock only then realized they had already reached Baker Street, something that slightly upset him because he usually was very aware of where he was, even when in a car. He really was slipping nowadays.
Sherlock nodded weakly then, and he drained the rest of the glass, turning his head away in exhaustion as soon as he had finished.
John Watson had turned out not been one of those many people and Sherlock’s throat tightened when he saw those warm blue eyes lighting up with every word he said.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry for locking you in the laboratory and making you believe you were haunted by a ghost hound. It was not nice and I’m sorry I made you go through that.” He let out a little shaky breath and looked at John expectantly. When John stared at him speechlessly Sherlock continued ranting.
In the middle of the warehouse lay the body of a man on his back, with a hole in his forehead and a puddle of blood around his head – he had been shot, apparently. His face was frozen in an expression of naked terror and it chilled John to the bone. He would never get used to the sight of dead people, no matter how many he’d seen.
The three-storey building was dark when Sherlock finally arrived at the right address. That is, except for a few lights in the middle storey, indicating that a few people were still inside. Sherlock looked at his watch: it was 6 o’clock. Most people would have called it a day now – those that were working normal office hours would, for that matter. But this was a highly distinguished escort agency. There were bound to be people in need of a little human contact at the end of the day and thus there was a need for employees answering the phone to arrange meetings.
Mycroft sighed again and shook his head. “Oh, Sherlock. You’ve always been such a headstrong person. Even as a child, you managed to exasperate everyone around you, starting with Mummy, ending with every single maid or other servant hired to work for us.”
Scott sighed, waving his hand as if he couldn’t be bothered explaining all this, but he graciously did it anyway.
“Shut up!” Scott hissed, taking a step forward, but John quickly raised his hand to stop him from advancing on Victor. Then he swiftly stepped in front of Scott, shielding him from the other Alphas with his body.
It was hard to admit to himself, but that had really stung. He hadn’t been able to hide the angry tears welling up in his eyes and that had made it even worse. How dare John attack him like that? How dare he insinuate that Sherlock was at fault for ending up in danger every so often? He crossed his arms in front of his chest, feeling indignation and defiance build up a wall inside him.
John couldn’t help but feel distrustful. “Who is it, Greg? Is it my mother? If it is, I don’t want to speak to her and neither do I want to be yelled at by my sister…”
He resumed CPR. Just when he was reaching twenty, about to give up, Sherlock’s body suddenly twitched underneath him. There was a loud intake of breath as Sherlock lurched forward then to the side as he sputtered and wheezed, small gulps of water pouring out of his mouth. John could have died with gratefulness.
He resumed his lecture, but John was once again barely able to concentrate on his words. He was still amazed by what had just happened and his eyes were drawn to the thin kid in the first row who had somehow managed to defeat the arrogant Professor in a seemingly uneven battle of wits.
“Yeah, I know, I’m pathetic, “John murmured, as he dropped his gaze and started packing up his things.
But over the years, the spark had been somewhat lost. They didn’t have a lot to talk about and the sex was only barely average. Mary had sensed it too which probably explained why she hadn’t been overly upset when he had sat her down at the end of the summer vacation just a week ago, and asked her if they could still be friends.
Suddenly, Magnussen stood in front of them. Long wiry fingers landed on the desk in front of him, and the heavy, wooden scent of an older Alpha filled his nostrils. There was something in his scent that caught John’s attention, something that unexpectedly made his stomach churn and his eyes widened when he realized what it was: excitement. Professor Magnussen was loving this, torturing his students, unmistakably getting off on his power he held over them. It was downright sickening and John barely suppressed a growl, the instinctual reaction to another threatening Alpha.
“They are the ones who made the laws, “she said bitterly. “They don’t want Omegas to walk around unmated, it’s unethical, they claim. They want Omegas to mate early, bear as many children as possible and take care of them because that’s their role in life.”
He could hear two voices, one male and the other female. They were talking to each other, but he couldn’t make out the words, the door was too thick.
From the ray of light shining through a crack between the curtains on his bedroom windows, he could tell it was already late in the afternoon.
“Maybe later, alright?” he said gently, “I just got here and would like to have a few drinks with my friends first.”
Greg didn’t look at him as he concentrated on driving the short way to the police station through the stagnant midday traffic, instead he just frowned and shook his head. “I really can’t tell you, mate, sorry.”
Sherlock began to shiver violently in his arm and John thought with dread that this had been a terrible idea, that he should have called an ambulance hours ago and that any decrease in Sherlock’s health would be his fault.
Greg’s eyes widened slightly, then he nodded and the officer left. Greg turned to John with a huge smile on his face as he held the door wide open.
He had just settled down in front of the telly with a huge hot bowl of soup in his lap when Sherlock appeared, clad in his beloved blue dressing gown, thrown over fresh shirt and trousers, water dripping from his wet curls. He looked …. nice.
“Come on, mates, we don’t have all night, “Billy Dickson said impatiently and he nudged Sherlock’s side with his gun. “Or do you maybe want me to cut you up, slice you up real good, carve a few nice things into your skin? Would you like that?” He leaned forward into Sherlock’s space with a salacious grin on his lips and Sherlock leaned back in obvious disgust.
“J-John?” It was just a whisper, barely audible. “N-need you.” Talking seemed to exhaust Sherlock even more and his head lolled to the side, his eyes pressed shut as if he was in pain.
“And I did attest to that, “Greg said, his hands raised placatively, trying to calm John down. “But it’s not that simple. They’re charging you now and trying to get all the facts straight. Apparently, Mrs. Bendick was one important woman and her father-in-law is raising a ruckus about you. He probably pressured prosecution into charging you.”
“I’m really not, “John said and he thought he really ought to change tactics if he wanted to turn this conversation into something resembling a friendly exchanging of words any time soon.
John could have listened to the man talking about dying human tissue all day and he belatedly realized he was staring at the younger Beta when he heard the other Alphas next to him snigger. He turned to glare at them and from the corner of his eye, he could see Scott frown at them too. The Alphas ignored them, but visibly forced themselves to quiet down and Scott resumed his explanations, concluding his little presentation with a slight nod of his head and a strained smile.
Both of them seemed to hold their breaths, as their heads dipped forward, angled towards each other, just inches away from the perfect kiss.
“Yes, of course, “he said, and he cleared his throat. It seemed he was a little hoarse. “Someone had to watch over his vitals, check his pulse and breathing, make sure he was okay. He was drugged and we don’t really know with what yet so…”
John shook his head. “No, Greg, think. Even for someone who doesn’t drink very often that reaction seems a little off. He practically stumbled away from our table and he wasn’t feeling so well before when he was still with us. Something was wrong with him.”
“Yes, perfectly fine, Professor, thank you for asking, “he answered smoothly, proud of his unwavering voice. “Why do you ask?”
“N-no, “he whispered again but it so weak it was barely audible, and he felt his body slipping away further. His mind still screamed at him to get it together, to defend himself against his body’s intrusion, but it was getting quieter by every second until he couldn’t hear it anymore.
Scott stopped writing and sighed loudly before he turned. “Am I wrong?” he asked, fixing John with a haughty scowl.
But he would stay. He needed to stay. He couldn’t bear to be separated from Sherlock now, even the last 24 hours had been hard. After all that Sherlock had been through these past few days, John desperately needed him to be alright a last, to be safe and sound in his care. When that was done, they could talk and heal and maybe also have a conversation about their feelings for each other, well at least John needed to confess his feelings. Or not. He wasn’t sure he would muster the courage to really speak about it, but he knew eventually it was of importance that he did.
Bewildered and also a little bit disgusted by this rare flare-up of hormones, Sherlock had forced himself to focus on Professor Magnussen who entered shortly after the unknown Alpha and his friend had entered the lecture hall. He needed to pay attention to every word that the man would be saying about what was expected of them this semester. He was determined to deliver nothing short of perfection, anything else was unforgivable. When he had enrolled here at Durham, he had set himself a straight goal and that was to pass all his exams with flying colours. Studying criminology as well as chemistry, along with the additional medicinal courses he had chosen to take was by no means an easy task. But he was ambitious as well as resolute and he would not stray off course, not even a little bit, because of some good-looking ‘all brawn and no brains’ Alpha.
For the rest of the day, John sat by his laptop, slowly tapping away on the keyboard. Sherlock sat stiffly on the sofa, looking around himself, pondering. “Do you have a lot of friends John? Do you feel lonely too? Me and Mrs. Hudson does… Well, I don’t as much now that I have you, and neither does she,” Sherlock said suddenly with a soft smile at John. John frowned and glanced up from his laptop, gently closing it about halfway.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, seeing all the things on the nightstand that Mike had brought. His sobbing started to calm down just a little but he was still clinging onto John like a scared animal. “It's- It's nice-” Sherlock stuttered, nodding his head. John smiled. “Christ... I wanted you to have a great time and look what happened.” John said, still blaming himself for what had happened. He reached for a tissue and began to gently dab at Sherlock's cheek, soaking up some of the tears. Sherlock sniffled. “It's... It's not your fault... You can't babysit- babysit me-” Sherlock stuttered between sobs, grabbing another tissue and blowing his noise in a not-so-sexy manner. John just smiled, continuing to dab up the tears. “Well, I could've kept an eye on you a bit more though...” John murmured quietly. Sherlock sighed, reaching for the glass of water, taking a few gulps of it. The shivering had stopped, but he rather liked being all cozy underneath the blanket with John. “So... You were just a wingman for Mike? You weren't flirting with that woman?” Sherlock said and John chuckled. That wasn't the first question he had expected Sherlock to ask. “God no. She's sodding dim. Nothing between her ears. Not my kind of gal.” He said and shook his head with a smile. “More Mike's type of girl really.” John said and chuckled a little once more, a small smile appearing on Sherlock's lips. He then bit his lip shyly. “Did you... Did you know that guy?” Sherlock asked quietly and John shook his head. “Nah, I haven't got a clue who he is. Must be a friend of a friend from Mike's or something. Don't worry, he's not in our school or anything like that.” John said and cupped Sherlock's cheek a little. “And after that, I hope I never get to know him. Fucking idiot.” John said with a deep sigh. Sherlock nodded and curled up against John's chest once again, resting his head on the strong muscles. “He is a fucking idiot.” Sherlock replied and John smiled. “Mmm, a real fucking idiot.” He repeated and stroke Sherlock's curls once again.
Harry was already digging into her breakfast by the time John came and handed Sherlock his plate. Harry was sitting in the armchair, leaving the sofa for Sherlock and John to sit in. Sherlock had already snuggled up in one corner of the sofa, taking the plate gratefully. “Thank you, it smells delicious.” Sherlock said to John and smiled brightly. John nodded, still deep in thought from what had been said only moments ago in the kitchen. “Mmm.” He responded before sitting down on the sofa himself, placing the plate on his lap. Sherlock tilted his head, looking curiously over at John. He could see the young man being very deep in thought, and he wondered what exactly it was that Sherlock was thinking. Of course he was pretty much a master of deduction by now, but he wasn't a mind reader. He scooted a little bit closer, laying his head down onto John's shoulder as he chewed on some eggs. John blushed deeply, but he didn't move out of the way. Harry couldn't help but smile to herself, turning on the telly as a sort of distraction for her brother so it wouldn't be all quiet and awkward. She put on some random game show, tilting her head as the contestants began answering questions.
“It does I suppose, yeah, but a therapist is different alright? It’s okay Sherlock. She’s safe,” John said and took a big bite of his sausage. Sherlock tilted his head again, thinking about what John had said. John looked at Sherlock, seeing that he was deep in thought. “Sherlock? If you don’t want her to come here, I can go outside and meet her without you but I figured-”
the manual? Of course you didn’t. Because if you had done so, it explicitly said that Sherlock shouldn’t mix with other androids. They’re
“Alright, let’s go then,” John said and put the cloth down. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he did a little jump.
“John, I understand you are worried. Let me tell you more about this specific android, yeah?” Ella said and retrieved a file, handing it over to John. It was… Slightly manipulative, what she was doing, which was tapping into John’s nurturing and caring side. If she could convince John that it was actually
When they were finished with their food, John had brought the dishes downstairs and Sherlock had prepared the bed so it would be nice and cozy for John's return. So far, they had just sort of /ended/ up in bed. But this time, they were /planning/ to end up in bed. Big difference. Huge difference. Sherlock made sure everything looked nice, pulling the blanket over himself a bit. When John returned, he too had thought about the plan to lay in bed from the moment he had left the room until now. It was stupid, really, because they had laid together in bed before. But this time it was different. Very different. But John didn't really know why. “You look... Cozy.” John said, rubbing his neck awkwardly when he'd entered the room again. Sherlock nodded, looking down at his legs. “Yes, very, just one thing missing.” He said but as soon as he had said it, he was bashing himself for it. How cheesy was that? Horribly cheesy, was the answer tot that question. John smiled though, so it must be alright. “Alright, I hope I can fill the missing piece of the puzzle.” John said and began walking towards the bed. He groaned in his mind. How cheesy was that? /Missing piece of the puzzle/? Who even says that? John shook it off quickly though, Sherlock was smiling so it all seemed fine. He crawled up onto the bed and under the blanket, slowly nuzzling close until both their shoulders were brushing. But nothing else. John didn't make the first move to wrap his arms around Sherlock, and neither did he. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Okay, this is silly. We've held each other before and I want you to hold me now while we watch the movie.” Sherlock said suddenly, firmly. He had no clue where that had come from, but he wasn't going to be dilly-dallying with John right now. He knew what he wanted and he would get it. He hoped. John was positively blushing now, his jaw dropped at first but the he chuckled and shook his head fondly. “My, we're very determined today aren't we?” He said and cupped Sherlock's cheek gently, holding his chin so he could look into Sherlock's eyes. “I'll hold you for as long as you'll have me here, /sweetie/.” John said huskily and let go of Sherlock's chin, wrapping both of his arms around Sherlock and pulling him close. Sherlock practically melted against John's body, his head falling down to rest at his shoulder, settling against him quickly. Sweetie. If he dwelled on that word for too long, he thought his heart was going to overflow with emotions. So far he had only been called 'cutie' by John, and it was perfect, but he loved any loving pet-name John would give him. He was John's sweetie. And cutie. Depending on what John felt like calling him in that moment. He was positively grinning now and he looked up at John shyly. “Thank you.” He said sweetly before nuzzling back against John's shoulder, his eyes fixed on the screen, a smile still playing on his lips.
“Let me-“ Sherlock took a step closer to him.  “Let me fulfill those needs.  If you need someone to hold you I will hold you.  If you need someone to love then love me.  If you need someone to kiss…kiss me” Sherlock said.  John looked up at him, almost fully convinced it wasn’t an act.  This was how Sherlock really felt.  But then he remembered this was Sherlock.  Sherlock never had feelings for anyone before…he thought.
"John, I'm afraid you don't understand the concept of receiving a blessing.  I don't need your blessing to marry Eric.  I need his father's," Sherlock said lowly.
"He'll have the calamari with asparagus," John ordered for him confidently.  Two could play this game. Sherlock frowned and shook his head.
How could he be encouraging this sort of behavior?  Sherlock needed someone that would put him in his place, not allow him to continue on the way he was.  It was vital that Sherlock let his heart cloud his judgement at times, such as commenting on a person's weight.
"What the hell was that?" John asked, focusing his attention to Sherlock.  His arms folded defensively across his chest.
"It was really nice to meet you John, but I better get going," Eric said.  Knowing he had won that fight, he leaned down and gave Sherlock a quick peck on the lips.  "I'll talk to you later, yeah?" he murmured against the curly haired one's lips.
"Who is this?" John asked in a demanding voice, not even bothering to look at Sherlock when he asked the question.  The mystery man was a head taller than him, but John was determined to prove that he wasn't intimidated in the slightest.
“Fully loaded. John,” Sherlock stuttered out before leaning his head against John’s shoulder. John blushed and licked his lips slowly. “Need rest. Rest with John. Safe,” Sherlock mumbled and John rubbed his neck a bit.
“It’s alright, if I get tired of it, perhaps you can carry it for me?” John suggested and Sherlock smiled quickly.
“Is it the park or the café in the park that has the croissants that you’re the most interested in hmm?” John teased a little and Sherlock blushed, looking down at his feet with a shy smile.
one at that,” John huffed with a slight roll of his eyes. Ella sighed once more and put her book aside, clutching her hands together.
He spotted John, it had been a while since he had done that, and now... Now he was chatting up some girl by the fireplace. Sherlock's cheeks heated up, and he quickly took a swig of his soda. Stupid John. Stupid John being so daft and not noticing anything. If it was Sherlock it was about, then he would've noticed it, definitely. “Hey handsome.” A voice suddenly spoke beside Sherlock. A new voice. He quickly moved his head to look beside him. A young man, just like himself. Dressed quite smart and... did he just call Sherlock handsome? Sherlock blushed. “Uhm, hello.” He said, scooting away a little. The other bloke smirked. “Hello indeed. Those are some sharp cheekbones, I could probably cut myself on them.” He said and laughed. “I'm Victor by the way.” He said and held out his hand. Sherlock nodded. “Pleasure.” Sherlock mumbled and tried to move away. “Yeah, I can give you plenty of that.” Victor said with a smirk and gripped Sherlock's wrist. Sherlock's eyes widened. “Get your hands off me-” He gasped, smelling the alcohol on the other's breath. “I said get off-” Sherlock said, starting to tug at his hand. Victor pouted. “Oh come on, don't be like that, pretty boy, c'mere.” He said and started to tug Sherlock more towards him.
John quickly put the plates on the blanket on the bed, thinking it was better if the blanket got dirty from the food than the covers themselves. He sat down carefully, smiling at Sherlock as the other put their cups on the nightstand. “Come here.” John said and patted the bed beside him. Sherlock blushed and hurried up on the bed, careful not to spill any of the food off the plates. Sherlock grabbed his plate eagerly and began eating. He was a slow, and picky eater, but right now he was distracted so eating went a lot smoother. “This is delicious. I know it's leftovers but I can never get enough of Chinese food.” John said and chuckled heartily. Sherlock smiled. They had that in common at least. They probably had more things in common, and Sherlock just hadn't figured them out yet. “I love Chinese food as well.” Sherlock hummed and scooted a bit closer. John grinned. “Great, now we know where to go for our next date.” John said, without thinking. Sherlock swallowed heavily. “You... You would do that? Go out for a date at a restaurant with me?” Sherlock asked John, biting his lip. John frowned and nodded. “Yeah, 'course I would. And I will. We have to have a proper date some day. Don't get me wrong, things like this are lovely, probably even lovelier than an actual /real/ date so to speak. But I want the classic date with you as well. Dinner and a movie at the cinema.” John decided with a nod. Sherlock grinned. John could take him wherever he wanted and he would be happy. “Dinner and a movie it is.” Sherlock murmured quietly, continuing to eat his food.
“Why do you keep suggesting this when I’ve already said no, hmm? I can take care of myself, I don’t need a
Sherlock froze as he realised John was coming towards him. Though the blonde seemed to be smiling still, so he wasn't mad at him. Molly stood beside him, smiling as well. “Congratulations!” She cheered, Sherlock having only just opened his mouth, frowning angrily that she had managed to congratulate John before he had. John smiled and gave her a hug. “Cheers Molls.” John said and pulled back with a grin. “Sherl.” He said and chuckled. “So you stayed then. I didn't think you would.” John said and looked at Sherlock with soft, happy eyes. Sherlock blushed deeper, looking down at his feet a bit. “I did... It was... enjoyable.” He said and nodded. “Oh, and, congratulations, John.” Sherlock mumbled shyly. John chuckled and rubbed his sweaty neck. “Thanks.” He said and smiled softly. “So are you going to celebrate then?” Molly said and ruffled John's sweaty hair. Sherlock looked up quickly. Why was she allowed to do that and not him? Jealousy bubbled through his veins. John nodded. “Yeah we're going to a nearby pizza place. Me and the team and a few other people.” John said and smiled. Molly nodded. “Sounds like great fun.” She smiled. “I should be going though, need to study. Ta, and congrats once again.” She said and patted John's shoulder before heading off.
Hello everyone, I'm so sorry that this took longer than expected. I've tried to keep posting a chapter once a week in case someone hadn't noticed, but the past week has been filled with anxiety and difficulties for me so I've had a hard time sitting down and actually writing. But I did it now, and I don't feel in the clear or better just yet, but I managed to write a chapter that I hope you'll enjoy as much as I do. Thank you all for being patient! <3 //NightOfFanfics
Sherlock and John enjoyed the cake, smiling at each other, John making a few bad jokes, Sherlock laughing at them because they were just silly enough to make him giggle. It was a truly wonderful evening, and John wished it would never end. But it couldn't be evening forever of course, and it was soon getting late. John looked at Sherlock, his mood changing to nervous yet again. “I suppose... I suppose I'll take the bus home, to avoid this again.” He said and pointed to his bruised eye. Sherlock bit his lip. “But- Father, can't John sleep over?” Sherlock asked quickly. Mr. Holmes hummed thoughtfully. “He- He shouldn't go on a bus this late, not in his neighbourhood. Sorry John.” Sherlock said and apologised quickly, realising what he had said might hurt him. “I'll be fine Sherlock, promise.” John nodded reassuringly. “You can say you slept over at Mike's because of the party tomorrow, Mike can even call your parents and cover for you.” Sherlock said, his voice getting desperate. John sighed and looked to Mr. Holmes. “Well, for me and my wife it is fine if you wish to sleep over John, but I don't know if that's the best option since your family is already a bit... riled up.” Mr. Holmes said softly. “Father! That's not right that's not-” “Calm down Sherlock dear.” Mrs. Holmes tried. John nodded. He knew Sherlock's father was right in the end. “Sherlock, I'll be fine. It's not as late as yesterday, and I've gone on the bus home several times before. I'll be fine Sherlock. He won't see me in a car this time and he won't question where I've been. He might not even be home.” John murmured softly. He stood up and pulled on his jacket. Sherlock looked down at the table, visibly upset. John couldn't help but feel a bit warm inside from how much Sherlock seemed to care. It was truly lovely, and he knew that Sherlock was special to him already. He already considered them to be close friends, even if it was very soon to already think that. But he couldn't help but feel like there was even more to it. He patted Sherlock's shoulder gently and then reached out to shake Mr. Holmes' hand. “Thank you so much for dinner, sir.” He said and nodded, Mr. Holmes raising a brow at being called 'sir'. “You're very welcome John, and leave the formalities at home John, please.” He said with a smile. John blushed shyly and walked to Mrs. Holmes, giving her a gentle hug. “Thank you so much Mrs. Holmes.” He said and nodded. “Oh, thank you dear for sharing your very special birthday with us.” She smiled. “Bye Mycroft, thanks for the entertainment.” John said and chuckled, giving him a smile. “And Sherlock, don't worry about it alright? I'll text you as soon as I get home so you know I'm fine, okay?” He said and gave him a slightly awkward hug, Sherlock being not so keen on hugging back right now in his upset state. He blushed a little though, and nodded. “Okay.” He murmured and continued to fiddle with the spoon. “And see you tomorrow, yeah?” John whispered and winked before rushing out of the restaurant to catch his bus.
“That’s- Great- What exactly are you showing me?” John pressed out as he tried to pull at Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock furrowed his brows and tugged his shirt harshly so that John’s hands fell off it and turned his body to the side. John frowned, tilting his head as he saw the faint blue light pulsing from just below Sherlock’s ribcage on the side of his waist. “What… Is that…” John said, reaching forward but stopping himself. Sherlock smiled.
“Thank you thank you thank you, I’ll pay you back for this. I promise. I just need to rush okay?” John said and opened the door. He took Sherlock’s arm and gently lifted it, leading him inside. “This is Mike’s room, you’re going to stay in here and only in here while I am gone for a little bit okay?” John said and Sherlock nodded without looking at him, to him it was too much, too painful. Mike tilted his head.
“Uhm, can I sit down? Or are you still angry at me?” Mike said, suddenly appearing by their table. John sighed and looked up at Mike. “I'm not angry anymore, you can join us, if Sherlock thinks it's okay too.” John said, knowing Mike might've hurt his feelings too. Sherlock looked over at the other, nodding. “It's okay, but I will not take more mean comments from you about anything that I and John decide to do.” Sherlock was quick to say. Mike nodded. “Yeah, yeah of course. And I'm sorry, and I mean it to both of you. I shouldn't have been frowning or saying those things, I understand now that it was upsetting you both. I didn't want to upset you, of course, I was just confused and... surprised.” He said, slowly sitting down in case John wanted him to leave. John nodded. “I... I don't blame you for that reaction, really. But thank you, for the apology, and like Sherlock said, I hope there will be none of that type of behaviour in the future.” John said and Mike quickly nodded his head again.” None of that. I promise. You know me John, I'm not bothered by whoever someone decides to love. It's all love in the end. All the same.” Mike said and shrugged, starting to eat.
It had taken quite some time getting out of bed, but somehow the teens had made it an were in a car on their way to school. Both of them were tired, and looked quite messy, but neither of them cared. They smiled at each other in the car, they held hands, and John couldn't believe how lovely this was. Sherlock grinned at him, squeezing his hand. “Can I come watch your rugby practice later?” Sherlock asked sweetly. John frowned. “Do you really want to do that?” He asked, surprised. Sherlock nodded and shrugged. “I don't care about anyone else, I just want to watch you getting sweaty in the field.” Sherlock said and bit his lip cheekily with a chuckle. John blushed furiously. “Oh, well, sure.” John said and smiled a little, nodding. He still hadn't really... /come out/ to the team, in that sense, but maybe it wouldn't be that bad? But in reality, he shouldn't. Maybe one of them would go so far as to tell his parents, or it would travel by mouth in a way so that it would be revealed to them. And John couldn't let that happen. “Just... You know... Don't be too much.” He said and bit his lip. Sherlock frowned. Too much? What did that mean? “I... I'm not quite sure I understand...” He said and looked at John shyly. John bit his lip harder. “Just... I don't now what they'll say... If they you know... Find out about us. So far only Molly and Mike knows, pretty much.” He said and shrugged, disregarding Mycroft and Sherlock's family and Harry of course. Sherlock nodded. Now he understood, but... But somehow in his heart he had hoped John wouldn't worry that way anymore. He knew it was... natural, since he was afraid of his father, but really, he just wanted them to be able to be together, walking down the school halls hand in hand. Was that too much to ask?
“My name is Mycroft Holmes. You’ve probably heard of me. And have received texts from me as ‘MH’. I am the creator of Sherlock. I am the owner of this very facility you are in right now. It’s my private… Laboratory, one might call it,” Mycroft nodded with a smug smile. John huffed out a laugh.
“I understand. I’ll be in your bedroom, John,” Sherlock said unfazed and left John stuttering for an explanation about
“I don’t have a function like that. As you said, I’m different. Please stop asking stupid questions,” Sherlock said stiffly and the android hummed quietly.
“It’s a chocolate croissant. It’s pretty sweet and goes well with tea. I brought some for us,” Mike said, taking note that he had gotten one for himself and for John, but John had given Sherlock his and plated Mike’s up as well. “Seems John isn’t in the mood for sweets this morning,” Mike added and John blushed a little, clearing his throat.
“You like him, don't you?” Molly said suddenly when she realised Sherlock wasn't paying attention. And those words made Sherlock pay attention indeed. His head quickly turned back to Molly and he swallowed hard. “What? Who?” Sherlock said, trying to play dumb. Molly sighed fondly. “John. You like him, more than a friend.” She said and Sherlock blushed, looking down at his hands. He nodded gently. Molly smiled. “It's pretty obvious you know. Perhaps not to him, or to Mike, but I see how you look at him. John deserves someone who looks at him like you do.” She smiled and nodded. Sherlock blushed deeper. “He... He really does.” He said finally, smiling shyly at her. Molly sunk back into the sofa and glanced over at John. “I've never considered him to be gay or bi or whatever he might be. But I do know that he never takes to someone as quickly as he has done to you.” Molly said encouragingly. She got quiet though when she realised John was walking over to them.
The movie started and the two were cuddled up so very tightly. John had not been sure what Sherlock was thanking him about, but he smiled down at him and stroke his cheek as a response. “There's no need to thank me for anything Sherlock...” John whispered softly, looking at the telly. It looked like quite an exciting film indeed, and he was eager to watch it. But, it didn't take long before Sherlock was huffing and puffing, rolling his eyes at the plot and the film itself. John smiled. “Not to your liking?” John asked and Sherlock sighed deeply. “It's so bad!” He exclaimed. “I thought it wouldn't be, I mean, I've seen come exciting clips of it here and there, but now I understand. They only show the exciting parts in the trailer, and then the rest is just nonsense and not worth watching!” Sherlock complained. “You can already tell what the ending will be.” He muttered and John tilted his head. “Yeah? You can?” He asked and Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, I can, but I'm not going to spoil it for you.” Sherlock said and wiggled around impatiently. John sighed fondly and stroke Sherlock's back. “You know, we can always change films if you'd like. I'm not that picky, and I want you to be happy, not frustrated.” John said kindly. A deep blush spread across Sherlock's cheek. John was always so nice... He nodded. “I... Yes please.” He said politely and moved up a bit higher so he was laying with his head next to John's. “I'd like to change the film... Please....” Sherlock said and bit his lip shyly. John smiled and turned it off, starting to browse through the selections. “Alright, let's try another one then-”
“You know it’s bad luck to have umbrellas inside?” John breathed out huskily, sitting up a bit and rubbing his neck. The other man smiled.
“Laboratory? And what does that make you then? The mad scientist?” John muttered before he suddenly remembered and paled. “Sherlock- Where is he? Is he alright? I- It all went so fast I- I barely know what happened-” John stuttered and Mycroft sighed, clutching his umbrella handle tightly.
“”Hey, I hope I'm not waking you up or anything. I just wanted to thank you for the book suggestion. It's really good. JW””
“I uh, I was just… Wondering if you were alright. If you were asleep, or uh, loading fine. I got a bit worried I suppose…” John murmured quietly.
John sighed and rubbed his forehead. He really needed to be careful with what he was writing or saying to Sherlock, and he was learning that slowly but surely.
John smiled. So he had proved him wrong. Even if it was just a little. John couldn't help but feel a bit proud. Seemed like Sherlock wasn't the type of bloke that was proven wrong often.
“Why is a woman coming over to our home?” Sherlock questioned and John froze slightly, clearing his throat awkwardly.
Sherlock repeated over and over and John’s face fell further. He knew he should’ve waited, but with one swift move he took a hold of Sherlock’s hand and pulled him close, holding up the android’s weight as he collapsed into John’s arms.
“Oh don’t mind me! I’ll just be here, quiet,” Sherlock smiled over at Ella and John grumbled something unhearable beneath his breath. Ella cleared her throat now.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “Clearly you are still in need of my spying friends, and I have no intention to make them stop keeping an eye on you. I do not care in the slightest if you and John had a lovely time, because he made a promise to keep you safe, and even if it didn't go that far, it still could've. And you're still emotionally hurt by what happened. I can see it in your eyes.” Mycroft said, his voice calmer now. Sherlock swallowed heavily. “But- But you shouldn't have attacked John like that! Look at him! He's been abused so many times before Myc he didn't have to be abused by you as well!” Sherlock said, dropping down beside John, stroking his cheek gently. John swallowed, shaking his head. “I'm fine, I'm fine Sherlock it will- it will be better soon.” John stuttered, his hands shaking just a little. Mycroft looked down at the three friends, unfazed by all the emotions. “Come Sherlock, we're going home.” Mycroft said coldly and Sherlock quickly shook his head. “I'm not going anywhere.” He said, glaring up at Mycroft. “I'm not going anywhere until I know that John is okay.” He said and moved even closer to John, stroking a gentle hand through his hair. Mycroft licked his lips irritably. “Right. Then you are not coming home tonight.” Mycroft said with a nod. Sherlock froze. “What? That's not your decision! It's mother and father's!” Sherlock argued. Mycroft shrugged. “They are not home until tomorrow afternoon. So, I'm the oldest, so my house, my rules.” Mycroft said and cleared his throat. “Gentlemen, John.” He said with a nod before leaving the room and Mike's house.
“It is… He needs you as much as you need him really… I suppose it was the wrong choice then after all… I’ll see if I can contact Mr. Holmes and get the android changed-” Ella said as she reached for the file and grabbed it with her hand, but John stopped her, still holding on to the bottom with his, looking at the file and picture before him. She glanced up at John, wondering if her tactic had worked this time around.
“I don't think I'll be able to fall asleep.” John admitted when they calmed down a bit. Sherlock smiled and shook his head. “Me either.” He said and moved closer to John, wanting to be wrapped in that warm embrace. John smiled and got the hint, quickly wrapping his arms around Sherlock and holding him close. “But it doesn't matter, we'll just sleep in class instead.” Sherlock said with a cheeky grin. John gasped. “Sherlock Holmes, sleeping in class? Is that even a possibility?!” John said dramatically, earning himself a gentle kick to his leg. “It is, when I'm with you.” Sherlock said and slowly leaned forward. “I'll sleep through all of my classes if that means I get to have more time with you...” Sherlock admitted quietly, whispering the words against John's lips before kissing them softly, his eyes fluttering shut and the kissing getting deeper and deeper.
John laid on the bed, throwing his rugby ball up and down in the air, thinking about all sorts of things. His phone buzzed though, and he quickly reached for it. Mike.
“Hey, you want to look in some books?” Mike asked and Sherlock shook his head. Mike sighed and scratched his head. “I know you don’t like being without John, he’s not very understanding sometimes is he?” Mike said but Sherlock just sat still at that. Mike went to his desk and grabbed a pen and some paper, putting it on the side table for Sherlock. “Here, if you want to draw, or write something instead. John will be back in no time, promise,” Mike smiled and sat back down by his desk.
“Hey, Sherlock,” John said softly and Sherlock spun his head to John, smiling softly again. “Listen, Mike is alright yeah? He’s not a threat, he won’t hurt you or me. He’s here to enjoy some breakfast with us. He’s very kind. He has a lot of androids working for him even he told me. He… Loves tin cans,” John said and glanced over at Mike before looking back at Sherlock. Sherlock tilted his head.
sorry. I’m so so sorry I left you alone with Mike. I…” John glanced up at Mycroft who watched them intensely. John sighed. “I didn’t take care of you as well as I should’ve, and I understand that now. Can you… Hear me?” John asked softly, making his voice as soft and gentle as he could. Sherlock’s eyes were still fixed on the floor, and the employee was still holding a tight grip so he wouldn’t crumble to the floor. Sherlock shifted his weight before parting his lips.
John clenched his jaws before chewing on his bottom lip slightly. After a brief moment, he let out a light chuckle. He gripped the arms of the chair slightly before clearing his throat.
John hurried back to Mike, glancing over at Sherlock. “God he looks good in that shirt.” John murmured, louder than he had planned to do. Mike frowned. “What? Who? Sherlock?” He said and John blushed. “Uh, what?” He said and shrugged. “Yeah I mean, I mean that's a good shirt. The shirt looks good. I like the purple colour.” John said quickly and Mike shook his head and chuckled. “Are you a fashion guru now or something? What about my shirt? A bit black and plain but what do you say?” Mike said and John sighed in relief that Mike didn't seem to notice his slip up. His slip up that he didn't want to pay too much attention to. Why on earth did he comment on how Sherlock looked? That's silly... “Well the black of your shirt brings out the dark blackness that is the emptiness of your brain.” John teased and shielded himself when Mike went for a wrestling attack. “Mike!” John called and chuckled. Sherlock quickly looked towards them, frowning. Why did Mike get to wrestle and have fun with John and /he/ didn't? Sherlock sighed, trying to pay attention to what Molly was saying.
“John, I'm so so sorry,” Sherlock stuttered, almost too afraid to turn his head to look at John. John was blushing, but smiling softly. “Hey, it's alright. It's alright I'm fine Sherlock.” John promised, moving close and hugging Sherlock tightly. “They need to know either way, granted this was a bit of a shock maybe, but now it's over with.” John smiled and rubbed Sherlock's back encouragingly. Sherlock smiled and met John's gaze. “You're right. And you're not... You're not upset?” He asked once more just to be sure, and John nodded. “I'm not upset Sherlock. I'm not upset.” He said and moved closer.
“Turn around!” John called and Sherlock spun on his heel without a word, starting to walk the other way and John hurried with his cane after him.
“Well, do you want to give him something as a friend, or do you want to give him something that is a subtle hint for... something more.” Mycroft asked, raising a curious eyebrow. Sherlock swallowed, blushing deeply. “I... I don't know Myc... He's not... I mean, at least I don't think he is... you know.” Sherlock mumbled. “Attracted to men?” Mycroft finished and Sherlock blushed more, nodding. “Well, there's only one way to find out isn't there?” Mycroft said and tilted his head, smiling softly. Sherlock shook his head. “I've never had such a good friend before though, what if I just ruin it all by 'trying to find out'?” Sherlock said and bit his lip. Mycroft closed his laptop and moved closer with his chair. “If you ask me, at the restaurant last night, he didn't seem completely opposed to the thought of being cuddly and close to you. Then again, friends can have that sort of relationship too, I suppose.” He said and shrugged. “But I doubt he is completely against it, or homophobic, because if he was I'm sure he wouldn't have let you feed him like he did.” Mycroft said thoughtfully. Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. “I... I guess you're right. And Molly Hooper, a girl in school, she said John is not good at keeping girlfriends at all. That he usually gets dumped even though he has a good reputation as a boyfriend. Gentle... Caring... The whole lot. But he would never say that he got dumped.” Sherlock told his brother. Mycroft nodded. “Interesting. It can mean a lot of different things though, it's hard to say Sherlock. It might mean everything or it might not mean anything.” Mycroft said and leaned back into his chair, letting out a thoughtful hum. “Perhaps you can buy him something that is nicer than some of the things he has now, maybe something that could be sentimental but not tacky, in other words, not something smothered with pretty little hearts. That would be too obvious as well. But if you buy something too nice, maybe his father will react to it. So maybe something nice that isn't on show that much or something that he can easily keep to himself...” Mycroft pondered out loud, trying to give Sherlock ideas on what to get.
Sherlock listened, his forehead wrinkled as he tried to think of something. He groaned in frustration. “Ahhh! Why is this so hard!” He complained, flopping down on his brother's bed. “Maybe- Maybe if I just go to the shops I might spot something.” Sherlock said, feeling like he was running out of time. “Can you come with me Myc? Please?” Sherlock begged, sitting up again. Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Don't you think I have better things to do than to go out shopping for gifts for a love interest of my socially awkward little brother?” Mycroft glared at Sherlock. “No.” Sherlock responded simply. “Get dressed, we're going.” He said and stood up, heading to his room to quickly put something on just to go shopping. His brother sighed and buried his face in his hands for a moment before standing up and going to his wardrobe. God the things he did for his brother sometimes.
“I lied. Androids lie. Help me load John,” Sherlock interrupted harshly, his tinny voice not at all soft right now. John frowned, getting to his feet, holding a hand up at Ella.
Sherlock had tried to be modest when he pointed out what he wanted to John, but John just kept piling on with extra stuff, like sweet treats, chocolate, a muffin, tea, two different kinds of juices, and of course their main meals. He didn't get much else for himself than his main meal, since he couldn't really afford to treat them both. He was silently thankful though that Sherlock let him do this, even though he could almost hear Sherlock sighing fondly and wishing John didn't spend so much money on him. “Thank you John...” Sherlock whispered softly when he got his overflowing tray of food, John taking some of it and putting it on his rather empty tray to help Sherlock carry it back to Molly's table. “Well this is almost kind of our first lunch date isn't it? So I want it to be special.” John said, smiling from ear to ear. They joined Molly by the table, who's jaw dropped when she saw the amount of different things on Sherlock's tray. “Oh... I didn't know you had such a sweet tooth.” Molly said and looked at Sherlock, giggling a little. Sherlock blushed. “Well... I do, but John also wanted to treat me to some things...” Sherlock said shyly, Molly having to use every muscle in her body to not burst out into a long “awww” sound. John was still smiling, and scooted close to Sherlock so their sides almost brushed against each other. “It's our first lunch date you know.” John said proudly to Molly, his whole demeanour completely changed. Sherlock noticed that, and Molly did too, and Sherlock couldn't feel more special right now. It was the perfect moment after such a turbulent one, and it was all thanks to John. John had made something chaotic into something perfect, and if that was John's superpower, Sherlock considered him the best superhero in the world.
“”Who says that? That's stupid. Idiotic. How would one know if a baboon's promise lasts forever? I think that's highly unlikely. SH”” Sherlock wrote quickly back.
“Who’s this then? Oh… Is this the reason you were shopping for two? Hmm, he is quite handsome, I can see why you tried to keep him a secret,” Mike smirked and John quickly spun around, biting his lower lip.
“You’re- You’re- my most important person too- John- Most most important-” Sherlock stuttered and squeezed John tighter. John smiled and patted Sherlock gently on the back.
John wanted to kiss Sherlock, to show him that he really was okay even though he still was a bit shaken up of course. But since they were in a full cafeteria, John wasn't really brave enough to do that right now. He let go of his tight grip of Sherlock's hand though, allowing his thumb to gently brush and stroke his knuckles. Molly smiled and cleared her throat. “I'm going to buy some lunch and get us a table.” She said and hurried off to give the two some privacy. John blushed deeply. “Hey... I'm sorry I was such an idiot. I was mean to you and mean to Molly and I really shouldn't have been. I overreacted and I didn't listen to you and what you wanted and needed, which is just as important as my wants and needs. Can you forgive me? And forgive me for being so stupidly shy and nervous as well?” John said and tilted his head. Sherlock broke into a bigger smile, nodding his head gently. “I forgive you John, I really do. And we are all shy and nervous sometimes, but I'm glad you realise you treated me badly because of it and that you are apologising for it... It means a lot to me...” Sherlock admitted shyly. John nodded. “Well, that's the fair thing to do, and I really, truly am sorry, you know?” John said and Sherlock nodded once again. “I know.” Sherlock said softly, smiling lovingly at John. “Come, let's go buy some lunch yeah? So we can have a seat and just calm down even more, how does that sound?” John suggested, still holding Sherlock's hand, despite the crowded cafeteria. Sherlock noticed that of course, and he thought John was very brave because of it, and noted it down in his head to tell John later just how brave he was for doing that. He nodded once more. “Yes, that sounds really good. I'm actually feeling a bit hungry after all that uhm, chaos.” Sherlock said and chuckled a little. John snorted and chuckled as well. “Good, I'll buy you anything you'd like.” He said with a proud grin, walking together with Sherlock to get their meals.
“I’m not someone for you to understand, I’m someone for you to leave me alone. I’m waiting for my human, and he will be back soon,” Sherlock explained and the android tilted his head.
“You… Can stay for as long as you’d like, or rather, leave when you feel ready to do so,” Mycroft sighed and corrected his suit jacket slightly before running a hand through his hair. “Seems I’m in no position to separate you at the moment so… That’ll be that, then. But do know Dr. Watson that I
“No no her coming here is fine-” Sherlock interrupted quickly as he was presented with the second option.
It didn't take long until they drove up to a nice looking restaurant, though, it wasn't as posh as John had feared. It was like a nice cozy log cabin interior, but it was not grubby or old looking in any way. Mr. Holmes lead all of them inside the pleasantly warm restaurant, getting them a nice table by a window. The waiter seemed to know Mr. Holmes, so it went very smoothly and they exchanged a few kind smiles. They were all seated and John took the menu he was given, reading it through. The food was indeed a lot pricier than he was used too, but it also sounded delicious. His stomach rumbled eagerly at the promise of a nicely put together meal, and he looked at Sherlock shyly, hoping he hadn't heard that. Sherlock smiled, trying not to show that he had heard the adorable little rumble from John's stomach. “Hmm... I'm thinking... The hearty mushroom pasta. That sounds very delicious. What do you think John?” Sherlock said, looking back at him. John bit his lip, not sure what to pick. He did like fish and chips though, and they seemed to have a posher version of it, with a lot of condiments, salad and bread to go with it. “I think I'm going to go for the fish and chips.” John nodded shyly. “Excellent choice. They do amazing fish and chips here.” Mr. Holmes encouraged, wanting John to feel good about his choice. John smiled a bit and nodded. “Then I'll take your word for it.” John smiled and closed the menu. “Any drinks? John, you might want something alcoholic, since you can drink legally now.” Mr. Holmes smiled kindly. John quickly shook his head. “No, no I'm alright. I intend to remember this meal for a very very long time.” John said, blushing deeply after realising it had sounded a bit silly. He wouldn't be drinking /that/ much after all. “I will just have a regular coke, thanks.” John murmured shyly. “I'll have the same.” Sherlock said and sank back into the comfortable chairs. “Sparkling water for me.” Mycroft said and Sherlock grinned. “Cutting down on the calories are we? Or just saving them to have cake as a dessert?” He teased Mycroft, getting him back for the conversation in the car. Mycroft blushed. “For your information, I'm not having the cake for dessert. I'm having the berry crumble.” Mycroft muttered. “Oh, to get those healthy fruits of the day then.” Sherlock teased and Mycroft whined. “Mother, tell him to stop!” Mycroft complained.
“Oh, good morning Mrs. Holmes.” John said kindly as he walked into the kitchen, smiling at Sherlock's mother. Mrs. Holmes beamed. “Good morning dear, did you sleep well?” She asked and John nodded. “Yeah, yeah I slept well. I'm just coming downstairs to make some breakfast and tea for Sherlock and I.” John said and went to the counter, grabbing some bread that was out and ready, popping it into the toaster. Mrs. Holmes smiled lovingly at John, sighing fondly. “You treat that boy too well you know, he'll get even more spoiled in no time.” She said and chuckled fondly. John smiled a little and shrugged. “I don't mind, as long as he's happy, I'm happy.” John said and took out two cups, having noticed which cup Sherlock usually used, making sure to make his tea in that specific one. He didn't really mind which one he took for himself, so he went for the largest one he could find and started the kettle. He yawned a little, stretching out his body. Soon enough, Mycroft stumbled in the kitchen as well, murmuring a quiet 'good morning' before going to the fridge, opening the door and just staring into it sleepily. “Want some tea Mycroft? I can make you a cuppa as well.” John smiled and Mycroft rolled his eyes. Great, John's a morning person. But it was a nice offer, he supposed. He nodded. “Yes, please.” Mycroft murmured and closed the fridge door, sitting down by the table. John smiled and quickly grabbed a cup for Mycroft as well, and soon there were three steaming mugs of tea, toast for him and Sherlock, and an extra piece of toast for Mycroft waiting for them on the counter. “Mrs. Holmes, do you have a tray I can bring everything upstairs on?” He said after placing the things for Mycroft in front of him, getting a sleepy smile as a thank you before he dug into the breakfast eagerly. Mrs. Holmes smiled and nodded. “Of course, here.” She said and pulled out a tray. “You can fold out the legs as well, so you can have breakfast in bed.” She said and winked cheekily. John blushed and nodded, placing everything on the tray neatly before heading back up the stairs.
“You’re very hostile, are you sure you’re not in need of repairs?” The android asked and Sherlock felt his artificial heart rate go up and he stood up swiftly.
“Mate stop, stop okay?” Mike tried, taking John's arm. “Let go! God- I could've snapped his neck right then and there!” John growled, turning around to look at Mike. “Calm down John. I don't think he really realised what he was saying.” Mike tried. John frowned. “Are you going to take his side in this? You're supposed to be my bloody friend!” John hissed. Mike rolled his eyes. “I'm not taking anyone's side alright? I'm just saying that it looked like Sherlock was just stating facts and not saying it to hurt you!” Mike tried, looking his friend in the eyes. John straightened up a bit, puffing out his chest. “And how exactly did he get those “facts” hmm? Not many people know that about me Mike. You're the only one even, or at least I thought so.” John said, panting from being so upset and flustered. Mike shrugged. “I don't know how he found that out. Maybe his parents knows your parents or something. I'm telling you though, I didn't say a word. In fact, it was the first time I spoke to him today! You saw me introducing myself to him John. I promise, I didn't tell him, I promised you when you first told me about it and I'm promising you right now.” Mike said softly, licking his bottom lip nervously. John took a few steps back, nodding a little. “I just... Last night was bad Mike...” John said and ran a hand through his hair. “Let's just go to class yeah?” John said and turned around, walking off slowly.
Sherlock sat down on the bed, reaching into his cardboard box and pulling out a sort of harddrive looking unit that plugged into the wall socket. On the side, it had grey letters which spelt the unit name “WallBox”. Not that imaginative, but descriptive enough to make humans understand how to use it. He plugged it in gently before lifting his shirt, running his fingers over the right side of his waist. He found the small divot where his finger sunk in just a little bit more than on other parts of his skin and he gave it a firm push. Most androids in public settings had loading chambers. They looked like clear coffins and it required them to do no preparations to load. Just stand in there for the night and the next day they would be fully charged. The ones that were supposed to be more accustomed to human settings, worked a bit differently. The small white box Sherlock had plugged into the wall started a soft whirring noise the moment he had pushed into the soft spot of his waist and a blue light turned on. It shone through his pale skin softly, and matched the colour of the blue light now shining through the white WallBox as well.
“We’ll be walking for quite a bit so I thought why not,” John muttered and Sherlock tilted his head.
Meanwhile, John sat back, just listening to the gentle bickering of the brothers, and their mother trying to desperately solve the situation. It was nothing like the arguments John was used to at home, this was more just bickering without the intention to really hurt someone. He smiled fondly, his eyes wandering to Mr. Holmes who was looking at John softly, seeing the young man enjoying himself. “They're usually like this.” Mr. Holmes said and chuckled a little. John smiled and nodded. “Good. Because I love it.” John said and smiled even bigger.
John smiled, reaching over when Mike wasn't looking to stroke Sherlock's back. Sherlock froze, blushing deeply, scooting just a little bit closer. “Well I should be heading to class, and so should you John.” Mike said and looked over at John who quickly let his hand slip down Sherlock's back to come rest by his side again. “Hmm? Mmm, yeah, let's go.” John said and smiled back at Sherlock. “Bye Sherlock, see you at recess yeah?” John said and did a cheeky wink before turning around to hurry to the class with Mike.
When the doorbell rang, John swiftly instructed Sherlock to go to the bedroom and stay there until Ella left, to which Sherlock had questioned him in a very disgruntled manner, repeatedly, as he was being shoved towards John’s bedroom. “Look I promise- When me and Ella are done we’ll do something fun alright? Right,” John said and closed the door to the bedroom swiftly. John sighed and rushed off, while Sherlock stood on the other side of the door, sporting a very annoyed expression on his face.
“”I know. I wasn't mocking you Sherlock. I just wanted to... I don't know, be funny? I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I won't call you Sherl. JW”” John promised, really though, he had called Sherlock that because he found that it sounded sweet in a way. But he didn't dare to say that.
“”Hey John, the party was mental. Are you and Sherlock alright? MS”” Mike had sent to John, working on cleaning up the place.
“Shh, it’s okay, it’s going to be okay. We were going to that café for lunch, remember? We’ll do that soon. Right away when we get out of this… Cold place,” John glanced up at Mycroft before looking down at Sherlock. Sherlock felt lighter than he thought. He would’ve thought a heap of metal with artificial flesh and organs would weigh more than a human Sherlock’s size but he didn’t. John groaned a little as he managed to scoop Sherlock up, placing him on his lap and wrapping his arms around him. “Hey there…” John said softly and pressed out a smile. Sherlock’s eyes flickered again and he held out his pointer finger, pressing it against John’s chest.
“Of course! It’s a bit silly but- whatever you want me to do, sir!” Sherlock said quickly before starting to walk in the completely wrong direction.
“Oufh- What's wrong with you?!” John grumbled as he suddenly was shoved in the school hallway. He turned his head to the side quickly, seeing that dark haired young man disappearing around a corner. John huffed and began rushing after him. “Hey! Sherlock!” He called at him, hurrying up so that he was walking just a few feet away from him. Sherlock stopped as he reached his locker, opening it up without even looking at John. John sighed and leaned onto the lockers. “What's your problem mate? I was trying to be nice to you yesterday but you just lashed out on me. And what's with the shoving?” John frowned. Sherlock tried not to pay attention to him. “First of all, I don't have a problem, I have several. Secondly, I'm not your mate. And thirdly I was in a hurry, and you were in my way.” Sherlock rambled, still not making eye contact. “And I don't like the fact that you know my name and I don't know yours.” He said and finally turned to glare at the other.
“John, I need to… Load,” Sherlock lied through his teeth, barely opening his mouth as he spoke, staring Ella down firmly. John had flinched at the sudden touch, and looked between the two with a startled and shocked expression.
Mike frowned as John stormed inside. “John? John what's going on?” He said as John slumped down beside him. “Fucking idiot.” He huffed, kicking the leg of a chair. Mike sighed. “I'm sorry I was really just trying to have a laugh and joke with him. I didn't think he would react that way, that /you/ would react that way.” Mike continued and bit his lip.
John had already started on his meal while Sherlock and Molly was still looking adoringly over at him. When John realised it, he began to blush. “Uhm, maybe you should start eating before it gets cold...” John suggested and Sherlock and Molly quickly snapped out of their states, Molly giggling softly. “Yeah, yeah we should.” She agreed and nudged Sherlock's foot underneath the table. Sherlock smiled quickly and nodded. John chuckled and shook his head fondly. “Cutie.” He said softly, making Sherlock blush an even darker shade of red. “No, you are.” He said softly, daringly placing a hand on John's thigh underneath the table. John blushed and quickly moved his gaze to his plate, trying to focus on eating and not on the hand that was placed so gently on his thigh. Sherlock smiled to himself and started eating as well, not removing his hand just yet.
not vice versa. You’re making it sound as if I am supposed to babysit him all around the clock,” John argued and Mycroft snorted softly.
Sherlock had started hurrying just as much when he got John's text. He was worried at first that they wouldn't see each other until lunch, but when he got the text he started to hurry to get everything together. Molly grinned, moving up towards him. “Did John text you?” She said with a soft giggle. Sherlock blushed. “Yes, he's wondering where I am. The recess isn't very long, I have to get to him quickly.” Sherlock mumbled quickly, sending a text back to John.
“I uh, no, you two enjoy it though, Sherlock loves sweet things, don’t you?” John said as he cut into this sausage instead. Sherlock smiled a little bigger and nodded.
Mycroft had observed them, of course, not leaving the kitchen just yet, trying to look busy making the tea. But Sherlock couldn't care less, and neither could John. After Mycroft had apologised, he didn't seem all that scary anymore. Of course John had a lot of respect for him still, but he felt like they could be a bit more open, and it was a wonderful feeling. John and Sherlock plated up what they wanted and then began reheating it in the microwave. “Tea will be done in a few minutes.” Mycroft said, walking past them. Sherlock nodded, staying close to John, just smiling at him gently. “Cheers Myc.” John said with a cheeky grin. Mycroft stopped in his steps and licked his lips irritably, but broke into a polite smile. “No problem, Watson.” He said and looked at John intently before leaving the kitchen slowly.
“Oh I know! I should bring them something special, a treat, oh where is that cake we bought William? Please help me find it.” Mrs. Holmes tutted as she began going through the bags. “Oh those sweethearts! You should've seen them William, all cute and blushing, it was the most adorable thing I've ever seen-” She stopped herself when she heard someone clear their throat. John had just entered the kitchen, swaying on his feet. “Sherlock wanted me to bring us some more tea...” He murmured shyly, looking up at Sherlock's parents. Mrs. Holmes was red in the face, but both parents were smiling kindly. “Of course, but you don't need to do that. I'll take care of it luv, it's all fine.” She said and cleared her own throat. John nodded. “Okay... If you're sure...” John said and Mrs. Holmes nodded quickly and smiled. “Absolutely certain. You go back to Sherlock dear.” She said and couldn't resist cupping John's cheek just a little. She sighed. “Better get started on that tea love.” William spoke softly, to not let her make John too uncomfortable. Mrs. Holmes let go and quickly went to the kettle. “Yes, yes of course.” She said and John smiled, his cheeks even more red now. “Thank you so much... And uhm...” He bit his lip. “Sherlock means a lot to me... And well... I just wanted you to know that.” He said awkwardly, wanting to say something to Sherlock's parents about the whole thing. Both of them looked up at him and nodded, smiling. “We can tell John, and we're very happy.” Mr. Holmes said, knowing his wife was probably lost for words, or would have too many to say. Either one was a possibility. John smiled and nodded his head, so happy that Sherlock's parent liked him. He wasn't used to parents liking him, or even caring in the slightest. It felt warm and fuzzy and just... Perfect. “Right.” He said and turned around, starting to walk back to Sherlock's room.
So! Christmas is a stressful time, and I might not be on time with my uploads! But I hope everyone can find some peace and quiet, and that your holiday will be wonderful! Lots of love. <3 //NightOfFanfics
John practically rushed into Mike’s room as soon as he entered the hospital and he stared down at Sherlock in a pile on the floor, seemingly lifeless. “What- What’s going- On- What- Is he alright?” John started breathing heavily and Mike put his hands on his shoulders.
Mike looked even more confused now and smiled as John came back. John sighed. “I’m… I’m sorry I… You didn’t… I didn’t mean for you to find out that… I needed… Help,” John mumbled and rubbed his neck. Mike smiled softer and patted John’s healthy shoulder and gripped it just a little.
“Why me? What does he know about me to make me such a good fit? Have you been- You know there is a thing as a confidentiality statement-”
Mycroft watched the interaction with sceptic eyes, though his expression softened little by little and when Sherlock finally settled, he cleared his throat softly.
The day was coming to an end and John had to swing by the library to get some books for his biology class. He was failing miserably, but he needed to make sure he didn't. He got a funny look from the librarian and he rolled his eyes. “You have something to say to me Mrs. Jones?” John said and tilted his head at her. She smirked. “Well, I was just wondering what a fish is doing out of it's waters, Watson.” She said and chuckled a little. John smiled. “Yeah yeah, I need books for my biology class. Hold your horses, I'm not a reader just yet.” He said and headed to the right shelf.
Sherlock observed all of the groceries as he tried to figure out where to put them away one by one. John soon came in after him and hurried into the kitchen, gently placing a hand over Sherlock’s. “Thank you for carrying up the groceries, I really appreciate it,” John spoke softly. Sherlock swallowed thickly and turned around. He scratched his curls before glancing up at John.
“Are you done with your little speech? If so, I want to see Sherlock… Please,” John simply answered and Mycroft frowned.
Yay 2000 hits!!! Thank you everyone :D! I'm so sorry this took an entire week to update. Work has been madness and the days just rolled by! I hope this cute chapter did the waiting justice, and I'm looking forward to writing the next one! Much love <3 //NightOfFanfics
“Probably Mrs. H,” John said and got up from his seat and headed for the door. Sherlock listened curiously, straightening up quickly as he heard an unfamiliar voice, a male voice. Mike smiled eagerly at John in the doorway, holding up a few coffees to go and another bag with baked goods.
Come the first class, John could barely focus. He was tired, and the subject was boring, and his eyes travelled to Sherlock almost every minute. It was difficult. He looked so gorgeous. All messy and hot looking... John blushed, his cheeks heating up. No, he shouldn't think like that in class.... He shouldn't think that way at all! Or... Well there was nothing wrong with it, essentially. John chewed on his pencil a little, realising Sherlock had noticed him staring. Sherlock was smirking widely, positively beaming with himself as he saw John eyeing him like that. When the class finally was over, John swooped up behind Sherlock quickly. “Bathroom, now.” He whispered, Sherlock's cheeks heating up.
Sherlock nodded, but was sad that the arm around his waist had disappeared. He sighed fondly and walked over to Mycroft to help him make tea. His brother looked at him curiously, tilting his head. “You and John are getting close very quickly.” Mycroft murmured quietly. Sherlock nodded, looking over as John stretched his toned body to put the next plate of food into the microwave. “We are, but not quickly enough-” Sherlock breathed but then shut his mouth quickly when he realised he was talking to his brother, and he shouldn't say that sort of thing to him. Mycroft cleared his throat. “Mmm... I can see that. Just... Uhm... You know. Be safe.” Mycroft said with a knowing look before slipping out of the kitchen with his tea. Sherlock frowned, tilting his head. /Be safe/? What was that supposed to mean- Oh. /Oh/. Sherlock blushed furiously, running a hand through his curls. He knew exactly what Mycroft meant by that.
The rest of their dinner, or snack, had gone by pretty quietly. John had glanced at Sherlock every now and again, and Sherlock seemed content just to sit by the table and eat his sandwich and drink his tea. John felt a bit awkward, and he had a lot to think about. It had already been quite turbulent between the two, but at the same time, they had also shared some nicer moments as well. He had been given a sort of
“I uh… I suppose so, yeah. It’s been… A whirlwind the last couple of days you can say that…” John said and sipped his tea. Ella nodded and smiled softly.
time for having Sherlock, and if he wasn’t happy he was to contact Mr Holmes to come and retrieve Sherlock back.
“Ah, Ella, good morning. Tea?” John asked as he invited Ella inside, rushing to the living room to pour them some tea. Ella followed and smiled softly.
“Th- Thank you and I- I’m sorry for my behaviour I- I didn’t know you were the one- That told John about me- That- Thank you so very much-” Sherlock breathed out harshly and John placed a gentle hand on his back, trying to calm him while looking away as much as possible, trying to hide his embarrassment and tomato red face from Ella. Ella smiled softly and nodded.
The next day started like any other one. John allowed Sherlock to help with breakfast since he was so eager to learn things, and he thought it might be good as well. He still felt a bit bad about having a go at the android last night, so he was perhaps a bit more lenient today than the other days. John frowned though as he sat down by the table to enjoy the breakfast they had made, as he heard a knock on the door.
“My, seems you didn’t lose your culinary expertise in the army at least,” Mike smiled and John smiled back, nodding just a little.
“John, I-” “He's in here, sorry Sherlock.” Molly interrupted Sherlock, quickly opening the door. Sherlock flinched as Mycroft suddenly stormed into the bedroom, rushing straight for John and pulling him out of the bed and pushing him against the wall. “I told you to keep him safe!!” Mycroft yelled, banging John against the wall once more. John's eyes were wide with fear and he gripped at Mycroft's wrists, letting out a distressed whimper. “Myc-Mycroft I-” John stuttered, not even sure how the older brother knew anything about what had happened. “Mycroft stop it!” Sherlock yelled, getting out of bed and trying to pry his brother off of John. “Stay out of this little brother!” Mycroft growled, pushing Sherlock back onto the bed before gripping John tighter. “You had one job Watson! One job and you failed!” Mycroft yelled, many people standing in the doorway now, peering into the bedroom. Molly and Mike quickly tried to push them away, Mike entering the room and closing the door. “Alright lay off him mate this is John's birthday party yeah? And he tried his bloody best okay? He made him go away and leave Sherlock alone.” Mike tried. Mycroft looked back at him with a mean gaze. “This shouldn't have happened at all. He shouldn't have to make him leave Sherlock alone. He shouldn't have been that close to Sherlock in the first place!” Mycroft shouted, keeping his grip tight on John who was gasping for air. He was panicked, having flashbacks to his father hitting him. “Mycroft- Please- I didn't know- I came as soon as I could I protected Sherlock as quickly as I could Mycroft-” John rambled, Sherlock making another dash to try to make his brother let go. “I hate you!! Stop it now!!” He yelled, eventually able to make Mycroft back away. “You need to stop spying on me! You need to stop sending all your friends to spy on me! It's not fair! Me and John were having a lovely time and now you've ruined it all!!” Sherlock yelled, John gently sitting down on the floor, his breathing laboured. Mike rushed towards him, knowing what was going on. “Calm down, calm down it will be over soon. You've had panic attacks before, you know it will be over soon.” Mike said reassuringly, Sherlock's eyes filled with tears as he looked at his brother.
“Mate, it’s just for an hour, tops, I promise,” John interrupted and Sherlock flinched a little at the tone in his voice. Mike sighed but nodded and John nodded back, letting go of Sherlock’s arm. “I’ll be right back. Be… Be good okay?” John said before rushing out the door.
“ENTERING PROTECTION MODE,” The android shouted out before charging back at Sherlock who ducked and wrapped his arms around the waist of the android before he was pushed into the wall. The two fell down onto the floor and rolled around once, twice, knocking things down in their way before Sherlock found himself above.
“Yeah, absolutely. If it wasn’t for her I wouldn’t even have considered-” But before John could finish his sentence, Sherlock had stormed back out and down the stairs, pulling a confused Ella into a tight hug, squeezing her harshly. John rushed down after him and Ella pressed out a smile.
Sherlock quickly slipped out of his robe and into the bed, patting the covers and smoothing them out on top of himself. He sighed and bit his lip. Should he also lose some of his clothing? No... No he was far too shy for that. He blushed and looked around himself, trying to think of something but he wasn't sure what. Before he knew it, John came back out and moved towards the bed, smiling softly. “Ready? I'll turn off the ceiling light but we can have the nightstand light on for a bit longer if you'd like. I'm not that sleepy.” John said and Sherlock nodded, John flicking the light switch beside the door. The room was now dimly lit, much more cozier than before and John hurried to the bed, flipping over the covers and crawling up beside Sherlock. “Hey.” He said softly, smiling. Sherlock blushed. “Hello...” He said awkwardly, looking at John. John sighed. “Is this too much? I can put some clothes back on, it doesn't matter I can sleep in my regular clothes it's fine I didn't want this to be too much I just thought-” John rambled on until Sherlock smiled and placed his fingertips on John's lips. “John, calm down.” He said softly. “It's not too much, or too little for that matter.” Sherlock grinned cheekily but then looked more shy as he removed his fingers. “It's just... new. To me. Probably not to you. Well with a man perhaps but...” He fumbled with his words, biting his lip. John nodded understandingly and took Sherlock's hand, playing with his fingers that had been on his lips. “Okay, well, I... I like being close to you like this, so you don't have to worry about me. And if it's alright for you too then... Then I'd like to stay this way.” John said sincerely and Sherlock was lost in John's eyes, not sure if he really was listening or not. He snapped out of it quickly though and smiled softly. “Yes, it's very alright with me.” Sherlock said and moved closer, his clothed body gently rubbing up against John's almost naked one. He then giggled a little, not able to help himself. “Where did you get those boxers anyway?” Sherlock said and John rolled his eyes and groaned. “Gosh, I knew you would bring that up...” He murmured awkwardly. Sherlock chuckled. “I like them. I like them a lot.” Sherlock said and nodded, his eyes a bit lidded. John looked up at him curiously and smiled. “You do? Well then...” He said and chuckled a bit himself. “I'll wear them more often.” He said and winked cheekily, both of them giggling and laughing together, the tension that was once in the room now replaced by laughter and a sense of relief that they both felt together.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had just walked into the door of his house, his mother and father rushing towards him with big smiles. “Oh Shirley!! Myc told us the good news! Your very first party with new friends! And so quickly after you've started the new school!” Mrs. Holmes gushed and started to hug and pepper Sherlock's face with kisses. Mr. Holmes hugged his son too, sighing contently. “Good job my wonderful son.” He said and ruffled Sherlock's curls. Sherlock was positively blushing now and he rolled his eyes. “Mother, father, this is certainly not necessary...” Sherlock muttered. “Oh but it is. My little brother, all grown up.” Mycroft said suddenly with a teasing grin, appearing in the hallway as well. He frowned though when he realised that Sherlock wasn't wearing the same shirt he left in. “What happened to your shirt?” Mycroft said without thinking first, Mrs. Holmes looking quickly to it. Sherlock blushed deeper. “I... I spilled. Well, I didn't really spill but someone spilled their drink on me. This... This is a friend's shirt. He... He let me borrow it.” Sherlock said and Mycroft new instantly exactly what 'friend' this was. But for now he was a good big brother and didn't mention anything about it. Mrs. Holmes smiled. “Well that was very kind of him. We'll have him over for afternoon tea sometime.” She tutted softly and kissed Sherlock's cheek again. “Come luv, I've prepared some tea and biscuits for you.” She said and tugged him into the kitchen eagerly but gently. “We want to hear all about it.” Mr. Holmes said, following them inside.
“It’s alright, he was a new person to enter the flat for you, it’s understandable. I haven’t had him over in ages either so, it was a bit new to me as well,” John nodded and put the plates away. Sherlock nodded, chewing on his lip a bit.
“I understand, I could use a re-charge as well. Thank you so much for the tea and the cucumber sandwich, I will be heading upstairs now, sir,” Sherlock said in a monotone voice as he stood from his seat, clearing off his plate and cup while John kept his eyes on him before nodding.
“No no no! How can they possibly be adults and not know the answer to that!” Sherlock yelled at the telly, getting more and more riled up as the show went. John chuckled a little. “Calm down Sherlock, it's just a silly game show.” John encouraged, not wanting Sherlock to become upset. Sherlock looked up at John with big eyes and a giant pout. “But they're stupid!” He argued with a huff. John couldn't help but chuckle once more. “Perhaps, but not everyone can be as brilliant as you. If they were, you wouldn't be brilliant now would you?” John said softly, getting used to complimenting Sherlock. Sherlock blushed deeply, his pout going back to a soft little smile. “Really? You... You think I'm brilliant?” Sherlock asked and Harry snorted. “Don't feed his ego.” She muttered with a smirk. Sherlock frowned. “My ego is just fine thank you, and if John is the one feeding it then I wouldn't have it any other way.” Sherlock argued and put his half finished plate on the table before wrapping his arms around John's middle, cuddling up close. John blushed deeply and cleared his throat. “Right, uhm, didn't you like your breakfast Sherlock?” John asked, trying to quickly change the subject. Sherlock looked up at John. Oh. He looked to his plate. He hadn't realised he had left that much on it, it was just his usual manner. “I- No- No it's brilliant I'm just... Just taking a short break that's all. I can't eat when I'm upset at stupid game show people...” Sherlock said quickly and leaned his head back on John's shoulder. John nodded. “I see...” He hummed, finishing his own portion, looking down at Sherlock before placing his plate on the table.
“Myc? Can I come in?” Sherlock said and knocked gently. There was no answer, but he entered anyway of course. “What do you want?” Mycroft murmured, sitting tucked into his bed with his laptop on his lap. Sherlock sighed. “I wanted to apologise... And bring you your tea.” He said and put Mycroft's mug on the nightstand. Sherlock bit his lip. “I... I didn't mean to upset you so... I just... I can see what you want and I just wanted to help you towards that goal...” Sherlock said and looked at Mycroft sincerely. Mycroft nodded, but didn't look at his brother. “I see. Thank you for your kindness. You may leave.” He said quietly. Sherlock sighed and looked down at the floor, turning around and headed back out the door.
I hope this longer chapter will make up for it, and I will do my best to get the next one published as soon as possible.
John entered the bedroom quickly, smiling as he saw Sherlock peering around the room. “Looking for something?” He asked and joined him back on the bed. Sherlock shrugged. “I was just looking around for things that we could do. If you would allow me to stay, of course. I can leave if you want me to.” Sherlock said quickly and nodded. John smiled and shook his head. “You can stay if you'd like. It's fine. I'm sure we could figure out something fun to do. I have board games if you like those.” John said softly with another nod. “Are you hungry? I could go start breakfast for us if you'd like. I can make us some scrambled eggs, sausage and toast?” John suggested and Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “I'm not really a breakfast person John... I'm sure you can cook a very nice breakfast, but I'll just have some toast and tea, if that's alright.” Sherlock murmured and John nodded, a bit let down by that. He was looking forward to impressing Sherlock with his breakfast cooking skills, but now he had to change that idea out for another one. Sherlock frowned, deducing John's facial expression quickly. “But... I'm feeling a bit hungry this morning. I could try some of your breakfast, if you're going to have it yourself either way.” Sherlock added quickly and John beamed once more. “Yeah, yeah I'm going to have it either way. I'll make you some then, I'll keep the portion small though so that you won't get overwhelmed.” John said thoughtfully with a smile. “Do you want to come downstairs and help?” John offered and Sherlock nodded. “Yes, of course.” He said and stood up from the bed, stretching out with a big yawn. He was a terrible cook, but he didn't want to sit up in the bedroom all by himself. John smiled. “Come on then, chop chop.” He teased and headed out the door and down to the kitchen.
strike?” Mycroft interrupted with a laugh. “So, what about that little mishap with your landlady which had Sherlock on the floor in distress from you raising your voice and hand at him?” Mycroft said and John frowned.
“Now, what do you need or want right now? Do you need to load a bit?” John asked and Sherlock shook his head.
It didn't take much longer until Mrs. Holmes entered the room with a tray that could stand up on the bed, and on it were two big steaming mugs of tea and two big pieces of carrot cake. “There we are.” She cooed and smiled, glad the boys weren't so jittery and jumpy this time. “A dessert fit for a king and... king.” She said and giggled a little. John smiled. “Thank you Mrs. Holmes, it looks delicious.” John said as he eyed the giant dessert. Mrs. Holmes smiled and nodded. “Alright, just come downstairs if you need anything else.” She said and quickly headed for the door, closing it gently behind her.
John felt quite content right now. He had nice food, nice company, it was warm and nice and cozy. Sherlock looked amazing. He looked up at the other, blushing. He didn't know why exactly, but this afternoon Sherlock looked utterly perfect. Maybe it was the light in the room, maybe it was the fact that the blush seemed to never leave the other's cheeks. Whatever it was, John could stare at Sherlock forever and ever. And he even caught himself doing that, and cleared his throat quickly. “So, what movie would you like to watch?” He asked curiously, stabbing gently at the food with his fork. Sherlock shrugged and grabbed his laptop from under the bed. “We can watch anything really.” He said and nodded. “I'm not that picky.” Sherlock said and smiled gently. John smiled as well and nodded. “Right... How about... Any of the James Bond movies?” John suggested. Sherlock couldn't help it and he wrinkled his nose almost immediately. “Okay, I know I said we could watch anything, but please don't make me sit through a James Bond movie, John.” Sherlock pleaded, looking at the other with begging eyes. John frowned. “What's wrong with Bond? It has action, gadgets, love,” “/Love/? If you call that love then-” Sherlock stopped himself after having interrupted John. He swallowed. Why was he making fun of John all of the sudden? “I'm sorry- I'm so so sorry-” Sherlock began stuttering but when he looked back up at John he noticed the other was grinning massively. “Why- Why are you smiling like that?” Sherlock asked, almost afraid by the big smile. John chuckled. “Because we sound like an old married couple already.” He said and reached to take Sherlock's hand. “Alright, no Bond films. Let's think of something else.” John said and nodded, smiling and squeezing Sherlock's hand in his own. Sherlock blushed and nodded, smiling now as well. He wanted them to sound like and old married couple. That sounded amazing. “Perhaps we can watch a superhero movie? I find them quite exciting in the silliness of it all. But it's almost like they're made to be silly, so that makes them good. Does that make sense?” Sherlock said and John nodded with another chuckle. “Yeah. Yeah that makes sense. Let's do that then.” John agreed with a smile.
John sat down and shuffled awkwardly onto the middle of the bed, closer to Sherlock before turning to him. “You alright?” John said softly and Sherlock nodded before shifting closer, leaning his head against John’s chest.
“I’m not open to them,” John interrupted Mike swiftly. Mike furrowed his brows. John sighed. “I… I’m trying it out, okay? It’s… I don’t know if it’s for me yet but…” John glanced towards the kitchen. “This one is… Special. He’s… A special android he’s not like your worker androids or public androids. He’s… Been through some things. He’s not from the big company either. He’s from a smaller one. A less public one. In all honesty, I’m probably helping him more than he’s helping me,” John blurted out and Mike’s expression softened into a smile again. Ah. So that’s how John was convinced to take him in. Mike would play along of course. He nodded.
“If you keep acting up like this I will have to call someone. Where’s your human? Did he abandon you here because you’re broken?” The android pushed before he felt a sharp pressure change to his cheekbone. Sherlock had sent a flying punch to the other android’s face, causing him to stumble backwards a few times. The eyes of the android shone red.
John had dressed fairly nicely, not something that he usually bothered with doing. And it seemed Sherlock had had the same idea. A nice deep purple shirt was neatly buttoned under the black suit jacket and he had tied his usual navy scarf around his neck tightly. John wore his favourite oatmeal jumper with a checkered blue shirt underneath, and a black jacket over top of it.
The night was coming to an end and the last of the group stood outside, John chatting away with Mike about the coming weekend and his birthday. It wasn't too long left now since it was thursday evening, and really they were planning everything a bit too late. “At least I'll be able to buy the drinks for the party and you don't have to go to your cousin for help.” John said with a soft chuckle, Sherlock standing awkwardly beside him. Mike nodded. “Yeah, well that's one good thing at least.” He said and chuckled as well. “So what time does your parents leave?” John asked Mike. “They'll leave around three o'clock in the afternoon so after that we can start getting everything together. We'll need snacks too, and a cake of course.” Mike pondered. John nodded. “We'll start the party at seven, I think, does that sound good?” John said and Mike nodded. “Yeah, yeah that sounds about right. It will kick off later probably, we have the house all to ourselves the day after as well so we'll have time to clean up.” Mike grinned. John rolled his eyes. “Well we should try to keep it fairly calm, I don't want it to get absolutely mental Mike.” John said with a firm nod. It was Mike's turn to roll his eyes. “Party pooper.” He said and nudged John's arm. “Isn't he a party pooper Sherlock?” Mike said, trying to make up from his earlier mistake. Sherlock blushed and shrugged. “I think it's suitable for his age to be acting like an adult and not wanting the party to get out of hand.” Sherlock rambled factually and looked at John with a little smile. That was a compliment after all, in his mind. John smiled and chuckled a little. “Yeah, Sherlock's right.” John said with a determined nod, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulder and pulling him close, something he would do with any friend of his. But for Sherlock, that only caused his cheeks to heat up more, gently allowing himself to lean his head onto John's shoulder. That made John freeze a bit. That wasn't the usual response his friends gave him when he did that. Sherlock noticed that the situation suddenly got awkward and quickly moved his head off of John's shoulder, standing straight once again. “Of course I'm right.” Sherlock murmured quickly and quietly, trying to seem like nothing had happened. John's cheeks were a bit flushed too and he quickly let go of Sherlock's shoulders, rubbing his neck.
Once home, he was greeted by his mother with the usual hug and peck on the cheek. “Mother I'm too old for this...” Sherlock grumbled cutely, his curls falling in front of his eyes. Mrs. Holmes sighed fondly. “Oh don't be like that Shirley, you know you're too cute to not kiss on the cheek.” She said and brushed of Sherlock's cheek with her thumb. “Your brother is home and we're all having dinner together and that's that.” She said quickly and Sherlock groaned loudly. “You mean /he/ is having dinner. I'm surprised if there would be anything left for the rest of us.” Sherlock huffed with a smirk. Mrs. Holmes rolled her eyes. “Now now play nice with your brother.” She tutted and headed to the kitchen.
“I’m here. I’m here Sherlock, it’s alright, it’s going to be okay, come… Come here yeah?” John held out his hand closer. Sherlock’s eyes flickered swiftly as he looked at the hand extended to him.
Meanwhile, the driver, Daniel as usual, was looking in the rearview mirror from time to time, observing the two quietly. Mycroft's orders, of course, and he never wanted to disobey them. At a red light, he quickly sent a text to the older brother, explaining the affection they both were displaying. When the phone buzzed on Mycroft's desk, he quickly picked it up, grinning widely. Finally, he thought to himself and tossed the phone onto his bed. Even though he was happy since he knew how much this meant to his brother, his job as a protective older brother set in and he was determined to make sure John wasn't going to hurt Sherlock any time soon. He was still angry from what had happened at the party, though he had been feeling bad for being so harsh to John. He knew he had probably tried his best to protect Sherlock, and he had no right to attack John in such a way, especially considering the abuse he got from home. He cleared his throat, making sure he looked decent, getting ready for the two to arrive at the house.
“‘Course you are, what a silly question that is…” John mumbled, scratching his neck awkwardly. Sherlock beamed and watched as John sat down in his chair, effortlessly deciding John’s lap was the best place to sit and sat down. “What-” John blushed furiously and rubbed his face tiredly. “Sherlock,” John tried and Sherlock looked at him in confusion.
John sighed contently. Maybe things would work itself out then. He didn't care much for birthdays anyway. All you did was getting older, and he could see nothing good coming from that. His sister was older but none the wiser for it. He started eating his cereal, watching a rugby match on the telly. Maybe he could be England's next big rugby player. Who said he couldn't?
John got home after a little over half an hour of chugging on the bus and as soon as he stepped through the door, he texted Sherlock.
“John- I- Little help here-?” Ella croaked out, and John knew first hand how strong Sherlock’s grip could be. John moved quickly up to Sherlock and wrapped his arms around his waist, tugging him loose from Ella.
“With… With me? Uhm… Right, yes, of course, yeah;” John cleared his throat and took off his outerwear and helped Sherlock with his coat and scarf as well before heading to his own bedroom. He was still helping Sherlock to get there and after gently kicking the door open, he gently helped Sherlock to the bed. He glanced around his room and blushed a little. “It’s uhm… A bit messy, I hope you don’t mind,” John said, and didn’t really get a response. Sherlock probably couldn’t tell messy apart from clean, could he? Sherlock didn’t respond, instead, he toed off his shoes and laid down on the bed and curled up, looking at John with big eyes. John had his hands on his hips and glanced around awkwardly as he toed off his own shoes as well and moved towards the bed.
“If it is what you want… I’ll do it,” Sherlock said, his voice monotone though and not as excited as it had been before. John chewed on his lip a bit before wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s once more, guiding him to Mike’s.
It had been somewhat of a struggle getting home. Sherlock’s walking function was still buffering and his speech was incoherent as well. But eventually they had gotten into a cab and soon they were heading up to the comfort of the flat.
“I know, I know alright? Which is why I need you to look after Sherlock for just a moment yeah? Please? I won’t be long, promise,” John stuttered out quickly as Sherlock sat outside Mike’s room, waiting silently. Mike sighed.
It was cramped, dusty, dimly lit and cluttered with things from the floor all the way up to the ceiling. It smelled of old tobacco, whiskey, dust, and notes of old leather. Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “I think you are out on a whim here brother dear...” Sherlock muttered, picking up an old obnoxious dog statue. “I don't know what we could find here that's nice...” Sherlock sighed, looking up a wall that was covered with mirrors, taking the time to correct his curls. “Don't judge the book by it's cover.” Mycroft answered simply, rummaging through some things. “May I help you?” A man suddenly said, as if appearing from thin air since he came from a dark corner of the shop. Sherlock looked to the man, taking a step back. Mycroft cleared his throat and stood up. “Yes, please. We're looking for a gift for my brother's friend. He's a rugby player and he doesn't like to read. And that's about it really, for what we know about him.” Mycroft said and earned himself a nudge from Sherlock at how pitiful that sounded. The man chuckled heartily. “Ah, well then. Let's see if I can find anything suitable...” He said and began moving about the little shop.
Molly’s whole face lit up, her answer to his question obvious. “Oh yes!” she exclaimed. “He is the love of my life and I’m incredibly grateful that I met him. He is such a kind and gentle man. He treats me right, he loves me and he would never let anything happen to me. When I told him I wanted to become a doctor, he was immediately enthusiastic and he encourages my studies. He wants me to have a job, earn my own money, and be happy. We can have children later, he says.”
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?” she smirked, “did Danny here hit you too hard? I’m sorry, but we’re not used to people breaking into our offices so you must forgive him if he used a little more strength than should have been necessary.” She grabbed his hair in a sudden move and pulled it back brutally, which caused him to gasp in surprise and pain. “It doesn’t matter though. Because you will be dead in half an hour.”
“John. Did you listen to me at all?” Sherlock snapped his fingers in front of John’s face, startling John out of his thoughts.
He grinned shyly and looked down. “Seems like it works...for us. It helped me sleep through most of the night, if I remember correctly, so….”
“Don’t you speak to me in that tone, Mister, “she warned him with a raised finger, and he rolled his eyes at her but ceased when he noticed Sherlock’s disapproving look.
The nurse bit her lip and blushed as she gathered all her courage and spoke. “Oh, no, Mr. Holmes. We have another tray for Mr. Watson, as the accompanying person to you, he has the same right to breakfast as the patients. I’ll fetch it right away.”
John frowned. He hadn’t even thought that far but of course Greg was right to ask this question. Sherlock had never seemed to have indulged in any kind of relationship while he knew him, and he hadn’t told him about previous relations he might have had with either men or women. They had had this awkward conversation at that Italian restaurant on the first day they had met where the owner had thought they were on a date and Sherlock had told him that women were ‘not really his area’. He had assumed he was gay then, but he had not seen him in the company of any man since then and he also couldn’t picture him with someone. Most of the time the detective seemed averse to physical contact and he despised the simplicity and lack of intelligence in most people, intellect, and cleverness probably being the most important thing he would look for in another person. That was if he was interested in any other human being as partners at all.
He was at a loss. Before, everything had seemed perfect. Somehow, they had managed to come together at last, both of them vulnerable and scared of finally revealing emotions long kept hidden underneath the surface. He had revealed his feelings for Sherlock or at least he had started to. Tried to. He thought he had seen the same affection in Sherlock’s shimmering eyes that he was harbouring inside, but now...
