?" Peter was staring, but not any less than Stark, who was so shocked that he was rendered speechless.
But all that was just for show, and someone like Steve who was good at noticing the details would see through it, not to mention a trained assassin like Barnes. Tony wondered whether they pitied him.
"How accurately can Friday learn? Can she learn anything you want her to?"
But now all he could sense that the news shocked Steve so badly he forgot he was about to put some distance between them, so Tony could get to him again, continuing where he left off: kissing Steve.
"I'm sorry, I'd rather drink the green bio decaf formula that Pepper had brought 3 years ago, but nobody drank ever since, than let my own AI hold me hostage. Especially with you, Cap."
the worst brother, even if you made sure you excel in both knowledge and magic, Thor still has..."
Coulson still struggles to accept the concept that Steve could be interested in him in any way that wasn't just a bad joke, but to the hell with it, he had a long and tiring day, just as Steve, and it's not like they didn't earn at least some food to eat, right?
It was too late, but now Tony got the difference between friendship and what he felt for Rhodey when Rhodey's military friends kept showing up, and they became Tony's friends as well, and while he never would have considered Steve or Bucky or Sam for a night, Rhodey was always different, wasn't he?
"Like that could ever stop me. Or don't you remember?" Tony gave him a wink.
"Because nobody knows you're here, and all my friends think you're a super-villain, for one?"
Steve would have expected Tony to colorfully send them to hell twice and back, but maybe Tony was too far gone, or Bucky had a way to communicate with him because he didn't. Not only that, but he didn't fight their closeness either, taking deep breaths.
"Um, that would be Bruce, probably. He's great, you know," now Tony was pulling his leg as if he didn't even get how Loki was referring to himself.
touch anything," Tony told him, making the screen disappear before Steve could take a closer look. "I was talking about a magical cure for insomnia. Evidently, I don't have any."
"And for the first time, I want you properly in a bed, not just here on a desk."
"No promises," Steve annoyingly told him, but he more than made up for it the way he was beaming with happiness, and Loki wanted to think it was at least partially because of him.
Steve has been told they wanted him to take the serum because it can't change who you were before. Only, what nobody told him was how if you had a "small man mindset", he could get trapped in that as well. What was seen as something desirable to serve his country, might have also made him overlook things.
"It means the world that you say that," Tony gently reached out for him with his left hand - he couldn't use the right, and might never again. "And I wish we could do just that. But..."
"But I haven't even taught you this spell."
Only, he had to kind of rush to complete it. And - afraid for Rhodey's life - he had to test the prototypes one by one, often with some difficulty, which meant that... yeah, he might have destroyed half of his garage in the process, and he had black and blue bruises all over.
"What in Vishanti's name... who are you and how did you get through the Sanctum's protections?"
"So everyone knows. Good," was all that Rhodey said, just before taking Tony back to bed again. "Now if anyone as much as looks at you in the wrong or in a suggestive way, they know they should expect War Machine to show up at their door knocking, teaching them a lesson they aren't likely to forget."
"So, you'll take care of it?" he asked Strange, who held the blue baby with the help of his moving cape now.
Steve was baffled by this new kind of Tony, but he got used to it so fast it was then impossible to believe there was a time when they didn’t get along.
"Shouldn't we just listen to her? Can't be so bad, if all she wants us to speak," Steve noted. "But if you hack Friday, the security of your suits, the whole Tower, and even the coffee machines on the premises will be down for a while, won't they?"
But after they got back together, it wasn't anything like that. Steve could be a better Alpha in every other different aspect of his life exactly because he didn't need to pretend with Tony. At home, he was safe to be just Steve without all the other
"What? I didn't... I truly want to stay here," Steve thought Rocket was talking about Steve coming back to Earth.
As time passed though, everything was taken for granted, and there was less magic even in magic. And Loki also developed a sort of magical tolerance, his powers feeling different. He couldn't feel anything in his magical essence, and with his mind, he supposed all he should be feeling was used.
"I only have the capacity you raised me to have," he snarled back. "No doubt fearing the repercussions of raiding so many, defenseless worlds, you took in a Frost Giant baby, and raised it as more of a monster than any of my people originally are. Hoping your actions and golden son will look better by comparison."
"And if I already did?" Quill was nothing if not stubborn. This time, he didn't want to just back down, but he must have underestimated how pissed Rocket was about the fake-date thing, because one second Quill was about to crack a lame joke, and the next, Rocket was pushing him to the table and kissing him.
"So how do we get out of this one?"
Humankind defeated biology. But not bigotry. Alphas (or the people who could trick people to think they were Alphas) were still considered superior, got better jobs, and walked into any room like they owned everything and everyone in it.
Loki thought he must be getting better indeed if he could think of the aforementioned activities with such vigor now. But he listened to his body once before when he should have used his words instead when he first slept with Tony, so now he tried to concentrate on what mattered.
“I didn’t know, how could you?” Tony told him.
“I thought the gender therapy back in your time wasn’t perfect, that’s all. You're bigger than me, and you’re always the first to jump on any sign of danger...”
When it turned out to be Valkyrie, Thor could only hiss. "What do you think, how much the Grandmaster would pay for a small pet like you?"
“Is this what you tell yourself? You’ve kidnapped me. You aren’t any better than the Alpha who took your bondmate,” it was a low blow. But maybe it wasn’t too late yet. If Tony could return to Obi, and
In theory, that was right, but when reality came crashing down, it turned out everything but.
"Not necessarily," Phil tells him. "But with the numbers you have now if you posted more regularly, I think it's safe to assume that you could easily double your following, although there's always a risk of too much content too if nobody cares. But I've found that in your case, girls can rarely get enough of your posts, so..."
"Uh-huh. Cares, like when a girl once stabbed my hand with a pencil, and I was afraid I'll get led poisoning or something and he just laughed and offered to pour some whiskey on it for me from the bottle he was drinking or the time when-"
"I'm 1048, from Asgard but originally Jotunheim, and I'm allergic to people asking questions they already know the answer to," Loki just said, and when he only got a wondering look, he just shrugged. "I mean, it's not like you really know me, so I thought I'd help you out a little, stating facts you seem to find important."
"For the record, I'm not that narcissistic," Loki felt ridiculous saying that, but then again, it would have felt weirder if he didn't.
"When his life can be exchanged for the Soul Stone, although he is supposed to be just a biological machine," Vision finished it.
Luckily, Rocket knew him as well, it seemed, because he only grinned, and didn't take him up on Quill's declaration.
Then he was immersed in more water again - he gave Hulk a very irritated high pitched roar - and dried with a towel, only for Hulk to pick him up and put him on the shoulders.
Or maybe, Loki - the real, vulnerable side of him - was more visible when he was so pathetic that he couldn't even stand, and his mask had especially slipped when he saved the Captain's life.
"You mean it sometimes glitches?" Tony was already seating Barnes down, ready to hook him up for diagnostics.
"No, but look," Loki used a charm that Odin used on him. "Now you can. If I can give you one piece of advice: never raise her with siblings. I don't think you'd want that on your conscience, Doctor."
"And if I told you I needed a partner?" Thor said, now taking his hand.
"I have something to show you," Tony tried to ignore how he happened to find Bucky in the gym, all sweaty and looking like a male model in form-fitting shorts and a plain white T.
"I'm sure you can get it back," Bucky only said.
"He's just a kid! I just didn't want him to see us because I'm his teacher and wouldn't want it to turn awkward, so it was easier-"
"That's what he told you?" Gamora just sighed.
"I have come up with a better name. SuperLegs. Because I have super legs," Rhodey told him one day when he was already able to walk in the mansion with it, adjusting quickly once Tony got the braces ready. "How much weight I can lift now with them? A car, perhaps?"
- never should have enabled him to act like this, right from the start."
"Well, try," Tony sarcastically noted. At first glance, he was angry, but at second, he had lines under his eyes, and his emotions were volatile, shifting from one extreme to another. Also a complication of Loki leeching on Tony, then mostly stopping when hospitalized now.
"Um, Rocket started the engines, and I don't think he was kidding about your weapons."
"I'd like to know what I'm up against. Don't you?"
Loki could only laugh.
Only to find "war" and "machine" that matched his own.
"Great! Let me know how much it will initially cost."
"Maybe you could get a real cat, Cap. And come out to your teammates without using me as an excuse?" he winked, and was still wearing a forced smile when he left.
"I'm type O, the universal donor, and I have the Serum in my blood."
Also, he could not tell the OSP person anything. Not that he would have. He didn’t really know anything else but this (first under Howard’s care, then Obadiah taking over), and he had no illusions that no matter what he did, he’ll never escape it.
It was too much. Tony had never felt so helpless in his entire life, even though he was pretty much without control all along. Even though he knew better, there seemed no possible way to convince the blond Alpha.
And Tony could give him all the fancy tech in the whole world, but when it came to the Time-Heist, Steve still had to be teamed up with someone who wasn't as useless in combat as him.
"But I only just found you," the girl pointed at Loki. "Don't leave - again."
"Funny, because I think we should have done this a long time ago," Steve said, and Bucky turned them around with force and was about to leave the whole Avengers business, the Tower, and the country behind, but then something unexpected happened.
"About the Avengers not knowing, we could tell them. They aren't children if I vouch for you..."
sorry, Steve. But maybe it’s just as well. I can help you with the Heat - if you let me. But I also have a plan if you don’t want to. You’ll take the medicine, and I rent a car, and-“
And Tony's advice worked. Steve needed his daily exercise routine to get his head back on straight, but after he was done, he knew what to do. He registered on a site that was looking for volunteers.
And it was the only thing that kept his mind from turning on itself. So he designed small things now - useless stuff, really, and ever careful that it should have no possible application in connection to Omegas, but he always feared he missed something and it gave him nightmares.
Except, Ronan, who was not only the captain of the football and the debate team, the second-best student in the entire school (if not the planet), claimed Gamora was his girlfriend (she wasn’t), and Quill tried to steal her (he didn’t).
"Um..."
"I mean no, we can't stay together. I'm a danger to you, and you're-"
Except, Tony wasn’t.
"The only thing I could put there right now would be Levi, and I doubt he'd appreciate that."
"And the smaller you are, the more magic you have to heal, right? So it should be a kitten then," Steve held the device in front of him with a furry little beast displayed.
Tony was so abruptly silent Steve feared he suggested something offensive, so he was ready to take it back.
But as Tony didn't know what was happening, he wasn't aware why he liked to spend time with Loki so much. He must have subconsciously noticed that his mood became better when he spent time with Loki because he kept showing up next to Loki's bedside in the hospital room, and then offered Loki accommodation in the Avengers Tower as well, but when they talked...
"But you told him about everything else?" Bruce could only gape at him.
But it wasn't enough, Thanos had magical stones that were charged by thousands if not millions of magicals in the past. Some even gave their lives for them, only making the artifacts more potent than ever, and Thanos had a will to wield such power, unfortunately.
Loki wanted to, but then, when the Captain picked him up to place him on the pillow where Loki usually had slept and turned the lights off, Loki felt restless, and not just the usual way how cats can be active during the night.
"It's nothing like that!" Thor tried to assure him, but when he reached for the mortal, Bruce just avoided his - only friendly! - gesture too like plague.
“Where the hell are we going?”
"Let me get this right. You take the darkness from me because I'm similar to you?"
"I know, but I've decided. I want you, I want whatever it is, and the rest we can figure out as we go."
"That's where you're wrong," Thor told him.
And he designed a healing machine for himself that he had never told Obi about, but could heal all the physical wounds faster that Tony at a given day had on his body.
"Don't say losers, 'cause we aren't."
, Tony didn't think much of/about linguistics.
"Very... entertaining, I'm sure, but why are you telling me this?"
"No, think about it. It's an important question."
Steve took them back to the safehouse, leaving again only to pick up the strongest pain meds he could get. He tried to give it to Tony with food, but Tony could barely manage to drink a little bit of water.
"If you're so concerned about that, maybe you should shut up so I won't be so distracted," the wizard offered.
“If you truly want to help, take me back right now, and write a report up that everything’s fine.”
"You should stop calling me that," Bucky told the AI, who self-corrected.
"We need a waterboy, a statistician, and a social media manager to consult the boys."
Where, it turned out he didn't only need to take care of his body, as he previously was forced to learn, but he needed companionship as well. And not just friends whom he'd only see every two weeks, the psychologist had said - not accepting Pepper as a friend because she was also working for him, and not accepting all the times Tony met Rhodey where they were also on a work-trip because it's not on a weapon-deal that you could make meaningful conversations on.
"Then answer me this. Does the good Captain know that you're in love with him, and always had been? What do you think he'll say when I'll-"
"I'm glad to hear that. Maybe there's still some hope left for him yet," Thor announced as if Loki would care for his opinion regarding his future.
Steve didn't, and for what it seemed like years, the most awkward silence fell on them, nobody talking. Even Friday shut up, and it wasn't Tony's next move to put to an end to that.
But it would be hardly fair from Steve to try to get Bucky to open up to people then make a scene when he finally came out of his shell for a bit, even if Steve didn't share Bucky's and Tony's sense of humor.
"What's your problem?" Tony asked his best friend. "This is my birthday, property, and party, and..."
“I’d like to just go home.”
“No, but I want you to be careful. And don’t even think about teaming up with anyone else...”
"Work, I have an actual job that doesn't consist of setting up mirrors and pulling out of white bunnies out of hats, you know..."
So, Hulk did. Took Thor back to his room, wrapped him into a blanket on the floor to keep him warm, and returned with something that finally smelled so good to Thor that he hesitantly took a couple of steps to drink from it.
"That spell better worth all this trouble," Tony could only mention, because it's not like it would be safe for him not to learn how to control this power that was dropped in his lap, so he had no choice.
"Who's there?" Rocket knew this type of joke since he'd spent so much time with the kid Nebula, who learned it from the Terrans.
"The first calculation would be the likelihood of me and Bucky staying together in the long run."
of work, and I have a very intricate design in mind for the paint that also needs fixing. Maybe you could introduce me to someone who could both help me with that and wouldn't mind if I also took him out on some dates?"
But Tony seemed only deep in thought, and Steve didn't think it would be right to pry. The conversation headed to lighter topics for more than half an hour when Tony finally sighed, returning to it.
But now that Loki knew where Thor went, he had to leave soon, otherwise, there was a small chance Loki would get him back from the Hulk, and would never let him go.
"Must have been a trait she inherited from you,
"I thought we established that while my hands are crappy, you can do anything with a clone-"
“I would love that. Now I can’t think of raising them any other way. And Steve?”
But if it was that or staying in a prison cell for the rest of their lives, may it be short or long, while they were supposed to serve as entertainment to the Grandmaster, it was a no-brainer.
But just when he thought it was such a good joke to turn into one, and get close to Steve, seeing if he could induce an allergic reaction, the Captain just picked him up, placing him on a pillow, and started stroking him without a warning.
"Rabbit is right. Neither of that matters," Thor said. "But I understand how you'd need an excuse if-"
"Oh, not like that, Captain!" Thor only gave him a huge grin. "I meant on the mission I assume I'll still have. Protecting this world and such. I could be the muscle, and you could be my consciousness warning me if I'm doing something wrong."
“Yeah, he could have killed me a thousand ways but then stabbed me with my own weapon. What kind of an Alpha lets that slide?”
Steve was supposed to take the Serum, and - once it wouldn't affect his personality for the Serum to amplify - he was supposed to go through also a long and possibly painful series of treatments to also become an Alpha.
"Did she do something else to you after the lockup?"
"You should be more careful, Captain," Loki warned with a smile, acting like nothing was more natural than him saving the Midgardian. "You wouldn't want to die when there's still a fight to be fought, would you?"
So Loki never even risked it. Until he learned he was adopted, and a Frost Giant. Then he left home and would have probably self-destructed, if not for Thanos finding him, and taking him as an understudy.
"Sure," Bucky made a face that could have been intended as a smile, but only turned to a frown.
“And do you have to be naked?” Thor mused out loud. Although, he’d also never admit, but had the best sleep next.
now so shut up," Tony told him, high on power still, probably. But while Loki did this trick more times than he could count, it was never done on him. Even Frigga and Thor, who cared for him wasn't capable to, and the fact that Tony would just do it, out of blue was... Overwhelming, but in a good way.
"Do you now," Loki couldn't help but think Banner was all talk.
But, Nebula had indexed memories and direct neural-link in her hand for easier reprogramming. Maybe her previous body couldn't be saved, but Vision could save her data?
Quill only then noticed he was yet to take a bite.
"No, I guess it would have worked with a lot of people."
, I kinda got myself a 'boyfriend'. It was silly looking back, more about having a friend, and we were too young too, but the thing is... I couldn't have known that was the only day when Jarvis wasn't picking me up, my parents making an appearance, so I kissed the other boy, just a peck on his lips when saying goodbye. I've never seen my father so angry in my entire life," Tony looked up for the first time since he started talking about it, and Steve reached out to comfort him. "It's not like he hit me or anything, but he did ship me off to a boarding school only two days later, so that they'd make a 'real man' out of me. Otherwise, I shouldn't even bother coming back, he said. Even then, I had the distinct feeling it was only thanks to Mom I wasn't disowned on the spot."
"I suppose I can also risk my life and climb out of my window until I need to leave too."
But also, when Rhodey only gently stilled their movements when the kisses grew too heated, Tony understood.
"Yeah, right, but it's still too weird. And you might be okay with the Hulk taking over, but I'm not. I need... to go."
"Oh," it was a shock for Thor, even though it could be hardly called entirely unpredictable. But still a shock.
He stopped looking for his soulmate because he thought it was better if he never knew them. He had nightmares that he'd become like Schmidt, keeping an innocent woman chained to his person while he would slowly but surely destroy her, just because he was Tony Stark.
And that roll only continued once Tony got his first caffeine dose of the day, and they started testing the current arm, Tony also suiting up partially, taking mental notes of possible upgrades, now seeing the arm in action. He sucked in Christmas presents anyway.
"I will. Buy something," Coulson tries to pretend as if it's not a big deal. "Maybe not a mug, but I'd like to support the team, so, maybe something more practical..."
would annoy the hell out of me if we were to meet in person."
JARVIS kept filling up bowls automatically with cat food whenever Loki entered the kitchen. Natasha asked him to train with her, but that was just an excuse to use Loki as a punching bag, and whenever Loki wanted to try a Midgardian dessert, Clint showed up and snatched it away from him saying that sweets were for only the good guys.
"And believe me, I'm grateful for that small mercy."
"Apparently nothing, because you just canceled pizza."
But the next day he's interviewing the Coach "Fury", and Phil's mind all but skip 4-5 questions he doesn't remember even asking, because he's too busy staring at the players play (when they're finally allowed, after a long-long list of harrowing exercises).
But also, he can't cheat Rogers out of the analytics of the digital profile he has either, so it's uncomfortable, to say the least. Especially when Rogers says he's starving after practice and invites him to the closest local diner for dinner, and Coulson is about to say tell him no way, but then the captain's stomach also rumbles so loudly that Phil takes pity on him.
"And let me guess, he doesn't have any of her training regarding human behavior and speech."
“We’re going to do it together, - this time - remember?” Steve said. He was going to go with Tony anyway, that way he could also back Tony up. “But you also have to promise to be careful in return, that’s only fair.”
"Believe me, I can't work from here, so I want you to eat and get well soon," he told Loki. "But I also have a feeling if I don't ask you this now, you'll never tell me. So... what kind of spell did you have me under for the last three years?"
And Loki didn't want Barnes to what? Fade away, given that he was already dead? Loki couldn't be the only one to remember him, not after everything. Whatever unfinished business Bucky had with the Captain, Loki wanted them to make amends at least.
"But I can, if I digitally mask myself as Tony Stark, and only video conference in. I've already finished the program that's needed for it last night, while you've been doing what exactly, with my body?" Tony meant how no matter what changed, he'd still have the capability to adapt, while the Doc was trying to come at him with some kind of Hagrid act, not much of a use.
Luckily, he mastered the art of pretending to pay attention, and now he uses it.
"Talking is easy, doing it is a completely other matter..."
"Oh yeah, not
"Which, in this context means that you won't respect my wishes now, and won't leave, no matter how I don't want you here."
If Tony had his mental capacities, he’d even deny it ever happening - not always!
"Are these seats taken?"
There were many theories about how magic worked, and why some of the mages were stronger than others, but Strange had a unique opportunity to test one thing.
He fell asleep on
"If you aren't dating, you should have more free time to join us. Sometimes only Bucky, if I'm called away on SHIELD business," and Steve was heading for the door, but was stopped before he could reach it.
"No you don't," Thor only repeated. "And I don't need you to lie otherwise-"
And Tony was understandably fucking furious.
But then, Tony was right, and as the Avengers, they never had time, they were interrupted so Steve had to go left and Tony right, then a base was after them, then when they got back, Nat was gone, and Tony needed to design and build gauntlet for the Stones, not even coming back to their room for the night, even though Steve waited up for him.
"Or, you could just surprise them by not pulling anything, just think about it," Bucky told him, as if it was the evilest of plans, and not just a suggestion because he knew all too well that while Loki didn't like to seem soft, he kind of didn't feel compelled to do anything he would have in the past, a long-long time ago.
"The data shows that you have less pain, anxiety, and even slightly but measurably more productive at work after you've spent some time with either Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes, sir," JARVIS had informed him.
"Relax, it's also a cat thing. They purr when they are having a good time."
" Quill couldn't believe this.
After all the drama with Happy and Pepper, Tony locked himself in his workshop. First Bucky thought Tony just passed out from all the booze and/or was sleeping it off, by day 4 he started to suspect Tony deliberately locked the doors to get rid of him. Bucky still gave it a shot the fifth day and also trying to use the coms to talk to Tony as well, positive he was heard, but not even the AI lady answered him.
"It takes a village to raise a child, and she is mine just as much as everybody else's in the compound," Vision told him.
“For the love of Alphas, stop it, Tony. You’re in Heat, you don’t want this,” Steve managed to peal Tony’s arm off, and stumbled out of the bed.
TBH this fic progresses a bit slower than I originally intended, since I'm usually writing about Slytherins, and Cap's character is anything but, so it's harder for me to get it right. But I hope you can be patient with me just a little bit longer! XOXO
"Drink, Tiny," Hulk only pulled his form closer to the bowl he placed on the ground. "'t make you strong and big."
"I had to deal with my own shit first, true," Bruce said. "But you were also a recluse, and I didn't know how to just drop by uninvited, based on a conversation we had years ago so... I hoped we'd have a chance to at least talk after all the Time-Heist was done."
They were back in the Sanctum, with Jade crying, and Wong running up to them with a weapon until he saw it was only them.
"I don't see what difference does it make," Barnes noted, and Tony could have kissed the guy just for this right then and there, despite just promising it will never happen again. "He apologized. And must have meant that part too."
"Because I wasn't sure you didn't just find yourself attractive. I mean, you kissed back, but maybe it was also because of the unique situation we've been in, and you could have been curious, that's all..."
“Do you? Know if you do?”
“Yes?! It only goes to show my father was right and I’m a horrible Alpha. I should have noticed at some point... Hell, Steve, did you enjoy any of the sex we were having for the last three years?!”
Tony wanted to tell him it was illegal for Steve to do any of that, but his brain turned into mush. When Steve pulled back, Tony found himself only scenting him back. Then - as if it was the most natural thing - he kissed the Alpha, never letting go.
"Prove it that you aren't put off because I'm nice. Go out with me."
And he seemed so seriously convinced about what he was saying too, that Tony had completely lost it. The air seemed to put a pressure on him that he couldn't breathe through, his chest hurting as if he was having a heart attack, and his vision was turning to almost as something resembling a Cubist painting instead of reality.
"Thousands of books on the topic are already in Friday's processes. I only need to throw some culture at her in a form of reality shows where people sometimes passionately attack each other, but live, and maybe implement a baby-sitter function for the non-lethal attacks."
And it worked. Which meant he could get the Stone and collect Thor from his mom - as it turned out, which was good news, except how it only sent Thor spiraling further down.
And Quill’s usual routine of making friends quickly and easily didn’t quite work, because of his abysmal knowledge of the actual subjects in school (in other places that were the least important but here everyone thought he was stupid), and he identified Gamora as someone people listened to, so he tried to get in her good graces, right on his first day.
"I'm not that kind of a monster. Even when I used the Chitauri spell, I never let it roam free because... I know what it's like to be hurt, and I can't inflict that on anybody else."
But just when he thought Tony would be ignoring him again, he wasn’t.
"Ha, jokes on you, because I didn't buy one, so I can't."
But he didn't start elaborating on specific films, and Steve thought it was already surprising: Bucky not only sat in silence with Tony when he got his arm, but they talked. Even if only about Steve's subpar taste in movies - as Tony surely would put it.
“Because you’re crying, for one,” Steve told him, and Tony wouldn’t have believed him, but when he checked, it was true. “And because I was a small, helpless kid once - before my first rut. When my dad died, it was just me and my mom without an Alpha provider. And while she always protected me no matter what, I’ve seen her scars. And I still remember the look in her eyes when she told me she was just tired but otherwise completely okay, not unlike you, Tony.”
"Five? One day I'm gonna have to get back on you for this," Tony said. But when Loki fell silent, waiting for that, he added. "Not today though, when you're incapacitated and still haven't told me shit. So go ahead. And talk."
"You'll pay for this."
"I'm truly sorry Steve, but there was no other way. If there's anything in the future I can do to help you, I'll-"
"That's what I've been trying to tell you!" Stark explained in Stephen's body. It was surreal, to say at least. "That I'm not myself! Whoever this is..."
"Yeah?"
"Yes, exactly!" Thor seemed only ever so happy that Steve got it.
"I'm on some weird alien planet and just been told that not only I missed years of my life, but I also lost my body in the process, while I got locked up for something you did," Bruce told him. "So whatever you say or do, there's no way I'll help you. You'd only double-cross me. At least this way you'll be forced to change us back."
"Um, do I need to beat up someone for you, Tony?" Rhodey asked. "I have SuperKick abilities now also, you know."
"You... remember?"
After all, he picked up on Loki's way of talking in less than 10 minutes, laying a trap for Loki just as Loki would have done himself. Loki couldn't help but appreciate the Captain a little bit better after that, so he wasn't as irritated as he would have been if he had to beg for Thor's help, for instance.
"Not right away, maybe, but I've heard about you. You're the kind who likes to toy with your victims first," Bucky told him, and Loki was genuinely amused. Steve had worked with him far longer, and he never assessed Loki so well.
"Yeah, Cap, but thank you for thinking if someone was emotionally scarred, it could be only me," Tony noted. "Especially given the track record of your boyfriend. Wow."
you a lot more if you didn't make fun of me for it."
But Steve stayed - holding Tony in a tight hug through the whole thing. And that was all. He only left when he got Tony some food, yet he didn’t touch Tony even once in a suggestive way. Tony didn’t know about any Alpha who could stay in the same room with an Omega in Heat - even on suppressants. It was a recipe for disaster.
"What the hell do you think you're doing out of bed?" and he didn't seem happy, so Loki automatically could only manically grin, falling to his default mightier than thou attitude he ever so often used.
"Nat, I'm-"
"You could live a normal life then," Loki surmised.
"It's not really working though," Loki noted, about to leave.
"Exactly," Phil can't help but smile back this time. "It's hard to tell the difference without any routine, but you can always post more, as I've already said."
. And I'd hate to see him ruin what you have, just because he thinks the 'secret' is to have Bucky, and not commitment or - God forbid - making an effort to have an honest relationship."
"I get it. No locking you up in behind some glass."
"After all, you already have me naked in your bed..."
"Okay, as far as I can tell, there is nothing wrong with her software, but I'll directly check the security logs too," Tony said. "Until then, try not to die for real, because I'll turn off the alert."
"That's why you're going to have a real undercover job. Should you want to really do this," Fury stands to explain. "We're criminally understaffed since it's only me and the boys, so you could be the new addition to our team."
Also, he implemented a new phone that was capable to connect to the internet, hoping Omegas could remain anonymous with Tony’s tech easily in the future with it maybe, and form a community like they weren’t allowed to have in real life.
"I... I have issues, but also the tendency to make inappropriate jokes. Do you honestly think I could have kept my mouth shut about any of this if I had known?" Tony tried to appeal to Rhodey stating that he wasn't as bad as Rhodey thought he was by saying he was fucked up, but in a different way.
And none of them were Alphas. So it wasn't an exaggeration that when Tony was servicing him, it was the best sex of his life.
"What would you want instead?" Loki asked, and he realized that was overreach given the disbelief on the doctor's face.
"I mean, Stark didn't see the future because he had to find his own path to defeat Thanos, maybe," Wong explained. "Or, he couldn't because something's been happening to you, something major in your life that you shouldn't see before it happens, and when he took over your body, the restrictions stayed the same."
"Is it?"
Oh no, it couldn’t…
But then Bruce showed up, being both Banner and the Hulk, and while Valkyrie invited him for a meal, he explained.
"We need to talk," Steve appeared then, as promised, so Loki could only go with it.
"Quite frequently, except you don't stop to ask that," Tony admitted, which only earned him another kiss, to then he had to reach out for Rhodey next because he didn't want it to end.
"That's why I started deleting my memories a while ago. I have another joke for you," Vision smiled. "Knock, knock."
"I might as well be delusional," Stark commented. "Or did I miss a memo on bringing your kid to work day?"
"Because I'm supposed to get into this thing and jump around or something?"
And she was right, and Yondu let Quill borrow his best suit, even if he didn't have a tux, and they were on the way to the limo when Quill stopped her.
Maybe because the whole "Tiny" experience was still so vividly fresh in Thor's mind, but the first thing that came to him was that Bruce would calm if Thor would hug him. And it was helpful because it surprised Bruce just enough so his breathing returned to normal.
"I think we should all calm the fuck down and go to sleep," Bucky came between Tony and Steve, telling Tony in a way Steve hadn't heard him talk since Hydra.
He had to go through it to understand. Once you suffered so much for a tiny little bundle that was at least partially just you, of course you'd find it profound. And even though Loki wasn't an expectant mother to think gleefully of a child, when it was finally born, he thought he understood why Odin took him in.
Thanks to Odin and Thor, that ship had almost sailed already, but then Loki tried to destroy a couple of planets here and there, and now that was the news.
Then, when a threat surfaced and Loki was on the field, Tony would open a channel between them, and let Loki take all the magic he'd need for the next fight.
But he passed out. And when he woke up, he wasn’t only in a Nest that was made from real pillows and blankets (unlike his creation of metal), but the Alpha was in it with him, and his Heat and scent penetrated everything.
Maybe it was how close Bucky stood to him when he was curious that made him less alert, maybe it was the competition he had in his mind with Howard now, trying to impress Bucky more than his father could, but he didn't.
"The imminent one is him," Loki finished the sentence for him. But he was also getting desperate. He began to have doubts that he'd ever manage this. And he didn't especially like his body, but his magic was always there, and losing it would mean that 1, he would be helpless like he was now, and 2, he'd lose a part of himself like a missing limb.
"My workshop, what else. Teaching you about technology. And also, it's five floors up, so it's quite high..."
"Have a nice lunch."
So he takes good care of avoiding Steve, even more, going as far as only emailing him the research on the topic he promised to help him with, not doing it in person, and in turn, Steve still smiles at him a lot but doesn't talk to Coulson unnecessarily or alone, and that helps.
"Climb the tree under his window, or scale the fence or something. I'm sure you can figure it out."
“Apologize?”
"You don't look like you're having a severe allergic reaction, a stroke, nor a heart-attack,
"Or just direct him on your way," Loki offered. "You know I can find you better than any human technology. Especially now that I had my magic in your mind. Even if faint, there's a residue I can track."
But the truth was, he still didn't care about any other mortal, not in the slightest.
"There, did I pass the exam, Professor?" Tony said, but then, the wizard standing next to Strange was staring at him with a bewildered expression, and Stephen was... laughing. Like a madman, in Tony's body.
Thor laid down on the string, but that Hulk lifted him up from it.
"Always so... damn bossy," Tony told him with a found expression. "But it's okay, Steve, really. It's better than... my vision. Just take care and know... you were always... my Alpha."
"I disagree," Bruce Banner was wrong, but not even listening.
He feared if he would slow down, he'd changed his mind, and then Thanos would kill him for his failure, hunting him down no matter where he hid in the universe.
Like it mattered.
"Wait, so you're saying Tony can't leave, but we could?" Steve asked, and Friday answered him the same, ignoring Tony's previous command.
So one day when he knew Tony was up, still working into dawn in his lair, and Bucky was not awake yet, Steve took a coffee, and decided on a visit.
"Got it," Quill started to realize Rocket was serious. And that this was probably the last time they'd ever talk.
"You could always train me," Tony offered with a shrug. "I get the feeling that this miracle space-drug also made me stronger, so we could test that..."
Once they got the Stones, there was the question of who should use them, and it came down to Banner and him.
"Stop mocking me, Quill," Rocket just warned him in a low voice.
"I wanted to be normal, I really did. But by the time I enlisted, do you know how many 'favors' I had given and received from men?" Bucky gestured into the air, then lowered his voice, taking a deep breath. "I never told you because I didn't want you to see me as any different."
"I'm with Rocket," Groot agreed.
"Tell that to all the people I had tricked in the past," Loki felt somewhat underestimated now, no matter how Bruce was right and he was trying to lie.
"So I shouldn't be a complete jerk, just sometimes, maybe, the right amount?"
"I do get paid something, right? Even if it's not the salary of the year, I imagine..." he asked Steve one day when they were watching
“I’d advise against that-“
Steve hated it, but he did every test and poking and "resting" routine she asked, while Tony was yet to wake up, even once.
"It's impossible. He doesn't have a Sling Ring. Not even the Sorcerer Supreme can just teleport without one..." the second magician seemed as if in some kind of a shock.
But, as it turned out, you could install dating apps on your phone, and with the help of Friday and the internet, set up dates that were purely physical without any promises, and Bucky was not only curious to try but felt like he'd go crazy if he didn't.
"Changing my looks so people won't recognize me on the street?"
"I would. You can tell me how it would all go. Over dinner, perhaps?"
However, just to prove her wrong, he kept a record of when he spent time with Pepper and Rhodey, and how he was doing emotionally and even at work, in the attempt to prove that social interaction didn't affect Tony as any other human being - only, it did.
Loki may have thought he wanted recognition, but even if he still felt that way, he'd be conquering only one planet in Thanos' name, with an army that wasn't even his. And maybe he'd have some power on Midgard, but he didn't care about mortals, and it's not like he wanted to stay on a planet that was so crude and primitive.
"Yes, there is a suit, and I'm flying it. It's Tony's creation, actually, and... it's called War Machine."
“You gotta give me some more details, or my mind will wander to all to the possible very extreme and spicy options I’m almost certain you never even considered...”
So much so that he might have flushed his body even closer to Steve’s.
“It’s funny you should say that, I think I could have used it when Thanos beat me up.”
"You hardly look a day older than 7000 to me, darling," Strange told him, correctly guessing that the number was high enough to be an insult, even in Asgardian terms.
This way though? Well, it's not like he wasn't watched 24/7, and he was free to do as he pleased, but he'd take what he could get.
"That's not what I've just said," Steve told him.
Yet, Steve did it. Even smiled at Tony when he was coming out of it.
"I said I'm not."
If it was anybody else teasing him like this, or making jokes on Loki's expanse, he wouldn't have appreciated it. But Tony was different because Tony could be teasing the hell out of him one second, just to be there for him the next, so... Loki kinda loved it.
Tony certainly tried to tell Cap that his humor needed some work still for this century if he ever had any and that he was only speaking so much because someone had to fill in for Barnes as well, but he wasn't legible.
"Me?!" Quill almost laughed. "That's just... ridiculous. You can't possibly think-"
"You're saying all I want is love."
"It's all part of a bigger plan," Stephen repeated himself. "I've checked all the possible futures, and Earth was destroyed in them all. So I did a spell..."
"So it's a strong no."
it meant anything since I was so drunk I could barely think straight, but it won't change the fact that I involved both of you in my drama when I only meant to royally self-destruct. You know, as I usually do. So I was hoping maybe we could all put it behind us, what do you say?"
But then, the Grandmaster took Loki to the Arena, and he almost died before the Hulk came out, and then...
"Rogers. I figure my best course of action is to try to keep away from him, so that's what I've been doing..."
You'd think Stark could get a lift to anywhere anytime, but with Miss Potts chasing (now Strange) around with paperwork, and his driver refusing to drive him without a talk he insisted they should be having, getting back to the Sanctum wasn't easy.
“I could have picked up on that or told you to stop if I didn’t think...”
“So, we can go back now, right?”
"So, we're planning on going on dates, all three of us?"
When Vision regained consciousness and saw Rocket first, he was afraid his plan didn't work, but when he also saw Wanda and the little Nebula by his bedside, he felt like weights were lifted off his cognitive pathways.
"If you mean that, come back tomorrow night," Steve didn't want to a serious conversation now, fearing that they will just end up fighting again, but he wasn’t just going fuck Tony on a spur of moment decision without discussing it first. He didn’t think Tony would even remember the next day that he was supposed to show, much less go with it.
"What's
"Also, maybe as the social media manager you should stick around and make sure the pictures of each player are tolerable at least..."
"So glad that maybe I can trust you wouldn't try to kill me the next time we meet?" Bruce asked with a smile.
Once Tony attacked Bucky, Steve had no illusion how they'll probably never talk again. But if Steve knew he couldn't win if he used brute force, he always had a way to figure a way around it. And fighting Tony twice in one day was no way a victory even if Steve could somehow overpower him, and that was a big if.
"Are you really?" the Captain questioned with a tone that left no doubt that he saw through Loki's usual tricks easily. Maybe he was something else and not just on the battlefield.
“Tony...” Steve could only sigh. At least Tony seemed to be back to himself, even if maybe a little too much.
"What about them?" Steve had to play catch up.
"Don't think it means anyt-" Loki started to say but was promptly shut up when Steve kissed him. And, since Loki was still not wearing any of his newfound clothes, he was about to undress the Captain as well but was stopped.
Tony felt humiliated because Jarvis - as his name indicated - was just something like the memory he had of the real-life Jarvis, meant as a tool to tell him he wasn’t as broken, useless, and disgusting as Obi would always tell him he was, not meant to be “his boyfriend” in any sense. But he couldn’t even correct that assumption because then Obi would destroy Jarvis even for that, he knew.
"If you dare to die on me now, Thor, after you stole my job, I don't know what I'm going to do."
"Traitor," Tony dramatically gasped, but Steve knew he was covering up content. "So sorry, Cap, but if that was all, then you should leave."
“The law says otherwise. Especially if you’re my destined.”
And he was also very silent on the way, but when Steve started to feel truly miserable about it, Tony just took his hand.
"So you think I should do it?"
"It's all just a pretense though," Steve admitted. "I'm on the very edge of almost breaking down in every given moment, every single day. I ignore the pain and dealing with it, still hoping that one day I'll find the strength to sort it out, but things only seem to get worse than better, and truth to be told, I don't wish the same torment on anyone else, even if technically they'd live."
Thank you all for reading! XOXO
But how to get a romantic partner, even if you acknowledge the fact that there's a small chance that you might need one. That was the real problem, not the revelation itself.
"You don't have to decide now, either," Thor gave him an easy way out. "But the gang isn't going anywhere without Quill picking up some new music and some movies first, and Rocket and Drax getting drunk, so I'll expect I'd only have to leave days later unless you tell me that maybe I shouldn't."
"Crying might be also just part of her grand plan, you know."
“I’m sorry,” Steve felt like an absolute failure. Captain America wasn’t supposed to be judgmental, yet he was in the worst possible way. Even after he fell in love with Tony, in a way, he never gave him the benefit of the doubt, assuming he knew what was going on in Tony’s head, just as Tony assumed he knew Steve's status.
And while being a draugr, Bucky possibly could be invincible, he clearly wasn't sucking humans dry every single night for power, and his dead flesh was extremely flammable when his magic ran low - like then.
He expected a lot of things, but not Tony staring at him for a while, contemplating, then... throwing his head back to laugh.
"I think you owe me an explanation. How could you do this behind my back? How dare you?" he demanded from Loki when Loki first regained consciousness, barely able to breathe, not able to talk, but he tried anyway.
"Let me stop you right there," Loki quickly said before Strange could get any more ideas. Clearly, it wasn't working.
But now Betas and Omegas had a chance to pretend they were Alphas too if they were willing to spend decent fortunes in all the new meds and techniques that could hide their true nature - and could handle themselves as an Alpha would.
"You think I am?"
"Um, I'm part of machine now," Tony gestured at his chest. "Just don't make grandma jokes with me, 'kay? Sometimes even young people get pacemakers..."
And even when he did, and Wong opened the door, he only said: "We aren't buying anything," and closed it on Stephen's face.
"I do, but it's also not about that."
Loki wanted to burn the whole world down. He spent his entire life living a lie. Not understanding why but instinctively feeling that he was never given the same chances as Thor. Never mind the same love.
He would change his appearance to a female one, that way nobody should suspect anything, and get another doctor.
"I'm sorry, but who are you?" to Rhodey's credit, he tried his best to send Tony away.
"SHIELD is full of people like that."
"Don't bullshit me, Rogers, did you know?!"
"I'd go, but... Are you sure you want me there?" Taking the precious time that Steve could spend with just his mom. "Maybe you should just be with her..."
And Quill got his worst beating then because he was “after Gamora again”.
"I know your type."
It didn't feel like it, but Steve smiled at her still, and she smiled back. And if nothing else, Nat succeeded in making him feel less crappy if only for a minute, because she reminded him that even in what it felt like the end of the world, he still had friends - like her.
"But I need to transform myself to a lesser being, so more of my magic could go into healing my injuries."
"Out of the threats I'm facing-"
"They drink milk. No fault of tiny kitten if Angry Girl don't know," Hulk's enormous hands very surprisingly gentle when he raised Thor and gave him a small pet on his head.
"Just don't ask him to tell you any jokes," Rocket warned her about the very real danger. "Because then he'll never get tired of trying to get one right, and if not even the pregnancy hormones could change how lame he was, I doubt coming back from the dead he'd be any different..."
"I'm not... forget it. You'll never see me again," Rhodey wasn't even about to argue, and left.
we get to that part," Bucky gave Steve a look, who seemed ready to make a comment that certainly wasn't kid-friendly nor worthy of Captain America, while Tony was only fake-grinning at them, taunting him. "Can I assume Friday fried your phone and watch, so we won't see daylight or food anytime soon?"
"Listen to him," Nat didn't question Loki, and Stark flew up to them and dragged Steve away.
"And what if you're right? Let's say Friday isn't salvageable, but I cook up a new machine learning gig, and it spits out me and your buddy are more compatible than you're with him or all together?"
"Jesus, boss, let me take you to your room," now it was Happy who let go of Pepper's hand, and instead, got hold of Tony. "This is a new low, even for you."
"I didn't even notice when I was there," Phil tells her. "I know what you're saying is true when I see them around, but on the court, it's not about that."
"It's just only polite!" Quill said. Not to mention, he wanted Gamora as a friend then. "In my previous schools, and believe me, I had many, I'd always had a girlfriend..."
"No comment on my inadequacy this time?"
"Like you care," Rhodey just huffed.
"I've told you I'm just a solid 7 tops, not how people see me at all," the Captain says. "And as someone who'd read all of the articles you've ever written, I'd say you're easily a 9, Phil."
"Even when she worked properly, Friday couldn't have told you that. She's not omniscient, and there are too many variants to predict the future, especially considering how volatile human behavior can be."
"I'm not as you think, at least," Steve got on the top of him and wasn't letting him go. "I'm only attracted to people who are important to me and not the different packages they come in."
Just as Barton said, being a natural leader of his people not just because of his powers and military background but because he was good at reading people. But, unlike Loki, who could occasionally do the same, this came from the fact that the good Captain cared - even for disgraced ex-villains, it seemed.
"How?" Strange smiled. "Maybe a machine handling your most delicate parts isn't a good idea, no matter how you could probably program a routine for yourself overnight..."
"If you think going against my will was a kindness-"
"And I'm sorry, Tony," Rhodey looked at him. "But I'm not sure I can an apology like that's just years late. I just..."
"Just because I said I was badly allergic?"
Thor stared at him as if he just grew another head, "You just indicated..."
"Banner!" Thor immediately turned back. "You're on an alien planet, but I need you to come with me, to Asgard. There's a fight to be fought."
It was a bit overwhelming at once, but Tony must have kept these things in for a while now, so the least Steve could do was to humor him and learn how to use a new phone.
"Yes you are," Steve told him firmly. "If you aren't comfortable with who you are now, you can still become the Thor you were once before, but you can't give up."
"I sure hope not. I got pregnant from a guy once by accident, even before I knew his name, and although the kid turned out seemingly okay, I can't help but think it was rushed. In my culture, I'm considered almost too young for it with my humble couple of thousands of years..."
"Stay out of this, kid."
He wanted to teleport behind the other two, but his control sucked, so he ended up next to them, but they didn't know that, right?
Even as a Doctor, Strange had the intelligence that would permit him to assess certain situations and people, and see how it all would play out in the end.
By that time, people were wearing filters in their noses. There was not only a limitless range of safe contraceptives for Omegas, but the same was available for Betas and (perhaps most shocking) but also for Alphas.
"And if it's you, I like when you are," Steve confessed, earning only a kiss as a response.
"I'm telling you right now," the last thing they needed was an argument about the semantics. "So I'm curious then... if you still have some time left and we both want this..."
Asking for Steve's help so nicely that Steve had no way to refuse (grabbing Steve on his way to the gym saying "this is all your fault, now help me fix it before Pep lectures me for disappearing for too long", giving Steve a brush but no clue as to what he was talking about before it was too late to back out).
"I wanted to ask her to run 3 calculations based on all the knowledge she had that your new companion doesn't," Steve felt his jaw tighten, so thinking better of it, he tried to soften his voice just as much as the muscles in his shoulders and neck. "Maybe you could still ask her after I leave, and see for yourself."
"I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not that amusing," Barnes told him next. "Why do you think I live in the middle of nowhere, alone?"
"Don't," and although Stark maybe hasn't even noticed, his whole posture shrunk on himself, and now his mood took a turn.
"You know,
"You didn't bring Steve with you."
"Speaking of impending disasters," Tony said. "I'll give you my phone number if you, in turn, take out Pepper to dinner."
"Well, then, how about this," Bruce just walked up to him and hit Loki. Unfortunately, he didn't quite know how to throw a punch, and his hand seemed to be hurting more than Loki's face that got the most of the blow.
"Yeah. Although I'd prefer it if my boys wouldn't know why you're here - at first. They can be insufferably competitive, and I'd rather not break up any fights."
"Exactly!" someone just laughed, and then a tiny girl appeared. "When I have it."
"Your worst fear was losing your magic," Loki kindly reminded him.
"I wasn't... I'm not... you're my best friend!"
"Is that what you truly think?" Tony simply asked, avoiding eye-contact by picking up random stuff that was lying on his table, then discarding it.
Managed to locate Clint with Rhodey, and talk him down, bringing him back to Nat.
"Of course," Strange sat on the bed. "It's no coincidence that we've ended up on the same ship, and your slip up about her being yours too - I think she made sure it happened that way."
"That's what the Doc said as well, but I don't get it."
"No! Chase the mouse, Tiny!"
"Right, I figured. But everyone who knows me knows, and it's not like I want to hide it. I just don't want anyone to treat me any different because of it, so I'm not sure."
"Yes, it is."
, and nobody else has the faintest idea," Tony smirked at him.
And then there was a huge fight that was quite frankly way too exhausting for a local Midgardian threat, but when Loki wanted to leave, Steve came up to him, and not only kissed him when it was over, but straight on dragged him to his bed next, and it's not like Loki had ever had any problems with that part if the Captain was offering.
His magic was, arguably, given that it was just a couple of days, the best progress Loki has ever witnessed, although he didn't know that many magicians.
"Take her if you like her so much. Like I care!"
Rogers does something that Phil can't place: he blushes. It's unlike the rest of the players who are fully aware of the attention they get and even revel in that, and Coulson wonders about that, but Rogers pushes on.
"Or so you keep telling everyone, but I don't think for a minute they don't know very well what happened."
"Am I?" but Thor was both having fun at Tony's expanse as well as teasing Steve. Who was, despite his best efforts, grinning back.
He began to regret ever moving into the goddamn Tower, and not just moving far-far away when Steve had found him. Even never seeing Steve again would have been preferable to this. Anything but this.
Loki couldn't do anything. He wished he could Hulk out, but even if he did, and would have unimaginable strength for a mortal, he had no way to control that strength.
"The players? Maybe even do an exclusive edition on them? It's not like you're wasting paper since it's all digital, and I'm sure a lot of girls and even some guys would love to read it. And I imagine our baking sales to raise funds for the team would go a lot smoother," Fury suggests. "It's a win-win."
On the 16th day, Tony regained consciousness and passed out promptly. On the 17th, he didn't move. On the 18th night, when Steve fell asleep in a chair next to his bed, he felt Tony's fingers in his hair.
Rhodey seemed to be convinced because he soon exited the suit, but he still eyed it as Tony's robots came to take it apart, for now, so they could be put back into the machine that handled the paint. (Or in this case, artificial sanding so it won't have a color but the dark grey of the metal matching more Rhodey's style than the current paint-job.)
"Hulk, Hulk, I have to leave, but you can come with me," Thor insisted. "I need your help. I need all the help I can get."
"Just a question to you maybe, but now it's happening for real. And I didn't get to finish my answer the last time."
“Aaand, now you’re only saying that because you know I can’t complain if you say something like that,” Tony told him, but then he also kissed Steve on the cheek.
"I literary just got back," Steve got the sudden urge to defend Tony's honor by challenging the not so kind title, even if it Tony who labeled himself with it. "And I thought you'll do it, though, given that I was gone for
"That's what you keep telling your friends. And maybe yourself too. But that isn't true, is it?" It required a certain cruel treacherous mind to pick on a person whose only fault seemed to be that he was attracted to Loki (as his ever-deepening blush only proved), but still too tempting. "Maybe somewhere deep down, you're bored of being the picture-perfect hero, parenting everyone around you, and you want some darkness in your life, and who better than a villain who can't even leave, even if you turn out to be abysmal, am I right?"
"No you didn't," Barnes didn't believe him, of course.
That's what Steve wanted to say. Reassure Tony that he wanted that relationship just as much as Tony, although, after the last 3 days, he didn't know yet in what form or shape could they manage it the best.
But he had surprising magical capacity as it turned out. More power than Odin or even Thanos had ever given him credit for - but maybe that was a strategy. Only, Loki believed them.
"While you're still not funny, I've decided," Rocket declared. "I should do it, my lifespan is short anyway..."
"I know I started it. But I also don't want to ruin what we have," he said.
Tony was born with a soul-mark for "death" and "merchant", so Howard had that removed when Tony was just a kid.
"You've lost the most important person in your life, yet you got up every damn morning and did what you could considering the circumstances, for years now," Nat gave him a stern look. "No matter what you think, if you could help others to do the same, it'd be a start. A start not everyone has right now, mind you."
“That could be a problem,” Tony told him, but then added with a lazy smile. “Because I want to keep your art, and at the moment it’s not going anywhere without a sledgehammer. Maybe you could move to my room?”
"Wait, did she say
"Prove it."
"What is going on here?"
First, Strange did say the fate of the world depended on this spell, and that it couldn't be undone, and that wasn't exactly comforting news. Second, Tony did throw out the magician's clothing the minute he got home, but it's not like he could do with the Doctor's body. With magic.
"I was going say I still have the biggest crush on you ever, so it quite interferes, but I'm sure that's usual between masters and disciplines of magic, right?"
"Is that the beginning of a very long apology?" Strange asked, examining the ceiling with great care, not even looking at him.
"Let me check," Strange quickly focused on the Stone and the spell to suddenly conjure... nothing. Nothing at all. Not a thousand possible futures, or even one.
"No, of course not," Rocket answered this as well, while Groot only smiled, and when Rocket wasn't looking, he just gave Quill a silent nod while grinning, making Quill almost laugh as well. "We've just basically known each other since we were 4, and Groot was always shy."
The only thing he doesn't like about his new hobby is how he'll revert from his usual self to a high school student with a very shallow and embarrassing crush whenever Rogers is around, so he tries his best to avoid the captain as much as he can, and concentrate on the job Fury had given to him.
After all, even if he had to stay on Midgard, and the Avengers were his jailers, it was such a primitive planet with petty little people that it wasn't a bad thing.
"You know, you could join us every other night, we have a movie and something to snack always. I'm sure you'd have plenty of suggestions as well."
Loki couldn't help but chuckle - even though that came to an abrupt halt when he couldn't breathe for a minute after doing that from the pain.
"I swore to protect Midgard, and I knew what it meant when I took the job," Thor quickly told him.
“I’m not gonna stay at home, Tony...”
"I know what your problem is," Stark's faceplate closed while he did the same. "You're
"No matter the horrible things he did, I still cannot help but love him. And you know what, I've heard that he disappeared at the end of the fight, and I'd like to think it was because he realized he was wrong, and not just because he saw we were winning."
But then Stark kissed him, and with such a fervor too, that didn't seem fake.
“STAY,” Steve directly ordered, and basically ran out of the room. Got back with the medication, gave it to the whimpering Tony. Making Tony’s Heat-filled mind think he was going to leave him as Obi - locked up.
"Isn't he though? Maybe you can be only Bruce Banner the most charming, sweet, and clever guy because you have someone else to blame when you aren't."
"I thought you liked if someone did cheat," Loki reminded him, but he kept an eye on the witch, trying to figure what she was scheming because he was almost positive their rivalry didn't end there. But why did she tell the Grandmaster about the nature of the spell?
"In that case out with it, Rogers," Loki jokingly kissed him, letting go of the magic, paying full attention to what they were doing then.
"You. Are. My. Best. Friend," Bucky tried to get the point across. "I can't do this with you."
"Just tell us a little about yourself," he orders Steve, trying to direct his attention elsewhere.
"Maybe they weren't really smart."
“Omegas supposed to be small,” Steve told him.
"That's not me. It's-"
The Grandmaster was gone, courtesy of the Hulk, and now all the planet was in a strange state of upheaval, but Bruce thought he could use the Quinjet to try to get back to Midgard, and Loki was kind of supposed to enjoy Chaos, and use it.
“Wait you mean like we wouldn’t know either? Until when?”
"I can use voice command with my AI, and have the machines assemble most of what I want," Tony tried, but it was true. He didn't consider how it could be a problem.
But they aren't so close as Coulson is, and he's never been wrong about things like this before, and he has his reasons, even if the others around don't seem to care about them.
"I've followed enough commands for a lifetime," Barnes' eyes flashed at him with some anger. "So if you want to kill me, do it. Otherwise, stop wasting my time and leave."
"What a strange question, Captain." At least even Thor noticed that, giving the Captain a look that made Steve red.
And Thor, the perfect golden brother, who was still trying to save him, what did he do? Loki was jealous of him for almost a millennium, but wasn't Thor just the product of Odin pulling his strings from the background, just as he did with Loki for so long?
"Not my words," Phil says, and it's true. His description would probably be worse in the sense that it would be even more over the top. "And if people think you're not genuine, while all the guys are jealous because they can never live up to the standards you dictate, now that can be a problem."
"Fall asleep or see anything? Well, neither. But I didn't see myself."
"You mean when he annoys me to such an extent nobody else is or bores me to death?" Tony argued. "Friday, please tell me I didn't have anything to do with Brangelina splitting up, 'cause I'm starting to get worried."
If Loki took just a longer look into Bucky's head, he should have figured that the triggers were still there, but he didn't even try. He didn't ask Barnes about it either, enjoying their arrangement too much.
"Puny God stay away from Tiny, or die!" Hulk not only shielded Thor from Loki but was also basically yelled at Loki who seemed so intimidated Thor could have laughed.
