It still hurt seeing Cas like that, lifeless and laid out a table. He knew that Cas was alive, right there with them, but it was painful nonetheless. Dean reached out instinctively, just enough that he would be able to brush his arm against Castiel’s, just to ensure she was still there. His arm hit air. After a brief moment of irrational panic he realized that she was still standing beside him, just that she was standing as if to put space between them. If Sam noticed he didn’t say anything.
“Yep, good to go.” Dean replied, loading a plate with food and grabbing a cup of coffee. Cas raised an eyebrow.
“Someone needs to stay here in case Rowena shows up.” Sam replied evenly, ignoring Dean’s evident distress. Dean stared at his brother open-mouthed then flipped his gaze over to an impassive Castiel. He looked back and forth a few times, shook his head and trudged off to his room to go pack.
Reluctantly Sam helped his brother carry the lifeless body of the angel into Cas’s room. They laid him on his bed. Dean sat down on the edge and didn’t move.
Sam seemed to have accepted the new situation pretty fast which made Dean feel worse that he was being weird about it. At first he worried that he wasn’t being accepting enough, but that wasn’t it (which made him feel a bit better about himself). It was just that he was so used to seeing Cas a certain way, and it was like every time he turned a corner there he was – there she was – just being Cas. She
“It was about me?” He whispered.
“You’re not coming?!” He was aware that his voice had reached a higher octave as their conversation continued, but for the life of him he couldn’t make it stop. The whole situation was just so utterly ridiculous and he was searching for a rational reason as to why it wasn’t a good idea, but he had yet to find one and that made it all so much worse.
So Cas was back. Things were going back to normal. Dean was fine, happy even. Except he couldn’t shake the constant weirdness of the situation.
“Oh. Yes I can see how that would be an issue.” The angel took the badge from Dean and scrutinized the picture, “I suppose we should have thought about that. I can’t very well continue to use Jimmy’s identification while I am in this vessel. I probably should not have driven after all as his is the only driver’s licence I have.”
Dean went back into Cas’s room. Sam was sitting by Cas’s body, but Cas herself was nowhere to be seen (yeah, that was weird).
“I am perfectly capable of hunting in this vessel Dean. It will not be an issue.”
“Murphy Jones, the first guy to get killed was the head of a committee that was planning on closing the school and moving the students to the one a few towns away. Alice White was the real estate agent responsible for selling property to the township to turn into a landfill. As far as I can tell she’s doing exactly what Merritt wanted, making the town better.”
“You misunderstand me Dean,” Cas began, “I do not mind that this vessel is female. I have had female vessels before. As an angel I have no gender, but out of respect I prescribe to the one that the previous owner identified with. It is of no consequence to me. I simply wish to return to a body where I know I cannot ruin another life. One I am familiar with.” Dean looked confused.
It wasn’t as if Cas had never been kissed, it wasn’t as if people out there wouldn’t want to kiss him. Dean knew that Cas was attractive, objectively. It wasn’t hard to miss and he wasn’t blind. He may not be gay but he could still appreciate when someone was good looking. The point is that there were plenty of people out there who would want to kiss Cas. Why that was something Dean kept thinking he didn’t know.
“It was about you.” Dean whispered back.
They hadn’t learned anything when Cas has examined her (former) body so they decided the next step was to bring in the big guns. So it was his job to call Rowena. Which frankly made no sense to him since she clearly liked Sam better, but he was talking to Cas about something important or whatever. That meant that, for some reason, Dean had to call their ‘magical auntie’ (her words not his). He dialed her number. Straight to voicemail.
Castiel found herself at the door to the basement. It had been boarded up countless years ago, but she ripped through the false wall and all but yanked the door off its hinges. She tore down the ruined stairs with the immeasurable grace only an angel could exhibit when sprinting down crumbling wooden stairs into an impossibly dark basement.
When they got to their room Dean stopped in the doorway.
“Dean. I don’t sleep. I have no use for the bed.” Cas rolled her eyes.
“Oh, right.” Dean unglued his feet from the floor and stepped into the room. He could feel his face heating up. He wasn’t sure why he kept blushing. Dean Winchester did not blush, he wasn’t a teenage girl. He was a grown-ass man. Maybe he was coming down with something.
“I am unclear on that myself, but I know that when I tried to return I was unable. I found another suitable vessel, although I have grown accustomed to Jimmy’s body. If you do still have it I would appreciate returning to it and letting this woman’s body go. Despite the fact that she is no longer here it feels wrong for me to use it.” Castiel held out her hands and examined them curiously as she spoke, as if it were the first time she’d really thought to look at them properly.
“Thank you. I am rather fond of him. He is a good man.” She told the woman sincerely. Dean blushed. The woman chuckled again and headed off down the aisle.
“Well, she killed herself is what happened.” Susan replied.
wait until you’ve finished Dean.” She stared at him pointedly, her brown eyes piercing through him.
Dean was struggling to open the door with his hands full when Cas came up behind him and pulled it open.
“I said your name 3 times.” Castiel replied a scowl. “You apparently did not hear me. Hence the invasion of your personal space. What I was trying to say Dean, is that we are done. Considering as you are the one with the credit card it would make the most sense if you paid for the food.” Dean tore his eyes away from Cas and realized that they were at the cash register.
Dean wasn’t sure how to feel about the whole situation. He supposed it was natural for people to assume, they were buying groceries together after all, but what he didn’t know was why he hadn’t bothered to correct her. Cas clearly hadn’t picked up on the implications, besides it would have been rude right? He was caught up in his own thoughts and he didn’t notice that Castiel was trying to get his attention until she was standing right in front of his face.
“You let her what?!” Dean yelped, “Why’s she got to wear my clothes? Why not her own clothes, or yours for that matter? Why’d you have to let her snoop through my stuff?!”
It was definitely still weird. Cas was looking at him with eyes that were brown instead of blue. And she had boobs, which was at the top of Dean’s ‘things not to think about’ list.
“I don’t think this is going to work. I need new garments as soon as possible.” Castiel looked very sullen about the whole situation and gazed somewhat longingly at her usual vessel. “I miss my own clothes. I’ve never thought about it before, but I like them. I want them back.”
“Yeah, I’d be anxious to get out if I was stuck in a girl’s body too.”
“I’m not sure. We should go check out Merritt’s old house though. Maybe we’ll learn something there.”
had kissed Castiel. There was no denying it. That’s why he was avoiding her – him – Cas.
Dean didn’t know how long they had been kissing. It could have been hours and he wouldn’t have cared. Cas broke away slowly, arms still wrapped around Dean. Dean’s eyelids fluttered open. He took in the angel – his angel. Castiel was smiling shyly at him.
“Not super helpful, he’s gotta be dead. Any other family? Say why she did herself in?” Dean was still looking over Cas’s shoulder.
“I’m fine Sammy,” Dean cut his brother off, “Just tired. Late night.”
“Not much dear. Just a smidgen of grace, and you’ll have to lay down here.” She gestured to a sigil painted on the other long table that she and Sam had pulled beside the one holding Cas. Castiel nodded. She took out her angel blade, handed it to Rowena and lay down on the table. Dean watched silently, fear burning in his chest. What happened if this went wrong? He calmed himself down. Rowena knew what she was doing and Sam wouldn’t have tried anything that would actively put Cas in danger. Dean gazed at the angel on the tables. He noticed how small Cas looked now, laying beside herself.
And then he was sitting there in his car, kissing Cas.
“Dude!” Dean shouted indignantly, “What the hell did you do that for?!” Castiel surveyed the doorframe and the crumpled doorknob in his hand.
“Well, you’ve been through the records I’m sure. You know about Beatrice. George Green probably wanted to get out of the house where his wife killed herself. Too many painful memories.” Susan said.
“No, I am an angel. I just so happen to be in a vessel that identifies as a woman.” Castiel explained, expecting that to clear everything up.
Castiel for his part was incredibly angry at Dean’s behavior and more than a little confused. Dean had kissed him. That wasn’t something, in his experience, that most humans ignored. Cas understood that Dean was strange by human standards. That’s why he cared about him so much, but even Dean couldn’t ignore something like that forever. Not that he wouldn’t try. It was pointless to wait for Dean to come around. Castiel would have to deal with this himself.
Castiel made sure that the doctors forgot about the miraculous recovery of the coma patient. She didn’t want to upset the woman’s family so she waited until they came to let the woman pass on then she escaped the hospital in the night, wiping the memories of anyone who saw her. Castiel stole a car and drove to Kansas. She drove in the night and by the time she got to the bunker the sun was beginning to rise.
Dean had always handled Cas’s death poorly, but he was downright scary this time. Sam was worried that if they didn’t find something, anything, that Dean would just sink into a pit of despair and never climb back out.
“Hello darlings,” Rowena said with a wide smile. She seemed far too happy with the situation for Dean’s liking.
“If it was about my inhabiting Megan as my vessel, I understand that she was an attractive woman, but it was highly inappropriate for you to act upon that while I was using her body. Megan was not there. It was just me Dean, and I do not appreciate being used like that.”
“It makes sense Dean.” Sam said reasonably, but with a hint of mischief in his eyes, “You’ll just need to pretend to be newlyweds. It’s better than waiting for the next pair to show up. This way we don’t need to put anyone else in danger.”
Despite his better judgement Castiel nodded. He needed to get back to Dean, and Sam. He didn’t know what had happened to them after he had been ejected from his vessel. He needed to make sure they were alright. The woman smiled and Castiel felt her soul leaving. Castiel opened her eyes.
“I do not understand, have I done something to offend you? I hope you still consider me a friend Sam; I have always valued our friendship.” The woman looked genuinely concerned at the prospect.
“Alright. Well, tell Cas I say hi and let her know that Rowena’s here. Any idea how long you’ll be?”
“I get it Dean, I do. Just go easy on her until we figure stuff out, alright? Or at least until Rowena shows up? We’ll figure this out. We always do.”
“Beatrice Green? Are you listening?” No response. Cas continued undaunted, “I heard about your husband George. He sounds like a wonderful man. I must say his second wife was a far better choice for him than you ever were. She was much more beautiful from what I’ve seen. She probably made him so happy once you were gone.”
“Shit.” Dean cursed under his breath, “Find anything else?”
“Dean.” Said Cas, forcing Dean to look at her. “I have the address of the family. We should go as soon as you’re done eating.”
“So people say. Her husband did get married awful quick after she died so maybe he was cheating. I don’t know much about it.” Susan didn’t seem eager about the line of questioning. Dean let it go. That was all they really needed to know.
“Cas?” He said, his voice suddenly hoarse, “Cas, it’s really you isn’t it?” Castiel nodded.
“Well, that was a tad more powerful than I intended.” Rowena chirped delightedly.
“I wasn’t suggesting something quite so drastic.” Cas scowled at Dean, “Maybe just casually mentioning our ‘fake marriage’ and comment on the state of her dress. Although since you have blown our cover that seems less likely to work now.”
“Right,” Sam broke in, “And this way you and Cas can pose as a couple to get the attention of whatever’s been taking people. I’ve already booked a room.”
“Yeah, so much better. Nothing like murdering a bunch of people to make a place like this perfect.” Dean said, “Why now?”
The next day Cas and Dean packed up Baby and headed to Adams County Colorado. They drove in silence for most of the way; well silence except for the radio which Dean had cranked up to drown out his own thoughts. He kept sneaking glances at Cas, trying and failing to be discrete. Each time Cas caught him looking she raised an eyebrow and Dean promptly looked away. He thought about bringing up how weird the whole situation was, but Cas didn’t have a problem with it so why should he? In the end Dean settled for awkward silence and loud music.
Dean screamed. Beatrice had sunk her outstretched arms elbow deep into Dean’s chest. Castiel slid sideways and pointed the shotgun at the ghost and pulled the trigger. It was too late. She had disappeared, taking Dean with her.
“There’s nothing to talk about.” Dean said with a conviction he didn’t feel.
Sam let out a laugh that earned him a huffy look from Cas which just made him laugh harder.
Sam crouched next to Dean, trying to wake the angel. He jerked back as Castiel began to glow. Sam pulled his brother, who was oblivious to the fact that Cas was now getting dangerously bright, away from the angel just as the basement was punctuated by an unearthly scream. The brothers covered their ears in vain and bright white light exploded from Castiel.
“As much as I appreciate your diligence towards my current situation Dean I see no reason why we cannot go on this hunt ourselves. Rowena has yet to call back and as far as I’m concerned there’s not much else we can do without her assistance.”
“Dean?” Cas asked again.
Dean stared at her. She looked absolutely ridiculous.
Sam, Dean and Cas broke into the house after dark. It wasn’t in great shape and nobody appeared to have lived there for a long time. They got down to the basement and found, unlike the rest of the house, it wasn’t empty.
“Blackthorn trees aren’t native to North America and I highly doubt that 4 people in one tiny town all decided to go out of their way to plant blackthorns in their back yards only to hang themselves on them. Sounds like our kind of thing.”
“Hunters.” He spat, “You’re too late. I have already completed what my forefather set out to do. This town will never be brought low. It will never fail or falter; it will be held up as the pinnacle of virtue!”
Reappearing, the ghost shrieked. She raced towards Castiel with arms outstretched and murderous intent in her eyes. Dean threw himself in front of Cas again forcing her to take a step back and press her back against the wall. The angel grunted with annoyance, reloading the gun. She raised it to shoot, but Dean was still right in front of her.
“I do not understand.” He said. “What is it that you wish from me?”
“Rowena. She’s here.” Sam repeated, sounding concerned, “Are you alright? Did something happen?”
“Who the hell needs this many vegetables anyway?” He grumbled as Cas filled their cart with enough plants to feed a stegosaurus.
Cas had examined his body, and that was just about the weirdest thing Dean had seen in a long while. He had to fight the urge to stop this stranger from touching his best friend. Then he would remember that it was alright because it was just Cas, but it was still weird.
“We might have a slight problem.” They had gotten out of the car at that point and Castiel had stuck the keys back in Dean’s coat pocket (which Dean had made a point of
“Why you insist on treating me differently in this vessel is beyond me Dean. I am fully capable of dealing with a simple ghost regardless of what form I happen to be in at the time!” She continued.
Castiel felt a burning pain though his whole being. He couldn’t think. It felt like he was being compressed and siphoned away into nothing. He couldn’t feel his arms or legs anymore, he couldn’t see. What was going on? He felt something snap. He felt himself being ripped out of his body. He screamed. Suddenly, for the first time in years Castiel saw earth as he had once seen it eons ago; flying high above the ground. He couldn’t think straight. Something was wrong. He looked down and saw himself. No that wasn’t right, that was an empty husk. Why wasn’t he in his vessel? He tried to go back, but pain lanced through his entire being. He couldn’t get back into his body. He felt himself slipping away, his angelic form struggling to stay in the earthly plane.
“Then what was it about Dean?” He asked quietly.
“So?” Dean said, taking a sip of his coffee and peering over Sam’s shoulder at the screen.
The lights flickered and their breath steamed in the room despite the fire. Wind whipped through the windows that had blown open as the ghost appeared, blowing salt everywhere and breaking the carefully constructed lines. The flickering shape of a woman appeared in the centre of the room. Instinctively, Dean stepped in front of Cas, trying to shield her from the ghost’s view. Cas huffed in surprise and annoyance, stepping out from behind Dean to stand beside him. She raised her shotgun and fired at the ghost. The rock salt basted Beatrice out of existence for a moment.
“No, no everything’s fine. Cas and I, we’re fine. Case was fine, we’re done. We’re on our way home.” Dean said, his words coming out in broken fragments of sentences.
“Do you think we already killed her?” He asked.
Without thinking Dean closed the distance between them. Cas’s hand was still on his face and he pulled himself closer to her, placing a hand on the back of her neck. He tipped his head down and pressed his lips to hers.
“Are you sure?” Dean asked, “I mean, are you sure you’re up to going on a hunt right now?”
“Dean?”
“Not sure. I’ll let her know.”
“What’s gotten into you lately Dean? You’ve been weird ever since Cas got back.”
“Ok, see you in a bit.”
“What?!” Dean wheeled around to stare at his brother in disbelief.
“Dean.” She said in a surprisingly gruff voice, “There is no need for hostility. It’s me, Castiel.” At that, Dean looked like someone had slammed him in the stomach with a sledgehammer. He forget to breathe and his gun dipped involuntarily. Sam, on the other hand, narrowed his eyes and tightened his grip on his gun.
“Sure.” Susan led them to the door and closed it behind them.
“Now, I should warn you about one thing. Once the wards are stripped and the transfer is complete the body you’re in now may not survive. This spell requires a great amount of energy and this body may be irreparably damaged.” Cas nodded at Rowena’s words, accepting the possibility. Rowena slid the blade across Cas’s wrist and Dean watched as she drew a small amount of grace into a flask. The wound healed itself and he let out a breath. Rowena moved to the wooden bowl she had set between the two vessels and poured Castiel’s grace into it. She started chanting under her breath. Cas closed her eyes and Dean heard her whisper “Thank you Megan.”
“About what Cas?” Dean knew what, but he wasn’t going to let on. He was still pissed and rather shocked that Cas had decided to rip his fucking door off its hinges. Castiel’s eyes cut into Dean like daggers.
“I am not entirely sure. After I was ejected from my vessel I must have been drifting in my angelic form for a while, longer than I had originally thought. I was not aware it had been so long. I’m sorry for the delay. My powers are not what they should be and it took me longer to get here than I intended.” Castiel tilted her head slightly, “What happened with you two after Thirza attacked me?”
a girl now?” He asked incredulously.
“Thank you.” Cas stood and walked over to Rowena.
“Yes Dean,” Cas replied, already done with Dean’s odd behavior at this point. “This is a couple’s retreat. It makes sense that there is only one bed.” She pushed past Dean and set her bag on a table and pulled out her (Sam’s extra) laptop. When Dean didn’t move from the doorway she looked up at him expectantly.
“S’alright, I can eat on the way.” He said through a mouthful of bacon. He tore his eyes away from hers and stalked out of the house towards the car.
“Yeah, yeah. I know. I’m just tired of waiting for her to show up.” Dean muttered discontentedly, “We could still try the dress thing.” He conceded. Castiel considered for a moment.
“Oh right, they’re in my coat pocket, hang on-” But Cas had already reached into his pocket and fished the keys out. She started the engine and drove out of the driveway.
“Suicide? That could be something.” Dean looked over the top of his screen.
“Thank you.” Said the angel, glad that, for the most part, everything had been cleared up. “Shall we examine my former vessel now? I would like to understand why I cannot return to it.”
It was weird watching Cas drive his car, Dean thought. He didn’t mind it that much, but he kept picturing Cas driving as, well
“Hello Dean.” Cas said with a small smile. Dean pulled his hand off her arm quickly and felt his face heating up. He covered it by turning and pulling his jeans on from where they lay in a heap on the floor. He got dressed and went downstairs without looking back at Castiel.
Dean hardly heard her. He pulled himself to his feet and rushed towards the tables. He leaned over Cas. His eyes were closed but he was breathing. Dean grasped the angel’s arm in his hands and silently begged him to open his eyes. Eyelids flickered. Blue eyes stared up at Dean. Castiel sat up and examined his hands. Dean forced himself to take a step back.
“Uh, nothing, I left a voicemail.” Said Dean, “Wait, did you say she’s changing? Why? She never changes. Also do we even have women’s clothes here?” He looked way more confused about the whole thing than the situation warranted. Sam chuckled at the expression on Dean’s face.
“I heard they had four lovely children,” Cas continued, “Four more than you ever could have given him. They sold all of your things you know. Except for the dress. She got married in it after you died. Took it off your hanging corpse and down the aisle barely the next day. I bet – ”
“Hmm?”
“I cannot ask that of you. I promised myself that I would not ruin another life by stealing it away.” Castiel spoke roughly, but not unkindly. The woman didn’t know what she was agreeing to.
Dean pushed the cart after Castiel. They were going up and down the aisles and Dean wasn’t really paying attention. Cas had her hand on the front of the cart steering it while she checked the items off of Sam’s list. They turned a corner and Dean noticed an older woman struggling to grab a box of crackers off the top shelf. Her basket tilted as she reached and slowly her groceries started sliding towards the floor. Dean bolted forward and caught the eggs just before they smashed into the tiles, but the rest of the food tumbled to the ground. The sudden crash caught the woman’s attention. She turned to find Dean crouched in a pile of food with a mortified expression on his face.
“Can’t hurt. Besides what else is he doing.” Dean turned as the phone rang on the other end. He missed Sam’s exasperated eye roll.
been treating her differently since Williams. He hadn’t really noticed, but now that he thought about it… He started to remember all the little things: His hand brushing hers while they walked, locking eyes every time one of them entered the room, watching her as she spoke and just drinking in the fact that she was still there, throwing himself in front of her in the sitting room. It hadn’t seemed that strange, that different from how he usually was with Cas, but maybe…
“Toodle-oo boys! Until next time.” She climbed up the stairs and disappeared through the door.
“Yeah, I caught that.” Dean grumbled. “Any ideas?”
his fault though. It had only been a few days since she had switched vessels. He was allowed a few mistakes right?
“All it says is that she was survived by her husband.” Cas replied.
When the noise stopped both Winchesters had blood trickling out of their ears. Dean pushed out of Sam’s grasp and flung himself towards the form on the floor. Castiel wasn’t breathing.
Cas met them at the Circle S Motel outside of Williams. After going to the library and looking through old town records Sam found that the town had been founded in 1869 and had been a weirdly peaceful place until the hangings. The only notable incident in the town before them had been in 1911 when a 90 year old man broke his collar bone when a water tower collapsed. In fact the town seemed a little too perfect. It had complete water and sewage facilities long before any other towns in the county. It was even the first rural community west of the Mississippi to have dial phones. And interestingly enough a lot of the streets were named after trees.
“You know what Dean. I don’t want to play games with you. You kissed me. That is the sort of thing people talk about.” Dean flinched imperceptibly at those words:
“There’s only one bed.” He said, stating the obvious.
“Of course we’ll do that.” Sam said with an understanding smile and a significant glance at Dean, who still looked a little baffled.
And that is how Dean Winchester ended up shopping for clothes with an angel.
“Sam sent us some details about the case. We should look into the previous owners and see if there have been any deaths in the house of on the land. The disappearances have the most resemblance to a ghost as opposed to than any other creature I have encountered.” Cas looked at Dean for confirmation.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice came from the hallway outside Dean’s room, “Let me in.” Dean didn’t respond. He put his headphones on and ignored the angel outside his door. If he didn’t say anything Cas would go away, he always did when Dean was acting like this.
“No, Cas – That’s not – I just – It’s just going to take a bit of getting used to that’s all. It’s not your fault that I’m being weird.” His gaze flicked over her new vessel, studying it, before he realized what he was doing and looked away quickly.
“Sorry,” He muttered, “I tried to stop it, but…”
“No.” Dean breathed. His eyes were glued to Cas’s face and he was vaguely aware that his hands were trembling. The worry deepened on Castiel’s face. The angel opened his mouth to speak. Dean took that last step. Cas’s mouth was frozen open, words stuck in his throat.
Dean opened his eyes the next morning and was greeted with the sight of a small blond woman sitting on the side of his bed.
“You may as well come in.” She led them to the living room and they sat down on her couch. “Miss Green is actually my late wife, but I’ll try to answer what I can.”
“Why, of course dear.” Rowena crooned in a soothing voice, “It won’t be terribly difficult compared to some of the things you idiots have asked me for in the past. Sam and I have already whipped up a counter spell. He’s getting rather good at them you know.” She smiled at Sam who shrugged and gave her a small smile.
“I don’t think provoking her like this is working.” Cas stated.
When Dean got in the car Cas was waiting for him. He slid behind the wheel and was about to start the engine when she spoke.
“Nice try you shriveled bitch!” Dean shouted. Sam launched himself at the man behind Thirza and yanked the branch from his grasp. He pulled out a lighter and lit the branch just as Dean shot the guy in the chest. The ghost went up in flames and the man fell down dead, both screaming as they went.
The whole world went silent. Dean couldn’t hear anything except for his own heartbeat pounding in his ears. What had just happened? What was he thinking?! He wasn’t thinking. He couldn’t think. It was as if his thoughts had been replaced with radio static, white noise screaming in his head. Reality hit him like a train as Cas pulled his hand off her neck and silently left the car. Dean hadn’t realized he was still holding onto her. He watched as Castiel calmly walked into the convenience store that Dean hadn’t realized they parked beside. Apparently Dean hadn’t realized a few things.
“I don’t know.” Dean whispered. His voice, which had been so loud a moment ago seemed to have withdrawn into him. He could hardly make a sound. He was standing in his room, gun in hand, unable to tear his eyes away from the angel he’d been trying so desperately to avoid. He never could avoid Cas though, could he? As much as he tried he always found himself back at Cas’s side. It was like Cas exerted a magnetic field and Dean was never really able to escape it, not that he tried. He took a tentative step forward. Castiel didn’t move, concern working its way into his eyes.
They started a fire in the fireplace and started dropping the objects in one at a time in the hope of drawing Beatrice out. They wanted to make sure that they could watch as she burned, so they could know for sure that they’d gotten the right object. It was risky, but they had no body to burn so they couldn’t be sure what was keeping her on Earth. Better safe than sorry.
“Hey man,” Said Sam with an apologetic smile, “Sorry about the less than warm welcome. You know how it is. I’m glad you’re alright.”
“Who are you? How did you know about this place?” He was pointing a gun at her and yet she started walking down the stairs, apparently unconcerned by the weapons trained on her.
“Woah there Winchester,” Dean muttered to himself, “Focus.” He was supposed to be calling Rowena not having a mental break down.
“She hung herself in her wedding dress?”
The angel stuffed the entire dress into the fireplace and scooped a handful of salt from the windowsill, tossing it onto the blaze. The dress began burning with renewed vigor and Castiel watched as the last shreds of cloth crumbled away to nothing. She heard an ear-splitting wail emanating from somewhere in the house. She rushed out of the sitting room with her shotgun loaded, following the sound of the dying ghost and the faint burn marks spaced sporadically along the floorboards.
“Dean?” Her tone had changed completely, “What’s wrong?”
“I heard you screaming. You’re lost and I’m dying. I should be dead already, but I waited for you.” She looked at Castiel with sadness though he sensed it was not for herself.
“What was what Cas?! I saved your ass is what. Evidently you ganked the bitch and here we are, fine and dandy.”
“Hello Rowena,” Cas said gruffly, stepping closer to the table and putting even more space between herself and Dean, “What have you discerned from examining my vessel?”
“Of course I think it’s weird Dean, but our lives aren’t exactly normal. This is just another weird thing in our messed up lives. We’ll just deal with it like everything else. If you’re uncomfortable with Cas being in a different vessel that makes sense, but just remember that this has to be pretty hard on her too. She’s been through a lot. Try not to be so on edge about it.” Sam said. Dean glared at him and opened his mouth to retort, but Sam cut him off.
“Well she can’t just keep wearing those scrubs. She stole them from the hospital; they’re a bit conspicuous and they’re way too big for her. For now she’s stuck in what we’ve got here, but we’re going to have to go shopping at some point. I let her borrow some of your stuff.” Sam looked amused by the whole situation.
He trailed off and started grabbing as much of her food as he could. He gingerly placed it in her basket as she looked up at him. She chuckled and started to grab some of her things from the floor. Dean crouched back down and helped her fill her basket up again. When all her food was off the floor she turned towards Castiel who had watched to scene play out with bewilderment.
“I am sorry that you though I was dead. I do not know what the witch did to me, but I promise that I am who I say I am. I’ll admit that I thought you might recognize me despite my current vessel, given all we have been through together. I do not know how to prove my identity to you. I could say that I know your father trained you to be hunters after the death of your mother. I could say that I know you have lived on the road your whole lives. I could say that I know you have both gone to the ends of the earth and the depths of hell for each other and would gladly do it again. I could say all of this and yet I feel now that you still might not believe me. I am not sure how to make you certain that it is me, but I am Castiel” She looked Dean in the eyes, arms hanging at her sides, resigned to her fate. Her stare seemed to pierce through him. He had only ever had one person look at him like that.
He pulled back abruptly, shocked at his own actions as his eyelids flew open. He stared into the startled brown eyes in front of him and found himself missing, not for the first time, the blue that he was so used to.
Cas was back. For real this time. Things were back to normal. Dean was fine, happy even. Except has wasn’t really, and he didn’t know why. He had been avoiding Castiel like the plague. He knew why he was doing that of course, but that didn’t mean he was going to admit it. He had kissed Castiel, angel of the lord and his best friend. Castiel who was back in his usual vessel, which just so happened to be a man.
“Of course Dean. We can question the family in the morning.” Cas stood and followed Dean out to the car.
“You cannot simply avoid me forever Dean.” Castiel’s tone was quiet and calm, in direct opposition to the scene set before Dean.
“Right, that’s settled then.” Sam said with finality, “You guys should probably leave in the morning.” Dean was shaken out of his indignant stupor by the words ‘you guys’.
deal with that right now. He shot a look at Sam that said
“Who are you? What do you want?” the kid said in a bored tone.
Their lips met, close-lipped and calm. To Dean’s surprise it was Cas who deepened the kiss, pulling Dean into his arms and holding him like he was the only thing in the world. Dean dropped the gun he hadn’t realized he was still holding. He brought his hands up, tangling them in Cas’s hair. Oh god, he didn’t know how much he’d been dying to do that. And then it was Cas who was kissing Dean, and Dean just let it happen.
“How about I drive since you’ve got your hands full.” She glanced pointedly at the plate of food in Dean’s hands. He was going to brush her off and say
“Uh… I can take the floor.” Dean said.
“Yeah, thanks for that.” Dean tried, just to get cut off again by Castiel’s glare.
“I’m ready to go now. Sam asked me to make sure we get groceries. He texted me a list.” Cas tilted her head when she caught Dean staring, “Is everything alright?”
“I found a case.” He said, “Couples in Adams County Colorado have been going missing every few years. They all stayed at the same bed and breakfast but nobody thought to investigate since they were all from out of town and the bed and breakfast has been owned by different people over the years. The last couple went missing a few months ago. Thought we should check it out.”
“Are you alright Dean?” Cas studied Dean’s face which had gone dangerously blank. Dean was standing scarcely a step away from him, just staring.
They spent the next hour in the most uncomfortable silence Dean had experienced in his entire life. He kept his gaze resolutely forward and Cas stared out the window with such intensity Dean thought she might set the trees on fire with her gaze.
“Thank you for everything.” Dean said, getting up from the couch. Cas followed his lead and slipped her notebook into her pocket as she stood.
They got to the Bed and Breakfast around 6pm and signed in. The lady at the desk was super nice, but she kept making comments about how cute they were and it send Dean into a fit of coughing and blushing and he wasn’t even really sure why. Castiel was as eloquent as ever and kept sending Dean disapproving glances.
“Wow dude, harsh.” Dean let out a low whistle and Cas gave him a devilish smile. You’d think as an angel she wouldn’t be so good at that, but Dean knew better. Angels could be nasty sons-of-bitches when they wanted to be.
“No. She is simply comatose and her soul has moved on. This body is alive.” Castiel stopped looking at her hands and looked back at the brothers. “However I am still uncomfortable using her body like this. With my usual vessel I know that it is mine alone. It is rather unique in that respect. I was a human in that body and it has not been Jimmy’s for a very long time. I know that I am not destroying someone else’s life.” Dean gave her another odd look then cracked a lopsided smile.
He couldn’t respond. The world was beginning to spin and it was getting harder to breathe. Spots danced in his vision and he focused intently on Cas’s face, desperately trying to hold on to consciousness. She brought one of her hands to his forehead and the other to his chest. Cas let out a sharp breath, concern in her eyes. She raised two fingers towards Dean’s face, a gesture he’d seen a million times before, but failed to register for what it was. He felt Cas’s hand on his forehead and his pain lessoned.
They took Castiel’s body back to the bunker. Dean couldn’t bear to burn it. Sam had tried to argue that they should give him a proper hunter’s burial, but Dean wouldn’t hear a word of it. He just kept saying that Cas would come back. He wasn’t gone.
Sam didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know how to comfort Dean aside from helping him scour through what seemed like the entire library.
“No way buddy. You look like nuttier than squirrel shit. We have got to get you some better clothes pronto.”
“Not much really,” Began Sam, “We delt with the witch and the guy who summoned her. Then we brought your body back here. We’ve been trying to find a way to bring you back, but in all honesty man, we thought you were gone for good.” He looked guilty about it. Dean was still staring at Cas with that odd expression.
Through the music blaring in his ears Dean heard a rough crunching noise. He pulled off his headphones and sat up with a start. He grabbed his gun from the table beside his bed and shot to his feet. He sped towards his door only to see that it had been ripped off its hinges.
“Where’s she buried?” He asked.
Dean shook himself out of his daze.
“Dean, I sense there is something on your mind.” Castiel said, turning her attention on him. Dean ran his hand through his hair nervously.
“I don’t know Cas!” Dean shouted, louder than he had meant to.
“Alright let’s check it out. I’ll call Cas.” Dean said pulling out his phone.
“Alright c’mere. Let me help” Dean grunted, trying to keep himself from analyzing the situation too much because he could
Rowena approached Castiel, angel blade in hand.
“You’ve got yourself a real sweetheart there darling. He’s a keeper.” The elderly woman said with a wink at Cas, who smiled at her.
“You saved my ass?
“Any idea why they sold it?” Dean asked.
“Bye.” Dean hung up the phone. Cas was walking purposefully back towards the car. She had a grocery bag in one hand but it didn’t seem to have much in it. Dean slid over to the driver’s seat, rolled down the window and stuck out his hand. Cas squinted at him before placing the keys in his outstretched palm and walking around to get in the passenger’s seat.
Dean tried to turn but Cas raised his head to look down at him.
change, and Cas’s awkward explanations of mundane things was one of them.
Dean nodded. “The team is going out at 6 but I’ll be back home around 9.”
Cas squinted at him, more than confused, then followed his gaze to an old black car that had screeched to a halt on the road beside them. A man thundered out of it, slamming the door with reckless abandon. Cas had opened his mouth again to ask what was going on, but none of the words made it out because Dean shoved his way in front of him.
He was usually so smooth when it came to romance. And here he was, telling has he was going to look for a hookup when that’s the last thing he wanted.
at this game.”
Cas pressed a button to accept the call and walked to the other end of the room for some privacy. The other three started a new game without him.
Cas reached a hand out and cupped it over Dean’s stubbled face, rubbing a thumb over his cheek. Dean looked tired, worried, stretched thin.
He and his dad padded through the muddy forest on nearly silent feet.
“How long?” Cas asked softly.
Everything was going well. Right up until the moment Dean went missing. Castiel cursed himself for taking his eyes off the hunter, but what was he to do? The vampires were attacking from all sides and in the blur of battle, he had lost sight of Dean.
‘Dean you don’t understand. Touching an angel’s wings is not something to be taken lightly, its a very intimate thing, done by only those closest to the angel.” Cas’s face was uncharacteristically expressive. He looked torn between a desperation to get Dean to understand, and a deep desire to evaporate out of the room. If he wasn’t in so much pain, he probably would have snapped out of there a long time ago.
They washed the dishes like a well oiled machine. Dean soaped them up in warm water and rinsed them off, then handed them to Cas, who dried them and put them away.
Cas huffed out a wet laugh and Dean cupped a hand behind his head, lightly scratching through his hair. It took a long time, but eventually they both fell asleep.
“Yes. Its a concert in the Royal Hall, all proceeds go towards supporting education for girls in Afghanistan.”
“I’m really not sure how this is supposed to work,” Cas said, breaking the silence after a few moments.
The man’s eyes darkened, any trace of human kindness leaching out of them, replaced by something colder than ice. “Liar,” he breathed out. The word was quiet. Barely a breath. But it carried such a threat that he could have used a megaphone to accuse him and it wouldn’t have come across any clearer.
Cas exhaled through his nose and looked to the side, mumbling something about Dean always going in over his head. He rolled his shoulders uncomfortably and something must have snapped in his resolve because he seemed to deflate, defeated probably more by his pain than by Dean’s argument.
“What? Most of them are going to bring their girlfriends and a couple friends anyways. Nobody will notice her there.”
“I um. I -” he swallowed. “I wrote you a letter. Here.” He shoved the page at Dean, who didn’t reach out to take it. Instead, he looked left and right and the lingering classmates that were listening in on the conversation, not bothering to hide their curiosity.
The man on stage was not large, but his presence held the room and his command of the piano was complete. A sweet and dainty melody began to flow, so fragile and delicate that it made Dean want to capture it and keep it safe. Michael swayed with the music and in time, it grew and changed and gathered harmonies, some building up the sound and some seeming to compete for attention.
“YOU THINK YOU’RE SO FUCKING
“You’re lucky you didn’t break anything Dean.”
“Dean! Are you going to just sit there or are you going to help us out?” Henry called from his sprawl in the sand. He had dived for the ball and missed gloriously.
He was watching the bag spin when his bedroom door opened and Benny stepped out, white as a sheet.
He looked down at him, and Dean was struck with how
Dean pushed Cas’s knees apart far enough that he could lay between them, then tore open one of the condoms and rolled it on expertly. Cas leaned back and fisted the sheets, groaning just from that little contact.
“He’ll come around, things like this happen sometimes. It usually turns out okay.”
Sam hopped up from his slouch so fast Dean barely saw him move. He bolted for the door to the shop, and was moving so quickly he slammed straight into Bobby, who was just coming back inside.
Dean cleared his throat and kneeled on the bed behind the angel.
of beating around the bush. Quiet hints, nudges, all of which were deflected immediately.
Once Dean finished with the first wing, he worked his way in from the second wing as well, lost in thought.
In that moment, Dean turned his head in his sleep and planted the softest of kisses in Castiel’s palm, completely unaware of his actions. Castiel felt a dark blush crawl up his face and he removed his hand and stood in one fluid motion, unable to tear his eyes away from Dean.
marking, now hidden under his flannel sleeve. To have a soulmate – to meet them, to know them – it all seemed forbidden and completely unattainable for him. But it had
“Shut up Sam, are you gonna help me or not?”
Benny met Dean’s eye from his lean against the building and shook his head slowly in disbelief. Dean shrugged, having no explanation. If this team was their family, then he and Benny were not very good at keeping their kids in line.
“Thank you,” Dean said, relieved. He held his phone to his ear with a shoulder and gathered his keys and wallet. “How’s your girl? Rose? Ruby? Something with an R..”
His thoughts swirled back and forth in an endless pendulum of
RIGHT FUCKING
Dean swung off the bench and Sam followed him to join the short lineup for ice cream. Sam ordered two twisted cones then handed over the tickets. Dean accepted both of the ice creams with a nod and passed one over to Sam.
“I — anytime Cas” Dean replied, surprised to hear how rough his voice sounded.
“Yes I’m sure you are,” Dean answered, more from instinct than actual thought. The woman laughed, light and plastic before pulling a stool closer and sitting down. She hung dangerously off the stool, mostly draping herself on Dean.
“What if you come see the game on Saturday? Its the first of the season,” Dean offered.
“Was he in class today?”
“Oh my god,” Cas exhaled. “Now I’m too hot.”
As usual, things did not go his way.
“See? The inequality is strict, so the solution has to be a set of values where the polynomial (x+5)(x-6) is positive. If you solve for an equality to 0, the roots are -5 and 6.”
they just
Dean wasn’t even completely sure what he wanted.
It was strangely relieving, having someone there to ground him. He thought with bitterness about all the times he had woken from nightmares alone. There were definitely worse things to endure, worse things he had
Dean turned carefully to look back at his brother, who was eating up John’s promises like a gullible child. Like he hadn’t ever been lied to or tricked before. Dean wished he had that sort of optimism left, but school was a far off dream to him now and he knew it. He was supposed to be in his last year of high school but never stayed in one place long enough for people to even learn his name.
When he reached the tantalizing trail of hair leading into Dean’s pants, he ran his fingers over it. Dean sucked in a deep breath, likely very ready to move on, but Cas was nowhere near finished. He placed a gentle kiss to the deep V of muscle that disappeared into Dean’s waistband, then straightened and took his weight onto his knees.
Cas stirred again but didn’t open his eyes. His breathing was shallow and irregular and sounded wet.
“Hey,” Dean answered. Castiel’s hair was damp and he smelled freshly showered, which definitely did not make Dean picture what he may have looked like in said shower.
Cas was grinning, lips red and swollen, hair pushed in all directions from where Dean had ravaged it. “Woah,” Cas gasped out between inhales. “That was - you’re. Uh. That was… good.” And just the awkwardness of the words, the way Cas stuttered over them as if he didn’t quite have control of himself yet, made the tension leach out of Dean.
“You’re making suggestions? After your father broke up my family and ruined my life you still think you have a say in it? No. Here’s what’s going to happen. I’m going to eat whatever I crave, whenever. I’m going to kill your brother now, and if you’re nice about it then I will let you and your angel live in exchange for a guarantee that you never meddle in this town again.”
"I'm not," Dean replied. Easily. Truthfully. Cas’s long exhale ruffled his hair. Dean let a palm rest, warm and open, over Castiel’s heart, and Cas reached over and laid his own hand somewhere over Dean’s wrist.
The walk home was pleasant mostly due to the light breeze. October was nearing, and there was already a hint of chill in the air.
Charlie nodded slowly, making it painfully obvious that she didn’t believe him.
The day had started off weird. Gabriel was in a grumpy mood in the morning. Then Dean wasn’t in math class. So when Castiel hooked his backpack up in the sweaty gym changeroom, he ignored the random sinking feeling that washed over him. There was no conceivable reason for it, after all.
Sam carefully picked out each piece of broken pottery from Dean’s skin, wiping each cut with alcohol so it wouldn’t get infected. Nothing was deep enough to really warrant stitches. Dean figured everything would probably scab over by tomorrow morning anyways.
Dean carefully made his way over and even managed to sit down before Cas broke his focus.
Cas was floating, way up out of his body right up until Dean put a hand to his jaw.
“Okay,” Cas said in lieu of nodding.
that he could ruin Cas so easily. Just one touch and he had already lost control. Not that Dean was doing much better, he was painfully hard, but this was too good, and he didn’t want to stop.
“Hey guys!” She stepped over the log and sat down, sandwiched between them. “Thanks so much for the invite! I got a ton of great interview material.”
“Yeah,” Cas answered, shaking his head. He picked at his fruit silently for a few seconds, then opened his mouth to say something and shut it again.
Dean snorted, crossing his arms. “Why even bother, Cas? I’m not going to get it. You can just tell the teacher you tried your best. No reason to stick around.”
He knew he shouldn’t. Knew he was playing a dangerous game with his heartstrings. But he shifted closer in the warm grass until he was pressed to Cas’s side, close enough that he could feel the wet droplets of water on Cas’s skin. The heat of the skin underneath.
Dean paused, perhaps debating, or perhaps he had fallen asleep again.
Cas had told him repeatedly that he was fine..that he was getting better, but Dean could see right through the facade. It was clear in the way Cas sat down at every opportunity, clear in the light sheen of sweat that appeared whenever he had to walk, clear in the tightness around his eyes and the clench of his jaw. Cas was nowhere near alright, and had definitely not improved.
amount to much, all things weighed and considered.
I love you all and hope you enjoy this angsty slightly longer chapter. If so, let me know <3
Dean swallowed, debating between telling the truth or lying. He
The dude’s eyes were
It was the right thing to do. The
Dean almost couldn’t believe it. It was unreal that Cas seemed to actually want him.
Dean laughed and pushed himself up off the locker, swinging his duffle bag onto his shoulder.
After a minute, he flicked open his planner and made a little tick beside the
This seemed both wise and overly complicated, which made them feel even wiser, and the plan was heartily agreed upon. They lined up along the deep end of the pool, each holding the plastic edge with one wet and wrinkled hand.
He pulled out the whole chicken he had bought yesterday rubbed seasonings on it, and laid it neatly in the middle of a deep pan. He then quartered some potatoes, onions, and chopped a couple carrots to crowd them around the chicken. A sprinkling of oil, paprika, and salt later, he slid the whole thing into the oven and washed his hands again, ready to chop up the salad ingredients.
“So you’re telling me its either me or you? You take me apart to get your bit of grace back or you die slowly and painfully?”
“Cool shoes.” Dean blurted. The room felt warmer than it had minutes ago.
“Yeah.” It came out like more of a snap than Dean had intended.
“We can fix that you know,” Precious said sweetly. She brushed a thick lock of hair over her shoulder and Dean caught a whiff of her perfume, something cloying and floral, much too strong. He wanted to cough but even he knew that would be rude.
Cas nodded in response and leaned up an inch to give Dean a peck on the lips. They pushed through the crowd and Dean wrestled his way into the change room for his duffle bag. Most of the guys had already cleared out their stuff. Some were in the showers.
“Maybe monsters can just smell it when you have a crush on a hunter,” Cas said.
blames you.”
“Listen up. I don’t have time for dawdling today. It’s going to be a good hard tryout and you boys better give it your all because there is no second chance. I’d like you all to meet Benny and Dean. They’re your captains. Benny’s going to lead a warmup and conditioning, then I have a dribbling obstacle course set, then we’ll do a short scrimmage, and we’ll end with an endurance run. Any questions?”
Dean shrugged and smiled, lips tight, and took another drink from his beer instead of answering.
The melody that at first was so prominent was slowly choked out and replaced by a flow of notes that took on an almost menacing quality. Michael seemed to push his whole body into the large echoing booms of sound and an even marching noise that crashed out of the piano.
Castiel finally looked away, suddenly feeling completely overwhelmed, and vaguely like he had done something wrong, when his eyes locked with Sam, who was propped up on one elbow and watching the exchange through wide eyes from across the room.
The last chapter was kind of short so, voila. Another one just for fun. (Who am I kidding...I'm just a sucker for comments and I miss you guys)
Dean opened his mouth to protest. He didn’t care either way, but he could tell his dad was already boiling beneath the thin layer of calm. He needed to stop Bobby before things got ugly, but Bobby just held a hand out to silence him.
there’s something you don’t like or don’t want to do, tell me about it.”
“Uhhhh, yeah – that doesn’t actually make me feel any better, H.”
Cas curled his fingers under Dean’s waistband, gripping the smooth skin over Dean’s hips, making his direction obvious.
Dean nodded. “See you in the morning.” He was surprised at how scratchy his voice sounded.
The boy looked up from the thick book he had been reading, somewhat startled before his face smoothed and he smiled, warm and open.
Dean came to such an abrupt stop that Cas walked another step without him and got yanked by their joined hands. He looked back, startled, just in time to see Dean’s eyes flick between the road and their hands. A horrified look passed over his face, and he let go like Cas’s skin was burning him.
“Really? ...Thanks dad,” Sam said, almost disbelievingly.
“Dean,” Sam nodded to his brother, stepping just barely inside, Samuel following close behind. Their boots were muddy and crusted dirt fell to the tiles in flakes.
Dean swallowed hard. He completely understood the feeling. He wanted to ask for the full story but somehow felt it was inappropriate to bring it up. Cas must have sensed his question though because he gave a small sigh.
Tentatively, so lightly Dean thought he might be imagining it, a hand settled over his shin. He shifted his leg, and now there was the definite pressure of a handprint curling towards his calf muscle.
know that. It was the only thing that kept him going all these years, knowing that the few dark little scar marks that never faded meant he still had a chance.
“And they teach logarithms in eighth grade?” Bobby asked, amazed. Dean’s eyes flicked to John, so he was the only one who watched his face darken.
He walked back into the bedroom and leaned down to kiss Dean again. It seemed like he couldn’t get enough of Dean’s lips, but nobody was complaining.
Cas could have written entire novels about the emotions that flitted across Dean’s face. Shock, disbelief, confusion, sadness, anger, shame, then a hard closed off look. Cas watched as the stones fell into place, as the wall was built.
The man shrugged.
They were
“Well then we better do well on this one.” He pulled Dean into the tall corn stalks and picked a direction at random.
He had been begging his dad for
“Cas, please,” Dean managed weakly. And it gave absolutely no information as to what he was begging for, not a single hint, but Cas leaned in for a kiss anyways, as though he already knew.
It took several achingly long days before Bobby let Dean get up and move around. Several more before he let him leave the house, and only then, it was because Cas
“Sam should be up any minute with the cure Dean. Don’t move.”
to stubbornly demand what he wanted. But that moment was just that. A moment. Now he was sore, and regretted it all.
This is me begging for more meeting prompts. To be fair, I was coerced into continuing this by some of you, so it's only fair that you keep pushing me along with ideas
defending you now? You call yourself a
“How are you this beautiful?” Cas asked in a rough whisper. Dean was too surprised to answer, so he just pulled Cas towards him again for a kiss. The feeling of skin on skin sent a shiver up Deans spine. He felt greedy for more. He wanted to spend
Dean looked up at him, suddenly exhausted. It had been a long night. Heck, it had been a long life.
“Well this works because you will be using my grace to heal my grace and —“
Dean’s mind raced. He knew he could cut himself out of the net and swing down, but he didn’t know if the man was armed. Sam was slowly creeping his way back closer to the action, so Dean decided to just stall.
If he thought Dean was so messed up he needed
Dean paused. The Royal Hall was a place he hadn’t yet set foot in, despite having lived in the city for going on four years now. He vaguely knew it held uppity events with expensive drinks and rich folk, but that was the extent of his knowledge. It dawned on him just then that perhaps jeans and a flannel might not be proper attire for a concert.
slow. By the time the bell rang, Dean was more than ready to get out of the room. Hell, maybe he could manage to slip out before the teacher caught him. He stood, shouldered his backpack, and turned towards the door.
Dean remembered vividly the sheer terror of opening the front door and never knowing what would be behind it. He remembers the bone deep exhaustion after staying awake and alert all night, listening to his father yell at his mom and trying to hear for sounds of a beating so he could go in and intervene. He remembers the pain of being told he was worthless, useless, couldn’t get a single thing right.
If Cas noticed the strangled pause, he didn’t say anything.
“How’s your leg?” Sam asked, coming around to crouch in front of Dean and get a closer look. Dean shifted away sharply.
Cas smiled softly at him, then looked in the direction Bobby had disappeared, and smiled a little wider.
“Dean, wait. Please,” Cas begged, standing too. He reached a hand out to Dean’s shoulder, but Dean wretched away.
John straightened, suddenly looking very proud. “All by yourself. Huh. Maybe you’re not useless after all.” He reached down and grabbed Dean by the arm - the bandaged arm - and hauled him up. Dean bit his tongue to keep from crying out.
*kinda sorta spoiler alert but not really*
Cas handed Dean one of the bowls and he looked down at it as if he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. Cas took a slow bite of his own pasta, watching him. Dean watched Cas swallow, and then he was wolfing it down, eating so quickly it was like he hadn’t touched food in years.
Bobby made a gruff noise, not agreeing but not disagreeing either.
Castiel huffed wetly against Dean’s neck. He pulled away slowly. “I should be asking you that, Dean. You’re the one that got -” And he didn’t even finish his sentence because his breath hitched. Dean reached out and cupped his jaw, swiping away a hot tear with his thumb.
The feathers on the wings were sparse, and many of the remaining feathers were broken, bleeding, or twisted at awkward angles. On the right wing, there was a large expanse of bare skin where feathers were torn out. The tissue underneath was bleeding slowly and something sharp was sticking out of the wound.
But this time, John kept all laptops firmly shut, all books and weapons zipped safely in their duffels. They showered, checked out of the dingy motel room, then took off straight for South Dakota.
No matter how many times he replayed those words, the hurt never lessened. This time was no different.
“Twister?” Cas said, excitedly sweeping Hazel up for a hug.
Can hummed and snuggled closer. Dean would have loved to just freeze time and stay like that for eternity, but he knew the clock was ticking and he didn’t want to keep the team waiting.
He wanted to jump for joy. To run circles around the school. To grab Dean and kiss him, hard and full on the mouth. His skin tingled like it was charged with electricity. Cas poured all his energy into keeping
“Well we’re heading back now to shower and change, then probably taking a walk downtown to get dinner. Care to join?”
Cas reached down and grabbed Dean under his armpits, intending to lift him and bring him inside, but damn the man was heavier than he looked. Cas ended up awkwardly dragging him inside, all the while hoping he wasn’t dead because he didn’t know the first thing about CPR.
have been hanging out with them.
it. Last time he wanted it, well, was the
“Do you feel okay with this type of question?”
Waiting. And for what? No help was coming.
Dean watched Castiel’s face crumple progressively as his mottled skin appeared, bit by bit. Most of it was some shade of red or purple, the occasional splotch darkening to a blue. Overall, not a pretty sight.
was he supposed to do anything when he didn’t have a single clue where to start looking? He didn’t know who the guy was, where he lived, what he looked like. Fuck, he didn’t even know if he
“You know, the one with the union symbol to connect disjointed intervals?”
Gabriel winked at him, swiping away a drop of syrup with his tongue. “Never too busy for my baby bro.”
It didn’t help that their tip was more than a little off, so there were almost twice as many vamps as anticipated. He, his father, and thirteen year old Sam were quickly overwhelmed, and they escaped with their lives. Barely. John had to give Sam almost twenty six stitches, thanks to the window he was thrown through. Dean had more bruised skin than unbruised skin at this point.
but it made the energy leach out of him all the same. He hated
They made it to the hospital in closer to 40 minutes than an hour, and Dean let out a loud pent up breath when he saw Sam, leaning casually against the side of a glossy black truck.
Dean opened his hand in a goodbye and slipped out the door, shutting it firmly behind him. By the time Cas opened it and looked down his street, Dean was already gone.
Now, Dick’s hand curled damp and heavy around Dean’s, trying to pull him closer. Dean tried to pry his hand away, suddenly hating the tipsy fog his mind was in.
The man stumbled off the barstool and followed Cas outside. The night air was so cold that it hurt to inhale and Cas immediately knew he made the right choice offering the dude a place to stay. He would have died staying out here all night. He was shivering in his thin leather jacket as it was.
This second album was even stranger than the first. Each photo was of roots, held up against impossibly blue skies. Sometimes there were clouds, sometimes street lamps, sometimes slivers of storefronts, but mostly it was roots, torn and mangled with clumps of dirt hanging off of them. Dean wondered if Cas sometimes felt like that, uprooted and floating freely, untethered where he should be buried deep.
He just nodded and flicked off the kitchen lights. In his room, he turned on his bedside lamp, casting the room in a warm glow. He pulled back the covers and Dean immediately crawled in, but Cas turned to the dresser to pull out a pair of pyjamas.
Dean, clearly not expecting that level of honesty, said nothing. He picked up Cas’s tubing free hand and brushed a gentle kiss across the back of it instead. Cas watched him, a tender ache in his heart.
“Good”  the angel answered shortly, cracking open an eye to look down at Dean.
situation. Whatever that was.
Sometimes Dean woke too and caught him reading. He would frown, just barely, before gently shutting the book and crawling into his lap instead. The distractions were hot, heady, definitely not unwelcome, but Cas was not blind. He could see Dean’s subtle hints, how despite what he said with his words, his actions screamed that he wanted Cas as far away from hunting life as possible.
“Cas, I was serious when I said I wanted to help you. What do you need me to do?”
- would have gotten him slapped so fast he wouldn’t even know what hit him. It was a thrilling sort of victory to know his brother wasn’t scared around him.
He really needed to get his shit together before his boyfriend came and caught a glimpse into his horribly twisted mind. It would no doubt be the end of it for them, which Dean wasn’t ready for. Not now, maybe not ever.
“Not if I do this,” Dean said. Cas looked at him, confused, because what could Dean
Benny went to shower immediately after Dean had stepped out, fully clothed and towel drying his hair. He had just repacked his bag when there was a knock at the door.
a nice shirt.
Dean held the door open for Cas as they stepped into the warm night air. He felt pleasantly full after a burger, but was more than ready to get away from the rowdy energy of the team and their friends. They had excused themselves near the end of dinner on the grounds of wanting to explore downtown, but once Dean was outside the restaurant, he realized how drained he was.
“As happy as anyone I suppose.”
Dean swallowed, because how could he
Sure, it was unlikely that the university would so royally screw over their star soccer player, but he wasn’t taking any chances.
“From the bar,” Cas clarified unnecessarily.
“Hazel! You’re too strong!”
It happened exactly like it would have in a movie. Cas diligently locked up the bar, walked straight to his car, then fumbled with his keys in the semi dark. Of course, he dropped them. Of course, they fell into a shallow puddle, because where else would they fall?
To work through all his roiling thoughts in the time it had taken for Castiel to declare him his soulmate...it had been impossible. He knows that, logically.
“Woah,” Dean said as Cas slid straight into the water, hands slipping on the smooth edges of the tub. Dean caught his arm before he went completely under, and held him steady until he rearranged himself, back against the other end of the tub, feet stretched beside Dean’s.
in a little zippered pocket he found a small tube and a string of condoms. He tore off two and hopped back onto the bed. Cas was watching him with hooded eyes, propped up on his elbows, knees casually bent.
Dean moved to unwrap the chains on his feet while Sam picked at the lock on the handcuffs, popping off one, then the other.
Dean laughed back. “Well in that case, we will find out more as we go along. I swear I’m not a murderer though. You know, in case that’s what you’re wondering.”
“Gotcha.”
“No not usually. My dad and brother were here but dad didn’t believe me when I said there was one left. He said if I’m so sure I should stay behind and catch it. He and Sammy are probably halfway to who knows where by now. He’ll call me in a couple days and let me know where to find them. I think.”
“Alright, get out of here,” Gabriel said, flinging a hand defeatedly towards the pool. He had barely finished his sentence before all three kids leapt out of their chairs and ran towards the water, cannonballing in with three great splashes.
There was a thin current of lust, because how could anyone not fall for those achingly beautiful eyes? There was almost a childish awe, like meeting a superhero in real life. But overtop of all of that, there was the knowledge of how much Dean tried. How much he cared. How much he sacrificed.
The… man. Creature? Was dressed in tattered clothes, and lumbered over with an uneven but surprisingly fluid gait. He pressed Dean down and opened his mouth wide.
When the call finally
Before he left for class, he smeared some butter on two slices of bread and tossed on whatever looked good from the fridge; this included some questionable ham, a sad pickle floating alone in its jar, mustard, and a piece of sliced cheese that he didn’t remember buying. He would definitely have to go grocery shopping soon.
Dean moved his hands to Castiel’s waist, pulling and pushing, somehow at the same time. He wanted him closer, wanted him to stop teasing. Wanted to be absorbed by Cas entirely. He trailed his hands back up Cas’s sides and into his hair again,
Now, it made bile rise up in his throat.
“Thank you brother.”
“What’s wrong,” Bal asked immediately, setting his bowl down on the table. Cas sighed and collapsed into a kitchen chair. Leave it to his best friend to have a fine tuned crushed spirit detector.
Cas? Dean was
“Calm down brother. Its a bowtie. Worn by gentlemen.” He straightened the bow and folded the collar over it. Next he slid the plain silver cufflinks into place and fastened a button on Dean’s jacket.
“If you have any questions or find yourselves in need of any resources, please let me know,” she added, a bright, earnest look on her face. She was clearly just trying to be helpful, but Dean couldn’t find it within himself to be grateful. She had royally screwed him over, and it didn’t make him like her any more.
Dean, never one to back down from a challenge, scooted off the sofa and stood at one end of the mat.
tell Cas that he rarely had a place to call home. That he was rarely
“Cas it’s me.” His eyes adjusted and the world around him fell into place with a disorienting jolt. This was a hospital room. That was Dean.
“We’re gonna go put my stuff away and meet you downstairs then,” Dean said, sealing the deal.
“It’s for old yellow eyes. I think I found a witch who knows some shit. You in?”
Dean inhaled a full breath; he was able to, now that he didn’t feel the pain. “My dad,” he said eventually.
“There. A real s’more,” he grinned brightly.
Dean suspiciously eyed the drink he had been handed. There was something along the rim of his glass and he he licked it, immediately making a face at how sour it was.
and neatly completed the solution. Dean leaned slowly closer to see the page. His shoulder bumped Castiel’s, but he didn’t move. He was too focused on the evolving solution to notice.
“I’d like that,” Charlie answered with a smile. They stepped out into the crisp morning air.
“How are you still breathing? I’m like, over 200 pounds.”
Fine. Half an hour was plenty enough to say all he had to say. He uncapped his pen, and started writing.
“Everything okay Cas?” Dean asked as his hand stilled.
Dean’s brain skipped a beat, absorbing the new information. “Got it,” he nodded, bumping her shoulder with his. “I guess I’ve got more competition than I thought huh?”
Despite Cas having
Dean could see the faint outline of Cas’s hand as it came up to cradle his cheek. He allowed himself to be drawn closer until he was pressed tight against Cas, who trailed his hand down Dean’s jaw, neck, across his shoulder, down his chest, and caught his hand that was loosely curled in his lap.
“Ain’t nothing you can do about it my friend.” He tossed back the third shot and Cas watched the long flex of his neck. Either he was used to this drinking pace or was looking to get blackout drunk. Cas watched the man run a hand roughly through his hair and something in his heart twisted at the sight.
“How did your article turn out?”
That stung. Even more so because Dean was right.
When he finished, he sat directly on Cas’s lap, giving him a cheeky grin.
“Should we take our seats? My brothers are already inside.”
made the tears finally choke their way out.
“Pie,” Dean answered immediately.
“Relax man,” Dean said after it became clear that Cas wouldn’t do so on his own. He let himself slide into the water another inch and leaned his head back against the edge of the tub, watching as Cas copied him.
“I tortured people Cas. For thirty years I was strung up on a rack, torn to shreds only to be put back together again. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I took the deal. I picked up a hammer and turned on the next bastard in line, and I didn’t stop swinging for a whole decade.”
Cas kept his face carefully neutral, a practiced reaction, a warrior’s reaction.
“You can take me if you’re not too busy.”
“All the pets seem to have been dragged towards the industrial part of town, near this one wareho-“
If he passed by Cas’s room on his way to his own and heard the pained breathing pattern the angel slipped into when he thought nobody could hear, then he didn’t say a thing.
John turned, narrowing his eyes at him. Dean wondered for the first time if their friendship was really born out of mutual respect and understanding, or if John just used Bobby as an occasional free babysitter and Bobby took it like a champ.
Cas looked up at the glowing directory, already lost and unsteady, and the hunt had barely begun. He needed to pull himself together
Cas didn’t answer right away. Didn’t really know how. It wasn’t as simple as a yes or a no, because there was no way to describe to Dean how deep his love for the man went.
? How could he untether himself from this pain that wasn’t even really his?
When a couple of Dean’s reference books appeared on his shelves, he obsessed over every word. He often woke in the dark to shuffle quietly out of their bedroom and lie, soft and languid on the sofa with a book on demons propped open against his knees.
to stop Cas, because they couldn’t go down that dark lane. Not here, not now, preferably not ever. He turned to walk away, but a hand clamped down hard on his shoulder.
“Aww coach, it must have been me growing.”
“You started holding your breath after us so you breathed less for longer.”
“Oh, I’m so sor-”
“Can we go?” Sam asked, suddenly five again. “Please.” He tugged on Dean’s sleeve, begging, but Dean didn’t need any encouragement. He couldn’t
“Cas I don’t think I’ll be sore ever again after that,” Dean chuckled. He glanced towards the TV, which had been displaying the Game of Thrones logo for who knows how long. Castiel followed his gaze.
Half an hour later, Sam poked his head into the motel room before opening the door fully and entering with way more caution than was really necessary.
it was an impulsive decision, but he kneeled by Dean’s bed and cupped his face in one palm, letting his thumb brush across Dean’s cheekbone once. Castiel felt his heart tremble in his chest. He knew he should not be allowed to hold Dean so delicately. Not after all the times he had left him and hurt him, involuntary as those times may have been. Castiel focused on the feel of Dean’s stubble in his palm, the warmth of his skin, and the soft brush of Dean’s hair against his fingertips. He wanted to memorize this feeling, knowing he would not likely have another chance at intimacy like this.
“Jonathan Price. Son of Anthony Price,” The man snapped. “You’d have just been a young boy, but your daddy killed mine. Said he was a monster. He didn’t even care that I had seen the whole murder. Well I’m older now, and I know more than I did back then. I intended to avenge my father, but by the time I tracked him down John Winchester was dead. It’s alright, I’ve got the next best thing,” Jonathan sneered.
Castiel blinked. “No. I think you got a little behind – it can happen when you move. And I think it’ll only take a few hours to catch you up.”
The illusion of freedom, as all illusions do, dissolved with one word, uttered in a nightmarish prayer that caused the angel’s heart to twist.
He cried, and Bobby held him until his tears ran dry. When Dean’s breathing finally slowed into something more regular, Bobby pulled back far enough to look at him again in the soft light flooding in from the hall.
“I agree. Fourteen and eleven also played well today,” Dean pointed out. “Your scoring system really works wonders coach,” he said, grinning.
“Let me heal you” Cas said, clearly and quietly. The words were a clear demand, but they were spoken too softly, with too much hidden meaning to be taken as anything but a raw desire to fix Dean in the same ways Dean had fixed him.
“I will hold him,” Cas said in a voice that left no room for debate. He slid into the backseat and tugged Dean closer. The movement didn’t wake him, he didn’t even stir. Dean looked dead, and it would have driven Cas mad had he not been able to hear Dean’s faint but steady heartbeat.
Dean coughed again, more violently this time. He gasped, dragging in a lungful of air and flung himself up in the bed. He looked wildly around the room and his gaze landed on Castiel, standing completely still in the corner.
at the sight.
of all people? Cas, who was more suited to someone soft and loving. Someone who had no baggage whatsoever and would always welcome him in with open arms. Someone who was everything Dean was not.
Dean gave him an unimpressed look but also chose not to elaborate, so Cas pressed on.
“Woah Charlie.” Dean chuckled. “Its cool I get it. You remind me of my brother actually, he’s more the book nerd than me.”
“Okay so lets get to it.”
“And racing!” Hannah added, a new gleam in her eyes.
“How do you know which way to go?” Dean asked, amused at Cas’s instant enthusiasm.
“Oh yeah. Smartest person I know. Although don’t tell him that, I can’t let it get to his head.”
“Cas,” Dean said in a voice that was lower than he expected it to be. “Later.”
Last chapter was light, but this one is heavy as hell. Serious cutting/suicidal behaviour in this chapter. Please please take this warning seriously. I will provide a clean summary in the end note that you can read. I'm begging you, don't trigger yourself. Please.
“Well maybe I’m not yours to lose!” Cas snapped back angrily. The flash of pain that danced across Dean’s face was satisfying for only the breath of a second before Cas regretted saying that. It wasn’t what he meant, but he had gone too far to stop now.
Cas slowly, teasingly dragged Dean’s pyjama bottoms and boxers down in one go. He heard the moment Dean’s cock sprang free because he let out a deeply satisfied noise and immediately flipped onto his back. It stretched up towards Dean’s stomach, thick and reddened.
“Good morning all. I would like to begin today by introducing our final project. As you may have read in the syllabus, you will need to choose a partner. Together, you will select a book from the classics list that was provided to you. The book should be read by both partners and you will collaborate to write opposing essays on any chosen topic.”
“No Dean. Its not,” Castiel promised.
“Why don’t you try me?” Cas asked with a coyness he would come to regret in the next few minutes. So Dean did. Cas listened raptly as he explained the existence of werewolves, vampires, demons, monsters so twisted and horrible you wouldn’t believe they existed unless you saw them. He explained how his mother was killed, how he was raised to hunt, how his brother died. He told Cas about his demon deal he made to get him back, and even managed to describe the hell hound that dragged him down before his voice cracked and stopped.
The thought filled him with a heaviness, and caused him to continue combing and shifting his fingers through the wings long after they were all gleaming and perfectly straight.
“That ain’t how this story goes Cas,” He locked eyes with Castiel one final time before turning and disappearing into the crowd of undulating bodies.
Dean cleared up his workspace after finishing his last car of the day, then ducked into the front office to let Al know he was heading out. On his way home, he stopped by a shawarma joint and ate the wrap he bought as he walked.
Dean sighed and leaned more heavily against Cas, giving his hands access to roam over his hips and chest, which they did. “Ask whatever you want to Cas.”
“Well you damn sure ain’t batman with that thing in your hand.”
“Hold still and this won’t hurt as bad,” The man suggested. And okay. Who even says that? Who seriously says that and expects someone to be still?
endured, but still it was nice to have someone there.
“You do this in the dark?” Dean asked, watching curiously as Cas filled some shallow basins with liquid from different bottles.
It exhausted his heart sometimes, keeping track of the injuries. Watching them heal, watching for new ones. Exhausting, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself. It was true, what he wrote on his own skin last night. He
“Dean,” Sam said, relieved. He was holding a mug of something gently steaming.
Cas held his breath for the rest of the class. His thoughts were flitting along so quickly that by the time the bell rang, he hadn’t taken a single note, and still hadn’t decided what to do with this new, incredibly precious information.
Dean shrugged. “Maybe it was my epic massaging skills from earlier.” He grinned in the dark, waggling his eyebrows.
There were entire websites dedicated to that sort of thing, where people gave themselves horrible and unique injuries and posted them in hopes of finding the person with matching marks.
“Put those on.”
A moment later Dean stepped out of the steamy bathroom, fully dressed and looking like an entirely different man. Except for the haunted look in his eyes. That couldn’t be fixed by a shower.
Dean entered Benny’s room, not bothering to close the door. He would feel safer if he heard the soft noises of another person in the teeny apartment. Heck, maybe he would luck out and not even have any dreams. The thought seemed so wishful that Dean almost smiled as he shucked off his jeans and pulled on Benny’s sweatpants instead.
Anna picked up a sleeping Hazel and they all filtered off to their rooms. Dean stayed behind for a fraction of a second to stack the empty popcorn bowls and he bumped into Gabriel, who was gathering the empty beer bottles onto a coffee table.
Castiel nodded and crumpled his wax paper into a ball, holding out his hand for Dean’s paper too. The boys walked briefly back up to Castiel’s room to get Dean’s bag, then back out front to the Impala.
He reached out and threaded his fingers through Dean’s. Only once he had his hands clasped in his own did Castiel notice quite how hard Dean was shaking.
By the time the boys joined him, the next episode was set up and the beers were opened. Dean sat on the sofa with a couple loud joint cracks, ignoring the pain in his ribs. Cas sat beside him with a frown, looking like he was going to offer to heal Dean again before he was shot yet another glare. Sam hit play and dragged a blanket onto the floor before sprawling over it.
Dean walked up to the window.
a guy. It could just as easily be a girl.
“Nah,” John said easily. “He’s good with this.” His tone was too light, a dead giveaway that Bobby was probably
Cas swiped a thumb across his bottom lip to wipe away an invisible crumb. “Usually I do a show. If anyone wants to buy the photos they can. I keep a copy in albums. Or rather, Gabriel does. He’s sort of a hoarder and has a whole library of them.”
Fudgy and full of chocolate chips.
“Good work so far boys. Dean, Benny, you’ll each captain a scrimmage team,” she said as she pulled out a quarter.
“Maybe you’ll get seated next to your
“Dude!” Sam half yelled half laughed out as Dean exhaled all his breath in one go and reached for a random half finished bottle of flat beer that was left on the table.
Dean set the water bowl on his nightstand and demanded his brain shut up as he helped the angel out of his coat, jacket, tie, then finally his shirt. The only thing keeping Dean from shivering and seriously questioning his sexuality as each new inch of skin was revealed was how bruised each inch of skin was. Cas moved stiffly and kept his eyes fixed on Dean.
Up ahead, a sleek black car caught his attention. It was pulled off the side of the road at an awkward angle, like the driver had swerved. Castiel rolled to a stop behind it, already pulling out his phone to call for help if needed.
Dean let himself melt slowly into the kiss. He set the spoons down somewhere behind him, then trailed his hands up over Cas’s shoulders and into his hair. It was incredibly soft, much softer than it looked. He tugged slightly at the short strands and Cas didn’t even try to hold back his moan. The sound went straight to Dean’s cock.
“Excuse me,” Dean said, standing and trying to shoulder past him. Cas reached out a hand, grabbing Dean’s arm. His
unfair.
Dean froze. It hadn’t been long, but he already knew that gravelly voice by heart. That was Cas.
>>><<<
Castiel shook his head. “Asking questions means you’re trying to understand. No one gets it the first time, Dean.”
Cas raised an eyebrow, trying hard not to laugh, but stepped into Dean’s hug anyways. His shirt smelled like burnt bread too but his arms were warm and strong. Safe.
“Hey!” He reached out and touched her arm gently to get her attention. She looked at him, clearly relieved. “Come sit with us.” Castiel scooted over, making room between him and Balthazar.
Still not a Tuesday but I'm uncomfortable leaving you guys on such a depressing note for so long.
“Charlie I swear if you don’t leave now I will pick you up and deliver you to her myself.”
But the position was the same and you were quiet and the flashbacks all flooded in and then I couldn’t breathe and now I’ve fucked this up.”
“Heyyy it’s been a while,” Bathazar said, clapping Cas on the shoulder. Dean didn’t move, and Cas thought his perch now seemed oddly protective.
The hallways were empty, and the kitchen tidy. He felt his panic rise even further until he noticed a note folded neatly on the counter.
“You’re actually doing well, Dean. I think you’ll do fine tomorrow if you spend some time going through this stuff on your own tonight.”
Castiel nodded and swung his backpack over one shoulder before walking out, and Dean may or may not have been staring at his mismatched shoes and clinging black jeans as he left.
“Yeah I could eat,” Dean answered, eyeing the sliced strawberries.
When the door clicked shut, Dean finally opened his eyes. His arm was plastered with two square, skin-toned bandages, overlapping slightly but neatly covering the mess of tape and gauze and torn skin beneath them.
Thanks, as always, to casuallyneurotic for the edits!
“Hell no, we’re half an hour out tops. I ain’t stopping to switch,” John answered immediately. Dean was grateful for that, because he honestly didn’t trust himself to keep the car on the road. Not with his pulsing vision and pounding headache.
“Cas,” Dean sighed, sounding exasperated. “I came here to have a good time, not to get grilled.” Dean’s eyes suddenly locked on something behind Cas and he leaned closer.
He looked up. They were all staring at him and he realized with a distant sort of awkwardness that he had been silent for too long. He opened his mouth to explain but nothing came out.
“I should probably leave too.”
situation. The chance of losing his brother forever, to something like
Castiel was warm beneath him, his skin pressing, naked and endless against Dean’s.
He finished his coffee slowly, enjoying the way the light seeped into the sky as the sun climbed higher behind him.
“I’m going to head out.”
“You good, Dean?” John asked, flicking his eyes briefly to his eldest son. For a moment, Dean debated telling him that no, he was far from good, it felt like his bones were on fire and someone had blended up his brains and poured them back into his skull, but even as he thought of saying it he knew it was pointless. There was nothing his dad could or would do about it. There was nothing to stitch, nothing left to pop back into place, so there was nothing to fix.
“YES. That’s such a good idea!” Balthazar agreed enthusiastically. “We should start with the waterslide. I’ll go first!”
As he drove home that night, he wondered if he had contributed anything to the audience energy. Was he part of the lilting melody or was he part of the heavy crashes and deafening booms.
“Dean I am so SO sorry. I changed my mind. I don’t need to hunt. I swear I won’t ever bother you about it again, if you promise to never disappear like that,” Cas breathed out in a rush against Dean’s neck. Dean smelled like salt. Sweat. One sharp thing after another. But Cas didn’t care. He wouldn’t let him go if he was offered all the world.
“You went because you’re worried about your brother,” Cas said.
Dean nodded after a heavy moment, but Cas couldn’t tell if he agreed with him or if he was trying to convince himself. He leaned in and tipped his forehead to rest against Dean’s. They stayed that way, just breathing, and the tension bled out of them both. Dean went loose and pliant against him, so Cas shifted, laying them both down.
John opened his hand wider in a single sharp movement, and Dean didn’t need words to know what that order meant. He reached up, ignoring his throbbing shoulder, and grasped his dad’s hand with his smaller one.
“You really didn’t have to make lunch Cas.”
Cas looked at his brother from across the table, startled. Had he really been so preoccupied lately that he forgot to mention
“Cas,” Gabriel said, nearly ghostlike from behind him. He reached out and laid a hand on Castiel’s bare shoulder. Cas flinched away from the touch.
“Cas please…oh god somebody please..”
“NO. Not like a bird” Cas squinted up at Dean accusingly.
Sam looked back at Dean, who nodded, then turned and ran to meet his friend.
Dean clenched his jaw. If this was John’s reaction to a stubborn disobedience, to Dean doing what
“You’re sick,” Hannah added, looking properly grossed out.
“Shut up, Dean, it’s
“Wow,” Raphael snorted. “I feel so under appreciated.”
“Hmmm,” Cas stalled. “I want full rights to 75% of the cookies baked tonight.”
From off to the side came the sound of a picture being snapped at the same time as Hazel tackled them, joining the dog pile.
Cas took down two glasses from the cabinet and filled them with water before setting them down at the table.
of that was unbearable.
It flew back, but snarled angrily and was back on Dean as soon as he had managed to stand. It threw a hard punch, which Dean caught in his sternum. His ribs rattled and his lungs spazzed. The Crocotta took the stunned second to rake its claws over Dean’s thigh, tearing through his jeans. Blood welled up.
“Dean!”
The woman took his coins, handed back his change, and filled a huge paper cup with coffee. She pushed the lid down firmly, slid a sleeve onto it, then set it on the counter. Dean gave her a small grateful smile and made his way to a squashy chair just behind a little wall. There was a low table, so he swung his backpack off and set it down, leaning back to sip the coffee.
Cas had bordered on frigid as an angel, and maybe that outlook softened a little when he became human, but Cas still hadn’t given any hints that he wanted the same thing Dean desperately longed for. The hollow ache in Dean’s chest seemed like it was here to stay.
–  I’m so sorry, just
Cas looked down and realized he was indeed wearing clothes. He guided Dean to the counter and leaned him against it as he quickly stripped down to his boxers.
It was very late into the night when their party of three decided to brave the walk home. Benny and Dean walked with Charlie, whose small but cozy place was closest to the beach, then Dean parted ways with Benny halfway between his apartment and the residence buildings.
He took another sip from his cup and glanced up at the sky, where two stars winked down at him, powerful enough to cut through the light pollution.
From far away, part of Dean felt his fingers being pried open. The weight of the knife being lifted away.
Dean nodded to Benny, who was sitting with his bag at his feet and his damp towel slung around his neck.
“Look at them. Sam has stitches. Dean’s moving like he’s older than I am.”
Castiel pulled another glass from the counter and wiped around it’s rim even though it was already sparkling clean. He knew the mark of a good bartender was to always look busy, and damn if he wasn’t a good bartender. He switched out the glass and gave the teeny bar a cursory glance.
“Uh, hi Dean,” Sam answered from the other line. “Are you busy?”
“Well then time must flow differently when you’re hungry because according to my watch, you’re late.”
“Me,” Cas explained. “I’m his problem. He
Bobby set his fork down and flattened both palms on the table. “Excuse me?”
Cas added in his mind. Looking at the man though, Castiel couldn’t imagine a single sinister thing about him. He looked tired, worn down and abused; like he had had his fair share of misery in life. Besides. He couldn’t be more than what, 19? 20?
He thought of that first broken night in the bar when Dean had been so young and lost, then how he had watched him grit his teeth and tend to his own injuries as if he knew there was nobody else on his side to do it for him. Then, years later, that disorienting and somewhat thrilling meeting in a strip club of all places. Cas could kick himself for it now. He never would have let Dean walk away if he knew that Hell was real. He thought bitterly to the broken shell of a man he had found, by chance, dirty and disoriented in the middle of a forest.
Castiel smirked. “I told you I was good. Do you feel better?”
“Starving,” Cas said immediately, swimming over to the ladder. He gripped the cool metal and pulled himself out, then ran straight to the table, trusting that Balthazar and Hannah were right behind him, which they were.
the hospital, but they were on a hunt now. Couldn’t be too careful.
And so Dean did. Anna was calling out limbs and colours and no matter the angle, Dean absolutely refused to give up. They ended with Cas bent like a bridge, desperately trying to keep his butt off the ground. Dean was hovering completely over him, and as he reached his left hand to the furthest red dot, they both came crashing down.
“Seriously Dean? We have just over 24 hours to figure this out and you run away to a strip club?” The guy sounded annoyed and the pieces shifted closer together for Cas. Sammy. So this was the famed younger brother.
Dean drank his beer slowly, leaning on the armrest of a couch and scanning the crowd. Usually he would be looking for a hookup, some pretty girl or the occasional guy who happened to also be looking for a hookup. Tonight though, ten minutes passed, then twenty, and nobody looked even remotely intriguing. A petite brunette in a loose green dress flirtatiously grabbed his hand and asked him to come dance, but Dean gave her a polite smile and refused.
“You were shivering and I didn’t want to wake you by getting up…” He said sheepishly
Dean looked at him for a moment before a blush spread over his cheeks. “Sorry. That was- god what a night.” Dean set the mug down on the counter and scrubbed a hand roughly over his face.
Dean squeezed his side, hoping he knew he didn’t have to go on, but Cas took a deep breath and continued anyways.
“What are your plans for the day?”
Cas slid back into the kitchen in his socks, refilled his coffee mug, then pulled a notebook out of his backpack. He checked the time on the microwave and saw that he had half an hour before he really needed to get ready for school.
“Shut up or I’ll gut you,” growled a voice that was much too close for Cas’s liking. He tried to shift his weight onto his feet but he was strung up too high. The chains rattled loudly and his heart leapt straight into his throat.
“I am so sorry.” Cas managed to choke out before he snapped out of the room.
“...Okay?”
“Nice to see Cassie’s finally found himself a boy toy.”
Cas had a moment of blind relief when he was free, but it lasted only as long as it took for his body to drop to the ground. It was jarring, and he found with a spike of panic that he didn’t have the energy to stand.
“There’s just too much to feel,” he said, sounding slightly horrified. “I’m lost, like everything is floating away and I don’t even know if it’s okay to be happy, but it also feels like it’s not okay to be sad. I’m just floating in between and I don’t know how to stop.”
“All is forgiven,” Sean answered thickly. He put one meaty hand on Raul’s neck. “Go grab the big bowl,” He said softly into his ear. Cas’s heart dropped but Raul only nodded quickly and scampered off.
to come up for a breath.
“Sure,” Dean croaked, immediately embarrassed about how ruined his voice sounded.
“It’s fine. I’ll wash it out in the shower.”
“A bath isn’t to get clean. It’s to relax.”
“Sorry Cas, I’m seriously sorry, but we have to talk.”
Dean hummed thoughtfully when the bandage was off.
“NOPE,” Cas interrupted. “Don’t want to know.”
“Not weird. Creative in a way that’s probably way over my head.” He leaned in for a kiss and Cas took a very distinct step back.
Dean dug his hand down, grabbed hold of something at random, and came up with a purple and blue turtle. He presented it to Cas, who laughed and hugged it immediately. The sky was mostly dark now and the park was lit with strings of bare bulbs. The fake lighting made Cas’s hair look tinted with gold, and Dean had a hard time tearing his eyes away.
“I forgive you. If it helps, I forgive you,” he said softly. Dean looked at him again with wide, watery eyes, like he couldn't quite believe that he would be getting off this easy. It made Cas ache. Made him rage at whatever path in life had taught Dean that forgiveness couldn’t sometimes be free.
He turned and
– it wasn’t likely that he was going to share his life story with Castiel any time soon. Maybe not at all, Cas thought, stomach sinking.
“I was!” Cas immediately defended. “But things splash around.”
Cas grinned and wound his arms behind Dean’s back, pressing him backwards until he bumped into the counter.
When four more days brought no news, Cas took another day off. He surfed the web for weird accidents. Called police stations about a black Impala. Contacted every hospital in a 100 mile radius to see if they had any John Does.
Cas quirked an eyebrow at how precise Dean was being and wondered vaguely if this was some elaborate joke. Maybe another one of his monster stories.
(See the end of the chapter for
This one was actually a bit hard to write as I didn't want to reveal exactly what they bought for the kids cause Christmas Day is of course a chapter I will be writing
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Hopefully the next one will be a bit longer cause these past few ones have been quite a bit shorter... whoops
The dog will appear in a couple chapters in here. They left him back home with a sitter... and not because I forgot about him  in the first chapter or anything
This chapter is brought to you by the strong toffee wax I have in the warmer next to my desk which was all i could smell the entire time.
Jack nods with a bright dopey looking smile that would make anyone who saw him think that the kid had been offered candy instead. Eileen sits back down in her chair, huffing slightly as she settles back and holds her hand out. Jack drops down to his knees, eyes wide as she lays his hand over her stomach, fascination sparkling in his eyes.
“Yeah they do that,” Sam chuckles and rests his hand on his wife’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
After the bath, Charlie seems much happier, swinging her legs off the edge of the counter as Sam helps her tug the top to her honeycomb pajamas over her head before smoothing the wet lanks of his niece’s hair out of her eyes. Eileen knocks on the door jamb softly, leaning against it and holding out a soft green sweater that Sam recognizes as being one of Cas’.
“No,” She crosses her arms and scrunches up her little button nose in disgust and Sam just rolls his eyes, diving towards his niece. He catches her around the waist before she can run, tossing her over his shoulder as she yells. She kicks out her legs, knees digging into his chest and her hands tangling into his hair and yanking viciously. He gasps and very nearly drops her accidentally. Charlie was just the sweetest little kid when her parents were around but when they weren’t, she became the embodiment of their worst traits; sullen, stubborn, and vicious. It made babysitting hard and it was something Dean and Cas were still working on with her.
This one's a bit shorter but oh well. I wanted some fluff that was a little more couplely
Yes I am going to insert cute parents moments into nearly every chapter... whoops. I just can't help myself guys.
Also yes Dean isn't drinking... it's a plot point in the au that he gets sober.
(See the end of the chapter for
The former angel in question stands under the branches of a partially bare tree that likely won’t sell that winter, if ever. His bottom lip is caught between his teeth as he peers up the tree, head tilted to the side. On his hip, he’s braced their eighteen month old son, who has apparently decided that chewing on the puff balls hanging from his own hat are more interesting… that or he’s just hungry. Either way Dean can’t blame the kid. They’d hit Lebanon late last night and so hadn’t discovered until the morning that the Men of Letters were severely lacking in holiday decorations. So before Dean could even think about making breakfast, Cas had them out and going to every shop that might have anything moderately festive. That was two hours ago.
“They’ll be back,” Eileen says, grabbing her niece’s hands. “Sometimes parents just need some time for themselves but that doesn’t mean they love you any less. And that also doesn’t mean you can act like this. You don’t want your parents to be mad do you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
But also like this one barely fits into the prompt but that was because I couldn't use the original outline I had made for this chapter and had to write the first thing I could think of... which for some reason was 'sam's misadventures in babysitting'...it's also not christmasy at all... whoops XD
So my work schedule has changed quite a bit and with stuff going on in my personal life as well, I'm finding it very hard to keep up with this story so I think I'm only going to write the chapters for Christmas Day and New Year's Eve and for every other day, just post a summary of what was meant to happen in that prompt had I actually written it. If I have time, I'll try and write the actual chapters but that's unlikely at this point and I apologize.
Also thank you to everyone who has left comments so far. I may not reply to them all but I love and appreciate each one :)
There’s a loud fluttering sound, followed by the clatter of tennis shoes on the metal grating of the balcony and making everyone look up. Leaning from the railing with a big smile plastered across his face is Jack. He’s seven now but looks much the same as he did in the few years of his life. Dean has wondered more than once if the kid will ever physically age but in a way it’s almost comforting that every year, Jack remains exactly the same; a constant in their usually uneasy and chaotic life.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas and Eileen bond
One: This is about half an hour late... whoops. I was really busy today and actually considered not even uploading this until the morning
I may have also used part of this chapter to reveal Robbie's full name. I tried to include it in the dialogue in the last chapter but it just didn't work out. He's named after Bobby and Benny
Look at me actually posting a chapter before 10 at night. Also fun fact I had no idea it actually snowed in Kansas until I decided to look it up while halfway through writing this
“You have to take a bath.”
I really tried to write this all but things happened once again, I'm nearly half an hour late on this and just too tired to continue so the first little bit is written and the rest is a summary
“Come on Charlie. Don’t you want to help your uncle Sam?” Sam pleads with the five year old as she stands barefoot in the middle of the room, her face scrunched up in a scowl. In the moment he sees so much of Dean’s stubbornness in her narrowed hazel eyes  under the tangled mess of her dark hair. He sighs and straightens from where he’s kneeling on the concrete floor of Dean’s bedroom.
Also I had no idea how to end this one...
This one is a little shorter then the others but I think I finally got over the slump I got into when I got sick.
I've been going through a bit of a depressive slump due to stress from work but things are finally beginning to calm down and I'm hoping to be able to actual write the next two prompts. Fingers crossed
One I'm super early with this today so yay!
The little girl beams and lets her aunt drop it over her head. It’s baggy, hanging way past her knees but she giggles, wrapping her arms around herself and burying her head into it.
“Would you like to feel?” She signs as she speaks, a habit she’s gotten into since Dean expressed an interest in learning.
Sorry to everyone who happens to be following this but I took a mental health day for myself and didn't write anything for this prompt. My idea was them just basically taking a trip in Lebanon for a small winter fair and there would be maybe a light show or some kind of mini play or something to that effect. I just couldn't write today however there will be new chapter tomorrow so I'll still keep the ball rolling with this story.
(See the end of the chapter for
I apologize if this one sucks. I'm very tired and not really in the right headspace to write but I really wanted to keep going with this challenge
“Jack!,” Charlie calls as she clambers out of her papa’s lap, one fur-lined boot catching Cas on the knee as she rushes to get to her adopted brother. He catches her at the bottom of the stairs, swinging her up on one arm as she shrieks with laughter. Jack spins her around once before plopping her back down on her feet and opening his arms to everyone else. He pauses, however, when he gets to Eileen.
So this is the end and I really wanted to write it but I really lost motivation and time and dealt with so much stress. I might incorporate some of this stuff into another fic tbh. This is also set after a future au fic that I plan to get up in a month or two. It'll be much better written and edited. It's also a case fic with an actual plot. It's actually the event referenced in one of the earlier chapters when Jody is talking to Dean. So if you liked this then maybe look forward to that?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay Aunt ‘Leen” Charlie hugs Eileen quickly, laying a soft kiss on her cheek before going over to Sam and hugging him too as she apologizes.
Back to the summaries. Sorry
Two: The plot of this one... if you could call it that... really got away from me so here have a bit of exposition to the future au I haven't written yet and a motherly conversation by Jody
The girl pouts, her hazel eyes beginning to fill with tears. “Daddy and Papa left me here.”
Eileen signs to him as soon as the toddler is down, walking over and laying her hand on the opposite shoulder to Charlie. The little girl in question is still trying to wiggle her way out of his arms, tugging again at his hair. Sam just huffs and lets Charlie down, dropping his head into his hands as the five year old scrambles away.
Cas swaps Robbie to his other hip, resting his newly freed hand on his chin. He swirls his wedding band with his thumb as he scans the farm, seemingly having not heard Dean at all until he turns to give the taller man one of his bright and gummy smiles. “I think I’ve found our tree anyway.”
I had a lot of trouble writing this for some reason but it was a lot of fun. I just kind of realized they really don't tell Jody much and they don't have the best communication so I just ran with that.
If you notice any mistakes, feel free to point them out cause I'm only lightly editing these before posting
Charlie shakes her head quickly, biting her lip.
“Why don’t you wear this Charlie? I don’t think your papa would mind.”
“Then you should say sorry to your uncle and let him give you a bath.”
When I asked my best friend for a prompt this wasn't what I was expecting but I actually really like how this came out... and I have it posted before 10 pm so yay!!
(See the end of the chapter for
, Eileen signs, smiling at Sam.
When I made the outline two days ago, this prompt was the hardest to figure out what I wanted from it so I feel like this one might be mediocre but I wanted a moment for Cas and Eileen to bond and also a chance to actually figure out Eileen's character since I've never written her before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Today didn't work out to write the whole chapter but the last prompt is going to be a full actual chapter no matter what
Of course he didn’t want it dumbass, he needed to heal. Thats why he ran away when you touched him again last night.
Dean was tense, pacing. Skin zinging and buzzing with anxiety. Cas didn’t know Sam when he had a soul, but even so he could tell that things had broken a little between him Dean since he lost it. The pain of that was not lessened when Sam chose to hunt with his grandfather, leaving his bother behind.
“So what have you been up to?” Gabriel asked, pulling him from his thoughts. Cas locked eyes on Gabriel, glad to have somewhere safe to look. Gabriel snapped his fingers and a floater brought Cas a chilled beer.
Samuel glanced obviously around the tidy kitchen and book filled living room. “Nice place you’ve settled down in.” The way he said it made it clear exactly what he thought of a man who settled down.
He had three more personal training sessions lined up for that morning, and by the time he finished, he was itching to call Cas. He forced himself to shower and change before pulling out his phone. His heart leapt at the sight of a text from Cas.
“Well what are you doing here then?” Dean asked, bringing his forearms to rest on Castiel’s shoulders. The position was by no means uncomfortable, but Cas was especially grateful because everyone else skirted around them now, not wanting to interrupt.
“Can Dean and I go out?” Sam asked, words tumbling over each other in his excitement. The kid was practically buzzing.
There was nothing else this could be...not with the dark, thick, distinct finger marks circling his neck, the two dark blotches over his trachea.
“Free kick,” the referee said shortly, dropping the ball in front of Dean. He lined himself up, considering where he wanted to aim, then took a couple steps back and ran forward, faking a lower right aim and then kicking the ball hard. It sailed up over the players dotting the field, past the outstretched arms of the goalie, and sunk deep into the top left corner of the net.
“I guess it
Dean shifted back against the tub and dropped his hands in his lap, and that’s when Cas saw it. On Dean’s right forearm, there were two deep slash marks, both bleeding profusely, both filled with glass. He pressed the inside of his elbow to his mouth to try and cover his heave, but Dean noticed it anyways.
“Well great,” Dean said with a flutter in his chest. “Meet you there?”
What he doesn’t remember is how many people he had hurt. Had he killed anyone? Had he killed Sam? Cas?
“Technically its my magic you are using but —“
John, for all it was worth, turned to look at him from the side of his eye with an amused smirk.
Dean thought with wonder. He wanted to know more about this boy with the dazzling eyes and mismatched shoes, but the prof was moving ahead, already outlining the books they would be going over this term, and Dean dutifully zoned into the lesson.
“He’ll be in the paediatric wing, Castiel. I think you’ll know him when you see him,” Sam said as they approached the main hospital entrance. The doors slid open in front of them, and Cas had a million more questions but no opportunity to ask them. He was ushered into the middle of the emergency room, and Dean made a tiny hand signal to Sam before they disappeared down a hallway.
Those three words
“I picked the first place I saw,” Dean answered darkly, tipping back two more shots one after another.
“Get some sleep Dean. I’ll be at the counter studying.”
himself. It was already clear to him that Dean was defensive about not understanding the concept, and he’d just added gas to the flames. He scrambled to move on, hoping he hadn’t ruined things completely.
Dean grinned and took a drink from his beer. “Yeah nobody throws a party quite like Cole can. Tryouts are tomorrow though, he should survive until then.”
“Thank you Dean for touching my wings.”
“So who is your valentine?”
Dean let his eyes slip closed, expecting a kiss, but Cas huffed out a little laugh and stood up instead. He took his camera out of its case again and jogged once more towards the water to photograph the sinking sun.
After Sam takes a tumble into Hell with Lucifer, Dean goes on a bit of a tailspin. Instead of heading to Lisa's, he ends up with Cas.
Dean’s hand came up to cover his face, and even from a distance, Cas could see his shoulders shake. He pushed away from the wall and was walking across the field without really thinking about it.
Somehow, Dean managed to put the date out of his mind and get through both his classes and soccer practice. Only when he had stepped out of the shower and was standing in his room, towel around his waist, did reality hit.
Dean finished editing his assignment by 10, and prepared both his lunch and his bag for tomorrow. It was late enough to excusably go to bed, so he changed into pyjamas and crawled under the covers. He inhaled deeply, pleasantly surprised that the pillows still smelled like Cas. He set his alarm for 6 the next morning, and was so exhausted that he dropped off to sleep within minutes. He had barely nodded off before the nightmares gripped him.
Coach Mills walked towards them slowly, scribbling on her clipboard.
“I don’t have much going on tonight anyways. Try me.”
The situation suddenly didn’t seem so funny. The sidewalk didn’t seem so warm. Dean did not want him. Whatever had happened earlier, the laughter, the kissing, it must have been an act. The realization made him feel dirty all of a sudden. Like he had somehow
“Sorry Cas, I’m gonna need a little more than that.”
Dean watched the child, who was now singing a nursery rhyme in a slightly more childish version of Batman’s voice.
He went to bed feeling like he was floating through space.
“Don’t move. You’re okay but don’t move.”
Cas towelled dry and put on his pants, then headed back to his room, intending to put on a playlist and maybe get some of his chemistry readings done. He was scrolling through the music on his phone when a straight black line appeared on his thumb.
Castiel could
On his next run down the field, Benny briefly caught Dean’s gaze. His eyes looked exhausted but he was grinning like a madman.
There was a small wooded area behind it, and that’s where they headed once they had picked up their weapons. Dean held his gun tightly, was hyper aware of the knife dangling from his belt, the press of an extra rock salt magazine under his waistband.
Dean took a small sip and had to admit that it was bearable when immediately washed down with strong alcohol. In the future however, he wouldn’t mind sticking with beer.
“I uh —“ Cas faltered. He looked at Dean pleadingly, as if unsure of what to blame his miraculous progress on. Dean shot him a pointed look.
In the end, he raided the fridge for some vegetables, and methodically chopped the ingredients to make his famous kitchen sink soup.
Gabriel raised his hands in surrender and gathered their plates. He set them in the sink and rinsed them off while Cas went to the doorway and put on his shoes. He stood there, leaning against the wall, and pulled out his phone while he waited for Gabriel.
They broke into a run, capes billowing behind them, and only stopped once they reached the entrance to the corn maze. A scrawny teenage girl dressed as a scarecrow handed them a slip of paper on which she wrote the time.
“Oh, my god you two are adorable,” Gabriel cooed. Cas picked up the nearest pancake and whipped it at his brother. It hit him square in the chest and dropped to the ground. Gabriel gasped dramatically.
“What the
Cas opened his eyes and carefully leaned up on an elbow.
Sooooo I found a place! I'm moving in a week and a half and honestly guys, it has been a rough ride. There has been a lot of pushback, and way too many moments where I questioned if I was doing the right thing. The situation seemed to be getting better, which was mostly why I was confused if it was all in my head, but the last few days shit hit the fan again and I realize now that this isn't going to resolve itself so easily. I'm moving about three hours away, literally into the woods up in cottage country. Got a new job, and everything will be changing. I'll be starting from scratch, furniture, towels, pots, you name it. That being said, I feel so light. So much happier about this. I look forward to being safe in my own space and having me all to myself. Having control over my body and my time. Thank you to everyone who supported me and wished me well, you've given me strength and courage to take this step. A couple more days and it will be done. Thank you also for being patient with me while I get my life in order. I love writing, but god knows every time I sat down to do it crisis arose. Love you all!
“See you in class Monday?” Castiel asked
“I’m doing well, just hanging out with some friends.”
“We have brownies.”
The opposing team looked menacing dressed entirely in bright red, and they won the first kickoff, but the game pretty much went downhill for them from there. Gordon stole the ball and weaved it between another players legs, passed it to Kevin, who kicked it hard across the field to Azazel, who sunk it straight into the net.
made it okay for such a simple touch to light such a
about hunting. Hell, he would have sworn never to touch a single lore book for the rest of his life, to never even
“Dean I am so glad you came,” Cas said softly by his ear, relieved in a way that said he really thought Dean might not come.
him. Not when you bring him home at
It went
Dean made a face at him and Cas made a more ridiculous face back before he headed over the counter. Dean sat in the chair again, letting his head drop into his hand as he watched Cas. He was wearing his mismatched shoes again. The blue and purple ones. Dean’s heart did a flip.
“Woah. No.
Cas pulled away and looked at him with a bright grin. “You like them?”
“Of course. Anything,” Dean breathed back, eyes open and honest. And Cas believed him, because they were there now. The week after his stay in the hospital had been packed with adjustments, so they hadn’t actually gotten around to having much fun in bed, but they had gotten to know each other better than Cas had ever gotten to know anyone before, and somehow that meant even more.
doubt now that Castiel was meant for him, and that
Weeks passed. Very busy weeks, Cas reasoned as he ignored yet another Winchester prayer.
“No.” This was taking
“Dean,” Cas gasped out, reaching, transfixed, for one of the few patches of smooth freckled skin that was left. His thumb brushed against the skin and Dean flinched away, eyes wide.
Dean rolled his eyes and slid the mask on. From the cut openings, he could see Cas grin at him.
“Whenever I’ve needed to clean my body, I’ve used the shower. A bath seems counterintuitive. Are you not simply sitting in dirty water?”
He clenched his jaw and went back to his own test, mind reeling. Something
“Sorry sorry I’m listening I promise.”
“Do you think mom would help us if she were here?” He missed his mom. He missed her soft hair and the way she smelled and how she always cut the crusts off his sandwiches. He would happily give away every single one of his army men for one last hug from her.
He barely noticed the throb in his left arm, paid no attention to the worrying amount of blood pouring onto his pants.
“Uh,” Dean said stupidly. “I’ve been to a movie theatre but its not quite the same..”
“You piece of shit,” John snarled, standing fluidly. He looked down at Dean with a searing hatred in his eyes, then kicked out again. Hard.
“I just mean you’re all fancy now with your furthermores and finallys.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed out worriedly. Cas was standing over his open dresser, already in pyjamas and holding a spare pair in one hand but looking at them like he didn’t quite know what to do with them. The crash in his mood from what it had been downstairs just a few minutes ago was startling.
“Can we do something?” Cas asked.
Every time Dean managed to give Sam a normal childhood experience, it felt like a victory. Like he had won the war.
Cas stared down at him for a shocked moment before he realized he was standing over an actively bleeding person. Oh and the neighbours were also probably watching.
There was a tiny sliver of sun visible and Dean decided from far off that he should probably get home and grab his schoolbag before classes started. He took his time on both the walk home and the walk to campus, and by the time he made it to his forensic biology lecture, he was only ten minutes early. He pulled out his phone to text Benny.
“Don’t forget to lock up.”
Double update coming up! Thank you for all your patience these last two weeks…I’ve been super distracted caring for all the Covid babies. Now I’m sick and stuck in bed because it turns out children like to look up at you under your visor and sneeze right into your eyeballs. In light of this, I’ve decided to do a 10 prompts in 10 days challenge and force myself to get the creativity going. I would really really appreciate your help, so if you have a prompt for me (literally about anything Supernatural related. I will also open it up to those in the Sherlock fandom) then please comment it below or DM it to my Instagram @oneofawall. Love you all and I can’t wait to hear from you!
“John?” Bobby asked, icily demanding an explanation with just his intonation.
“I won’t,” Dean interrupted him darkly. “If that’s how you feel then I won’t show up anymore. Sorry for disturbing you.”
The drive to the beach was short, and Dean pulled the impala onto the packed sand just as the sun was starting to dip below the water.
“So. Cas came,” He said before the door had even clicked shut.
Cas wanted to know each story, and perhaps one day he would ask, but Dean was nearly writhing beneath him and to drag this out now would be cruel.
“You couldn’t even finish one pizza, where’s the boasting now?”
“Sounds good to me,” Dean pitched in.
“You guys aren’t gonna get your asses out there?”
“Cas, its not that simple.”
stupid. I have no idea what it’s even asking,” he said darkly. His hand tightened around his pencil until Cas thought it might break. For some reason, though, the anger in his voice didn’t really scare Castiel anymore. It was pretty clear that Dean’s frustration wasn’t really directed at
The thrill of it was rushing through his body even before he reached his hand out and grasped Cas’s, sending an electric shock of sensation up his arm. Cas hauled him upright with surprising strength, and no, Dean definitely did
“Which… part?” Castiel asked blankly.
“It’s a friend’s birthday but I think he’s…occupied.”
“You got it boss” Dean saluted.
had such clear proof of the existence of his soulmate. Had never really had the bumps and bruises and scrape tattoos that Sam got. Or maybe he did, but he never slowed down enough to notice them. He had lived his whole life thinking he was destined to be alone, and now here it was; words, so clear. Their meaning left no room for debate.
Dean looked over, amused, and noticed first that the class had mostly filled up, and second that the boy was unnaturally gorgeous. He was trying to catch his breath and pull a notebook out of his shoulder bag at the same time.
scrambled, which was probably why he turned the corner and smacked straight into Charlie, whose books crashed to the ground.
“Nope,” Dean answered, popping the end of the word. “I’m getting dragged to Hell.” Dean said it like he was informing Cas of a dentist appointment he had to go to; something mildly unpleasant but also unavoidable.
“Shut up dude. And stay on your side of the net. You’re in enemy territory,” Dean shot back.
“Can I walk you to school?” Dean asked, gesturing to the door.
some of the things he said. He really
Cas grinned. “Yeah, I know.” His aunt never seemed to quite get the hang of technology. No matter how many times it was explained to her, she still didn’t believe in caller ID.
“I found my soulmate,” Cas finally whispered. His voice didn’t sound like his own. The story didn’t sound like his.
“So it’s settled then. We raid the first burger joint we can find,” Azazel said firmly.
He loved him as he searched years for him in hell, singeing his wings and sullying them with the gore of all the demons he slaughtered. He loved him more as he drew nearer to the pulsing warmth of his soul. He loved him yet more when he finally found his soul, despite the fact that it was ripped to shreds.
“Hunting. Out. Away. I can’t stay Cas. I can’t. It’s just too dangerous. Anything I touch, anyone I get close to, anyone I love, they end up dead, and I can’t be responsible for that anymore.”
Just then the professor cleared her throat and began the morning’s lecture. Dean went silent out of respect and was soon absorbed with the lesson. A few minutes in, Cas slid a piece of paper his way.
Benny and his team jogged slowly to the centre as well, in surprisingly high spirits for having just lost. Some satisfyingly good plays had happened, leaving everyone feeling victorious.
The sight of Bobby’s front door was like seeing the finish line after a marathon. Dean leaned heavily against it and tried the knob, surprised when it opened easily. He half walked half stumbled inside, making way more noise than he normally would have.
Dean thought immediately of mismatched shoes, piercing blue eyes, and a black mop of hair. The swoop in his chest surprised even him, and it stung slightly to know that he didn’t know the boy’s name and might never see him again. Classes were huge, one person could easily get lost.
He kissed down to a nipple, and there. That was the spot that made Dean gasp and fist the sheets. Cas licked, then blew over the flushed skin, making Dean groan and arch up again under him. The hard line of him was obvious now through his thin pyjama bottoms, and Cas was feeling the same effect, but not yet. There was so much more to be done before they got there.
“I want you,” Dean gasped out. It was crazy that he couldn’t say it outright. They were
Dean tried to catch his breath. He started to say something, maybe a cheesy
“I’m sorry,” Dean said once his throat had loosened enough to let the words pass. They tumbled from him without his permission.
to come? Dean cursed quietly and scrambled off the bed to his bag, hoping and praying. He dug around and
“I know, we look nothing alike,” he gestured between himself and his brothers, both with light skin and blue eyes. “I was adopted.”
“You wouldn’t believe me,” Dean croaked out after a long pause. And that was as close to the truth as he could get.
Cas forced himself to breathe steadily. He would be calm, cool, collected. The perfect picture of grace and manliness and stability. He would explain to Dean how he felt and Dean would laugh it off and maybe even give him a playful punch on the shoulder, Dean style.
Does this just happen to me or do other writers get that thing where their brain decides to switch tenses halfway through and then you have to go back and reword everything...I'm definitely not bitter about it.
“You can hold onto me Cas. I won’t float anywhere.”
“I’m not dead, so I guess that’s a good thing,” Dean deflected. The only problem was that his tone made it clear he didn’t think it was a good thing. Castiel wanted to punch something for the unfairness that was called life. The urge surprised him. He was usually quite collected.
“Wait.” Cas said hurriedly
Castiel gently shut his textbook and dropped the newly dulled pencil onto his notebook. He leaned back in the kitchen chair, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes to stop the numbers from floating around. Calculus was a literal bitch.
Now it was Cas’s turn to look confused. “You are not repulsed by me?”
“Cas ate it!”
“Yeah well Benny is a nice guy.”
Sure, he had many more marks than the usual nicks and scratches everyone else normally sported, but he found that if he shrugged and chose not to explain himself, people wouldn’t bother to ask about them twice. He had no answers to give anyways.
“Closed when you’re standing, open when you sit,” Benny explained.
Cas raised his head, looking shocked. “Scandalous,” he gasped in a bad accent from who knows where. Dean laughed and moved to push Cas off of him, but Cas flopped his head again, a dead weight. He reached one arm under his blanket and produced his worn copy of Gatsby from beneath the folds.
“Ouuuuuu, Dean’s got a girlfriend!” Azazel jeered loudly right by his ear. Dean clicked the phone off and jerked it away, but Azazel had already read what he needed.
“It was with family. The heartache and the bliss, you know how it is.”
“We’ll catch you guys later,” Dean said, quickly grabbing Cas’s hand and tugging him away.
“Oh. Never mind you probably should be with your team celebrating.” Cas awkwardly ran his free hand through his hair.
“Hey mom,” Cas said quietly as he added his handful to the pile. “I hope you’re doing well. Happy and whatnot. We just stopped by to say hi.” He trailed his fingers over the top of the headstone and stepped back. Dean’s heart squeezed, hearing the tightness in his voice.
Dean felt a spike of anxiety telling him this was the end. Cas would have him and leave him. He squashed the feeling down, trying to convince himself that Cas wasn’t like that. He had stuck around this long, maybe he would stick around afterwards too. He didn’t quite believe it, but the heat in his gut didn’t let him think for very long. He tugged Cas’s shirt up and off and that was the end of his control.
>>><<<
felt a flicker of hope. Some light at the end of this seemingly endless tunnel.
“What about him? He still dodging your calls?”
As he massaged his slick fingers over each feather individually, it lost its complete inky blackness and developed an almost blue sheen to it. It was mesmerizing watching the wings come to life under his hands.
Dean huffed and slid the burnt buns in the compost bin. He sighed deeply, back to Cas, and when he turned to face him again he had a sarcastically cheery look on his face.
Dean’s fingers hovered over the keyboard, debating what to type.
“Fine,” Dean snapped, half angry half hurt. “If you want to learn then go right the fuck ahead. But you won’t be learning from me. I won’t be the one who shoved you headfirst into danger.”
Dean smirked. Cas looked ruined.
Each rough inhale burned in the pleasant way that only running can cause, and just as he felt he was going to burst from exertion, his watch gave two quiet beeps, signalling that it was time to turn around and head home if he wanted to be ready in time for his first class.
Cas seemed to grow at the praise and Dean found himself taking a step forward, just to be closer to that radiant smile. He might have imagined it, but Cas’s eyes flicked down to his lips for a brief second before he took a deep breath and pushed his hands into his pockets.
“You are so
for a chance to look through Cas’s photos. It was highly possible that he wouldn’t understand them a single bit better than he understood the negatives, but even those had revealed a lot about Cas. He couldn’t imagine what entire albums would show him.
Dean’s stomach lurched. Part of him was relieved, part of him felt like a caged bird. Which was stupid, because he wanted Cas to come over, but somehow the confirmation that he really was coming made Dean even more jittery.
Dean let out a deep sigh, like he couldn’t believe Sam was asking this of him, but Cas caught the shift in his demeanour. He felt the slight tremor in his fingers that hadn’t been there before. Whatever Sam wanted him to do, something was seriously wrong.
Dean got some satisfaction in watching the yelling match between the player and the referee, who pulled out a red flag and smirked as he watched the player storm off the field.
Hey all,
Dean twisted harshly and freed one hand from Castiel’s grip, but thats as far as he got before something sharp and stinging plunged into the side of his neck.
“I think some of the boys are on the hay ride. We can catch the next one.”
“It’s freezing outside,” Cas said numbly. The man looked up at him like he had never heard a more stupid comment.
“No, I was going to get it from the library before soccer practice today, hopefully start reading after practice,” Dean explained.
His body was
He returned briefly to Dean’s lips, kissing him properly this time, allowing Dean to deepen the kiss and explore his mouth. When he broke away, Dean’s hair was a mess, and he noted with a smirk of satisfaction that he must have been responsible for that.
Dean let out a hollow laugh. “
The fight ended just as suddenly as their ambush had started. Cas crouched low to the ground and Sam leaned heavily against a wall, both men breathing hard.
“Got a needle and thread?” Dean asked once he noticed Cas watching him.
“Oh god yes,” Cas groaned immediately from above him. Dean smirked and removed his fingers to roll on his own condom, making Cas whine at the loss. He tore open the foil with a soft snick and rolled the thing on with one hand while he moved up Cas’s body and lined himself up with the other. Cas tugged him down for a hot open mouthed kiss and Dean sunk into him, inch by inch.
Dean brushed the crumbs off his hands and pulled his uniform out of his bag. He was early and nobody else was here yet, but he didn’t mind setting up for their usual pre-practice drills and maybe getting a few laps in first.
“Bingo,” He whispered, making a beeline straight towards it.
Dean was awake and in a cold sweat for a few horrifying moments before he realized he had been dreaming.
Dean practically gaped at him, like he couldn’t wrap his head around why another person would want good things for him just for the sake of wanting them. Slowly, he nodded.
Dean laughed for real this time. A loud sudden sound that lifted all the weight off Castiel’s shoulders.
was meant for Castiel. He wasn’t stupid. He could see the tattoos on Castiel that perfectly matched the three cuts on his arm. He could see the bandage that no doubt covered cuts matching
He stepped back and Dean climbed out of the car, looking groggy and disoriented.
Charlie shrugged and flipped open her notebook, the first page of which was already dark with doodles of robots and aliens.
“Sorry Cas, you lost a lot of blood. Scared me to death man. I don’t know how you got mixed up in all this.”
“Don’t you have anything to work on?”
In his lap, Hazel let out a soft snore.
“On the road,” he answered, trying to keep his voice light, as if that wasn’t the most
It took a long while for Dean to stop shaking and to slowly peel himself away from Cas. He looked up at him with huge embarrassed eyes.
John smiled too, and just like that, he would never again bring it up. Until something else angered him, and he would do it all over again.
“Good. We could use some fresh blood.” Benny grinned, hiking up his backpack which was no doubt bulging with fresh math textbooks.
“Okay then. Great Gatsby it is.”
Players zoomed around him and, like always, he and Hannah battled hard over last and second last place.
“Let’s get a pie and stick it in the oven back in the room then,” Cas suggested. In that moment, he had never looked more beautiful. The neon signs of downtown were making his hair reflect all sorts of blue shades and his eyes looked deep and dark.
“He did. Just now.” Cas explained, tilting his head as if that should have been obvious.
“What is it? Is it infected?” Cas asked, genuinely worried. That particular wound was the bite, which was horribly disgusting and Cas didn’t even want to think of how many germs had probably been crawling in there.
Cas looked up at him and Dean felt like he could see right through him, read him all the way to his very soul. He hoped Cas would find what he was looking for there.
Cas startled a little, as if he hadn’t noticed he had been staring.
. How could he already be so grown up that he was taking an interest in girls?
Cas laughed, still holding his camera up with one hand. Their faces were now inches apart and Dean found he had forgotten how to breathe.
Cas spent the next two days in a vicious debate. If there was a chance that Dean loved him back, he desperately wanted to take that chance.
“What can I say man, I’m really hoping to die of heart disease.” Dean answered sarcastically.
Dean couldn’t fault him for wanting to know. He’d been much more wary of where they were after the hunting incident.
Dean beamed at her. “Coach Mills! It’s good to see you again.”
“Hi. I’m Dean.” He began outright. He wasn’t going to waste any more time, no more risks.
“Dean,” Cas whispered back, placing his own palm over Dean’s and pressing it down tighter.
Dean searched Cas’ face for some sort of permission, but for once the angel was pointedly avoiding his gaze. The hunter made a slow circle around the angel, looking but not touching.
As the sun slowly dipped lower, the plates were cleared and Michael joined Gabriel inside to help him bring out dessert. Rafael gathered some logs and started a fire in a pit Dean hadn’t even noticed before.
“He isn’t a man John, He’s a boy. How old are you, Dean?”
But now Dean was getting up, tossing his scribbled notes into his bag and leaving and
He didn’t know how to separate the two, bottoming and punishment. He didn’t know how to even begin to explain that to Cas. But Cas looked so confused, so broken that Dean knew he had to try.
“Dean I’m okay. Stay and have fun with the team. It’s just a couple blocks.” Cas kissed him once on the lips and Dean didn’t have a chance to protest again before he slipped out of his arms and through the door. A loud cheer from the pool table drew his attention and he allowed himself to be pulled back into the mix, where he crushed a boasting Gordon in a game just to prove that he could.
2. For the life of me I cannot remember what that temperature thingy for the shower water is called so I just called it the water dial, which I'm 99% sure is wrong but I can't remember the real word so please help.
“Yeah, okay. Whatever you say,” Dean said back sassily.
Hannah’s immediate smirk let Cas know right away that he had made the wrong choice.
“Andrea is angry with me. Livid actually,” Benny interrupted, voice hollow.
“Do you like it?” He quirked an eyebrow at Dean’s plate.
Yes, it's still not Tuesday, but casuallyneurotic straightened this out for me and I'm going to just post it now because I've been working a LOT this week and probably won't get around to posting the chapter for Opposites Attract by tomorrow... (Okay fine. Technically I haven't even started writing it yet.)
It was only when the rumble of the Impala’s engine faded that Cas realized he hadn’t let Dean kiss him, and that kiss may have been the last one. His last chance.
“Edgar, you wanna take this one?” Dean offered. Edgar nodded. “Lets try play 4, I’d like to see that one in practice.” The rest of the team seemed to agree. Edgar jogged to the centre line and the rest of the mini team got into position.
before his bedtime.
“I gotta get to class,” Dean said, unable to hide the regret in his voice.
“Yeah, she just turned three and her favourite thing in the world is Gabriel’s cooking. Oh, and me of course,” Cas grinned cheekily.
Castiel felt like he might
“Forensics. You?”
They had called for backup, which by some miracle was nearby, and the hunt was completed, even though the vamps were waiting for them the second time around and were no less vicious than the first time. Dean cradled his arm, which had been torn out of its socket for a good hour before John found a moment to pop it back in for him.
It was suddenly too much, the hard immovable evidence of all the times Dean had made Cas worry. Probably go out of his fucking
“Man I want a burger,” Cole groaned from somewhere behind Dean.
of them his approval.
to? Because it’s all cupcakes and rainbows and coming home a hero? I would give my life over and over to protect these people, but I won’t give yours. I won’t lose you to this.” Dean was ranting, almost desperately now.
1. This chapter is twice as long as any of the previous ones, so merry early Christmas/snowy month/whatever floats your boat
won’t be okay either.
“Yes sir.” He wanted to tell John that his back was enough of a reminder. His shoulder. His ribs. His arm. But the words died in his throat because he
“It was fun. I never would have guessed you’d be so good at guessing costumes,” Cas smirked.
“That’s nice of him,” Charlie said, watching him walk towards the coolers.
The fiery line of pain at his lower back made him wonder briefly if he had broken it, but he didn’t have
Cas pulled Dean up and into his lap with unnatural strength. He kissed hungrily down Dean’s jaw and sucked a dark mark on his neck. Dean groaned and moved to push Cas backwards onto the bed when his wings flung out from behind him, giving a powerful flap and lowering them both down gently. The lamp on the nightstand crashed to the ground, but neither man noticed. They were hungry, starved for each others touches, lips, murmured words.
“No Dean, I really should be getting home.”
Besides his knowledge, there was a tug in his gut, he knew somehow that he was what Cas needed to heal.
Cas gave him a small smile and picked up a sandwich before sliding the plate over to Dean.
This one is much lighter, which you guys totally deserve after the rollercoaster of the previous chapters. Enjoy!
“I don’t have a car, Dean,”
“Oi! The saying is kiss the cook not harass the cook!” He handed Dean a sandwich half wrapped in wax paper. It was indeed a bagel with what looked like shredded chicken and some thinly sliced pineapple inside. There were unidentifiable sauces and other toppings, but Dean decided to take a bite before he overthought it.
“Oh, they eat plenty. Eat me out of house and home.” He laughed like it was the funniest joke anyone had ever told, but Dean watched the way Sam hungrily eyed the burned sauce and the bitter feeling in his chest grew.
Honestly, that first week, they barely saw each other. Dean was gone a lot, which Castiel didn’t blame him for, he had a lot he needed to sort out. Cas rested, diligently picked up groceries, and one week later, presented himself bright and early to the hospital for stitch removal.
Dean ladled soup into two bowls as he spoke. “So apparently when Cas raised me from hell, he had to leave a trace of grace behind to keep me together. He wasn’t healing after I messed him up because he needed that last piece of grace. Apparently if I touch his wounds its enough contact to reconnect the grace or something, and some hyper speed healing happened while you were gone yesterday.”
“For… deer?” Dean couldn’t help but ask, even though he knew better. His heart was already sinking.
Cas doesn’t respond, just pulls him in for a hug once again. Dean inhales his scent, somewhere between clean clothes and strong wind. He turns his face so his nose is pressed up against Cas’s throat, and he inhales again. The exposed skin that had driven him mad an hour ago still drives him mad, but for an entirely different reason.
to try to undo it up until now.
“We gotta go,” Dean said. He had been shoving clothes and a couple stray weapons into a duffle, but he abruptly straightened and snatched the impala keys from the coffee table.
Cas finally let the little girl up and she wiped messy locks of hair out of her face. Dean noticed her eyes were the same dark blue as Cas’s were.
mate. I was kidding about the letter. Don’t you dare do that. We aren’t in the stone age anymore. I was
“We need to talk” Cas said as evenly as his pounding heart would allow.
“What’re you doing here Cas?” Dean half slurred. Cas couldn’t tell if he was sleepy or drunk. Or both.
“Cas,” Dean pleaded, clutching his chest where the man had slammed his palms into it. “Don’t do this.”
“You’re gonna do great, Dean,” John said with a small smile. And yes, Dean knew he would. He’d been training for two
He dumped some ground coffee into a fresh filter and flicked on the machine. It was too damned early to be thinking, but he couldn’t seem to stop his reeling mind. How could things have gotten so twisted? Ever since the beginning, for as long as he could remember, he always pictured an easy way through this. Love at first sight. A simple and
The music thumped its way straight into Castiel’s chest, the lights pulsed and throbbed, and despite the crush of people in the strip club, he felt that somehow everyone was staring right at him. Like everyone knew how out of place he was.
“Yes,” Dean croaked. His breath tasted like blood, but he no longer cared. Not about this. Not about anything.
“Come on, I’m sure you’re starving,” Cas said after a few long moments. He tugged Dean into a chair and scooped generous servings of pasta onto both their plates.
With one final inhale of the clean sea air, he turned away from the waterfront and started a light jog back to his apartment.
He opened his mouth like a dumb fish and nothing came out.
But they
“I’ll see you guys there then,” Dean said. Benny sent him a smile and nodded in acknowledgement, so Dean stepped out of the overheated change room and into the afternoon sun.
I put you through,” Dean trailed off, looking lost. “You don’t hate me?” He looked down at his hands, ashamed. Cas’s heart twisted in his chest, because whatever Dean had said with his words, his expression said so much more, and it was screaming that
“Tell me and I’ll make this quick.”
Dean nodded. “Studying sounds good. Do you want to stay here? I know my place is small. We can go to the library or something if you’d prefer.”
He paced back and forth in the room, forty, then fifty times, still completely unable to calm down. Without even really thinking about it, he paused and pulled his switchblade out of the back pocket of his discarded jeans. He flicked it open and began walking again, expertly flipping it between his fingers.
“What?!” Cole asked in a far too screechy tone. Benny gave Dean a knowing smile but said nothing.
Dean turned and did a quick headcount. “Missing two Coach,”
“Were you out running? You sound out of breath. Is everything okay?”
Dean woke with a gasp and immediately felt trapped in the bedding that had twisted all around his body. He wretched everything off, breathing hard, and flung himself out of the bed.
Castiel wasted no time in ripping the tight cloth binding Dean. He caught him in his arms just as Dean slumped forward.
“Yeah yeah we will” Dean rolled his eyes, waving Sam out with a soapy spoon.
Dean congratulated Kevin on his win, telling himself firmly that he had
“Cas, I don’t know how to do this,” Dean said after a long suspended moment.
“Will I see you again?” Cas asked, following him out of the bathroom in a daze.
“You’ll come and go. When you finish a hunt, when you need a break, when you can afford to take some time off, you’ll come here. Home. And I’ll be waiting.”
The Shtriga squinted at him. “If you’re a reporter, then where’s your notepad? Your camera?”
“Do you live with your parents?” Dean blurted. He immediately bit his tongue, hoping Castiel wouldn’t think he was being invasive or nosy, but he didn’t seem to mind.
Dean parked his car at the edge of the driveway and was immediately surrounded by the heavy scent of nature when he stepped out. He swung his backpack onto one shoulder and barely made it to the front porch when the door swung open, revealing a smiling Castiel.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean said, but he wouldn’t meet Cas’s eye. It was a pointless lie. They both knew he did.
“You’ve got a crush on me?” Dean asked teasingly.
about a vampire, if only it would bring Dean back to him.
Slowly, he dressed himself, starting with the pressed white shirt, then a pair of black pants.
The drive to the Royal Hall was short, but Dean spent the entirety of it obsessing over how he should act once he arrived. He was well aware that he lacked in etiquette. There simply was no chance to learn in the rough and unstable house he grew up in. He just hoped he wouldn’t say anything to embarrass Cas.
Dean looked offended for a moment. “Fine then. Bacon.”
Knowing these things about him, Cas couldn’t help but love him a little bit. Sure, he had the random fling now and then, and no, he wasn’t constantly pining and waiting, but neither could he deny that the door to his heart was always kept a crack open for Dean. It always had been and probably always would be.
So this was the son John was abandoning. Dean could see what his dad meant, he really
If you must thank anyone for this chapter’s existence, thank casuallyneurotic. They morphed from beta to co-author to rescue this mess. Seriously. Before they came along, these words were a chapter in the same way dust is a body.
“You don’t have to do this Dean. I will heal on my own in time. This really isn’t —“
The floor was so rotted that it creaked under his feet, even though he was usually pretty good at walking silently. Other than the weak light from the grimy windows, it was difficult to see much in the dimness.
“Dean? Your clothes are clean. Can I open the door and give them to you?”
Something swelled in Dean’s chest at that. He responded that of course he would be there, then proceeded to spend the next two days obsessing over which gift to get.
Castiel smirked, wondering what Gabriel’s students would think if they ever found out what their teacher did on the weekends. The red leather woman whispered something in Gabriel’s ear and his eyes gleamed, which never meant anything good. Gabriel leaned forwards.
Cas pulled away with a groan and turned it off. He opened the oven and a hot curl of steam escaped.
world? Where danger was a guarantee, instability was a given, and attachments were an all around shit idea?
After a mostly professional handshake like with the opposition, the team jogged off the field and huddled loosely around Coach Mills.
The sight behind it nearly made his jaw drop. Tucked into the little clearing was a small grassy area; very overgrown, but impossibly soft looking. Bordering the small space on three sides were trees, roots completely hidden by a tumble of wildflowers. Cutting across the back was a small brook that had carved its way through the stones and made a clear pool that appeared deep enough to swim in. Dean looked back at Cas, who was twisting his shirt in his hands, looking almost nervous.
The next few seconds tumbled together so fast they were like the moment between a fuse lighting and the bomb exploding. The man slapped Dean across the face so sharply and suddenly that his head cracked to the side. Dean gasped, his hand immediately coming up to cup his cheek.
With John… he could say
This kiss was nothing like the one earlier. It was long, drawn out, in no hurry at all. Cas still tasted faintly of sugar and Dean savoured that taste, chasing it for minute after minute. Who knows how much time had passed, it could have been hours before Cas gently pulled away.
Cas slid out of bed and padded quietly into the living room.
“Crap,” Dean muttered, dragging a hand through his hair and making it stick in all directions.
Cas was panting against him, moaning and gasping in a way that only someone who never had to learn to be quiet could do. Dean was impossibly turned on by it. He delighted in each sound he drew from the ex angel’s mouth.
“One minute to spare,” they said, offering a congratulations and gesturing behind them to a bin of stuffed animals.
Sorry I had to go..
“Have a seat!” Gabriel said loudly, tugging him down into the chair beside his. The girls were back on him immediately, stroking manicured nails up his arms and down his chest.
Gabriel popped in unannounced on a day when they were sorting their laundry, piles of clothing spilling out of the teeny unfinished room where the machines were. Dean was stiff and protective, while Gabriel was sassy and protective. When he left, Gabriel informed Cas that he would snap each of Dean’s bones twice if he ever hurt him. It wasn’t surprising, Gabriel rarely approved of anyone, but the words still twisted at Cas’s heart, especially since Cas suspected Dean had probably already had each of his bones broken at one point or another.
. He shoved past the gym teacher, ignoring his calls telling him to come back. Ignoring his threat for suspension. This was more important than life itself, let alone a black mark on his record.
As Dean reached the dingy lobby of his building, his phone let out a soft chime
“Quit whining Dean,” Benny said, grabbing his arm and pulling him back towards the mirror. He picked up a comb that was resting on the counter and in a few quick flicks, he had styled Dean’s hair into something that looked almost suave.
“Dean just, talk to him about it. Whatever happened last night will only get more awkward if you avoid each other.”
in the other guy’s space. He methodically tugged off his shirt and unbuttoned his jeans, ready to take them off and put on his gym clothes, but the boisterous chatter in the changeroom had abruptly cut out. Cas turned his head to see what was happening.
Cas sat on the edge of his bed and looked down at his hands. There were a couple irregularly shaped tattoos, some little ones left over from scars that would never fade, but overall it seemed like his soulmate was doing pretty well right now.
At home, Dean barely made it out of the shower before he crashed into bed and slept deeply and dreamlessly.
John came running, also breathing hard.
“Yes please.”
“You still craving something cold?”
he would regret it his whole life.
The car sped over a pothole and Dean jolted in the passenger seat. His head bumped against the window but he kept his eyes shut because the light outside hurt. He’d hit his head pretty hard when he got thrown, but he was trying his best not to make a big deal of it because it wasn’t the first time and definitely wouldn't be the last.
to do it if they died and all the markings vanished.
“No, I promise I’m not,” Cas answered, trying to hold back a groan. She asked him that every single time, without fail. “How are you?”
Dean instantly stilled. He knew by now that John
“It’s all over,” Sam said. He had disentangled a little girl from her bed and was holding her to his chest, but she was limp as a rag doll.
He turned stiffly back to the front, pulled his mind away from thoughts of Cas with an iron will. He was
You guys showered me in comments yesterday and today was..a little rough, and reading through them made me smile. I will respond to each of you, I promise, but as a thank you and some instant gratification for you, here is another chapter <3 I love you all.
By the time Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was gone. There wasn’t a single sign of him except for the cooled mug of tea which sat exactly where Dean had left it.
“Uh, the one in Michigan or in California?”
Castiel nodded, unable to respond properly through his mouthful of food. He was excited. This was a new chapter, a new beginning. Sure, it hadn’t started out exactly how he had imagined, but things could still turn out okay.
John parked the car and stepped out, suddenly crowding into Dean’s space. Dean took a step back. John followed.
Cas watched him with soft eyes and Dean looked away, realizing he had revealed another large part of himself. He was fine being social, but when the day was done he needed some time to recharge away from everyone.
For a few minutes this seemed as good a plan as any, but then he realized he was being incredibly cowardly. He was a warrior for heavens sake.
Cas let out a strangled noise of frustration and shifted in the seat again.
His fingers brushed through some curiously small feathers and he dug his fingers in deeper, feeling their sharp hard tips.
“Dean, you remember my brother, Gabriel. Thats his friend Kali,” Cas explained as Dean reached over to shake her hand. “Thats my brother Raphael and his girlfriend Lydia.”
Dean slowly removed his hand from the wound. To his amazement, there was nothing underneath but smooth skin.
Dean also took a cookie and bit straight into it. The sweetness burst on his tongue and the melted chocolate was heavenly. Cas smiled at his reaction.
“Bed?” Cas asked softly, easily, as if he hadn’t just suggested something quite…suggestive.
“Go wash up, son. I’ll be here when you’re done,” Bobby instructed. A shower suddenly sounded like a very good idea. Bobby’s water pressure absolutely sucked, but… maybe that was a good thing this time.
“Actually…I’m sort of seeing someone,” Sam admitted shyly.
Castiel felt himself blush and hoped he didn’t resemble a lobster too closely. “I was..uh..cold.” The lie was poorly delivered and Cas could tell she didn’t buy it in the slightest, but he was grateful that she didn’t push.
why he’d said that. But Cas had already taken a step back.
He pulled off of Dean just enough to look into his eyes. Cas looked drugged, completely blissed out. Dean smoothed the feathers he had messed up absentmindedly.
“How did you like it?” He yelled over the noise of applause.
Cas looked at his older brother, feeling weak and boneless. He was trying to hide his sobs, but they were tearing out of his body one after another like great big earthquakes. Gabriel scanned him quickly, probably looking for blood, but it wasn’t
“We hit the ground running. I’ve got so many assignments my head is spinning.”
“I don’t-“
“I-“ Cas started, then stopped. It was unlike him to stutter, but his eyes kept dipping to the place where Dean’s chest disappeared under the water and his blush was unmistakable.
Only once he was alone did the events of the evening really sink in. Cas really truly just had his hands all over him. Sure, it probably didn’t mean the same thing to Cas and he probably just did it out of a totally platonic desire to help out an incredibly sore friend, but in that moment the intention mattered very little to Dean.
Castiel was facing the camera, one hand outstretched and blurred like someone had stolen the camera from him and snapped a picture while he was trying to get it back. The wings behind him were dark, nearly black, but with a splotch of bright red near the arches. It made something warm in Dean’s heart.
He spared a glance at the glass pastry case, but the thought of putting any food in his body right now made his stomach roil.
“Dean I think that —“ Castiel started, then trailed off, breathing hard.
Dean scooted back and sat ramrod straight, suddenly very worried that he
When the final bell rang, it was a blessing. Cas thanked his teacher on the way out, stopped by his locker for his books, and walked out into the sunshine. Most of the students had already started walking home, and the parking lot had mostly cleared. Cas leaned against the cool brick of the building and sighed. The air smelled like summer, and he had done all he could do about his relationship with Dean.
Dean huffed. “Out of what? Are you gonna dis-brother me?”
Dean pulled into the driveway and put the car in park, then turned off the engine. They sat in silence for thirty whole seconds before Dean swung his head around with a huge grin.
“Shut up this thing is so worn down and covered in stains its barely a couch anymore.” Benny shot back.
“Yeah that sounds great,” Dean agreed eagerly.
Dean landed, to the siblings amusement, directly on top of Cas, practically chin to chin.
serious, but he was seconds away from cracking a smile. The dark red wings cropped into his photo were spread wide, like they were about to push down powerfully and lift him up in flight.
“I gotta go Cas,” Dean said, sliding easy off of Cas’s lap and standing. Cas stood too, surprised to find that Dean had grown taller than him. He looked hard at the exhausted man in front of him and wondered who was there to hold him at night; to protect him when things got tough.
“Sure.” His voice sounded hollow and empty and whatever lust Cas had felt for the man as he walked through the door slipped away at that tone. This man did not need a quick fuck, what he needed was a good long hug. Possibly also a friend.
“Oh. That sounds fun,” Cas answered lightly.
Sam clapped a hand over his shoulder and gave him a meaningful look. “Call if you’re suddenly not.” He left the room, closing the door behind him, and suddenly Dean was alone with Cas. He inhaled, preparing for a long apology when Cas crushed him in a tight hug instead.
“I just never made a move because, well, you’re an angel man. I have no idea how that kind of thing works, if you’d even want it, if you’re allowed. I didn’t want to make things messy and uncomfortable between us” Dean admitted, words tumbling out together.
Dean, for all his restraint, was arching off the bed, trying to get closer, so Cas gave him what he wanted, swallowing him down with tantalizing swirls of his tongue. He pulled off with an obscene pop and kissed and teased Dean again until he was properly breathless, nearly oversensitive.
He opened his mouth to say something about minding personal space when out of nowhere, the guy clocked him on the head.
Dean made a comic vomiting sound, but secretly, he was looking forward to snuggling with Cas on the couch and having a good laugh. Once they were all back inside the warmth of the house (it really was getting quite chilly once the sun had set), Raphael ducked into the kitchen to bring out some popcorn and beer.
“Dean,” Cas said brokenly once he saw the shattered look in his eyes. “Do you truly think so little of me? This is not a random fling for me. I’m not here to fuck you and leave. You are not a trophy or some badge of honour. I…care deeply about you,” Cas said, seeming desperate to make Dean understand.
The pain that had seemed so refreshing and grounding just minutes ago was now pulsing and throbbing; not unbearable, but definitely annoying, even more so because Dean knew it was
Life update, has nothing to do with the story, feel free to skip this.
