Hael glanced over her shoulder. “Why don’t you go out and get the fire started?” she suggested. “Cas, show him where the wood pile is, Anna and me can find the marshmallow sticks and meet you outside.”
“Holy shit,” Dean said suddenly, looking at his friend in surprise. “Dude, we are so getting married!”
A murmur of laughter rushed through those gathered for the ceremony, and even Sam and Jo had to let out a small laugh. Of course, the ceremony couldn’t be too serious; it was Dean and Cas, after all. They’d be lucky to get through a funeral without one making the other laugh themselves to tears.
“Who organized this place?” Castiel grumbled, searching through boxes on the top shelf of a small closet. “It’s a mess!”
Michael gave a wide, genuine smile. “I really hope so,” he agreed.
Turning back to Castiel, Crowley gave another nod. “If there is nothing else, sir…?”
“Right…” Castiel agreed slowly, nodding. He glanced over at Missouri, who was waiting expectantly for him to continue the ceremony, and then back to his waiting groom.
Castiel frowned; he didn’t remember having any first dance at the reception. In all truth, he didn’t remember too terribly much of the reception at all. Ellen had shocked them all by announcing that drinks were on the house, and Castiel, still a bundle of nerves in spite of the successful ceremony, had availed himself of more than his fill of whiskey. As far as he recalled, Dean had as well.
“What?!” Dean squawked.
Dean chuckled. “What about you ladies? Ever get the hang of it?”
“‘Bout damn time you boys made it official,” she told him warmly.
Dean cleared his throat again, and began to sing:
He’d made it to class late that day, wearing the only pair of jeans he owned and a borrowed t-shirt bearing the name of a band he had never heard of before. Castiel had been surprised how much easier it had been to speak to his new classmates that day, and a few trips to local thrift stores later had bought him an entirely new wardrobe.
They spoke little during the meal. Raphael asked no questions and Castiel offered him nothing, making only light conversation with his sisters. No one else had arrived for dinner, and Castiel held out dim hope it would stay that way. It was maddening enough to keep up the charade with only a few people present in the house, it would be a thousand times worse with Gabriel’s boisterous personality bouncing about and Uriel’s sly humor.
Dean snorted. “If I did that, his girlfriend would gut me like a fish,” he said, earning a chuckle even from Castiel.
“That is what we tend to call him, yes,” he agreed. “Though his name is actually Lucien. He was… troubled, as a child. He was the first of us that my parents adopted, and he was already four years old.”
Dean gaped, but any response he might have made was interrupted by the arrival of a stocky man in a dark suit. He had a mean, calculating look about his face, with thinning dark hair and piercing hooded eyes, a shadow of stubble on his face already in the early afternoon.
Their friends filled the first few pews, mostly the group that had fallen together in their college days along with a few older friends who lived in the area. They had made the decision not to include any family at all, lest anyone get the wrong idea. The only exception to that rule was Dean’s brother Sam, whose large frame stood towering alongside the pulpit, acting as Best Man and grinning like the cat that got the canary. Castiel hadn’t even told anyone in his family, and had Jo standing beside him in a pale yellow lace dress that swept just below her knees and popped brightly alongside the small bouquet of pink roses she carried as a self-described “Best WO-man”; Castiel had asked her to stand in when he realized that, if it were a real wedding, he’d have asked Dean to stand at his side. With the other man having different obligations that day, it fell to Jo, who had readily accepted.
“Yeah, sorry,” Dean told him with a shrug. “I didn’t even know that was on there, I only went through the photos once, really quick, to make sure Sammy hadn’t snuck anything weird in there.”
“Just like we are!” Anna declared, sweeping past her brother into the beach house once the door was opened. “Oh, god, Cassie, it smells like mothballs in here.”
Dean glanced at Castiel with wide eyes, lips just barely parted. He had expected his old friend to tease him for even trying, but here he was asking for more. That feeling of something hot bursting inside his chest had returned, and he knew he couldn’t refuse.
The next morning seemed decidedly less awkward as they woke and readied themselves to arrive in Rhode Island. The train would take them to Kingston, and from there a car would be waiting to take them to Castiel’s family estate. It was a little more pretentious than Dean was used to; his family had a home, not an estate, after all. In all the years they had known each other, Castiel had spoke very little of his family, save mention of an errant sibling here and there.
“Toldja I wasn’t any good,” he said, voice coming out more gruff than he intended.
Jo pinched up her face in a frown. “You better be talkin’ about a drink, Winchester,” she responded glibly.
“I married an old man,” he grumbled good-naturedly.
“They were worse than rabble,” Castiel told him, slipping an antiquated key into the door of the beach house. “They were
“You’re the forensics expert,” Hael added, stepping out from behind him. “We won’t leave any evidence. Use your imagination.”
“I do that and I’m on the floor, Cas.”
He gave a low whistle, shook his head and ran his fingertips over the fine grain of the wood. He wasn’t exactly an expert in antiques, but his job required him to identify texture and age on sight. He knew everything in the room had to be a century old, at the least.
“I suppose…” Castiel huffed. “That money could do a world of good, you know. Hael has student loans, and I know Anna’s Neon is on its last legs.”
“Thank you, Crowley,” Castiel responded. There was an coldness to his tone, uncharacteristic of the usually kind man. “This is my husband, Dean Winchester. Dean, this is Crowley; he is the butler and chief of staff here at Holly House.”
“So, what, are you guys like the black sheep?” Dean asked curiously. That was a feeling he knew quite well; his father’s extended family had been all but nonexistent, but his mother’s side of the family, the Campbells, had treated Dean and his brother as though they were outcasts. He had always been somewhat shocked that his kind, sweet mother had come from a clan of survivalists living nearly off the grid; last Dean heard, his cousin Christian had repurposed an abandoned missile silo into a survival bunker and lived there, waiting for a government insurrection.
“He got photos from everybody who was there,” Dean explained, paging through a few of the selections. There they were in Missouri’s church, standing before the altar; there was the kiss they had shared, Jo whooping in the background. Walking down the aisle, the surprise on their faces when they saw their reception, cutting the cake, everything was there. “Pretty much documents the whole thing, even has video of us dancing, man. We’re covered.”
“We can get all caught up at dinner,” Hael suggested, nodding. “We want to hear all about the wedding!”
Hael grinned. “Just now,” she declared, then glanced at the sand that had gathered on Castiel’s shirt and Dean knelt on the beach, averting his gaze. “Unless we’re interrupting something?”
“Because it’s you, Cas,” he responded, mirth clear in his eyes, a little more tipsy than he usually would have been at a little past one in the afternoon on a Wednesday, but the occasion seemed to call for it. “Nothing can be simple for you, or easy. It’s wired in your DNA or some shit.”
Dean just laughed, crossing his arms over his chest. “Well at the rate we were goin’, figured one of us better fish or cut bait, or we’d be stuck in the same holding pattern forever,” he offered, earning a chuckle from Castiel’s siblings as the man himself just stared at Dean with an inscrutable expression.
Castiel chuckled softly. “You get the hang of it pretty quickly. My parents used to bring us here once a year, to visit with the family.”
Ruby Janus was something of a sore point among all of them; she had dated Sam and gotten him involved in the local drug scene before Dean was able to pull him out, and Castiel had been made a fool for believing the girl’s pleas that she actually cared for Sam and wouldn’t do him any harm. It had been the first real sore point in his and Dean’s friendship when he sided with Sam in his decision to see Ruby, no matter how much Dean warned him off.
“You still half asleep there or what?” he asked, amusement clearly fluttering about in his eyes.
The sudden sound of a compressed spring bouncing open within the tortured mattress echoed through the room, a loud and obnoxious
“Oh,” he said, taken aback. “Did I never tell you? Hael and I, and Michael too, actually. We’re blood siblings, half anyway. We all had the same birth mother.”
Dean gaped. “Jesus Christ,” he muttered, scrubbing a hand over his face. “So you’re, what, like, a Rockefeller or something?”
All in all, Dean thought he’d rather be the poor relations of a snotty rich family than cousin to militia-styled doomsday preppers.
Hael’s eyes lit in recognition. “Oh! I love Ron Pope,” she said with a smile. “That’s an odd choice for you, though, isn’t it? Cassie said you were some kind of metalhead.”
He’s checking the barrel, the cylinder clicked out, his few bullets in a small pile next to him, when Cas walks in.
“Are you okay? Was I too rough?” he asks quickly, his eyes shooting all across his body looking for harm done.
“Hey’o!” A woman calls from the porch. She makes her way down to them, all warm smiles and cheery disposition. She stops close in at Jody’s side when she reaches them.
The entrance wound is decently clean, a frayed edged circle that’s a bit more than half an inch in diameter, and the exit wound, while larger, is better than some he’s dealt with. Still, his stomach churns at the sight.
Sam takes Michael aside telling him that his grace is needed for the spell to work. Considering Michael doesn't want them to know that he's playing both sides he gives some up, just barely more than enough for the spell to work. And just like that everything is set in place to set things right.
When he looks back at Cas his breath catches. His pupils are blown wide, his breathing is shallow and the flush is back.
He blames the anxiety threatening to choke him for why he doesn't notice their money bag out in the open.
Pain slices up his leg, tensing his body again just before white-hot spikes of pain surrounds his left shoulder and arm.
“The kid looked like he was getting slammed by the same stuff Michael and Lucifer were, so I’d say yeah. He seems stronger too. Less like just a human.”
No sooner than he stands does Cas trip over his foot which has tangled itself in Dean’s blanket. A peel of laughter bursts from Dean’s chest, the force of it sending his head craning backwards. Cas is staring down at him with a look of annoyance but the mirth in his own eyes betrays him. Giving in, Cas slaps his palms against the outside of his thighs as a slightly gummy smile breaks out across his face.
Despite the town being in the direction they are facing; they need to turn around again to get to the road and avoid riding through the thick brush and forest that outlines the edge of the property. It means Cas will either see his house one more time or he’ll have to close his eyes.
“Dean?” he hears Cas call from outside the stables.
“You would really spend your free time helpin’ me learn. A drifter who hasn't a penny to a name I don’t even have.” They've been standing outside the machine shed for quite some time and he rolls his shoulders against the stiffness settling in his now unused muscles, wincing when the raw section twinges against the movement. “Oh I see, I’m the only person in fifty miles near your age that you can spend time with, doesn’t hurt that I’m a fresh face does it, I bet the novelty excites you don’t it?”
But how could that be? Every interaction seemed clouded with a fog of unsure understanding that day by day was becoming clearer. He thought Dean was reciprocating at least in part, but now he worries he may have imagined it.
Dean laughed. “Dude, I couldn’t stop you. You grabbed a bottle of tequila, insisted newlyweds did that kind of shit, and the next thing I know, you’re sucking a piece of lime out of my mouth, spitting it out, and tongue-fucking me like teenagers in a backseat.”
The congregation gave another sweeping round of murmured laughter.
“What, you givin’ out fashion advice, Cas?” he asked with a laugh. “You’ve been wearing the same trenchcoat to work for like six years and you still haven’t figured out how to tie your own tie.”
He had a feeling that Uncle Zachariah had figured that out as well, and had written his will either in an attempt to shame Castiel, or save his soul.
“Daddy used to bring us out here when we were visiting, if things got to be too much,” Anna explained softly. “Made us feel like a family again. It’s been such a long time.”
Castiel didn’t know why, but he found that he couldn’t drag his gaze away. He watched the smooth movement of muscles on Dean’s back, miles of softly tanned skin dusted in faded freckles and a million other marks and tiny scars that seemed to tell the story of their friendship as much as they drew Castiel in, each attached to a different memory.
“We could test it out,” he offered and yawned again before pulling off his coat and tossing it over a chair.
“Yes, Dean?” the other man replied.
“Hey, realism, right?” he mumbled to the floor.
They hadn’t even gotten to the ‘I do’s when Jo leaned over Castiel’s shoulder and glared at Dean, glancing from his face to his hands.
Dean cleared his throat again, flush having grown deeper as he spoke, even while those gathered looked on in surprise. “I promise to be a patient, always honest and compassionate,” Dean continued, breaking into the set of vows that Jo had found for them to use online. “I will be your best friend, always putting you first above my own needs, today and always.”
Hannah was seated in the third row, her sister Muriel at her side, the both of them beaming at Castiel where he stood at the front of the church. Looking out at the rest of the small crowd gathered, Castiel had to admit, it certainly had an air of legitimacy about it.
“HEY!” Jo said suddenly, face lighting up. “Hey!” she repeated, and punched Dean hard in the shoulder to get his attention. The motion made him choke on his beer and he glared, waving the bottle at her.
He had just decided on a cleaner pair of jeans and a plain button down shirt, reaching to pull them from his suitcase, when Dean’s t-shirt came sailing through the air, landing over his head.
The miniscule amount of space that tiny sleeper berth afforded them would be keeping them in very close quarters.
Castiel spit into the sink. “The grey henley, then,” he offered.
Dean snorted. “Not when we just got married, Cas. You’re freaking out again, man. Calm it down a little.”
“Cas, man, it’s okay,” Dean said quickly, not wanting his friend to feel any more guilty over the situation than he already did. “Gotta play nice, make it look real. I get it, I do. Just sayin’... I mean… are we even gonna fit?”
“You think this is big? You should see the Scottish estate. It’s an actual castle.”
Fat beads of condensation were making a languid descent down the side of Castiel’s bottle, spurned on by the increasing afternoon heat. The air inside was humid, reeking of old beer and new sweat; fans bolted to the ceiling did their best to dispel the warmth of the day but had little real effect on the sparse patrons scattered in the dim little bar.
“The rabble, eh?” Dean asked, then snickered. “Surprised your brother didn’t give us a bedroom there instead.” He sat up and leaned forward to start unlacing his boots.
“No one is going to be wearing a suit,” he said, shaking his head. With a gentle shove, he shooed Dean away from his suitcase and picked through the surprisingly neat pile of folded clothes until he found the shirt he had spoke of, a long sleeved henley-style shirt made of soft cotton material in slate grey. It tended to bring out the lighter tones of Dean’s green eyes, and fitted snugly against his form in an attractive way - not that Castiel had ever noticed.
“Is that more to your liking, Master Castiel?” Dean called out, and Castiel could practically hear the teasing grin in his voice, much that he couldn’t see with the soft cotton fabric over his eyes.
Hael gave a deep snorting laugh that very much reminded Dean of her brother.
Dean moved about more slowly, toeing off his boots beside the wardrobe; when he peeked inside, he saw his suitcase was there, unpacked. All of his clothes were hanging inside, and they looked neatly pressed. Castiel’s were right beside his.
“Jesus, Cas, what did I tell you? Calm down, man. I got it covered,” Dean interrupted. He went to his own suitcase and retrieved a small tablet computer in a black leather case, holding it aloft so Castiel could see. “From Sam. Said it was a ‘wedding gift’,” he said with a snort.
“Makes sense,” he responded. “She is my sister after all.”
The song was relatively short and the end came up rather quickly, Dean strumming along slowly and singing the lyrics he knew by heart, finishing with, “Maybe down in Lonesome town, I can learn to forget.”
“As comfortable as it is, Dean, I do think you will be wanting to eat at some point,” Castiel pointed out with a sigh. It did sound a little too alluring, just spending the rest of the evening folded up among the pillows and linens, relaxing there until morning, but Castiel knew they were expected at dinner that night.
“He’s got a Jolly Rancher on his damn cufflinks!” Jo said, clearly annoyed.
Castiel, apparently, could not calm his ass down.
“Hey! That’s right!” Anna said, and it was suddenly Castiel’s turn to be paddled with a tennis racquet. “You! Great! Big! Jerk!” she said with each swat of the racquet. “I wanted a chance to catch the bouquet, or garter, or whatever it is you threw! And we all would have loved to watch Raph’s head slowly implode.”
“What’s that song?” Anna asked, leaning in a little closer. “I can’t hear it.”
“A fair comparison,” Castiel agreed simply. “My great-great-aunt Gertrude was a Rockefeller. Uncle Zachariah preferred to compare us to the Vanderbilts, though. Older money, he said.”
Dean actually blushed at that. “Just watchin’ too much Ghosthunters in the day,” he mumbled, eyes cast down to his shoes.
“Nice choice, Cas,” she declared, and swatted Dean on the backside with her tennis racquet.
“Hey, we were camping. Y’think I’m not gonna sleep in my boots? What if we had to run from a hungry bear in the middle of the night?”
“Had some problems already?” Dean asked. Castiel didn’t speak much of his family, least of all his eldest brother;  Dean understood that some things just weren’t for sharing, and never pressed on the topic.
“And don’t you forget it,” Anna told him, narrowing her eyes and pointing a finger at him as she spoke. “Hell hath no fury like the sister of a Goode boy scorned. Remember that, buddy.”
Castiel found that he had underestimated the strangeness of the situation. Drunken sprawling and close-quarters camping had nothing on this, the feeling of laying close enough to feel the heat of Dean’s breath on his face and make out each individual mark in the other man’s myriad of freckles. He could smell Dean’s cologne, a woody, leathery scent that was as familiar as it was appealing, seeming more beckoning now, even more enticing with Dean pressed so close to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sounds like we have a winner!” Hael announced cheerfully, nudging the guitar in Dean’s direction.
Dean snorted. “C’mon Cas, really? It’s not even past seven o’clock.”
He held it aloft and shook out the wrinkles from time spent cramped inside Dean’s battered suitcase, then turned it held it up to the other man’s chest as if surveying how it might fit.
“Oh, that’s what she insisted on being called. Liked to pretend she was French nobility but Uncle Zachariah said she had been some kind of showgirl. She was a real piece of work, according to Mama,” Hael said, smiling softly to herself with the memory of her mother’s stories. “Was in her 90s already when our parents got married but was sharp as a tack.”
“See?” Dean repeated, one hand still holding the tablet and the other inexplicably reaching to rub a soothing circle in the middle of Castiel’s back. “Told you we’re covered.”
She smiled at him in a manner that, if Dean had seen it, would have reminded him very much of the grin that Missouri had just given him.
“Yes, you know, the one we weren’t invited to,” Anna added with a put-upon frown.
“Why do you do that?” he asked, shaking his head.
“Huh?” Anna asked, arching a quizzical eyebrow at him.
“How is this my life?” he grumbled.
He responded by pointing at Castiel with his beer bottle. “You don’t speak ill of the dead, you ass,” Dean counseled, before downing the rest of the bottle. He nodded to the bartender immediately as he finished it, holding up two fingers to signal another round.
“And now folks, what you have all been waiting for, the one, the only, DEAN WINCHESTER!”
“Folks, may I ask you to remain in your seats and boots and welcome our very own Dean Winchester up on the stage!!”
Im wunderschönen Monat Mai,
“We had a calving emergency on the farm, and I had to rush over right away,” Dean explained. Castiel stared at Dean in disbelief. Dean had wanted to meet him, but he couldn’t. Because he was even
“I wouldn’t be okay with anything but you staying the night, Dean,” Castiel says and pulls Dean down on top of him, kissing him gently.
Five weeks later, Claire was sleeping in her crib, Jack’s plant standing proudly on the bedside table watching over her.
The second kiss on the other hand, half a minute later, was all sparks and moaning and tongues. Castiel had stood left outside, Dean walking away, blushing slightly, and it took Castiel a full fifteen seconds to process what had happened. And when he had, he realized that he’d liked it. But it hadn’t nearly been enough. So he ran after Dean, who turned around and crashed into him violently.
“No sex doesn’t mean no making out or you know..?” Dean asks as he presses kisses down along Castiel’s neck, and Castiel can do nothing but gasp.
His professor is an older Scottish man, Crowley, and if it hadn’t been for his knowledge on the subject Castiel would have dropped out after the first lecture. Something about Crowley makes him uneasy, and the looks the older man sends him puts him on edge. The professor had read, or well, recited really, ‘The Rape of Lucrece’ out loud during the last lecture, and the suggestive looks Castiel found himself on the receiving end of resulted in a restless night.
“Well, I’m pretty good at German. So I can say a lot of things in German, for example Zwischenkieferknochen, which is a bone is the face, supposedly first discovered by Goethe, the man who wrote Werther’s Suffering, one of the great romantic novels, which caused a suicidal wave through Europe after its release, since the protagonist, Werther, kills himself in the end,” Castiel says, Dean’s eyes gone wide. “Who’s the nerd now?” Castiel adds quietly, eliciting a laugh from Dean.
“But-,” Castiel started, “Your hat-, you- don’t you want it back?”
“Me? I’m out of
“I came to return your hat,” Castiel said, pointing at the black hat.
“Some friends you have Cas, leaving you here all alone,” Dean chuckled. “But you look the part y’know. Fit right in.”
“Yes, of course, make out is- oh, perfectly fine,” he breathes and Dean laughs against his neck, running his hands down along Castiel’s sides and up again. Dean’s lips find his again and Castiel opens up eagerly, licking into Dean’s mouth with a fierce determination. He wraps his legs around Dean’s and pushes him even closer, if possible.
“You know, you should be on QI, with all the stuff you know,” Dean says, still laughing. “So, can you say anything else in German? The only thing I can say is Lederhosen and ‘Ein Bier bitte’, but that is a story for another time,” he continues, now seemingly laughing more at the memory of Lederhosen and beer than Castiel, looking out into nothing. Castiel shies away, leaning back in his chair, turning forward again.  It’s not the first time he loses someone’s interest; he’s used to it by now.
“I’m home now,” he whispered against Dean’s lips, “I’m home.”
Some paperwork and a thorough mopping of the floor later Dean was finally sat behind the wheel of his Baby, slowly making his way home to their shared house on the other side of town. As he drove, he saw groups of friends laughing and joking as they stepped out from the bowling alley, couples walking hand in hand, and parents with small children rolling their eyes at their antics. A pang of longing hit him again, and Dean couldn’t wait to get home. At least there he could sulk on his own without the reminder of other people’s happiness. When he got home, he would jump in the shower, warm up some of the stew Castiel had made the weekend before he left and grab a beer before falling asleep to whatever was on that evening. He had wanted to tidy the house a bit more before Castiel returned, but he reminded himself grumpily that he’d have the whole weekend to clean.
But the last thing, and most important thing, he’s learnt, is that Dean’s lips fit perfectly with his. Especially when Dean comes running back just as Castiel is about to unlock his door, and presses a gentle and soft kiss to his lips, running his hands through Castiel’s hair.
Once they had finished the pasta puttanesca Castiel had cooked they quickly found each other’s arms again. They had slow danced to the soft music playing on the radio while the pasta cooked and kissed gently every time they passed each other as Dean set the table. Now, with the dishes neatly put away in the dishwasher and the big pot filled with water, a problem for another time, Dean felt Castiel’s arm circling his waist from behind, his nose burrowing into the soon too long hairs at Dean’s neck. Dean slid his hands along his husband’s arms, lacing their fingers together and leant into the embrace. This was truly heaven.
Dean’s hands on his hips, pulling him closer, Dean’s hands in his hair, Dean’s nose bumping his is something Castiel’s still not used to. Not even after three weeks of kissing Dean. They’re now sitting on Castiel’s couch, watching some movie with people in it that are doing things. Or something like that. Castiel hasn’t really paid a lot of attention. All he can think of is Dean’s arm slung around his shoulder, Dean’s leg pressed against his, Dean’s other hand on his knee, Dean’s laugher, Dean’s cologne, Dean, Dean, Dean.
As he’s pulling them up over his knees he hears the door open, and he scrambles to put them on quicker, resulting in a very elegant slip and a surprised gasp from Castiel. He lands on his bare back, his boxers still halfway up his thighs. Castiel groans and feels tears stinging behind closed eyelids. Hurt and humiliated, great. And it’s not even 8 o’clock yet.
“You mean you-?” Castiel interrupts.
“We should totally find a table nearer the stage Cas, so he can see you’re here,” Charlie said excitedly, dragging him along further into the room. She managed to squeeze past to young women and grab the last table along the edge of the stage, just a bit off where Castiel had sat one week earlier. He put Dean’s hat on the table and could immediately hear people around him whispering.
The next time Castiel fell asleep watching Dean’s hat, it was perched on top of Dean’s dresser, watching over him as he drifted to sleep, safe in Dean’s arms. It had also witnessed their first kiss from its place on top of the bar, and all the kisses that followed.
A thing divine, for nothing natural
Charlie couldn’t stop smiling, and she grabbed Castiel’s arm as if to make sure he absolutely didn’t leave.
“Until they kicked me out when the bar closed,” Castiel mumbled, embarrassment once again making itself known.
To his great joy, neither Gabriel nor Balthazar could join him at the Roadhouse the following Friday. Castiel had invited his friend Charlie instead, who he had met during his information sciences class last semester. He hadn’t told her anything about his first visit to the Roadhouse, but when he turned up with a cowboy hat in hand, she demanded an explanation.
I am in my condition
“Sure thing, angel, we have some assembling to do,” Dean said and winked before going to find a flatter version of the damn sofa-thing.
“Yes, Dean, I think we’re ready,” Castiel replied from behind a pile of books, dark hair visible over the top from where he was crouching down, eyeing the screws.
“I was actually really looking forward to seeing you again,” Dean continued, quieter this time. “But I get that you didn’t want to see me, I mean you’re out of my league anyway-“
Fair encounter
As soon as Alastair had left, manhandling his poor car harshly over the kerb, making Dean wince, he sighed and reached for his cold cup of coffee. Of course, since this was the worst day ever, he managed to knock the cup over, sending the brown liquid flying across the notes Dean had been taking on the work he did on the Camry that just hadn’t cooperated earlier. He sighed even deeper and as he bent to pick up the cup, he felt tears burning behind his eyelids. He hated being this frustrated and clumsy and just plain stupid.
It’s one thing to desire a man in your bed and to act on it, but to desire a man in your heart is another matter altogether. And it's not a want Dean thinks he’s ready to share.
“Uh ya you—we can do that,” Winchester says. He starts off towards the barn, slate tucked under his arm before turning back, “Oh and maybe bring the drink again I was a bit in need of it last night, no disrespect to your Ma.” He isn't looking at Castiel when he says this and Castiel tries not to read into it, knowing what the flask means for him doesn't automatically mean it means the same for Winchester, he would even go so far as to say that he isn’t sure if Winchester knows of the possible insinuation of it.
“I understand Gabriel, in truth, as it stands, to make me leave Cas would have to be the one to send me away himself.” Dean’s not being completely honest; if he thought that he was putting Cas in danger he would leave in an instant no matter what Cas said. But Gabriel doesn’t need to know that.
“The boy says he’s got no name, so I don't see how we’d be able to get him any help if we couldn’t do it here. What's more, he says he can’t read or write, now it seems he can speak just fine though which I suppose is a saving grace. I’m sending you out with his supper after we are all finished here, and I was hoping you would be able to get him to talk, find a name or anything that we can use for our records, and in case anything goes wrong. He seems about your age Castiel so I’m hoping that if he has a problem with answering to authority like I'm guessing he does, he’ll talk to you,” his father finishes with a sigh.
“So, uh, what did you think of your first striptease?” Dean asks when he’s putting on his T-shirt again, getting ready to go home for the night. He doesn’t have to go home, not really. Sleep in his own bed when Castiel’s is in the next room. He could stay, he could- No. Moving too fast again.
kind of sex yet, but hell yeah I want to, with you. And it’s cool, we’ll just take it slow,” Dean says, hands running soothingly over the smaller man’s back, drawing patterns. Castiel sighs and nods, pressing his face into Dean’s shoulder. Dean smells like the garage, all oils and iron and burnt rubber. But he also smells like apples and leather. Castiel smiles and inhales, nuzzling his nose into Dean’s neck.
If not, I'll die your maid: to be your fellow
“You’re- You’re home,” Dean croaked, and felt a tear roll down his cheek as he tangled his hands in the soft grey sweater vest he secretly loved. He felt all the stress from the past week and all the frustration from the day leave him, quietly seeping away.
At mine unworthiness that dare not offer
To weep at what I am glad of.”
Castiel smiles down at his phone as he shrugs out of his trench coat and suit. Coffee with Dean doesn’t require a suit, right? So he picks out one of his plainer knitted pullovers and puts it on over his white shirt. He loses the tie, it’s always backwards anyway, and straightens his glasses. He can’t do anything about his hair, but it doesn’t matter. He’s got the feeling Dean doesn’t care.
I might call him
“Everyone has a party trick, some weird thing you’re good at or some strange fact you remember? My only party trick is that I can recite the whole ‘Moses supposes’-scene from Singin’ in the Rain,” Dean says, eyes crinkled from smiling.
Castiel looked around but couldn’t find Dean for the rest of the night. He slumped disappointedly back in the seat in the booth he and Charlie had moved to. He held onto Dean’s hat tightly.
“Pa’s not back yet, so it’ll probably be me. If you want, while we’re eating you could run some lines on the slate, nothing too much, just a sentence or two, and I could look them over as you eat to see where you need more help for next time.” He doesn't want to seem overbearing, nor does he want to leave the man in an uncomfortable position by having to decline his offer, it’s unstable terrain, as it has been since the first moment Winchester spoke to him, if he’s being honest with himself, since the first moment he saw the man walking past the house.
“I am all too aware, Gabriel. However, if my only tasks are to search out her toys and let her scare me as she comes down the hall for supper, I hardly see how it is of any trouble to be,” he replies as he spots the toy peeking out from behind a desk.
“Gabriel told me he came out to talk to you,” Cas says as he nears the end of his meal.
Things are looking up until Chuck decides enough is enough, and kills every soul on the planet.
Dinner is filled with stories from Gabriel and Kali, the younger kids interject with their own stories, even though they more often than not had nothing to do with what they’d been talking about. There’s a fond look in Gabriel’s eyes that tells Castiel that he’s happy to sit back and let his younger siblings talk knowing that he doesn’t get to see it much anymore.
“Hmm yes, that would suffice,” the nasally man drawls. The hairs all along his arms prick up with the words.
“Hmm, well if that’s the case I got them fighting a bear, no a fish, wait wait, a coyote in the woods. Yeah, that last one for sure.”
“That sounds like a marriage proposal.” Dean joked because he couldn't help it, facing god or not he still wasn’t best with addressing his feelings.
He wants to ask what his name is, but doesn’t, content to keep them on the same level for now, two nameless strangers.
“My name’s Castiel Ma’am, I’m here with Dean. Jody doesn't yet know of my presence.”
He stumbles after her only partially pretending to flail about down the hall. He smacks his elbow into a door frame but her giggles are worth it. As they near Hannah's room Duma dips behind him and starts to push against his back to get him to her door. Castiel can’t help but laugh when her shoes slip on the floor and despite her walking motion, she, and by extension, he, moves nowhere.
As the farm disappears into the darkness behind them, Dean finds that the pull to watch it go isn’t as strong when there’s a future waiting for him.
He peers up through the fringe of hair that’s fallen against his forehead and swallows around the heavy weight of him. Dean’s hand comes up and threads itself through the hair on the crown of his head, pulling gently as he pets through it. His eyes are glazed over, shrouded with lust and Castiel’s breath catches when Dean’s hand cups his cheek, mirroring what he had done earlier.
“I’ll start digging into the lore while I ‘translate God's death book’.” Sam smiles at his little joke but Dean can’t find it in himself to join in.
Dean stops. He sends his eyes over to Castiel, the man isn't looking at him, instead he’s staring at Jody as though she’s grown an extra head. Taking this job, whatever it is, would with absolute certainty mean leaving Cas, and Dean’s not sure if he can do that. A pit opens in his stomach, plunging his heart down to its fathomless depth.
Another stab to his chest has him choking back a sob.
“You stole from your Ma?” he asks incredulously as some of the fear in his chest dissipates. At best he’d been hoping for a clean shirt and instead, he got gauze, that same wash they used on his injuries and bandages.
“Dean please, shouldn't we do something?” he implores.
He lays the bag against the siding of the barn and calls to him.
When night comes and Sam heads off to bed, and Jack heads off to do whatever young adults who are actually three year olds, but are
“My ma didn’t think she’d ever settle down, she's told us as much before. She went to college,” he pauses at Dean’s expression before clarifying, “My mother's side of the family is quite influential, affluent even, so she was able to go to college, she studied and worked but then she met my pa. I don't think she ever regretted her choice to be a mother over becoming a nurse until Gadreel.” Cas looks down at his hands, brushing some of the dust off of his palms from where he had used them to balance himself while checking Dean’s leg. He lets out a heavy breath and continues, “She taught us all to some degree, most of it was as a punishment of sorts. If we caused the injury to whomever we needed to be responsible for it getting dealt with so they could get better.”
His body aches to press against Dean’s, his thoughts already driven indecent by having Dean this close. Without thinking, his tongue slips past his own bottom lip and his breath catches as Dean’s eyes flick down at the movement. Resting his other hand against Dean’s hip, he tightens his fingers, faintly gripping the hair at the base of his neck and with a final look into Dean’s eyes—which he notes with some satisfaction are already slipping shut—brushes his lips against Dean’s. Gentle, testing to start but the apprehension doesn’t last.
But then Cas showed up, and under no obligation to Dean, was ready with a smile, a story, a friendship, and little by little he remembered.
“Please Cas,” he says as their eyes lock.
“Would you ever show me how to use it?”
“Tell me a good memory,” he requests, a shine of unshed tears just barely visible in his fathomless blue eyes.
“I’d love to go to the stables with you, if only to inform you of what care Ringer will likely need but unfortunately, we are a bit held up here. I hope to be by some time later today to see everything firsthand,” Dean tells him. Kevin nods and moves up to Ringer's shoulder, talking to him in a low voice.
Dean debates not telling her, still hyper vigilant about their surroundings but being so close to Jody’s, finally in a place that has a sense of safety to it, he figures there's not much harm to be had.
“Pa?” he asks.
As he looks longer at the frame, it begins to remind him instead of the thin scratches in the door frame of the schoolroom in the house; small initials written next to lines with ages etched into the wood. Some start at one—a first birthday tradition in their family—others start later, forever remembering the first day a new sibling came home.
Cas has made an immense difference in his life in mere weeks, how could he be willing to give that up?
“No worries Cas, you gotta talk about this stuff sometime, don't you?” Dean counters, hopefully hinting he’s been dying to know more about his life and his hatred of marriage.
Dean’s eyes snap up to meet Castiel’s and that has his orgasm washing over him with immense force. The image of his come painting Dean’s mouth makes it all the more intense.
“I don’t blame my parents, I may carry something of the kind for my siblings, but I learned not long after his death that I was a constant reminder that he wasn’t there anymore, that each time my parents looked at me they saw him. Gabriel did his best with me, it was a long time ago now, but I’ll never forget just how far he went. Brothers and sisters are supposed to be your playmates, but Gabriel was hell-bent on doing more than that. He moved into my room and read me the stories that I hadn’t yet been able to. By the time my parents made their way out of their grief, I was doing much better on my own. I still needed their support though, sometimes I got it and other times it was lacking, but Gabriel never wavered.” Cas stops and takes a shuddering breath in and releases it in a steady stream as though he’s letting something go. “And in case you aren’t following, you are the Gabriel in Sam’s story, Dean, but you played an even grander role because you had to play parent to him as well. Without you or your steadfast protection, Sam wouldn’t at all be the person he is now. You said he’s a good kid, that’s because you raised him yourself,” Cas says, staring so intensely into his eyes that Dean wants to look away so as not to crumble beneath the weight of it. But Castiel doesn’t let him.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel told him, a troubled look clouding his features. “I would have gotten us separate suites, but I was afraid my brother would try and access our travel records, and…”
“It wouldn’t work,” Dean replied, and nudged at Castiel with his elbow. “Cas, tell’er it wouldn’t work.”
A younger, shorter woman walked beside her, long dark hair pulled back in a straight ponytail, wide blue eyes dancing with amusement. She too carried a tennis racket, dressed similarly to the other woman, wearing a white pleated skirt and a sweater in soft canary yellow.
“So Anna, and Hael…?” Dean asked.
Even the air seemed expensive; Dean realized after a moment that he had been holding his breath.
The gardens at Holly House were about as sprawling as the mansion itself, carefully manicured and kept in perfect shape throughout the year, but especially during the tourist season. Even as Dean and Castiel walked the cobblestone paths, gardeners flitted about, pruning and fertilizing and replacing dying plants with new freshly blooming specimens.
“It’s not as though we haven’t slept together before, Dean,” Castiel pointed out, pushing his rolling suitcase beneath the bed with a low grunt.
Castiel’s expression darkened. “No, not quite,” he admitted. “We’re all more towards grey than black sheep, by virtue of my oldest brother.”
A flash of annoyance lances its way through his heart, it shouldn't be his job to make sure his brothers and sisters are raised into well-rounded individuals. He shouldn't have to worry about whether or not their potential will be lost in the process of them growing up in this house.
Their smiles shine into his face and it’s almost laughable how it heals him and hurts him in equal measure. It’s worse than when Gadreel died, but better somehow as well. He has a hope in him that this isn’t the last time he’ll be able to tell them he loves him. But then again hope is a dangerous thing, it’ll just as quickly chew you up and spit you out as it will deliver unto you all that you want.
“Castiel, hold on one moment please,” his father says. “Is this why you were asking about the state of the farm earlier this week?”
In the year that they’d been here, Gabriel had taken it upon himself to ensure that Cas and his siblings got a chance to see each other still, always bringing a couple along with him when he had cause to make his way out to them. The look of joy on Cas’ face when he gets to see his siblings is enough to light up the earth.
“I think my ma is so concerned about my unwillingness to find a wife because she thinks I'll end up like him,” Cas says. Then, in a voice barely louder than a whisper Dean could swear he hears Cas say, “If only she knew.”
Three days later they’ve stopped in or passed by five different towns, gathering minor supplies and food mostly for the days ahead where they'll be travelling without the guarantee of a town close enough to rely on. They take the time to stop in at a shop to buy Dean some new clothes, having only one set of work clothes that aren’t covered in blood isn’t going to cut it for much longer. For the first time in his life Dean owns not only work clothes but proper attire, fit for dinners or parties or just to impress people. He packs those away though, choosing—as Cas does—to wear his work clothes for the duration of their trip.
Now when he looks back to that day, he can’t help but laugh. Sam’s deadpan expression when Dean had blurted it out nearly gave him a heart attack, the silence didn’t help either and Dean had been so ready to just bail on the whole thing when Sam smiled at him and said, “I know Dean, I’ve known for a while, or thought at least. You deserve to be happy and if Cas does so, then I’m glad.”
It’s domineering, captivating in its power and Castiel finds himself going delirious with it. When Dean wrenches his mouth away for air, Castiel doesn't stop, moving down to the line of his jaw, the tender skin just below his ear and the warmth of Dean’s pulse point. He smirks against the wetted skin when Dean’s head falls back against the wall, and a sharp bolt of arousal carries itself down to rest low in his abdomen.
Dean hadn’t showed up at the Roadhouse at all after his performance, and Castiel had finally given up sometime after two in the morning. He and Charlie had shared a taxi back to the university campus on the other side of town, too tired to even share small talk.
“Good, because I was worried when you left, you seemed-“
“Oh no, I won’t have that on my conscience, I drive my new neighbor to IKEA and loose him in there, oh no. I’m coming with you,” Dean replied, half -jokingly, half-serious.
Castiel’s eyes snapped up to meet Dean’s.
I am your wife, if you will marry me;
“You’re not around here often, are ya? What’s your name?” Dean said, taking the hat with the hand not resting on the table.
“But I can’t leave you folks without a little somethin’, right?” Dean continued, and the audience cheered louder. Dean signaled to someone off stage, and a man in a mullet rushed out with a guitar and a microphone stand. Dean lifted the guitar strap over his shoulder and adjusted the microphone.
The following week was incredibly slow, and his supervisor was less than pleased with Castiel’s progress, or lack thereof. On top of his thesis related agony, his two roommates didn’t stop pestering him about whether he would return to the Roadhouse the coming Friday. He told them he wouldn’t, but Castiel had known the second he saw Dean walk out on that stage that he would be back.
“Fuck, Cas, I’m gonna-“ Dean groaned, burying his face in Castiel’s neck as he came, followed shortly by Castiel who came with a shout, white streaks painting their T-shirts. They stayed like that, pressed against the wall, until Castiel stretched his leg, reaching down to stand. Dean helped him, and smiled goofily, before leaning forward to place a chaste kiss on Castiel’s lips, hands coming to rest at the shorter man’s hips. Castiel smiled back, sneaking his arms around Dean’s waist, head resting on Dean’s chest, listening to Dean’s heartbeat that was slowing down.
Can't help myself, I fall in love with you
with someone was in college. So I don’t know what to do. Because I want to. And I like you, a lot. And this makes me nervous and I’m a kindergarten teacher, so I don’t really have the time to think about these things but if I would have sex I’d have sex with you. Because I lo- trust you,” he rambles, words tangling in his tongue, tripping on his lips.
”So, Cas, what’s your party trick?” the man from sales sitting next to Castiel asks. Castiel sighs, it is yet another Christmas dinner organized by the company he works at, and he is ordered to be there ‘or be square’, whatever that means. He wonders for a moment how the man knows his name, but then he remembers the pink and flowery self-adhesive sticker with his name on that Becky had almost attacked him with the minute he stepped through the doors. Some wore it with pride, like Becky herself and Zachariah, the manager. Castiel finds them superfluous; he knows the names of those he needs to know the names of. The man coughs, to get Castiel’s attention.
“If you’re sure,” Castiel said, fiddling with the sleeves of his trench coat. It had been less than a week since they first met, the day that Castiel had moved in. It had been less than a week, but Dean had already helped him unpack almost all of his stuff, and cooked him dinner three nights. That had all been nice, it felt comfortable and conversation flowed easily. But this? Going to IKEA, that is something couples do, families with children, newly-weds moving into their picket fence house. Not neighbors that barely even know each other. Castiel had agreed to Dean driving him, it was only logical after all. But walking around and choosing furniture and decorations for his new home? That felt so
“But come on Cassie, it’s the first Friday in March and you know what that means!” Gabriel pleaded, trying to convince Castiel with his best puppy-eyes.
Castiel rolled his eyes at her but blushed behind his raised beer glass.
“No problem, hope you two find something nice for your new apartment,” she said and smiled. Castiel looked up and began to protest, but Dean just nodded again in thanks and pulled him away.
“Thanks sweetheart, we’ll go look at the ones you talked about,” Dean said, apparently the girl had finished. Castiel hadn’t noticed.
Just one touch and then it happens every time
“Stop fiddling Cassie, Gabe and I put a lot of effort into your look,” Balthazar said with a frown, looking disapprovingly at his annoyed friend.
His luck doesn’t hold when Dean bends down to pick it up for him and sees the drawing. For the second time this morning he wants nothing more than to sink through the floor.
“You’re beautiful, Dean,” Castiel whispered, letting his fingers run over Dean’s forehead, lightly brushing away stray hairs. “I’m so, so lucky.”
The audience fell silent, transfixed by Dean’s movements just like Castiel. The bull started slowly, tipping forwards and turning. Dean expertly rolled his hips in time with the bull’s movements and used his raised hand to stabilize himself. As the bull sped up the audience resumed whistling and hollering. Through it all Castiel could hear Dean’s laughter and the stupid handkerchief felt even warmer and tighter than it had felt before.
“I don’t think that’s possible,” he said earnestly, before turning back to his shelf, “Now, Dean, white or birch?”
Beyond all limit of what else i' the world
“Cas-?” Dean had begun, abruptly stopping when Castiel threw his arms around the taller man’s neck. Dean chuckled quietly, and smiled into the kiss that Castiel placed on his lips. A kiss that begun just as chaste as the previous, but that soon grew heated and heavy. Dean licked along the seam of Castiel’s lips, coaxing his way inside. They had kissed for another minute, before Castiel pulled away, whispering a ‘good night, Dean’ before walking back to where he left his bag at the coffee shop.
“Well, you’re the first person to really mean it, from the inside and out. My customers are superficial, I’m beautiful because that’s my job, and not- Not because they would think so otherwise,” Dean mumbles into Castiel’s hair, and Castiel feels his stomach clench. Dean doesn’t think he’s beautiful?
But the absolute worst thing about this day was that Castiel still wouldn’t be home once Dean finally managed to finish up his work at the garage. He wouldn’t be back until Sunday from his very important conference on the implications of the newly found Bible fragments, where Castiel was a keynote speaker. Dean was so incredibly proud of his husband, but sometimes he just wished that being a professor didn’t entail just as much travelling as it did.
O heaven, O earth, bear witness to this sound
“Dean,” Castiel whined, reaching up with his free hand. Dean just stretched, moving the paper even further away from Castiel. Deciding on a new strategy, Castiel snuck the hand he had underneath Dean’s shirt lower, until it dipped beneath the waistband of Dean’s briefs, fingers moving in gentle circles. Dean gasped and backed up against the wall, the paper still held high above his head. Castiel began sucking at a spot just below Dean’s ear and he fiddled with Dean’s pants, working the buttons open. The larger man was writhing beneath his touch and Castiel smiled, nibbling at Dean’s ear.
It goes on, I see,
He barely had time to get angry before a spotlight focused on the far left of the dimly lit stage and, he supposed, Dean Winchester walked out into it. The bar cheered and hollered, someone whistled appreciatively. Castiel stared. It was him; it was the man from the poster. Castiel felt heat rising on his cheeks, but he couldn’t look away. Dean was, if possible, even more beautiful in real life. Dean had a blue denim shirt with a black leather vest covered in patches over it, and dark blue jeans with black chaps. As he looked out on the audience, he tipped his black hat to the cheers and the hollering, smiling wide. Castiel couldn’t breathe and wanted nothing more than to slip away quietly. This was too embarrassing.
“Thank you for- I mean- I need to go, I-” Castiel mumbles and gathers the rest of his clothes in a bundle, probably crushing his glasses in his hurry, but he can’t really care. He just needs to get away, get back to his room and sink through the floor there instead.
“My name is Castiel,” he mumbles and shakes Dean’s hand as he tries to cover his notebook with his other arm, but only succeeding in shoving it down on the floor between them. At least it lands face down; the last thing he needs is Dean seeing that he’s sitting in class, drawing his face.
“’m fine,” he mutters and allows the man to help him up. He reaches down to pull up his boxers, and the guy averts his eyes again, looking intently into the shower cubicle. Yet another point for straight. Or he’s just polite.
On that which breeds between 'em!” Crowley reads and Castiel almost sends him a glare for interrupting his and Dean’s moment. But then he remembers, it’s not their ‘moment’, they’re just reading Shakespeare. Nothing special.
A prince, Miranda; I do think, a king;
They had forced him into a light denim shirt, dark wash jeans and as a cherry on top Gabriel had tied a blue handkerchief around his neck before they left. As they sat in the taxi on their way over to the Roadhouse where these Rodeo Nights were taking place Castiel kept pulling at the handkerchief.
7.01 pm:
“No, I don’t know what it means, and you know I don’t care,” Castiel grumbled, re-reading the same sentence about the importance of school libraries for children’s future reading for a third time.
He stumbled into the shower and let the embarrassment of the previous night wash off him and willed himself to follow through with his plan. He couldn’t afford to be this distracted right now anyway, he had a thesis to write and a degree to complete.
He glances around the room half an hour later to find Dean. He spots him in the darkest corner of the room, huddled together with another employee from IT, Charlene, going by the name Charlie, if he remembers correctly, which he probably does. Dean and Charlie seem to be whispering, Charlie pressed up against Dean, whispering in his ear. Castiel sees Dean laughing, and he feels something turn in his stomach. Is this what people call jealousy?
“Dean,” Castiel moaned, “
“Well, I have some sad news folks,” Dean said suddenly, and the audience quieted down. “The bull’s broken, so no ridin’ tonight. Must’ve ridden it real wild last weekend!”
“Dean?” he finally asks, closing his eyes instead of looking up at Dean. He feels Dean’s whole chest vibrate as he hums in affirmation. Castiel takes a deep breath and intertwines their fingers before finally turning towards the stripper-mechanic-nerd-boyfriend? sitting next to him.
“Cas? You know that you can tell me everything, right?” Dean finally says when Castiel refuses to try again, pointedly looking at their hands resting on Dean’s stomach. Dean shrugs his shoulder to get Castiel to look up at him, and not being able to refuse him, Castiel gives in. Worried green eyes meet his and he swallows. Dean really means it. He can tell him everything.
Castiel had never been this flustered, and probably this turned on, his entire life. He took a big sip of his beer with closed eyes, trying to calm himself and willing his blush to die down. He turned back around to glare at his friends again but came face to face with Dean instead. The recently faded blush returned with full force.
He arrived at the Roadhouse just after noon, leaving his bike leaning against a tree. He wouldn’t be long, there was no need to lock it. He took a deep breath and resolutely walked over to the main building, pushing the doors open. The room was empty, save for the lingering smell of beer spilled the night before. He walked up to the bar and placed Dean’s hat on top of it. He contemplated just leaving it there, but what if someone stole it? Castiel sighed and rung the little bell to his left.
“I- I was just wondering… If you’re not going to keep that,” he says and points at the folded drawing,” can I keep it?”
Dean felt his eyes mist up and met Castiel’s eyes, where a look of wonder met his. Castiel shook his head slightly, as if to tell Dean he hadn’t put Jack up to this.
“It’s the first Rodeo Night Cas, surely you haven’t missed the posters all over town?” Balthazar drawled, leaning against the doorframe, his leatherjacket slung over his shoulder. Castiel had in fact noticed the posters, mostly because of the beautiful face plastered on them. The greenest eyes he had ever seen, freckles and dark blond hair peeking out from under a cowboy hat. Castiel would lie if he said he hadn’t had a daydream or two about the mysterious cowboy.
Die Liebe aufgegangen.
“Yes, the conference ended this morning, and I couldn’t stand a whole weekend with those stuffy old-,” Castiel laughed, before sensing Dean’s anxiety. “What’s the matter, Dean?”
“Wow, really?” Dean gasped, dumping the grocery bags on the table. “That’s really cool kiddo!” Dean smiled at Cas over the babbling of their four-year-old, mouthing an
What I desire to give, and much less take
“Maybe he just got held up,” Charlie suggested helpfully, “I’m sure it’s nothing, Cas.”
Dean had an awful day at work, both Bobby and Benny were home with the stomach bug that had knocked Dean himself out earlier in the week, so here he was, behind on his work and alone in the garage on a Friday afternoon. On top of that, his least favorite customer in the whole world had come by, demanding that Dean inspect his car right that very second. Dean had tried to protest, but he knew that Alastair would only hang around longer if he didn’t get his way.
Heaven is that moment when I look into your eyes
Three hours later he’s sitting in one of the stranger lecture halls for today’s lecture on Shakespeare. The course is elective, and since Castiel is Castiel he couldn’t help himself. A whole course with only Shakespeare.
“Put your arms around my neck,” Dean whispered, rolling his hips once, sliding his cock along Castiel’s. The other man did as he was told and clutched at Dean’s T-shirt when he felt hands on the back of his thighs, lifting them up to wrap around Dean’s waist.
How I may bear me here: my prime request,
“Do you love me?” he says again, looking into Dean’s eyes, smiling slightly at the wink Dean sends him.
My heart fly to your service; there resides,
books, Dean,” he muttered.
“Aw Cassie, you can’t give up so soon,” Balthazar complained. “This is your literal dream man, and you’re going to let him go!”
“Daddy!” he squealed and jumped down from the bench he had been standing on, running over to Dean. “Me and Dad fixed some plants and now I have one, and I planted it and Daddy come look!” Jack tugged at Dean’s leg, urging him on.
“Heinrich Heine’s poem about the month of May, I could translate it for you some time if you want,” Castiel says, before realizing he actually offers Dean to meet with him again, so he adds, “only if you want, you don’t- you probably have better things to do,” and blushes, tearing his gaze away from the green of Dean’s eyes.
. He gasps and instinctively rolls his hips up, pressing up against Dean.
“A party trick,” Dean explains, “isn’t something you bring. It’s something you can do, like a card trick or wiggling your eyebrows. So, what’s your?”
“But seriously, Cas, look at this sofa-chair-thing-“ he mumbled through the kisses Castiel continued to pepper his lips with. He finally surrendered and leaned into the touch once more, swiping his tongue along Castiel’s bottom lip, asking for entrance, hips pressing against hips. Castiel gasped and allowed Dean’s tongue to lick into his mouth, drawing a moan from his lips.
