Dean lifted his hand to the knob but before he could open the door, it swung open forcefully and Dean was face to face with Sam.  "Dean!"
Charlie sighed and looked up at Dean.  She put her highlighter down, "That's kind of a good point, man.  Why don't you go home and take a shower or something before religious ed?"
Dean’s eyes lifted up in search of Castiel.  He could feel his heart pounding a mile a minute and all he wanted was to see those big blue eyes.  When he finally made eye contact with Cas, he saw that Cas too was fighting off emotion as Dean stared back at him meaningfully.  Flashes of him and Cas sitting together and talking about Mary and John, holding each other in Dean’s back porch, singing and laughing together in the suite and at Adam’s house parties entered Dean’s mind, and Dean was suddenly calm.  Looking into the blue pools of beauty, wisdom, and understanding he uttered out the final line of the chorus, “
Ellen ran her tongue over her teeth, "Alright boys, now get out of here before you go and make me emotional.", she said, pushing Castiel out the door.  Cas laughed and bellowed out one final goodbye before walking out the door and down the steps to the Impala.
She crossed her arms and scoffed, "I mean, I could always just tell Ellen when I drop her check off that you're acting weird and that I'm worried about you, and then you'll have her to answer to."
Gabriel smiled at him and bowed, "Though I appreciate your skills, my lovely Baz, I knew you wouldn't be able to resist dropping in on Cas getting drunk for the first time.  I was looking for an intimate moment and I knew that you weren't going to be able to make it through."
After a clumsy escape from the bathroom, Dean and Cas have a hard time keeping their hands to themselves and returning to the group.  The two share a tender moment.
P.S. Just a reminder that I actually went to God Camp as a teenager so, all the shit that they do here, I actually had to do with a bunch of my peers as an awkward 16 y/o (even the bus singing)
Castiel’s eyes were the size of the moon as he realized what was about to happen, and Dean flashed him a wicked grin just before leaning down over him and attacking him with tickles and quick sweet kisses on his cheeks and nose.
Gabriel arched an eyebrow and then slid down the wall next to the door to sit next to Cas, handing him a beer.  Cas smiled and thanked him before opening it to take a sip when Gabe asked, "Did you finally put Dean's dick in your mouth and now you feel weird about it?"
Jess just laughed and so did Dean, and then he leaned over and gave her a hug.  "I'm so glad you're home.", Jess said as she rubbed her hand across his back.
He quickly took a bandana out of his pocket from one of the earlier activities of the day to wipe off his hand and clean Cas up.  Castiel was quiet as his breathing slowed down back to its normal rhythm.
Dean looked at Cas with confused eyes, feeling a little bit bad about the fact that this fact cheered him up a little.  Cas contined, "I was smiling and talking back to him to be polite but, his breath was horrid."
Ellen sighed, "We should all come up and see you one of these weekends and take you out to lunch before you have to go to your class."  Ellen thought for a second, "Wait, isn't it 5 o'clock?"
Dean nodded, still looking off in the distance, "He definitely would.  Cas is like catnip for him.  The guy's got something for the quiet dorky ones."
Dean's face darkened with crimson, both with embarrassment and internal panic.  Before Dean could respond or go into a full mental breakdown, Gabe decided to actually answer with some sincerity.
Dean wrapped his arm around Castiel’s shoulder and pulled him in quickly for a peck on the side of his head before saying, “I’m gonna go in a lay down.  You wiped me out, champ.”  Dean reached up and ruffled Castiel’s hair.
."  On the third time, Gabriel and Balthazar started to laugh and began singing too, "This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine," Balthazar stood on his chair and yelled, "EVERYBODY!" and waved his arm up to encourage them, and quickly, everyone else joined in chorus, "LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHIIIINE."
Dean could feel his neck and face start to heat up as Cas moved his lips down slowly to his jaw and then down to his neck more.  Dean held his breath and felt his arms move from his face down and around Castiel’s back as Cas kissed him.  Dean’s hands traveled on the surface of Cas’s shirt and lightly squeezed his somewhat soft sides.  Dean exhaled as Cas darted his tongue out against Dean’s rough stubble when suddenly Cas jerked back hard and let out a little squeak.
Dean listened to Cas go into his room and dig around for a cup to use when he called out to him, "What about you, Cas?"
That's when Dean heard a loud moan.  At first he thought it was Castiel, but Cas had stopped kissing him.  Dean pulled back a little and opened his eys to see Cas tilting his ear up toward the door to listen for more noises coming from outside the bathroom.  There was another breathy moan.  Cas looked down at Dean with a surprised and confused smile, silently asking,
The more Cas thought about Dean though, the more he thought about the possibility of the two of them being together.  Sure, he had always fantasized about it when he was with Dean and even when he was on his own, but he hadn't actually thought about it in a real way until the almost kiss that happened in Dean's room a few nights ago.  Then there was the time on the kitchen floor, and then of course, the moment that Cas had just walked away from.  There was an actual possibility now, and Cas wasn't sure what to do.  What if Dean just thought he was attractive and was looking for a hookup?  Cas had never done anything like that before, and Cas knew that doing something like that with Dean would be catastrophic considering the actual feelings that he had for Dean.  Pretending that they weren't real and allowing Dean to take him as a casual lover would be damaging to Cas, as much as he might want to give in.  What if Dean just felt bad for Cas because of what had happened with his dad and so he was just going along with Cas out of fear that he would upset him more?  Or, the worst possible option of them all, what if Dean actually liked Cas as Cas liked him?  Cas's giddy and soft expression was now twisted into a thoughtful and confused one.  He was still squatting amongst his belongings when he heard a voice call out to him from a couple feet away.
Jess was only gone for about 10 minutes.  When she returned she grabbed two Caprisuns and slammed herself on the couch with Dean and let him open up to her about what had been going on.  He told her about the tequila, the crying, the too long glances, the dancing, the singing, the car rides, the movies, the texts, the conversations, and the snowflakes.  He even told her about the Benny scare.  Once he finished laying it all out for her, she smiled and leaned over to put her arm around Dean, pulling him towards her and then rubbing his arm quickly to comfort him.
Dean chocked on his food and coughed a little to make it go down the correct pipe, "Excuse me?  Is Sam in rehab?"
Gabriel didn't hide his laughter this time.  Instead he howled out a laugh so loud that it rang across their suite as Cas threw his head down on his knees that he had now pulled up to his chest.  Hearing the commotion, Balthazar came out of his room and made his way toward the two of them.  "Hey, Cassie baby!", Balthazar greeted, "Did you enjoy your sexcation?"
"Oh, cher, you are too good to me" Benny sighed, as he inhaled the smell of the food into his lungs.
Hannah shrugged with her typical shit eating grin, "They didn't.  I went one night and just did it."
Dean normally save this kind of behavior for when he allowed himself to really get into the darker and more controlling part of his sexual preferences, but with Cas panting beautifully underneath his hand, Dean couldn’t manage to think before he acted.
Cas bit his lip and looked around, avoiding eye contact.  Finally, he muttered out, “I’m really ticklish, okay?”
Chuck finally removed his glare from the four of them before continuing.  "As I was saying, today is going to be light.  I want you all to mostly just get used to one another, since we will be sharing pretty close quarters for the next few days.  Hope you brought your warm clothes."  The whole group groaned before loading on the bus.
Cas reached his hand underneath the table dividing them as they sang along with the group, and grabbed Dean's hand.  Castiel's eyes were filled with nothing but appreciation and warmth.  Dean squeezed his hand and winked back.  They stayed like that for a while, holding hands under the table and looking into each other's eyes.  Gabriel and Balthazar were too busy playing air guitar and dramatic fake drum solos to notice.  Or maybe, they were just pretending not to notice to give them some time to appreciate the moment together.
Dean looked down at his phone and giggled.  He didn't have to think twice.  He was out the door faster than he could remember the name of their building.
Castiel was peaking his head out a little from the corner to look at the stranger, who had a hand over his chest, seemingly as startled as Castiel felt.
If Cas could bother to be embarrassed, he might have cared that he was about 10 seconds into kissing Dean and was already to moan into his mouth, but he didn’t have it in him.  All he needed was Dean.  Now.
He heard Cas chuckle a bit and then saw his blue eyes look behind at Dean and smile.  Dean got lost in the blue for a minute before he heard Ellen break the silence, "I know an easy way for you to burn a few of the calories you just ate.  Cas.  Dean.  You're on dish duty."
This is kind of a short one, and there isn't much story progression per say, but it provides a lot of insight and character information.  I'm sorry that I'm a little slow in my plot progression but, it feels more realistic to me when you get a chance to see these kinds of interactions unfold.  In my experience anyway, these types of things actually end up taking this long because people can't get out of their own way.  I understand though that it's frustrating to read through in a fic setting though. I appreciate your patience greatly, however, and I hope that you'll stick around to see it all unfold.
Castiel was soaring.  His heart, body, and mind were soaring in bliss and he wanted to chase this high forever.  He couldn’t wait to get his hands on Dean.
"Hm?" Cas grunted, asking what Dean was laughing at without using his words as he fiddled with his keys to get the suite door open.
That’s when it happened.  Castiel Novak shut his eyes, but reached out to touch Dean’s face as he came.  Dean felt the hot cum burst out and coat his hand as Cas convulsed underneath him and then cried out.  Dean stroked him through it until Castiel finally came down and opened his eyes again to look at Dean.  It was the most beautiful thing that Dean had ever seen.
"Love you too" Dean replied as he hung up the phone.  He took one final deep breath and gave himself a mental pep talk before walking back in.
Dean saluted the two girls and ran to the door, Castiel lagging under neither him.  Thankfully, they were able to make it out to the driveway before Cas let any out.  When they finally stopped though, it all dumped out of Cas and didn't stop for a while.  Dean leaned over with him and patted his back as Cas vomited into the patch of dandelions against the side of the house.  "It's okay, buddy." Dean reassured him, "We've all been here, just let it out."
He sat in his car for a few minutes debating.  He was completely lost in thought when he nearly jumped out of his skin to a hard slam against his driver side window.
Castiel's hand wrapped around Dean's head and his fingers curled into the hairs at the base of Dean's neck tightly.  Cas still seemed a little to taken aback to speak, but his eyes said it all.  He looked up at Dean through his eyelashes with a look of bewilderment and adoration before gripping his own bottom lip in between his teeth.  Finally after a few minutes Cas spoke softly, his voice sounding like he just ran a marathon, "Thank you for being impatient", and smiled a shy grin.
They walked into the common area and Dean answered, "Oh, nothing.  Jess just sent me a picture of the family."
“CAS?!” He yelled out into the abyss of dark tall trees in front of him.  The loud music and laughter coming from their campsite reassured Dean that there was no way anyone over there could hear him yelling.
Dean heard the door close down stairs and then looked at his phone to see what time it was.  It was only 10:30 in the morning, so he didn't know who it could be.  Everyone was either at work or school.  He reached over to the side of his desk to the baseball that he kept there and picked it up slowly before tip toing out of his room and down the stairs.  He held the bat up to his shoulder and held his breath, trying to be as quiet as possible.  Whoever it was, he could hear them walking into the kitchen, and a few soft thuds.  Dean continued down the stairs, his palms sweating against the wood of the bat and his breath quickening in anticipation.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut and held his breath before finally jumping down from his spot on the sill.  Dean was ready to grab him, and actually managed to do so, before falling backwards, Cas in his arms, due to Dean’s lack of preparation of Castiel’s weight hitting him so quickly.   They were on the ground in seconds and Dean quickly sat up in fear that he has seriously hurt Cas.
Cas nodded slightly, taking in all that Dean had to say, looking at him in the eyes with that same knowing look that he had shown Dean in the car those weeks ago.  Dean took a leap and kept talking, feeling exposed, but still safe.  "Jess came over every night with dinner for us.  Every night.  She would go grocery shopping with Ellen, would drive Bobby to work when they had to sell Bobby's car in order to compensate for the newfound expense that Sam and I brought to the house, and she just listened.  She listened to me, Sam, Jo, and everyone else in our house.  Because we were all uprooted from our lives and shuffled together like a new deck of cards in a poker game for the first time.  She had this way of making us all feel heard and valid without allowing us to wallow in self-pity.  She just got it."  Dean could feel his tears poking into his eyes, "I'll never be able to repay her for all she did for us.  She's a Winchester-Singer through and through."
Dinner was delicious and Dean was all but 400 pounds heavier once it was time to clean up.  He leaned back in his chair and rubbed his stomach in discomfort, "I think I went a little too hard on that one, gang."
Cas smiled wide and nibbled on his bottom lip, "I would love to come, thank you for inviting us.", he replied, not breaking eye contact with Dean until Ruby spoke.
"Woah, woah there buddy" Dean said, putting his hand on Castiel's back as he chugged, "Careful with that thing"
There's only a little more than a month left until confirmation, which means that the retreat is coming.  Cas, Gabriel, Balthazar, and Dean are getting prepared for the weekend long trip with Chuck and Jesus.
Dean softly treaded his fingertips across the ink on the index card and smiled like a giddy 13 year old.  Cas could have easily texted him, but instead he left a note.  How cute.  Dean decided to pick it up and put it in his nightstand drawer.  He didn't want Benny to come home and read it.  Maybe Benny had been there when Cas wrote it, but Dean quickly deflected that thought, not wanting it to ruin the moment.  That's when his phone started to ring.
"Who are you, and why are you in my kitchen?" Castiel growled, trying hard not to soften under the tender, and honestly fond gaze he was receiving.
Dean looked over to find Cassie walking through their old row of seats to the isle, and then walking up the steps to meet the rest of them.  "You would think walking around was too much to ask" he quipped, rolling his eyes.  Cassie finally walked up in front of Dean and leaned on the seat in front of him.  He reached his hand out to shake Dean's and said, "I'm Castiel.  I'm a mythology major."
It took them about an hour to get it all together and Gabe and Balthazar just laid down on the ground around the half way mark and just let the rest of the group do the work.  Chuck definitely saw them, but didn’t seem to want to argue with them enough to say anything about it.
She chuckled a little bit and then looked at Dean with sincerity.  "When he would talk, your whole face and body relaxed like you were floating.  But, at the same time, you were so focused.  I've never seen you concentrate so hard when someone's talking like you do with him, even when he's not talking to you.  You just hang on that boys every word."
"Oh yeah, because a religious ed class is a good place to pick people up?" Dean snorted as he let himself be pushed out the door and into the hallway.  He slung his backpack over his shoulder and left for the theology building.
That's when the two of them heard the front door to the cabin slam open.  Dean froze and so did Cas, there lips still locked, but eyes open now, looking at the bathroom door in confusion.  They didn't hear anything for a minute.  Dean figured it must have been someone coming in quickly to get an extra scarf or something.  Dean looked back at Cas, who shrugged, and they went back at it.  Dean's tongue roamed around Castiel's mouth frantically as he pushed their bodies up against one of the bathroom walls.  The position now easing up a bit on Dean's upper arm strength now that he had the support of the wall to keep Cas up.  Cas gasped against Dean's mouth and his hands moved down from his hair into the back of his shirt and flannel, slightly massaging the skin there.
Charlie ran into the coffee shop with her hands up to her head, trying to shove all of her hair into a ponytail.  She slammed herself down on the red stool next to Dean's, and he slid the drink that he had bought for her over into the counter space in front of her.  "You are my knight in shining armor, Winchester."  Charlie continued to take a gigantic gulp from the cup and winced from the temperature, but still did not stop.
He heard Ellen's hearty laugh from the other side of the phone, "Interesting introduction, Dean.  Okay.  I could use some entertainment!"
Suddenly Dean was pressed flat against Cas.  Cas could feel the bark biting into his back as Dean pinned him down with his weight, the two of them chest to chest.  That’s when he felt Dean’s right hand slide down Castiel’s chest, passed his stomach, and then finally,
It was 8:05 in the morning, and Dean called Ellen to let him know that they were coming.  "I haven't picked them up yet, but we'll be there on time.  I told them that church started at 9:15 and that we would be leaving at 8:30."
Cas sighed and put his head in his hands before he heard his brother stand up from the couch in the common area and walk towards him, his slippers shuffling loudly against the marble floor.  Once he heard Gabriel stop in front of him, Cas peeked up at his older brother through his fingers and watched him give Cas an earnest and questioning look before asking, "What's going on, baby bro?"
The people coming in to attend the class seemed normal enough.  Dean wondered what it was that made them decide to come back and do this.  Maybe the same reason he was there.  There were about ten of them sitting there, himself included, and Dean put his feet up on the desk to make himself comfortable before the lecture started.
Dean followed Cas to a different section of clothes and folded next to him.  "We'll see if a hangover will really make my chemistry class more interesting."
Benny rolled his eyes and walked over to Dean, dropping his order of dumplings and general tso chicken next to his head before sliding a chair over to sit next to him.  Dean finally picked his head up to open his food containers, eyes still sunken in from lack of sleep.
"I'm goinna bed, you better set that alarm boy, you know the rules 'roun here."  And he was gone.  Disappeared into his bedroom with a door slam.
"If you said you live in Belington, you must have to take a left here, right?" Castiel asked, pointing just a few feet ahead of them.
Dean shook his head and stood up, smiling back at Cas before he walked out of the room to talk to Ellen.  After he assured her that Cas was fine after his slip, they cleaned up the floor from the mess that they had made, and finished up cleaning up the mess from dinner together.  The music continued on, but the two of them agreed to actually focus this time.
Dean grimaced.  Castiel was still sick?  I guess for your first hangover you should just go big or go home.  "I didn't do anything to him, he was the one who decided to chug the tequila like it was water."
"I wouldn't be too worried, pal.  That was a really beautiful scene you two just shared with the class.  He just walked into the tree line over there."  He pointed to a stretch of woods about 10 feet away from them.  Dean had to pretend that he wasn't kind of afraid to go in there.  It being dark out and, in the woods, and all that.  He knew that Cas was in there though, and he needed to see him and talk to him.
finished with your snide remarks, Mr. Novak, I’d like to explain the next part of the evening.”  Chuck glared down at all of them firmly.
Cas's eyes darted over to Dean's in shock.  Dean looked right back at him with a smile and began to sing louder.  Cas shook his head and smiled back before joining Dean in song with the radio station.  The entire bus turned to look at them in silence.  The music seemed to get louder, either by Chuck or the bus driver, and the two of them began on the next line, just looking at each other with smiles the size of their whole faces.  "
and opened the door slowly and quietly, hoping that whoever was out there wouldn't see them.  The door was cracked ever so slightly, but they could still see what they needed to.  Dean felt Cas put his hand on Dean's shoulder and peak his head under Dean's arm to look too.
"Hi Dean!" Ruby called out from behind the bathroom door, where she and Bela had moved to clean themselves up.
The way their buildings worked on campus, was that you were able to get into other people's buildings during the day, but after midnight until about 6 am, your card only works on your own building.  Cas was locked out.  Dean nodded and looked at Castiel, who was now lost in thought again and still swaying in his spot.  He was now looking down at a button he had found in his pocket and was inspecting it closely.
“Beautiful choice, Dean.  Do you need the lyrics out?” Chuck asked, seemingly unaware that Dean was getting emotional.
Dean snorted and Castiel's face blushed in embarrassment.  Balthazar leaned back so the four of them could hear him and whispered, "Oh fuck, we're not gonna last long guys.", when Chuck cleared his throat obnoxiously loud to get him to stop talking.  He took the hint and looked around awkwardly before taking a huge gulp of coffee.
Dean had made it out first.  Thankfully he was able to reach a nearby tree branch to grab onto in order to guide him to the ground relatively smoothly.  Cas wasn't so lucky though.  He had made it through the window, and was now sitting on the sill, but his arm wasn't quite long enough to reach the branch and Dean could tell that he was starting to get a little nervous.  Castiel looked around nervously, his beautiful blue eyes getting wider as his knuckles started to whiten on the sill beside his hips.
Dean looked back over at Cas, who was now lost, again, in a completely different song with the rest of the company they had arrived with.  His smile was wide and the sweat glinted off of him as the strobe lights drifted over his figure.  Cas looked over at him and waved his hand for Dean to come over, and Dean smiled.  Of course, following Cas without a second thought.
Dean started to kiss his cheeks, his nose, his eyelids, and Cas managed to mumble out, “Dean, please.”
It's not like Castiel was deflecting out of internalized homophobia.  He was out and proud at home.  Even though no one expected it, his family literally did not care at all that he liked men.  Not one bit.  In fact, the fact that he left for Northeastern was more of a shock to the system than his admittance of his sexuality.
get drunk if we were there because his uncontrollable urge to mother me even though he is my little brother will never stop, and I believe that it was about time he had some fun."
Dean and Castiel showed up at the homeless shelter with the others that chose that route.  There was only 2 other people with them.  A surprisingly large amount of people chose the babysitting option, much to Dean and Castiel's surprise.  Their names were Bela and Ruby, and they seemed nice enough.  Dean talked to them a lot about their classes and other college experiences as they worked.  Dean could tell they were forced by their parents to be there to by their serious amount of contempt for where they found themselves.  They could barely make it 5 minutes without complaining that they didn't want to be there.  Their negativity didn't seem to get to Cas though.  He just continued folding and organizing clothes, seemingly unaware that they were even talking.
Maybe they were worth being friends with, because Dean found himself wondering how he didn't think of that first.
Dean walked through the finish line of finals week on all fours and barely breathing, but he did it.  Grades still wouldn't be in for another week or so, but Dean wasn't going to let it bother him too much.  He knew stressing about what he may have gotten would do nothing to affect his scores at this point, so he just put the thought out of his mind.  Winter break was about three weeks, and Dean was incredibly excited to go home and do nothing but relax for a little while.  Well, do nothing but relax, and work at Bobby's auto shop that is.  He knew he wouldn't get away with sitting on his ass the whole time.  Bobby wouldn't allow it.  Dean didn't necessarily mind though.  He loved working on cars.  He would just pop in his headphones and jam out as he worked, usually allowing himself time to think as well.
"Hey, Cas?", Dean called out almost in a whisper, careful not to bring Cas out of his train of thought to forcefully.  Cas blinked a few times, allowing himself to return back to the room and looked at Dean expectantly.  "Do you mind if I hook up my speaker and we listen to some tunes?"
Cas threw his coat and keys down on the couch and ran over to Dean excitedly, "Ooh!  I want to see!"  He took the phone from Dean's hand and looked for himself.  A contented and appreciative smile crawled onto his face. "Jess is very beautiful"
"Well, when I took off after you, I heard Chuck tell Baz's team to join up with ours to make up for our abscenses.", Cas pointed at the two of them, "And I guess Baz doesn't mind the egg smell."
?" Dean stammered, directing his words at his friend, standing in the doorway rather than answering Bobby.
The bible camp lyric almost made me choke on my food it was so hilarious, and as someone who has been to "bible camp" or as we called it, "God camp", I can promise you that shit like that happens lmao.
Sam huffed a quick laugh out of his nose and looked up at Dean with a small smile.  "You're praying that an old lady is sick because you were too stupid to watch your own drinking habits last night?"  Sam shook his head, but kept laughing anyway.  "That's fucked up, man."
Dean talked about Sammy and Jo and his loving parents, and explained how it was that he ended up back in confirmation classes.  That's when Castiel spoke up, "They sound like lovely people".  Castiel's voice was gravelly but smooth and it made Dean have to work hard not to swoon.  His eyes were so bright blue that Dean could feel himself getting lost in them.  Castiel had said commented with such sincerity that it surprised Dean.  He didn't even think that Castiel was listening.
Jess cocked her left eyebrow and rolled her tongue over her teeth, looking at Dean like he was an idiot.  She didn't buy it.  "Try again."
Dean folded his lips into his mouth and created a thin line on his face as he tried to push the violent thoughts out of his head.  It was a good thing that Cas lived so far away, because Dean would have probably killed the guy if he had ran into him after this.  "What did he want?"
Dean couldn't believe it.  Of course Gabriel had been behind that.  There was no way someone would play such a romantic song in the middle of a house party full of drunken 18-21 year olds.
Dean sniffled and laughed a little, thinking of those two.  Images of his mother's long blonde hair and his father's burly figure popped into his head.  The smell of his mother's iris and honey perfume and his father's cigar and peppermint smell danced across his nose and he missed them fiercely.  "They were absolutely, unequivocally, in love with each other." Dean said, looking down at the ground smiling even as one tear slowly trailed down his face.  "My mom was a real spit fire and never seemed to be able to keep her mouth shut, and my father was a real hot head with a lack of patience for bullshit.  They were at each other's throats as often as they were wrapped around each other, that's for sure."
Ellen smiled and Bobby nodded before Cas walked out into the kitchen with Dean, his arms full of dishes.
Hehehe there's smut in this one y'all.  It's been a long time coming.  You are such a wonderful bunch of readers and you deserve this for sticking around for so long.  Love you guys <3 please enjoy the adult content you've been waiting for (:
"No problem, honey.  I'm just so glad you're coming, I don't even care if you're late.  It's only been a month but I miss ya, kid."
"Screw you, Sammy." Dean muttered as he threw his hands down from his ears in frustration.  Suddenly, he heard the sound of multiple footsteps from upstairs making their way towards the two of them in the living room.  Ellen raced down with her one hand holding the curling iron to her hair, and the other opened wide to greet her boys in a big hug.
Dean almost cried on the spot at the idea of just being able to stand in hot water for a while and not think about anything.  He started shoving everything into his bag and rushing to get his coat on.  "That is a remarkable idea, princess.  This is why I love ya."  He reached over and held her head in his hands and kissed her forehead.
As if on cue, Cas stood up faster than lightning with his hand over his mouth, flashing that familiar green color that Dean had grown so used to.
hello friends!! hope you enjoy as always, and sorry about not updating on time.  i am not very organized so i kinda just write when inspiration hits me ya know??
"Only because you begged like a big giant baby," Dean giggled as he threw a balled up napkin at his friend.
When they made it to Dean's room, Dean made his bed and straightened it up to make it more comfortable with his friend.  "You'll sleep here and I'm gonna be right here in the room with you in my sleeping bag," Dean explained as he leaned across his bed to tuck the blanket in against the wall.  "so if you need anything during the night, I'll be right here."
When the two of them strolled up to Cas's door, Dean held onto Cas's bag as he fiddled with the keys.  "I feel bad that you're carrying all of my stuff, I could've managed." Castiel said, shoving the key in the lock, "You've already done enough for me these past few days."
After a moment of silence and a few more steps Gabriel stood up a little straighter and gasped, "I'm a genius!" He yelled.
Jess pursed her lips and nodded once.  She looked at her watch and said, "Listen, I'll go run this over to Ellen, and then I'll come back and we'll figure it out, alright?"
Once they were all settled and the bus started moving, Gabriel started the conversation.  "So, long time no see, Deano.  We were starting to think you died or something."
"Good evening, everyone!  I hope you all have had a nice weekend, and are ready to give back to your local organizations."  Chuck was wearing glasses today and he somehow managed to look even nerdier.  "You are all aware of the choices, so you may come up here and sign up for what you want to do.  Just remember, in order to get all 12 hours, each one of our community service days are going to be three hours long, so you wont be leaving until about 8:30pm tonight."
Dean blinked a few times in surprise and opened his mouth to talk before Bobby cut him off.  "It took me way to long to finally call your Mama my girl, and I don't want to watch you waste anymore time, ya hear me?"
Suddenly, Castiel heard soft snickering coming from the bonfire.  His head jerked up, worried that he would find two homophobic assholes laughing at him and Dean.
"Alright brother, I'll see you tonight.  If there's any hot guys in there be sure to drop my number along with yours." Benny shoved Dean's arm as Dean walked toward the door.
Hope you enjoy, and a tremendous thanks to those of you who take time out to comment.  It really means a lot <3
I just want to let you know, my semester back at college is starting again, so it's gonna be a lot longer between chapters.  I'm gonna do it at often as possible, it just is going to be a little less frequent than it has been.
Cas thought for a minute, "I hadn't officially thought about it, Sam.  I suppose I will choose my brother Gabriel.  Have you decided yet?"
Castiel was certainly nervous, this being his first real time, but he was determined to make Dean feel as good as he had made Cas feel, even if Cas was less experienced.
Dean let his fingers dance there for a minute as he felt Castiel shiver underneath him.  That shiver going straight to Dean’s cock as Dean released Cas from his bruising kiss for just a second.  Barely able to separate himself long enough and sneaking tiny chaste kisses in between words anywhere on Castiel’s face, he asked, “Is this okay?”
Cas bit his lip and let out a soft moan as Dean continued to make use of his mouth on the sensitive parts of Castiel’s neck.  “D-Dean we need to go back.  Someone is going to be looking for us s-soon.”
"Well don't get too excited there, princess, he told me he had the hots for Benny the second he landed in my bed.  I wouldn't classify it as a win."  Dean went back to his coffee and looked out the window as the information hit Charlie.
The next twenty minutes of the course were spent explaining what confirmation was all about, why they were doing it, the explicit steps they had to take, and when they were expected to do each of them.  "You are all going to be spending a lot of time together during these next few months.  We will be doing a lot of spiritual reflection, team building exercises, and community service together, so I want to give you this time to get to know the people around you, so you're more comfortable throughout this process."
All of a sudden, Cas perked up and smiled wide as he looked across the room.  "Oh my god, Anna!" he yelled.
Balthazar laughed next to him and pulled him into a side hug, "You are such a little ham, Winchester."
Cas bit his bottom lip and his cheeks turned crimson.  Fuck.  Maybe Cas did remember.  "Benny, your roommate?"
"Famously.  You are all lovely people."  Castiel made meaningful eye contact with everyone at the table.  It was true.  Ellen and Cas had talked about Baz and Gabe on the whole way there, he had been cracking jokes with Jo and Sam almost all mass long, and he had been discussing the stock market with Bobby ever since they got out of church.  He was getting along with them famously.
"Nothing quite says early February activity quite like outdoor camping" Balthazar rolled his eyes.  "Our cabin better be fucking heated or I'm hopping into one of your sleeping bags for body heat."
Dean wasn't quite sure how it happened so suddenly, but Dean's breath hitched at the last message and he felt like his chest was warm.  Castiel never had any problem saying kind words to him, and it made Dean feel uncomfortable but warm at the same time.  Not uncomfortable as in he didn't like it.  He loved it.  In fact, maybe he loved it too much.  He just wasn't used to someone who wasn't a family member showing him that level of affection.  Dean supposed that's what made Cas special, the fact that he just said what he meant to people, without letting anyone make him feel weird about it, like Dean had so many times in the past, which kept him from allowing himself to be vulnerable with others so frequently.
He started to stutter and shift his eyes quickly from his new spot on the ground to a quick look up at Cas.  “I-I really did mean it, but if you didn’t y-ya know, i-if you didn’t really mean it then, we can just act like it didn’t happen and I--”
Dean looked over at him and laughed as he took his wrist and started pulling him forward to start the walk home.  "Wow, you're wasted"
Dean reached up and placed a hand around Cas's ankle in attempt to soothe him. His fingers glided along the inside of Castiel's pant leg and he rubbed his thumb against his ankle joint.  "Cas," he repeated, keeping his voice low and even, "I promise.  I'm already grabbing you and my feet are flat on the ground.  I just need you to let go a little bit, alright baby?"
Castiel brushed his teeth and swished around his mouth wash, still contemplating how he had gotten away with the sleeping in.  It's not like his alarm not going off had ever gotten him off in the past.  Once in high school, he forgot to reset his alarm clock, and his old man had come into his bedroom with a bucket of cold water to dump on him.  It took almost a week for his pillows to dry completely.  This made Castiel double check his alarms every night before falling asleep.
As the first few chords of the song flew out of Chuck’s guitar, Dean’s whole body broke out in chills and he focused all his attention on trying not to burst into tears in front of all these strangers as he sang the first few verses.
Dean grabbed his coat and took off after him and swung around to face Cas once he caught up.  It was really fucking cold out and Dean's cheeks were already burning from the wind.  Dean tried to look Castiel in the eyes but Cas refused to look up.  Not playing games, Dean reached for Cas's face and lifted it to be eye level with Dean when Cas finally gave in and looked at him, his blue eyes getting even brighter when they are cushioned with tears.  "You are not leaving here, until you tell me what is going on.  How did you even get here?"
"  They honestly sounded like a gospel choir, and a good one at that.  Dean spun around on the pole in the middle of the bus and sang the next line alone, for it to be followed back by his new found back up singers, and Dean gestured to Cas playfully the whole time, with a big goofy smile on his face.  As if he could ever even pretend to be into anyone else.
Cas’s memory zoomed back to a few days after his conversation with Baz and Gabriel.  After their several cracks about Cas being the bottom and getting down on his knees for Dean, the two of them came to the realization that Castiel had never even been blown, let alone blown someone else.  That train of thought then lead to a three hour “blowie training course” as Gabriel so eloquently put it, where Cas was taught all the essentials to a successful blowjob.  It took a little bit of practice, but eventually Baz and Gabriel were high fiving and hugging him and showering him in praises at being a blowjob champion.
Dean spent the rest of the day with Ellen and Sam talking about their plans to get this confirmation thing done.  Sam was already all set with religious ed accommodations.  Their church ran it year round for students who are old enough to get confirmed.  Unfortunately for Dean, they only work with people who are still in high school and are doing it at the "correct" age.  After a little bit of research, Ellen found that Dean's school actually held it's own confirmation program, which meant that he wouldn't be able to come home for family day anymore.  Classes were held on Sundays from 5pm-7pm, and lasted until the second week of March, of course, breaks omitted.  Even though they were later in the day, and provided plenty of time for Dean to go home and back, Ellen insisted that he stay so he isn't too tired by the time he had to go to the class.
Dean walked up to the table and grabbed his plate, stacking more spaghetti on top of what was already there and grabbing a chicken breast from the cookie sheet in the middle of the table.  As he piled the dish with the other food at the table Ellen spoke up, "What's going on, Dean?"
He shoved his tongue into Castiel’s mouth ungracefully.  Thankfully, Cas moaned into his mouth as a reply, clearly liking what Dean was doing, or he was just really good at faking it.  Dean was starting to feel a growing wet spot in Castiel’s underwear.  It was about everything he could do to not start grinding his pelvis into Cas and coming in his jeans.  Dean wanted to make this about Cas though.  Show Cas how much he meant it when he said he had loved him only a few minutes ago.
"Yeah, we heard Dean gave your little heart a startle." Hannah, poked her finger into his chest to punctuate her point.
On the way back to campus, Cas and Dean sat in the car in silence.  The radio was playing softly, but they weren't talking.  It wasn't an awkward silence though.  It was more of a peaceful one.  A thoughtful one.
Dean tried to chuckle off how uncomfortable he felt and act normal.  "What can I say, the classes I have this semester are way more intense than the last ones."
let Gabriel and Balthazar sit between him and Dean.  Dean figured that Cas must not like him very much, but knew that the other two were entertained by him, so he just tolerated Dean.  Why else would Cas continue to treat him like he was contagious or something.  Dean decided not to let it bother him.  He enjoyed Gabriel and Balthazar's company too, so he just decided to deal with it as is.  Afterall, he was thankful to get to spend any time with Castiel.
"Yes, Kelly, I know, but if I don't go home to help out on the farm my mother would never forgive me."
That’s when it hit him.  He stopped walking and stilled his movements completely.  He wouldn’t be able to hear anything while he was tromping around.  The noises of the snow, sticks, and his heavy footsteps would keep him from hearing anything lower than a yell.  Dean took a deep breath as he stilled, and closed his eyes.
Dean, who had just taken a drink from his water bottle, choked at the figure of speech.  All three sets of eyes looked at him as he tried to recover, and he wanted to crawl into the floor and die.
After a while, Cas gathered up the saliva in his mouth and continued to move down Dean’s shaft inch by inch, swirling his tongue around and pulling up just a bit every few seconds, just to move back down again.  Cas tried to move down all the way, but as soon as Dean’s cock hit the back of his throat, he felt his gag reflex start to hitch.  He pulled up quickly and moved his hand to the base so Dean’s dick was covered.  Cas started to bob his head as he heard Dean speak breathlessly.
"No fuckin' way" Castiel replied, slipping right back into his accent only 15 minutes into his homecoming.
Cas looked up from his menu where Dean was looking with him and met her eyes.  He lit up.  "Charlie?  You work here?"
Dean learned that Castiel was a freshman like he was, but that he lived across campus in the suite buildings with these two.  Gabriel and Baz were confirmed on time, but Castiel never had a chance to in high school because he spent his sophomore year abroad through his high school's French department.  The three of them had actually grown up together, and their parents were in a prayer group together.  They were all incredibly religious, but in the not loving and cuddly way that Ellen and Bobby were.  They changed the subject quickly to Dean once that fact had slipped out of Baz's mouth.
Cas waited for an explanation patiently.  Eyes continuing to stare into Dean's intensely.  "Him and my mom got in an accident when I was in high school."  A single tear slid down Dean's cheek and landed on the pavement below him.  Dean did not move his eyes.
Cas sits down with his brother and Baz and the three of them talk about the predicament that Cas has found himself in.
Dean was trying to level his breathing when Cas asked, "Do you just wanna hang out and watch movies at the suite with me while they're out?  I don't want to be in a loud and intense atmosphere tonight, but I don't want to just sit around and do nothing."
"No like, really", Dean assured her, rubbing his eyes and then dropping his face in his hands.  "I'm officially not retaining anything anymore.  My brain space is all occupied.  If I put anymore information in, other information that I've absorbed is gonna go out."
" Cassie pleaded.  "I know you two have already done this, but I actually have to get confirmed when this is over."
Castiel swallowed hard and balled his hands into fists.  He retreated completely to the behind the corner and scolded himself for being so childish.  Castiel stomped out into full view, eyes glued to the floor before finally finding the courage to look up at the boy.  His embarrassment making his temper rise, as usual.
Cas finally stopped laughing and it turned back into small chuckles, "He asked all of us if we 'would please go and support him'".  Cas made finger quotes around his father's words.  Cas scoffed, "Naturally, I declined, and I guess that was the wrong answer.", he mumbled and pointed to his eye.    He looked up at Dean with sad and exhausted eyes.
Castiel groaned and tilted his head back into the tiny amount of space left between him and the tree.  “Y-you’re so beautiful, Cas” Dean all but growled as he continued to rub Castiel over his jeans.  Cas felt like his skin was on fire.
Unable to wait another second with Castiel’s permission, Dean shoved his hand into Castiel’s boxers and took a hold of his hot and incredibly hard dick at the base and lowered his head to spit down onto Castiel’s dick.
Cas was reading something, intently.  His brow was furrowed, and he wasn't looking up at all from the pages as his eyes darted back and forth rapidly.  He was leaning back in his chair casually though, radiating so much confidence in such a small action that Dean almost wanted to run in the opposite direction and just go home.  His attendance record could take one absence, right?  Dean quickly spun around out into the hallway.
"Out?" she looked confused, "With who?  Couldn't have been Benny.  I saw him in my building last night when he dropped Andrea off across the hall.  I'm surprised they haven't gone at it yet."
A single tear slid down Cas's face and he bit his bottom lip before managing to mutter, "Okay, Dean."
"What were they like?" Cas's voice was gravely with emotion, "Your parents?"  Dean noticed that Cas had tears in his eyes too, not letting it get the better of him though.
Cas bit his bottom lip into a smile and his fingers started to move tracing the labels and seams of Dean’s clothing down his chest in feathery little movements that sent a wave of chills throughout Dean’s body.  “Aww,” Cas cooed, “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed.”
"Well I know my mama would be disappointed in me if I didn't appreciate one of her favorites.  Being a kiss ass is a full time job, ya know.  Even when she isn't here."  The four of them laughed together, and Dean's eyes eventually went back to Castiel's as the next song started.  Dean must have started a trend, because the whole bus sang along to this one too.  Funnily enough, it was "The Table of Plenty", as if Ellen herself was the DJ.
“Oh Cas—” He whispered, his hot breath skating against Castiel’s pulse point.  Dean moved his head up from Castiel’s neck to look into his eyes.  Cas swallowed and fought the urge to move his eyes away from the gaze of tenderness that he found himself under.  He didn’t deserve the amount of fondness pouring out of Dean right now.  He knew he didn’t.
Ellen leaned over and smacked Dean on the arm as she sat down, "Dean Winchester, you leave that cute little girl alone.  She doesn't need her boss to hear about the bottle of whiskey you two shared last night."
Dean finally spoke, after what seemed like 50 years on the ground with Castiel, "My fathers", he breathed out.
Dean shook his head carefully, his eyes still glued on Cas, "No, Cas, we were just eating dinner.  Tell me what's going on here."
Right when Dean was one fraction of an inch away from Castiel's lips, Cas pulled back slightly and looked Dean in the eyes, his fingers still pressed to Dean's cheek and swallowed hard before whispering, "See you at the retreat next week."  He turned from Dean and grabbed his bags as he opened the door with his foot and entered his suite.  Dean just stood there, drunk on the smell of Cas that had polluted the air that Dean was breathing, as he watched Cas grin wickedly before closing the door and leaving Dean out there alone.
Dean felt another tear slide in the other tear's path as he looked back into Castiel's eyes.  "I noticed it the first time I met you," Cas continued, "that kind of pain leaves a mark."  Cas was still slurring his words, still drunk.  Dean didn't want to be crying right now.  Castiel was too drunk.  Dean figured that was the only reason they were talking like this.
Kelly's eyes fluttered as she averted his look.  "I'm sorry.  I just don't want you to get hurt, that's all."
He had been fumbling back and forth with the idea for a few days now, and his friend Kelly who lived across the hall was trying to talk him out of it.
Cas shook his head, "I'm usually only there to drop them off, pick them up, and then clean up the vomit."
They were quiet for a while, when Dean started talking again, regaining his composure.  "So, they're gonna be in a rush when we get there, as usual.  I will have to run upstairs and change, but it won't take long."
She slumped a little in her chair, looking a little defeated.  Her expression was thoughtful as she chewed on the inside of her cheek.  After a few moments of silence, Charlie finally asked Dean to start from the beginning, as Dean predicted she would.
"Yeah I'll be sure to tell him, Sam." Dean rolled his eyes and pulled the door open.  His eyes widened in surprise and he blinked about 50 times, not moving or talking for a few moments.
The final chords were played into the air, but Dean didn’t hear them.  All he saw was Cas and Cas only.  Cas’s mouth had opened slightly in shock and a single tear fell down his cheek.
"Then I guess that's the question you have to ask yourself, Dean." Jess explained, putting her legs up on the couch and tucking them underneath herself.  "Which are you more willing to live with?  Are you more willing to live with things staying the way they are, leaving you unknowing and suffering, but keeping the relationship you have with him the same?  Or would you prefer the possibility of rejection but finally having some clarity?"
Cas said nothing, but looked deeply into Dean's eyes.  He gave a look not of pity, or remorse, but of sheer understanding.  A look of knowing, without a shadow of a doubt.  Then, Castiel leaned over and put his palm against the ring resting on Dean's chest, keeping his eyes locked on Dean's.
He could hear Benny's laugh from behind him as he shifted his duffle bag back on his shoulder and made his way down the hallway, sporting a chuckle of his own.
Dean smiled as the lump in his throat grew, "No, no, you didn't Cas.  Benny was flattered.  I saw him check you out.  Don't be embarrassed.  He loved it."
"Now, the next time we see you two will probably be at confirmation," Ellen started, fixing the collar on Cas's shirt as she spoke, "So, make sure you guys do everything you need to do before hand.  You need to get your suits ready and buy your corsages ahead of time, so that way you're all ready to go when it's time."
Dean looked over and saw the tears poking into Castiel's eyes at the kind remark.  Ellen quickly added, "Wait, you don't call your mom, Mama, do you?  I don't want to take her spot."
, no no no no, Cas, seriously, no."  Balthazar looked flabbergasted.  Cas gave him a confused look.  Baz continued, "
Also I feel like this chapter is long, and I'm kind of afraid I'm sucking at this whole writing thing.  A lot more happened than I was planning on.  Whoops.
ACDC's cheeks turned red as he stood there, still standing in that spot like a statue, looking more embarrassed by the second.  The smaller guy behind him grabbed ACDC by the shoulders and physically moved them to the back, where Dean was sitting, with the taller blonde guy following behind.  Blondie was almost dancing to his seat, swaying his hips fluidly as he held on to the others' shirts.  They finally plopped down in the row in front of Dean in a hush of whispers and giggles.  The classroom had stadium seating, so Dean looked down on them and inspected each of them in curiosity.
Cas giggled underneath him as Dean continued to get swept up in the song and sang the rest of the lyrics while taking the lead in the pseudo tango dancing that Cas had started.  They grooved along to the mellow tone of the song as Dean spun him around and closed in on him, acting like he was running through a scene in a play.  Cas played right along, giving into Dean's advances as he bit his bottom lip and played "hard to get" by pretending to brush Dean off as he sang to him.  It was getting close to the bridge now Dean was still singing, and he tugged at Cas's shirt as he danced, "
When he finally pulled back, he reached behind himself and looped Dean into his body, with his arm around Dean's shoulders.  Dean had to steady himself by grabbing on to Cas's other side, his hand managing to catch a little bit of heated skin when Castiel's shirt rode up above his hips.  "I am here with my confirmation friend.  We spent the day being good summarittens-" Cas slurred, "and now-" he hiccupped, "I'm intoxicated".
Dean still had a vivid memory of that day.  Their two families had gone to a Yankee's game together.  His parents had a van at the time, so they had all fit in one car, and they sang Led Zeppelin song almost the whole way down.  Dean was able to sing a little bit too, not knowing any of the actual lyrics, but remembered the melodies well enough to keep up.  His dad had bought him his first soft pretzel and Dean remembered thinking that his life couldn't possibly get better than it was as he listened to his parents chant with their friends and watched everyone around him cheer with each home run.  Even thinking about it now was making Dean all warm and fuzzy inside, memories of the smell of peanuts and beer entering his mind like it was yesterday.  He let the ornament drop from his hand and hang down from the tree branch as it had been before he came in and ran upstairs to put his clothes back into his dresser.
"Then what is taking so long?!" Gabe complained.  "I mean Jesus, Imma be like- 80 thousand years old with a beard down to my fuckin' package before you make a move."
Dean reached out and grabbed Cas, maybe a little more aggressively than planned, and pull him into his chest and squeezed.  His fists were balled up in Castiel's jacket so tight, so glad that Cas was here with him and not in his house with that asshole.  He felt Cas melt underneath him and he started crying.  Not just quiet tears sliding down the face crying either, like they had done around each other a few times at this point.  This was as if Dean had punched down the damn that Cas had been barely keeping standing to keep his emotions in to get him here.  Dean moved his hands to Cas's hair and gently ran his fingers through it softly to comfort him and shushed him calmly.  "Shhh," he sighed, closing his eyes as he felt Castiel's tears dampen his shirt underneath him, "It's okay, Cas, you're here now."  They sat like that in that back porch for what seemed like hours, until Cas was finally out of tears, and his breathing returned to normal.
That's when Gabriel realized that Dean had walked in and walked over to him, covered in ranch dressing and spinach.  "Oh yeah, we've known them for a few weeks now."
That's when, right on time, Cas lifted his hand to Dean's cheek and sang with a dirty grin shining on his face,
The four of them talked over one another for almost the entire time allotted, but Dean didn't mind.  It really reminded him of the vibe at his house.  Everyone goofing off and making fun of each other out of love.  Castiel was quiet though, letting his brother and Baz speak for him mostly.  He almost seemed lost in thought as Gabriel and Baz screwed around, only really looking up and engaging when Dean talked about himself.
Dean smiled and felt all of the tension in his chest slip away, "Hey mama.  I miss you."  Which was true.  He wanted a hug from her, bad.
Castiel took a deep breath and put his hands in his pockets as they stopped at the corner.  "Well, it was nice to meet you, Dean."  His voice was still deep and even, even standing in the cold.
"Okay." Benny started, "If he doesn't say anything to you by the time you get there about it, I think it may be time to pull out the big guns."
He had to get his feelings for Castiel under control while they were apart for these upcoming weeks, because it was starting to become a problem.  It was starting to hurt, the longing, and Dean wasn't sure how long he could take things being like this.  That being said, however, he didn't want to stop being friends with Cas, so he wasn't really sure what he was supposed to do about this.  Dean rolled over to his back and lifted his pillow from underneath himself to shove it into his face and groan in frustration.
Dean smiled as brightly as he could watching Cas giggle the words out and look into Dean's eyes.  Cas's head fell back as the mess of na na na's came out of his mouth and Dean's chest tightened.  He wished he had a camera to capture this moment.
Instead, he knew that the farm life wasn't for him.  It never had been.  Yes, he always gave an extra hand.  He was a part of the house after all.  But, all that said, he knew he wanted to be a doctor.  Hannah on the other hand, she loved the farm life, and she was the one in line to inherit the place when his parents bite it.  Dean would be a good partner for her.  Someone who actually likes the life, and handsome to boot.
Gabriel and Baz began to boo incredibly loud and Balthazar took his arm off of Dean to move it to Gabriel's shoulders as they walked ahead of Dean and Castiel into the cold night air.  They started mooing instead of booing and both Dean and Castiel started to chuckle.
"Castiel, you know they're just gonna be pissy and mean to you the entire time, right?  It's not worth it."
Dean shook his head but giggled, "Welp, that's interesting advice, Cas, but considering the fact that this is your first time, I don't think you'll have any problem getting drunk."  Dean took the bottle back and took a few more gulps before handing it back over and grabbing Castiel's hand. "C'mon, champ!"
So, I realized I accidentally said that the retreat was a week long in previous chapters.  I totally meant a weekend long.  They're usually the whole day Friday, Saturday, and then Sunday.  I went back and fixed it, but if you're reading as the chapters come out, I wanted to let you know that it was a mistake here so you weren't confused.  If you see the mistake anywhere else that I missed, please let me know! This is what happens when you only work on your writing from 1-4 in the morning.  We love trying to be coherent with little to no sleep.
As promised, Sam and Bobby ended up getting the address from Cas and bringing the truck back to the Novak house.  Bobby just tossed the keys in the mail box on the porch, knowing that he wouldn't be able to control himself if Cas's dad ended up being in their still.  They were able to stop by Balthazar's house too, where Gabriel was waiting with a bag of Castiel's clothes and toiletries so he had everything he needed to go back to school with.  Bobby of course offered to bring Gabriel back with them.  Gabriel declined, saying that it wasn't the first time he had to run away to Balthazar, and it wouldn't be the last.
Dean heard Cas chuckle as Cas reached forward and clutched Dean's hand in his own.  Dean's heart seemed to double in size, and he continued.  "She was never afraid to tell him what was what, even though he always seemed to scare me shitless.  And they laughed, like all the time.  They were always pulling pranks on each other and driving each other crazy.  But damn, they were in love.  When I was little, I asked my mom why she chose to marry my Dad, just because I had seen my first romantic comedy and was curious about how it worked in real life."
It was a text from Cas.  Just the thing Dean was hoping to see.  Dean felt a twinge in his stomach and he started blushing before he even read it.
Sam chuckled and Cas walked into the living room behind Dean.  That's when Dean noticed that the love of his life was there, sitting on the couch with her legs crossed, and her nose stuck in a book as usual.  His whole body lit up in excitement as he lunged himself forward and jumped on top of Jess, Sam's girlfriend of two years.  She shrieked and giggled, giving him a huge hug as he picked her up and swung her around, her blonde curly hair bouncing off of her shoulders.
The rest of the day seemed to go on at a glacial pace.  Dean wasn’t sure if that was because the activities were incredibly boring, his group hated him immensely, or because he was doing everything he could not to march over to Cas and rip his clothes off.   They continued to play stupid games and Dean’s team continued to lose, but Dean tried his best not to get too upset about that.
Sam took his shot too, proposing the same offer, only to Bobby.  Bobby's expression was soft, in a way Bobby's face very rarely got soft.  "Of course I will, son."
There it sat, perfectly plump, and insanely tall.  It was wrapped in the giant colored light bulbs that were popular back in the 70's that Ellen refused to throw out and several of Dean, Jo, and Sammy's childhood made ornaments.  Ellen and Bobby were big believers that children decorated the tree, not adults.  Because of that, there wasn't a single fancy bulb or crystal to be found on their trees.  Only popsicle sticks and childhood pictures.
Cas was quiet for a while as he watched Dean work, his expression full of adoration.  Of course, Dean didn't see, because his back was turned trying to fluff the pillows, but it was happening regardless.  "Thank you.", Cas finally croaked out.
"Michael is he oldest, then Raphael, Gabriel, Duma, and then me.  The rest of them are kind of dicks so, Gabriel and I don't really talk to them that often."
Dean could feel his cheeks warm up so he refused to look at Benny and instead broke into his dinner for the evening, "No", he lied.
Cas sped up even more as Cas felt Dean’s balls start to clench and he knew that Dean’s orgasm was building.
Castiel blushed hard and slid his face back a little bit further into the other room.  The boy broke out into an all out chuckle.
"Yeah, it's the one across from the fountain."  Dean answered.  "It's about two hours, so I won't be home until later."
Blondie leaned over his smaller friend's lap to whisper back at ACDC, "Cassie, would you please relax?  I know that it is medically impossible for you to remove the stick from your ass, but you need to liiive a little, beautiful."  Blondie dragged his hand against Cassie's jaw.
Dean froze.  Castiel continued in his laughing fit.  Dean wanted to rewind that to make sure he heard correctly.
Dean could feel Cas lower his torso down against Dean’s and lean into his neck before his whispered, “Don’t worry, I liked it.”, and started scattering light kisses on Dean’s jaw and shell of his ear.
Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed his sleeping bag out of his closet, "Fuck you.  Go to sleep, asshole."
Cas leaned down and whispered to Ellen as she finished up spiffing him up, "Thank you for everything."
Dean smiled as he thought about it and zipped up his now filled duffle bag before throwing it over his shoulder.  Benny was still there, laying on his bed, not looking like his was going to move any time soon.  Dean tapped on his shoulder and Benny opened his eyes.  "Hey man, I'm gonna head out.", he mumbled.
It was still quiet between the two as Cas finished clearing off the plates and Dean watched him.  He kept opening his mouth to start a sentence, and then pulling back.  He probably did that three or four times before Cas stood up, and that's when Dean picked up the mashed potato bowl and began putting the left overs into a Tupperware container as if he hadn't been staring and attempting to break the wall.  Dean was getting more and more nervous the longer they were left alone in the kitchen.  This was a difficult situation.  Did Cas only want to kiss Dean because he was thankful, and knew that Dean was into him?  Did Cas actually want to kiss him at the time, but has decided that he doesn't actually like Dean anymore because of Dean's lack of action?  Did Dean take advantage of Cas in the emotional state he was in, and now Cas was disgusted with him?  He had no intention on taking advantage of Cas but, just because the intent wasn't there didn't mean it didn't happen.  He just wished Cas would talk first.  That way he could get a read on how Cas was feeling.  Did he want to try that again?  Did he just want to move on and act like it didn't happen?  Maybe if he wasn't such a baby he would just ask him.  He didn't want to pressure Cas though.  He wanted Cas to make the first move.  He wanted Cas to be in control of what happened next between them.  Dean owed him that much, since he hadn't been in the position of control the past couple days.  This was going to be on Cas's terms.
Dean's heart suddenly dropped.  She had called him babe, he had kissed her on the cheek, and she slapped him on the ass.  Was this Cas's girlfriend?  Cas pulled Dean in closer so that Dean's neck was against Cas's face.  "You smell good" Cas whispered and Dean's back was covered in chills.
"They're important to you Dean" Cas stated matter-of-factly, looking at Dean sincerely, "Of course I remember what you said about them."
Dean opened his closet to find his dress shirts organized and ironed perfectly.  Evidence that Ellen had once again struggled to let Dean's room remain a mess.  He chuckled at his lovable control freak as he chose the light blue shirt and grabbed his black dress pants as well.  He heard a small knock on his door and told whoever it was to come on in since he was decent still.  Sam opened the door and Dean looked down to see Sam in his church clothes with his tie wrapped around his neck like a scarf.  Sam shut the door again behind him and asked defeated, "Can you do my tie, please?"
"Hey if it is Mr. Sutton, tell him it's about time he shaves the creeper 'stache, I'm tired of looking at it when I see him at the garage." Sam called out.
Gabriel and Baz had turned from their few yards to the right of the two of them and continued to walk backwards towards their building yelling, "IT WAS NICE TO MEET YOU DEEEEEAN" mockingly back at Castiel.  Castiel rolled his eyes and huffed as he smiled slightly at Dean.
It had only been three days, but Dean really missed him.  The slow and heavy intro broke and the beat caught up faster.  Cas was still looking back at Dean as Dean stood up and started to dance his way up to the sink beside Cas.  Once he reached Cas's side, he bumped his hip against Cas's to the beat of the song, which made Cas laugh harder and loosen up a little bit.  Dean saw all the tension in Cas's shoulders slowly make it's way out of his body as he started to sway to the music and mumble the music to himself as he reached for the first dish.
Cas finally swung around to another side of a tree and leaned his head against the bark out of exhaustion.  Castiel wasn’t much for running or exercise, and it was catching up with him now.  His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath.  He almost thought he could hear a voice in the distance, but he figured that it must be coming from his racing thoughts.
Gabe and Baz were beside themselves with quiet laughter as they slapped at their knees and pointed at Castiel.  Cas glared at them as they both simultaneously started bobbing their tongues in and out of their cheeks with their fists going back and forth.
Cas grinned at Dean wickedly as he closed his suite door, his bags in hand.  Once it was shut, Cas's grin turned into a shy smile as he turned around, looked down at the ground, and slid down the door slowly until he was squatting and picturing the look he had left on Dean's face.  His cheeks were getting warm as he felt a blush creep from his neck up to his face as the butterflies danced around in his stomach.  Dean was so cute.  No matter how casually Cas acted around Dean, he knew that Dean was the cutest boy that he had ever met in his life.  Every minor expression, smile, and detail on Dean's face was like kryptonite to Cas, and it was all Cas could do to keep himself from curling himself up into Dean's chest and hanging on for dear life.
Castiel felt tears creep into his eyes, knowing exactly what Dean meant by that.  He curled further into Dean’s chest and inhaled his sweaty and musky scent.  “It was my absolute pleasure.”
"That's the spirit!" Gabriel said, almost a little too loudly.  Castiel reached over and punched Gabriel in the arm.
"Whose ring is that?" Cas asked, out of the blue.  "I have been so curious for so long and I just need to know."
Dean pulled his bottom lip to chew on it before answering.  Charlie had known about Castiel.  Dean talked about him almost every coffee meeting Monday since he met him.  Dean didn't even have to tell her that he was into him.  After a few minutes of talking about him after their first religion class, Charlie had nailed him about being a lost cause.  She want to know everything that happened from start to finish, and he wasn't really prepared to explain how he had royally embarrassed himself.
Castiel didn't even look at his brother before his elbow jammed as hard as it possibly could into Gabriel's rib cage.  Dean's face was on fire.  This bus ride had only been going on for 5 minutes and they've already had a handful of uncomfortable moments.  How were they gonna last the full two hours?  Dean realized that it was unlike Gabe to make comments that blunt about the two of them in from of Cas.  He usually said those kinds of things to make Dean uncomfortable when they were alone.
Dean noticed Gabriel's absence.  He wasn't with the others.  He must have slipped out between Piano Man ending, and Dean and Cas's performance, which was unlike him.  Dean figured that Gabriel would have wanted to stay and watch that unfold, considering he had told Dean that he had been actually doing things to purposely get them to get together a few weeks ago.  Dean whipped his head around looking for his friend, and didn't see him anywhere on the dance floor/dining room that they were in.
Also I just want to let everyone know who may be reading this chapter as it comes out, that I've changed a detail.  Originally I had it so that confirmation was in May for the college gang, because that's usually when confirmation happens.  However, I decided to change it to early March because I realized that they have way longer religious ed classes which means that they would finish their hours way quicker.  I changed it in the previous chapters, but I wanted to say it here just in case the change wasn't noticed.
Castiel watched as his father dropped his work boots next to where Castiel was standing and then turned around to his mother again.
Hearing the sound of her son's laugh, Ellen finally turned around and saw Dean.  She spread her arms wide and gathered Dean in for his own hug, and any tension that Dean had been holding in his body suddenly turned to mush as he accepted a hug from his mama.  She muttered something about it being about damn time, and Dean kissed her on the head.
Finally, Cas picked his head of up Dean’s chest and looked down at him, his blue eyes twinkling in the bright sunlight.  His fingers were still lightly tracing the lines of Dean’s jacket as Cas grinned softly and muttered so softly that Dean almost didn’t hear, “I heard you call me baby ya know”
Cas let Dean lead him to the middle of the dancefloor where Dean, seeming to be surviving on the adrenaline of the moment, began to dance slightly by moving his shoulders to the beat of the song.  Castiel stepped carefully toward Dean, as Dean picked up the pace a little and grabbed Cas to motivate him to dance too.  Cas finally took the hint and started to move his hips a little bit to the music.  After a while, the two of them were really dancing with the people around them.  Cas continued to take swigs from the bottle, and Dean felt his stomach flip watching Castiel's adam's apple bob as he swallowed.  Dean could see the sweat pouring down his face and neck as he continued to dance, and wow.  Cas was actually a really good dancer.  The two of them sang Mr. Brightside together, or more like, screamed it together and Dean held his breath the few times they accidentally touched hands.
Dean shuddered at the idea of alcohol even looking at him tonight, let alone actually drinking.  He was way too exhausted, and way too stressed out for all of that tonight.  "Oh my god, there is absolutely no way I could go out tonight.  I would rather die."
Mass passed by relatively quickly that day.  Much to Dean's frustration, Mrs. Butterfield was there after all.  The organ somehow managed to get even louder than it had been last weekend.  The first clang of the gathering hymn was so loud it made him jump out of his skin, and he heard his younger brother snicker from the other side of pew.  Dean made sure to trip him a little bit on their way out.
"Why did you feel the need to stage that whole thing?" Dean asked, surprise still hanging on inside his chest.
Eventually Cas ate the dinner that Dean had brought to him, but the ended up bring it out to the main part of the house so that way they could warm it up first.  Dean took Cas's coat and hung it up as Cas received hugs from the rest of the family.  They were quiet at first, but welcoming all the same, not wanting to scare Cas off by overwhelming him or jumping all over him.  Ellen told him that he would be staying there until they needed to go back to school.  Cas tried to dispute, saying that he needed to bring the car back, but Ellen would have none of it.  She assured him that Bobby and Sam would take care of it, and that she wouldn't hear anymore about it.  Cas smiled a little and thanked her quietly.  Jo and Sam invited Cas to come and play Mario Kart with them once he was finished eating, and after playing with them for a while, it seemed to cheer him up and bring him basically back to normal.
Dean thought about it for a minute. He had no clue.  He had only been at school for a month, the end of the year seemed a million miles away. "I think I heard Benny say at some point that we finish in early May, but I'm not 100% sure.  Why are you asking?"
The small guy snorted, "Can you not hit on my little brother for like," he paused to hiccup, "two seconds?"
"Not usually" he answered, "In fact, it's usually quite the opposite.  With women I like the ones who are feisty and outgoing, and usually the guys I go for are quippy and flirty.  Cas is different.  He's thoughtful and serious, and he actually sees people all at once, not just as someone to talk to or someone to entertain him.  He's smart.  He's smarter than almost anyone I've ever met, but not in a way that makes you feel like you're stupid.  He just gets it.  People, concepts, everything."
Almost before the sentence even finished, the gang of craziness turned to face Dean.  Balthazar leaned forward and tapped on his hand relentlessly.  "He's ours!  I called dibs on this one!"
Images of his father entered his head involuntarily.  All the family arguments and problems between his father and mother, memories of himself at age 10, promising to himself that he would never put himself in the position to be hurt again for the rest of his life, not for love or money, and the idea of things turning nasty between them flooded his train of thought and he felt it all squirming inside his skin.  Oh, and God forbid it was Cas who broke Dean's heart in the future after all of the horrible things that Dean has been through.  He didn't want to be the cause of more trauma and sadness in Dean's life.  He finally spoke up, and when he did, his voice was broken and sad. "I can't."
As Dean filed in the isle on the inside of the bus, he was surprised to see the layout before him.  He was expecting two columns of seating and an isle in the middle, but this bus actually just had a few clusters of seats facing one another, more like the layout of a train.  Dean sighed a tiny sigh of relief.  The four of them would be able to sit together, and he wouldn't be stuck on an awkward journey with just Cas for two hours.  They picked a cluster towards the back and Dean sat on the same side as Baz, so that Gabriel and Cas were sitting across from them.
Cas had barely realized that he started to walk away from the group and towards the woods as he looked down at his wet and muddy shoes, carrying him to a place to get some air.  Yes, he was already outside and technically didn't really need air, but he needed a place where he could clear his head for a moment.
Jess was an honorary family member at this point, after all she had done for each one of them, especially Sam.  She was always there for them in times of crisis, and really came through when she was needed most.  She was smart, extraordinarily kind, sincere, compassionate, and fiercely loving.  She was easily Dean's favorite person on the whole planet, well, she
Dean’s balls rolled around in Cas’s hands as Cas sped up his movements, the bitter taste of precoma coating the inside of his mouth.  This may only be his first time doing this, but Cas already knew that he had a taste for it.
“Dean” Cas moaned out, latching his fingers into Dean’s soft hair.  He was getting breathless and he felt Dean move one of his hands down to Castiel’s right nipple, rubbing it into hardness as Cas bit down on his bottom lip.  “I meant it, Dean” he whimpered, “I meant it completely.  I’ve been in love with you ever sense I handed you that sign in sheet on the first day of religious ed.”  Cas felt his breath catch as Dean moved his mouth down to his collar bone and nibble against the thin skin there.
Dean nodded and sighed so hard he thought that some braincells came out.  "Very unfortunately", he muttered.
Castiel’s tongue swirled around as he pulled up to Dean’s tip and then back down, looking at Dean through his long eyelashes the whole time.  Dean’s teeth were biting into his bottom lip so hard that Cas was expecting blood to drizzle out and suddenly Dean’s grip on Castiel’s hair tightened immensely.
For fun I did the Myers Briggs personality test for our two mains and Castiel got INFJ and Dean got ESFP in case you were wondering lol.
Chuck looked up at them with annoyance.  "Are the three of you going to sit down, or are you just going to stand their giggling the whole time?"
Dean was ripped suddenly from his dream with the clamoring of his alarm.  He shot up from his sleeping bag in reflex and looked around to take in his surroundings.  Memories of why he was on the floor washed over him as he blinked hard and woke himself up further.  He looked over to his noisy alarm clock to see that it read 6:45am.  His head ached a little.  Nothing serious.  He leaned over to his nightstand to turn off his noisy digital clock, careful not to knock over his water bottle from its spot.  Dean stood up from his spot on the floor and was instantly hit with goosebumps and shivers.  It was freezing in there.  He ran over to his dresser and quickly threw on jeans and a burgundy sweater.  He looked around for the source of the frigid air and realized that the window had been opened.  He had no recollection of doing that, so Castiel must have cracked it during the night.  Dean understood that.  When he had been hungover in the past, he also found himself in between hot and cold flashes.
"Brilliant.  Come over here.  It's only fair you take care of the problem you helped create.  I'll leave the suite door open so you can just walk in.  Fourth floor, babe."  Balthazar hung up.
When it seemed that Castiel was finally done, he just laid down on the pavement next to his puking spot and closed his eyes.  Understanding how Castiel must feel, Dean found himself getting down and laying beside him.  A few minutes past as they laid there silently.  Thankfully this house was far enough from campus that they didn't have to worry about cops driving past.  Finally, Cas spoke, "I'm sorry, Dean."
Good.  Music Dean could do.  He knew exactly what to play too.  Dean opened his Spotify and opened up the Mac Miller playlist that he had been building up over the past few weeks.  He had always been a fan of his music, but ever since he found out that he was Cas's favorite, he had been compiling a playlist of just his favorite Mac Miller songs so that he could eventually discuss them with Cas and figure out his favorites.  Even though Dean thought that he would share it with Cas when things were normal between the two of them, he didn't mind sharing earlier.  He knew Cas could use the pick me up.  Dean held his breath and looked over at Cas, who was turning on the water and putting the soap on the sponge, as he hit shuffle and let the first notes of the first song bleed into the kitchen.  Cas turned quickly around with a smile in his eyes as he realized what was being played, and he grinned at Dean before tugging at his bottom lip with his teeth in excitement.
Cas sighed, "You guys don't understand.  I've never done anything like this before.  I don't even know if he actually likes me."  Castiel looked down at this jeans and started to pick at a thread that was poking out at the knee.
"You better get off this phone then, boy.  Get in there.  Didn't you say that today is your community service day?" Ellen asked.
The stranger took a second to breath out his start and then cracked a smile, "You really gon' hide with your head peakin' out like a 5 year old?"
As they descended from their seats and the rest of the class erupted into conversation with one another, Baz threw his arm around Dean, "So, are you going to out with us tonight, scamp?"
"Would you two stop?" Cas asked, his face still in his jeans, "Nothing happened, okay?  At least nothing real happened anyway."
Dean snorted and quickly covered his mouth as Cas's face lit up into a mischevious smile and snickered quietly with Dean.  Castiel whispered again, "So that's now
He finally broke the silence with a quiet “Uh…hi” and Gabriel and Balthazar started cheering and whistling.  He saw Cas reach over and punch Gabe in the arm and Dean continued.
Chuck glared at Gabriel.  The four of them were not used to being this close to the guy, and forgot that he could probably hear them from their spot.  "I would appreciate you keeping your comments to yourself, young man."
Dean pulled up to the curb in front of the house.  Closing his eyes tight and preparing himself to look as awake as possible to avoid his family picking fun at him for the rest of the day.  He opened his door and stretched until he pulled a muscle and joined Sam as he opened the front door.
It's been two weeks since the party.  Dean agrees to take the gang on a trip to his house for a family day Sunday.  Gabriel and Balthazar continue trying to get Dean and Castiel alone together.
Cas was quiet a lot of the time.  He was constantly listening and thinking.  There were a lot of times that Cas would just smile to himself at a funny comment or roll his eyes at a stupid joke, but didn't feel the need to reply or speak like so many other people, including Dean, needed to in order to feel like a part of the conversation.  When Cas did talk though, it was always a well calculated and amazing use of his voice.  It was either a zinger that decimated whoever was talking before him and made them all drop their jaws, an explanation of something the rest of them didn't understand that made perfect sense, or a really well thought out response to something that we had to read, or conversation they were having.  Cas was not only thoughtful, but articulate, and Dean had never met someone like that before.
"I told John he should have you do it when the time came, but I guess he just never got around to enrolling you  into religious ed." Bobby explained.
Gabriel just started laughing.  Dean used every brain cell he had to keep himself from cheering as he looked at Balthazar with smiling eyes.  God he could kiss Baz right now.
Detecting Dean's embarrassment, Castiel reached his hand over to Dean's leg and said, "Don't worry, I'm not completely selfless.  There isn't a chance in hell I'm going to the babysitting one."
Dean saluted with two fingers as he loaded the last of the food onto this plate for Cas and turned around to go back into the porch.  He found Cas still sitting where Dean had left him, except now he was picking at his fingers anxiously, and his fingers were shaking.  Dean placed the food down on the table out there and sat down next to Cas and placed a hand on his back.  "Where's Gabriel?"
"I don't even know why I asked," she started, "it was written all over your face when you brought him here.  I mean, shit.  I genuinely thought you were bringing home your boyfriend to meet the family until you told me that you guys were friends."
Castiel finally managed to peel his eyes open and look at Dean.  His euphoria catching up to him as his mouth opened a little wider in pleasure.  His dark blue irises were almost completely absorbed by his pupils and he moaned as Dean fisted his cock even harder.
Dean opened his mouth to decline when Cas spoke up, "Well, I don't think Dean will be able to.  He has an 8am on Mondays."
Castiel let her out of his embrace and then booped her right on the nose.  She smirked and booped him right back before letting out a tiny whisper, "I'll miss you, Mr."
Dean blew air out of his nose in a laugh as he watched Castiel squint to look at the melting snow in his hands.  This continued for about a minute, when Cas finally looked up to see Dean watching him fondly.  "What?"
Everyone quickly silenced and looked at her expectantly.  "So, Sam, have you decided who you want to be your sponsor yet?"
"Touchy, touchy", Dean mumbled, almost low enough that Castiel wouldn't have heard it.  Almost.  "I'm your father's farm hand.  I was lookin' for work, and he was lookin' for help.  I'm actually pretty sure I took your spot in the line up, Cas."
Dean smiled.  Even though he was annoyed at Gabriel for offering this outing without asking, he was glad that he had an excuse to go home.  He missed the smell of his house, and he wanted to see his family.  It had been too long.  "Trust me, I'm glad I'm coming too.  Just prepare yourself.  Two out of three of them are wild cards.  I have no control or responsibility for their actions."
Cas tried to stick up for him, "No, he's right.  My intro to Greek myth is really slamming me a lot harder than I was expecting it to."
Castiel watched as Dean shoved his hard leather gloves back on his truly exquisite looking hands, and shifted his cowboy hat a little before winking at Castiel and leaving out the front door.
Dean threw his final sweatshirt into his duffel and slung it over his shoulder.  He checked his phone one final time before committing to the plan that he and Benny had decided on the night before.  There was still nothing from Cas.  Just a text from Baz saying, "Please bring coffee for your favorite neighborhood drunk."
Had he just winked at him?  What a prick.  Castiel was sure that Hannah must've liked him.  Not only because they were both talented in pissing Castiel off with their quick wit, but also because Dean, by anyone's definition, was a total dreamboat.  Hannah was a pretty girl.  She deserved someone like Dean.
Cas was still looking at the floor and was silent yet again.  Dean waited patiently, not wanting to rush him.  Cas started to talk again.  "Apparently he's getting married.  To the secretary."  Cas suddenly started to chuckle, then it turned into a full blown laugh.  Dean felt his heart drop as the laughing fit continued.  "My father!" Cas laughed, "Getting married to the
Gabe threw himself back in laughter, forgetting that he was attached to Dean and Dean almost fell on his ass.  They stumbled back in balanced and Gabe answered, "Cassie is like- the BIGGEST Mac Miller fan on this entire planet of earth, man!  And you?"  Gabe stopped in his tracks and pointed his finger in Dean's face with a smile, "You are a horny son of a bitch, and I knew it wouldn't take a lot to break ya.  Plus I saw the Mac Miller sticker on your laptop."  They started walking again.
Dean stopped fluffing and turned around to look at Cas, tears entering his eyes again.  Dean had never seen eyes so blue before he met Cas, and Dean felt his knees turn into butter.  Dean walked a few steps closer to Cas, and Cas turned toward the window trying to get his emotions back in check.  Dean walked around and intercepted Cas's line of sight and stood before Cas looking down at him.  Cas gnawed at his bottom lip and avoided eye contact again as another tear slipped down his cheek.  A lump formed in Dean's throat and his fingers started to tingle as he guided his own hands forward to cradle Cas's face in both of his hands.  Cas's breath hitched and he looked up at Dean, his eyes saying about 50 things at once.  Dean's breathing started to stagger and Cas started to move his face in closer, so slowly that Dean wasn't sure it was actually happening at first.  Dean felt like he was floating and having a panic attack as he began to move his face down too.
.  Dean cleared his throat and tried, but failed, to keep his crimson blush from creeping up from his neck to his cheeks.  He rose from his seat and dared to place his hand at Castiel's middle before saying sort of quietly, "Here, Cas.  Let me."
Gabe smiled and stuck his finger out to pause the conversation before yelling out again.  "What makes you think that it'll be Cassie on his knees?"
"You must be Castiel", said the boy, his intense drawl coating Castiel's name like honey.  He raised his arm to extend his hand out to him.  "'M Dean."
Suddenly Cas took a deep and frustrated breath, and without looking up said, "If you want to sit down, just do it, I'm not sure why you're waiting for an invitation."
Dean could feel his heart racing and he was starting to sweat.  He decided to take out his phone and call Ellen and catch up, trying his best to stall before he had to go in.  Maybe he would get so into the conversation he would just talk with her until it was over.
Dean was happy that the first song wasn't overly sexual or romantic in nature, because he just wanted Cas to have fun, without any other possible meanings coming out.  This song did that.  Cas changed from swaying to moving his shoulders along as well, and Dean took the cue to use the dish towel like it was a cane in his dance number.  With that, Cas lifted the faucet of the sink and turned it around so the back of it was to himself and brought it to his mouth like it was a microphone, while at the same time, cleaning off the dish that he had just washed before passing it off to Dean.  The two of them continued to sing and dance as the song continued and lead to other songs on the playlist.  Dean could feel his heart growing by the minute.  His Cas was back.
Castiel always sat on the very end of the row, furthest away from Dean.  Dean was usually there first so he would just sit in any random seat, and then the group would find him and sit right beside him, but Cas never failed to sit as far away from Dean as possible.  Dean even tried to switch it up, and through him off guard by sitting at the end of the row, closest to the isle, and Cas
Cas looked up at Dean and Dean almost didn't recognize him.  His eyes were red and puffy, and there was a small purple bruise forming just underneath his left eye, in the shape of an incredibly thin crescent moon.  Cas had always been a little shorter than Dean, but Dean never thought he looked small until this moment.
Cas just looked at him for a second and opened his mouth to decline before Dean cut him off, "Before you even try, Cas, you're going.  You went through a lot today, and you need to rest.  They don't care if we go up.  C'mon."  Dean shook his hand again, nonverbally telling Cas to grab it.
Cas's face blushed underneath him and his breath became staggered.  Dean quickly licked his bottom lip to moisten it when he heard Ellen's voice.
Dean chewed on some of his pork fried rice as he thought about this.  He knew it seemed petulant but, it kind of sounded like a good plan to him.  It's definitely way less embarrassing than the emotional heart to heart, and possible rejection alternative.
Cas's cheeks went pink and he looked at Dean for a second before thanking him and stepping to the side.  Dean got on his tip toes and shoved Cas's backpack into the spot without a problem.  Those extra inches really helped him out.
The table broke into chatter as the family started their own side conversations with each other.  Dean and Charlie started talking about the chemistry project that they'd been working on for a couple weeks, Sam and Jo started bickering about who would get to pick the first game of the day, and Bobby leaned back in the booth and opened the newspaper to the sports section.  Ellen looked around for a second at the commotion, and cleared her throat loudly to get everyone's attention.
Dean rushed into his room and changed so fast he actually slipped a couple of times.  His socks on the slippery hard floor mixed with his frenzy were a recipe for disaster.  Once he finally had everything he wanted to wear on and ready to go, he could hear the voices of everyone in the house exchanging pleasantries in the living room without him.  He raced down the stairs, thankfully for him, with shoes on this time, and zoomed into the room with the rest of them in time to see Ellen hugging Cas tightly.  Cas made eye contact with him and Dean chuckled.
Castiel swallowed, eyes still wide, "I've never actually been to one of these before" he admitted, "I actually had no plans on coming until you said you wanted to come."
Dean knew it was a lie.  Catholics were super weird about the no parent rule.  He just knew that when Sammy told the guy the whole story of what Bobby or Ellen meant to him, they would figure out that they weren't actually blood.  Not realizing he was doing it until he actually did it, he reached up from under the table and laid his hand on top of Castiel's.  Without even blinking or looking away from Sam, Cas laid his other hand on top of Dean's and rubbed his thumb against his knuckles comfortingly.  Dean looked across the table to Jess, her eyes were filled with tears and she smiled at Dean.
Cas nodded and Dean pulled up to the curb in front of his house.  He held his breath and him and Cas exited the car and made their way to the door.
Dean shook his head but couldn't help but smile while he watched Cas attempt to get ahold of himself.  Dean began to chuckle too as Cas wiped his eyes.  He much preferred watching Cas cry out of laughter than the alternative.  It was definitely easier on Dean's heart.  And his rage.
Great.  Dean could see how out of shape Cas really was.  Cas lifted his head from resting against the trunk of the tree to turn and face Dean head on.  Between shaky breaths Cas blurted out, “Did you really mean that?  Did you really mean to say what you did up there?”
"Oh, but would you like to be, my friend?" He held up a flask to Dean's face and wiggled it a little, "My name's Gabriel, and I promise that this is not some elaborate plan to roofie you."
"Okay gang," Bela started, "Bathroom is upstairs and to the right, back porch is attached to the kitchen, and the basement is sound proof.  So, have fun!"
The pet name just seemed to slip out of Dean without him even thinking about it.  Jesus.  A few kisses and he was suddenly turning into a lovesick puppy.  He hoped that Cas didn't notice or would just act like he didn't to save Dean some embarrassment.  Cas closed his eyes for a minute and took a deep breath before looking down at Dean and nodding curtly.  Dean smiled again and took a couple steps back, reaching his arms up to Cas and nodding reassuringly as Cas made eye contact with him.
"Yup, just a few nights ago.  I'm still up on the choppin' block, so maybe you'll be off the hook." she giggled a little and tapped him with her elbow a couple of times.
Dean patted her back and laughed at the state of his friend.  "How late were you up last night?", he asked.
Ellen interrogated Cas a little bit and was able to figure out what he liked to eat in order to make his final home meals before the semester started up again.  Dean's favorite meals were pushed to the side, but he didn't even noticed.  He would've cooked the damn meals if that's what Cas wanted.  Cas ended up asking for homemade mac and cheese one night, steak another, and on their final day before leaving for campus, Cas asked for bacon cheeseburgers.  When Dean pointed out that it was also one of the meal's that he had wanted, and Cas assured him that he had asked for it so that Dean would actually get to have it.
The program not only included the courses, but provided opportunities for community service and the week long retreat that are required before confirmation.  Reading about all of the stuff he had to do was making Dean less and less excited about it, and he was already dreading it the second he found out about it.  But, he loved his mama, and his mama loved Jesus, and his Mom, Mary, would want him to do this for Ellen.  Dean twisted his father's wedding band in his fingers before clicking on the enroll button and officially signing up for the pain.
Cas stopped him, "Of course not, Dean.  I want to go.  They seem great, from your stories, and I want to start putting faces to names."  Cas looked down and put the car into drive.  Dean looked up at him, surprised.  "Now let's get going, we're going to be late!"
Once it started to get dark outside, Chuck gathered everyone back together and announced that they were going to build a bonfire as one of their final team building exercise.  Dean, Gabe, Baz, and Cas all let out groans of relief at the fact that the day’s forced family fun activities were almost over and got to work with the rest of the group to start putting the wood for the fire in the correct formation.
"Oh, shut up." Dean spat.  "Why do I have to do it now?  I'm already 18, can't I just skip this one?"
Dean heard Cas gasp slightly as Dean nibbled on the spot where his neck met his shoulder, and Dean moved back up to his mouth.  They kissed slowly, but deep as their tongues softly caressed the inside of each other’s mouths.  Dean’s fingers clenched down on Castiel’s tangled hair and Cas made a soft noise in response.  The hand that wasn’t curled around Cas’s hair slid its way down his chest and Dean slid his thumb over Castiel’s nipple, massaging it into hardness and Cas let out another slight whimper.
Castiel began to practice what he was gonna say when he entered the door.  Maybe something witty to lighten the tension?  Maybe something kind to buy him some sympathy?  Maybe something stern and confident to let them know he wasn't gonna be made to feel bad about his choices?
Dean arrived back to his room around 7:45.  He had stopped to get dinner for Benny and himself because he received a whiney text from his roommate just as he was passing the take out dining hall.  He got Benny four soft tacos and himself a burrito bowl.  He threw the bag of food on Benny's desk in front of him and slid his flannel off in one slick movement before face planting on his bed.
The emotions Dean had been experience had almost nothing to do with the religion behind the song, but Dean didn't need to clarify that.  Instead Dean just pressed his lips together in a small acknowledgement and nodded curtly before looking back down at the crowd.
Dean laughed a little bit out of love for his friend, regardless of the disheartening feeling that was creeping over him at the lack of text from Castiel.  Benny was already off studying with one of his friends, so he wasn't there to see Dean off, but before he left he made sure to remind him of what to look for after the flirting operation had begun.  Dean took a deep breath and tried to get himself in the confident flirting zone quickly before leaving the room to get Baz his coffee.
Castiel smiled and pulled his hand back before swatting Balthazar's hand off of Dean's.  "This is my brother Gabriel," Cas pointed out, "and his friend Balthazar."
"Yes sir" he answered, and bounced over back over to his seat with a giddy grin.  Gabe reached across the space between them to high five Dean.  "That was awesome, dude."
Hey everyone!  I'm sorry this took so long to finish.  As I said last time, I'm back at college, so that means I live, eat, and drink school now.  I'll be sure to stop and write whenever I can though.
Being flipped so that Cas was now straddling Dean's waist and Dean could feel Cas's thighs against his own ribs must've spurred something on in Dean, because suddenly he flipped them back over, pretty aggressively and pined Cas's arms above his head, holding his wrists firmly.  Cas grunted in surprise and his eyes widened, Dean's blood was running hot in his veins as he looked at Cas predatorily.  He saw Cas swallow hard underneath him and Dean leant down closer to Cas and said smoothly and low, "Is that all you've got, tough guy?"
Cas swallowed and his eyes filled with tears as he clenched his teeth and brought his hand to Dean's opposite cheek and stared for a minute.  "Damn right."
Dean scowled at Benny, "He's a friend of mine.  He's insanely drunk and is staying here because he doesn't have his ID.  Keep it in your pants.", Dean sighed, "and put your fucking shirt on."
Dean felt his face blush crimson and he shoved his face in the couch cushions and whined, "I'm so toast."
About 5 minutes after Dean and Cas returned, Gadreel and Baz waltzed back over to the rest of the group as well.  Gadreel still looked perfect, not a hair out of place, as if he had just gone to the bathroom or something, but Baz wasn’t so lucky.  His hair was pulled in about six different directions and his face all but shouted “I just got rawed” as soon as Dean looked at him.  Dean heard Cas let out a small giggle and Gabe whistled like he was catcalling Balthazar.  Of course, in typical Balthazar fashion, he just smiled and blew all of them an individual kiss.
Someone to the left of them cleared their throat, and suddenly the reminder of where they were and who they were with slammed into Dean's mind like a freight train.  Dean took in a sharp breath at the sound and looked over to see Baz, Ruby, and Bela just staring at them.  They all had looks of both shock and awe, and Baz's jaw was basically on the floor.  The music had returned to the norm of a college party as the beginning notes of Welcome to the Black Parade came blaring through the speakers.  That seems to be enough to change the attention spans of their audience back to partying and singing themselves, and Castiel, as Cas ran over to the others to chant those beginning lines.  Dean was still reeling and didn't join them.
Dean sighed.  Well, apparently this is happening.  "Great, Cas.  I'm sure they'll love you."  Dean smiled at Cas, but then shot a glare over to Gabe, who had a shit eating grin smeared across his face.
After a few minutes, Castiel got up from his seat to go to the bathroom, letting go of Dean's hand gently.  Dean deflated a little bit, wanting it to return.  That is, until Cas leaned down before him and kissed him on the cheek before descending to the back of the bus.  Dean almost fell out of his chair.
"Dude, you've got that guy wrapped around your tiny little finger.", Gabriel snickered, "But yeah, what Baz said."
Benny looked up from his food and rolled his tongue over his teeth, making stone cold eye contact with Dean.  "Okay, dick head.  Message received."
Cas spent the next few minutes explaining to the two of them everything that had happened over the past few days, making sure to be specific about each almost kiss incident so that he wouldn't be yelled at for withholding information later on.  Baz and Gabe were practically shrieking by the end of it all, reacting to each part of the story like they were watching a movie and they were on the edge of their seats.  When Cas explained the final interaction between he and Dean that took place only 15 minutes ago in front of the door, both of them threw their heads back in frustration and groaned dramatically.
The four of them arrived at the party around 11.  Dean thought it seemed early to show up to a party like this, but to be fair, he didn't usually know the people that he were throwing the parties he had been too.  They had all went out to eat beforehand and stopped by a liquor store.  Thankfully Bela had a fake ID and was able to buy four bottles of liquor without a problem.  They all had their backpacks, so they were easy to conceal.  Cas seemed to open up more at dinner.  He talked about his major and told stories about Gabriel and Balthazar that made the girls laugh, but all Dean did while he listened was look at the way his muscles moved under his hoodie while he talked.
"-but I don't make any promises.  Try your best to keep bring your best attention forward in these next few months.  It will be over soon."
Dean blinked and looked back at Cas, who was looking back now.  Cas reached across himself and laid a hand on Dean's chest to feel the ring that had fallen there, not breaking eye contact.  Dean's breath hitched and tears gathered in his eyes, probably because of the booze that were starting to catch up with him now.  Nobody had actually asked him about it before in these four years.  Everyone at home knew what it was, so they didn't need to ask.  Living in such a small town, everyone knew everyone's business, and nobody at school had noticed yet.  I guess that was Dean's fault, for assuming that there was something Cas had not noticed.  He seemed to notice everything.
Castiel clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment before his mother stepped to the side, and left him face to face with his old man.
Hannah, of course, was the first to break the silence.  "Well, don't everyone crowd him all at once, now." she spat out, sarcastically.
Cas chuckled and pushed Balthazar's hand away teasingly before Gabe added, "Yeah, you wish you thirsty bitch."
Dean sighed before lifting his head and looking at Castiel again, who was now wearing an incredibly fond look on his face, his smile spread from ear to ear in a way that said
"I miss you too, kid.  Jo and Sam are at each other's throats lately I-", she was interrupted by a loud crash.  Dean could hear Jo and Sam squabbling.  "Hang on a second, honey."
He rolled up to their building and only waited a few minutes before he saw movement at the door.  Cas came out in a light blue dress shirt and a black tie and his normally spiky and unkept hair was combed and gelled to look perfectly respectable.  He looked great.  Once Dean was done being distracted by Cas's outfit, he noticed that he was alone.
The song mentioned is "Blue World" by Mac Miller, which can be found on Spotify, and on YouTube here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GC2wFTCAGY
Dean swallowed hard.  Cas and him had become more comfortable with one another but, it was getting harder to pretend he wasn't feeling anything for the guy.  Dean was torn between being glad that they were getting along and hanging out more, and wishing that they could go back to Cas just being around him at religious ed and talking to him occasionally.  Dean loved spending time with Cas and talking to him, but being able to appreciate and be interested in Cas from a far was easier and safer.  Ever since that day with his family, the aching feeling of want and pining was starting to become too much.
Dean just chuckled.  It was honestly on him for assuming she would accept an answer like that in the first place.
The family, once again, looked at each other expectantly.  No one raised a hand or nodded.  "I'll go see who it is, maybe Mr. Sutton needs to borrow the shovel again." Dean said, standing up and wiping the excess sauce off of his face from messing with Jo before he left the table.
Dean looked down at Cas fondly as his head leaned up against Dean’s chest.  Dean smiled as he looked at Cas’s hair pressed up against his sweater when he was suddenly shocked out of his loving gaze.
Baz just shrugged, okay with that assessment.  He got back to his dancing, but this time, the girls joined in.
Before Dean could think another thought, Balthazar and Gabriel were both ungracefully climbing over their seats to come sit beside Dean.  Balthazar started stroking Dean's hand and Gabriel grabbed Dean's backpack and started to look through it.  He grabbed Dean's Anthropology text book and looked at it thoughtfully, "Shut up, we are not in the same class on Thursday!"
"Definitely" Dean muttered, now close enough to Cas that Dean could hear him breathing.  They paused, and Cas looked down at Dean's mouth quickly before looking back up into his eyes.  Cas darted his tongue out quickly to coat his lips with moisture and Dean quickly reached his left hand down into the filling sink and splashed a huge wave onto Castiel without breaking eye contact.  He smiled a giant, teeth showing, goofy grin as Cas gasped in surprise, now dripping onto the floor.
The whole table went quiet, and no one dared make eye contact with another person.  No one had the heart to tell him that Bobby and Ellen didn't actually count as his parents.  No one had the heart to say it in front of Bobby and Ellen, though Dean was sure they were thinking it too.
"Mama!" Sam bellowed out to Ellen with a smirk, making direct eye contact with Dean while he watched his brother wince and cover his ears, "We're home!"
"Nope.  I just had the one.  Figured if I had to take an 8 am I at least deserve the rest of the day off, ya know?"
Cas could feel the tears slip from his eyes as his brother spoke.  Gabe leaned over and squeezed Cas's shoulder and smiled at him.  That's when Baltazar leaned his head against Castiel's shoulder and squeezed in a sort of side hug.  Cas looked over at him and patted his head a little before Baz sat up again and looked into Castiel's eyes, "You're far too beautiful to live your life a spinster, my sweet."  Baz dragged his knuckles down Castiel's face slowly.  "And if things don't work out with this chuckle head, you can always run away with me."
It took a little bit longer than it should have because a few puke breaks had to be taken, but they eventually made it to Dean's room.  Dean now had his arm snaked under Cas's arms to keep him walking and Cas was leaning most of his weight into him.  Dean didn't mind.  Dean pushed the door open and found Benny taking his shirt off and getting ready for bed.  He had just got home from a party too.  Dean could smell the whiskey he had been drinking.
Charlie didn't look up from her textbook, which she was currently highlighting.  "That's not an option, dude."
Dean was at a complete loss for words.  He let the seriousness of Bobby's words seep into him and digest in his brain before he was being pulled into a hug.  Dean swallowed hard and squeezed his hands into fists before Bobby clapped his hand on Dean's back and let go.
"You will never become, Dad.  Ever.  You are kind, you are thoughtful, and you have never, could never, and will never, hurt a fly."  Cas opened his mouth to bring up his other points when Gabriel put a finger to his mouth and continued, "And there is no way that Dean, or anyone else that you date for that matter, would be anything like Dad either.  You see everything.  You pick up on everything.  I mean, except for Dean dragging his tongue on the floor while he gushes after you that is."  Cas smiled a little at that.  "But the important stuff, you notice.  I have no doubt in my mind that you will never allow yourself to be with someone like
This is a Cas POV chapter.  It is going to stay in third person as it has been so far, but the narrative will follow Cas's thoughts and action as it has for Dean in the past.  It will go back to Dean's perspective next chapter and probably will stay that way until the end, but maybe we'll pepper in some more chapters like this in the future if it goes well!
Dean had introduced them a few days after the tequila incident.  Charlie had begun to threaten homicide if she didn't get a chance to "check out the merchandise".  Of course, they hit it off.
Dean could swear he heard Cas gasp as quiet as a mouse as another tear fell onto his cheek.  Cas pulled his bottom lip in between his teeth and sighed, his blue eyes almost looking silver with his tears surrounding them, and repeated the motion back to Dean.
Dean threw his head back and sighed.  After a few minutes of silently pouting and pondering, he looked back up at Ellen pitifully, "Do I really have to do it, Mama?"
Cas's eyes widened and his mouth dropped open in a kind of smile before he moved the faucet back over to face the sink and laughed his ass off.  "I'm so sorry Dean," he managed to get out between barks of loud laughter, "but that was definitely worth hearing your little mousey scream."  Cas threw his head back in another fit of laughter.
Dean’s eyes fluttered open, confused and startled by Cas’s sudden movements.  Cas had sat up completely and was now straddling Dean’s torso.
to do something like this.  Dean felt like a dick for commenting like he did, but it was too late to back peddle now.  "I guess I'm just not as selfless as you, Cas."
Before Dean could even open his mouth to talk to him, Cas sank to his knees in front of Dean and began to unbutton his jeans.
Next, Cas opened his mouth and started suckling at the tip.  Dean’s hands immediately went to Castiel’s hair and Cas hummed.  Dean touching him was everything he needed in this moment.
Dean realized that Cas had been staring out the window as Dean finished up putting the left overs away in the fridge.  He seemed incredibly lost in thought.  Dean hated to interrupt him, but he didn't want to scare Cas or disrupt him even more by starting up the dishes or anything without letting him know.  That's when he got an idea.
Dean could feel his face start to warm up with embarrassment and he quickly wrapped his arms around his face to hide from Cas, who was just looking more and more beautiful by the second outside in the woods like this.  It was unfair, really.  Dean groaned underneath his arms and yelled out, “No you didn’t!  I don’t know what you’re talking about!”
Balthazar laughed for a while, wheezed actually, trying to catch his breath before yelling out away from the phone, "Cassie, is that true?  Did you really chug tequila on your first night as a real college student?  That's so hilarious."  Balthazar returned to the phone, "You've corrupted our little goodie two shoes, you scoundrel."
"I love the logic there, kid."  Dean finished up by tightening the tie just tight enough that Sam wouldn't be uncomfortable.
“In fact, your little display of enthusiasm is what made me choose you to go first.  You’re clearly comfortable with singing and performing so, you’re the perfect choice to break the ice.”  Dean just stared.  Chuck continued, “I am not changing my mind, kid.  So get up here.”
Dean took a sigh of relief, happy to hear that he could just kick his feet up for the first time today.  He slung his arm around Cas’s neck and pulled him in close into a side hug as Chuck continued.
Cas ignored Dean and only sucked harder.  Dean yelped and gripped Castiel’s hair even tighter.  Cas was determined.  He could do this.  He could swallow it.
Dean could do nothing but laugh as Cassie grabbed Gabriel's shirt and pulled him down to his level, "Will you not rest until you have embarrassed yourself to the maximum capacity?"
"It's true" Cas wailed into his lap before throwing his head back up to look at the rest of them, "I totally humiliated myself."
Dean lurched forward and grabbed Cas into a tight hug.  He ran his fingers behind his neck and clenched his fist in his shirt as he hugged him as hard as he could.  He felt Cas jump a little in surprise underneath him before Cas too, fell into the hold and buried his face in Dean's neck as Dean comforted him.
Dean was basically on top of Cas the whole time, making sure he didn’t get a splinter from handling the wood to the point where Cas had to tell him to relax and kissed him on the cheek when the others weren’t looking.  Dean’s face blushed up and he hoped Cas and everyone else wouldn’t notice due to the darkness.
Balthazar, who had taken his spot on the floor on the other side of Cas, reached his hand out to poke Castiel's side.  Cas flinched away from him and yelped at the jolt before Balthazar sternly said, "Say what you mean by that right this second."
P.P.S. This chapter has been updated.  There was a lot of extra information added in this update, so make sure you've read the updated version so you're not confused later on.
Cas was laughing so hard it almost sounded like screeching, and maybe some of it was.  He flailed around under Dean, trying to wiggle his way out of Dean’s grip while simultaneously trying to shove Dean’s hands off of him.  Unfortunately for Cas, Dean was well versed in wrestling and he had a firm grip on Cas.  Dean demolished Sam every time, and Cas was way smaller than his little brother.  There was no way he’d get his way here.
"Who the hell are you?!" Castiel shouted, definitely sounding more squealed than he would ever admit to anyone ever.  Especially Hannah.
"You broke our pet nun", Balthazar chuckled into the phone, "He's still vomiting in the bathroom as we speak, kitten.  What the hell did you do to him?"
Dean took the opportunity to do the thing he had been wanting to do for a while, but knew it had to be face to face without getting smacked.  He cleared his throat and attempted to dissolve the lump forming there.  "In that case, mama, would you do me the honor of being my sponsor?"
Dean ogling was disrupted by the song ending and Cas grabbing his hand and twirling him around underneath his reach.  Dean's breath was taken away in surprise.  The tone of the music had changed dramatically, to a funky and smooth song that Dean didn't recognize right away.   Once Dean had turned completely under Cas's hand, he was being pulled into Cas's chest and both of his hands were laced in Castiel's, as Cas started gently dancing along to the music with him.  Cas's shoulders were going back and forth in beat with the music, tugging Dean's arms forwards and backwards with it.  Cas had his eyes closed, really feeling the music before twirling Dean again.  Dean's heart could've exploded.  That's when Cas leaned in and sang the first lyric to Dean, just inches from his face, "
Dean still felt like a zombie when he walked into their religious ed classroom.  He looked around to the sea of depressed and zoned out expressions of his classmates and felt a little bit better that he was not the only one suffering.  He slinked up to his seat and rested his head on his desk until the rest of the crew made their way in and Cas tapped him on the shoulder.
Gabriel looked at him with sad eyes.  Knowing how Dean was feeling, but not enough to for Cas to notice.  Cas probably would have noticed if he hadn't been sick or if he wasn't too busy dying of embarrassment.  Dean shook his head quickly, letting Gabe know that it was fine, even though it wasn't really.
Dean hesitated as he started to walk toward the door.  There was a bright purple pair of panties that had been thrown in the corner of the room near the door.  Dean scrunched up his nose in disgust and confusion as he grabbed a pen from his back pack pocket to lift them from the ground.  He hadn't slept with anyone since the beginning of the semester, so he knew they weren't his responsibility.  They must have been from recently, because Dean was just noticing them for the first time.  How the hell did they get all the way over here?  Dean turned around and walked a few steps back towards Benny's bed with the pen still holding the panties up in the air and then dropped them on his friend's head.  Benny blinked his eyes open again and picked them up off of his face.
The whole classroom groaned.  Chuck rolled his eyes and gestured to the three clipboards in front of him, silently asking everyone to come down and pick.  Castiel stood up and Dean followed, leaning into Cas's space and asking, "So, which one are we going for, champ?"
Ellen laughed and then looked back at the two of them, "Alright guys, go on upstairs and get your clothes on.  We're leaving in ten minutes!"  She retreated back upstairs as she let a piece of hair out from her curling iron and tripped a little on the second step.  The boys followed and walked into their rooms.
ass home more times than I can count."  Shit.  Benny.  Dean immediately regretted bringing him up.  Maybe Castiel didn't remember, like Charlie had said.
you don't wanna just hang out here with me during the break?", she asked, knowing full well what Castiel's answer was going to be.
Zachariah stepped toward him slowly.  Almost like a drill sergeant checking out his recruits.  He looked Castiel up and down.  Castiel swallowed and tried to look forward.
Dean reached out to Castiel’s forehead with his left hand and brushed away some of the hair that was matted to his skin there.  His hand moved down to cup Castiel’s face and grazed his thumb across his cheek bone, still looking at Cas like he could really see him.  Cas pointed his face down and kissed Dean’s palm and nipped at it a bit, still making eye contact with Dean.
Sam was interrupted by the door being shoved open, and Jo walked up to Dean's dresser and grabbed his deodorant, quickly putting it on.  "C'mon, ladies.  We gotta go." she quipped before walking out of the room and walking down the stairs.
Dean thought about what Cas was saying.  He couldn't imagine not wanting his father.  That being said though, he couldn't imagine having a father that would just up and leave him either.  "You have other siblings?", he asked.
Dean ruffled up her hair with his palm, "Have you come to your senses and dumped my brother for me yet?" He joked.  Of course he didn't mean that.  He had nothing but great familial and platonic love for her, but this game they played to annoy Sam was tradition at this point.
“Sh, Dean.” Castiel said as he slipped down Dean’s zipper and looked up at Dean with sapphire eyes, “I’m gonna take care of you now.”
Cas looked at Dean fondly and squeezed his hand a final time before Charlie came over with the food.  It seemed to break the family's emotional trance, and business carried out as usual.  People started talking over each other and arguing about stupid things, but laughing and joking too.
“Come on, baby.  Open your eyes.  I want you to look at me.  I want to see your beautiful blue eyes as you come in my hand.”  Dean’s voice sounded like someone else due to its lust filled and gravely tone.
Ellen took his face in her hands and replied, "Don't call me ma'am, sweetheart.  I'm officially your Mama now."
It took Dean a second to return to reality after the moment had with Cas.  He had gotten lost in the deep blue eyes that he loved so much and didn't even remember that there were other people surrounding him.  It was just him and Cas, together, loving each other.  Dean's breath had caught in his throat at Castiel's return in love declaration, and Dean was almost certain that there was no way he could return to Earth after that.  If he could, he'd turn pink and rocket into the sky in excitement like Peter Pan, but all he could muster up was a choked-out chuckle and smile, another tear falling from his eyes.
Hearing it in the destiel context was just so golden I found myself wondering if there were any fics like that and then I remembered that I can actually write one myself if there weren't any.
Once the bonfire was lit and everyone got comfortable and started roasting marshmallows, Chuck stood on one of the picnic tables and called everyone’s attention.  The group turned around to face him and noticed that he was holding a guitar in his hands.
The two songs mentioned in this chapter can be found here if you are unfamiliar with them and are curious.  This Little Light of Mine: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKkbIZtqhyQ The Table of Plenty: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t8O_PwPlKA.  When I'm writing, to kind of put myself in the situation when I know song is playing at a certain part, I'll play the song when I read it back to immerse myself, and it always makes it more fun if you wanna try.
Dean instantly was filled with worry and dread that he could feel in his feet.  What if Cas suddenly was panicking and didn't actually want anything to do with Dean?  What if he had just completely freaked Cas out with so much emotions.  JESUS CHRIST, DEAN HAD JUST TOLD HIM HE LOVED HIM.  IN FRONT OF EVERYONE.  Dean began to search faster.
Also just as a warning, I usually write from like 1-4 am because I'm stupid and what is sleep.  So if there's part that is weirdly written or doesn't make sense it's because I'm surviving off of one braincell like a caveman lol, so please let me know so I can fix it when I'm less tired.  That's also probably why I stopped when I did.  Like I said, a bitch has to sleep sometime.
The next day proves to be an interesting one for both of them.  Castiel is puking, sweating, and wants to die.  Dean is avoidant and weird.  Dean goes to Gabe, Balthazar, and Castiel's suite for the first time.
Finally, Castiel picked up a stained baseball t-shirt and sighed, "I don't understand how so many of these items are completely unwearable.", he complained, "These people are homeless!  They don't need clothes with giant stains on them or holes.  People should be donating clothes that are still in good condition.  Just because they don't have houses, doesn't mean they don't deserve to be clothed properly."  Bela, Ruby, and Dean all just looked at him for a minute.  He looked at the three of them, "I apologize for the suddenness of that comment, this is just the 10th shirt with a stain like this in it an it's incredibly frustrating."
He looked down at Cas who had closed his eyes and laid his head back against the floor, chuckling softly.
"I sure have", he answered looking Cas dead in the eye before looking back down at his hands, "I sure have."
"I'm going to go grab you some food, Cas.  I'll be right back.  Don't go anywhere."  Dean let go of his friend and charged back into the main part of the house as Castiel sat down on the couch in the back porch.  It wasn't the warmest room in the house, but it sure beat being outside, and Dean didn't want Cas to feel like his family was eavesdropping.
Dean shut off his screen and left with his coat in his hands after squirting himself a few times with his cologne to mask the alcohol coming out of his pores.  Thankfully it smelled worse than it felt.  Maybe he was getting too good at hangovers.
Dean wanted to puke.  Dean wanted to puke and punch something.  He couldn't imagine anyone putting their hands on Cas in a way that wasn't tender and soft.  And Gabe?  They were both too good.  How could they have been hiding a past like that for that long.  Dean felt horrible.
Castiel was wearing a dark blue hoodie and jeans.  He was wearing matching blue converse and he had managed to scrunch himself up so that his book was in his knees, which were brought up against his chest all in one seat.  His hair was in its usual mess, but it was significantly matted down against his forehead today, its dark color and closeness to his eyes really bringing out the bright blue against his irises.  The book looked worn, like it had been read several times.  Cas had the front cover folded behind the rest of the book.
The craziest part of all of this is that Dean was not a shy guy.  He never really felt uncomfortable talking to anyone in normal situations.  He was usually confident, even when he was trying to pick someone up.  He was a total flirt with everyone he was interested in, and very rarely folded in social situations.  Why was this giving him such a hard time?
Their lips slid together and radiated loud smacks into their surroundings and Dean grunted before walking him and Cas toward the tree once again until Cas’s back hit up against it with a thud.  He could feel the heat traveling to his dick, getting more and more turned on by Dean as the seconds came and went.
Dean jumped and his heart stopped in surprise, "Jesus, Jess!", he griped, "I thought someone broke in!"
Dean was so flabbergasted but he was also pretty enthused.  That bastard really was that desperate for tail that he was willing to do it just feet from his sleeping roommate.  That was weirdly admirable.  Dean just shook his head and laughed, then threw a rolled up piece of paper from his trash can right at Benny's face as he walked out of the room.  He opened the door and just before he slid behind it he called out, "Ya nasty, man.  Nasty."
Cas must have gotten really into the music and stopped paying attention to what he was doing after about 15 minutes of their silly antics, because he turned to sing face to face with Dean, and completely forgot that the faucet/microphone would continue to spray water in the direction that Cas turned.  Dean was showered and he flinched and shrieked higher than he would ever admit.  "Ah, Cas!"
Dean shuffled his shoes as he walked, trying to think of something to say to Cas that would interrupt the silence, but Cas was just looking up at the sky with a big goofy grin spread across his face.  Finally curious about what Cas was so interested in, Dean looked up too, realizing that in all of his anxiety about talking to Cas, he had missed that it started to snow.  Dean felt the tension that was bubbling in his chest soar out of his body as he watched the tiny white flurry dance in the air.
Dean cleared his throat and sat down, trying to act normal, "It's okay man.  I guess I was just surprised that you managed to beat me here.  You guys are usually running it at the last second."
"Well, it's basically you officially telling God that you're on his team.  Usually people do it when they're 16, but you can do it whenever you want, actually.   You just have to take like, an ass load of religion courses and then you go to God camp, and THEN you get to tell the Bishop that you're good to go." Charlie explained, "The sponsor is a person you pick to represent you when you do it, kind of like a god parent but you can pick anyone except for your actual parents."
Cas is staying at the Singer's house for a few days before him and Dean need to leave to go back to school.
Dean opened his mouth to say that he didn't see it, but instead he heard Bobby's voice come from the kitchen.  "Joanna Beth, do you really think it's wise to be cussing this close to leaving for church?"  Jo rolled her eyes in exasperation as he continued, "Anyway, your other heel is in here by the washer."  Jo's eyes lit up and she ran into the other room to find it.
Dean did nothing but gaze at him for a few moments, and then was shocked back into reality by Chuck playing the sound of church bells on his phone to get everyone's attention.  "Alright everyone, that's the end of the class for tonight.  I hope that you were able to find some people to call your own as we continue with this process."  Gabriel took the opportunity to lean across to Dean with a fist bump ready.  Chuck continued. "Next week we'll actually get into the meat and potatos of these courses.  We'll be discussing the gospel as well as what it means to be catholic in this day in age.  I will try my best not to make it boring-"
Cas rolled his eyes and then looked at Gabriel, his expression searching for answers from his older brother.  Gabe put a hand on Cas's shoulder, "Honey, there is absolutely zero chance that he doesn't like you.  In fact, I thought that maybe you weren't into him and you might just be getting off on teasing the poor guy because of your lack of action at this point."
Dean exhaled softly and swallowed as he let his forehead land in a small thud against the door that Cas had just shut.
Castiel scoffed, just as willing as Dean to move past the horribly awkward moment they had just experienced, "Don't forget our fearless and wimpy leader."
Dean put his water bottle, which was filled on his nightstand next to Cas's head along with a packet of Advil.  He kneeled down next to the bed and looked at Cas, "Feel free to take and drink what you need, Cas.  You're gonna have a wicked hangover tomorrow, so you might want to get a head start."
"Listen, you are all supposed to be here because you're ready to dedicate your life to the Catholic faith.  I'm not very impressed with the attitude so far.  Just keep in mind that I'm keeping tabs on you during these next few days.  If I don't feel as though you've gotten what you should be out of it, I will not let you continue onto confirmation.  Is that clear?"
Gabe looked at him with a grin and then answered, "Because I like you sweetheart.  You're funny, you're macho, you're chill."  Dean still didn't understand.  Gabe rolled his eyes and continued, "I didn't want it to seem forced, buddy boy.  You're good for, Cas.  I knew you would be the second I met you and you're tiny little voice quaked when you talked to him."
"Oh, hello my handsome boys!"  She squeezed them both individually as Jo ran up behind her with only one shoe on.
Cas looked up at him expectantly.  Dean's stomach tied in a knot as Cas stared him down with his baby blues.  Dean shook his head slightly and answered, "You know what, sure.  I'll go with.  Only if my friend here comes too." Dean reached over and slapped Cas on the shoulder.
Charlie scowled and crossed her arms, "What? How did you manage to get out of that?  I had to do it sophomore year of high school.  The dress was so uncomfortable."
Chuck cleared his throat at the front of his room to give the room the time to quiet down before he got started, and then he welcomed everyone as he brought up the slide show for that day.  Cas lifted his head from Dean's shoulder and Dean longed for it to return.
Dean reached for the wedding band hanging from the chain on his neck once again before he opened his mouth to admit where he was going to his roommate.  He knew Benny would make fun of him.  Not in a real, hurt your feelings, bully way.  In a, you're such a push over for your mom, way.  He knew he would never hear the end of it.  Benny was a good roommate.  He always kept his side of the room tidy, and on his side of the room.  He ALWAYS invited Dean to come with him to every party or hangout that Benny was invited to, and he was really good at keeping it down when Dean was sufficiently hung over.  He was even a pretty decent wing man.  As good as he was though, he was also a total ball buster.
Dean chuckled, "I didn't go to bed until closer to 4 last night, and I still managed to beat you here."
Cas blushed a little bit at the command of Dean's voice and grabbed his hand slowly, "Okay, Dean."  Dean looked Cas in the eyes and felt his chest start to heat up and his heart start to flutter.  Cas needed to stop looking at him like that.  They must have stayed that way for a while, Cas's hand and gaze in Dean's, because finally Jo cleared her throat obnoxiously, which brought them out of their haze.  Dean finally lifted Cas out of his chair and patted his back as Cas made his way towards the stairs.  Dean turned back and looked at Jo and Sam who were both looking at him with their eyebrows raised, smugly.
"Every time I get a snowflake to fall on me I try to see if I can see the unique shape of it, but it always melts before I can see the whole thing." Cas sighed.  "It's moments like this that I wish humans had microscope vision."
Dean wiped his face with his sleeve and looked back into Castiel’s eyes before pointing to his eye, his heart, and then back at Castiel.  A communication that he witnessed his mom and dad use throughout his whole childhood.  He didn’t care that everyone could see it.
Cas put his other hand on Gabriel's hand before he allowed Gabe to continue, "And even if things don't work out with Dean, all of that will still by true.  You can't let the mistakes of our mother and the sociopathy of our father hold you back from living your life, kiddo.  Because that's how the bastard wins."
The movie was almost over, and had reached it's resolution, and Dean was filled with emotion and appreciation of the movie.  He was so excited by what happened in the end, he was sitting on the edge of the couch to get closer to the TV screen.  He turned his head to talk to Cas, "Cas did you see that she-"
"It's fine, man.", Dean was still smirking, "Keep laughing.  I'll just have to get you back when you least expect it.  I bet you squeal like a pig, Novak."  Dean hadn't realized that he started creeping closer to Cas's face as he spoke.
Cas stared at him with unwavering intensity.  Dean seemed a little bit taken aback.  Castiel couldn’t tell if it was because of the question or because of the searing eye contact.  Dean looked at the ground underneath him, and even in the dark, Cas could see his face and ears darken with blush.
Castiel woke up surprisingly slowly and naturally the next morning, suspicious of how well rested he felt.  Even though he'd grown up in this house and had to wake up at 4:30 am every morning of his life, it never got easier.  Ever.  So why was he waking up on his own, after months of waking up only when he felt like it?
"I'm not sure yet.  Cas seems really freaked though.  He said he didn't know where else to go.  I brought him into the back porch and I'm gonna go bring him this so he can tell me.", Dean gestured toward the plate he was holding.  "He's forming a black eye, so this can't be good."
A few hours had passed, and the four of them were on their way home now.  Dean and Gabriel being the drunkest of all of them.  Ruby and Bela had stayed over at Adam's, and Dean and Gabe we're arm in arm, trying and failing to walk in a straight line on the sidewalk.  Castiel and Balthazar were walking and talking in front of them and laughing about something.  They were far enough ahead that they couldn't hear what Gabe and Dean were saying.  Dean had started drinking heavily after his scene with Cas to keep himself from drowning in his own emotions and sexual frustration, but it ended up having the opposite effect.  "Gabe, h-how the fuck did you even know that shit would work, dude?"  Dean always swore more the drunker he got, "How the fuck- did you know- that some random ass song would have that fuckin' effect on us?"
"Did either of you see my other heel in between the doors?" she asked, sounding rushed.  "I can't fucking find it."
Dean's smirk transformed into a full teeth showing smile as he imagined Cas using the pocket sized magnifying glass that he had bought Cas for Christmas.  He had dropped by to give his gifts to the crew the night before, but Cas was out with friends.  He just put the magnifying glass on Cas's desk and a paper cut out snowflake that Dean had made just in case Cas didn't understand the gift right away.  He had gotten Gabe a key chain of a cartoon middle finger, and Balthazar a plastic tiara.  They were small gifts but, seeing how Dean was poor, he figured he would just get them little gifts that reflect their personality to show that he knew them.  Castiel's gift especially, that gift representing a fond memory for Dean.
The door opened and Cas turned around to grab his stuff.  "It's no problem, Cas.  I like helping you.  You should never feel bad coming to me for help."  Dean looked into Cas's deep blue eyes and they stayed like that for a minute, before Cas reached across and put a hand on Dean's cheek.
He decided to take his sweet time getting ready anyway, knowing full well that it didn't matter how late he was at this point.  He was going to be late no matter what, so he might as well milk it while he could.  He took his time in deciding what to wear, and went with his trusty pair of jeans that he's owned since he was 14.  They were holy and gross, to be perfectly honest, but he didn't care.  It's not like any of his clothes ever got to live long without being ruined around here.  He wasn't even sure why he packed, he realized, since he wouldn't dare wear any of his school clothes around the farm.  That is, if he ever wanted to wear them on campus again.
Hannah slung her arm around Castiel's shoulders and started walking them towards the door.  "C'mon Castiel, it won't be that bad.  They're just a coupleuh old cranks.  They'll lay off in a few days, you'll see."
Before Castiel could even respond, Hannah spoke up.  "Oh don't be so sour, Dad.  I told you I shut his alarm off so he could sleep in a little bit.  It's not like we need 'im out here, that's the whole reason we have Dean in the first place."
The two of them hit the door at that moment and Castiel hesitated for a moment, holding his sister back.  She looked over at him and then rolled her eyes.
Even though Dean was in college now, he still made sure to be there every Sunday, especially since he only went to school a half hour away so there was no excuse to not be there.  Ellen always made sure to give Dean money for the gas that was used up coming home every weekend because it was important that he "keep his relationship with the big man as well as his mama."  The two of them were in the impala on the way over.  Sam had asked Dean to pick him up from his friends house since he was already on the road.  Dean's head was pounding something fierce from the hangover he was rocking, and Sam was elbow deep his sociology textbook.
The family rolled into the parking lot of their favorite diner as they did every Sunday after church, and fell out of the tiny family car like a bunch of clowns arriving at the circus.  They walked as a clan to their normal table in the back, and of course, Dean's best friend and Patrick's Diner waitress extraordinaire, Charlie waited on them as she always does.  She brought them their usual drinks and then went sprinting down across the restaurant.  She had a splash of powdered sugar on her cheek and a pen shoved somewhere in her bun as she rushed around.  "Hello my beautiful Singers!", she called out, "I'll be over to talk in a second!"
Dean surged forward with his whole body and grabbed Cas's face with both of his hands and pulled him into himself, looking right back into his deep blue eyes as he finished the song with Cas in it's final chorus, them both belting their hearts out and moving their bodies to the music, not breaking eye contact.  As the music fizzled out into its final notes and into silence, Dean was out of breath and so was Cas.  They stood there for a second, not talking, still looking at each other, as the music changed to a different song.  Up until this point, Dean had only pure thoughts about Cas.  Sure, they had been a little sex driven in moments when he got a brush of skin against his own, but they were relatively innocent.  This moment was different.  Dean was about five seconds away from throwing him against the wall and slamming his lips onto Castiel's.  Dean swallowed and looked down at Cas's mouth, which was parted and pink in Cas's exhaustion from singing and dancing like they had been.
Cas just chuckled, "Even when you look tired, you still look great, don't worry."  Cas lifted his hand to brush back the hair that had fallen into Dean's face.
Cas sighed, "It sounds like he was a very honorable man."  He smiled and squeezed Dean's shoulder as he stood up and got himself a cup of water.
He cleared his throat and croaked out, “You Are Mine”, and he could already feel the knots in his chest start to tighten and his eyes start to water.
The religious ed classes continue.  Dean and Castiel go on their first community service run.  They end up at a party together later on one of them gets pretty shitfaced.
Dean only chuckled in reply.  "I only came in here for a cup a' water, alright?  I'll be outta your hair in just a minute."
Cas pushed his lips into a thin line but did not manage to hide the smile spreading on his face regardless.  Before Dean could even see him do it, Cas reached over and grabbed the sponge from off the counter and squished it into Dean's shirt.  Dean felt the hot water slide down his chest and chills covered his forearms.  Dean squeaked again and took off running to the other side of the kitchen table.  Cas darted his feet to chase after Dean with the sponge in his hand, when his feet slipped on the water pooling up underneath him from Dean's splash.  He hit the ground with a thud and didn't move.
Sam threw his arms around Dean in a hug.  Sam must've grown since he was home last, because he felt like his was being hugged by a giant.  "Hey Sammy!  This is my friend Cas."
After a few minutes of hustle and bustle, Ellen coughed up her notorious throat clearing that made the whole table shut up before asking, "So, Dean, Cas, how is the confirmation journey going?"
Ellen laughed and linked arms with him, "Well, let's get going then.  You can tell me all about them on the ride over."
Cas spoke up then, "Trust me, ma'am.  You'll be glad it's just me.  I can actually behave myself, unlike my brother and his friend."
Dean finally returned her gaze and looked disappointed, "It would be, if I hadn't embarrassed myself to the max before we even made it back to my room-"
"Even though I'm sure you were infuriated at the time, it's probably a good thing he found you when he did." Cas stated.
Damn, she always seemed to know.  "I'll be okay, mama.  I should head in though, I'll talk to you later."
have an actual reason to stay here.  Your father's a pig.  All I have facing me is just a little family drama.  I'll be okay, bean."
Dean continued to run as fast as he could, hoping that Cas wasn’t running too fast for him to catch up.  It seemed to get darker as he ran, but the snapping and trudging sounds seemed to get louder.  Finally, Dean turned a corner, and saw a flash of his own coat weave around a tree.
Dean looked at Bobby sincerely and nodded quickly, before slinging his duffle bag over his shoulder and walked down the porch steps to meet Cas in the car.  He beeped a few times as he pulled away, Cas waving his hand out the window to his family with a smile.
"Just do it, just shove him down on his fuckin' knees and shove the dick into the mouth.  I know you have it in you man, I was pretty sure you were gonna go for it like two hours ago.", they talked over one another.
"Yeah, yeah" he smiled and shoved her out of the way playfully.  "Now, I really need to finish packing here or I won't make it home until after dark."
That checked out.  Dean agreed.  He didn't realize that Cas had never been out before, let alone never got drunk, before last night.  Otherwise, he totally would have invited him before that.  Everyone needed to know what it was like to be drunk at some point in their college career.  What better time than the present?  Dean still didn't understand something though, "Why didn't you just tell me?  I would have taken him out before now.  You didn't have to get someone else to convince me, man."
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Well if you had told me that we hired someone I could have been more prepared."
Dean closed his eyes and winced at the intimate act.  He bit his lower lip before answering, "I mean, even if I was going you could have stayed home if you wanted, Cas."
The four of them ended up going out together almost every weekend.  Now that Cas was comfortable with drinking and was more familiar with the college party scene, Gabriel was ready to have the whole group go with them, instead of just Cas going with Dean.  Cas still was tempted every now and again to ask Gabriel to slow down or be careful, but now that Gabriel had the ammunition of Cas's previous alcohol mishap, he wasn't afraid to remind Cas of it and call him a hypocrite.  They were a good team of drunks.  Castiel kept silent tabs on all of them, Baz made everything more fun, Gabe could always get them free booze no matter where they were, and Dean was an excellent wing man.  Having been burnt by Balthazar's sexual history with the first guy he flirted with, Castiel was too scared to actually admit interest in or flirt with anyone else, and quite honestly, Dean was okay with that.  Helping Cas get laid was something he wasn't ready for yet.  He wanted Cas to be happy, sure, but he wasn't so content in his spot in the friendzone that he was ready to advertise Cas to the highest bidder.  The only guy Dean really had to worry about for the time being was Baz, who always managed to start flirting with Cas
Instead of getting up and leaving, he decided to curl into the couch a bit more and close his eyes too, letting Castiel's whistling snores sooth him to sleep in their dark suite common room.
Cas paused and looked at Dean with what looked to be a thoughtful gaze.  After a few seconds he replied, "I don't know.  I'm glad I have a chance to impact the community in a positive way."
Cas's eyes widened to three times their original size and Gabe just closed his eyes as his mouth folded into a thin line.  After a few moments of tense silence and Cas staring at Gabe as if he had crushed one of Cas's CD's, Gabe finally opened his eyes and looked at Castiel like a child who just got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  "Guess the cat's out of the bag", he muttered.
The bus was quiet as they all collectively registered what Chuck had said.  Knowing full well that he did not want to have to do this all over again, Dean decided that he was going to try his best to participate without rolling his eyes as much as he possibly could.  The song switched to, "This Little Light of Mine" and Dean smiled.  As lame as it was, Dean actually kind of liked this song.  He thought of Ellen, and how her whole face lit up when they played this song at church.  This song and "The Table of Plenty" were the songs that could make Ellen sing louder than anyone else in their parish.  Dean laughed at himself for a moment, and suddenly started to lowly sing along to the song as the first few words bled through the bus.
Cas choked on his newly sipped beer and had a small coughing fit before he was able to respond.  "Excuse me?!"
Once he had told Charlie the whole story, she stopped and allowed herself to absorb all of the details from the story.  Then she spoke.  "Do you really think Benny would hit that?"
Cas started to squirm in his spot and looked around for second before laying a hand on Dean's arm and saying, "Don't worry about it, I shouldn't have come here.  I'm sorry for disturbing your family's evening", and turning trying to walk off the porch.
"I had a doctor's appointment today, Dean.  Ellen asked me to stop by and grab a check that she left at the house to drop off to her at work on my way back from it."  She pulled out the check from the mail she had been sorting threw and whacked Dean on the head with it lightly.  "Good to know that you have bat up there though."
He could tell that Cas was getting close.  Dean picked up his head and saw Cas with his eyes screwed shut, his mouth agape, and his breaths labored.  Dean whimpered at the sight, trying his best not to grind himself into Castiel.
The two of them started to finally catch their breaths, their frenzy of giggles and laughter slowing down into small chuckles until the two of them were just breathing slowly and laying together on the cold wet ground.  If he were with anyone else, Dean might have been bothered by the dampness seeping in through his clothing, but with Cas resting on him like this, Dean could find it in him to be anything but content.
There she was.  Castiel's twin sister, Hannah.  She was smiling ear to ear and jumping up and down.  Castiel smirked and he felt his heart melt a little.  He popped open the door to a squealing shriek and a big hug as he stated, "Little by 2 minutes, smart ass."  He hugged her back as she practically climbed up him.  She definitely looked a little older than she had the last time he'd seen her, and it worked for her.  That's when he noticed a little sparkle on her ear, glistening in the fading sunlight.
The two of them began to take the plates and food off of the table together and Cas leaned over to Bobby and Ellen and said, "Dinner was delicious.  Thank you so much."
Chuck continued with his lecture, but all Dean could seem to do is stare at the back of Cassie's neck.  He had tan skin and it contrasted beautifully with the rest of his features.  When he actually turned around in his seat to hand Dean the attendance sheet, all Dean could do is stare.
Sam let go of Dean and he stepped to the side to allow Cas to introduce himself to his brother.  Cas stuck out his hand formally and smiled, "I'm so glad to finally meet you Sam.
Castiel reached and grabbed Dean's shirt and pulled him down to his own face, "Hey, wanna hearasecret?"
Winter break ended up being everything that Dean needed.  It felt like he lifted a 100 pound weight off his chest not having any assignments due for the first time in months and just getting to enjoy his family time as well as his time at the shop with Bobby.  Sam, of course, was pissed that Dean was able to spend his break homework free and declared that it was completely unfair.  Dean told Sam that he would get his time to be in college soon, he just was still paying his dues.  Sam still continued to be a baby about it regardless.  Jo spent the whole time asking Dean about what college was like and what she needed to prepare for.  She had finally gotten her acceptance letter from Northwestern University admitting her into the journalism program, and now college was all she could think about.  He even went out with her a few times to places like Bed, Bath, and Beyond on supply runs for her dorm.  She was getting a much bigger head start on it than he did.  Dean didn't buy a single thing for college until halfway through July.
Castiel flinched at the nickname.  No one had ever called him Cas.  Not once.  He got Cassie sometimes when his family was yanking his chain or trying to make him blush, but never Cas.  It was always Castiel.  And here was this boy, someone he's never met, in his kitchen, touching his dishes, and calling him whatever the hell he wants.
"Oh my goodness, silly!" Cas finally answered between giggles.  "She's not my girlfriend!  I mean she was when we were in high school but, I'm pretty sure the whole school recognized a beard when they saw one."
Dean took a breath and thought about this information.  Then, he took off his backpack and unzipped to find the bottle of tequila that Bela had purchased for him.  "Well, Cas,", Dean started, "Rule number one of house parties: they are no fun sober."  Dean unwrapped the bottle and took a swig.  He handed it over to Cas who seemed like he was breathing even faster now.
