The suspicion that it was in fact he himself who had run off sulking to his room last night was a thought he didn’t like to acknowledge, so therefore, he didn’t.
And with those parting word he disconnected the call and left his office, heading for a well due conversation with Dr Watson regarding his brother.
John took a deep breath to calm himself down, a hand pinching the bridge of his nose as he tried to return to a calmer state of mind than that of a person bordering on raging fury. As he finally managed to gain an acceptable breathing pattern, he removed his hand and tried looking at Sherlock as coolly as possible.
He then raised his lower body enough to shimmy out of his pants before he grabbed his leaking cock and pressed it against Sherlock’s glistening lips that opened up for him and prepared for the intrusion with an eager smile playing on them.
“That is one way of describing it. But it is of curse never as simple as that when dealing with actual people. Numbers and statistics are all fine and well, but then there is always that unpredictable human angle that muddles it all by bringing feelings into the mix. Case in point would be my own brother, even if he would never admit to it himself. Not only did he bring about this whole disaster with Trevor and Magnussen in the first place on account of some childish desire to acquire himself a friend and then to get back at me for pointing out the dangers of getting involved , but he also managed to drag you into the mess as well, in a very round about sort of way paved with rash decisions that must have caused both you and him many sleepless nights.”
He watches himself from a few weeks ago pick up his jacket in panic without turning to face the two brothers who are throwing daggers with their eyes at each other, and then rushing out of the flat.
He was a repulsive man but essentially harmless, a few had even pampered to his needs to keep him quiet and earn whatever favours his companionship could offer them. It wasn’t that different to how most businessmen conducted themselves in this time and age where nothing was off limits and every way of reaching your goals were acceptable, however immoral.
In his delusional and limited way of looking at the situation, the only thing that mattered was that Sherlock belonged to him and how Sherlock felt was of no particular interest.
Alarm bells immediately went off inside John’s head as he recalled his own hasty departure earlier today, the state of Sherlock’s appearance, the carpet in the dining room that was bound to be both smelly and a bit stained after their sexual activities. Even if both of them had tried to take most of the ejaculation into their mouths and swallow it, he vividly remembered cum dripping down the sides of his lips, eventually ending up smeared on the carpet. Not to mention the smell of post-sex that always lingered in a room afterwards.
“I know enough to ensure that he won’t be able to do it again. I had a proper talk with him about it this morning and even if my brother would never admit to taking advice from anyone, I think he has learned his lesson.”
He liked the threat of danger occasionally, the rush of the chase that made his adrenaline spike through the roof. But when he wasn’t chasing criminals with Sherlock, he longed for the simple life where he could cuddle with his boyfriend on the sofa, lazy Sunday mornings in bed, cooking together perhaps.
There were still some unknown variables that could topple their whole plan and if that happened, Sherlock would be tethered to Victor or worse within a couple of weeks and John Watson likely running for his life with a target on his back to get away from Magnussen and Victor’s need for vengeance and retaliation.
Mycroft knew a lesson was a difficult thing to teach his wayward brother, but at least Sherlock could sweat a little while wondering if they would suddenly resurface now that Magnussen was dead and a lot of dark secrets were coming to light in his wake.
“Why the panic? I have a phone, we can call for back-up if we need it. Let them run amok in the house or leave, whatever suits their purpose. We might even use this to our advantage if we want to. Pretty sure Mycroft Holmes' career won’t exactly prosper if word reaches his colleagues that he locked two people up against their will in another man’s house and began to search it for his missing brother, like a raving lunatic. As soon as I found out he had a brother, and especially after meeting said brother myself, I knew Sherlock would prove to be at least someone’s pressure point. Luck really that it turned out he was Mycroft’s.”
“As I said, we modified your former army weapon a bit. The sound was for the benefit of my men, upon hearing the signal they were to enter the building. As per the arrangement of plan number 7.”
Shortly before Victor’s departure, the man hired to act as Sherlock’s physician, had called to inform them that Sherlock was still unconscious and remained under life threatening conditions whereupon Victor had managed to lose whatever resolve he had left, swiped his arm out to throw the crystal decanter containing the whiskey to the floor, smashing it into a million tiny little pieces scattering like diamonds on the carpet between them before rushing out of the house, slamming the door in his wake.
The inside was tastefully decorated but very impersonal as well, nothing looked like it had been chosen with any particular care or affection and just as the exterior, it exuded an air of coldness about the place.
“I’ll allow you your privacy, Mr Magnussen. When you are done, kindly show yourself out. I have other pressing matters to attend to and unfortunately not a lot of time to spare. Good evening.”
“It’s a British tv soap....” John began but impatiently Sherlock waived it away before lighting his cigarette.
He had threatened him with all kinds of elaborate punishments, but eventually he had realised that as long as Magnussen was holding the reins it didn’t matter if they managed to get rid of Victor, Magnussen would most likely just change the stipulations according his own agenda and in the end that might mean something even worse than what they were facing now.
“And what a remarkable job he seems to be doing. No one’s lasted this long before. The question is if how good his medical skills really are or if his talents lie elsewhere.”
“I think you’ll end up in more trouble if you actually reject me ,” he replied airily as he made his way past her and began to head up the stairs where he remembered that the living room had been.
Mycroft cringes a little bit when he watches himself put on the performance of being shell-shocked. It’s not a role that would come easily for a man like him, few if any things manage to shake him to the core and if something does, he most certainly doesn’t put on a show about it.
“I have a proposition for you Dr Watson. And before you decide to correct me for using your well-earned title you might just as well get used to it again if you decide to accept the offer I am about to make.”
So instead he cleared his throat and decided to ignore whatever bodily responses the other man elicited in him by remaining  seemingly unmoved.
Trying to cut off the inevitable lecture that is surely about to spill out of the man’s lips, John interrupts that impulse by being quicker.
“If something was ailing my brother, Dr Watson would be tending to him this very minute, so rest assure that everything is as it should be.”
Secretly he cursed his brother for the umptieth time this evening for putting him in this uncomfortable position, but his features said nothing about his inner feelings and when John returned a moment later he simply walked over to the car and opened the door, making sure that he was seated in the middle so he could put at least a little  distance between the two other men.
That had been one of those small details John had found endearingly quirky when it happened but now hated with infinite passion, cementing his impression of Sherlock as a spoilt selfish bastard.
And with those words he turned around and left the room, as if dismissing a servant by turning his back on him and John clenched his jaws, wishing that he could have thought of some sort of  parting reply that would have given Victor Trevor a better impression of him.
He contemplated leaving the man where he was to go search for a medical kit, hoping that it would be well-equipped and perhaps contain an adrenalin shot. But on the other hand he felt reluctant to simply leave him there on the pavement alone and unsupervised, what if he died while John was away?
“Yes, I appreciate the anger when presented with this scenario, believe me, I’m hardly pleased with him myself. But the pressing matter at the moment is to find out where he is. Once that is accomplished you can decide to have a few chosen words between the two of you.”
Without knowing too much about the man they were about to visit, at least two deaths under peculiar circumstances, as well as the professed anger issues and the presumed criminal activity, it was too much to ignore, Dr Roylott could potentially prove to be quite dangerous.
Just as they were almost by the stairs, a loud crash was heard, shortly followed by heavy steps across the floor downstairs.
He had stepped too close without looking and when noticing its presence mere inches from him, coiled up, ready to strike out, he had frozen to the spot at first and simply stared at it, waiting for it to attack. Even to have slowly removed his foot could have provoked a reaction.
Sherlock stubbornly returned John’s stare but there was a glimmer of uncertainty in his eyes now, despite his effort to try and look stoic, and John could sense that his words were beginning to have an inkling of impact finally.
With fumbling hands he managed to locate the number he was searching for and pressed the dial button.
“Victor isn’t denied access out of spite. But my brother is, as you can see for yourself, quite ill and is in no condition to handle any visitors.”
Mycroft seems to have pulled himself together from the initial shaky appearance. He is micromanaging everything now, despite his claims earlier that it will prove to be fruitless attempting to catch this man.
As if savouring a particularly delectable dish, Magnussen practically purred when talking about Sherlock, but the final part of his speech didn't go unnoticed.
“You’re rambling....” John cut in and Sherlock threw his arms out in frustration, turning his back against John as he took a few steps closer to the shore, then turned again and paced back, his movements edgy and agitated.
That Sherlock had been far from fine at Magnussen’s dinner party had apparently managed to slip Victor’s attention, a surprising feat in itself considering how he monitored Sherlock’s every move with the eagerness of a predator watching its prey, but Mycroft had always been aware that Victor seriously lacked any talent in the intelligence department so maybe it wasn’t surprising that he only managed to see things from his own very limited point of view and probably thought that just because he had enjoyed Magnussen’s atrocious dinner arrangement, Sherlock must have enjoyed it as well.
The delightfully thrilling man with the manic mannerisms that had alluded to all sorts of criminal activity and unsavoury behaviour despite Sherlock’s presence. He was clearly a bit unhinged if he allowed himself to make revelations like that in the company of a stranger, even if he probably had thought that Sherlock was one of Magnussen’s usual young men that he brought home for a night of entertainment.
“Of course I am! What did you expect?” John blurted out, not bothering with keeping his voice down. He was drunk, angry and indeed jealous, what else could possibly rattle his cage any further? But despite his outburst Sherlock didn’t move a muscle, only looked at him evenly.
“Such a temper, Dr Watson. I really think you would benefit from sitting down, it is a comfortable chair and the tea is an exquisite blend of Lapsang Souchong…”
His eyes were bright but there was a tiredness to him, he seemed exhausted, as if holding on by a mere thread.
I needed for you and me to be seen as sudden enemies and when you reacted they way you did to my drug abuse I just ran with it and allowed you to believe that I was this cold-hearted drug addict who had used you to keep my vice a secret. But I actually never used anything.
The only person he cared about was now forced to succumb to whatever hellish acts Magnussen wanted to subject him to and there was nothing for John to do but allow it to happen for now, to admit defeat and let matters to take their course.
Pretty soon though he realised that they were going in the wrong direction of Cotswolds where Appledore was located, by his estimation they were now in Surrey, in the opposite direction, so wherever they were headed, it wouldn’t do him any good guessing the destination, he would simply have to find out eventually, however irritating that idea was.
John did his outmost not to let his eyes wonder but that meant that he instead had to meet the other man’s inquisitive stare and as their gazes locked he didn’t know what option was worse, staring into those mesmerising eyes that seemed to penetrate him with profound intensity, or letting his gaze fall down to the more private area of Sherlock’s naked anatomy that were just inches from him and offered an overwhelming temptation to reach out and touch.
“You can come as you are and change into your work uniform later. Your presence is asked for quite urgently.”
When he woke, it was dark in the room and at first he didn’t know what it was that had woken him up.
When Sherlock had dared to point out that John’s unjustified and quite childish jealousy was threatening to overcloud facts with silly imagination, and that the problem hadn’t been  Magnussen's sexual pestering, but rather the fact that Mycroft’s plan had been futile from beginning to end, did nothing to calm John down.
When he picked it up, he noticed that the screen blinked with an incoming message that must have come when he had been in the library.
Still, he couldn’t deny that it was a tad unfortunate that the first interesting man he encountered since being discharged was not only taken but also a potential patient of his.
“I was sorry to hear about Purcell’s early demise. I was told it was some sort of cardiac arrest?” he said, all polite airiness again and mentally Mycroft grinded his teeth at the utter cheek of this man. They both knew that wasn’t the truth.
An hour after he had sent the text, instead of his brother responding, he got another type of message that came from a different, and very unexpected direction when his PA came in to announce that he had a visitor waiting outside in the form of Mr Charles Magnussen.
John shook his head to clear the jumble of thoughts swirling inside it right now. This was beginning to be a bit too much for his still somewhat hazy mind.
“That’s because I don’t see the reason for you to know the answer. Don’t get sloppy with me, big brother. That is what you are after all -
But it could also occasionally be something more horrible, like signs on Sherlock’s body of someone having taken his pleasures from it, like faded bruises from fingerprints that must have dug deep into those slender hips during sex, or a love bite on the neck for example. The first time he noticed them it felt like he had been hit straight in the solar plexus and the air literary went out of him before he recoiled as if burnt by the sight.
“Well, that’s probably the reason he brought his own entertainment then, as no one else is that keen to talk to him,” Hawkes offered before turning the tap on to wash his hands.
“What has his doctor to say about it?” he asked and actually turned his head to take a closer look at Mycroft now.
He woke from the feeling of fingers curling around his throat, his eyes widening as he stared into the familiar features that loomed above him.
As he entered, Mr Rudd gave a quick nod and then made his excuses, leaving John alone with the other man, both of them looking at each other, John with a questioning glare, the other one assessing him in return.
And considering how very rudely John had thrown him out mere hours ago, Sherlock’s brother was hardly going to eagerly extend any helping hands at the moment.
John had been given the short and probably very edited version of events afterwards, even if some details remained classified as Mycroft put it, despite Sherlock’s protestations from his bed.
If Mycroft was in any way effected by these words, it wasn’t visible in his features, quite contrary he looked indifferent, his eyes void from any emotion.
Then, with a swift snatch of his hands, he straightened the poker back into its former shape again, before throwing it back down on the floor.
He took regular morning swims in the lake on the premise before work, went to the pub with the others for a pint and a game on the telly and all in all he felt fairly happy most of the time.
He was clearly not an employee, John had never seen him before and even if he didn’t know everyone’s name by heart, he certainly recognised his co-workers by their appearance, and this was not someone he had ever seen here.
It was in Sherlock's DNA to act recklessly and it would most likely be the cause of his downfall one day. Mycroft could only  hope that the day wouldn’t be just yet.
At least he knew he was no longer observed and forced to remain where he was, so he slowly  rose from the bed on wobbly feet to make it to his own room upstairs, wondering with a rise of dread what the cause of this reaction had been all about.
Now stop stalling and spit it out. Last thing I remember was your men storming Magnussen’s house, me being forced to drink a very suspicious cocktail and then meeting you. Next I wake up in a strange place, head hurting like hell before I fall straight back to sleep, continuing to linger between being awake and falling asleep for who knows how long. It’s almost as if someone went to the trouble of drugging me. I hate to be the accuser without any proper evidence and yet I’m going to make a wild guess by suggesting that you might know something about that.”
Mycroft had secretly always wished that his brother would join him in his own chosen path of strategic politics and diplomacy, but had eventually realised that Sherlock had no interest whatsoever in that line of work. So, eventually he has accepted the situation for what it was and also realised that he couldn’t control how Sherlock spent his time and what he wanted to do for a living, even if it didn’t mean that he liked it.
“I see. Sounds problematic indeed and naturally you must be reminded of it almost daily when forced to remain working for his brother. But that dilemma could easily be resolved if you’re willing to meet with me tomorrow evening and see if we might to come to some sort of arrangement.”
Mycroft quickly decided to intervene by stepping up between the two men, his hands raised in a placating manner.
“There were rumours surrounding your relationship and I believe Mr Trevor was the most ardent believer of those rumours although he never could prove anything. Suffice to say, he was right for suspecting you to have ulterior motives for your visits?”
“I see you met Nagaina. I brought her from India a few years ago, named her after the protagonist in Riki Tiki Tavi. She is just as vicious as her namesake, so no regrets about bringing her here and introducing her to those in need of making her acquaintance.”
Magnussen took another bite of his food, clearly enjoying the flavour, washing it down with another sip from his glass. The ill temper when talking about Sherlock’s involvement with his flatmate was seemingly gone now.
John’s eyed widened in shock because what the hell was happening here? Did Mycroft actually intend to force his little brother to stick a hand inside a jar with a wasp inside it, no less than a day after he had been admitted to hospital on account of anaphylactic shock due to the sting of that very same insect??
He closed his eyes and braced himself against another wave of pain, his forehead glistening with sweat, making his curls plaster themselves against his skin and his mouth twisting into a soundless grimace.
Wishing to wrap things up soon enough, John leaned forward a little bit and looked at Magnussen intently.
With rising horror John wondered how Sherlock could stand to be with such a man and he turned his eyes away from Victor’s possessive kiss to look at his patient come lover, still seated like a statue in his chair.
And he certainly didn’t mind having Sherlock spread out on a sofa, pressed against a bookcase or bent over a dinner table instead of doing it in a bed. It was unorthodox for sure, but so was everything else about the man.
“Shut it, Pemberton, they’re brothers. And don’t get caught saying out loud that you’ve ogled Mycroft Holmes’s little brother, he would send MI5 straight after you without batting an eyelid.”
They walked along a hall of closed doors so it was difficult to tell if the whole house suffered from the same atmosphere of anonymity but the thick beige carpet beneath their shoes that silenced their steps completely, as well as the white tapestry and the non-descript paintings that were so boring that they almost became remarkable because of it, made John take a wild guess who the person who had summoned him actually was. He had never met the man himself, but had heard plenty from Stamford in order to make a good guess and the last thing he remembered being told was that this person was so shrouded in obscurity that no one truly knew what he did for a living. It certainly made this house fit straight in with the mystery of its resident then.
“And for the record, I wasn’t expelled from the army, I was sent home because my time there had come to an unfortunate end. But I was rewarded a medal of honour for my services, so I’m nothing like the pathetic penniless and disgraced war veteran you portrayed me as. I’ve probably killed more people with that gun than you could even begin to wrap your mind around and you wave it around like it’s a toy for you to play with. So my advice to you is to get the hell out of here before I lose my patience and show you how it’s actually put to use.”
“So I was informed. But I came here with the intention to see if things could perhaps be salvageable between yourself and my brother, despite your message. It would be quite a nuisance to start looking for a new physician this close to the wedding, especially someone he wouldn’t immediately chew up and spit out at the very first sight.”
“So you broke it off. And then what?” he asked instead, doing his best  to sound calm and composed despite feeling anything but, at the moment.
“Hardly. I don’t pretend to be anything beyond what I present to the world. You have a mask of self-complacency permanently glued to your face. You always say that sentiment is a weakness, so it seems a bit rich to suddenly claim that you actually care about anyone beyond yourself.”
“Goodbye, Mycroft. Good luck dealing with this affair as you see fit and don’t come knocking on my door for any further assistance. That option is no longer available."
He had that look in his eyes that he always had when he didn’t understand why people were making such a hassle of something that in his mind was completely irrelevant.
doing? Sending Mycroft with the car yesterday?” he finally said in disbelief as he caught on to the last part of Sherlock’s speech.
The question was aimed at John as it seemed that the two men in front of him were joined in some sort of conspiracy against him and the explanation for such an occurrence would likely be John as Mycroft never reached out to the doctor when he could very well do things on his own.
This time he didn’t bother with putting his back against it in an attempt to barricade the room, no one was going to be able to get out now anyway. He put his gun away as well. It had served its purpose for the evening.
John’s frown deepened and for a second it looked like he was going to slam the door shut in Mycroft’s face and just wash his hands off the whole thing. A part of Mycroft wouldn’t blame if he made that decision.
And there the familiarity between the brothers finally made itself known. A bit paranoid the both of them apparently.
Instead he went straight for the front door and walked out to the waiting car that was going to take him back home.
It would have been tempting to just decline. Sherlock had no wish to expose himself to whatever chiding Mycroft had in store for him, but the option, that his brother decided to voice his misgivings in the presence of John was far worse, so reluctantly Sherlock followed him down the stairs, to the front door to send Mycroft off, leaving John in the flat to put the kettle on.
The benefit  of having a person working as a double agent in this manner was so far the only upper hand Mycroft had managed to achieve in his war against Magnussen though and as far as result went, it wasn’t much. But finally the situation might actually be looking brighter if John Watson managed to play his part in their favour from now on.
“Patience, gorgeous,” John smiled before he returned to the now red and pulsating cock in front of him, swallowing it and then bobbing his head up and down with increasing pace while Sherlock’s fingers in his hair sent his eyes actually tearing from the intensity of the grip.
“I believe you left this behind today. I thought it important that it was returned to you before you began wondering about its whereabouts.”
If people think Sherlock is a full-time arse to the general population they have yet to encounter Mycroft at his most condescending and pompous self. It’s frankly a whole new level of arseholeness and if you consider the fact that John’s flatmate is Sherlock bloody Holmes – the official face of snark himself, and that John has spent a substantial amount of time both in the military and around overachievers in medicine, two fields known for harbouring a lot of overblown egos, it speaks volumes that Mycroft stills ends up on top of the list.
He could feel the actual hairs on his neck rise from excitement as he realised who it was that had sent the message. The mystery guest from that first night he had spent with Magnussen!
By the end of the hall the woman stopped by a set of stairs and placed herself to the side, finally looking up from her phone in order to give him her full attention.
“Where is Sherlock?” John frantically twisted his head as if in the presence of a cobra, looking for the snake charmer to come around the corner to his rescue.
“So to put it simply, you have turned a real prison sentence that would likely have given you a few years at the most behind bars, in exchange for a lifetime as a prisoner to Victor, with him as your own personal jailer? I still don’t understand how Mycroft is agreeing to any of this? And why are
“I have no recollection of tonight being agreed upon,” he said with a hint of annoyance in his voice.
But Magnussen actually saved him from whatever haltering explanation his brain was about to concoct by himself raising the issue of Sherlock.
After a couple of beers and a few rounds of dart, they all stumbled back to the barracks and John crashed face first into bed, managing to fall asleep for the very first time without the image of Sherlock etched into his retinas.
Mycroft looked up from the still open drawer, as if surprised by the question or because John had bothered to ask in the first place. Maybe he was used to people not caring beyond the grand pay check.
He didn’t really need Mycroft to pull this off, he could manage on his own and even if it would be trickier to continue pursuing the Magnussen business without Mycroft finding out, it was preferable to being subjected to these types of lectures every time he did something Mycroft had not given him permission to do.
This had been at the beginning of their relationship and he felt a pang of regret when realising that he would never again get the opportunity to perform another research like that.
“There are other ways to pass the time, more suitable than what you have chosen to do this time. Remember who you belong to, Sherlock. That body is not yours to do whatever you want with.”
A bit hurt by the harshness of these words John got up from the bed and reached for his discarded pants from the floor.
“You’re actually more quick-witted than I might have given you credit for, Dr Watson. Or have you been taking lessons from my brother in what he calls “the science of deduction?”
He had tried more conventional methods of shaking off John at first but had failed miserably at all of them.
Granted, Sherlock being tied to a bed in his enemy’s possession was as good as defeat anyway, but the realisation what defeat really meant was unacceptable to John, he couldn’t handle it, refused to acknowledge that the game was actually over.
“It’s quite late for a phone call, what could you possibly have on your mind that couldn’t be expressed when we saw each other mere hours ago, with ample opportunity to communicate face-to-face?” he sighed as he seated himself on his bed, his body longing to just crawl under the covers and succumb to some well-needed sleep.
Even if Mycroft found Sherlock’s relationship with the doctor quite pointless and frankly a weakness to be exploited by others, he could concede that his brother seemed more content with life since this development.
Because, at the end of the day, Sherlock was still going to marry his fiancé and John was nothing more than a dalliance to keep him entertained for now.
And that’s where you come in. Once you get invited to his house, keep him sufficiently occupied for me to take care of the rest. I have my guess as to where the vault might be located, but I need you to help me. As he thinks I’m temporarily removed from the scene, he won’t suspect my involvement.”
When Mycroft entered the flat and spotted John Watson fast asleep on the couch, alarm bells began to go off inside his head.
John simply couldn’t stomach it any longer and headed out of the dining room and straight for the stairs in the search for a bathroom. He was in dire need to throw up.
“No, but it most certainly was your fault that it happened in a courtyard where no one was even aware of your presence. Had it been in our garden at home things would not have turned so dramatic, people would have been able to help you out quicker. Did you know that if that doctor fellow hadn’t happened to come by when he did and acted so quickly, we wouldn’t even be having this conversation because you would be lying on a slab in the morgue right now!”
“Thank you. You can turn around now and put the dressing gown back on,” he said when he had finished.
It was a relief to see Sherlock looking like his normal self again. There wasn’t any signs of the ordeal he had been through, he was perched in one of the large windows overlooking the front of the house, dressed in one of his silky dressing gowns, this time a scarlet one, complementing his pale alabaster skin perfectly.
“I think we can agree that dear little Sherlock is a person who runs by his own agenda and you have no idea how to deal with someone like that, Dr Watson.”
“Well, erm, no....” Mycroft began, very aware of the spectator following their every movement from the anonymity behind the tinted windows of the car. “Perhaps we should go inside for a minute...?”
“You know Sherlock has been here, most likely still is, I could see it in your posture, how you suddenly grew stiff and stared at something on the floor, and then tensed your shoulders, as if considering your options. Up until that moment, your body language rather showed signs of you thinking that being here was a waste of your time. What was it that you saw?”
His eyes travelled over the limp body and he noticed how his fingers had left stains on the fabric of the shirt from where he had gripped the arms as well as pushed against the chest while performing the chest compressions, making it look like soot against the stark whiteness of the shirt.
He was perfectly aware that he had no way of threatening Victor with anything, the gun was after all illegal and he had been the one to keep it when he should have returned it after his homecoming, but he prayed that the firmness in his tone, the one had often used back in the army, would be able to have some impact anyway. It was difficult to tell as Victor’s features were mostly shrouded in shadows but at least the hand holding the gun had now been lowered slightly.
He had barely managed to avoid the involvement of a security guard paroling close by and luckily his next train had arrived so he could leave the brawling group behind, still screaming profanities at him will trying to tend to the man with the broken nose.
Soon enough voices were heard and as John turned he saw the young man he had rescued come walking up towards him across the pathway in long strides, wearing the same white shirt he had worn yesterday, evident from the black fingerprints John had left on the fabric while performing CPR, curls lightly billowing in the morning breeze and looking very different from the lifeless body John had found on the ground between the two containers.
Mycroft stepped out first and was then followed by Sherlock who had been exceptionally quiet during the ride and remained just as silent upon arrival. That was either a good sign which could indicate that Sherlock was trying to get into character, but it could just as well mean that he was sulking because he was against this whole idea to begin with. In the end it didn’t matter, as long as he did what he was told to do.
Mycroft Holmes was a person famously difficult to get close to. Fiercely private, opting to work in the shadows rather than in the spotlight, he acted as the puppeteer of those in power, the shadow master that ruled from the side-lines and those who needed to know of his influence did so without having to meet with him. His name alone spoke volumes to those who knew who he was and what he could achieve.
“I’m not....” John began but was cut off by Mycroft raising his hand to prevent him from saying anything more.
eccentric and has a bad temper I’m afraid. If thoroughly crossed he could get volatile, I suppose. I think it depends on what your brother is planning to do with him.”
He knew Sherlock was not asleep, he hardly ever was at this hour and Mycroft wanted him to be aware that repercussions were coming very shortly.
“Your actions today showed signs of quick thinking and the ability to act accordingly in a stressful situation. Those traits are surprisingly hard to come by, more so than you would imagine considering how many people I encounter on a regular basis in my line of work.”
He has been forced to involve John of course, Sherlock is his flatmate and closest friend after all, anything else would have been strange. But John is beginning to feel certain that if Mycroft wasn’t forced to include him out of pure courtesy, he wouldn’t.
Trying not to show his growing suspicions manifest themselves on his face, he discreetly tried to dig for further information without revealing the reason behind it.
As Magnussen was more part of Mycroft’s world than of Sherlock’s, they had never crossed paths and it wasn’t actually clear if the businessman had heard of Holmes the younger as of yet, but Mycroft was certainly someone Magnussen was well aware of and they had met a few times before.
A few hours later he was abruptly woken by someone shaking him ruthlessly, his name being called and as he pried his eyes open to look at what was causing such a disturbance he saw the same woman who had taken him to Mycroft on his very first visit to the Holmes household, standing next to his bed, shaking him by the arm.
. If my brother had been half as smart as he claims to be, he would have realised this already, but as he is as emotionally stumped as a log of wood, he naturally didn’t have a clue. “
“He isn’t totally useless when it comes to advice. Or at least he shouldn’t be, he works for the Government, so advising people is more or less his day job. In this matter I figured that he made a good point…”
It was tempting to put a bullet in a more fatal location of his body, considering what he had done to Sherlock, but John managed to hold back those urges for now. The situation didn’t demand for him to kill. Not yet.
Trying to shake these morose ideas from his head, as they were doing nothing to aid his current predicament, he felt a wave of nausea hitting him and realised that any sudden head movements were not advisable at the moment.
One of the things he loved most about Sherlock was that life with him was never boring and predictable.
The fact that Mycroft seems as close to helpless as a person who is always in control can possibly be, just causes John’s heart rate to pick up even further.
They reached a door at the end of the hall and without looking at his guest, Magnussen simply opened it and entered.
“Yes, and seeing our host very instinctively reacting with physical force when affronted, how likely do you think it is that my brother, one of the most irritating people to walk the earth and never one to know when to simply keep his mouth shut, has managed to stroll out of here unharmed?”
This time there was a small but distinct crack of the material and encouraged by his success he raised the fire poker again with determination.
But John did none of those things. He was tired of this, the whole situation. How was he supposed to move forward when every damn idiot was determined to drag him straight back into it? Couldn’t they just leave him alone?
As he was preparing to leave this place and not return, a snide remark to make the man back away seemed like the most effective way to dispose of his unwanted attention. If he did as he was told, Sherlock might not even make a complaint about him to Mycroft afterwards.
As luck would have it, Mycroft was spared a trip all the way to Appledore to meet with Charles Magnussen. The man was having his dinner at The Delauney and despite being initially stopped at the door by the maître’d, Mycroft’s card given to a waiter resulted in him being shown to the private dining room where the media mogul was sitting with a group of ten other people, enjoying a luxurious meal.
As he now tried to recover, blinking into the darkness that surrounded him, he felt something restricting his movements beyond the mere physical ache of his body.
He had no idea who could have sent it to him and initially he hadn’t cared to read it, far too busy wallowing in his own misery.
“And not even once did you consider informing me that you all along were playing a different game than I was? I did talk to you just an hour before I went to his house after all...”
He could feel his hand pulsating with actual pain and could imagine how the venom made its way through his veins like gasoline on fire, ruthless and brutal in its path, no stopping it once ignited.
Mycroft actually seemed taken aback by this, but at least he had dropped his suspicious questioning momentarily. A surprised Mycroft was infinitely better than a Mycroft full of misgivings and reasons to worry. Taking advantage of his brother's lapse of control, Sherlock swiftly reached for the doorknob once more and threw the door open with full force.
Mycroft was the one who decided to speak eventually, the natural taker of control of every situation and as he turned his eyes to look at his little brother there was a hint of disappointment in them, flashing behind the perpetual coldness.
He kept all his secrets and blackmailing material in some sort of vault that only he had the ability to gain access to. Both Sherlock as well as Mycroft had tried it a few times but all their efforts had been unsuccessful so far.
The beginning of the assault had gone fairly straight-forward and been to his advantage. Sherlock was far nimbler and several pounds lighter than his attacker, not to mention at least fifteen years younger. He also knew how to throw a punch as well as dancing around his assailant to avoid the ones he was trying to deliver.
Cunning and mean-spirited but sometimes dumb as a doorknob, never fully comprehending at what level this game was being conducted. He thought everything had to do with Sherlock and wasn’t interested in anything else. But those missile plans had been about so much more.
Magnussen tilted his head slightly when looking at him, regarding him through his glasses as if looking at something infinitely peculiar.
Obediently and rather eagerly, Sherlock did as he was told, releasing his grip and walking over to the only wall that still looked as if it was holding up the rest of the place, giving John a good opportunity to watch the body he had so greatly missed, moving with the usual elegance that came with it, as always dressed in a figure-hugging dark suit that Sherlock surely knew put his best assets on display.
So it’s either going to the Diogenes or showing up at Mycroft’s house and John infinitely thinks the former to be his best option, at least there will be witnesses if Mycroft for some reason decides that John needs to stop asking questions.
When Victor initially approached him, he became curious of why Victor showed such an obsessive interest in me, so he did a little research and as he soon realised that I was Mycroft Holmes’s younger brother it turned into an opportunity too good to overlook.
That is the other thing about Mycroft that John does not particularly care for. He is not afraid of him per se, but at the same time, John isn’t stupid enough not to recognise what a man like Sherlock’s brother could actually do to you if he felt inclined.  And the glimmer in his eyes normally sending arctic temperatures to the person on the receiving end of his stare is a clear indicator that it would not be a hardship to do away with those who he wishes to get rid of.
“But I....” John cut himself off immediately because what he had been about to say could never be expressed in front of Mycroft. Instead he backtracked and tried again. “The track marks on his arms are old.”
He stepped forward until he reached the poker. Then he bent down to pick it up, looking at it with curiosity.
Even when I saw the damage my words were causing you, I just marched on because I thought it was for the best if you left. And logically it still is, you should have no further part in my problematic situation, you deserve something better. But selfish as I am, I also realised that I missed you tremendously despite my best efforts trying to bury those feelings.
His hand scrunched the letter into a ball that fell to the floor, along with the framed photograph as he rose from the sofa, suddenly no longer weighed down by anguish and despair but instead incandescent with rage, his eyes flaming furiously as he retrieved his wine glass to smash it with all his might against the wall.
And yet, he could feel his heartbeat pick up as he stopped and stared straight ahead, that firm pressure of a muzzle being pushed against his back while he tried to not make a move that would aggravate the other man into using the trigger.
But where there had yesterday been a clear red swollen mark was now nothing beyond a long pale neck. Not so much as a birth mark in sight.
Still no reply and he couldn’t discern if that was telling or if Sherlock actually had his thoughts on something else. With Sherlock one never truly knew.
“I don’t really care how you communicate with each other, one stuffy bore to another, but he's hardly going to display what he truly feels, is he?” Sherlock objected.
The mention of intel could certainly imply that Mycroft’s issue might perhaps be staff-related, but why this unorthodox behaviour?
“What?! Lunch? Why does he want that?” John disrupted, his voice with a hint of suspicion in it now.
As he had almost reached the door, his hand moving towards the handle, he heard the sound of a chair being pushed behind his back and the steady steps of Magnussen approaching from behind made him release the pent-up tension that had been building up inside of him.
Not that Mycroft was a man easily targeted. People who had previously tried did not usually live to tell the tale.
He seated himself comfortably into the armchair and crossed one leg over the other as he contemplated the room’s other occupant seated behind the desk.
He felt a sensation against the hand where the snake had bitten him and suddenly it felt like his arm loosened up, as if the restraints were no longer holding him stretched out.
If Mycroft had gone ahead with ridding himself of Victor, if only for the satisfaction of seeing his brother liberated from his fiancé’s smothering clutches, Magnussen would immediately have been able to discern Mycroft’s fingerprints all over that incident.
“...it happened quickly. Just straight through the head. He never even felt any pain, so there is some comfort in that...”
He had no true desire to spend any more time than strictly necessary with a man like Magnussen, and to cause a scene like this, more or less bursting into private gathering of people, was not within his comfort zone at all.
Dr Watson thrived on danger almost as much as Sherlock did, albeit for different reasons, and a good old-fashioned impromptu visit to a real criminal’s lair was likely a huge temptation for a man with his inclinations. But still, even if the good doctor sometimes seemed to be a masochist when persistently remaining by Sherlock’s side, he was also a proud man and the question was if this last incident of being drugged had perhaps been the final straw regarding his patience.
They stared at each other in silence for a second, Sherlock’s eyes glittering in anticipation, his own with mischief.
That voice had sounded so real and something must have caused him to wake up from his heavy slumber. Could a dream really create such a lasting after-effect?
Resigned to the knowledge that he was going to be monitoring his brother for the rest of his life had long ago cemented itself within him and despite Sherlock positively hating that sort of overwhelming control, Mycroft was glad he had that option available.
John walked up to him and shook the extended hand as if to seal their agreement, looking nothing but composed while secretly trying to supress the feeling of unease beginning to unfurl inside his abdomen.
“I thought I told you yesterday that I am the one in charge of this operation now. There was no need for you to come stomping all the way over here just because John couldn’t reach me for a few hours. That situation is hardly a novelty.”
He did his best not to dig deeper into those feelings as it could only lead to misery in the end and when he was with Sherlock, had his agile body pressed against his own, when he buried his cock inside of him, had his tongue trailing patterns across that pale smooth skin, staring into those eyes that seemed to change colour according to light or kissed his luscious lips, it was easy to just enjoy the moment, give himself into what he had right now and not think of the consequences.
“There’s a problem to your suggestion,” Victor said and the firm grip around John’s neck was released as doubt now had been replaced with resignation in his voice when he spoke. “Sherlock hasn’t been available for me to talk to since we parted from Mr Magnussen’s dinner party last Saturday. Mycroft says he’s feeling unwell and who, if not his trusted doctor, would know what that is all about? So naturally you would be my first source of information. There is something odd about the whole thing and that’s not the first strange thing that has happened since you decided to step into our lives.”
But as his assistant had failed to inform him of any further details regarding Magnussen’s whereabouts, merely giving him an address where the man was currently residing, he had not reflected on the risk of making a nuisance of himself until the doors to the private dining room had been opened and he had faced his own negligence.
He wasn’t completely sure but he had the feeling that he might be slipping in and out of consciousness a well now, only to be jolted back to reality by the pain that felt like fire licking him from the inside. But to scream was proving too much of a strain so even if his body instinctively had wished to do so, it was like Dr Roylott had pointed out earlier, he was no longer able to make any sounds.
No camera feeds, no appearances at airports or docks, no mysterious vehicles moving about that would catch attention. Nothing but a completely empty flat where Mr Marcus used to live, devoid of anything that could give them any clues.
" I know this man far better than you do and this is simply the easiest and less dangerous way of achieving what we want. It is, as you say, so impish that he won’t see it coming. So far, I don’t think he even knows that I consider him a threat. We met just the other week and there was nothing but the usual polite cordiality between us. He is otherwise known for expressing his intentions rather directly.”
When he had done what he had set out to do, John figured that he could perhaps talk to Mycroft about sparing Victor from a death sentence, but for now he had other things to occupy his time and as the letter was disposed of, Victor Trevor was no longer the focus of his attention as the time for his meeting with Magnussen began to engage his thoughts instead.
Or was John inner lust ridden demons playing tricks on him, making him read signs into the situation that were not actually there?
The memory of Sherlock emerging from the bathroom, all wet and steamy makes John recollect that morning when Mycroft came to the flat to tell John about the abduction and he himself had been standing wrapped in his bathrobe, still damp from his morning shower.
Sherlock stared at him for a second, his rebellious side clearly wishing to fight back and retaliate in the most snarky manner possible, just seize the moment by reaching for the riding crop and eviscerate the man in front of him with a scathing remark to regain control.
He had once asked if John couldn’t make a list of the things that was undesirable when being in a relationship, he had even intended to actually to give it glance to see if it would be utterly preposterous or actually doable, but John had only replied that if he ever got started penning down such a list, he would still be at it come Christmas.
When I’m married to Victor, Mycroft will no longer be held under any obligation to do Magnussen’s bidding and the missile plans will be returned to Victor. He will keep them as a guarantee that I won’t divorce him, but Magnussen will be off our backs at least. He is a terrible presence in our lives but luckily a fleeting one.
“No reason to worry about it, that particular scenario won’t happen again. Besides, my brother will be watching me like a hawk, so I won’t be able to make any break-ins for a while anyway.”
Sherlock continued to look at John while Mycroft kept talking, something uneasy unfurling inside of him as he realised that there anger in John's eyes were a reality now.
The woman was already waiting inside, having left the door open for him to enter, so he silently slipped in and made himself comfortable on the leather seat beside her as the car was set in motion.
That was one very strong aspect of this situation and if it actually came to that, he didn't know how to survive it.
Considering that he had almost never seen the older Holmes brother display anything resembling human feelings, it was disconcerting to see now even if the situation certainly explained it, and with the added detail of what he wore, it felt like John had stumbled straight into something he should not be allowed to see.
Outwardly Magnussen looked like he usually did, a good suit, nothing too flashy but rather clean Scandinavian lines of a high-quality cut, the thin hair meticulously combed back, beard trimmed. His usual armour of appearance.
“Yes, you try that, Pemberton. But look without touching I’d say; not sure Holmes would appreciate your dirty hands on his pretty little brother.”
Right now it seemed likely that all of John Watson’s further actions would be tainted by mounting anger towards Sherlock, instead of trying to help locate him.
But as he  had begun to consider the situation more closely he had realised that he wasn’t as averse to the idea of something more than just friendship and once coming to this conclusion, it had been very easy to make up his mind and do something  about it, as John was clearly not going to be the one taking the first step.
John was most likely still soundly asleep back home and Mycroft was no longer a part of his investigation. Not even Magnussen was here, and even if Sherlock had initially been happy about this state, the other man would arguably have been a buffer to whatever mad man ramblings this person was all about.
There is something almost intimate about the gesture while at the same time nothing but a finger’s touch to another person’s radius point. A brother to boot, siblings are allowed signs of affection between them after all, without it being in any way suspicious.
He stepped over to the end of the bed, reached the stick out and effortlessly captured the snake by the noose and swiftly put it in the burlap sack. It was the movement of someone used to handling the snake, effortlessly and in full control.
The thought had not crossed him back then, naturally, as he had not been aware of the surveillance of the living room yet, but now it seems plausible that someone with Mycroft’s obsession with information and surveillance would not have settled for only
“Oh, you have no idea how much I’ve invested for this wedding to happen and Sherlock is certainly the biggest part of it. As my fiancé, he is mine to look after and when I see a situation that I think appears suspicious I would do anything in my power to get to the bottom of it. Which brings me back to the reason why we are standing out here in the middle of the night.”
It was pointless to regret actions he could not do undone, but in this situation he could recognise that it wasn’t the snake bite alone that caused an uncomfortable stinging sensation inside of him.
Getting John a position there as well had not been a possibility as the vetting process took years, but Stamford had helpfully told him to apply for other more manual assignments at the same facility in the meantime, just to get started. Mr Holmes was always looking for suitable recruitments and a week later John had found himself sitting across a balding man called Caruthers, repeating everything Stamford had told him to say, ending the meeting by signing the dotted line of his employment contract before he went back to the bedsit, packed his meagre belongings in a bag and moved into the barrack where he now lived.
Sherlock was surprisingly wiry despite his slenderness, his pectorals as well as his arms displayed some hint of muscle and the abdominal area was very lean and slender. He was probably stronger than how he appeared with his clothes on. Or perhaps John had focused too much on the bottom part of the body earlier to really notice the rest.
“Not for me to say, Watson. Just get a move on, I’ve wasted a good twenty minutes looking for you already, I’m not about to waste another ten by explaining things that you will soon have the answer too anyway.”
It had naturally been tempting to make him disappear. Mycroft had many times fantasized about doing just that as he had the means to pull it off if he wanted to, but the problem of Magnussen still remained, and that man was a whole other level of difficulty.
“I hear dear Sherlock is feeling unwell, whatever is the matter with him? Victor is quite upset about his inability to see his fiancé…” Magnussen had smoothly said and Mycroft had given him the same kind of vague answer that he had offered Victor, knowing full well that Magnussen had the wits about him to know that Mycroft was hiding something and would put his focus on figuring out what it could be.
“Why ever not? Are you keeping some skeletons on display in one of your many rooms? I thought you never left any evidence of your affairs out in the open, considering how many times I have stressed the importance of never leaving a trail to be abused by others.”
He wondered if Mycroft would point that out later, but for now he wasn’t willing to risk Sherlock’s trust by being too meticulous in his reports.
A strong urge to rip that cigarette out of Sherlock’s hand as well as disrobing him from that silky dressing gown hit John forcefully and he had to actually control himself so his features didn’t give him away.
“Impressive if that should prove to be the case, and you are certainly right regarding such an invitation improving our chances of success. But a very poignant question remains despite of these new developments...”
She had also said that it was his employer that wanted to see him and he furrowed his brow as he contemplated that statement.
“Really?” Magnussen shot him a sceptical look, because who did Mycroft imagine that he was trying to fool? His brother was clearly suffering from drug withdrawal or the aftermath from a drug overdose or something else related to narcotics. It was hardly the Dengue fever.
The fact that Jeremy Marcus was last in contact with a member of the surveillance team an hour before Sherlock’s departure from Baker Street means that the abduction could have taken place anytime during the evening or later still.
His downfall had come on account of a very unexpected turn of events, unavoidable as it had taken him by huge surprise and made him lose his footing sufficiently for Dr Roylott to be able to kick him in the shin, making him lose his balance and stumble. From then on forward it had been more or less a downward spiral to his current state.
As he walked through the house towards the exit he assumed Mycroft was somewhere in one of the many rooms he passed by, but he didn’t come out to talk to him and John did not go searching for him either.
As the door had closed behind Mr Rudd the remaining man gave John a complacent smile that did not reach his eyes, giving him a smarmy appearance that immediately put John on edge.
Having experienced Victor quite intensely today he knew full well that his so-called brother in law would hunt for a perceived enemy until he succeeded in catching and destroying that person.
The hint of a smile played on Sherlock’s lips as well now and he tilted his head a little to the side in mock amazement.
Like the constant lack of milk in the house and who needed it for what purpose, the “clutter” as John chose to referr to Sherlock’s very important things that was lying about all over the flat, the rules of what to preserve in the fridge and how such things should be labelled when considered unhygienic or even straight out hazardous, John’s insistence of watching every stupid show ever made on the telly when he could be listening to Sherlock talk, practise the violin  or simply sitting there, waiting for a case, keeping Sherlock company in silence, suffering through the boredom of the lack of work to do.
They had broken apart at the sound of Lestrades approaching steps and sort of ended up further from each other than strictly necessary, just out of some silly act of decorum.
Weak in his obsession, irrational, needy, allowing his feelings to govern his judgement and generally a difficult man to tolerate even in very small doses. There was something a bit unhinged about him that probably hadn’t been there to begin with, but life must have treated him in a way that had caused the young man to lose his footing of reality a little bit.
“He has made several suggestions that he knows something is going on between us. Not to mention the fact that he pointed a gun at me…”
“I have the honour of a second guest here this evening. No introductions necessary I presume. I believe you know each other quite vividly,” Magnussen’s voice was heard in the background as John stared with widened yes of horror at the sight in front of him.
Those who want to see a different take on the final ending are free to read this epilogue but be aware that it won't be a "happily ever after" kind of thing. The choice is up to you.
Nothing in his face showed any signs of sentiment, he spoke very factually about it all, but there was nonetheless a tone of something indiscernible when he said those last words, a hint of sadness to them.
“He must’ve have broken down the barrier,” John whispered just as Mycroft took advantage of his loss of concentration, grabbed a firm hold of his brother while he pushed John away from him.
“Just insurance, if he ever decides to meddle in our affairs again. With access to his vault we got what we came for and those missile plans are now back where they belong. We also found some additional interesting material that he has been using against others, naturally we confiscated those as well. He now has nothing on anyone as far as we know. The compromising photos are my way of making sure that he will be staying as far away as possible from myself as well as of my brother. Those and some other chosen data that we managed to confiscate from that vault of his…”
“Clearly. What I do, to put it bluntly, is that I deal with information in various capacities, from the news you see on tv or in the papers, to the gossip you might read online or hear about around the water cooler at work, but also the more personal information that every individual carries with them, things that they might not always be so willing to share with others because it would risk changing people’s opinion of them. And don’t we all have that dirty little secret that we wouldn’t share with just anyone, more likely just keep it to ourselves and pretend that it never happened. But there are advantages to be made from digging up these secrets, both to the provider of the information as well as the distributor. In this case that would be me. “
His mind was clearly churning over the piece of information John had offered him and that had rendered him defenceless for a second, almost vulnerable instead. To take the gun out of his hands now would have been child’s play, to simply clock him a hard one straight to the chin even easier.
“Before your arrival here, my intel was informative enough to show me a very interesting clip caught on CCTV where you are seen running half-dressed just a street away from Magnussen’s residence less than an hour ago. A quick check at the other cameras in the area showed you entering his flat half an hour earlier and Magnussen himself arriving some twenty minutes after, rather eagerly getting out of his car. And once again, this begs the question: what
“There is no magic to it, I just stop by to take his pulse twice a week, maybe he just stopped trying to annoy his brother...” he began but was immediately interrupted.
“It’s rather extreme, considering the kind of man Magnussen is. It’s frankly well beyond keen. Almost desperate. No change that, it’s most certainly desperate.”
With growing bitterness, John heard Victor’s words continue in the background as he drank heavily from his glass and looked at Sherlock’s motionless features across the table.
. Your body is positively trembling with pent-up anger right now, so it wasn’t a particularly difficult conclusion.”
John realised that the moment of trying to deduce anything further was sadly gone, he didn’t see the significance of his discovery, in the end it was only a fire poker with a slightly strange form leaning against the wall, it was hardly the strangest thing in the room, or even particularly strange at all.
As a child Mycroft used to dream of wanting to hide Sherlock away somewhere to prevent others from taking pieces of him, to take him away from his brother. This is as close to that dream as he has ever come, and only because it became a necessity .
He was tired of listening to Magnussen, tired of his voice, his superior manner, the way he talked about everyone as if being chess pieces on a board he was in charge of.
The wielding of a gun could very easily just turn into a deadlock and since he didn’t yet know if time was of essence here, if perhaps Sherlock was held somewhere that was making it important to finding him before something truly terrible happened, John wasn’t sure he could risk a deadlock right now.
He had recently insisted on walking back to work on his own instead of being driven, simply because he didn’t want Mycroft’s chauffeur to tell his boss how long he stayed with Sherlock during his visits.
He can control certain members of Government because he has gotten hold of some scandalous piece of gossip that he uses to blackmail them into doing his bidding. It’s a well-kept secret unknown to most people but common knowledge to those who know about these things. Like my brother for example.
Not willing to press the matter further so as not to spook his emotionally-stumped flatmate, John had tried to reign in his more obvious desires by acting as normal as possible, focusing a bit more on his work to give them both some space, and simply behaving like the friend he, at the end of the day, still was.
“As I am well aware, brother dear. But Magnussen is a very cold-tempered man, not inclined to show any obvious displays of affection in public and most likely not when meeting someone for the first time.”
“I know everything there is to know about you.....” the voice replied from the darkness behind his back.
“No need to be that polite about it. I have Mycroft Holmes as my soon-to-be brother in law who has a fondness for digging up everything there is to know about a person and the rest I take some particular pride in finding out on my own. Which brings me to the very reason for my nightly visit. I have some questions that I would like you to answer for me.”
It was indeed tempting to keep him like this for a little bit longer, submissive to John’s unyielding hold, but after a last lingering moment of deadlock, he released his grip and took a few steps back while Sherlock straightened himself up and nursed his sore arm, scolding.
“You have the right to terminate our arrangement of course, as I stated when we agreed on it in the first place. But I have to confess that I am slightly disappointed that you’re throwing in the towel this late into the game. Think of the advantages, stick it out for the remaining time and you’ll have a whole new career to look forward to. I’m even willing to increase your salary to sweeten the prospect, as I’m well aware of some feathers having been ruffled on account of my brother’s latest behaviour.....”
John sighed and decided that it would be for the best if he put this particular detail straight as it clearly seemed to cause Sherlock some concern that his brother was privy to everything being said between them. Because that would not be case as far as John was concerned.
Magnussen made a dismissive gesture with his hand in John direction, now having turned his eyes to look at Sherlock instead, giving him his full attention, devouring him with a hungry gaze.
“You really are a tease; do you know that?” John said and the hint of a smile fleetingly crossed Sherlock’s features as he cast John a look over his shoulder before he leaned his arms against the wall and spread his legs.
Just as he had managed to get the phone out of his pocket, the young man suddenly tensed his whole upper body, shooting it up like a bow, his hands clawing at the throat as if to indicate that he was about to suffocate and John hurriedly dialled the familiar number he hadn’t used for years but still felt was ingrained in his backbone.
make sense in a very roundabout twisted way. He never truly forgave himself for his part in Sherlock’s downfall.”
This time, the situation was different though and he became aware of this even before reaching the bed, noticing the faint smell of disinfectant trying to hide the underlying odour of actual vomit as he entered, his nose twitching in displeasure.
Luckily she didn’t seem like she was going to break just yet and John wondered if he should ask for the conclusion of the story or just remain quiet and ignore the whole situation, uncertain of what would make her snap out of it most quickly.
Because a plan concocted while hight on a mix of cocaine and morphine might seem like a really good one in theory, the fact that you’re still influenced by a drug that will eventually cause you to come down with a crash meant that the plans were by the early morning hours the furthest  thing from my mind and remained so until late afternoon the next day when I realised that I must have misplaced them and was now unable to figure out where.
As if realising that John wasn’t going to yield, Magnussen put his glass away and turned his chair to the side so he could look out the window instead, the nightline of London giving him a spectacular view.
As he opened his eyes again, jus to make sure that he still could and hadn’t passed on to a more permanently comatose state, he, to his huge surprise saw John suddenly standing over him, worry across his features.
“Mycroft?” he mumbled, still groggy, and if Mycroft’s deduction was correct, he was clearly affected by whatever Sherlock must have given him to cause such deep sleep.
“Yes, let’s indeed hope so, as he has a wedding to attend and a worried fiancé to take care of. Might I suggest that Victor will be granted the right to visit as well? I’m sure it would be beneficial for you as well as for me to not have him calling incessantly at all hours until he gets his way. And as Sherlock is only lying here anyway...”
“I think that is the only way we can actually deal with him. He is too unstable, and he knows too much about everything. If continued to be left to his own devices, it would be like leaving a ticking bomb unattended. He is beyond redemption. Even prison would be too uncertain, even if we did manage to pin something on him. Mycroft will make him disappear instead, no questions asked.”
Shaking his head to rid himself of the quite idiotic blathering that he has no use of right now, he walks further away from the surveillance room, going down the hall.
Not that he has ever particularly warmed up to the man who is Sherlock’s older and occasionally wiser brother. Mycroft’s personality tends to grate on John’s nerves, a feeling he is sure is fully reciprocated. They have learned to tolerate each other for Sherlock’s sake but there is nothing beyond tolerance and a half-hearted attempt at politeness.
Then with a deep shudder followed by a loud filthy moan Sherlock came, hot sticky semen squirting down John’s throat that he tried his best to swallow as it came, although some of it trickled down the corners of his mouth.
“Shame that this apparently backfired, I was really interested in hearing your opinion of it. Are you sure you’re not interested in trying it out? A bit later perhaps?”
As seen by others but at first not acknowledged by themselves, feelings of the more lovelorn variety had soon started to develop between them, first by Doctor Watson, despite vocally claiming that he wasn’t gay and trying to date a whole string of women as if to prove that very point. The pining in the man’s eyes had been quite stomach-churning to observe during those first few weeks before Sherlock caught up with reality and found that he actually harboured some warmer feelings for his flatmate as well and they had embarked on a relationship that felt as foolish as it was fragile, lined with misunderstandings and cautious attempts at reedifying their relationship from friends to lovers when one had been a closet homosexual all of his life and the other had the emotional depths of a paper bag.
Then Magnussen sighed and gave Sherlock a long evaluating look, rationalising that his guest at least would not be able to go anywhere while he left to sign the delivery.
“Considering that you were likely to meet with the same fate, brother mine, I’m surprised that you would even consider pursuing this matter any further. Leave it to the professionals to deal with and thank your blessings that you managed to escape such a gruesome outcome.”
A part of John felt very angry that the whole situation he had been put through on the night after Magnussen’s party had been nothing but a ploy, some idiotic scheme created to push him away in the most cruel way possible.
“By spreading the news that I have suffered another overdose, this time ending me in a coma and have been removed to a private clinic. That will keep the wolves at bay at least for as much time that we need to finish this. If we fail, well, then it won’t matter anymore.”
It felt like all those intricate slots that needed to be slid into place were now fitting into the desired pattern and there could finally be something more than just a glimmer of hope.
Mycroft had always claimed that he was too impatient, and perhaps he was, even in this situation, preferring his death to come quickly instead of lingering agonisingly slow at the cusp of it.
“Conducting business, nothing exciting at all. I’m sure it’s not even close to the things he gets up to with other associates. But I agree that it would be wise to pay him a visit if you think your brother has decided to go off with him in his car. I much prefer Sherlock to play with
“It didn’t start out that way and I certainly didn’t go there with the intention to deceive anyone. I was still his doctor!”
But Sherlock was an unpredictable creature and occasionally it did happen that he went searching for Mycroft when he wanted something or if he was up to his usual trickery and manipulations.
Magnussen wasn’t a killer, not by his own hands anyway, but torturing someone enough to bring them to the end of their sanity was an especially delightful little enjoyment that he allowed his otherwise cold and collected personality to indulge in.
“You won’t be able to figure it out you know, but your theory about the wasp sting was a pretty good one, so you’re not as incompetent as many of your predecessors,” he said and John’s eyebrows shot up. Was that supposed to be a compliment wrapped in an insult or vice versa?
Mycroft frowned in frustrations as he turned his eyes away and speared a Brussel sprout with his fork, angrily jamming it into his mouth.
“We can do the examination in here. Not that you’ll find anything beyond a perfectly healthy man of 27 but I guess you still have to write that report to Mycroft so we might just as well get on with it.”
He could still see the thing that had caught him off guard and made him lose his focus on his attacker.
Besides, Sherlock had told him to leave and considering the state of his dishevelled appearance and the dining room reeking of sex, sweat and bodily fluids it was best if he managed to sneak out unseen.
John stepped even closer and their eyes met, both stubbornly sure of their own right in this matter, Sherlock even going so far as to throw in some arrogance. But John was not willing to yield.
He eats the sandwich that has been left on a plate for him while he leaves the surveillance room to clear his head.
There was blood still coming from both his wounds and it had caused stains on the floor as well as on his clothes and hands when they had pressed against the wounds to prevent the bleeding. He had even managed to pull his jacket around the first wound to put some pressure a on it. But it wasn’t the blood that made John freeze as he stared down at the scene in front of him.
He felt himself buckle up against the movement of Sherlock’s fingers very skilfully running up and down his member while the other one hand was squeezing his testicles with enough pressure to send a pooling desire from John’s abdomen towards his more intimate regions, accompanied with an undignified moan that slipped  his mouth despite the struggle to not lose control.
The next morning when he woke, Sherlock was gone. His laptop as well as the microscope, still with a slide inside it, remained where he had left them, as if he had only left for a moment, but John could deduce from a number of other signs in the room that Sherlock had not been there for at least a couple of hours. Perhaps he had left as soon as John had fallen asleep.
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” he whispered, his hands fisting the collar of the black coat Sherlock wore, for a second almost angry for being kept in the dark from all of this.
The remains of human bone as well as a few teeth had also been discovered in various areas around the premises and a theory that Dr Roy had fed his animals with his victims to rid himself of the evidence of their bodies was currently a popular opinion even if nothing was yet fully concluded.
And as if reading his thoughts, Magnussen made a circular move so he came in front of the sofa and then, as predicted, he climbed upon it to get better access and gain some leverage.
Besides, Mycroft was only there to catch the attention of one particular person and as that person was not at the moment present, Mycroft decided to patiently await his arrival and enjoy the event as far as it was actually possible to do so.
“The reason why you’re here, Mr Holmes, is because I have come to realise that nothing but a proper threat will keep your nose out of my affairs.”
“Hey, love, miss me?” he said and planted a kiss on Sherlock’s pale cheek before heading to the kitchen to unpack the bags.
“Eagerly looking forward to what it is you’re going to show me. Considering the nature of our victim, it is bound to riveting.”
“I can’t tell you everything, certainly not tonight while we’re here. These walls have ears as well as eyes so just keep your mouth shut, hold your distance and hear me out because I will only say this once -  since you seem insistent to put yourself into a situation I would have preferred to keep you out of, the next time we meet, if you decide that you still want to meet that is, I’ll try to explain the situation a little better and then you will hopefully see why it’s essential that you stay as far away from it all as you possibly can. For now, you go act your part as my perfectly friendly and platonic doctor and stop looking like you want to stab a knife through Victor’s heart every time he gives me a kiss or touches me. He is entitled after all to do those things, he is the one I’m marrying.”
Agile and bendy he had done things to his body that John had previously only seen on porn sites during lonesome evenings out in the Afghan desert when he had tapped away at his computer to stave off the most urgent feeling of sexual frustration.
Besides, if Sherlock had been called away on a case for Scotland Yard, John would have been invited as well. The invitations from Lestrade was always extended to him these days, especially now that people seemed to realise that he and Sherlock were a couple and came as a pair, not only as the expert and his trustworthy fanboy sidekick.
By now, Magnussen must have heard something about it and is most likely looking for the right opportunity to approach what he thinks is going to be a very nettled ex-lover.”
So instead of replying, Sherlock remained calmly looking at the increasingly aggressive  doctor, waiting for the actual threat to come. Most likely involving that poker he was making a point of showcasing so openly.
That had been a mistake. He had known it all along, before, during and after the wedding. There was so much regret attached to that memory that it made it difficult to revisit. He seldom did, because what was done was done and he couldn’t change it anyway.
As he poured himself another helping of whiskey, he wondered how Victor would react when realising that Sherlock might have managed to slip his net.
“And why is that? You’re hired to tend to him twice a week, what has prevented you from performing your duties all of a sudden? You’ve been practically glued to him ever since Mycroft hired you.”
Mercurial and stubborn and marching to no one else’s drum but his own, that wayward little brother of his.
“We have a little bit of spare time on our hands I believe,” he said and let his eyes meet Sherlock’s, a suggestive tone in his voice. During the Magnussen case it had felt as if his time with Sherlock had been somehow shared with Magnussen, but as that obstacle was now removed, maybe he could get his flatmate’s full attention back again.
Magnussen’s mouth twitched into a grin, his eyes glistening behind the spectacles, like slits of dark amusement when they for a second switched back to look at John.
“Considering that what I tell you goes into a report that will later be read by my brother I don’t think that I am going to tell you. There is a possibility that he has figured it out himself by now but if not, I’m not helping him out with any further details. So, sorry doctor, you will have to settle with the knowledge that I’m not allergic to bees or wasps. If I was, he would not had made his point by bringing that jar. He would never openly try to kill me you know. Too many witnesses to deal with afterwards.”
His eyes widened as he caught sight of the cheetah and he had to check twice before realising that it wasn’t a living specimen. It was very eerie looking and made him feel uncomfortable, staring into those yellow glass eyes. What kind of a macabre ramshackle of a house was this anyway?
It wasn’t likely, they had been very thorough,  Mycroft particularly meticulous this time when making the arrangements, but better safe than sorry. Even if Sherlock hated the idea of being restricted to this place, he realised the necessity of it. And it wasn’t that much of a stretch to being confined to his brothers house every other day.
It was somewhat satisfying to notice that other people could also be rendered speechless by unexpected events, because Victor was clearly lost inside his own head at the moment and had lost his momentum.
He was something completely different. He seemed like an actual challenge if Sherlock’s instinct was to be relied on, and he was seldom wrong when it came to such matters.
“On the other hand, drugging you would suggest Magnussen’s involvement, knowing your dislike of the man and my little brother’s preference of dodging difficult issues rather facing them.”
What annoyed him the most was the feeling of worry attempting to seep into his anger, as if he should waste his time worrying about a person who had betrayed him in the most deceitful way possible. Sherlock had bloody
Mycroft rose from his bed and went over to the window where dark clouds were implementing the feeling of doom that lay over the place, accompanied by thunder that was much closer than he had predicted. Suddenly lightning flashed across the early morning sky and the ominous rumbling followed shortly after.
“Well, it is actually of a somewhat delicate nature and one I’m not sure is suited to handle over the phone. It involves your patient, Sherlock, and I was wondering if you would be amenable to meet me tomorrow evening, at my office. Say, around seven o’clock?”
“....I never....imagined…I mean, he came highly recommended and was vetted like all the others.....” he murmurs and John has to put all his efforts into not shaking him despite his earlier decision to remain calm. One of them has to keep a cool head and as surprising as that sounds, it seems like it’s going to be him.
Naturally unconcerned about this particular detail of his narrative, Sherlock continued with his story.
Stamford no longer worked in medicine but unlike John, his career had developed into a new direction and he now employed a position in a research facility owned by the government that involved some very classified projects run by a man named Mycroft Holmes – a person so obscure that there was no telling what he actually did for a living.
“Don’t be ridiculous! I am not willing to endure another second standing here listening to two supposedly grown men argue like inane schoolboys. You need to calm down, Dr Watson, get a hold of yourself. These outbursts are completely pointless and serves no purpose to what we are here to do.”
Then he brought out a pair of cufflinks, pulled the belt through them before hoisting the loop loop over a chain ornament hanging from the ceiling, low enough for him to reach if climbing the back of a sofa. Observing it the other night had brought this idea to his mind last night when contemplating how to proceed with Magnussen. He had actually touched upon the notion that this very peculiar design was something that unintentionally reflected Magnussen’s sexual kinks in a discreet and probably very expensive way without giving that clue away to those who didn’t know what to look for.
“Maybe you should concentrate on things that you are familiar with instead of venturing off on topics you haven’t the faintest idea of,” he muttered and pushed a terrine of smoked salmon and steamed vegetables towards Mycroft. “You know what our mother used to say: “If your words doesn’t improve the state of silence, shut your mouth and stay quiet.”
“Let’s go inside and I’ll fill you in.” And without waiting for a proper invitation, Magnussen stepped past Dr Roylott and disappeared inside, not bothering to see if the others were coming as well.
“I’ve been meaning to ask, how is my brother faring health wise? Your recent reports have been surprisingly sparse as of late.”
Sherlock took his time to calm himself down, neatly tying his shoelaces before rising from his position and turning to face his intruder, a snide remark ready to escape his lips.
“I never even got the chance, did I...” he whispered, before he straightened his shoulders and turned his back on that unspoken vow he never got the opportunity to fulfil.
He had long ago realised that none of this might actually be achievable with Sherlock but did that mean he had to accept everything being in a constant turmoil in their life?
The one to finally terminate the stale mate was Mycroft who broke eye contact by nodding towards the stranger.
But John Watson still clearly needed the reassurance to know that everything was fine, which was probably based on some pitiable affection for the man who had brought him into this mess in the first place.
That moment, seeing a person break in front of his eyes, was the best part of what drew him to play this game in the first place, and the more difficult person to break, the greater joy when finally succeeding.
Despite the fragile uncertainty of this new situation he felt warmth spread through his abdomen as he looked into Sherlock’s changeable eyes despite the nagging suspicion that this was indeed going to end up badly. For both of them probably.
This was the first time John had witnessed the older Holmes brother bluntly dictate terms with Magnussen, otherwise always going for polite chilly smoothness to run its course even when disagreeing.
Mycroft refrained from pinching the bridge of his nose while he gave his driver the order to take them to Baker Street. This felt like the beginning of something that had already been quite a terrible evening.
The idea of someone else enjoying what he had began to consider as his had been an unpleasant reminder that
And as this idea crossed his mind for the millionth time he knew that the answer wasn’t going to change, however much he wished to hang onto his anger instead of facing the humiliation of trying to rescue a man that had deceived him, as well as lied to his face.
He switched his attention back to the scene on the bed and turned Magnussen around to check his vitals as well, even if subconsciously knowing what he was going to find.
Mycroft despaired of course but he wasn’t the controlling overbearing watchdog he is today, he didn’t have the resources nor the power to control my every move back then, but he executed his right as the older, and in his eyes, wiser sibling and was constantly on my back about my reckless ways and wanted me to break it off with Victor, get my act together and focus on my studies instead.
John refused to acknowledge that question, so he stubbornly didn’t respond. Instead he chose to put an end to the conversation before it ran the risk of turning ugly. Mycroft was clearly not interested in hearing him out regarding Victor and John was not willing to explain his relationship status with Sherlock any further, so they had reached an impasse.
And at the sight splayed out in front of him on the silky white sheets, the last vestiges of his resolve flew out the window along with any lingering doubt he had about the appropriateness of these actions and as he reached down to allow his hands to wander the gorgeous naked body trapped between his thighs he could think of nothing else but to have this man right here and fuck them both into oblivion.
The thought of Magnussen reminded him of the rollercoaster of feelings he had been through during the course of the evening. They seemed petty in the shadow of this new situation where he wasn’t sure Sherlock would even survive, but eventually, if he did, they would resurface again. And the question was what he was supposed to do about them.
Considering how distorted that face had been earlier, full of ramping rage, it was surprising that the man knew how to look serene, but assumingly he was satisfied with his accomplishments and relished the feeling.
Seldom had he met a person so possessive of another human being and that Sherlock had once loved this man, however naively, was astonishing to consider.
For all they knew, Sherlock could very well be at home again right now, lounging about in the living room, probably wondering a little bit about John’s absence, but just as likely not even paying too much attention if he was there or not.
So if Sherlock wanted access to it, he needed to get invited to the actual house, Appledore. Or if that failed, his office. For now it seemed far simpler gaining some information about that mysterious guest from the other night and that would have to be his mission today.
John realised that they had forgot to prepare for that eventuality and that he would now need to do so own his own, in order prevent such a situation from wreaking havoc with their carefully laid plans regarding Magnussen.
John made a grab for it, too eagerly, and he naturally missed as Sherlock quickly pulled it out of reach.
He thought he sounded like a babbling idiot but bit down the urge to explain himself any further. This was after all nothing he hadn’t done a million times before.
The pressure against his back intensified and he instinctively tried to shy away from it but failed as a hand grabbed his shoulder to keep him in his place.
“No, after having done so a few times with other people, I don’t find it quite as entertaining to watch people die anymore. Especially considering the timeframe. I guess that’s one of her flaws, her venom works so slowly. Her predecessor was much quicker but unfortunately too unreliable.” He shrugged his shoulder, seemingly talking more to himself than to Sherlock, his eyes having already wandered away from Sherlock’s face. “But you can’t have everything. I need a snake that can be easily handled, and none of the other animals in my little menagerie are as accommodating as she is. As to your question, I’ll leave you to your own devices now, no need for any more socialising.”
It looked like a bell strap dangling over him, one of those old-fashioned designs that people had used when a household still consisted of master and servant. It seemed so outdated and yet perfectly in line with the rest of the house, that his logic reached the conclusion that it was indeed a bell strap and nothing more.
“That’s hardly surprising, Sherlock doesn’t do declarations of love. There’s nothing unusual about that, there are lots of people who don’t feel comfortable talking in front of others about their most inner feelings. In fact, I would say that’s quite common.”
The hallway leading up to the four-poster bed was empty, the view of the bed’s sole occupant fully visible. He could sense the shadowy figure approaching rather than actually see it for himself and he waited for the expected view looming by the end of the bed, staring at him in the darkness.
John gave him a stern look and whatever cockiness Sherlock had tried for, quickly withered away as he patted his hurt fingers with his other hand and looked utterly shocked by the physical reprimand.
She would call security soon enough and they in turn would contact Magnussen and that suited him fine. It would leave him a few minutes to look for that precious vault Mycroft was harping on about, but also to prepare himself for what he wanted Magnussen to be presented with.
For a second he closed his eyes and he saw that familiar figure in the window, dressed in his scarlet dressing gown, forever awaiting his arrival.
He immediately sat straight up and stared at her in bewilderment, still half-asleep but yet aware that if she was here then something must have happened.
“You can walk if you want to. I’m taking the car,” Magnussen replied coolly without looking at him.  Instead he turned to Mycroft who was standing a little on the side now.
Yet he couldn’t shake the feeling of not being quite alone in the eerily gloomy flat and despite going against his own sense of logic, he did turn around to stare into the empty darkness both behind and in front of him before continuing up the stairs to his bedroom.
“We even got engaged!” she continued, not even checking if John was paying any attention to what she was telling him. “He showed up at the office one evening when I was working late, and the boss wasn’t around. Just took me completely by surprise, and I’m not really supposed to bring people in when the boss isn’t around but how was I supposed to refuse him when he had those puppy eyes and that box with a ring inside it, held up in front of the security camera like the prettiest present I’ve ever been offered.
Sherlock was bent over his microscope when there was a sharp knock on the door, Mycroft knew this despite not being able to see him, as his brother had been glued to that very spot for the past two days.
Outwardly Sherlock seemed like a headstrong person but living with a brother like Mycroft who had such overbearing control over his life, and then, to make things even more complicated, the presence of a fiancé who seemed just as eager to continue controlling his life as Mycroft was, it wouldn’t be surprising if Sherlock’s self-confidence had crumbled under the weight of everything piled on top of him.
Well, he was most certainly not going to do that. Not after all that crowing he had put his brother through recently, he would rather chew glass.
“You if anyone should know this, who has seen the ravages of war up close. And yet you remained where you were and conducted your life right in the middle of it, every day. The fact that you decided to wear that uniform tonight tells me that you look back on that time with some sort of proudness attached to your experience, if I was to take a guess I would say that you found it exciting and that you thrived from that feeling to get by. And there you go, even something as dark as war has something to be gained from. That’s what this painting means to me – within the darkness lies the promise of something exciting and beautiful to be had.”
Watson’s information was probably of a shadier variety than Victor’s refined nugget about the missile plans, although ironically they were both scorned lovers who had turned bitter and resentful and thereby willing to spill the beans about Sherlock. The difference was the quality of intel and in this particular case Victor surpassed John Watson by miles, unless Magnussen had completely underestimated the doctor and he actually had something unexpected to reveal.
But still, it nagged at his attention and the thing that struck him as really odd was the fact that there was a rack to begin with. What purpose did it serve if it was unable to be of proper use?
His own cocky attitude had done nothing but stoke the flames even further and even if it had felt irresistible at the time, he realised that while being trapped in this secluded mansion in the middle of nowhere, a cheetah on the prowl outside and a man with the temperament of an injured bull facing him, verbal teasing had perhaps not been the wisest move.
“He’s been through quite a lot of doctors along the way, never quite finding the right fit, but you seem to carry some magic talents when it comes to dealing with him, considering how long you’ve lasted. Mycroft says you saved Sherlock’s life and that it was how you initially met, so let me begin by offering my gratitude for that. It might also explain why he accepts you more readily than he did the others.”
“Considering the fact that I’m here to help you save your brother it would be greatly appreciated if you could tone down the snark just a little bit....”
A satisfied warmth spread across John’s chest as he caressed the length of the riding crop while he imagined the numerous ways he could use it to bring home the message he needed to come across if he would ever be able to move on.
As he sat on the leather seat in his newly- ironed uniform, trying to feel at ease with wearing it again after such a long time, keeping himself occupied with watching the houses and streets pass by, glaring city lights and people crowding the sidewalks, broadcasting all the familiarities of a large city outside his car window, he thought of Sherlock and wondered how he was feeling tonight, if he was happy, what he looked like.
A firm grip led him to one of the rooms downstairs with a glass of something yellowish resolutely pressed into his hands with the order to drink up.
It hadn’t been expressed in as many words that the information about their status was now official, but people apparently had a knack for figuring things out anyway.
“I’ll be seeing you in three days then, if nothing unexpected happens or if you decide to try a new break-in before that and end up needing my medical expertise.”
Instead he had taken the stance of pretending that things were they way John himself pretended things to be between them and officially they were nothing more than two flatmates that solved crimes together and shared the rent. Friendship was perhaps a good term for it as well, but it had never been addressed openly and Mycroft wasn’t interested in labelling things either, if his brother wasn’t keen on it.
“I thought you said that you feared that he was going to leave you, not the other way around? What made you change your opinion about him? He wasn’t involved in the theft in any way, was he?”
Suddenly a cold grip wrapped itself around Mycroft’s heart and the grim squeeze of it almost made him stop breathing for a second.
A small smile made his thin lips curl in pleasure, showcasing teeth that made John think of a predator about to take a bite out of its dinner.
Magnussen looked at him with intense scrutiny as if trying to suss out if he was bluffing or not. It was clear that something about John had made him suspicious for some reason. But whatever it was, he didn’t manage to put a finger on it apparently, because after a moment of silent observation he finally nodded.
What was going to happen to him when he would no longer be in Mycroft’s care and under his watchful eyes? It was a thought he had decided to not dwell on too closely ever since the announcement of the wedding had been declared but tonight something in the way Sherlock looked at him made that thought rise to the surface.
“And it did! I don’t like people snooping into my affairs. But he is insignificant, your brother. Annoying? Yes. A threat? No. And as you can very well see, he isn’t here. It’s just me here. As it usually is. “
“Get me a cup of coffee, no sugar, as black as you can possibly get it. Then you may go find yourself a new task or just bugger off. Neither you nor anyone else for that matter is getting within an inch of this material from now on!”
, John thought as he returned back to work and pushed the nagging feeling of regret as far away as possible from his mind.
“I would claim that some of us actually need to work out to stay in shape as we can’t all be blessed with your metabolism, but I’m not going to say it as it risks turning your already swollen head even more enlarged by doing so. No need to feed that ego of yours even more than you do yourself,” Mycroft said while he brought a small towel to his face to wipe off some of the sweat. He didn’t like how his body reacted to being pushed physically. It was disgustingly damp and painful work, but he also didn’t like to see the return of any wretched weight gain that he so easily suffered. So, more often than not, this was the preferable option.
On some level he could fully grasp that Mycroft might have once had secret missile plans in his office, however outrageous that image might have seemed in any other context, and wasn’t that the whole key to their strange way of living,  nothing was ever normal with them, except for the fact that in their eyes, it was.
Roylott whipped his head in Magnussen’s direction now. “Why the bloody hell did you bring these men here? You and I have no beef, but I won’t stand for this worm trying to act stroppy with me and if you side with him...”
With those parting words he closed the door firmly behind him and left Sherlock looking at himself in the mirror, wondering if this was not something they were all was going to regret by the end of the evening.
John didn’t respond to that and Mycroft tried to shoot him a warning look, ordering him to remain quiet, but naturally Magnussen was not as easily silenced.
Meanwhile, the fingers did their own journey upwards instead, across the exposed back, first down to the lining of his trousers and the up again all the way to the neck, burying themselves in the curls that lingered there.
He had always been under the impression that no one spoke of anything related to gossip, that most of them remained mum about things associated with their boss, he had certainly never heard anyway talk about either Mycroft nor Sherlock before.
Sherlock went silent for a second and John waited for the expected vehement denial or at least some sort of explanation, but it never came. Instead Sherlock began twisting again, trying to spring free from John’s strong hold.
Mycroft swallowed the impulse to pull a face when hearing those words. Too sugary, too sweet, too utterly sentimental for his liking.
won’t be able to help, he is far too experienced to get caught. This isn’t one of Sherlock’s little puzzles where his loyal Detective Inspector merrily follows his lead and everything turns out dandy in the end.”
Despite only pretending to be a person suffering from a coma, he had still been forced to confinement and hidden away, simply to avoid the risk of anyone managing the unthinkable feat of sniffing out his location.
If the doctor instead mysteriously went missing, a solution Mycroft was the master of arranging, it would simply mean that Sherlock would forever fruitlessly search for him, looking at it as another case that needed to be cracked.
And yet, a hint of smugness, possibly even relief and satisfaction were appearing in his features as well.
Mycroft gave him a quick inspection but skipped the most telling signs of recent activities as he had no desire to know too much.
But as if being able to read his thoughts on the subject, Sherlock suddenly interrupted his grinding against John’s crotch and put his hand into one of the pockets of his jacket, still hanging off his shoulders as John had so far turned all of his attention to ridding him only of his trousers.
While he felt for a pulse and checked Sherlock’s breathing ability, he addressed the older brother sternly:
Throwing a quick glance at his phone it told John that it was well after 03:00 AM and yet again he let his eyes roam the room for the cause of disturbance. Normally he would be soundly asleep by now and not easily roused.
The room which the man had partly entered was eerily quiet, the view still obscured from John, preventing him from seeing the other two occupants more clearly.
Then he picked up his phone to shine into the young man’s eyes and ears, told him to stick his tongue out, felt for any swollen lymph nodes on the neck and then asked the usual questions regarding use of medicine, sleeping and eating habits as well as use of tobacco and alcohol, height and weight and so forth.
He kept redialling every other minute despite knowing that Mycroft wasn’t going to pick up. But somehow it kept his panic in check sufficiently enough to prevent him from just losing it.
He wouldn’t know they weren’t showing the actual truth, just like Mycroft hadn’t been able to see it either. People saw what they wanted to see and considering the untrustworthiness of Sherlock, who would ever believe his side of the story?
“Didn’t you just hear what I said?  There is no other way, our hands are tied. None of us are prepared to accept the alternative, a life spent in prison, so this is what we have been forced to agree upon.
As his brain caught up with what his eyes were looking at, his lips slowly began to curl into a somewhat manic grin and his fingers trembled as he quickly reached for his phone.
“Remember that time when junior got caught breaking into Rudd’s office and the boss came to retrieve him? All I’m saying is that I’m lucky I wasn’t in his shoes when I saw the boss’s face! And if he was spitting back then, imagine what it’s like this time around!”
And with those words he left, without turning to see what kind of impact his words had on the other man, sensing quite well than his message had been properly received and firmly understood.
It had been delivered by messenger during the afternoon but he had not bothered to open it straight away and it had quickly been forgotten on account of the situation with Sherlock, and then it must have fallen to the floor sometime during the evening when Victor had occupied his time pacing the room, drinking wine and sprawling on the sofa.
But he wasn’t going to waste more time pondering the outcome of that despicable man when he had far more exciting things to think about and look forward to.
Chained to a bed in the middle of the room, naked and stretched out on his back against starch white sheets, dark curls splayed out against the fabric, staring back at him from his immobile position, was a very familiar figure.
“Stop treating me like I’m an amateur, Mycroft. You of all people should know I’m the expert in the art of making promises never to be kept.”
He took a sip of the lukewarm cup of tea he had made himself earlier and heard the familiar sound of someone opening the door behind his back.
The position of one of Mycroft’s fingers that lingers against the pulse point of the wrist, almost like a caress if that wouldn’t have been so extremely unlikely, is what catches John’s attention, makes him hit pause, rewind and watch again over and over until he doesn’t know what it is that he is trying to achieve, but at the same time being so certain that what he is looking at might be a whole new twist in this already unfathomable mystery of Sherlock’s disappearance.
Shaking the feeling of unease that this realisation created inside of him, he concentrated on what he had in front of him instead, approaching Sherlock from behind, running his hands up and down his back, over the buttocks and down his thighs before he wormed his arms around to the front to start working on the buttons and the zipper holding those fancy dress pants in place.
But as much as it chagrins him to give Mycroft as much as an inch of being right, John can see that such an assignment would be more his sort of job than watching hours upon hours of his domestic life presented as a rerun on a screen.
Sure, they had nice suits and dresses, the occasional piece of jewellery, but every single one of them would be forgotten as soon as you stopped looking at them. For a second a thought struck him that they perhaps were indeed hired extras but then he waived that thought away again, because what would be the purpose of such a ploy?
He even went so far as to invent a made-up chart of calory intake that he believed his patient would benefit from and Sherlock had with a hint of exasperation complained about that particular detail as it meant that Mycroft suddenly had decided on what they should eat based on what the chart said, ordering food with a high calory index to be served at every meal and it had been a real bother for Sherlock to get through those arrangements when he really wasn’t interested in food to begin with.
Mycroft cringed at the phrasing. He disliked the way he was spoken to by this man sometimes. They were so fundamentally different and yet still so alike that it was difficult to know how to react to the way he was addressed occasionally. It was not enough to make a complaint about it but it unsettled him for some reason and perhaps that was the part that irked him the most, that it actually bothered him. His golden rule was to never care but this man was determent to make him break that rule every time.
“I have no idea what a Corry is but no doubt is something exceedingly dull and not worthy of my concern.”
Mycroft gave him a cold stare, the firm hold of the Malacca handle of his umbrella a sure sign of his annoyance.
Sherlock slid down from the windowpane, wrapped his billowing night gown around his slim frame as he moved across the room, past Mycroft, towards the door. He looked like a spectre, haughty and surprisingly majestic despite his lack of proper attire, but wasn’t that always the case, Mycroft thought with a sting of envy. Sherlock had perfected that act years ago, gliding through their childhood home like the queen of Sheba in a way that Mycroft had never been able to emulate, even if he officially never would deign to try it.
But as John is interrupted in the middle of his morning routine, shaving foam still covering the left part of his chin, the scent of shower gel lingering in the air, the mirror in front of him somewhat foggy from steam, he immediately knows that something is seriously wrong as the shape of the ominous older Holmes brother appears behind him with something that to an outsider might be considered a marginally dishevelled look but to a true connoisseur is the tell-tale sign of Mycroft Holmes in a never before seen look of distress.
“And I want the fancy brand I know Mycroft has stored away somewhere, none of that cheap stuff that burns a hole in your throat with every sip. If he objects, tell him that he bloody well
Sherlock was surrounded by professionals who were doing everything in their power to safe his life, it was out of his hands now ad all he could do was to wait.
The problem with this relationship lark was that when you absolutely needed a little privacy it was impossible to be had and there was absolutely no way he could possibly tell John any of recent events without angering him. Worse than that, John might actually leave if confronted with this latest development and where would that leave Sherlock?
There had been nothing but heartache and pain to gain from it, all the lies, the trickery and manipulation, the humiliation of having to see Victor stake his claim last night and now the drugs as well. And Sherlock acting like an entitled bastard that had been stringing him along the whole time and didn’t even have the decency to look ashamed when finally being caught out with his lies.
“Only that he....well, nothing really....it was just something he said once...,” he finally stammered and quickly turned focus back to the first topic. “Please continue. What happened after that?”
He had noticed Magnussen approaching Mycroft from behind and how the two men had exchanged words before Sherlock joined them and appearantly the mission was now in full swing if you considerd Sherlock's rather blatant display of his assets.
But John also knew that he wouldn’t be able to put up with the kind of bullshit he had been subjected to lately either.
He was aware of the risk of getting too attached the more time they spent in each other’s company but as they never spoke of Sherlock’s fiancé or the impending wedding it was easy to forget the reason why he couldn’t have this forever.
He secretly wondered if he should have put up more of a resistance instead of so easily considering the offer. On the other hand, Magnussen knew nothing about his true character and principles, he had no idea that John would never willingly accept to sell anyone out, however angry he was. He hadn’t done that with Victor the other night and was even less likely to do so with someone like Magnussen.
Trying to seduce Magnussen into revealing his vault had been one of those grey areas where Sherlock had realised, before John did, that jealousy would rear its ugly head despite reassurances that it wouldn’t. Sherlock had tried warning him that trying to keep things at such an innocent level as Mycroft had offered, would be an impossibility, and once John had realised this, he was all nerves and tension whenever the topic of Magnussen came up.
But a firm grip around his wrist put a stop to that idea and the figure leaned in even closer, until they almost ended up face to face, a gust of warm breath ghosting John’s cheek.
Sherlock sighed and slid further down in his chair, continuing to poke listlessly at his food, no longer bothering with the colour-arrangement. But despite his somewhat lacklustre appearance he was in a fairly good mood.
“Oh, yes. Dr Roylott did breach the subject with me just the other day. Said that someone fitting the description enough for me to realise who it was, had been making inquiries about him. He wasn’t particularly pleased by this, but I think I know enough about your charming little brother to realise that he hardly cares about the opinions of others if he is intrigued enough by someone.  He is so refreshingly recklessness in that regard, seems to be drawn to danger in a most irresponsible fashion.”
It actually did sting a little that John apparently didn’t think he could handle this business with Magnussen, John who normally always believed in Sherlock’s abilities so loyally. Why did it matter to John if the media mogul was showing signs of obsession with Sherlock, that was rather the point after all?
“For the third and final time, Sherlock. Why are you here? If you don’t give me a proper answer I’ll walk straight back to my bed and forget all about this frankly outrageous meeting, you won’t get another chance of explaining yourself and I still won’t return as your doctor.”
“Sherlock! I won’t have you talking about my colleagues in such a fashion! A man committed suicide...”
Mycroft steeled himself for the expected onslaught and made sure to arrange his facial features into cool patience.
The silence that followed as he stopped talking was charged with a whole whirlwind of emotions fighting for dominance inside John, as well as a hesitant pause from Sherlock who took a final drag of his cigarette before he put it out against the crate he was sitting on, then turning his eyes to look solemnly at John.
Why had Sherlock bothered with drugging John Watson if not going after the one man he knew John positively hated? Why simply not just take his trusted companion with him as he usually did? This could not be one of his brother's usual cases, it had to be related to Magnussen somehow.
When he had realised that John must have harboured feelings for him secretly without him realising it, he became cross, at himself for failing to notice and at John for complicating a perfectly fine arrangement.
If that product is the magical explanation for Sherlock’s glossy and soft curls John wasn’t averse to having some of it in his own hair, but as he had worked it into his own tresses the overpowering scent of Sherlock had unmistakably made itself known in the air of the bathroom, for some reason making John feel guilty despite not knowing why that was, and he had quickly taken his own much cheaper version of Wash n Go to massage into his scalp to replace the feeling of treading on dangerous waters. Luckily for him, he managed to evaporate the scent by opening up a window and he decided to not try Sherlock’s products any more.
“I’m told you’re apparently eager to make my acquaintance. I merely decided to shorten the process and cut straight to the chase. I have also been informed that you’re a real nuisance, and know-it-all, putting your nose into other people’s business, whether it’s appreciated or not. “
John did love him, more than probably was good for him, but he also realised that he wasn’t as dazzled by the other man as he had been in the past.
He had always been more or less obsessed with all sorts of criminal activity, the more gruesome and cunning the better and at one point their parents had even wondered if it was a future criminal mastermind that their youngest son strived to become. Combined with his other strange peculiarities it wasn’t too surprising that they assumed this to be the case, even if Mycroft had never truly believed that his brother would choose that particular career for himself.
Those who want to see a different take on the final ending are free to read the epilogue but be aware that it won't be a "happily ever after" kind of thing. The choice is up to you.
“But…you have no problem with that?” John asked in sheer disbelief. “Even if he is a terrible person now, he used to be your friend once. Your boyfriend even. It makes you sound so callous when you speak of him like a problem that needs to be disposed of in such a final manner.”
A flash of anger darkened his brother’s eyes but at least it was preferable to the listlessness Sherlock had showcased earlier. Anger was familiar, anger meant that he had some spirit left in him even if it was aimed against Mycroft.
“I’m afraid I haven’t the slightest idea what to say to that, Mr Magnussen. Although my brother in my own eyes will always remain the irresponsible little boy I grew up with, he is after all an adult and I have sadly no sway over his decisions. We’re in fact not particularly close, never have been and I’m afraid the chasm is too wide to ever truly mend. Too many childhood resentments and an age gape impossible to overlook. We simply never shared any common interests.”
“Yes, he is a man governed by his emotions to a surprisingly large degree. How normal people manage to function in their daily life while being constant victims to their feelings and whims is beyond me.”
“Understandably so. I know nothing of your particular circumstances, but I know that the Holmes brothers can be quite brutal in their dealings with people. Both of them have that reputation. There are others who have crossed their path and ended up in the same situation as you, Dr Watson.”
Granted, there isn’t much to indicate that the man in front of him is truly upset, it’s the small details, like the omission of a handkerchief in his breast pocket, the small pattern of crumbs on his front and the fact that his face has an expression that John up until this moment has never before seen on the man that is the British government, an expression he quite frankly didn’t think was part of the built-in hard drive that is Mycroft’s personality  because it would go against everything John so far has learned about Sherlock’s brother.
Fine, if Sherlock didn’t want to talk to him about it, he certainly wasn’t going to push the issue. But it did smart a bit that he was this easily dismissed after the pleasant time they had just enjoyed together, less than ten minutes earlier.
Without moving a single muscle, Mycroft continued to look at him, not bothering to reply to something he already knew.
The evening came and went, and Sherlock remained comfortably sitting in front of his microscope in that part of the kitchen that was assigned to him and his experiments. As a chemistry graduate he had argued the need of a personal lab and even if John wasn’t particularly pleased about it, he had unfortunately not managed to persuade Sherlock into looking at the kitchen as a place for eating and cooking and, as long as he didn’t do any experiments that were flammable, dangerous or foul-smelling, he had given up the war over the kitchen space far more easily than he would ever admit to. Sherlock had managed to stick to the rules fairly well and had only broken the ban on three occasions so far.
Ignoring this little jab, Mycroft turned away from Sherlock so he wouldn’t have to look at the smug glimmer in his brother's eyes. Behind his back Sherlock continued to talk.
“I understand that it might seem a bit old-fashioned to make arrangements like this, without the actual patient present. But as you will soon realise if you decide to take this assignment is that anything that doesn’t necessarily need to involve my brother will run much smoother, even things that has to do with him personally. As I’m sure you noticed, he is a former drug user, with emphasis on the word former. Yet nonetheless, as I sure you are aware of, considering your own family background, an addict is always an addict at heart and even if his addiction is dormant at the moment, who’s to say when he is going to fall prey to his desires the next time? I have been around too long to take anything for granted when it comes to this matter.”
“I must say that it doesn’t sound like you at all, misplacing something so important. Even in that chaotic room of yours there is some degree of order to the mess.”
“I’m calling my pilot so he can pick me up. You can escape if you want to, but I’m not offering you a ride in my helicopter. I’m not aiding a possible killer to escape. You’re on your own.”
He remembered having seen a man who had been bitten by a carpet viper in Afghanistan a few years back, but that bite had looked a little different from this, more blistering and with dead tissue around the bite. That man had survived but had still been forced to amputate two fingers as he had been given the antidote a little too late. It was John who had done the surgery afterwards.
Granted, he still had the missile plans and the threat of reveal to hang over Mycroft’s head even if Sherlock died. The question was if Mycroft would care as much about his own fate if he lost his brother forever?
This man seemed to be a bit too eccentric for his taste and he wondered how such a person would get along with someone like Mycroft Holmes with his penchant for flying under the radar and not bring attention to himself unless he had to. On the other hand, two cold fishes sharing a pond might actually find something they had in common, however unlikely it might first appear.
He signed the document and pushed it back towards Mycroft who picked it up, gave it a close scrutiny and the put it away again. While looking at him doing this, John was suddenly hit by something he hadn’t thought of asking earlier.
The crowd was already beginning to scatter, and the car slowly made its way forward when Stamford reached John and put a hand on his shoulder, curiosity in his his eyes.
He had looked his usual impeccable self, a briefcase in one hand, an umbrella in the other, a herringbone patterned coat and his hair neatly combed without a single hair out of place. In his usual politely distant voice he had greeted John but his eyes had been narrowed and his features were particularly standoffish.
For a quick moment he saw another figure in the shadows behind John, moving towards them, but then his body couldn’t manage to keep his strength up any further and despite his wish to keep looking up at John’s comfortingly familiar features, he felt his eyes slowly close and he lost consciousness once more.
To his rising dismay John realised that however awful that sounded, there was a possibility that the answer to that question was yes.
Mycroft only realised that his jaws were terribly clenched when the pain made itself known and he tried to relax, not rushing into the other man’s obvious verbal traps.
“Yes, Sir. Doctor Watson is still in the flat. We haven’t seen movements through the window in a while, but the angle isn’t that great, he could be in front of the telly, or up in his own room. But he has not left the flat since you left, Sir.”
Mycroft wasn’t as equally perplexed. He knew Sherlock after all and if his brother had wanted to leave John Watson behind for some reason, using sedative drugs sadly wasn’t beneath him. But there was no use going into the fragile morass of his brother’s questionable principles right now, it could wait for a better suited timing.
But this, right now, is a man interrupted by news of a nature that has caused him to show up here in a slightly imperfect appearance. If the crumbs on his front are anything to go by, his morning routine was likely interrupted just like John’s is now, a hasty retreat from the breakfast table, his handkerchief seemingly forgotten in the haste. The fact that the thinning tresses of hair are also not at their best is perhaps the most sure sign that Mycroft, who normally puts a lot of effort into his appearance, has foregone to tame his hair in order to head straight out the door because of something that has been brough to his attention.
They passed a room where the slightly opened door revealed a woman bent over a carpet, scrubbing away at the fringes with at small toothbrush. Her face was hidden behind a set of red hair hanging down in a tangly mess and what sounded like sobs came from her direction.
For starters, it had been immensely helpful that he had decided confront John last night, as it had presented Sherlock with the perfect opportunity to arrange his own meeting with John soon after.
God lord, he was in that obstinate mood apparently, the mood where he was playing difficult just out pure spite. Mycroft didn’t like it, it always made for a tiresome conversation and he was far too tired to indulge in one of those at this hour.
Officially he has told himself afterwards that it would have been embarrassing to be caught walking around smelling like Sherlock, but the unofficial reason remains uncomfortably festering deep down in his own conscience where he seldom ventures to look more closely.
John made a mental note of the fact that Sherlock apparently had been living in a place of his own previously but now for some reason was living with his brother. But he decided to save some of the questions he had for later, it seemed a bit much to put his patient through an actual interrogation on their very first appointment.
“Doesn’t sound like such a gentleman if he ditched you the very next day. Didn’t he offer any sort of explanation?”
Did Victor suspect that something was going on between Sherlock and him or was it pure coincidence that the bag had ended up in Victor’s hands? It was difficult to tell but John assumed that by Saturday he would have more than one answer to the many question that kept him occupied at the moment.
Mycroft reached down to pull out a document from a drawer as well as presenting a fountain pen from a box next to the computer.
But first he needs to see why John has deemed it necessary to demand his presence at the Diogenes in such a rude and irritating manner.
“I’m just tired, Mycroft. You know I’m hardly sleeping right now and with all the wedding preparations…”
By now, John is as close to breaking down as he has ever been, reality hitting him hard with every dead-end they reach.
When Mycroft remains quiet, just staring into the nothingness in front of him, John breaches his own rules of protocol that he normally tries to maintain with Mycroft by keeping a distance, both physical as well as mental.
Sherlock played with a piece of salmon on his plate without actually eating anything and didn’t look at his brother as he spoke.
It also surprised him that he had never thought to ask about it later. Perhaps he truly had been too smitten from the very beginning to start prying into that business and then it must have slipped his mind.
Come dinnertime the situation finally erupted by Sherlock snapping that he wasn’t an invalid, that he didn’t like being tip-toed around as if in danger to break and this outburst resulted in John releasing his own brewing resentment by snapping back in full force.
And with that the door was slammed shut behind him so thoroughly it threatened to fall off its hinges.
When he had finished reading the medical journal he wrote down a small summarization of his examination and then sent it by delivery to the address he had been given. There was a phone number as well but he wasn’t sure if he was ready for another conversation with Mycroft after today’s events, a few written words had to suffice for now. He kept it all to a minimum and did not include any verbal exchanges that had been made between them.
He wasn’t foolish enough to walk down that slippery slope. The subject of consent was a tired one, he was not in the right state of mind to have that conversation.
John sighs and lifts his hand to run it over his face, forgetting that he still has shaving cream across the one half. His fingers touching the moistness of his cheek makes him aware of this and he rises to his feet.
For a second Sherlock looked pleased, and John felt that tingling sensation again, it felt oddly satisfying to see Sherlock look so happy. Perhaps because he had seen him under such awful circumstances the first time they had met it was now rewarding to see him look so alive.
Sherlock stared at the stuffed form of the cheetah in front of him while wrapping his head around the idea that a wild version of this animal was running free out there in the wilderness.
Magnussen waived her away without asking if John wanted anything. He had a glass of amber liquid in a crystal glass on the desk but was clearly not interested in offering his guest a glass of his own.
“Any refreshments?” his P.A was heard from the door, John already having forgotten about her as he was standing in front of Magnussen in person now, about to embark on his first try to lure the man into offering him an invitation to his house.
It never had the opportunity to simply be a flatmate arrangement, not when the first 24 hours of their acquaintance had them chasing a serial killer, John firing his army weapon through a window saving Sherlock from ingesting a possibly poisonous pill, being interviewed by Mycroft in an abandoned warehouse and then ending the evening by playing ignorant to Lestrade’s questioning looks before being whisked off to a Chinese restaurant for a well-deserved dinner.
“Not at all, Mr Magnussen. I was just about to start my shift but there is still a little time left. Erm, how may I help you?”
Hesitantly John followed, unsure of what this was all about, even more so as the room was quite dark and his eyes had quite some difficulty adjusting to the dimness at first.
Henceforward, Mycroft will be your only source of communication and that option needs to be used very sparsely to avoid catching unwanted attention. When receiving your invitation to Magnussen’s house you need to tell Mycroft so he can forward this information to me, but beyond that, don’t reach out to him unless it is a case of emergency.”
He briskly marched over to it, knocked on the window to the driver’s seat and was rewarded with the window being rolled down, revealing the large silent man usually in charge of taking him to the house.
“I’m merely worried about you, that’s all. You are very important to me, whether you choose to believe it or not. And when I look at you, you don’t seem to be coping fine at all right now.”
“Do you think it wise to test the patience of a man who holds a riding crop in his hand and isn’t afraid to use it quite thoroughly on someone in need of a good trashing?”
But of course he felt no trepidation at all, mere curiosity, and when relief over Magnussen’s probable absence loosened the tightness of his chest, he felt himself relax despite the circumstances.
“Nothing particularly exciting happened between Magnussen and myself. After he had insisted on taking a walk through that boring art gallery with the gaudily painted ceiling, we went on a ride along the river in his car before ending up at his flat around 01.”
“True. But he has earned himself a terrible disadvantage by aggravating the wrong people on his way to the top, it will be those same people that will make sure to bring down even the more legitimate side of his enterprise. Even those with power and wealth need friends in high places or they will soon realise that their fortune might suddenly start to dwindle. Media is such a fickle business after all, one day you’re on top of the world, the next all of your sponsors have withdrawn, your licences have been evoked and you’re facing lawsuits from disgruntled people in every corner that have previously been silenced by loyal associates but now suddenly are given a way to voice their criticism openly. An entrepreneur is only as good as his reputation and ability to generate money, once that is ruined his business is as good as dead.”
“He does what he’s told, Mycroft, you can’t actually control what he chooses to write in them as well. If that were the case, you could just as well write them yourself.”
Before John had the chance to open his mouth and say something while his still sleepy eyes tried to focus on what was happening in front of him, Sherlock raised his index finger to his lips and made a silent shushing gesture before snaking his arm around John’s middle and then pressing a naked thigh against his lower back. With nimble fingers he made a quick process of gaining entrance inside the lining of the pyjama bottoms and found his way towards John’s soft penis, that had yet not fully woken up. Sherlock’s dexterous fingers made a short process of achieving a more alert result and while John’s brain still struggled with ridding himself of the last vestiges of sleep, other parts of him were quicker to jolt into action.
Maybe the residence of a mad scientist was the most fitting description, even if a few items of clothing as well as a bust of Goethe, a violin stand and the actual instrument itself also took up some space of the room.
And for a second Sherlock actually considered the fact that no one knew where he was, as if this was a novelty to him.
“Oh, I can just imagine how that must have gone down with your brother…someone trying to blackmail him… He doesn’t strike me as the kind of person who would willingly comply to other people’s demands.”
He never did learn how that situation turned out because when he returned hours later Sherlock was having a soak in the bath and then Lestrade came by and business was back to usual again.
Sherlock hadn’t mentioned it afterwards with so much as a word. He had looked scared the moment before passing out, but not enough for Magnussen to feel that rare jolt of excitement he experienced when completely bringing a person to the edge of the abyss.
Mycroft’s part is to act cold and calculating in the eye of the storm, concerned obviously, it is his brother after all, but nonetheless, always ready to dip his fingers into his vast amount of resources to help them out of whatever jam Sherlock has managed to get himself or both of them into. It’s not optional to suddenly change character traits, these are the rules!
A predatory gleam in the other man’s eyes told Mycroft how much Magnussen  enjoyed provoking him by pushing all the buttons he could, just to get a reaction from him, and Mycroft had to make every effort available to not let his true emotions show.
“The gun didn’t contain real bullets. Do you really think I would allow a halfwit like Trevor to walk around with a gun after finding out that he had stolen your service weapon and threatened you with it? Just imagine the disaster caused by someone like him, plagued by jealousy, and armed to boot, it would have been irresponsible of me to have permitted such a threat to continue hanging over our heads any longer than necessary.”
That didn’t necessarily mean anything of course, who wouldn’t be caught off guard when receiving visitors unannounced, visitors who he mostly didn’t know, and at this late hour. But still, John couldn’t help but feel like their presence was very unwanted.
But no. He was far too annoyed with Sherlock at the moment to resort to childishness. If he had run off to sulk somewhere, let him be then, John had far more important things to do.
“He was always a bit of a wild one, that younger brother,” a man to his left said to the others gathered around the lunch table.
Then there was Mycroft of course, who, once realising that his little brother would survive and soon was back to being his old trying self again, had despaired and left the whole situation to run its course without his interference, much to John’s surprise.
He wondered if he should unplug his cell phone from its charger despite knowing that his brother would scoff at him for even considering it.
Not even once had Sherlock expressed a desire to put a stop to the wedding or that John should somehow supplant his fiancé’s place by his side.
“I’m not against the aspect of punishment, dear Sherlock, if you give me enough incentive to do so,” Magnussen had said, a smile playing on his lips as his hand had wielded yet another blow against the already sore surface of Sherlock’s body.
“Please....” he wheezed and stared straight into the other one’s eyes. But there was only black anger in them, a look of possessiveness clouding everything else.
It’s the fact that something between Mycroft’s touch of the wrist and his more wholesome, but still surprisingly intimate contact with the lower part of Sherlock arm, has been deleted that sets John senses on alert.
Luckily for him he hasn’t and he squints at the small screen of his phone while trying to wrap his head around what exactly it is that he sees.
This is next level, even for Mycroft and if here right now he would find himself with Johns hands around his throat, squeezing hard against his windpipes.
The agents disapprovingly purses his mouth, not unlike Mycroft himself when being in a particularly prissy mood, but John waives him away and turns his attention back to the screen where Sherlock has long ago finished his tea and is now bending over a book lying on the desk, his back against the camera.
But was it genuinely felt or was it part of an act, much like the game he entertained with Magnussen?
As he was still facing Sherlock, and Mycroft was positioned behind his back, he couldn’t actually see Mycroft’s face, but he could very well imagine the cold rage crossing his features right now.
“I took the documents that I knew had kept him occupied for the past couple weeks. I knew exactly which ones to take as I had seen glimpses of them on his desk while visiting his office for one of my “lectures.” He never realised that he should have been careful around me as well, the way he was with other people. He never truly trusted me again after this.”
If he hadn’t been in the situation he was in right now, Sherlock could almost have admired it a little bit.
That is something he picked up in the army, people too shell-shocked to react could be jump-started into action by a well-aimed slap to the cheek and a firm tone of voice.
However much it chagrined him to admit to this, he realised that he had to confess lacking the proper knowledge to proceed and he pulled out a chair to sit himself down heavily, the umbrella between his knees before meeting Magnussen’s smug face, conceding defeat.
It hadn’t happened before. He had always been prepared in advance and for a moment terror actually clawed away inside of him.
Mycroft in general went to functions alone, whenever he bothered to go at all, and never before had he brought his brother along. So, the fact that he had done so tonight was worthy of much speculation.
He patted his protruding stomach sheepishly. While John had made the effort to remain more or less fit over the years, Mike Stamford had grown decidedly fat.
“No, no, no. What did I say about just listening? Don’t force me to use this prematurely just because of your insubordination. “
Since Sherlock had more or less slammed the door in his face, he had not bothered with reaching out to his wayward brother despite the threat of Magnussen still hanging over his head as well as his colleagues.
“No, not more than the occasional top off to get him through a night at a club, the recreational use, nothing beyond that. It started like that for me as well, but I had a stronger urge to overindulge while he easily could prevent himself from taking anything for weeks on end. In that regard he was smarter than me, I guess. I was badly prepared for the life he introduced me to and I easily fell into the trap of my own making very quickly.”
He managed to calm himself down and appear like his usual self when reunited with his colleagues who had just returned from their lunch break, and as they never asked him any questions about where he had been he never felt the pressure to ventilate his issues with anyone. They knew he was doing some additional work for Mycroft Holmes but the nature of that assignment or any further details was never explained nor asked for.
The sedative wouldn’t keep him out for the whole night if he wasn’t particularly knackered to begin with, but a few hours, sure. It would have been ideal if John never realised that Sherlock was gone but considering the journey he was now forced to endure, it seemed less plausible to manage that with every passing minute.
The very limited option of the written word lacked the very useful element of tone of voice and other ways of expressing more distinctly what he wanted to say. For people like Sherlock and Mycroft there was too much room for misinterpretations if you went even an inch beyond a mere factual message. So even if he had wanted to say something additional to calm his brother’s ruffled feathers, it was better if he didn’t do it with a text.
“Excellent. I can send a car to collect you Saturday night at eight that will take you to your destination.”
Later that afternoon, as most of the other men had headed off to the pub to watch a game, he lounged on his bed, reading one of his paperbacks that kept him entertained when he wasn’t in the mood to join the others for a night out.
If nothing else, he wants a confirmation that there had been a camera installed in their bathroom and he wants Mycroft to explain what that glitch in the surveillance film is about.
But considering that Mycroft had mentioned the fiancé on several occasions it seemed like a subject that would have been addressed at least once by Sherlock.
Sherlock lighted his cigarette and turned his gaze outside while he slowly exhaled the first cloud of smoke into the air.
He continued to pace frantically as he spoke and John desperately wanted to make him stop, to force him to calm down, but unable to actually reach out and touch him, afraid what it would feel like if he actually crossed that line, he held up a preventive hand in front of Sherlock’s face instead.
Then he saw Imaginary-John turn his face around, as if addressing someone else, not visible to Sherlock, perhaps not even present in the room. It looked like he was screaming.
After a few minutes of stubborn waiting for a John who didn't return, Sherlock got up from his chair as well and followed him, a thousand scathing retorts on the tip of his tongue.
Playing coy was a good trick and served its purpose, Magnussen was clearly hooked and tugging at the line Sherlock had thrown him, but now was the time to take the next step, wet the so called appetite a little more seriously  and if Sherlock knew anything about men so tightly in control of themselves it positively whitened their knuckles, it was that when they finally did began to unravel, it was quite the sight to behold and it opened them up for vulnerability .
Their eyes locked for a second, a silent war of wills raging between them, as had been their habit since childhood. But Mycroft did not budge and perhaps this was the best proof of Sherlock’s state of mind that he was the one to give in first, far earlier than he usually did.
But when he finally deigns to speak he sounds close to normal again, the mask of his usual indifference and calculating persona beginning to settle back in it’s place. It’s almost eerie to observe, perhaps mostly because the mask was off in the first place.
“Well, I always knew he wasn’t an easy person, from the very first time that I met him. Drama is bound to follow in his footsteps whether I like it or not.”
“There is no need to worry yourself about him, Dr Watson. He is doing as well as a man living with the consequences of his own actions might be,“ Mycroft had curtly replied.
A group of several men stormed in, all dressed in black suits with non-descript faces, anonymous yet sharp and determined. Unsurprised by anything presented to them in the now very crowded space they were occupying.
Sherlock shrugged and finally turned his eyes to actually look at John properly for the first time since arriving.
She was not permitted to stop until he had specifically said so and she had been at it quite relentlessly a good twenty minutes by now, her arms moving mechanically with the washcloth over the shiny surface. Whatever spot he had initially made her clean-up had vanished a long time ago by now, but he did enjoy the look of torture her face conveyed on account of the probably very arduous movements of her arms. So he just kept her going, wondering which body part was going to start trembling first, her knees or her hands.
“Like I told you, I want you to answer some questions for me. And I would also appreciate your discretion afterwards as my presence here would not be very well received if brought to Sherlock’s attention. Nor Mycroft’s for that matter.”
Magnussen froze for a second. The woman at the other end knew not to speak until specifically told to do so and the silence stretched out as he contemplated this piece of information.
There was a sharp click when the entrance button was pushed and then the finger pressing the intercom withdrew as well.
None of it was no longer of any concern to him. He had said what he had wanted to say and if no one wanted to listen, what more could he do?
Never before had this impact hit John as hard as it did right this moment when he stood there eavesdropping on the couple downstairs, hearing the distinct sound of a wet kiss being given and the soft murmuring of Sherlock’s voice as he spoke.
Mycroft didn’t reply to this and when the car finally arrived ten minutes later, they all just got in and sat in silence while being driven to the mansion and the host who was awaiting their arrival.
With a feeling of unease, he put the receiver down again, sincerely hoping that Sherlock had some answers tonight to the many questions that were now swirling inside his head.
“Initially he told Mycroft that he was acting on the behalf of a third party who was the one in charge of setting the rules we needed to submit to. And the first arrangement was for me to accept a marriage proposal from Victor Trevor.
With that Mycroft turned around and walked out of the room, knowing that Sherlock would be listening for his receding steps to disappear before turning his back to face the room again.
Someone like the mysterious guest his brother had been going on about ever since meeting him that night at Magnussen’s flat. The one Mycroft had determinedly turned off any interest in, for the sake of the more personal matter of Magnussen and the threat he presented.
“I was not referring to anything like that, even if there might be some truth to it as well. I’m speaking of something more
Mycroft also made the effort to not stoke the flames of Victor’s jealousy any further by mentioning details that could question John’s motives for leaving and bring about another impromptu visit to the barrack with a gun.
Behind him, in a far more dignified pace, nowhere near as swiftly and energetically as his brother, came Mycroft, confident in his steps but certainly in no hurry.
But would Sherlock really be mad enough to actually get engaged to Magnussen’s P.A just for the opportunity to search for the vault?
And with that he closed the door and left Sherlock behind in the dark, indeed feeling sweat breaking out as his body was beginning to cramp from the pain.
