Benjamin had been one of Sherlock's ‘one night stands’ a long time ago – during university, his first year, before everything had gone so badly wrong.
Mycroft paused, still not releasing his hold.
John turned around and rested his chin on the mattress. “Of course I’m sure. You just need to be careful when you leave the flat, ok bud? It’s very busy outside.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but find John intriguing, even though he knew whatever happened next wouldn’t be good for him and even if he did have an incredibly stern Captain Dom voice.
“No more arguments, buddy. Sit there and keep quiet.”
The Superintendent crossed over to Mycroft and dropped a kiss to the top of his head. "Good job, pet."
“And Mrs. Hudson,” John pointed out. “I’m far more annoyed with you because of your attitude toward your landlady, I’m paid and trained to deal with it.”
John and Greg found themselves tackled to the ground. Both of them were getting covered in kisses. It was completely overwhelming.
"What, and you can?"
Sighing softly to himself, he quickly slipped into his shirt and waist coat, leaving his jacket on the hanger. Content he looked presentable enough, he headed up the stairs, tucking his tie into the waist coat.
Sherlock nodded his head slightly, careful to not jostle anything else.
IS THERE SOMETHING MISSING HERE?
“It seems both out pets need to be taught some manners. Mycroft, help your brother in the kitchen.”
"Hurt him and-" she clipped the government official on the back of the head, successfully cutting him off.
“Oh, can’t you?”
Sherlock paused, realising just how normal such a conversation was. The only person he had really spoken to recently was his Dom and half of those words were reprimands because he'd done something wrong. It was different talking to someone on his level, who he didn't have to show respect to. It was different with Mycroft, he seemed to act like his Dom as well as his brother. But even so, he had managed to refrain himself from rude or degrading comments, that must have been John's influence. And the simple fact that he knew if he upset Miss Adler's submissive his cock would be trapped forever.
“There are plenty of things I don’t want to do. I don’t want to sit here rock hard, having this discussion with my submissive, but here I am.”
"Not tired," Mycroft said with a groan.
When Greg came across the next roundabout, he went around it a total of 7 times, causing John to laugh. "Oh, come on, they'd be able to work out what exit we took and know where we're going. Prudence and all that."
The guards exchanged looks, not knowing if they should stop Eurus this time or not.
"Why?" She asked, moving her grip to her whole hand in his curls and yanking his head back.
Mycroft looked at the doctor. "John has recently engaged in coitus with you. Likely in the last 5 hours. He-"
The forensic scientist spun on his toe and looked towards Donovan, slightly worried.
It didn't matter what his brother said, Irene was another mistake that Mycroft would always feel guilty for where his brother was concerned. "I asked him to retrieve some photographs that were in her possession," the eldest Holmes admitted.
“Just before you go, did you figure it out...”
Sherlock sighed again, it was the wrong time to be arguing, naked in bed whilst his Dom stood in front of him fully clothed. It was a purposeful reminder that he was the sub and the ex-army doctor in front of him was the Dom.
"On the bench," John ordered, pushing him towards it.
Mycroft had successfully anticipated he arrival of the pair of them and there was fresh tea on the coffee table waiting.
"I can't believe Sherlock’s still going," Greg said with amazement. "I don't know what you're going to do with him, mate."
"I would be a fool to answer that," Mycroft sneered.
The Dom had been right that first day, where would he have gone? He could have walked for hours and still been on John’s property and five days ago he didn’t want to be here, so he would have had to have gone somewhere. Just the thought of being here had put him in a foul mood, hence why the tally had been so big. Again another difference between this Dom and the others, this one had given him not one, but two chances to make such a large tally easier on himself without backing down and letting the younger man ‘win’.
“I know you haven’t decided anything yet,” John started. “But is it something we need to speak to Finn about?” He saw his face and immediately apologised, “sorry babe I know you’re in Finn mode.”
"Not negotiable."
"If I were you, I'd stay on that stool with both feet. That means no lashing out or kicking me, is that understood?"
It made John chuckle slightly. "How far into subspace are you?"
I'm extremely sorry to have to say this. For those of you that are enjoying this story, I am glad, it's what us writers write for after all!
The Superintendent pulled back and laughed. "Is that so?"
“Yes, sir.” The word felt weird on Sherlock’s tongue, a word he hadn’t used in a very long time. “I consent to my punishment.”
"Finn... I didn't mean it like that," Sherlock said gently. "All I meant was John wasn’t needed for cooking breakfast this morning. Of course you need him. I do too. I always do."
“I’m only going to separate them,” John said encouragingly when the detective’s hands hovered in mid-air. He needed to be reassuring.
The brothers ended up being knelt opposite each other as the Doms sat.
“Not my doing, sir,” Mycroft answered.
John grinned. "Breakfast time, pet."
The ginger didn't feel like much at first, but soon enough, it started heating up and burning. It took everything Sherlock had in him not to shift his hips, but Mycroft's teeth were a very good incentive not to.
"Gay," he said, for about the thousandth time.
"It's not a tumor, John."
do, but it won't kill you for me to keep some things to myself for a while. What if I want to... I dunno, throw you a surprise party or something." That garnered another round of sudden and acute scrutiny. Sherlock put his palms flat on the table as if the gesture gave him extra leverage to stare extra hard.
John wore crimson Y-fronts trimmed in white that day, which, upon removal, revealed the light gold and and silver hairs sprouting from it. They were neatly trimmed the night before so that it was a perfect frame for a substantial cock, a light toast colour and magnificently engorged. A tentative bead of clear fluid had formed and Sherlock momentarily didn't know whether to keep looking or taste, incensed that he couldn't do both at once. Finally he began kissing around it, John's inner thighs trembling a little at his lips' light caresses. Sherlock firmed them up a bit, then gave the base a simple open-mouthed one. When he looked up, those eyes were on his. Good. John was present. Even when he closed his eyes to the sensations and started making the sweetest little noises in the back of his throat, John was with him in a way he wouldn't have been with anyone else performing this act. John was grabbing at his hair, trying not to pull it out of his head with strong, capable hands or shove himself too hard down Sherlock's throat, choking him to death. Sherlock could think of worse ways to go, if he was honest.
"We did agree," the consulting detective whined.
As predicted, Sherlock stopped them in front of Margie to pronounce the photo sent and how he looked forward to sending others if she was so inclined. She of course accepted and, as a 'joke', Sherlock pressed his lips to the cheek nearest to him and snapped a 'Selfie' before sending it. The woman to whom she was talking also wanted a photo of the happy couple and, before they knew it, they were surrounded by droves of amateur paparazzi and interviewers that followed them back to their seats, those assigned to their table sitting down now that first contact had been established.
Based on THIS(credit to whomever made this gif because holy shit)
The box contained loads of padding of the air-filled plastic variety and a large, heavy wooden box, lightly finished and carved with some sort of crest he only recognised vaguely as his family's. 'Watson' being written on the scroll beneath helped tremendously, yet he vaguely recalled from childhood, the hands holding the tree branches as well as the family motto
"I promise I won't lie."
on top of it all. They were no longer young men, either of them. Not that John's next actions supported this point, for he sprung to his feet with apologies and slightly disheveled hair, whose silvering didn't even make a dent in how youthful his face was. He hauled Sherlock to his own feet, seeming impossibly taller than himself, who had a full six inches on the condensed battle machine that was John Watson. Only now, he seemed more like a cat, a grizzled pride leader that, even in his later years no one could take down. Sherlock pushed the top half of the ring onto the appropriate finger and set the box carefully in the window sill. Only when it was stable did John grab him by the arm in order to toss him almost casually onto the bed.
"Again, you are incorrect. Your prowess notwithstanding, it took three days once he was given what he deemed 'the proper resources'. In order to motivate me further, he told Mummy and Father that there was a child, a girl, and her approximate age. The phone call I received as a result was very... loud." He extracted his phone and glanced at it with a sigh. "It seems I'm still not to hear the end of it until she-quote 'has that precious baby in her arms'-end quote." He'd read it off the screen before resting it on the chair arm still gripping it. It was the only indication that he was truly put out. "They have all been extremely insufferable about the whole thing. Sherlock has finally gotten most of his life back together and he should at least meet her."
"I, uh..." He wasn't prepared for that, but, they did know about the child and it was just like the two of them to assume he'd return. Who was he kidding? Somewhere, deep down, he also assumed he'd return somehow. "You'll have to ask your brother about that." The man in question had calmed down by now, Greg still chuckling and wiping his eyes.
John went immediately into field doctor mode. It was like falling off a bike. Within thirty seconds, he had an ambulance and her husband, who had opted out of making the acquaintances of her old public school mates in light of their recent parting of ways, on the way. His jacket was off and Margie was resting on a sofa in the corner that they'd covered with a plasticine table cover, used underneath the linen ones to help keep spills at bay. He also had almost complete privacy with some sheet-like dividers on wheels the hotel kept handy. The crime-solving duo were so in the habit of keeping rubber gloves and hand sanitizer on them at all times, that it was nothing for him to extract a pair and a small bottle, and pop them on after rolling up his shirtsleeves and coating his hands in the purifying liquid.
"Not to have my heart fucked with, Sherlock. I can't... Look I just need a bit of time, okay? It's way too awkward."
Sherlock halted a yard away, the helicopter's blades, having been silenced, turning lazily in the wind. Mycroft leaned down and explained that they would have to wait for the rushing air to die down before they could safely depart, and that it would probably be about an hour. Another person, a minion of some sort by the looks of it, began loading their things as they stood assessing each other for the first time in nearly four years. It was strange how John could still read them both like a book, Sherlock and the Detective Inspector who he was glad to see, though had no idea why he was there.
"Babe is a pig attempting to be a sheep dog on what looks like an Australian farm where no one has the proper accent."
"You are a saint, John Watson," the very pregnant Margie sighed, gratefully taking John's arm so he could help her to a chair.
"Did she just walk in or something?" Sherlock immediately went back to his phone, nonchalantly returning a text.
"I'm just kidding, Sherlock. Of course I'll stay with you, if you like."
"If the sausage fits, eh?" John mouthed his way down Sherlock's torso in a slow zig-zag pattern. Sherlock made a very convincing pig noise to which John looked up from his waist and responded, "Don't... don't do that."
"I'm sorry?" Sherlock almost never just asked, but this situation was getting away from him and he wouldn't have it.
"It seems to be...
"No," he said finally, wiping the excess on his face and returning to his former place and position. "No, some of the... the things I can't answer because Mycroft is fat." They looked at each other, then burst into helpless giggles, Sherlock's significantly more high-pitched when he was intoxicated. It was rather cute.
"What? Why?" John rolled onto his back, a muscular leg, brushed with golden hairs draping over Sherlock's and giving a great cat-like stretch that would have set him right off again if it hadn't been so soon after two in a row.
"This is important," she stressed, a serious crease to her little brow. "Uncle Mycroft."
"Yeah," was all John could say. Because he was thinking that he, for some reason, did find the whole tableau of an aroused Sherlock in particular, extremely attractive, perhaps more attractive than he'd ever found anything in his entire life. The ways in which this was problematic were covered in the thick sludge of alcoholic arousal, desire seeping into any exposed crevice.
"Sherlock-"
everything had felt before conscious thinking got involved. It wasn't like the logic wasn't sound. Sherlock was rather good at that bit, no matter how much faster his mind got to that point before everyone else's.
"Yes, well, if Sherlock has taught me anything, it was how to hide from you."
"You wouldn't be you without some sort of official experiment having to do with every aspect of your life," John smiled fondly. "Even that."
"Highly possible, yes. What actually happened? Probably not." Sherlock then launched into a detailed explanation about specific elements of the photos, the former and most recent side by side as the others were whilst he pulled out his phone, took a snap of them, and began texting Lestrade. "Conclusion," he said when he finally took another breath, "she was murdered."
"Because there's not enough blood in my brain at the moment." There. Blatant. That was more him.
The detective just ducked his head and the Dom huffed. Mycroft was nodding reassuringly though, maybe soon the sub would talk.
“I… well, yes, sir,” he knew there was no point trying to lie, but he could at least defend himself. “I knew last night and then once you offered to do it in the morning and I agreed, I kept telling myself the number over and over and then you shoved that plug up my arse and I forgot.”
“Sherlock!”
John frowned. "I don't want a toy to play with, even if we use that kind of language, babe. I want you. All of you. I want your body and your amazing brain engaged in this, otherwise it's no fun for me either."
“Ow!” Sherlock complained, pointlessly. “What's with the camera?”
"What do you think if your little brother's games, hmm?" She removed the gag and dropped it beside the kneeling man.
"But it's warm," Mycroft moaned.
"When is my brother being quiet ever a good thing?" Mycroft snapped.
Mycroft sighed, “I know, little brother, I'm sorry.” He hated that Sherlock got caught up in his affairs, it was hardly fair.
John crossed over to him and crouched down behind him. "Pet. Sherlock. Love." He placed a finger on the detective's shoulder. "I wasn't thinking. I forgot I had promised you cuddles earlier." He rubbed Sherlock's arm, trying to soothe him. "We can play another day. Right now we can be just us."
Sorry for the delay. Been crazy busy!
The Superintendent laughed. "Alright. Go to the loo. And bring back coffees."
“Sher-” the older sub tried to intervene.
Eurus seemed delighted by that and turned Sherlock's head back towards their brother. "Watch Mycie."
The kneeling man flinched. "Sir-"
John’s expression softened, but only slightly. “You may.”
. 11.83MB
“Just,” came the response. “I've had my best men on his guard duty.”
Mycroft's eyes had gone wide. He knew they would both concentrate on him exclusively now. He was tempted to go ahead and beg for mercy.
“You couldn’t have behaved better and I let you down. I’m so sorry, pet.”
Sherlock shook at the mere thought of that experience. “That sounds pleasant, sir,” he replied with clear sarcasm.
He shrugged, awkwardly, given the position of his hands.
“Or?”
“How can you possibly know that?”
"That's what our disagreement was over. More recently, he listens to me. But he won't be budged on this."
As one, the guards and Irene pulled Eurus off of Mycroft who was left panting on the floor.
“Sir,” Sherlock interrupted his Dom and took his hand in a way a Dom would take a sub’s, but despite his confidence, John could see the caution on his face as he was unsure whether he would be in trouble for such a gesture, particularly without permission. John chuckled nervously down at the long fingered, pale hand gripping his own. “You saved me from him. I thought when you left that it was your plan. You said he was there for business advice. I thought you were giving me away, but it didn’t match any of the data I had on you and only served to confuse me further. When you didn’t hand the leash to him, I knew I was still yours and would remain that way for the indefinite future. I knew you would be back. I didn’t know how long I would need to endure it, but I am so used to him that it didn’t matter… you would be back and you would get rid of him.”
"Is John forcing my brother into jeans?"
“You’re not his Dom,” she said after he had taken a few steps.
In the governor's office, the two women were watching the screen showing the brothers' cell. Irene let out a growl when she saw Sherlock.
“Before you go any further,” the Dom started, well aware his sub hadn’t been planning on doing so. “Being submissive isn’t a weakness. At times, I believe being submissive needs a stronger character than being a Dom.” That wasn’t a lie, John genuinely meant it.
Sherlock frowned. "That's not fair!"
“That wasn’t punishment, sir. That was his idea of fun. It’s what subs are for, right?”
Sherlock ran off to a small table, nearly knocking over a little boy who had appeared from nowhere.
"You won't be breaking us," Mycroft spat in disgust.
“It’s not. Your brother’s assistants packed your things, I believe, and you haven’t unpacked to know what you have, have you? Well, your microscope and violin were given to me by your brother. You’ll have to earn them.”
Sherlock's eyes took a moment to come into focus before he glanced briefly up at the Dom, not speaking. He closed his eyes again, trying to ignore the throbbing in his leg, pain had never bothered him like this before.
“Up, pet.”
"Don't," Mycroft ordered from beside him.
“You need to calm down, mate.”
"Good boy," John whispered as he ran his thumb over the head.
“Can I trust you to do the washing up alone for a moment?”
John clipped him on the back of the head, but he couldn’t help but laugh.
Irene smiled. "Yes, it certainly did." She approached Sherlock with the parachute. "Do you want to do the honours or shall I?" she asked.
“Yes, I have a Dom,” the sub said after a moment. He was thinking that the irritating woman was playing dumb rather than being genuinely so, surely no one could be that stupid? In this instance, he snorted at the thought. Maybe she could, he made himself laugh.
Right up until Greg came in carrying a tray.
"Oh, god. Sir, please. Not long, sir," Greg admitted. He knew John was going to push him until he broke and then he'd end up behaving as badly as the brothers.
John swatted at him before pushing him towards the door.
John moved around in front of the younger man and reached absently for the buckle for a moment. Locating it, he pulled out Sherlock's gag and dropped it in a bucket to be cleaned. The detective still hadn't moved, but he worked his jaw slightly where he lay still.
"But it's not fair!"
Irene unscrewed the bolts that held the ball crusher together, then, watching Mycroft's face, rolled his bollocks around until she had isolated one of his balls. She placed it between the plates and screwed the bolts back in place, tightening them until the colour left the government official's face.
"No!"
“Yes, sir.”
“On an emergency call at Barts... something the sod set up as well.”
The Superintendent closed his eyes tightly, knowing John would not let him come for some time.
"To haunt me," John muttered, moving to scrap the black bacon and snatch up the packet to pull out more.
"It is not! You ran off. I had to stop you."
She wasn't the only one who burst out laughing.
"Let me go, Lestrade!"
"I'm going to untie you now. If you fight me I'll put you back and leave you there."
John pulled Greg onto the sofa between his legs and wrapped his right arm around him, then he used his right hand to move the fleshlight at a slow, rhythmic pace.
“What do you think, Sherlock?” The doctor glanced at his boyfriend. “Reckon your dad should stick around?”
John slowly moved into the room so as to not startle the younger man, difficult with the noise his cane made, but the sub didn’t notice. He seemed miles away.
"That idiot woman!" Sherlock spat. "She's determined to get herself killed, though I don't know why I should care."
“Me too,” the doctor made them both some drinks before settling into the seat Sherlock was knelt upright beside. He was proud of the way Sherlock had deduced his favourite spot in the flat and he hadn't even boasted about that fact.
When John came in with a tray, he spotted his kneeling sub and sighed. “Come on, babe, up you get.”
“Are you?”
Sherlock shrugged slightly. He couldn’t work out if this was better or worse than the paddle he had predicted, but either way he stood up at the sink.
This chapter, despite its length of 2500 was incredibly difficult for me to write. I haven't wanted to but because of sherlockian4evr she convinced me I couldn't just leave it. The motivation I once felt for this fic has gone for reasons you guys are already aware and I only hope that it can come back.
Amy had been flicking through the instruction manual and found the ship.
"Don't bother, Lock. It's too temperamental."
. 8.98MB
“Pet, get up,” John ordered, pulling him to his feet and hugging him tightly.
He pushed his chair back and turned to face his kneeling sub, “take my shoes off, pet. Start rubbing my feet.” He needed to distract his sub without the sexual aspect of their relationship being part of it. They couldn't do that at work.
“Is it because I’m here?” Sherlock seemed to think on it a moment but eventually shook his head.
With a growl, the sub looked back down at his cock. He wanted the pegs off, but he wasn't looking forward to whatever John came up with next.
“You expect to sleep in my bed?” John hissed, pulling him back by the collar.
“I'm sorry, sir,” he managed to get out around his sobs.
“Yes, sir,” the detective repeated, staring at his knees.
“I don’t…” she stumbled for a moment and then seemed to recover by noticing John for the first time. She had only taken note of him as he had stepped forward, almost protectively in front of his sub, putting him between the younger man and this god-awful woman. “Who’s this?”
Greg smiled sadly and threw himself on the bed too. "He's your brat, you tell me."
As time progressed and Sherlock settled, John had gradually become sterner, not noticeable to start with, but that would soon change. That was how this process of training worked. He didn’t change the rules, just enforced them a lot firmer than before, the little slips that he would let slide 2 weeks ago would no longer happen. The sub knew this, they had discussed it a few days ago, he hadn’t been happy about it, but he had understood and grudgingly agreed with minimal protest. He had been more surprised that John hadn’t punished him for his abrupt and rude behaviour a few days previous and had struggled to understand what the Dom meant by saying the punishment of locking himself in a cupboard for hours on end, let alone peeing himself had been punishment enough, scheduled by the Dom or not.
Sherlock refused to look at her.
“You’re not giving me the paddle, sir?” He seemed wary, but there was something in his face that suggested he was used to reminding certain arseholes that he needed to be punished.
It was hell. A new level of hell. Sherlock sat on a tall throne in the middle of a shopping centre, surrounded by fake snow, bright and over-the-top decorations, and boisterous children and their boisterous parents. John stood beside him as ‘head elf’.
“You like…?” there was the flutter of butterflies again as John stared after the man. He briefly raised a hand to touch his nose, then shook his head and followed the detective to hopefully stop him talking to his mother about noses and genetics before she even invited him over the threshold.
“Yes.” Sherlock agreed, and John couldn’t keep from grinning when he noted the man wasn’t looking at the sky, but at him.
John felt the couch move and a familiar weight arrange itself against his side.
A few hours later John was cleared to go home by his doctor. When they arrived he received fuss from Mrs Hudson followed by stern instructions to rest this year while she got on with the Christmas dinner.
“Very Christmassy.” Sherlock said and pulled his eight-year-old into his side, an arm wrapped around his shoulders. Hamish was the spitting image of his papa – blonde hair, dark blue eyes, upturned nose.
“But you never said you were gay! I did ask, dear!” she said to John.
He unwrapped the box and inside found a few items. A framed photo of the two of them from their most exciting case of the year – they had gone all the way to Scotland for it. Sherlock’s lips quirked up at seeing John in the kilt, and in a photograph he could keep forever – what a treat! His boyfriend was incredibly sexy in a kilt, those gorgeous legs and such an ease of access...
Mrs Hudson found John making dinner on a Sunday evening. Sherlock was still out on what he called a “scientific expedition” but what John called “freezing your cock off for samples of fucking grass – no, go on your own”.
“Indeed.” Sherlock took a breath and enjoyed the hint of John Watson he could smell in the air.
“Why? It’s perfectly natural, John. You’re a Doctor, after all.” Sherlock frowned, leaning against the kitchen doorway and looking at his flatmate fondly.
“Many reasons. You’re kind but stern. You are a Doctor who went to war. You’re homely but you’re an adventurer. You have so many brilliant attributes. You suit me and my life so well. When we met I felt comfortable with you incredibly quickly. I don’t… I don’t often get along with people that quickly.” Sherlock explained “Also I like your face. And your body.”
“Papa?”
“Hello there, sleepy-head.”
“People don’t have to be smart or evil to have my attention, John. They have to be interesting.”
“Oh. Well, we don’t really have that much excess food going, considering you weren’t invited.” John frowned.
“Not my mate.” Sherlock rolled his eyes then wavered a little where he sat against the wall “My husband. All mine. Forever.”
"I'll say."
"Don't stop," Sherlock pleaded. "Please."
From that point on, John felt as if there was a great burden lifted from his shoulders, though he wasn't quite sure what the actual basis had been. When put in the special way Sherlock had of putting things, usually involving a derivative of the word 'idiot', it did seem a bit silly. And they'd shared an actual orgasm by which Sherlock didn't seem negatively affected in the least. John knew he wasn't, except for the bit where this was all nonsense, despite Sherlock's confession of... begging. To counteract the unexplained cynicism he felt coming up, he became more genuinely socially engaged. Even as he noticed Sherlock becoming less so.
John’s eyes closed automatically when heat spread from that one point of contact to the rest of his body. He let Sherlock hold him as they kissed, one large hand was rubbing up and down his stomach, causing him to shiver when he felt goose bumps rise under the contact. Every time he tried to move his arm or leg to get closer though, the nagging in the back of his mind grew stronger, bringing memories of how he broke them to the surface and above the lustful fog that covered his body.
“Manipulations will not be tolerated either, John,” Mycroft’s stern voice bled through, the grip he had on John’s hair almost a welcome pain compared to the collar. “As much as I am enjoying your insistent rebellions, I have work to do in my office today. Put these clothes on,” Mycroft said but it wasn’t a command, which John was…
If you are interested in conditioning and behavior science, which was talked about in the beginning of this chapter, here are a few interesting sites I used as reference. http://www.muskingum.edu/~psych/psycweb/history/watson.htm
“He did?” Sherlock’s face contorted slightly, trying to picture just how the words sounded coming from John’s lips, how his blue eyes would have sparkled as he read the letter. “How did he say it? Was he upset? Was he happy? Was he-“
“Listen here you twat, I-”
Things were not going as planned; in fact, they were going to shit right before John’s eyes. The Sub had thought things were going to be different now that he had the Sub Resistance on his side; in actuality though, he had never felt so alone.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, “John! John! JOHN!” Hands grabbed his shoulders and ripped him out of the nightmare. The psychotic blood stained Sherlock evaporated, bringing back all four limbs and vocal cords. John screamed, flailing his new found appendages as he was restrained by two arms and pulled back to sit in front of a warm chest. “Shhh shhh, it was just a nightmare, I’ve got you, shhhh,” he heard the dark timbre echo through his mind and the vibrations flowing from the solid chest into the back of his sweat soaked sleep shirt. “You’re alright John,” Sherlock cooed again, holding the teenager even tighter to his chest, both their legs spread out in a ‘V’ shape with Sherlock’s on the outside, extending a couple extra inches.
“That will work for a while,” John said, “but I can’t teach Sherlock how to not kill his prey with bags of blood. I can take him out hunting –”
Mycroft merely sighed and rubbed his forehead, trying to stop an impending migraine. “Is the demo after that?”
“Yes,” Mycroft answered, walking over to stand next to John. “John wants to see him before the conference.”
“I know,” he hushed him, pulling John’s head away from the warmth created between the two bodies. “It’s okay for you to be curious and get into things. That’s what teenagers do, I would never be angry about that, John. I am upset that you didn’t trust me enough to come to me first so we could do it together. Then, there would be no need for tears or you almost falling down the stairs and breaking your skull open. Really John, you and that staircase are not friends,” Sherlock chuckled, making everything seem alright again. “You don’t have to deal with these things on your own anymore, John. Do you know why?”
Sherlock was ecstatic! It felt like actual electricity was flowing through his veins. He had never felt this way, never, not in his entire life, and now John, a blood sucking vampire, brought about feelings of ecstasy.
Sirens could be heard in the distance just as Mycroft began coughing and choking. “He’s okay,” Greg shouted, sounding beyond relieved, “and he’s shivering.”
“Put it down!” John’s voice was stern, causing Mike to immediately drop the stuff from his hands and look down.
“I have been told that before, yes,” Sherlock dead panned, giving an easy smile but then his face went serious again.
He laid himself over his boy, pulling John’s arm over his neck and wrapping his arm over the small chest, intertwining their legs and pressing his nose into the sensitive skin of the lightly haired armpit of his lover. “I love you, my John,” he whispered, inhaling deeply enough that the sweet odors filled his nose and blanketing his mind until he fell asleep holding John Franklin Thomas.
“I don’t know,” John answered, turning his focus back to the boy. It was brilliant to watch as his boy, a gorgeous young man now, took an unconscious step forward so he was between Sherlock and Archie. “Probably not. Didn’t they say he was hiding the whole time?” John was desperately trying to come up with any way to keep the other boy safe.
“You have no idea what you’re getting yourself into.” John sprang up with inhuman speed, and reached down to grab Sherlock. He threw the man on the bed, chuckling darkly as Sherlock squeaked.
“Why are there three place settings?” Sherlock asked, glancing from the table to his brother.
“Indeed. We are actually in the middle of his punishment. Was there something you needed, Gregory?”
Before John knew it, the delicate sweet and bitter flavors filled his pallet and turned his eyes as black as pitch. In an instant, John grabbed Sherlock with his one free hand, squeezing the man’s throat slightly. He hissed as he flipped them over so John was now covering Sherlock entirely with his body. For a full minute, John just kept his nose and mouth right at the crook of Sherlock’s neck, inhaling the scent that was driving him mad.
Sherlock actually growled when he grabbed John’s hips and pulled him back until he was fully impaled. After five seconds, Sherlock was filling John with spurt after spurt of come, hoping the man could feel the spray inside him. A sigh fell from the taller man’s lips as he reached his long arms around John’s rope laden torso, giving him an awkward hug. He pressed his face into John’s sweaty back, smiling as he did so, then pulled out slowly.
Un-beta'd, so please forgive the mistakes.
“Funny seeing you here,” Sherlock said nonchalantly as he continued to walk closer to John. “I would have thought you’d be out hunting down Samantha Newbridges’ parents. She’s next on the list, is she not?” Sherlock said, putting all the pieces of the crime scene together. Archibald was a way to get Sherlock’s attention, nothing more.
“Can…can I see him? And my sister, and Mike?” John sat down, keeping his eyes on his plate and began picking at his now cold sausage.
“Seeing as how upsetting it was for you to be dressed in the hospital, I took the liberty of changing your clothes while you were down,” Sherlock said as he walked to the other side of the bed. He too was dressed in sleep trousers and a grey shirt, except his was much longer than Johns.
It was too late though and John had already sunk his teeth into Mycroft’s hand. The Dom’s finger was the main target, however, the older man had seen what was about to happen and tried to pull away, providing John’s teeth with the fleshy part just under the pinky. John bit in like a rabid dog, not caring about repercussions or why he would even do such a thing. This wasn’t him; honestly, the teen never thought he was capable of doing such things. When an injured animal is backed into a corner though, who knows what it’s capable of?
He slowly crept down the stairs, listening intently for footsteps from either his people or the owners of the house.
John actually let out a growl when his mind cleared, shaking his head wildly to throw of any excess Bliss. “Easy,” Sherlock said, already able to tell when the Sub was about to lose his cool. He hated it, being read that easily, though deep down he was thankful because what he was about to do would have earned him a couple of shocks from the collar around his neck.
“Sherlock!” he chastised, then refocused his attention on the lady at the front desk. “One in the same, though this little one is suffering with RDD, so we took him for his own safety.” Mycroft said, looking down at John who continued to stare at the floor.
“How is this brilliant? I mean seriously, Sherlock, you don’t even know me at all. You just see a means to learn a way to dominate more Subs.”
That being said, a lot of things have changed, so I hope you like where it is going. Also, make sure to subscribe or bookmark the new series for the next update.
Chapter 14 – Map of the Problematique
“Shhh shhh,” Sherlock cooed, reaching behind him for a cup of water. He propped up John’s head slightly and held the glass to the dry lips, “there you go, just little sips, yeah. That’s it,” he praised when slurping noises echoed through the room. When he’d had enough, Sherlock placed his head gently back down on the pillow and put the cup back. “How are you feeling, John? Any pain?”
“Greg says John’s just a stubborn little thing, but he’s really worried about him too. I can tell,” she told him, in hopes Mycroft could comfort the man.
He turned the corner and figured he had gone out of range for the shock collar to work.
“Yeah, while I was doped up!” John snapped and pulled on a pair of checkered sleep trousers. Lastly, he put on a black long sleeved shirt and hung up his towel. “You just don’t get it, Sherlock.” John shook his head and opened the door, only to be stopped by a hand on his shoulder.
The water felt perfect on his skin, warming him even more as he let it cascade down his goose bump filled body.  He stood there for a long minute under the water, thinking about last night. How kind Sherlock was to him because frankly he thought the bloke would hang up the moment he told him he was a virgin. John usually had to lie to his mates on the football team when they talked about who they bonked the night before. But Sherlock didn’t laugh, no, he was proud of him for not settling. Although he did talk about John’s inexperience, which made the teen not so much angry, but jealous that he’d never experienced the wonderful things his older friend had talked about.
John closed the small screen, which displayed Mike’s ended chat. Looking over the list of names, he decided they were either creepy old men trying to hit on kids or dull middle schoolers. He was fourteen after all and there was no way he was going to chat with a bunch of twelve year olds. Before he could close the whole browser though, an incoming private message popped up. “Footballer17?” John looked at the clock, “I’s only eleven, can’t hurt.”
“It’s okay, Jim,” John whispered in his ear as they were led into a brick building. “They’re Subs too.” Jim calmed a little at that. The darker haired boy had been found naked behind a rubbish bin, so John could only imagine how much fear Jim had for Doms.
Mycroft studied him for a moment, then spoke, his voice kind. “No, I didn’t, but one of us should have been in there with you. We are your Doms now, and it was irresponsible of me and it won’t happen again.”
“I will allow you to see Jim before the conference, but your sister and Mike are still in processing. They will be given to good homes, so all you need to worry about is being a good boy for Sherlock.”
“You’ve worked for?” Mycroft accused, “Do you think I have nothing invested in this, brother mine? Are you that ignorant? Or are you just blinded by your feelings for the boy?”
Jim felt tears prick at the corner of his eyes from the flood of emotion filling him. He had never been hugged like that before, hugged like he was the only thing that mattered at that single moment. Quickly reining his emotions back in, Jim followed Greg outside and into the car.
“Mary Morstan, twenty one years old, they’ve been dating for two years now,” Mycroft told him.
When the torture was over, John grabbed his lunch and headed to one of the tables. Alone. “Hey, look who it is!” A voice came from behind him. “It’s the little homo,” the boy laughed and John could hear at least five other boy’s laughing along. He turned to see two of his team mates and a few of the rugby players he used to hang out with. “Better watch out gents, don’t want to be in the same locker room with this one!” They laughed again, this time, a few others from the surrounding tables joined in the laughter.
The other Subs though, they would have been fine if they could find a somewhat caring Dom.
“Tell me your name,” the command came and for the first time, John felt a warm heat shoot from his spine to his limbs, compelling him to answer. He didn’t though but only because he threw his hand over his mouth and bit his tongue almost completely in half. This earned him an even wider smile, however, this one was laced with crueler intent.
“It’s okay, sweetheart, don’t you worry, we’ll get this sorted out and then you can come home,” she smiled down at him. As they walked down the hallway to God know where, John sniffed and wiped his eyes with the hand that wasn’t in his mother’s iron grip.
As Sherlock keyed in the last text, his hand gripped the mobile tighter just from the thought of anyone having eyes for John.
“He was protecting both himself and Sherlock. It was self-defense, however, that is not something my brother or I want on his record and I’m sure you would agree, yes?” There was silence on the other end. “Damn it Lestrade, do as you’re told!” he snapped more angry at himself for letting this happen than the other man who actually used his heart and morals to base his decision.
John tried not to think about Sherlock’s reaction at the crime scene. What it meant? What it could have meant? Did this mean that Archie was in trouble? Was John in trouble? Soon, his mind became overloaded with information as it always seemed to do with Sherlock. Well, that wasn’t entirely true, John knew. When he was lying in Sherlock’s arms or they were bathing together his mind never seemed to implode on itself. It was only when he thought about ways of pushing back, or even escaping from 221B that he felt like his head would explode.
There was no way he was going to tell this stranger his name, no, Sherlock definitely wouldn’t approve.
Chapter 16 – Ignorance was Bliss
“Hey there, you all right?” John asked, taking a few steps closer. The best thing about being a vampire was that he was never scared of anyone. This guy could be crazy, but it didn’t matter, he couldn’t hurt a vampire.
“Good boy,” Sherlock said, stroking John’s spine slowly. The warmth of the perfect tea and Sherlock’s touches calmed the boy’s nerves slightly, allowing him to focus better on Greg.
John started laughing at the choice of words, thinking he was the new Ian Fleming character.
Sherlock sighed deeply and began walking down the hallway towards the stairs, his long strides hard to keep up with. “You want to see what will happen to you if I can’t fix you, hmm? Want to see what will happen to every other rebellious sub who’s diagnosed with RDD if you don’t start listening to me?” Sherlock spat, anger in his voice. At that moment, John realized he had never seen the Dom angry before, hell, he’d never even raised his voice when a letter opener was centimeters away from impaling his foot.
“H-Hi,” John said dumbly, “I’m John.”
Sherlock broke John’s train of thought when he walked into the room with a ham sandwich and a glass of orange juice. He sat on John’s bed, scooting in next to him with his back resting on the head board. “Tomorrow, I will unchain you and you will drink from me slow enough that I can record the data. You will feed from me once a day so you will not take too much like this time.” Sherlock took a bite of his sandwich, then looked at John.
“I do know your hideout but I never said you told me,” Sherlock kept his eyes focused on John’s hand.
“You have? Why?” John had the slightest feeling it was because of him, but the logical side of his mind said he was just being a stupid git.
Sherlock’s pupils were blown and his hand was shaking and sweaty. “Look, if you go downstairs, bring some food up here and eat it, I’ll drink a little out of your wrist tomorrow, yeah?”
“I don’t have to do anything!” John took a step back, hoping he could make it to the door in time if Sherlock lunged at him.
Sherlock was panting by the end, but helped John to his feet and placed both hands on the side of his face to pull the younger one into another passionate kiss. When they broke free, John placed a hand on Sherlock’s chest to hold him off. “I have to go. I’ll be back after the test…I promise.” John kept eye contact, showing Sherlock he meant every word he was saying.
“I’m…okay,” Sherlock got out in a somewhat calm voice.
“What, no ‘fuck you?’” the Dom said, the words sounding strange to John’s ears. “I would prefer to get more of a baseline reading but I’m afraid I cannot allow your disobedience to go unpunished.” Mycroft ran his fingers through the teen’s hair, the pressure a bit more to indicate it wasn’t a reassuring gesture. “I guess I can’t really blame you, a Sub without a Dom to show him proper behavior and what, with your disability.”
“Your RDD, of course,” Sherlock said, not even looking at John. “Mycroft’s going to be so mad when he finds out touch worked better than that stupid collar.”
John growled, his teeth millimeters away from the hunters neck. “You brought them here!” It wasn’t a question, it didn’t need to be. Where there were two hunters, more would always come.
“You bastard,” John said, his eyes turning back to their normal blue and his teeth retracting.
Mycroft laughed to himself, mostly in relief of getting there in time but also at learning and greater understanding of his brother’s emotional attachment to John.
“My!” She said again with an even bigger smile on her face.
“You know I take good care of you. I wouldn’t let this get infected,” he rubbed his hand possessively around the edges of the plaster. That small act sent the blood John was using to keep his brain functioning, all the way down into his traitorous cock with the speed of lightning. God he hated it, but he loved it just as much, which John had no idea how that could be possible. “Someone’s eager this morning,” the man laughed, cupping him through the thin pants Sherlock had bought him online. John let out a groan as his skin became hotter, making the two ‘SHs’ glow. “Should we have another quickie…or slowie, before we start the day, John?” Sherlock began stroking his hard length through the cotton until finally, John found the will to grab the man’s hand to still his movements.
John's teenage mind doesn't think things through all the way. Irene is quite mysterious. Technology is cool.
“Did you not learn your lesson from last time?” he’d asked, positive they both knew he was talking about Victor. The young boy, who was only a year older than John was strikingly similar to Sherlock’s new obsession. Young, strong
As if sensing the touch of relief at the fact that the Dom was not hard and ready to go ‘balls to the wall’ so to speak, a deep chuckle exuded from the man above him.
(See the end of the chapter for
him to buy were by far his most cherished possessions. Always following his and John’s morning routine, the detective began stroking himself slowly, his gaze tightly fixed on the look on his boy’s face, so unsure of himself…so afraid of disappointing his best friend.
Memories of the kennels flashed through his mind. Tombstones, skinny, dirty bodies, and God awful whines were enough to make his eyes burn with tears again. John nodded his head, looking at the milky brown tea in his hand.
Thank you all so much for the kind words. I was in a really bad place in my head and your guys' willingness to stick with me and wait really helped me through a dark time. I won't go into details, but I'm still working through some things, however, I think I will be able to update once a week for both this story and the 'Strange Desires' series.
This chapter is Mycroft and John based but the next will be Sherlock and John, however, this does have some key plot points in it so I wouldn't recommend skipping it. There is punishment and discipline in this chapter but nothing extreme, however, I can't guarantee it will stay that way for long.
John watched the ceiling panels go by one after the other, noting how white they were. While he was still staring at the ceiling, something strange happened to his vision. Green text started to appear out of nowhere. “Wha’?” he tried, but his tongue felt too heavy to move.
“No, I brought some. I’ll go change,” his small voice said as he walked towards the hall way.
“Of course he will. Do you doubt my caretaking skills, Molly?” Sherlock asked, tilting his head back in faux anger.
“Hmmm?” John asked, grinning up at his husband and knew that second he had him just where he wanted.
The boy’s orgasm caused the walls inside to contract dramatically, squeezing and begging Sherlock to replace the seed that was dispensed only moments ago.
John halted him with a heavy hand on his shoulder. “No, you’re not fine, Sherlock. It’s going to hurt a bit but it’s for the best.” John reached for the hand again, but it was pulled away and dug deeply into the man’s armpit.
“Done,” Jim said after a click from the lock.
“Mr. Holmes! Mr. Holmes, don’t do this!” He heard a woman yell, but it was of no consequence. Sherlock was dead.
“Ahh, much better, wouldn’t you say, John?” Sherlock stayed like that for a while, just filling John completely until finally he rocked his hips slightly.
“They could just let all the Subs go,” John said, but his eyes were closed and he was half way down the stairs of sleep.
“No,” it wasn’t a lie, John knew, because he had gone willingly, unable to deny the magnetic draw of the man who loved him so wholly. “He drove up to the port and I hopped in and then when we got to our flat I went in all of my own freewill. Sherlock didn’t force me to do anything, I wanted everything.”
“My…croft,” Sherlock whispered from the bed. His voice sounded pained, making something inside the elder Holmes break. Mycroft looked over for a split second, then was met by a whooshing wind. John stood in front of him now, his blue eyes tired, but hyperaware.
John’s celebration was cut short though, when he was presented with a grape in front of his mouth. “Open up,” Mycroft nudged the fruit against the Sub’s lips.
John engaged his ‘Doctor mode,’ getting the sick man dressed, dragging him into a cab, and taking him to Bart’s to get checked out. As was expected, Sherlock had an ear infection and because it was not treated right away, had gone farther into the ear canal, which explained the hearing loss and sever pain that the detective was trying to ignore. “My antibodies will fight it off John,” Sherlock had told his worried husband two days ago, “now quit your mother henning and hand me my phone!”
“Yeah,” John whispered sheepishly.
“We needed to get the history report for Jim’s collar. We should be able to track where he was as long as the Resistance hasn’t take precautions for such a thing,” Mycroft said, removing his hand from Sherlock’s knee.
Sherlock inwardly sighed. He knew John wouldn’t care about those things now that he realized they were meant to be together. It would be easy to tell John, especially because it was obvious that Sebastian already knew the answers. Sherlock took a deep breath and another step closer.
Chapter 12 – Blue Eyes
“That’s what the drugs made me think, Jim, you know that. When a Dom triggers these fucking things,” John hit the back of his neck, wincing when he made direct contact on the little bump, “it messes with our minds. That’s why it’s not safe to be around them, who knows wh-“
With red tinted cheeks, John stood up and, to show a little rebellion, sat down in a chair by the door. This earned an aggravating chuckle from Sherlock, who was petting Molly’s head. John tried not to glare and acknowledge the man was right, so instead he rapidly licked at his ice cream.
Suddenly, Sherlock’s nose scrunched up and his head pulled away from the boy’s legs.
John let out a sigh of relief when he saw all four kids standing outside the back door. Then, in one swift move he grabbed the coat full of loot and leapt onto the grass of the backyard. “Holy shit, John that was so close! Did you see that? Someone woke up, I thought we were goners, for sure!” Harry laughed, slapping John hard on the back.
“I want to call Mycroft,” John said, his tone sterner than the detective thought was possible. Even though the fierce look on the boy’s face looked adorable, what with his tiny nose and the lines trying to form on his brow, Sherlock kept a serious face as he stared back him. His brother was the last option, Sherlock decided, it would be best to try and defuse the situation on his own. If Mycroft got involved now, he would be checking in every week and possibly have one of his minions act as surveillance for the couple.
“Not today,” John said, shoving his slicked finger into Sherlock’s tight hole. The man stiffened for a moment, but when John wiggled his finger around, Sherlock let his hands fall to his sides. The man moaned below him and started to hump the bed, giving his aching cock much needed friction. “Like that, do ya?” he smiled and added another slicked up finger.
Sherlock was about to tell Mycroft about the tracker, when a knock came from the front door. His hope wanted it to be John, but the image on his phone indicated his boy was in some sort of warehouse ten kilometers away. He went to the door and opened it to find a manila folder. “Hold on,” Sherlock said to his brother as he picked up the folder and pulled out the contents.
“I’ve got him. I’ll tell you when to stop, just come here.”
“Trouble seems to follow you, John Watson,” Sherlock grinned.
“Get out of here,” John smiled at his sister, trying to hide his worry from them both. If Molly was really inside the house, there was no way she hadn’t been caught. He was John Watson, though, and John Watson never left a man behind, well, a man or a little girl. The two teenagers ran off towards Mike and John watched them go, praying and hoping they would be okay without him. He dropped the black coat to the cold ground and headed back towards the house.
“Three, two, one,” someone said. Then, something akin to a burning knife stabbed into his skull and John blacked out.
On a whim, Sherlock picked up the naked boy, carrying him over to their bed. “Hey, I can walk you know,” the teen scoffed but they both knew he didn’t mean it.
“It appears that way, yes,”
“Ahhh!” John heard someone groan from down the alley way. That’s when he smelled it, blood. John slowly made his way down between the brick walls to find a young man, who appeared to be homeless hunched over on the ground.
He glanced over at Sherlock, who, as usual, was murmuring to himself and engrossed in his microscope.
Just an fyi, the next chapter will be Sherlock's POV when they meet. Then, John's will be when they "meet" (if you catch my meaning). However, I am debating whether I should write a parallel chapter for the "meet" with Sherlock's POV as well. I think it will be interesting to see the contrast in their perceptions of the sexual encounter, so I will most likely add that extra chapter before the ending.
Enjoy and thanks for all the kudos and comments, they really make my day. Thanks to TPurr for beta'ing this chapter(:
“Quiet, boy!” Mycroft didn’t even look at him but his hand in the pocket where the collar remote was housed, was threat enough. John shut up. “You dropped him, unconventionally and carelessly I might add, and then you leave him in a room by himself. Not to mention you retrieved zero information about the others, even when you had him under? This information is more important than your little experiments, Sherlock!” Mycroft growled at his brother, who looked quite pleased with himself rather than terrified.
“Ahh!” Greg gasped, but didn’t dare pull away from the hungry vampire.
“What does the video show?” Mycroft asked his assistant, getting into the backseat and ordering the driver to take them to Baker Street.
Sherlock is mentally unstable and a pedophile, I do not condone any type of pedophilia or child abuse, nor do I 'get off on it.' this is just a story that I came up with after watching a movie called 'Trust.'
And Sherlock was standing right in front of the barrel.
Thankful that Sherlock had abandoned the conversation, John hurried out of the room and down the stairs to face whatever Mycroft had planned for him. He recalled the time Mycroft had put soap in his mouth when he cursed too much, and wondered how the punishment would fit the crime in this instance.
“Fascinating,” Sherlock clapped his hands once, then rubbed them through his hair.
Fighting his freezing appendages, John stretched out his hand and,
“You can create your own bliss. You don’t need some Dom to do it for you. Just concentrate, you can do it.”
“Ah!” John shouted and swung his body to try and get away from the searing pain. He knew there would be a large, possibly bloody mark that would need cleaning, and only God knows how hard it is to clean a wound on your arse by yourself. That would be another thing John would be dependent on Sherlock for. They were stacking up left and right and that’s just the way the Detective liked it.
“My-My trousers?”
“Nothing, I just wanted to cook for us and soup sounded good. I kind of ruined the first batch though because the milk curdled but this one should be fine.” The boy smiled, embarrassed at his stupidity but knew she would find out anyway and thought it was best to get it out in the open.
Suddenly, he was being flipped over, his casted leg and arm settled in a new position but he couldn’t feel any pain coming from the injuries. “As you wish John,” he heard Sherlock whisper from behind him and that’s when he felt wet fingers circling his arse. He was still sore from the days before but soon he found his new position allowed him to thrust his frustrated cock against the sheets in an attempt to relieve the pressure. When a finger slipped in, it didn’t hurt but still felt strange and foreign to him but that was okay because the sight of his orgasm was near, so, so near.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ll see,” the tall Sub said. “Just behave and everything will be fine.”
“You know exactly what that means,” John let out a small laugh but his face stayed focused on the screen.
“Well apparently,” John said, already pissed that he was missing one of the most important exams of his life. He had been through a lot of these kinds of things with Mycroft, so honestly, John wasn’t that frightened. If he died, he died and if Sherlock came to save him, they would have mind blowing sex for 24 hours straight.
I hope you enjoy!
John was able to get himself dried off with only a little help from Sherlock. It seemed the man didn’t care when John slapped his hand or growled at him, as Sherlock just continued on rubbing the towel over his bits. When he was done, he refused to ask Sherlock for help in putting on his pants and trousers, even though he fell down twice trying to get them on. Once he got all his clothes on, John rubbed his hair down with his hands to look half way presentable when Greg arrived.
Sitting at the dinner table, John slowly ate the beans and toast his mother had made for him. His mind was at war with itself trying to let the day’s events sink in, not knowing how to feel or what to think. On one hand, he was the happiest he’d ever been after making the varsity team, knowing that now he would make more friends and maybe be considered one of the cool kids for the rest of his high school career. Then, Sherlock, who he already considered one of his closest friends, confessed that he was really twenty two years old.
The young Dom was typing continuously into his mobile while simultaneously balancing a sleeping six year old on his lap. It was quite a sight to see Sherlock’s elbows balanced on Molly’s back, while the little Sub slept peacefully. John smiled slightly, glad to have seen Molly, and even more glad that she was healthier than he had ever seen.
“John,” Mike spoke up, “are you feeling alright?”
John paled at the younger brother’s words. This ride was getting worse and worse and he had no idea how to get off and even if he did, they surly wouldn’t let him.
“What!?” John snapped, trying to roll over and face the stupid git, but was stopped by a firm hand on his back.
Before he even knew Sherlock was sending wave after wave of Bliss to him, John was boneless in the man’s arms. “Nnngg,” he tried but even his tongue wouldn’t work.
John was about to fall over the edge when suddenly, the pressure and warmth was gone, bringing a whine from his lips.
“Alright, I’ll be here by the doors if you need anything,” the driver replied as he leaned up against the wall and checked his watch.
Chapter 5 – Bedroom Hymns
Suddenly, John’s body moved on instinct to walk over and kneel beside Mycroft’s bed. He pressed the top of his head against the Dom’s hip, while his face lay comfortably on the mattress. Why he was in this position, John had no idea, but somewhere deep inside him it felt right; especially when a hand rested on the side of his head, rubbing a thumb over his ear and short sideburns.
He rubbed his pale hands over the boy’s exposed ribs, deciding they were only bruised and placed a soft kiss to each protruding bone, smiling when goose bumps began to form from his touches. Then, he moved onto John’s left wrist, feeling along the bones to find only minor tears in the little ligaments between. Another smile spread crossed his face, knowing this was the first time he would have real control of John’s mind and memories. If he told the teenager his wrist was broken instead of only slightly injured, then what choice would John have but to believe his one and only lover?
John immediately stopped moving on the bench, save for the slight shifting of his weight when the car turned. “Where are you taking me?” John asked through the hood over his head.
“Jim! Jim, where are you?!” he shouted over the blazing flames. Luckily, the flames hadn’t totally engulfed the rooms yet, but only formed small patches that John could mostly avoid. He made his way to Mycroft’s study to see a small black dome sticking up from behind Mycroft’s desk.
“Of course I liked it,” John explained, “but I don’t even remember you changing my clothes. The last thing I remember was kneeling down and eating a few bites of pork. The rest is just a blur.”
“And if I say no?”
“Why….why you do that?” John asked dumbly, his mind floating away as the ground disappeared below him.
Please check the updated tags and I hope you enjoy the chapter.
“Sherlock, you have to put them in, if you don’t the infection will only get worse. Now, quit behaving like a child!” John had one hand on his hip with the other holding up a bottle of prescription ear drops, glaring at his stubborn husband, who was huddled up on the couch. It had taken John five days to talk, well…more like force, Sherlock into going to see an Otolaryngologist. The final straw was when John had asked him what he wanted for dinner the night before. No answer came and then the blonde realized he wasn’t being ignored by the detective, which was usually the case, but Sherlock actually couldn’t hear him.
Sherlock reached up and grabbed the hunter’s collar, pulling him down so his ear was closer. “I just had the most mind blowing sex ever,” he said, a wide smile on his face.
“Shh, John, shh,” Sherlock said calmly, waiting for the boy to tire out. He didn’t though, and tried to reach for his mobile that had fallen on the ground in their scuffle. Sherlock quickly pulled John’s hands down so he could use his knees as weights while his hands remained free. When John was secure, he grabbed the phone and flipped it to recent calls.
“This guy can’t be serious, can he?” John whispered to himself, not sure how to respond to the older boy’s text. Finally, he decided cheeky sarcasm would be the best way to go and finished typing as he ran towards Mike.
Predictable as always, the man flipped the switch to turn out the light, but when it didn’t come on he reached in his pocket to find his mobile to use as a flashlight. The five seconds this provided was all Sherlock needed to pull the rope, releasing the net to fall on Bells’ head.
“What is the meaning of this?” John asked, shifting his eyes from Sherlock to the instruments of torture.
As he looked through John’s file, Mycroft sighed at the picture of the young innocent boy who had no idea what he’d just stepped into. Blonde hair, blue eyes, athlete, decent grades, virgin, father: deceased, mother: a closet alcoholic, homosexual interests: 79%, heterosexual interests: 20%, asexual interests: 1%, isolated, and lonely…yes, John was the perfect lamb for the black wolf to grab by the throat and drag into its cave. What, with the promise of a better life, to be cared for and protected, a little mental manipulation, and there was no denying his little brother’s sexual attractiveness, especially to a young boy still discovering himself, physically and emotionally. When Mycroft looked down at that page of statistics, he knew John Watson didn’t stand a chance.
“Shh, John, it’s alright.” Sherlock cooed to him as he petted a hand though John’s blonde hair. “This is for the best. You’ll understand when you’re older.”
With another good sniff, John’s eyes grew dark and his fangs dropped. The threat was here, at his door, near his vampire and humans. John growled low in his throat and disappeared into the shadows of the little cabin. He would wait for the best time to strike, just like he was taught by his sire.
“Okay,” the boy said, worrying his lip. There was just so much going on. He needed his Dom there. Jim had never realized how much he needed someone to take care of him, someone to make him feel whole.
“John,” Greg furrowed his brow, trying to understand what had set the normally non-violent Sub off. “I’m not going to shoot you, okay. All I want you to do is put the scalpel down so we can figure out what’s got you so upset.”
“I see,” the voice chuckled behind him, which created goosebumps on the boy’s skin at the thought of making his Dom laugh. “What if I ‘asked’ you to tell me about the others, hmm? Would you do that for me, John?”
“When can I talk to Greg?” John asked as they made their way to the table.
The man smiled, like John saying yes was the greatest thing in the entire world. “Wonderful, come on it’s right here. You go ahead and get it, I’ll find another towel and flannel for you.” Sherlock pointed to the door down the hallway for John to go into, while he went in the room opposite. The boy walked into a huge bedroom with a master bed, perfectly made John noticed, with a ruby colored comforter and a bunch of pillows nicely organized at the head. He smiled and walked shyly into the bathroom that was connected to the bedroom, to find a huge tub and walk in shower big enough for five people.
After going downstairs, making a few turns past the kitchen and what looked like a huge empty room, they finally made it to Mycroft’s office. The door was shut behind him and John felt even more trapped than he had on his knees being shocked to tears. His eyes darted across the room, looking for any possible exit if need be but the only obvious one was the door, which was now closed and had Mycroft standing in front of it. “Now, I know you are used to living on your own, or as rumor has it with a choice few other Subs, I understand that you see no need in restraining yourself. However, as my Sub-“
Although, he had never expected his parents to ship him off because the Sub Receptor on his nape didn’t work right.
He laid there, his trousers half way down his legs and his come stained hand rubbing over his full belly, until finally, Sherlock began to stir. John put himself back in his pants and sat up to hover over Sherlock. A steady heart beat filled his ears, providing John with much needed relief. He was worried his vampire had got the best of him and he had taken too much blood.
“And what do you propose we do when we get to your little cabin,” John asked, running his hand through a sleeping Sherlock’s hair. It wasn’t going to be easy, that was for sure. But John was confident that he could train Sherlock to control his hunger to a point where he didn’t need to kill his victims to feed. They would need blood though, lots and lots of blood to sustain Sherlock’s newly changed body, and John needed to eat too unless they wanted another incident like Baker Street.
“I swear, you are becoming more like those animals you hunt, every day,” Mycroft said, staring at the tip of his umbrella as it twirled against the floor.
Thankfully, she laughed and sat down across from her son, making ‘yum’ sounds as she smelled the garlic bread. “That’s alright, love, this smells delicious. So how was your day at school?”
“I know,” Sherlock said, because he did know. It was in a vampire’s very nature to kill humans for their blood, just like it was his to track them down and ram a stake through their heart. With that, he pulled the trigger, launching a stake at high speed through the beasts blood hungry heart.
“I crushed it about two kilometers away,” Mike lowered his head, still kicking himself for something.
On the first page was a picture of a man in his mid-thirties, with blonde hair, and a kind looking face.
Mycroft opened the door to let Greg inside, then closed it. Greg had a large Styrofoam box in his hand and a grim look on his face. As soon as the man stepped into the room, Sherlock smelled the blood inside the box and began to growl. There was so much, so, so, much and it was all right there for him and his sire.
“John?” He made his voice sound as light as possible with a hint of hesitation to make his John more comfortable.
For better or for worse, he loved Sherlock, loved what he did to him, how he made him feel, how he never had to be fake around the older man. It was easy and it was nice, and John decided he was the one making his life miserable, not Sherlock. Yes, he loved Sherlock, but most of all, he needed him.
For how confident John was and how much he despised living for eternity, he sure as hell was not ready to die by a stake in the heart. And this….this HUMAN just tried to kill him and was probably going for Sherlock next!
“John,” Sherlock wheezed, pushing at the vampire who held him down easily.
It was two o’clock in the morning when John was startled awake by a searing pain just above his left shoulder blade. His eyes flew open in panic while his hands and feet scrambled to get away from whatever was piercing his back. A loud scream, sounding nothing like his voice, echoed from John’s throat when a heavy weight on his back kept him locked, belly down, on to the bed. “Sherlock!” Were the first words out of the youth’s mouth, praying that the only man who could save him from this torture wasn’t the cause all along.
“or John,”
“First of all, Molly is fine. She is safe and being well looked after by a-umm…by a Dom.” John said, looking down at the ground. He didn’t know why he was acting ashamed, but he couldn’t stop from aimlessly kicking his feet against the ground.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft sighed at his brother, “they want you on the Council. You should be honored.”
“Well, well, so Moriarty was right, after all,” a tall, skeletal man, with thinning gray hair said smugly, looking around the room in disgust. “Humans, hunters no less, harboring vampires. I thought I saw potential in you, Lestrade.” Without a second glance, the hunter shot Greg with some sort of dart.
“What does that mean?” John asked, feeling a little bit more lucid, even though Sherlock’s hand seemed to get lower and lower every time he stroked his chest and belly.
“As you wish,” Sherlock said.
“No John, when they ask you what happened, you tell them you didn’t see anything because you were hiding under the covers, tell me you understand,” he held on to John, stroked his hair for what he knew would be his last time. “I’m going to text Mycroft now, okay,” Sherlock grabbed his mobile from his pocket.
He thought to himself as he put on the clothes he came in with and pulled the three pairs of briefs and two shirts into his arms, heading towards the queue.
Throughout the years it had proved much harder than he first anticipated to keep eyes on John. Not because of his inadequate network, the homeless men and women had never let him down, but it was Mycroft who intercepted their communication. The last bit of information he’d gathered on his John was that the boy was still living with his mother at seventeen but after that, Sherlock had no idea what John was doing now.
"What? That would be ridiculous!"
, but he was wrong. Asking that question, in that tone, made him seven years old again, Mycroft leaving for boarding school. He'd never forgive himself.
"I just... I... No. Never mind. None of my business." Sherlock's eyes opened a bit further.
"That she will. She's always thought we were a couple, if you remember when she first met me."
"Would you believe that I care for you?" John finally marked his place with his left forefinger and looked at him for a long time, sapphire, platinum, and honey eyes seeming to heat whatever they touched.
"Love
"Right." They swayed easily for a moment to Berlin's Take My Breath Away and Sherlock, as unfamiliar as he was with the tune, closed his eyes and rested his forehead on John's as his long fingers laced around the back of John's neck. The smaller man lightly, lovingly rubbed the lower back of his partner. Sherlock even exhaled once in a way that was more pronounced than his other breathing. Once more, the utter contentment he felt was only interrupted by the fact that this was all an illusion, the extra affection in this case most likely a jealous response for Marceline's eyes. Sherlock had always been rather jealous of John's time. He knew it came of his being the best friend the man never had. And of course the loveliest of things usually were a fallacy in some form. He had to say something before he got sucked too far into it. Again. "Now it's my turn to ask what's wrong and tell you to stop moping."
"Of course it's not."
about Sherlock being gone. The look he received in return told him Sherlock had come to the same conclusion, and that it was very much a good thing.
"I see." Sherlock looked a bit far away, but thankfully didn't remove his hands, so John knew he was still listening, just going into analysis mode.
"You do that all the time and I usually correct you, don't I?"
"I meant my answer," Sherlock replied, and John let out a relieved breath and made sure this time.
"I don't know what you were going to say?"
still remained firmly in place, nearly choking him and pounding in his chest, but in a strangely positive fashion despite the discomfort. Then, John did the thing he always did, the thing that made these feelings surge. He explained. "It was cute and spontaneous but... it lacked..." he gesticulated for a moment, searching for the correct word, "passion."
"Sh. Don't speak. Just trust me, love." He instantly stopped struggling, fully resigned to whatever fate awaited him at the sound of the endearment in John's voice. Not only did the consulting detective think himself incapable of the emotion, he never thought, in all his years of observation and study, that he would love anyone the way he loved John, this compact, former Army doctor with skin that spoke of how his time on tours in the desert still stayed with him, and deep ocean eyes that saw into his core. He cursed John for reopening the wound that was his romantic heart, leading it into all sorts of trouble with wasted fantasies about sailing tropical waters with him.
"For," he murmured.
"I... you'll have to... help me."
They knew what they were doing. They almost always did. Maximum amount of pain, minimum amount of internal damage. He was brought to the brink of death, sometimes tipped enough to fall over into it, but was always yanked back before hitting bottom, before it was permanent. It became tedious in and of itself so, when he was only being worked over with crude instruments, he would take it, internalize it, and roll his eyes until his captors grew tired enough to be manipulated.
"Well, whatever you come up with, no drugging or behavioural conditioning to make him more susceptible to accepting you."
"Sherlock, no," he said, his eyes dancing(how can eyes
"This was all my mother's doing," he said airily.
"But I wanted to keep a piece of you for myself, even if no one else knew it was. I knew you wouldn't have room for a... a child, that we wouldn't be safe in the same place all the time. So I left Baker Street. I hadn't any idea what to tell Mrs. Hudson but apparently you'd sorted that already. It was unsafe for us to stay. So, I wasn't trying to hide from Mycroft alone. I just knew if Mycroft knew anything about my whereabouts everything would come to light and I wouldn't be able to protect even this last bit of you." John's hand wanted badly to go to Sherlock's face. It was more careworn, his heart light damaged a bit from things John imagined he suffered while away, but it was still unequivocally
“We are. Just. Not at work. Busy thinking at work… he distracts me. He’s got a very pretty bum.” Sherlock grinned “But no… we are open. He holds my hand. We go to dinner. It’s nice. I like having a husband. I never thought I’d have one.”
“I’m not stupid, John.” She rolled her eyes “Why are you pretending you’re just friends?”
“You are already on the side of the bed I’d prefer you to be.” Sherlock explained, resting his head into the big pillow.
“Yes.” Sherlock stated.
“Despite my own belief system in these festive events, John, it may surprise you to know that I don’t wish to spoil it for young minds.” Sherlock said.
“I want to continue this.” Sherlock said softly.
“Ohh, my favourite!” Hamish clapped excitedly and skipped off to the living room.
“Of course. We must do this again!” John said “Now, how about that coffee?”
The image of John dragging Sherlock’s slack body out of the River Thames was imprinted on the back of Greg Lestrade’s eyelids as he walked up the stairs of Baker Street. Seeing the tall, snarky, intelligent man lying pale and cold to touch on the rocky shore of the river had twisted his stomach into knots. Thank goodness for John’s medical skill and strength, not only was he quickly retrieved from the water in which their murderer of the week had pushed him, but he was roused and cared for. Greg remembered running down the steps to get to them and seeing John with Sherlock’s head in his lap, talking quietly to him and the barely conscious man looking back with an expression of pure gratitude. It was late in the day, but he had promised to drop by again. Earlier he’d helped John get Sherlock to Baker Street (the man had refused A&E and John felt like he was fine to look after him himself) but had to go back to the station to write up some reports after. Once it was all done and Greg had clocked out for the evening, he sped across town to check in with them.
The two stood in silence for a moment before John finally said “You don’t talk about it much.”
“NO! I HATE SANTA!” he yelled.
“It’s Christmas!” Hamish announced as he, Amelia and Ava came running in excitedly.
Saturday afternoon came, and Sherlock was slouched on the sofa reading an article on his phone.
Harry and John offered to, and when they made their way to the kitchen she said “You still owe me an extra Christmas present.”
“I’m ready.” Hamish walked into the room, a festive Christmas jumper on.
“Harry’s alcoholism. Mum doesn’t like to acknowledge it and Dad was always a bit of a bulldozer when it came to things like that – he liked to tackle things head on. And Dad’s a big family man, so he never really understood me wanting to fly off to Afghanistan, or spend years living far away at uni training to be a Doctor when I could’ve done it close to home. Mum’s a bit of a secret adventurer though, so she fought my corner.” John smiled fondly.
“Uhh… well, it’s the twenty fifth of December. I don’t know what calendar you’ve got up in your mind palace, but I think it might be wrong.” John chuckled awkwardly “But anyway, you wait here. Don’t move.” He bounded up, pulled on a pair of boxer briefs, ones with little reindeers printed on them, and left the room in a flash.
The question of what he was doing was soon answered as a classical Christmassy melody flowed from their speakers.
“Merry Christmas, John.” Sherlock stepped into the room with Hamish by his side and Alfie on his front.
John happily agreed to meet up with her niece to introduce her to London that weekend, so she went downstairs and was straight on the phone to her “Tracy! Yes, darling, he said yes! Oh you’ll love him, he’s quite a catch! Ex-army, currently working as a Doctor at a GP surgery. I’ve told you lots about him already, I’m sure… he said this Saturday. Pop over in the afternoon, we can have some tea then you two can hit the town!”
“I’m so sorry. I know you love Christmas. I was distracted by the case and my experiments, and we only put the tree up the other day. I thought there was more time. You know time is just a construct-“
“A big lion!” Amelia gasped.
“Santa isn’t real, is he?”
“She’s not ordinary, John.” Sherlock frowned.
Hamish was quiet for a moment, just looking across the table at his father’s many experiments “Pa, is Christmas not going to be as fun now I know?” he worried.
"Maybe we should have done that in the house," Greg pointed out.
The doctor burst out with a belly laugh. "You don't want me to reciprocate?"
"Yes, sir," Sherlock's voice was small but a tad more confident than it had been a few minutes before. That was some progress at least.
“Whatever.”
“Individually? It would be easier if I-“
The brothers shared pointed glances, but there was a clear message there. Cuddles meant too much. Deciding on the spot, they both charged at their boyfriends at full speed.
“Now! Or I will.”
Mycroft nodded. "Yes, but just every three days or so. It's the least I can do to give her peace of mind. She worries about me."
The boy’s head snapped up.
"Oh, darling, it did, but then you kept texting me leading me on. What was a girl to think? Then you dumped me for your doctor friend!"
The detective smirked at that. “It was Dad’s fault. He insisted on sitting on the edge.”
"Mycroft, you can't put that on him," Greg stepped between them.
Sherlock’s hands slipped behind his head immediately. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”
John heard another “sorry” as he pressed one hand down on his sub’s neck to keep his head from thrashing around. He used one of his own legs to cross over Sherlock’s thighs.
John hid his surprise that time as he let his hand fall, not as hard as he had planned this morning when he had first woken the brat up.
"Close, but no cigar, I'm afraid. I know his mentor's style. Also, he has an interesting surname."
"John," came the woman's smooth voice as if right out of the photo, the 'J' ever so slightly softened by the French inflection embedded in her language centers in the womb.
John didn't know what made him RSVP to his twenty-fifth school reunion. Not that he'd had a hard time there back then. In fact, it was quite the opposite what with his penchant for attracting popularity but somehow avoiding the drama that came along with it. Nothing was ever handed to him, mind, yet when he took his fair share he was usually acknowledged in a positive light. Truth was, he was unsure how to present his massive success, as it wasn't success in a manner understandable by most.
John backed up completely to the delicious sound of an involuntary grunt of frustration in order to pour lube into his right palm from the small bottle he'd pilfered with the cuffs. Sherlock often tried to get him to engage in sexual activity in semi-public, high off of one victory or another, or unable to clear his mind sufficiently and so pulling him into an alley or dilapidated building or something because he was unable to wait until they got home. He said 'tried' because John would only let it go but so far. A quick orgasm was one thing but John would never fuck or be fucked by Sherlock outside of their home, wherever it was at the time. Only in the guest bedrooms or en-suite of a place they were actually visiting and not a crime scene, did he let it get that far. However, John decided just now, that it was one of his best bargaining chips as well as a worse punishment than the silent treatment, shouting, forcing him to solve boring cases, and booby traps combined (he'd had to set one on gifts he was trying to keep secret several times but was pretty sure they'd been breached anyway. However, Sherlock sufficiently annoyed at it was its own reward).
"Explain what?"
"So our being in love is... logical?"
"Do you mind?" Again, coherent thought was difficult as John got the drip with his tongue. He was pointing with his dominant left hand.
"We should continue this discussion at home," he stated not quite understanding the tiny spark of reluctance that surfaced at the words. Yes the bed was comfortable but it wasn't their flat. Besides, whatever it was, it didn't really have to do with that bit. Sherlock agreed yet remained where he was for several more minutes as if waiting for something. The theory was confirmed just as John was about to go in for another kiss, when a knock sounded at the door.
"That's an order."
After a second orgasm for both of them, John passed clean out for a brief period, not even budging when Sherlock took a warm cloth to both of their emission-laden bodies. He then gathered John to him, unable to stop lightly touching his lips to skin until he fell asleep himself. He had an experiment to tend to but couldn't bring himself to leave the bed, calculating its probable outcome until his brand new lover woke long enough to use the facilities. Sherlock was up in a flash, back to work, wrapped in the sheet. John had put his clothes back on and wandered past him. But Sherlock halted him, grasping his wrist and kissing the inside of it before tugging him down for a proper one. The fact that he could still smell himself on John was the most erotic when they kissed unflinchingly, tasting each other in their mouths. They shared a satisfied smile before John shuffled off to his room to find clean clothes before having a shower.
"I've... no idea whatsoever. I saw it on one of the many forums and gave it to the owner of this establishment as our special password. Something about 'ships' and 'partners' or something. Perhaps it's a pirate thing." John's expression was that of complete understanding with an undertone of something else. Wonder, perhaps? Sherlock disliked not knowing something, especially about John. There was a hint of his usual awe that surfaced when Sherlock performed some trifling feat of logic, but that wasn't quite it. Whatever it was, John was seriously thinking about something. And doing that thing with his lips again whilst staring into Sherlock's face, wasn't helping Sherlock think at all.
"What is on your chain?" He changed the subject quickly, indicating the thin silver necklace laden with small charms.
"Touché."
"Is that what
"Mm," Sherlock agreed, then pointed to the certificate. John carefully lifted it and at first murmured the words as he read them, voice climbing in volume as he continued.
"What a good boy," he crooned out of nowhere, laying his hand on the side of Sherlock's face a bit too hard to just be a pat. To worsen things, he just slid himself down, lifting Sherlock's shirt and yanking down his pants, soiled with his emissions, then proceeded to drag his tongue over the part of the mess the fabric of his underwear hadn't soaked up. Sherlock was just finished being sensitive, even softening slightly, until John dragged his tongue over and around the head of his penis. He dropped his mouth down over it and pushed his hands up under his tee shirt to manipulate his nipples flesh to flesh. Less than ten minutes later, he was shooting the remnants of his seminal fluid into John's mouth, begging him, but unable to distinguish if it was to stop before he hated himself or to never stop because his mouth was perfect.
The first revelation hit Sherlock then.
"I guess it is," John said, then bent down as Sherlock leaned up for a brief kiss. The man on the floor held him there, their lips pressed together, for a long moment.
"But Daddy calls me Honeybee."
"I suppose one must be ready at all times for science."
Mycroft left them so John could change into something more appropriate in which to experience his anticipatory terror. He didn't have much of a wardrobe anymore and had at first decided on the one nice suit he kept for whatever occasion might require one. He then figured, if he was going into this extremely uncomfortable situation, he was going to do it comfortably. He did put on his nicest dark denim jeans and shoes the color of darkly finished pine. A white button-up under his diamond patterned red and blue jumper that all women said brought out his eyes went on top. He adjusted his watch, that had a face that matched the baby's heart pendant, his only luxury item and stepped out after making sure everything was ready, just as a strange sound came into range. It was a far away rumble, but not an approaching storm. He instructed his daughter to sit as he went to the door to investigate.
"She wasn't in here when we started," Sherlock attested, then stood up and buttoned his jacket. John automatically stood as well, though he'd planned on doing so anyway and once again marveled a little at how in tune he was with the other man.
). It was a pink divot about the size of his thumb pad, surrounded by a labyrinth of tendrils, radiating outward like some sort of crystal formation. He knew John didn't think so at the time but it was a miracle no bone fragments pierced his heart.
and brief glare he received from colliding with Sherlock's stomach with a magnanimous smirk. The satisfaction only lasted as long as it took for him to open it, to see the route clearly marked in bright green highlighter.
ridiculous. But seriously, it was enough to be platonic. I didn't think you'd ever return more than platonic feelings for me." Ah! The confession of previous feelings, despite- oh! He was talking again. Best to pay attention. "But to stand before our loved ones and the universe and pledge ourselves to each other... that's a really big deal for me; bigger than some really good kissing. I mean, we're not past the point of no return yet and I'm afraid that if-" John sighed forlornly and it was heart-wrenching, but not as agonisingly harrowing as when he used skilled doctor's fingers to brush a raven curl off of Sherlock's brow. "Look, this is more than I ever thought would happen, and it's enough. Okay?"
I actually would be embarrassed. I take back everything I ever said about the mustache." John's laughter echoed against the tiles and Sherlock stormed out of the kitchen to throw himself haughtily into his chair. The man had no right to do all those things he did that made Sherlock feel. Emotions were so very useless to him and he wished they could be removed so that he could get on with The Work. But, no, he had to spend precious brain power being angry about John needing air after an argument turning into a mission for Mycroft in a classified location. He had to further worry about John's safety regardless of the fact that it was meant to be a benign assignment. The worrying bit lead to him breaking his protest fast, as he began snacking on leftover takeaway as he was rotted from the inside by watching some horrid television program rerun. The rather large, homely Scottish woman with all the cats had at least
"Good morning, Honeybee."
"No, everyone was staring at us and I wanted them to stop. As open-minded as some of these claim to be, even those who only feel that way toward others with some sort of power and/or celebrity that may be exploited in their favour, a gay couple publicly snogging will make them look away eventually."
I tried to write smut but it came out less "filth" and more "verbal diabetes".
"What's all this then?" John asked.
"I love it when you do that, Babe," John said truthfully, smiling up at him, and turned for yet another pleasant kiss. It was actually quite provocative, Sherlock talking that quickly, passionately flexing his big, beautiful brain. They were soon joined by Margie and a woman to whom Sherlock had been introduced as Jessica. They were on their way to the cue for the bar right by where the two men stood.
"I will show you. If... you can find it in you to come back to London." John was astonished to think that he would actually just take what he could get from Sherlock, downgrade himself to exclusively platonic status if Sherlock would just admit he wanted him there. Then he leaned his high, pale forehead against John's and things went blissfully blank for a moment. "I am... sorry."
"You laugh," actually they both did at the moment, "but it's not far from the truth. Seeing you impassioned ... gets me going."
"I mean there's already a 'Johnny' and a 'Sian'. Perhaps there's also a 'Johann' and a 'Jonas'."
"For once, not what I was talking about."
"I had to do something to calm you down enough to think clearly," Sherlock explained. "Frankly, I can't believe you didn't think to look for that earlier, old fashioned as you are." John thought that was the last straw, but he was sorely mistaken. Because with the play of long, pale fingers on a few buttons, Sherlock coaxed open a sliding panel, behind which a small screen came to life. John stared at the factory-installed Sat Nav for a long moment as Sherlock entered the address they were looking for.
"It was only Nutella and she only had a bit."
"Mm." Was all the response he was getting for the moment, accompanied with what was unmistakably, regardless of the extreme subtly of it all, a snuggle into his back.
He came to the conclusion that if it was this bad when just pretending, a real relationship of this nature with Sherlock would be disastrous. John would probably lose his usefulness, unable to get anything accomplished with thoughts of romantic interludes constantly spreading to and stretching every corner of his mind.  He couldn't even fathom what taking Sherlock to bed would be like. Well, he could(more often than usual that week)but he'd never really know. He had to concentrate on being able to make a clean break when this was finished, somehow going back to how it was before. In theory it should have been easy, but he'd always been known as the heart of their partnership, unable to logic his way out of sentiment as easily as the mind bit.
"Are you still begging me to stop?
"Of course I am," Sherlock almost spat. John smiled indulgently at him and, as he shut the little kit they kept in the kitchen for just such occasions, Sherlock grabbed his head in both hands and kissed him. Hard. John was a bit surprised at himself for not recoiling, as that's what he expected to do if that ever occurred in that manner. He was a bit stiff at first, but quickly relaxed and kissed Sherlock back the way he was supposed to. He let Sherlock end it, per his own MO, as he found that everything was more pleasant when his partner felt the most in control of the situation. "I... I've noticed," Sherlock explained, stuttering ever so slightly, "that every time you're about to kiss me on the mouth, you stop. I tried presenting you with increasingly thoughtful gestures thinking perhaps you'd forget yourself a bit and just go for it, as I know you prefer to initiate, but... no dice."
"No... I... well..."
"What do you mean by
"See? Not that urgent." Mycroft pausing before using the word 'angry' indicated it may have been a gross understatement. "Still took about six more months."
"Did you say something, or were you just talking to yourself again?" John snapped him out of his revelry, calling through a crack in the bathroom door as Sherlock sat staring into his microscope, his mind going a hundred miles an hour on a hundred different subjects. Most of them were trying to bury the one thought, the possible progression of John's bathroom routine, the faces he made shaving in the mirror, the way he swiped at the back of his neck when beads of water from his hair ran down it, tickling him.
"Right. So I read that children and teen-agers often compare their genitals, and, I have it on good authority that adult men are considered somewhat equivalent, behaviourally speaking." John could only shrug. He wasn't wrong. "So... it comes down to the proverbial, 'I'll show you mine if you show me yours'." That was a bit better. He knew he had nothing to worry about in that department, despite knowing, medically, size had very little to do with the ability to give and receive pleasure. It was just nice to know that he'd never had to experience wondering whether or not he was a good size. Every girl he'd ever been with seemed rather impressed.
"What do you think it is?" he asked slowly.
John knew Sherlock, knew his body, but not even all the patchwork and the past few weeks of above average intimacy revealed to him all he took the time to examine now. Every scar, mole, and hair served as a familiar marker as he mapped the mans body through cleansing it. He then allowed Sherlock to do the same, answering his anticipated questions including those he'd shielded John from at the reunion. Some answers had to be put off for another time, as they would corrupt what John was trying to do. He would reply to those with slow kisses, a language to which Sherlock adapted immediately.
"I could... get you off real quick and see... you know... if that works or helps or whatever." Sherlock was already panting a little, but automatically took in more of the fortifying liquid. John took a sip himself. "When you're out in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of so much... human suffering, you tend to jump on opportunities to counter it. Regardless of gender, do you know what I mean?"
it. It was part of what made the emptiness so compelling when he'd 'died'.
"For fuck's sake," he mumbled, reaching around Sherlock to retrieve the utensil himself. Sherlock got a good whiff of his hair, then and nearly fled. Instead he made his way around to the the other side of the table and sat in the empty chair there. John's eyes followed him a moment before turning back to what he was presently doing, which was getting the lid and plastic seal off of a container of plain Greek yoghurt. He spooned several heaps into the blender and topped everything off with a small container of coconut water. Sherlock had something to say about the brand used that he couldn't quite recall, as his mind was working independently of his mouth because John had vigorously stirred the container's contents, muscles in his back flexing, backside... jiggling with his movements...
"Congratulations," John said smoothly, exchanging a look with Sherlock during which Sherlock also raised his eyebrow at the child's name. "This is-"
The questions were exactly what Sherlock had anticipated. He suggested that his being overly clingy would poke too many holes in the ruse and so held back on much of the former PDA. He just kept his free left hand on John's thigh as John kept his right one on Sherlock's. But that was under the table, though it must have given everyone an air of their very togetherness. John fielded most of the emotional questions, Sherlock more sociable than ever, but still rather quiet in comparison to how other conversations with him went. He spoke up mostly to steer the rabid questioners away from the more painful bits surrounding of John's time in the military, his injury, how he felt after Sherlock... went away for several years, etc.
He encouraged John to leave it be with slow kisses, had him turn around and asked him, with his best puppy dog eyes, to wash his hair, something they both found they enjoyed immensely when he'd first come back. He even let slip the thing about how the detachable shower head made everything easier, justifying it to himself by thinking about how he was technically dead for two years, so he hadn't broken his oath. Though he did enjoy the sponge baths. The
"Penetrative bit?" John's relief was his relief, though the former still turned a lovely shade of pink all the way down into the neck of his vest. "I wasn't planning on that just now anyway, though I was thinking that I would receive at first so that you could transition more easily. I have a few detailed charts on preparation you may find useful-" And he was being kissed within an inch of his life again.
"Wait! Sherlock please," He stopped immediately, unable to actually let go yet, though he set him more stably on his feet again. John's face was a mixture of confusion, fear, and, dare he say elation, with an undertone of pure desire. Sherlock understood his trepidation, knew the basis of everything he saw there.
"P-please!" Sherlock begged. John could definitely get used to this. "Please!
"What's all this then," John asked with another long drink from his glass, nearly finishing it. Sherlock poured him another and then darted off again, only to reappear with a large tumbler of banana Lassi for each of them to at least take the edge of the spice and... a candle in an ornate silver holder. He lit the wick and took his own seat across from John.
He could say no more as Sherlock plunged forward, writing off the moisture on both of their faces as just water splashed up because of the sudden movement. He didn't even allow John to do anything more than the kissing at first, fellating him expertly and with an enthusiasm unmatched by the very few prostitutes he'd sought the company of overseas when loneliness, alcohol, and peer pressure got the best of him in the Army. It took an almost embarrassingly short time before he was warning and spurting seemingly directly down Sherlock's throat. He knew he was a bit on the above average side in size, yet Sherlock swallowed him to the root, the sight of it alone with Sherlock blinking up at him through long, dark lashes to indicate how comfortable he was with John being fully seated, was enough to get him off, let alone including the accompanying throat movements and bollock caressing and nipple tweaking.
"You're an idiot."
This was ludicrous.
"I'm not?"
"You needed me. I wasn't useful for anything else. I was a rubbish husband, pining after you so secretly, apparently I didn't even know I was."
"Is that all?"
"What's your angle really? Why is this so important to you?" That was the crux of the entire thing.
He practically shoved John away getting to his feet, nearly knocking him over in the rush to his room knowing how his face matched the football shorts in colour. He'd heard it in John's voice that he was bloody
more attractive, more charming, seeing a dragon that breathed violet fire. And, but for that one incident when someone had slipped something into his plain cola and he luckily only came out of thinking he could fly with a twisted ankle, evaporated clothing, and a cross older brother, he was very little danger to himself or others. And no one was pretending. Whether or not that was attributed to his penchant for imbibing alone remained to be seen.
"Army of course," he grinned. "Her wife's over in Afghanistan now and I have to look after Kelly for her. She doesn't even know about the baby yet. She'll be heart broken."
"Go ahead, but I probably won't drink the whole thing."
"Probably an arse-pirate thing," John leaned in and said, before
"You lead us in," Sherlock ordered.
"She hit you?"
"Please."
"It's how good relationships work."
After he'd moved John's bed, a double that was one of very few luxuries he allowed himself due to his rather spartan personality, its owner showed in the doorway, explaining how he'd thought twice, then locked the doors to the sitting room. The slightly older man said nothing of the paracetamol he'd taken. John even shut the bedroom door as Sherlock tried to determine what kind of music would serve best as a soundtrack. He struck out with the classical, John giving him a look that must have been an exact replica of how he looked at people when they were being a particular brand of idiot. Apparently, John had made a new playlist to go along with his new exercise regimen. It seemed it was, and he used the term loosely, music whose purpose was to excite and motivate a crowd. Lots of electric guitars and shouted 'lyrics'.
"She's called Willa," Sherlock blurted, taking copious mental notes about what Lestrade was doing to make her sound so happy. "She's named for me."
"I suppose... I suppose you're right. We're to be parents ourselves soon and I guess I'll need to start thinking like one; what will be best for the children and so forth."
"That's enough," he declared gently. Sherlock just draped one of his long arms around him and kissed his cheek and called him 'My Darling', which impossibly furthered his fond feelings toward it as it reminded him of the legitimate begging of the night before.
"Yeah, Babe."
"Answer. the question, Sherlock. Haven't I warned you about your over-eagerness?"
"But... you return my feelings." John finally did look at him then and he almost wished he didn't.
"I fixate," he said, ignoring John's awe disguised as misunderstanding as usual. "Like I said, I'm selective. About everything." Another hard truth about Sherlock. John thought perhaps he was being given a gauge by which he could know the truth as opposed to embellishments or outright lies Sherlock would tell him. It was difficult anyway, through the alcoholic haze. He thought Sherlock was bad at blurting things out when he was sober. They almost got into several fist fights with others during the evening because he just couldn't keep his mouth shut for long enough. Maybe that's what this 'overshare' could also be attributed to. "But, in answer to your original question, I have several erogenous zones, all normal. Well, in one place or another."
"Kissing scenes from all of those terrible films you and Mrs. Hudson watch. I was going to determine your response to different techniques so I could determine how best to-" But then John was kissing
"Must have been referred by someone in the military." John stilled at that one. Sherlock attempted to return to his original position, but couldn't bring himself to close his eyes.
John let out a tired huff of laughter. "You mean the women whom you scared off as if you were some child whose father had brought home a woman to be his new Mum?" Sherlock couldn't help his own chuckle, noting how John moved his hand to his bare belly and held it there for the duration of it. "That didn't seem too difficult."
Lestrade could only shake his head. "Look, whatever it is, it has to be something only you would do, a way only you would think of." Sherlock slapped his palms together, mouth round and eyes wide with the containment of an idea so grandiose, it barely fit in his head.
"What? Why do I have to do it?" Sherlock looked slightly panicked for a moment in Marceline's direction.
"What about these?" John asked.
"They say the baby came out
"Oh." He seemed genuinely surprised. "Well, useless facts is what I have you for. Alright, on the count of three. One... two..."
"No!" came the cry from the other room as he simultaneously heard the loud fumbling of trying to get out of bed as quickly as possible in order stop the impending travesty that was one. more. curry. John didn't at all mind being practically tackled for his phone by a completely nude Sherlock, as well as the subsequent little warning frown complete with nose crinkles when he discovered John hadn't actually called the place. John ended up locking himself in the bedroom to use Sherlock's abandoned phone. He loudly continued his curry order while actually ordering a large sushi combo for two via text to one of Sherlock's contacts he knew provided such services. John was fully prepared for the consequences of Sherlock having to break into his own room and his supposedly ordering curry anyway.
"John?" came the rather velvet voice, raised slightly in order to more adequately penetrate the barrier, "I know it's spacious in there and you're quite small, but I'd think your military training enough to allow you to be able to navigate-" John yanked open the door and was kissing him before he even fully stepped over the threshold, nearly toppling them over. It had the desired effects, shutting up Sherlock Holmes and subsequently, turning him into putty as the man sagged comfortably in his arms. Yep. He still had it. When John released him, Sherlock stumbled backward a bit and fumbled with his jacket button, clearing his throat.
"Wasn't it?" He had him there. John wasn't at all sure of anything, except for how much he cared for Sherlock.
"You what? John you what?" His heart began beating much more quickly than he was sure was necessary. Fear was a terrible thing, but no one could evoke it so thoroughly in him as even the very
"She was murdered, John." He may as well have said 'Darling' again instead of 'John', going by his tone, but this was sort of business and Sherlock fell back on his default brand of professionalism of a sort. "By a stalker, most likely."
But secondary school fancies don't usually translate well into full fledged adult relationships. Luckily they were just mature enough to know this and so made sure to say good bye in as complete a way as possible before she moved to the French part of her ancestral homelands and he went for Medical training then the military. She wrote him once whilst he was in, a long letter he still kept in his small box of important things. He didn't cry over it until that dark time when Sherlock was gone, and the rest of the world seemed to abandon him, though it had actually been him doing the abandoning.
"Not initially, no. It's more in character within the parameters of an established relationship for you. At least the way you are now." John continued to surprise and fascinate him, but even Sherlock, with his limited sentimental capabilities, was positive trying to kiss him right now would be wrong. No matter how much he craved it. "I just... this can't be..." John dropped his hands again and sighed with exasperation. Sherlock dropped his own, then pushed them into his pockets instead. Must not touch until welcome.
Although, it is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT that I finished it!
"What's 'late stage'?"
Sherlock
a bit convenient when he didn't feel it warranted discussion. It was how Sherlock was and he loved him for all of his parts. Even the annoying ones. Sometimes, especially the annoying ones.
"Marceline. I saw your name on the roster but I didn't think you'd made it." He had to admit the spark of excitement at seeing her again as well as the surprising lack of disappointment when she never turned up. At first he'd been so distracted by his current 'lover', and after that it was more of a relief that he wouldn't have to deal with attempting to decipher Sherlock's mood toward her, especially the way it was now. They kissed each other's cheeks. She smelled of lavender and cigarettes, just as she did before, the same stark lips and piercing blue eyes, but her hair was even shorter and slicked back, though she'd finally allowed her natural curl to remain. It seemed lacquered into the unmoving finger waves. Her dress had thin, crystal lined straps and flowed down her frame to the knee where the fringe began mid-calf. But for a long cigarette holder and gloves, she looked every inch the flapper girl, though somehow, non-ironically.
Everyone was gathered in the sitting room as Mrs...
"It's not that you're necessarily attracted. You just like to see anyone being pleasured," he stated.
"Really?"
Sherlock had automatically taken the meagerly padded bench seat of the holding cell. But at least it was cool down here. Yes. Lovely, cool wall. Yes.
wants me to put 'something more on'?" Apparently the heat had affected both his mind and his modesty because he hooked his thumbs between the waistband of the shorts and his pants and
"That was the first proper kiss you've given me since we got here," Sherlock mentioned. "Normally, we'd be slipping away to snog at every opportunity. I'm sure there's a cupboard or two you wouldn't mind showing me, for old time's sake." It was so odd that they now had a snogging 'norm' and what he came to label as Sherlock's Private Smile surfaced, making him feel a bit more jittery, but in a pleasanter way.  He put his left hand over Sherlock's right as it remained on his face and rubbed the back with his thumb.
whilst grinding your hard cock against mine?"
"Babe," John said, kissing Sherlock's jaw on his way by to retrieve wipes from his bag for a final once over, "you're a brat."
"John, I-"
"Is that so?" Greg grinned crookedly at her as he gave her a tickle. "Wait, what? Willa?"
"I... " was all he got out before John set down the half empty cup and ran his fingertips down the left side of his face. He arched a bit into the touch and any protest he was about to make was cut off by John again straddling him, only this time sitting down fully, making Sherlock groan.
"I... Brilliant!" He glanced into the kitchen after an exchanged smirk and saw three huge pots on the table in there. "Looks like we'll be eating curry for the foreseeable future."
Sherlock came again, babbling incoherently, yanking John over the edge with him, swearing the entire way.
"Alright, Einstein, I'll leave it," John smirked, acknowledging how he didn't call her 'it' as he would if he was completely separating himself from the experience. However he was dissatisfied that it wasn't the entire explanation. Something else was up, though the signs were extremely subtle. Well subtle for most others.
"You had to stay with your wife and unborn child, so I couldn't have you come with me."
"Tell me!"
"Sherlock you can tell me, you know."
He also knew he wouldn't be able to stop giving John orgasms for the rest of his life, if he got started. He couldn't even fathom him returning the favour right now. All that mattered was the precipice on which they dangled, John not even aware of how Sherlock was already over it and trying to figure out how to pull him along.
"How many have you registered for?"
"Me, too. I figured you just knew and would never do anything about it so neither did I."
"I thought you were used to me looking at you," he noted.
"Yeah, Greg. We'll see you in a little while," John answered, smiling at the DI. Greg ducked into the room and gently shut the door. Sherlock didn't move. John got up on the balls of his feet to take his chances with another firm kiss on those lovely lips. Sherlock responded a moment later as if he didn't even mean to, but his body acted of its own free will, cradling John's face and holding it against his via the mouth. He followed him down as John flattened his stance once more. John let him be the one to end the kiss, which was done abruptly, walking off toward their daughter's room. John followed, stopping next to him at the door as the two beaming elders posed increasingly difficult spelling and mathematical questions to her. He caught the twitch of the corner of Sherlock's mouth before entering to check on everybody. Willa seemed content, as did the Holmes heads of household. After another instruction, John was shown to the adjoining room, the door shut firmly.
"You're still defining yourself according to someone else," Sherlock explained, closing his laptop and standing to gaze into the mirror above the fireplace, cold for the mild, dry weather. "You are saying, however unintentionally, that you're only not gay because your sister is." John felt his eyes on him for a moment before he looked up to see Sherlock's usual Mask Of Analysis. "Is the problem that people think you're gay, or that you're with me?" Sherlock continued to surprise him with the unusual subtlety of his probing questions. Well, subtle for the consulting detective, anyways. This was, to date, not only the strangest conversation they'd ever had, but the most emotionally based. John supposed it wasn't weird that it was... well... weird.
"I admit the whole not gay thing was a slight deterrent, but I was confident that-"
This realization unfortunately lead to yet more viewing choices made by John, both mind-numbing and mildly interesting in which Sherlock happily engaged. If just for a taste of him.
." It was the truth. Sometimes John would chatter endlessly around him, sometimes he was silent. Sometimes he would stay across the room, and other times, he would make a concerted effort to pass close by as he moved about, and touch Sherlock lightly on the way. John would get him to eat even during a case now and, as always, inadvertently give him great ideas, though lately they were more often related to how to make him smile, usually by what he had to do to make others more comfortable, sometimes by engaging in their special brand of gallows humour.
I couldn't have done it without you.... <3 <3
"Wait!" John finally found his voice buried deep in the mire of his dumbfoundedness. "You... you swear when you're drunk?"
"I tend to break a lot of rules for you, Sherlock. You're more important to this world than I am."
"John please!" He'd smelled it earlier, and dismissed it as a side effect. But no. The hint of smoke, the tang of alcohol... It explained the extra grooming. John had been out, probably with Lestrade, drinking, and had come home, not too long ago still a bit tipsy. That's when the rest of everything went South. Literally.
"I... hadn't any other choice," he said almost blankly.
"Oh my God!" John cried, tearing up a bit and holding his belly. When he'd calmed enough to continue, he said, "No, I'm not trying to find out any government secrets. Above my clearance level. Not this time and definitely not from you."
"What do you think, Sherlock?"
"Shut up, Sherlock."
"But before you didn't want-"
"Sherlock. Please." For reasons that no mere mortal could understand, Sherlock pulled out his mobile and asked if she'd like her photo taken with John. She eagerly complied and after, Sherlock himself helped her back to her seat. She opened one of several canvas hold-all bags which bore the school crest and were displayed on the table, and extracted a booklet. She produced a yellow highlighter and flipped through the pages, explaining that the booklet contained everyone's contact information before highlighting her own.
Going through the front door wasn't as difficult as he thought it would be. Sherlock calling his name distracted him just long enough with the compulsion to go to him. Going upstairs, however, seemed to be a more serious issue. He left the luggage by the door out of the way, thinking it would be easier to ascend without them. Though there were walls to support him should he need a handhold, John still found himself thinking of a scene in an old cheesy horror film during which the burned nightmare monster was chasing the heroine upstairs and her feet began sinking into the steps as if they contained pits of melted marshmallow. It was vaguely how he felt, trudging upward, each step increasingly difficult, until finally, he reached the sitting room door. The kitchen door was still closed and bolted fast.
"Whatever you want." Sherlock moved his hand over John's for a moment then left the room. John sighed then followed suit.
"Sorry," he said. "I just... sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you."
"But-"
"Over medium egg on wheat toast with brown sauce," he blurted. "However, I can do that with anyone so, following your logic, I must be quite the tart indeed."
The next few weeks were a plethora of experiments John just... allowed to happen, at this point. None of them hurt or were too embarrassing, as they were only pretending. The tests and adjustments were conducted mostly in the flat, but sometimes, when they were walking somewhere, Sherlock would reach out and give his hand a squeeze, without even stopping whatever he was saying or not saying anything at all. After a while, John began reciprocating, behaving as he would in any relationship. He would playfully call Sherlock 'Babe', pet names a thing in which Sherlock refused to participate at first. However, once that initial(rather posh)'Darling' slipped out, it was established as John's title. Though, if he was to be completely honest with himself, the way Sherlock just said his name in different situations would convey, at least to him, a plethora of different emotions. At the moment, within their play, it was as good as any 'luv' or 'dear' or 'sweetheart'. The 'Darling' became that much more special because of it actually being said.
"Yes yes, lovely to meet you," Sherlock piped in over her reply, pulling John flush against him and staring intently into his face as he let him lead.
he could hold him too. Sherlock took full advantage of that seemingly benign aspect. But it wasn't exactly as unimportant as previously thought. Because when John held him back so tightly, so securely, kissed him back when the urgency was removed, Sherlock had never felt this level of euphoria. Not even from the drugs he still craved to this day. He refused to release John. His John. His. And his partner seemed content to remain where he was until they fell into a deep sleep.
"No. Just... just go."
"Well, I suppose you can be forgiven just this once. It's good to finally meet you face to face, Mr. Holmes."
"I don't see why it's so funny to you. Children aspire to be all sorts of things when they're small. Even impossible things. I'm sure you wanted to be a lion tamer or some such rubbish."
"I'm fine, Sherlock. You're alright. You're safe."
"I never thought I'd hear those words," she was sobbing. It made John feel even more like shit to have kept this from them, even if it was for everyone's own good.
John stood there another full minute. Sherlock could feel those eyes boring into him from there and wanted to meet them disinterestedly. He knew if he did, however, all bets would be off instead, so he remained where he was until John sighed again and turned to leave. Which he wasn't supposed to do. John was supposed to come to him, or at least go sit in his armchair and wait for him. But he didn't this time. John left, and it physically hurt enough for him to leap off the couch and yank open the sitting room door calling his name. John stopped his plodding ascent but didn't turn to face him.
so. During their practice exploration of the kissing part of their 'relationship' within the confines of their own home, John discovered a particular sound Sherlock would make. It was extremely light despite being low and way in the back of his throat. One would miss it if one wasn't looking for it or hadn't been repeatedly exposed to the phenomenon. It was similar to a very short purr and indicated that Sherlock had an erection.
"Okay, let me just get this done then do the egg whites." John traded back again and Sherlock set the disc up in the sitting room as John poured batter and whipped egg whites with cream of tartar to get them to foam up. Mrs. Hudson returned just then. She was always needing to send someone out or go next door herself for some ingredient or other and usually thought it was easier for her to just do it herself as opposed to making sense and sending the younger, sprier generation. She exclaimed in delight upon discovering Sherlock's presence and made him listen to some rambling story about her eldest sister whom she wished lived closer for the holidays and wondering if this year would be her last year being able to travel. All whilst holding a dish into which she was separating... something into. He rolled his eyes repeatedly at John and he'd just smile chastisingly back.
. He had
"For science?"
she would diagnose him with some sort of schizophrenia or at least have him see about a brain tumor. Because that was his lot in life now, wasn't it? Acquiring something terminal once he'd found a reason to live. But there was no such diagnosis, and he was once again left alone to deal with everything.
