“No,” Dean whispers.
suffering, I couldn’t bring him back.”
That explains a lot. The majority of commenters seem to agree.
“Are you sure that’s the only reason for the change?” Sam tries.
“That night I told Dad I was going to see a girl I’d met at the bar a few days ago. He didn’t mind if I went out as long as we weren’t on a job. He just told me to be back by checkout the next day because he had a lead on the next hunt. So I go to Jeremiah’s room. I told myself I wasn’t really going to do anything. I was just going to get some time away from Dad. Okay, maybe I’d kiss him again because that had been alright.
can’t bring him back.”
“Now that Rowena is in charge? You probably can.”
“Your father kicked in the door.”
With that, he starts to fade away.
“Um, I don’t know?”
“I love you, Cas.
That pulls a laugh from Dean. And once the first is out another follows and another. It’s a snotty, weepy, kind of laughter but it’s laughter all the same.
“No. Dad kicked in the door.”
“Uh… I think very highly of you too, Sam.” Cas stares at their hands.
“What a douche,” Dean mutters.
“Oh no!” Cas shoves Dean away.
Dean grimaces. The commenters are going to rake this poor guy over the coals. A majority of the comments so far are variations on “Over a decade? He’s not into you. Move on.” A few ask for more context. The original poster obviously doesn’t read the forum often or he would have known to go into greater detail.
“If you won’t do it for me or Dean, do it for Cas. He loved you like a son. I know you cared about him. You can’t just leave him to suffer.”
“Yeah, well some details would be inappropriate to share with my brother. Not to mention Jack.”
Dean runs his hand through his hair, relief flooding his heart. “I thought you were gone for good.”
love Sam? What about the post?”
“That was the only time?” Sam repeats.
“The moose is correct. I thought I’d put on my best for company.” The Empty gestures to itself.
“Even more red flags! Are you afraid to tell him because he might lash out at you?”
“You were looking for me?” Dean doesn’t know how to feel about that.
Dean is a grown man. He’s allowed to leave without telling his brother where he’s going. Just because he never has before is no reason for Sam to panic. Tell that to the ball of dread growing in the pit of his stomach.
“I didn’t say anything.” Sam takes a few deep breaths. “Let me guess, you snuck away while he was asleep and never saw him again until tonight?”
“What? I’m supposed to tell you about everyone I’ve ever met?”
“Thank you.” Sam takes a step back.
“What do I think of Cas?” Sam repeats, his brow furrowing into its default ‘my brother has a screw loose’ position. “What am I supposed to think? It’s Cas.”
Sam’s got his hands clasped and his head bent. “Castiel? Can you come to the bunker, please? I’ve got something important to tell you,” he prays. This isn’t the kind of thing you do over the phone.
After he wipes the sweat from his face. After he vomits in the bathroom. After he showers and wipes down the fogged up mirror. After everything. They're talking about him in hushed voices. They're afraid. Dean really, really doesn't want to hear it.
As the days slip by, Castiel feels a distinct shift in the tone of Dean’s texts. There’s more pictures, for one. Dean constantly takes pictures of himself or the food he’s eating or anything he finds amusing. Or anything he thinks Castiel might find interesting.
“Worked it out?” Ash asks, when Dean steps up behind the counter looking less annoyed, and more ready to face another day in retail hell.
Dean probably shouldn’t but he flips Crowley off over his shoulder. “I won’t.”
“You two–?” he starts and Sam laughs. Dean turns to him. “Did you?”
As they pass it, Castiel sees heads and faces pressed to the window. And splatters of blood. Everywhere. The carnage continues beyond the bus. The pavement is tracked with blood like someone dragged a body up to the entrance of the student center. There’s police cars parked, lights still flashing.
Castiel thumbs open his email and stares at the invite. He can feel Dean’s lips against his hair, and he’s grateful for it. Though Dean likes to pretend he’s terrible at feelings and talking about them, his insight, when he deigns to offer it, is thoughtful and considerate. And even when he truly doesn’t feel like talking, he’s compassionate, and supportive.
“It’s complicated,” Castiel explains hastily, clumsily. He cringes. “Actually, it’s not. It’s not really… it isn’t a real thing. I haven’t even met him. We talk sometimes. I know what he looks like. But it’s not him–”
Castiel nods once. “Thank you. I appreciate it but you didn’t have to do this for me.”
“And you were fired for that? Seems unreasonable.”
“You got a last name, Dean?”
“Yeah, Cas was a tutor for that Math class I took last year,” Sam explains. “Thanks for the recommendation letter, man,” he adds to Castiel, who blushes a little and murmurs something self-deprecating. “Come on in. I gotta go grab some half and half.”
Dean is silent until they park at the motel.
“Good man.” Dean smiles and lets go of Castiel to pick up the bowl and Castiel immediately draws his hands up to accept it. “Uh-uh.” Dean shakes his head, holding the bowl close to his chest and stirring the soup to cool it. “You might spill. I got this.” He meets Castiel’s gaze and smiles again. This time, Castiel tries to return it.
Dean eyes the bottles Charlie had laid out on the table a few steps behind him. There’s two bar stools across from each other. He thinks back to the mess in the apartment, evidence of Meg’s presence, and the fight he picked with Cas, and the last thing he said– and the way he feels. He can’t do this.
Castiel nods. “We took the same class last year as well, and partnered on a project. I knew Sam had an older brother named Dean. I didn’t know you were the same Dean. It makes sense, though. If I could afford the Coffee Grind, we probably would have met.”
This isn’t going well. “Winchester.” Dean fidgets. “You know, I spoke to Bobby Singer when I came in here last, so he knows all this stuff. It’s kinda– is he in? I just wanna ask if–”
“Are you alright?” Castiel asks, holding a hand out to help Dean to his feet. Dean nods, still gasping. He takes Castiel’s hand. He’s covered in blood. Some of it is from the Croat, but there’s a new, ugly cut just below his hairline.
He stays frozen in place, heart hammering in his throat. Afraid. He’s afraid. For the first time in a long time. Long moments pass in silence and Castiel waits, taking quiet breaths into his burning lungs.
“Figures,” Dean mutters. He rolls his eyes and walks away.
"What are you doing here, Castiel?"
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel glances over Dean’s shoulder curiously, and then back at Dean. “What are you doing here?”
Castiel says, “No. Sam will cure you.”
The calm that settles over the camp is mutinous, but no one protests. They disperse almost immediately and Dean picks Castiel’s unmoving form out of the leaving crowd. Dean jerks his head towards his cabin and Castiel follows.
“I love you, Dean.” Cas steps into his space. “I’ve loved you from the first moment I saw you.”
Dean stares at his phone, trying to decipher the tone of the invitation. He’d exchanged numbers with Castiel after the thanksgiving dinner, but he’d long since given up any hopes he’d had for anything. Aside from a short exchange thanking him, he hadn’t heard anything from Castiel over the past two weeks. Castiel hadn’t even dropped by at the CVS for his usual odds and ends. Dean had considered breaking the silence a few times, but as time passed everything he thought of sounded stupid.
The officer looks sheepish. “Oh. Right. I’m heading out there myself. Follow me.”
“Cas,” Sam says without preamble. “I just heard. Are you okay?”
He’s no stranger to denying himself. He knows how to do that. He doesn’t want to anymore. Cas makes him want to indulge himself a little.
This whole thing between him and Dean is indescribable. It should be nonexistent, and yet it exists. Is it cheating if it’s an emotional, intellectual bond with someone he’s never met in person? Is it cheating if it’s just conversation that isn’t romantic? (Dean flirts sometimes but Castiel suspects that it’s not serious, or with any intent to pursue something romantic or sexual. It’s just a part of Dean’s personality, and Castiel knows by now that he thinks it’s funny.)
“He’s up.” Large hands hold him down. “Cas, hey, hold still. It’s Sam. We got you.”
“Yeah?” Castiel means to reply, but somehow the intonation gets away from him. It issues like a challenge.
Castiel breathes slowly, stares at the darkened ceiling, and wonders what it would be like to slowly forget things and never recover. Now that he’s not focused on something, he hears the quiet sounds around the house. The gentle background hum of the dishwasher. Daphne in the living room, watching the news with the volume on low– speaking of Daphne, Castiel’s mind wanders.
“I don’t eat.”
His hands grasp Castiel’s hips and tug him back, so Castiel has to flatten himself over Dean. And then Dean’s pulling his underwear down, and Castiel almost chokes on the cock in his mouth. He presses his lips to Dean’s inner thigh and tries to breathe, trembling as he feels the hot, wet heat of Dean’s lips and tongue murmuring along the erection hanging heavy between his legs. He makes an embarrassing noise when Dean’s tongue swipes under his balls, and then flickers over them.
Castiel is not sure why he doesn’t tell Dean about Daphne. It leaves a bad taste in his mouth, but he doesn’t even want to bring up the fact that she exists. That he has a girlfriend he doesn’t love (probably never has), let alone that he wants to break up with her. Dean would probably have decent advice on the topic, given that he’s had at least one unwanted relationship that Castiel knows about. Still, Castiel can’t bring himself to do it.
“I’m better off left alone,” Dean says, scraping the words out from the pit of his stomach. His vision goes blurry around the edges. It’s sort of blissful.
Charlie shrugs, looking a little peeved. “That you’re not interested?”
Dean glances at Castiel. “Come on, Ramesh. He just got here.”
“Alright. I’ll do it.”
“I went a little overboard with the pie,” Jess warns, and brings over four pies with Charlie’s help. “And I may have had an ulterior motive.” There’s apple and pumpkin and pecan and sweet potato, and Dean could kiss her. She grins when Dean whistles, low and appreciative. “Glad you’re impressed, brother-in-law.”
“Yup.” Dean watches as Castiel walks away and then calls, “Hey, Cas!” His heart skips a beat and does a funny swoop thing all at once when Castiel turns to look at him, head cocked to the side adorably. Dean winks, and says, “Call me.”
Sam is already at the front door, hitching a duffle over his shoulder. “Out.”
“On your back. Keep your arms above your head.” Castiel sits back as Dean moves to obey. He spends a moment contemplating the smooth expanse of golden, freckled skin beneath him, and then he flips around to bury his head between Dean’s legs.
They all end up sprawled on the couch, and Dean packs away five very large slices of pie. He feels a small, jealous prick of longing, because he wants what Sam and Jess have, but it’s quickly overshadowed by the joy he feels for them.
“Dean, it’s fine. I’ve been saving up. I can handle the bills for a month.”
Nervously, Castiel elaborates, “The man on the phone. The one you’ve been talking to. It’s me.”
“You’re not comin’ with,” Dean informs him. He’s checking the holster at his hip, adjusting the belt. “Rest up. Gonna need you when we talk strategy tonight.”
“What the hell, Cas?”
“This doesn’t look right…” Castiel frowns. His cheeks go a little pink and his shoulders go rigid. “Thank you, but Dean, you shouldn’t have.”
“It’s Jody,” she says, tipping his chin up. “And you’re welcome.”
“Thanks, Dean,” Sam says warmly, looking suspiciously like he’s gonna cry. For once, Dean gives him a pass.
“And preferences,” Dean adds, chest aching again. “Y’know, sexually.”
They drive back to the motel.
“It’s a series,” Sam huffs, brow furrowed. “We already did those. It’s like the one where the strangers kiss each other for the first time–”
“I have grown rather fond of coffee,” Castiel says, even though neither Risa, nor Dean, is looking at him. They’re looking at each other. Castiel gets the feeling that this conversation isn’t actually about him and he’s not really invited to join it. He can’t quite fathom how or why yet, but he knows enough to sense it.
“Kiss him, you idiot!” she calls, voice muffled by the glass.
Jody grins at him, plonking down a bag of Hostess donuts and some beer. “Do you live here?”
The whole town is on lockdown. Every road leading in and out of it is blocked. Police cars dot every intersection, flashing red and blue staccato against the black sky.
It’s not a long drive. Nowhere in this town seems further than a two-minute drive. Castiel glances up and finds the tower looming over them no matter what road Dean takes. When they approach the scene, it’s already been cordoned off with police tape.
“That’s where I aimed for, but I don’t remember… anything…” Castiel clenches his fists, and forces himself to breathe evenly.
Musty carpeted floors. Dean grimaces as he moves further into the motel room. Could be worse, much worse. When he drops his duffel at the foot of the bed closest to the door he turns to find Cas still at the threshold.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Now, he catalogues it for private contemplation and revision. Dean: a myriad contrasts. The strong jaw. The soft mouth. Yes, now it’s the flesh that tempts Castiel. Blood trickles from a cut across Dean’s temple and his mouth is slack circle, dragging wounded breaths.
“Dude!”
“Oh.” Dean suddenly needs to sit down. “Really though? Cas?”
“Chuck brought Lucifer out of the Empty.”
“The same way we've done everything else. Together.”
“Did you hear me praying?”
“You flirted with him in front of Dad?” Sam asks, apparently, that’s the detail he’s having the most trouble grasping.
Cas though, Cas has seen him at his absolute worst. He knows every unforgivable thing about Dean and fell in love with him anyway. Isn’t that the heaping teaspoon of salt in the gaping wound that is Dean’s life? A person capable of loving Dean, warts and all, actually exists and Dean is too much a husk of a human to love him back.
Cas smiles, though it only reaches one side of his mouth. “Yes. Definitely. I love you, Sam.” He nods repeatedly.
“Wouldn’t know what to do with myself if I weren’t.”
Cas stands, mutters, “I understand,” and vanishes.
“Sam,” Empty-Crowley nods at each of them in turn, “Dean, and Mister Tran. What an unexpected pleasure.”
“Oh shit. Sam.” He kissed his little brother’s crush. He really is the scum of the Earth.
Dean isn’t sure when exactly he knew that all-encompassing-together-forever-likes-you-despite-all-your-flaws love wasn’t in the cards for him, but it was long before he met Cas. Once he knew, he let the part of himself that wanted it die. No, he killed it. Then buried it under decades of binge drinking and one-night stands. Now Dean couldn’t open himself up to it if he tried.
“I don’t get it. Why aren’t you more happy? This is good news.” Dean nudges his foot under the table. Cas shifts in the chair.
The next question the OP has responded to is: “Okay, important question, is your friend gay? Or bi? Or curious? Has he given you any hint that he’s interested?”
“Just read it!”
“You enjoyed that?” Cas leans forward.
“You talked to Jack? He talked to you?” Dean doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry. The kid finally answered?
Rowena flicks her hand and Kevin’s spirit swirls into a mist and then gently reforms into a person. Kevin pats himself down.
They emerge into the night in a graveyard. Sam texts an update to Eileen.
“Driver chooses the music.” He stares out the window.
“I can try. If it means that much to him. Maybe with enough time I will. If not, it would only be sixty or seventy years at the most.”
“Cas, wait. You don’t have to go anywhere. You aren’t the problem. I’m the problem.” Dean is crying again. Awesome.
“It’s about Cas.”
with you.”
“You have Crowley’s memories,” Dean adds, “he knows us. We’re persistent. Tenacious even.”
“I do. Also.”
“You are not acting like you, is my point. Dean, I saw you doing sit-ups a few days ago. What gives?”
“No offense, but you sound really codependent. You work together and have lived together. Do you live together now? Do you have any other friends who could support you if this goes South?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas turns. “Sam. You wanted to tell me something?”
He comes back to where Kevin and Dean are waiting.
“Rotting leaves,” Dean answers.
“So, we don’t have a way yet. We’ll look. We’ve got all the research in the Bunker. Eileen will help. We’ll raid the British Men of Letters files. Bobby or Garth might have a book we don’t. We’ll look and we’ll keep looking until we find something.”
“The Empty isn’t Hell, Sam. It’s not a punishment. It’s just where demons and angels go when they die. Even angels that defied everything angels were created to be. It’s only torment for those who were tormented in life. Cas was at peace when he died. He’s at peace now.”
“But… You saw Dean’s face when he told us. Whatever he saw, it was awful.”
Or is it? Dean has never seen Sam flirt with a guy or try to make Cas uncomfortable. Then again Dean isn’t in love with Sam. He’s not watching every little thing Sam does for a sign that he’s interested. Besides, everything else he wrote: selfless, kind, gifted. That’s Sam.
is it okay?”
“Son of a bitch.” Dean groans.
“Not an angel.” Empty-Crowley laughs. Hearing Crowley’s laugh coming from something so not Crowley is off-putting, to say the least. “Oh, that’s good!” He wipes his eyes. “It’s utter bullocks, but it’s good. I’m starting to understand why this form found you so amusing.”
“Fine,” Empty-Crowley says, like a parent whose kid promised to go to sleep after just one more story.
Sam is already on the line with 911.
, Dean thinks but doesn’t say.
“Of course not.” Sam looks offended. “What is this about? What makes you think I’d hurt Cas?”
Dean is already scrambling toward the prone form near the far wall.
“You said I changed you and maybe that’s true but you changed me, Cas. You did. When we met you told me good things can happen. I didn’t believe it then but you made me believe it. Over and over again. Good thing after good thing. And you loving me? That’s the best thing. All I’m asking for is one more good thing. Please, Cas, please wake up.”
“Yeah, if I’d known that when I got here I’d have been twice as worried. I’m relieved as hell that you didn’t come here to kill yourself but you aren’t okay. What happened to Cas, Dean?”
“Wherever the fuck I want,” Dean reproaches, but he doesn’t get further than a few feet before he determines the source of the oppressive stench.  He can’t tear his eyes away from the inelegant shape of a man draped over the settee in the corner.  He stumbles back, wide eyes unflinching, as his empty stomach threatens to revolt.  “Who the hell is that!?” he demands through another bout.
”  Castiel began again,  “
It took everything in him not to roll his eyes at his own mother.  What John wanted and what Dean wanted were two entirely different animals.  “Yeah, I know.  Just got a funny way of showin’ it sometimes.”
“The whole town knows how he gets.  Always blustering down at the bar lately.  Must be that time of year.”
“Yes.  I remember because up until that point, I spent much of the evening being incredibly jealous you weren’t there as my date.”
“I dunno,” he scoffed, “maybe I thought saving your life was enough to earn me a little help with the homework.”
Boredly, Castiel doesn’t even turn a blind eye.  “I was hungry and the room was costly.  He proved very accommodating.”
“Cas!”  He calls out as he sets his heavy things down on the map table.  “Cas-- Rowena,” Sam stammers as he enters the library and spots the fiery redhead drowning in a stack of books.
“You’re calling me predictable?”
Castiel growled to himself.  Of course he’d never been so lucky.
Being around Charlie was different than everyone else.  She knew nothing about his past, or even his present.  Knew nothing about the abuse like Sam.  Knew nothing about the stripping like Benny.  Knew nothing about that moment between himself and Professor Novak.  She knew Dean for what he wanted her to know him for.  And maybe it was wrong to hide the real you from your newest best friend, but it was a necessary evil.  Dean didn’t want to spoil the only clean relationship he had.
“To Benjamin,” they repeated with proud smiles, clinking his glass.
“Yeah, sorry,” he says, “Thanks for getting here so quick.”
She undid the button on his jeans, fingers fiddling to catch hold of the zipper.  The slide down caused his stomach to knot.  He figured he should want to.  Hell, what red-blooded American male would turn down an offer like that?
Castiel’s eyes squeezed shut and his jaw clenched on automatic response.  “How many?”
Scrubbing a hand over his bristly face, Sam let out an exhale, shaking his head a bit.  “Lisa.  He tried to-- He had a knife.  Who knows how he got it, we made sure to hide everything y’know, but he found it somehow.”  He blinked hard before he spoke.  “He tried to kill her, Father.”
Dean was drying the casserole dish when she changed the subject back to him.  She asked if he had any plans for this evening as she handed off the next dish.
“Know what you mean,” he admitted bashfully.  Admittedly, he’d wanted to do more than that.
“When have we ever not left you a really good tip, Joanna Beth?” Dean countered.
“So I gathered.”
It only takes another hour and thirteen minutes sat in self-pitying introspection before Cas heads to his own room to do more of the same.  There's always tomorrow, he tells himself, but he's not convinced it will make a difference.
“Not intentionally.”
“Congratulations, boy,” Bobby added, tipping his beer to him.
“I’ll be good.
Once they’ve reached town, they book a room at the Pink Flamingo Motel again.  Not for the luxurious amenities, but because it’s location is convenient enough between the warehouse and Wendy’s house.
Cas hovers by the door of Dean’s room for a few moments, unwilling or unable to face Dean just on the off chance his condition has changed since the last time he was in there, but the silence is unsettling.  Reluctantly, he makes his way towards the edge of the bed, but he hesitates before deciding to sit down on it.  He can’t help but think how beautifully easy it had been for one fleeting moment the night before.  That alone should have tipped him off. Them and easy didn’t belong in the same sentence let alone the same room.
“I’m not a virgin,” he defended.
Dean was practically glued to the spot watching Castiel walk away.  He hadn't paid it much mind before, but those jeans were hugging all the right places and that blue shirt definitely wasn't hurting anything either.  “See ya, Cas,” he absently murmured, clutching the leather jacket between his fists.
Cas frowns.  “How do you mean?”
It shouldn’t be this good. He shouldn’t crave the taste of him as often as he did, but he could spend hours not thinking of anything else but this. The rug burn on his knees and the old, familiar ache in his jaw. He wet his shaft good and hard, sucking him in shallowly at first, just to get used to the sheer girth all over again. He still shrank at that first nudge against the back of his throat. Cas’ hand was pressing down sternly on the nape of his neck and Dean’s eyes darted up to meet his as he stretched his mouth wider at the corners to take him, but Cas wasn’t looking at his eyes. Cas was admiring at the sight of Dean kneeling for him before he closed his eyes in anticipation. Dean quickly inhaled through his nose before Cas slammed hard into the back of his throat. Dean did his best to swallow around the intrusion. He slid his tongue around his length as Cas slammed in again so roughly Dean wondered if it were possible to bruise the back of your throat.
“Fuck, Cas.
“Yeah, miss you too, Sammy.”
Castiel just glared in response and swatted his ass cheek while Dean chuckled to himself, but he wasn’t laughing long, because Castiel was reaching up to prod two fingers at Dean’s parted lips to shut him up.  Dean sucked them in readily and snaked his tongue between them, soaking them with saliva.  Castiel moaned at the feeling and Dean felt the reverberation in the pit of his stomach.  Almost as soon as they entered his mouth, they were being yanked out again, and just as quickly, Castiel was shoving the tip of his index finger into Dean’s ass along his tongue, working him open knuckle by knuckle.  It burned a little, but Dean almost wanted it too.
“God, could listen to you all day.”  His breathing was ragged.  “Tell me you love me, Cas.”
Crouching down by his head, Castiel smiled up at him, grass clippings sticking to the back of his sweatshirt and out his messy head of hair.  “C’mon in, the water’s fine,” he said, eliciting another bout of giggles.
Dean chuckled at his tone.  “Sounds kinda boring.”
After another handful of minutes passed by, he got that uncanny feeling he was being watched again.  He cracked an eye open, to see Mrs. Barnes waiting expectantly as Dean slid by her in the doorway, giving Castiel his best unforgiving glare.
Dean ran a hand down his face and looked to the backseat.  Castiel was still curled in on himself, silently shivering inwards for warmth.  How Dean was going to drag him inside all by himself was beyond him, but Nancy would have been long passed out by now.  The lights weren’t even on.
Castiel groaned again, but resolutely sat up to reach for his wine glass.  He took a few moments to savor the full-bodied taste of the wine before choosing where to begin.  Straight to the point probably worked best in this case.  “He confronted me during the museum trip and, for whatever reason, I decided to feign ignorance.”  Confrontation was never at the top of Castiel’s wheelhouse.  He could admit that to himself, at least.  If only he had cut straight to the point with Dean, then he would never have had to worry about this.
“Of course, Dean,” he returned easily.
Castiel had never done any of this before that first time.  He wasn’t supposed to be doing anything close.  But here, in this car, off the beaten road, it didn’t matter at all because Dean had never done it either.  Not like this.  They were bonded over their inexperience and wanton desires here under the covert darkness, but none of it felt wrong in the slightest.  Not to Castiel anyway.  Which should have told them everything it needed to.
“So are you… not a guy anymore?” he hedges, feeling a lot like he’s taking a shot in the dark.  Truth be told, Dean never really was good with this whole gender studies stuff, but he does his best to grasp it for Cas.  At times like this though, he can’t help but feel like an utterly ignorant asshole and based on Cas’ fed up face he probably is being a real big one. “Please, man. Explain it to me like I’m five?”
Dean regards Cas’ soft mop of hair spilling over between his fingers and his lips softly part to speak. He doesn’t know what to say though. It’s the most Cas has said to him in days and he doesn’t want to screw up a good thing just by being himself. “That’s, uh, that sucks, Cas. So, no more of that gel crap then?” he wavers instead.
“I just need enough time to talk to Wendy and hit the warehouse again.  See if there's anything we missed.”
“I think so—”
*****
Charlie’s room was noticeably more sanitary than Aaron’s.  No clothes on the floor and the bed was actually made.  It also didn’t have the faint aroma of dirty underpants.  All in all, it was nice.  Very Charlie, considering the amount of geeky posters lining her half of the room.
Swallowing his own bite, Dean agreed with a drawn out groan of his own.  “You and me both.  That things been hanging over my friggin’ head for weeks.”
“Yeah, of course, Jack,” he says, only after he’s finished his bite.  “Go ahead.”  Sam is determined to teach Jack table manners, whether he’s alone in that endeavor or not.
“Dean,” Cas sighed against his lips, his own eyes glassy with unshed tears.  “I love you too.  And I’m never going to leave you again.”
Hurrying down the hall, Castiel entered the bathroom a few meters around the corner from his office.  It smelled like freshly cleansed ammonia and lemons.  It was unpleasant, though what was more, the bathroom wasn’t empty and he always preferred to go alone.  He recognized the back of his head, shortly-cropped hair facing the wall. Faded, blue denim clinging to the curve in his legs as one hand rested against the wall. There were only two urinals in the basement so he was forced to use the urinal next to him.
Dean’s lips quirked as he considered it.  “Right.”  He gave an easy nod, seemingly gaining confidence, as he slowly stalked across the carpet, allowing his eyes to roam freely over Castiel for the first time tonight, inserting himself into Castiel’s space.  “Prove it,” he challenged, hotly, in the dense air still left hanging between them.  It was thick like the heat in summer, crackling with electricity.
He ate lunch alone in his office that day.  And he did so everyday for the rest of the week.
“It’s not weird,” Castiel protested, “And I’m not just saying it.  I’ve, um, thought about it.  Before.  You, I mean.  I didn’t know then, but I’ve thought about you wearing panties before while I—”  He stopped before he somehow made Dean feel like he was sharing a room with a pervert, but Dean didn’t seem bothered in the slightest.
“Top drawer.”  He only knew that because of how often he’d stolen it and put it back before Benny came home.  Thank god for that now.
Yet against all of his better judgment, he found himself feeling the small, bitter pangs of jealousy anyway.  Which was preposterous, really.  He mentally scolded himself for being the type of person to develop a crush on his straight roommate,  but here he was… a walking cliche.  A complete disaster.  And then Dean just had to go and start undressing.  He was
Castiel swivelled in his chair, arms spread, because he knew Dean, relatively speaking.  He wanted praise for something.  Castiel just wasn’t typically good at giving it.  “What would you like me to say?”
“Sam!
When he turned his head forward, Lisa was making a beeline from the kitchen towards the couch with a drink in her hand.  Before he even registered what was happening, she threw herself in his lap and kissed him hard on the mouth.  She tasted like too many Mike’s Hard and he didn’t really have much time to kiss back before she pulled away.  “Oh my god!  When did you get here?”
Dean righted himself only to shoot Benny a withering glare. “Oh you mean the time I lost my v-card to Lisa Braeden in the backseat of my dad’s Impala and all you fuckin’ assholes decided to open the door right when I blew my load?  Huh, I dunno.  Vaguely rings a bell."  That was one memory he definitely tried to push into the far recesses of his mind.  Well, the Benny part, not the Lisa part.  She’d been really bendy and forgiving.  And Dean really missed that damn car all of a sudden.
“You think?”  Dean sniffed.  “So, you were jealous, huh?”
She squeaked, “What about our papers?”
Begrudgingly, he did.  He recalled the night they went out for his birthday, pausing briefly as the waiter set down their food.  Through bites of his omelet, he told him about the intimate details of his private lap dance with the dancer, Damien.  The details he could remember at least.  About the phone number he found in his pocket.  About his class yesterday and signing his approval that made this all an enormous problem.  And finally, about how he was enormously screwed because Dean Winchester remembers everything, and he seemed less than shy about making that known.
Castiel ignored him and he read on, uncapping the vial of holy water, and anointing small droplets onto Dean’s exposed skin.  And Dean gasped and growled a fearsome thing.  An animalistic snarl catching in his throat as the water burned welts on his skin.
Castiel couldn’t trust that he wouldn’t.  He pressed on.  “
“No,” Cas lies, stuffing his hands in the pockets of his dress pants.
Dean scoffed.  “If you say so.”  He laid out the bread on the counter and unscrewed the lids to the peanut butter and jelly, meticulously spreading both out in even layers.  Castiel let out a soft sound as he watched him.  It sounded like a chuckle as Dean cut the sandwiches in diagonals;  A habit he was used to from taking care of Sam after school all those years.  “What’s so funny?” he asked as he handed a plate over to him and sucked the jelly off his thumb.
While the cat scarfed it down, Castiel couldn’t help but watch and wonder at this rate if the same fate would eventually meet him.
“Ah, well.  Good movie.  Should check it out sometime.”
Cas looked back at him before turning back to the fridge.  “I’m not sure.  I don’t remember the sensation that well, but I- I think I am.  Is it supposed to feel mildly painful?”
“Yeah, go ahead.  Use my own words against me.  I know I'm a slut.”
Desperately, Castiel pressed his palm to the wound to stop the bleeding, as hot, thick blood seeped between his fingers.  “Dean, stay with me!”
“What! No way!”
“I figured.  Then what?”
“The panties or ...?”
Dumbly staring out the window at the rolling rural cemetery as it passed, Castiel just snorted.  “It was one day, Drama Queen.  I think your precious GPA will survive.”
Following directions, Dean enters the third door on the left. It's a dusty, old store room, just like most of the underused rooms in the bunker. “Thanks, Magellan,” he says, clapping Cas on the shoulder with an added bicep squeeze, just because, but man, Cas feels firm.
“No,” he stated simply.  “It's as if it never happened, and I'd prefer it stay that way.”  The deflation in Balthazar shoulders matched perfectly the way Castiel felt upon uttering the words, but he forced the feeling down and willed himself to believe them.
Charlie scurried off, leaving Dean to listlessly gather his things, tossing them carelessly into his backpack.  In doing so, he managed to drop one of his course folders, causing a flurry of papers to scatter all over the floor and under the tables in the process.  On some sort of natural instinct, Castiel started forward to help Dean collect them off the floor, grabbing a few that crash-landed closest to the podium.  Castiel straightened them out in his hands, what looked like Algebra coursework, and he hesitantly stepped forward to hand them back to Dean.  Though, in some unforeseen turn of events, one of the other students kneeled down to help as well.  He seemed to be hanging back to speak to Dean just like Castiel.
Mulling it over, Dean sent another text.
“Is that so?” Castiel asked, wanting to deny it, but in all good conscious he knew he couldn’t.  Not all of it anyway.  “You must have me all figured out then, don’t you?”
Reaching into his pocket, Castiel retrieved his wallet again and fished around for a few creased twenties he’d intended to use at the Heavenly Host.  All things considered, this seemed like an entirely more beneficial use of his hard earned money.  He offered it up on the podium, slapping it down ever so gracefully.  “I’d like to buy a dance then.  The last slot, please.”
Benny and Victor stifled their laughter at Dean’s expense and Gordon tried to look up her shorts when she bent down to kiss him again.  Being the gentleman he believed himself to be, Dean slid his palms up the backs of her thighs and covered the gap in her shorts.  This kiss turned sloppier than before somehow, but when she pulled back this time around, she was tugging at his wrists to follow her back to the kitchen.  “Dean, c’mon!”
“Funny seeing you surrounded by guys,” Castiel retorted flatly.  “Do you all take turns being on the bottom, or…?”
Castiel’s face and neck heated up at Dean’s words.  At ‘Cas’.
They were walking towards the green to eat as the question caught up to him.  “Wait… who?  What are we talking about?”
“C’mon,” he said, rising from the bench, “Time to move.”  He pocketed his phone and they walked over to the crosswalk, Sam trailing closely behind and looking just as lost as Dean felt right about now.
Slowly, appraisingly, the guy gave Dean a once over and Dean felt himself blush, if only slightly.  The guy must’ve liked what he saw because he turned his body then, to face Dean more fully.  “No, unfortunately the only one that dragged me out here was myself.”  He went back to half-heartedly analyzing the painting to his left, as Dean scanned the room.
“Doubt anyone here is gonna let paramedics crash the party, brother.  ”
“Not gonna lie though… this?”  He motioned towards Castiel’s arms on either side of him with his chin.  “Kinda hot.”
“What?” is all Dean says because he knows that look all too well.
“Ah, there it is.”  He spoke hushed.  Like a secret just between the two of them.  “He doesn't love you, Castiel, but I could.  I could give you anything you want.  No one would have to know.”  His hips were writhing against the bed in a tormented, seductive lure.  The motion caused his loose jeans to inch lower under his ass, exposing the sharp jut of his emaciated hip bones, and the faint trail of hair that disappeared beneath the hem to the base of Dean’s cock.
“No, not at all.”  She quirked her lips and smiled.  “Consistent is a better word.”
The cab driver eyed him through the rearview mirror.  “Where to, Father?”
It’d been a long while since he’d felt this and the feeling was indescribable.  Incredible.  The sight of Dean’s full, reddening lips stretching around him was somehow both sinful and heavenly.  Castiel could tell by the way his long eyelashes fluttered and the way the fingers of his left hand gripped his pant leg, Dean was enjoying this almost as much as he was.  Black engulfing the iridescent shades of gold and green.  And Dean was looking at him, clinging to him, like he was the most important thing in the room.  In the moment, maybe the world.
Avoiding her eyes, Dean swallowed and kicked at the heel of his boot caked with dirt.  He looked at her once and then changed his mind, choosing instead to watch a group of jocks walk by on the sidewalk.  “Nothing happened,” he said after a minute, poking his frozen yogurt in his hand with his plastic spoon.  “He’s alright.  I dunno, I mean, we hooked up I guess, I just wasn't feelin’ it.”  Chancing another glance up, he stuffed a couple gummy worms in his face to occupy himself.
“You barely even know each other!  My previous assessment still stands: boys are still gross.”
“I love you,” he hadn’t meant to utter, but it slipped out of his mouth anyway at the sight of Dean peering up at him through his lashes.  And Dean moaned around his cock, lust-blackened eyes never leaving his, as he took him deeper still.  Moments later, Castiel’s orgasm was racking through his body and he came into the heat of Dean’s mouth with a punched out sob.
As he hoisted the bags over the side of the dumpster, the phone in his back pocket vibrated.  It continued to vibrate as he mentally struggled with the idea of answering or going inside to wash his hands and get a lungful of air first.  A text he could ignore, but a phone call?  What if it was Charlie in trouble?  Or worse, what if it was Sam?
Cas is unsurprised, but still has a calculating look on his face. Jack is absolutely oblivious, which is a refreshing change from Cas. Sam just groans. “No, Dean.”
Dean scoffs, but stares after the door a moment.   “So you’re telling me smarmy British guy is your type now?” he snidely asks, but when he turns back around Cas has disappeared into his room.  He’s unbuckled the leather strap around his hips and lets the whole apparatus fall unceremoniously to the floor with a dull plunk.
“Sex, of course!  Don’t worry, I doubt it’s changed much since the last time you gave it a go.”  There was a slight spring in Balthazar’s step as he skipped down the steps just out of Castiel’s reach.
As they drew closer to it, Castiel felt sick to his stomach for the umpteenth time today, but he swallowed the salivating feeling back down.
There’s a pun in there somewhere and Dean wants to laugh at it, but he can’t.  His heart starts thumping against his ribs without his permission, but he resolves to keep his mouth closed.
“Oh, yeah, for sure!  I’ve only been here once before when I was a kid.  I’m thinking about bringing my girlfriend, Dorothy, back here soon too.  She’s never been.”
“Me and sense don’t belong in the same sentence,” he half-joked, reaching for his sandwich and taking another bite.
“I’m sorry, I need to… I need to go.”  In a rush of breath, he tacked on a “thank you”. For what, he didn't know.
“He’s- He just swallowed it,” Dean murmured.  But he wasn’t with it still.  Not really.
Ten years tomorrow, he reminded himself.
He should probably be bothered by that, but in the moment, for some reason, he was flattered more than anything else.  “Is that how you got in last time?”
“Someone's needy tonight,” he noted.
“We saved you a seat!”  Charlie was all smiles and sunny disposition most of the time, with little exception.  This wasn’t one either.  She was smiling up at him, expectantly waiting for him to make a move one way or another.  The stop for the museum wasn’t for at least another ten minutes.
Dean chewed his lip and shrugged a shoulder.  “I dunno.”
“I may not be able to promise you forever, but a forever without you would be worse than empty.” Reaching into his pocket, Cas fumbles through his own watery tears with the little velvet ring box. “I hope ‘as long as we both shall live’ is enough.” It opens on soft hinges, revealing a smooth, silver band with a vein of glowing blue.
“Yeah,” said Sam, sensing Dean’s guard going up, “Alright, Dean, but I still want to visit you sometime.”
“Professor Novak,” squeaked Charlie from somewhere behind him.  Castiel turned his head to search for her, but it wasn’t hard to spot the redhead even in the sea of people.  She was squatting on the seat, attempting to make herself more clearly visible, and frantically waving her hands to get his attention.  He ducked his head and uttered small apologies in anticipation of bumping into a few people on his way towards the rear window, but he managed to cross the aisle with as few mishaps as possible.
“I’m done talking tonight. I have an early shift at the coffee shop.” He backs away and starts down the hall before he stalls in his doorway one last time. “Good luck on your exam tomorrow,” he says, before his door slams shut.
The wait for the train took nine minutes and thirteen seconds.  He counted each one because every cell in his body was aching to be anywhere else and pretend none of this ever happened.
He let out a pleased sound.  “I could possess you instead, or I could lie in wait.  I’m not particular on the details, but my way you at least get to fuck it out,” he offered, as if it were a simple business negotiation.
But as quickly as it never happened, fingers wrapped around the handle of the paring knife buried under the autumn leaves and brought the blade to Dean’s throat, hand shaking in a silent battle.  Before Castiel could retract it, the top of the blade pierced the soft hollow of his throat.  Ripe blood surged and steamed once it hit the air and Castiel stilled, horrified as Dean’s body wracked and convulsed.
“Cas?”  Dean had lowered his blade, soles of his boots crunching against the wet straw strewn about the sea of blood on the barn floor.  He sounded disbelieving, hesitant.  In all truth, he sounded frightened.  He approached from behind with a healthy dose of caution that if Castiel hadn’t been the monster he’d become he might’ve even had the gall to be offended.
“Is there something else I can help you with?”
“Why’s that?  You could probably pick whoever you wanted.”
When Dean afforded him a glance in the reflection of the passenger side window, it was stained black with wanton lust.  “You sure?”
Dean’s hand hurt where it gripped the fork. He forced himself to calm down, but it wasn’t easy.  He rubbed at his pinched eyes and exhaled hard.  “Fine.  You want to know why not?  Because it’s not as simple as all that, Sam!  It’s not easy.  My life is complicated and messy out here and I wish I could tell you about it— believe me, I do— but I- I just can’t.  I’m doing what I need to in order to keep that roof over your head and that’s gotta be enough for you.  I don’t need you looking at me any different for it just like everybody else, okay?  I don’t need it!”
“Yeah, me too.”  Self-consciously, Dean scanned the street before tugging Sam into one of those awkward one-armed bro hugs, but it meant more than that, he just didn’t have the words to say it.  Whatever it was, Sam got it.  He always did.  “Night, Bitch.”
Dean cut him off.  “Nah, you know what you think you know about me.  Guarantee I’m not whoever that douche is.  So this is me, introducing myself to you, and my name’s Dean.”  He shifted his awaiting hand for emphasis.  “And you are?”
That was when Castiel woke up.
“Castiel, stop.  I can’t listen to this,” Balthazar interjected, suddenly exasperated all over again.  “You might be suddenly capable of forgiving and forgetting, but I can’t.  I can’t be there for you the way you so obviously need me to be.  And I’m sorry about Mrs. Birdell and everything else, truly I am, I know how difficult your father can be for you, but I can’t just sweep the rest under the rug and go back to being your own personal doormat to walk all over while you welcome others in,” he said.  “I won’t,” he corrected indignantly.
Sam raised his hands to his hips and stared down at him with that stupid constipated face of his, acting like he knew more about Dean than Dean did.
“J. C. Novak,” he stated, thoughtfully.  “What's the ‘C’ stand for?”
His full name was James Castiel Novak, but that wasn’t something this random student needed to know.  Castiel side-eyed the abstract visage of the tall young man before glancing back at the form in his hand in order to find the student’s name.  “It stands for see you next Tuesday... Mr. Winchester.  On time, I hope.”
He lingered on the notion as he trudged up the cement steps to his apartment.  Dean had called him dense, and for what?
Balthazar threw his head back on a mocking laugh.  “Somehow, I find that hard to believe, Cassie.”
“Yeah, thought that’s why we were ‘celebrating’,” he pointed out with a laugh.
“Whatever” is all he says, specifically ignoring the weird look from Sam who's probably wondering when Dean bothered to corrupt Cas with dick words or, more importantly, why. Jack is still oblivious and is focusing on his letters.
"Don't ever do that to me again!"  Dean pushed him away just far enough to inspect Cas’ face.  His eyes were the same blue as he remembered.  The stubble on his jaw the same prickle against his skin.  But he was different, somehow.  Smaller, maybe.  Something wasn’t right.  “Jesus, Cas, you’re supposed to be dead.  What the hell happened to you?  Why would you do that to me?”
“Please,” Castiel said, getting to his feet, “Take the couch.  It’s more comfortable.”  He scooped up the dishes on his way towards the kitchen and Dean was left alone with his thoughts for the first time all night.  The main one being, what the hell just happened?
Dean laughed mirthlessly.  “Yeah, guess so.”
Benny plated up some scrambled eggs on two plates and grabbed some forks from the drawer waiting for an answer.  The question was straight forward enough, but for whatever reason the answer wasn’t.  He brought them over and set one plate in front of Dean on the coffee table, letting him choose to eat it if he wanted to.  And Dean did eat it, but only because it served as a way to avoid the conversation.  His jaw felt swollen and it hurt to chew.  Dean knew if he got up and looked in the bathroom mirror right now the skin on his face would be dark with deep purples and blues.  It would be worse than it looked last night.
After placing the form into his backpack, he turned and headed back to the door.  Pausing briefly with a hand on the frame, he looked back at Castiel who had attempted to look busy by shuffling his mess around.  “You know,” he started, hesitantly again, but once Castiel looked up from his desk to meet his eyes his confidence seemed to bolster with the unease he must have seen there, “Mr. Winchester is my father.  I prefer Dean.  One syllable -- easier to call out.”
Kevin doesn’t even afford him a glance. He rolls his eyes and shoves an earbud in, attempting to ignore them both altogether.
“Castiel, I’m going to level with you,” she said.  “It’s your senior year.”
“Oh, actually…”  Cas’ voice trails off into uncertainty, but it’s enough to stop him, prompting Dean to turn around and really look at him.
“Oh, Cassie, please.  You’re a terrible liar, always have been.  Surely you didn't drink yourself silly and ignore me for nothing, so out with it.”
Of course, getting two rooms seemed like a great idea at the time.  Dean had wanted his own room simply because of the argument they’d had about Jack and the fact Dean’s a petty bitch sometimes.  In hindsight now, it was the worst thing he probably could have done.  Hindsight is always 20/20.
Cas looks like he could kill him on sight, his jaw clenches and his nostrils flare to match.  His hand tightens on the doorknob, but Dean can only take this awkward staring contest for so long before he remembers that Cas is still naked, still tan, still sporting a big blue dildo.
“Well, you would have if you hadn't ignored my call on the way over here.”
“You sure?” he presses, despite himself. “I used to hold Sammy’s at all his check-ups. Heard I’m pretty good at it.”
“Um,” Castiel started, “I don’t—“
“Just kind of embarrassing is all,” he offered, pathetically.  Seemed like a good enough excuse.  Aaron seemed to believe it anyway.
“Work with me a little, buddy,” he muttered under his breath as he supported Castiel’s weight through the screen door.
“An okay penis,” Castiel recited in monotone.  “It’s more than okay,” he muttered back, but Charlie waved him off.
“Sam, you’ll call, right?  If you need assistance?  Or if you find something worth our attention?”
Castiel huffed.  “Because I would remember,” he said not tearing his attention away from the pages.  He wanted Castiel to play along, to take the bait, but Castiel didn’t want to give him the satisfaction.  Fishing around in his pocket, Castiel clutched the vial of holy water in his fist and he closed his eyes to deliver a silent prayer for himself.  The Lord’s Prayer.
They sat like that in silence for a few minutes.  Castiel half-heartedly pretending to sketch a hand and Dean plucking at a loose string on his frayed jeans.  The simple action was almost shy, which was entirely dissimilar to what Castiel had come to understand as Dean in these few short weeks.  The awkwardness was smothering without the safety of a buffer.  Something was bound to break it.
“I’ll try.”  He pulled his messenger bag across his chest and shouldered his laptop carrier before gathering up his trenchcoat in his arms.  “Well, if you change your mind, don’t hesitate to--”
Castiel took the holy water in his hand once more and he dribbled the last remaining drops on Dean’s wrists just to be sure.  No burning, no welts.  Thrusting the crucifix into his slack hands, he checked this too.  No reaction.
Cas stares down at him on the bed, eyebrow raised ever so slightly, with the hint of a smirk.  And man, that can really do things to a guy like Dean.  “I think you know how.”
Dean’s face hardened.  “Know what?”
“No face.  A wall hit my hand,” he joked offhandedly.  Ellen sized him up, eyes silently scrutinizing in a way that made Dean uneasy.  Pitying if he cared to look.  “Sorry.  It, uh, won’t happen again.”
He brought the phone back to his ear then and let his teeth sink into his lip until the flesh turned white.
“How’s Mom?”
A bright grin flashed briefly across Dean’s face.  Clearly unswayed by the taste, Dean’s smile drifted away, but he stared at Castiel’s lips again and met his eyes as if in wonder.  All gold-flecked irises and auburn freckles in the sunlight.  He was looking at Castiel like he was something else entirely.  Like a precious pearl found at the bottom of the ocean.  Like he was an oasis in the desert.  But he was just Castiel.  He was still a dick, and he wasn’t any different than he had been a month ago.  Dean just didn’t need to know that much.
Castiel nodded, even though Dean couldn’t really see him.  “And for how long have these thoughts been plaguing you?”
“Sorry,” he murmured.  “Please continue.”
“He’s worse.”  Sam cleared his throat once they got to the top of the porch steps.  “We, uh, had to chain him up.  He’s in the basement now.  Just thought you should know what you’re walking into.”
“Yeah?  Maybe.  But you're still in a bad mood,” he replied.  “And I really didn't get to do much touchin’ last time, so…”
Are you even listening to me?”
“Fuck,” Dean breathed to himself, stretching out his jaw.
On the walk over, they shot the shit about Sam’s new supposed ‘girlfriend’ and Dean couldn’t miss out on the chance to rag on him the rest of the way to the diner for the sheer naivety of believing marriage would be in the cards for them.  A girlfriend at 14 was next to pointless in Dean’s opinion, but it was his brotherly duty to give him the rundown of the sex talk anyway, much to Sam’s discomfort.
And after a week of not talking, call him crazy, but Dean kind of likes the sound of that.
“Mick,” he said, offering out his hand.  British accent.
“A choice?”
“I don’t care what Sam says,” he calls out to the bedroom, “we’re definitely getting one of these damn rain shower heads for the bunker.”
“I- I don’t know,” he murmured.
“Yeah, but either way it’s your crap,” she countered, “So be proud of it!  Or I’ll have to be proud enough for the both of us and you probably don’t want that.”
At the word ‘essay’, quiet groans erupted around the room and Castiel rolled his eyes.
Tilting his chin to nudge the side of Castiel’s face, Dean captured his ear lobe between his teeth, grazing over the thin skin.  “Harder,” he urged.
They pay for the gas on pump 4 and they pay for the now exchanged snacks, some granola bars, apples, string cheese, water, and of course, the candy bar, before climbing back into the bench seat of the Impala.  The engine rumbles to life and Sam checks his phone, finding nothing, before putting her into drive.  He’s surprised honestly that neither Dean nor Cas have texted to either check up or to ream him a new asshole for taking the car.  He doesn’t know whether to be relieved or concerned by that, but he chooses to be neither, because feelings like that were risky all things considered.
Roughly slinging his bag over his shoulder, Castiel stalked towards the bike rack only to find that his three-speed was nowhere to be found.  And wasn’t that just the cherry on top of another day in his shitty life?   He closed his eyes, clenched his fists, and counted to ten.  When he opened them, he could still feel Dean hovering behind him in that expectant way of his.  Just waiting for the world to fall at his feet.
Why were his hands shaking?  Maybe this feeling was regret.
Dean undid Castiel’s belt buckle easily, letting the leather straps hang loosely in their loops, and popped the button.  The whispering hiss of the zipper sounded in the air between them.
“Yes, I did--” Jack starts, but Sam’s leading him away while the man finishes paying for his order.
Crowley heaved Castiel up by the shoulders until he appeared somewhat steady, but when he let go, Castiel wobbled where he stood.  “What, so he can ruin my upholstery in more creative ways?”
Benny wasn’t there yet, but Dean was quiet anyway.  It had been a long day and Dean didn’t want to hear anything else today.  Going to the tiny kitchenette, Dean rummaged around in the fridge, grabbed a tupperware of leftover spaghetti and he snagged the bottle of whiskey off the top while he was there.  He ate the spaghetti cold and drank the whiskey warm.
“What more would you like me to say?  Everything you’ve said is true.  Unless, you'd like for me to argue you.”  Because Castiel didn't want to stop, but he wasn't going to force Dean to do anything he didn't want to do.
“I dunno,” he shrugged a shoulder, trying to sweep the question under the rug, but Castiel offered nothing else in return.  “I guess--”  Clearly nervous, Dean swallowed, throat clicking, and wiped his sweating palms on his thighs before he confessed, “...I guess ever since you came to town?”
“Yeah, don’t you have a roommate you can annoy?” adds Kevin.
His hand turned the brass knob with a click and the wooden door creaking on its hinges cut the silence.
“Cas--”
“What happened to Dean Winchester, the heartbreaker?”
“Yeah, uh, yeah,”  Dean peeled his eyes from the spot the guy was touching on his arm to look him in the eye.  He was smiling at him, sincerely.  He gulped.  “You’re welcome.”
Sam gapes at him.  “Cas, you said you couldn’t think of anything of ‘import’!  You didn’t think any of this was important!?”
“Could you explain why you're here?”
“The whole thing.”
Beyond the heat spreading across Dean’s cheeks, there’s a familiar one blooming somewhere deep inside him and he chalks it up to the fact that listening to people fuck would have the same effect on anyone. Less of a who and more of a what situation. It’s natural. He presses the heel of his hand against his semi to will away whatever burgeoning thoughts are causing the record in his head to scratch, but every time something slams against the wall more blood leaves his brain and another bit of retained information falls out of Dean’s skull.  And despite what the package claims, these headphones are definitely not ‘noise-canceling’ because if they were, Dean wouldn’t be able to hear the exact moment the impending, trembling orgasm violently rips through his best friend.
Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand almost subconsciously as he steeled himself.  “You really wanna know?”
“You too,” he breathed, shifting his weight uneasily.  “But, uh, that’s not why I called you, Bobby.  I actually was hoping you could do something for me?”
“You’re grumpy again.  What’s wrong?”
He was practically skipping down the hallway back towards the kitchen with excitement as Cas was just finishing up setting the table… for one.
Maybe he was getting a lot ahead of himself just then, but he really liked the sound of that.  “What, you don’t want to come look at it with me?  I smell or somethin’?”
“Dean,” Castiel found himself saying, rather breathlessly if he had to admit it.  “I thought you were at the bar.  Why are you here?”
When Cas entered Dean’s mind he had no idea what he would find.  He's done it before.  The tranquil serenity of a fishing dock on a lazy afternoon.  The familiar comforts of a small town bar with cheap beer on tap.  The open road.  He even remembers a time when Dean told him Anna had found him in a strip club.  These aren't unexpected places for Dean's mind to wander.  They make sense.  For all intents and purposes, finding Dean in the bunker, in his room, makes the most sense in the world, but for the life of him, Cas can't figure out why he was there too… Like that.  Because Cas told Dean he loved him once on a dirty barn floor, and was reminded time and again of his place in whatever fraternal daisy chain they have going on here.
“Thank you, I’m well aware.”
Finding his resolve, Castiel turned his back toward the club.  He approached the water, placing his briefcase at his feet.  He rested his elbows down on the salt-worn rail while he picked at the charcoal-induced calluses forming on his fingertips; he’d made more drawings in some vain attempt to fool his brain.  The twinkling of the lights on the water’s surface reminded him of the night he met the dancer who called himself Damien, but they were just reflections watching him from across harbor.  They weren't playing with him like they had been that night.  The slow blinks of the harbor lights going with the motions.  Red, yellow, green lights muddled in the black.  He stared at them for an indefinite amount of time.  A cool, autumn breeze came in off the water causing the tail end of his trench coat to billow and sweep around him, the salted air sticking to the exposed skin of his face and sculpting the mess of hair atop his head into something unruly.
Cas’ steel gaze shifted to graze the hard edges of Dean’s clenched jaw in silent contemplation. “Are you ignoring me on purpose today or is this your own way of punishing me?”
Castiel snorted to himself, eyes lazily surveying the dusky violet sky, as he took stock of the visible stars through the crown.
With that Dean was out the door.
“This painting is about surmounting obstacles and discovering one’s identity.  It is in no way, shape, or form a depiction of male genitalia.  Just because you’re too primitive to understand the artist’s statement doesn’t mean you’re right.”
Dean took another pull from the crappy beer, swishing it around before he swallowed.
“No!  No.  Just… We could call Bobby,” he appealed, “Tell him to come pick you up.”
Begrudgingly, he settled in the student lounge down the hall to continue on with his coursework, ignoring the jealous monster eating away at him.  Yet still, even with the mental images of Dean and Lisa springing unbidden in his mind, the unsolicited advice to just tell Dean how he felt was wearing away at his resolve to take this whole embarrassing debacle to the grave.
Dean rolled his eyes as he backed out of the swinging door.
“Hmm, ‘stuff’?  I’m listening...”
Castiel bit his bottom lip to hold back another groan.  He fought to take his eyes off the restrained cock sheathed in dainty black lace, feeling the saliva pool under his tongue, but he finally assented and spread his legs wider.  Welcoming.  Damien took the invitation, sinking down once more into Castiel’s heated lap, knees pinning him in on either side.  He placed one hand on the back of the sofa, one on Castiel’s knee, hovering just out of reach of his almost painful erection and began to rock his hips along with the rhythm.  A tortuously slow pace following some invisible barrier against the curve of Castiel’s groin and stomach.  He clenched his fists as tight as he could to ground himself in the moment causing Damien to chuckle again.
Resting the paper down on the stack, Dean considered it and snorted.  “I mean, I wasn’t sure if you were for real.  Just didn’t want special treatment,” he said tapping the tips of his fingers against the stack.
He pushed it from his mind as he peeled back the skin of a slightly over-ripe banana and fed Michelangelo.  The cat would probably kill him and eat the remains if he missed his scheduled dinner, he mused.
“Yeah?  No kidding.  Look more like E.T. in that sweatshirt.”
Ellen outright laughed.  “Then, no.  Not unless somebody’s face was on the other end of that.”
Right.  Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Fine, Damien then.  Is he available?”
Dean managed to make it to the laundromat with minimal mishaps; he only dumped the hampers once while going down the steps from the apartment, so he was considering that a victory all on its own.  Normally when he went to the laundromat it was after busy hours so he could get some peace and quiet and use whatever and however many machines he wanted, but right now was peak business hours and it was a disaster as far as Dean was concerned.  He’d somehow managed to snag two machines in the corner, but one of them had been making janky noises everytime it spun and Dean was just glad it’d been the one with his clothes instead of the one with Benny’s bedding.
Pointedly, Dean sat in silence, contemplating over his frozen yogurt.  Was Castiel pissed off because of him?  Was this his fault?  Should he say something?  His free hand subconsciously clutched around the phone in his pocket.  Maybe he should’ve reached out already.  “Maybe he’s just having a bad day,” he proffered.  Though if anyone should know Castiel was prone to douchebag behavior, it should have been Dean.
What he wanted to do just then was text Balthazar and go grab a table for brunch, his finger was already hovering over the name before he could think any better of it, but he couldn’t do that now could he?  So he didn’t.
“Okay, better question: Why are you playing nursemaid to this fucking faggot?”  Michael butted back in.  “I’m in the middle of kicking your ass and he’s literally always on something.  It’s not like this is news.”
His voice was a rough, smoky timbre and it reminded Castiel of the crackling of firewood.  Though, he didn’t think one needed to be a medical professional to be informed of the health risks that cigarette smoking could pose.
“Well, who in the hell asked you?”
On the one hand, he could hop on his bike right now to go fuck her on the off chance it might help alleviate his symptoms.  On the other hand, he’d always stayed till the end of every football game this stupid school has ever hosted on sheer stubborn principle alone.  He glanced down to his groin and noticed, with a weary sigh, his dick was laying there just about as uselessly as he was.
Sam looks as though he wants to put up an argument, but he inevitably caves with an overdramatic huff.  “Fine,” he says, getting back to his feet, “but I’m not just going to let this drop.  I still want to know what you saw so we can figure this out, but I guess we can figure it out once we get home.”
“A friend?”  Sam glanced over at him, far more equally than Dean was used to.  If he noticed the tear tracks staining Dean’s cheeks he didn’t mention them. Right about now, Dean could really appreciate that.
And then— there’s Cas.
“Right.  So, when are you gonna leave?”
“He’s gone,” murmurs Jack, still clearly wallowing in his failure. “The hex bag. It cast some sort of spell on him that knocked him unconscious, I think, but then he disappeared. He tried to use the spell we found in the library, but nothing happened. I think maybe he got a word wrong, or, I’m not sure. I should have said it.”
It was almost embarrassing how close he was so soon, but it was Cas— Cas could take him apart with just a look.  He had before actually, if only just the one time.
Dean closed the door softly with a click and stared down the long hallway with its seeping warmth.  The floorboards creaked under his heavy boots as he carried himself to the end.  It opened up to the living room where Castiel was slumped over on the couch with his nose stuffed in a book, presumably to appear detached and unassuming, but Dean didn’t doubt he’d heard that entire exchange.  He cleared his throat and spoke.
“Uh, y’know, I don’t actually know.  Too long, I s’pose.”  Dean gave a huff of a laugh and thumped his head against the wall of the confessional.  “You tell me,” he joked uncomfortably.
He wasn’t being petty that Dean hadn’t reached out to him.  He wasn’t.
“Okay, jeez, I'll show you, just put me down.  Gently.”
“Yeah, well, that don’t mean I can’t give it my best shot,” he retorted.  “But you should know, boy, if you’re worried about Sam you don’t need to be.  I got a spare room that gets pretty empty what with you gone off to college now so whenever you want to send him along, it ain’t no trouble.”
Spearing a few less than crisp, leafy greens with his fork, Sam considers the best way to answer the question.  Lying was a tricky thing in their family.  It’s basically the Winchester way.  Do something behind the other’s back purely because it’s in their best interest.  Lie about it the whole time until everything works itself out in the end.  The ends justify the means every time.  At least, that’s the kind of shoddy moral high ground they tended to use.  It’s worked so far.  Still, Jack wants a genuine answer and he deserves to hear some reasoning that’s sounder than their messed up upbringing.
Dean gave a slight nod and rolled himself over to face the window again, settling into the wall of comforting heat that was Castiel’s body on the other side of the bed.  “Still think you’re kind of a dick, though,” he added, drifting off.
Sam isn’t sure if he inherited that trait from Cas or from Dean.  Maybe it was in equal measure.  “Well, IHOS has veggie burgers.  It’s practically the same thing,” Sam appeals, scrolling their menu.
Cas babbled off the recipe from the blog, his voice tinged with enthusiasm now for the first time all night. Much like the intro on a recipe blog, Dean didn’t retain any of that information, but he knew then that he’d endure about a hundred more of these disgusting things if it meant he could keep that look on Cas’ face.
There’s no answer, of course.
Dean perfunctorily chokes on his beer then, pounding his chest to clear it. “Gay?” he asks between tear-inducing coughs.  “Like- like a lesbian?”  That crease is back again in full force on Cas’ face and Dean can’t help feeling it would’ve been better not to say anything at all. “You told me when a trans guy likes girls they’re straight,” he attempts to clarify.
Mr. Adler gave them both a blank stare like he almost bought the bullshit story they were trying to weave, but instead he gave them a patronizing smile.  “I don’t care.  You’ve both earned yourselves a weeks detention.”
Charlie facepalmed.  “Oh, I dunno, Dean, because you have eyes.”
Clearing his throat, Castiel interrupted him.  “Dean— why are you telling me any of this?”
“Glad I’m nothing like him,” Dean said almost as an afterthought. Lately, he felt like he’d been saying that a lot.
Closing up the laptop, he placed it on the nightstand and reached to turn the light off too.  He climbed under the covers and nestled himself in, waiting for the inevitable leap from his cat to join him at the foot of the bed.
Later, when Dean returned to Table 4 to hand them the bill, Castiel and Professor Roche were already gone.  They left more than enough money sat on the table, though, practically tipping Dean the same amount as the bill.  Most servers would be ecstatic probably.  Jo would have been.  She would have came skipping into the kitchen shoving it in Dean’s face if she’d ever been tipped that much.  But taking the folded bills in his hand, Dean just felt cheap.  Like Castiel got one good look at Dean behind the curtain and suddenly he was the human tragedy again instead of some glorified piece of ass.  Neither option were particularly good, but one was certainly better than the other.  He didn’t want Castiel’s money.  He gave it back at the club for this exact reason and maybe another that Dean wasn’t allowing to come to the surface right now.  What did it matter anyway?  He was obviously taken.  But he had missed a couple shifts at the club over the weekend and he couldn’t afford not to take it, so as much as he hated himself for doing it, he pocketed the money and bit back the bitter taste staining the back of his throat.
“Fine, I see how it is.” Dean is also resolutely not sulking in his losses.
There was still silence on Castiel’s end of the line.  “Dean?” he finally asked.  “...Are you alright?”
“D-Dam-,” he choked out a moan around the syllable, but he couldn't get the name out.
Dean wades through the foggy mire of his mind for the ghost of understanding.  He remembers going to the wharf the night before and drinking his friend Benny under the table on a lark, but this- this wasn’t from inebriation.  He remembers the man at the saloon who’d been quicker with a dagger and the mental turmoil he’d been trying so desperately to erase with liquor before it fully dawned on him that perhaps he’s always had a death wish, only now, without Sam, there wasn’t any reason to fight it.
Staring up at the ceiling, tracing the edges of the old, faded water stain in the plaster, Castiel thought about bruises and how physical hurt was fleeting.  Dean’s bruise would fade too and his knuckles would heal, but that didn’t matter.  Knowing Dean didn’t really matter.  There was someone to blame.  Whether Dean trusted Castiel enough to share that information was irrelevant really.  The idea that someone could look into a face as pure and unfiltered as Dean’s and impose their darkness onto that light was close to blasphemy as far as he was concerned.  And then he wondered if his words had anything to do with Dean being hurt.  The mere possibility made his heart weigh heavy.
“Shhh,” Castiel soothed, “I’m coming back.”  Then the sound of a foil packet ripping between teeth cut the air.  There were the sounds of Castiel rolling the condom on and the click of the lubricant bottle filled the room, then he warmed it between his fingers.  He was kneeling at the end of the bed while he did, taking in the sight of Dean’s exposed hole waiting for him, his flushed cock lying heavy against his stomach.  “You’re beautiful,” he said, as if in awe, and Dean could feel the heat spreading across his face and down his chest at the mere suggestion he was anything close.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You showered,” Castiel noted without taking his eyes off the droplets trailing down over Dean’s stomach as they disappeared into the towel.
“A disagreement,” Mr. Adler parroted snidely, as he eyed them both with suspicion.  “What disagreement is so important that it couldn’t have been had over lunch?”
He was obviously trying to assign some sort of context to this interaction.  His eyes scanned over Dean, cataloguing him like a new exotic species that had never been discovered or like a zoo animal that was out of its habitat enclosure.  Dean couldn’t decide which, but he could feel his synapses firing in every direction.  The constant push and pull of ‘don’t look at me’ and ‘never stop looking’.  Castiel returned his eyes to Dean’s face, but then they diverted to the left, absorbing the deep purple settled in there.
Not possible.
“Yeah, Cas,” he says with fond exasperation, “that’s a ‘yes.’”
There’s tension here and Dean doesn’t know how to cut it, so he simply offers, “Wanna help me make dinner?” and it seems to work infinitesimally.
“Dean,” says Cas in a hushed tone. Dean keeps on rifling through. “
Castiel murmured a thank you, but didn’t get up to retrieve it, despite it being one of his favorite snacks. Dean tossed it to him instead.
today?  How very rude of you.”
“You got it.”
“That’s besides the point, Dean, but duly noted.”
Draping himself over Castiel, Dean’s sweaty skin sticking to his back, he hummed along to another discordant melody, before he positioned his lips just shy of Castiel’s ear.  Their eyes still locked in the reflection, Dean’s black and shiny.  Poised and dangerous, compared to Castiel’s blue ones colored with desperation.  “Are you sure?”
“What else did I say,” Castiel spoke gently, “Last night, I mean.”
Balthazar scoffed at the simple notion, which only further reminded Castiel why, after all this time, they would always just remain friends no matter how many times his friend offered more.  He scanned the streets as Castiel walked slowly behind him, taking in the cool night air and the city lights.  They were twinkling across the water, almost playfully, and Castiel felt himself smiling.  Though, moments later he suddenly felt like he hit a brick wall.
“Cas?...  Jack?”  Sam whisper shouts from somewhere in the hall.
grumpy.”  Wordlessly, Dean raised an eyebrow and Castiel rolled his eyes.  “Truthfully I’ve never gotten drunk before, so I wouldn’t know,” he admitted, staring at the ground.  He could feel Dean’s face light up without even having to see it.
Dean flicked his eyes to the rearview mirror to find Sam and Jess pointedly looking out the windows.  “Oh, I dunno, beats me.”
The main room of the club was dark; pulsing blue lights casting an ethereal glow to match the tempo of the layered melody of the filler music.  There must have been a fog machine hidden somewhere, but the light mist only enhanced the effects of the slow strobing.  Everyone’s attention was fixed on the stage, front and center.  The main attraction.  Apparently, they were just in time to catch the show and the buzzing of the crowd only grew in anticipation as the minutes ticked by.
There were too many of them and the warmth flaring under his skin was getting claustrophobic.  When he unclenched his eyes, the living room swam into focus.  It was just a living room.  He distinctly didn’t want to be in it anymore just on the off chance it changed back into something else.
The garbage.  Great.  Well, at least it was something.
Dean snorted and bashfully scratched at the back of his neck.  “I’ve thought about you too,” he admitted with a shy, crooked smile.  It was endearing in a way that the typically cocky, self-assured Dean was not and it was then that Castiel decided to take the leap.
The streetlights smeared across the windshield and the radio had been turned down low. Just a murmur to fill the peaceful quiet as they rolled on down the I-35 towards Lebanon.
Sam looked to Dean then, biting the inside of his cheek.
Michael raised his open palms in pathetic defense and Castiel’s free hand automatically went searching for the pocketknife he kept tucked away in his boot.  Just as the blade snapped out and tickled under Michael’s chin, it was out of his grip, skittering away down the hall, and Castiel was being roughly dragged to his feet, boots screeching across the floor.  He met the lockers again in a daze, a strong forearm pressed into his throat as Michael scrambled to his feet with legitimate fear in his eyes.
The wood floor was digging in against his spine as they laid shoulder to shoulder, but it barely registered. Against the fading light of the sky, Castiel’s blue eyes were practically glowing, and not for the first time in his relatively short life, Dean got lost in them a moment too long. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he thought Polaris looked pretty dim in comparison. But then Castiel’s head lolled to the side, catching him in the act, and his mouth quirked in fond confusion at whatever dumb expression was showing on Dean’s face.
Empty.
When had Dean bothered to look up his name?
“Go ahead, say whatever you’re gonna say.”
He chews his lip as that little ellipse bounces around again for what feels like forever; his anxiety eats through his nerves the longer it goes on, not being able to fathom the essay he was surely about to receive, when suddenly it disappears altogether.
I posted this at 3am and realize this sounds abundantly ominous lol. The next chapter isn't going to lead you to ruin I simply meant I hope it makes up for everything lol
“You’re lucky,” Castiel chuckled, “I don’t usually drink coffee.”
“You could come up,” she murmured against his ear, “If you want.”
“Sam?”
“As I was saying…  Crowley’s looking into something that seems… promising.  In fact…”  The door clicked behind her and he heard the familiar dip and groan of her mattress springs.   “...They want to meet up tomorrow night.”
Ultimately, Dean didn’t knock.
“That’s bullshit!  Do you even hear yourself?  Since when have I ever looked at you differently?”
“My weed,” he enunciated, “You know maryjane... ganja... the devil’s lettuce... Fuck, I could really use that right now.”
The four of them got the cheeseburger because they didn’t really have a choice.  They were greasy and gooey and warm, and just the kind of thing Dean was looking for in the moment.  Based on the way Castiel hadn’t said much since the plate landed in front of him, he must’ve felt the same way and Dean wasn’t really one to argue with that.  Eating didn’t require talking in his professional opinion.
“Cas, I,” he stammered as Castiel pushed a moan from his chest, “I lo--”
“You heard me,” Michael said, raising his chin in a weak attempt at bravado.  “Why don’t you suck my dick, you useless Faggot?
“I’ve seen you before,” Dean accuses.  “At the night market.”  He suddenly gasps at the gnawing ache— he’s never felt this way before, not even when sacrificing his meals during lean season. He clutches the bed post for support, yet still he trembles, feeling like he’s been dosed with opium and arsenic.  “What have you done to me?”
“What is
Just then, Castiel emerged from the bathroom, donning his reading glasses and squinting down at a bottle of what Dean presumed were antihistamines.  The tablets clacked as he turned it around in his hands.  He held the bottle out to Dean.  “These should help... I hope.”  Dean took it with a murmured ‘thanks’ and Castiel nodded, “Of course.”  As Dean took two, Castiel looked to Sam then.  “You’ll have to forgive me,” he said, “I didn’t realize that when Dean said his brother was in trouble that meant his brother was going to appear on my doorstep.”
And really, what was it to Castiel?
“Why?  What’s he want?”  Benny just shrugged as if to say ‘fuck if he knew’.  Crowley was an elusive bastard whenever he wanted something.  Rolling his eyes, Dean adjusted the straps weighing on his shoulder.  “Well, I’m here now so if you see him again tell him to eat it.”
“She's still got my weed,” he reasoned with a shrug, “And I need a ride home.”
Removing his cap, he squeezed past Dean into the entryway.  “Good to see ya.”
With a long huff, he stuffed all his freshly laundered clothes back into the hamper, balling the panties up in his fist.  He marched up multiple flights of stairs, fuming the whole way, stormed down the long hallway towards their dorm, purposely ignoring the sock, but when he abruptly entered the room, Dean was laid out on his bed shirtless, brazenly looking at a pornographic magazine with one hand tucked into the front of his undone jeans, his lower lip caught between his teeth.
“You’re going to have fun cleaning yourself out later,” he teased as he caught his breath and hooked his chin over Dean’s shoulder.  He could have sat like that forever.  Dean in his lap, pressed against his chest, as he plugged him up.  But they didn’t have forever.
All things considered, he wasn’t having that much fun.
The bartender, whatever his name had been, gave a slight chuckle.  “Honestly, nothin’,” he said with a southern twang as he slung a damp rag over his shoulder.  What it was being used for was a mystery given the state of the bar.
“Ain’t no trouble,” he returned, easy smile never leaving his face all the while.
“It’s only curfew,” she reasoned, “you can be a few minutes late.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hungrily, Dean sucks and laps at the wounds, his mind swimming in a state of transcendent euphoria at the heady taste of iron and salt thickly coating his tongue and teeth.  The needy whimpers turn into wanton moans like a symphony swelling in his ear.
Dean propped himself up on his elbows to watch as Castiel kicked his boots off onto the braided rug.  He struggled with his leather jacket before flinging it to some forgotten corner and then he reached for the hem of his dress shirt in an attempt to yank it off without having to undo any of the buttons.  Inevitably, it got stuck over his head.
“Fuck,” Dean panted, “Keep doin’ that.”
Checking the time on the front of his phone screen, Castiel weighed his options.  He hadn’t seen Dean dancing on the main stage.  He hadn’t seen him intermingling with the drunken patrons around the dim club floor.  He hadn’t seen Dean at all.  But he placed yet another twenty on the sticky bartop and headed down to the basement anyway, taking a seat in one of the chairs lined up against the wall.
“Why not?  Y’all used to be friends or whatever.  And no offense, but you seem to care more than everybody else here.”
Before Castiel’s hazy brain could catch up, Dean’s slim frame was crowding him backwards against the sofa without even touching him.  The cushion hit just below the knee as he unceremoniously fell back into it.
The sound of Castiel’s dead heart beating causes Dean’s vision to swirl and his stomach to turn, but the ache within him claws at his insides and he’d be remiss to decline.  Still, he presses his lips into a thin, white line and turns his head away.  “No,” he pathetically protests, pushing at Castiel’s chest with his fists, “I won’t do it!”
That kind of anticlimactic meet-cute shouldn’t warrant a personally signed love letter, but Dean was conditioned to expect blunt force trauma for every fuck up he’d ever caused.  Sometimes even for the ones he hadn’t too.  At the time,“It’s not your fault” seemed like a novel concept in comparison.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “You have to actually interact with other human beings, Dean.  Nobody cares if you don’t know anything about art.  Just look at it.”
“You were very nearly dead,” Castiel supplies as if it helps anything. “Condolences,” he adds to the crumpled look on Dean’s face.
They laughed through the first number.  ‘It's Raining Men’ accompanied by half naked men carrying hoses should always warrant a fit of hysterics.  Castiel feared his eyes might be permanently creased from it, but was completely happy to wipe the tears out of his eyes in doing so.   He felt light as a feather and similar to a bucket of molasses simultaneously.  He couldn't feel his face, he just knew he was still smiling.  It stayed that way through the second, equally corny song choice.  Something about riding ponies and being horny with the appropriate prop use of leather riding crops.  Castiel actually found the spanking arousing, despite his laughter, but he was never one to publicly display that side of himself, intoxicated or not.  It wasn't until the fifth performance did he begin to question that character trademark at all when a silhouetted figure walked out onto the stage carrying a chair of their own.
“That doesn’t surprise me in the least.”
Dean laughed at his pissy face.  “For a smart guy, you can be pretty dense sometimes, huh?”
Dean dimly laughed; it wasn’t his usual.  “Nothin’, just, uh, Lisa dumped me at the bar last night.  Just met up with her to talk.”
“Do you, uh,” Dean starts, nerves or something like it catching the words in his throat.  “Do you want to watch a movie or somethin’?”
“Cuz you know, I
Benny laughed outright at that.  “Yeah, right.  Surefire way to become single if I’ve ever heard it.”
“There’s plenty of fish in the sea,” Sam somehow said unironically, “but you won’t find them on the couch.”  Dean didn’t budge and they seemed to have reached an impasse, but Sam wasn’t giving up that easily.  He sighed.  “For what it’s worth... there will be complimentary wine and cheese,” he supplied in a last ditch effort to heave Dean out of his ass print.
“Holy shit, that’s a massive dick.”
Of course it was Dean Winchester.
“I know you need to feed, Dean.  Don’t withhold on my account.”  Lifting a finger to his own throat, Castiel punctures himself with the tip of his taloned finger and it’s like watching a rosebud bloom in the snow.
Just to shut him up.
“What makes you say that?”
Aaron gave him a shy smile.  “Well, have you seen you?”
Castiel stared at it for a long moment like it was a trap, before taking it into his own.  It was warm and slightly calloused, maybe a little damp from the condensation on his beer, but nothing like the sweaty palms of the witch that dragged him upstairs earlier.  He found he liked this one more than he reasonably should.  For a frat bro, anyway.
“That’s because, despite what Ms. Barnes seems to think,  I don’t need to.  I already know the material.  But, hey, just thought you’d like to know you were royally fucking it up.”
“What?”  Dean looks at the overhead sign purposefully ignoring the heat spreading up to his ears.  “Shit,” he exclaims, quickly getting over to take the exit.  He mutters a “Jesus” under his breath while he finishes driving the rest of the ride in relative silence, sans the sounds of the blaring guitar riffs spilling out of the radio.
The first thought Dean had was how the fuck could they just let him do this to himself?  But in reality he knew Castiel was like a force of nature.  Controlling him was like trying to catch a goddamn hurricane with a butterfly net; Next to impossible and stupid to even try.  Nobody let Castiel do anything, he just did them and reaped the consequences later.   Yet here Dean was still trying to wake him up as someone unexpectedly dropped a pile of towels next to him on the cement.
“Nancy,” Castiel called out as he sniffed the armpits of a rumpled t-shirt he found on the floor.  “I’m heading out!”
Warily, Cas heaves a sigh.  “You have to understand, Sam, an incubus does not present itself the way a run of the mill demon would.  It doesn’t require a corporeal vessel to contain it, it can manifest through the astral plane as anyone it so chooses.  Anyone it decides will get it close enough to it’s victim to engage in sexual intercourse.  And-- Well,” Cas swallows, uselessly stuffing his hands in his coat pockets and staring at the floor, “When I’d entered Dean subconscious, it was very easy to locate.”  Cursing himself for breaking Dean’s privacy, he bit the bullet.  Cas chances a glance to Sam then to gauge whether or not he’s following along and all he’s met with is Sam’s scrunched up forehead eagerly anticipating a better explanation.  “The demon had taken my... shape, Sam.”
“Just tell him how you feel, Cas!”
Dean startled out of his silent brooding.  His eyes were automatically drawn down to the hand in question.  To the toilet paper sticking to the drying blood caked on his knuckles.  They were the color of the bricks he’d punched.  He’d been avoiding acknowledging it, hoping maybe Sam just wouldn’t notice.  He snorted to himself at that, at Sam not noticing; the kid could notice a shift in the breeze a mile out.
He followed Castiel down the stairs, silent the whole way, but as soon as the exit door swung open he was going off again.  “I don’t see what the big deal is here, I was simply looking out for your best interests!  I mean really, I was doing you a favor.  You would have regretted it in the morning,” he rambled, but Castiel wasn’t interested in what Balthazar had to say.
“You know it,” Dean replies.
“Dean!  It's a big percentage of your homework grade!  You can't just not do it.”
It’s the only thing Dean can see clearly.
The aluminum siding was peeling and sun-bleached even in the dark.  The grass was overgrown around the cement blocks.  The garden gnome was still at attention by the door, hands holding its little ‘welcome’ sign, but he wasn’t welcome here and he knew it.
“Right, what’s all this then?” Rowena says.
“Not ridiculous,” assured Castiel.  “Just incorrect.”  He resumed his gait once more, not wanting to be late for the next train pick-up.  He wasn’t sure what point Balthazar was trying to make.  Of course he hadn’t forgotten they’d been together before.  How could he forget?  Balthazar wouldn’t let him.  “I don’t want to give the wrong impression to anyone.”
The pulsing sound of the music over the sound system and the thrum of the entering crowd above alerted Dean that he needed to pick up the pace.  He slid on the metallic gold, latex booty shorts and appraised himself in the mirror for a second, turning to get a glimpse from all sides.  He missed a spot shaving on the back of his thigh, but he looked good, for all intents and purposes.  Good enough to get one private dance on the books at least.  He could hear the emcee asking questions to the crowd over the loudspeaker trying to get them excited or whatever his job was.  They had booze and the prospect of practically naked men parading themselves around for their entertainment, how much more excited did they need to be?
“Well, hello to you too, Cas,” Dean mused, leaning into his touch.
“Rowena,” Cas repeats in affirmation, scuffing his shoes on the cement floor.  “It’s a plan at least.”
“Like why the witch cast a binding spell in the first place?  Like what were they doing with those bodies?  Like, if you and Cas claim it wasn’t a djinn, then what the hell was it?”
Not anymore.
“I will show the slide for approximately one minute each and you will identify the piece with the information listed underneath the corresponding number.  It might not seem like it, but one minute should be sufficient.  If you miss one, save it until the last slide and I will go back as necessary.
“Bullshit.”  The hint of a smile lifts Dean’s lips as he taps the chip on the lip of the mug.  “Nobody likes a liar, Cas.”
Some people really never did change.
Distractedly, Castiel almost missed it when the light turned green, head still swimming in the clouds on his drive across town.  He was alerted by an obnoxious horn blaring from behind his old Cadillac, the only other one on the road at this hour.  “Yeah, I got it,” he irritably muttered aloud as he pressed his foot to the gas, shaking himself out of it.
“Yes, well, it's not me you should be apologizing to, but I guess that can't be helped now,” chastised Castiel.  He would be surprised if Dean returned to the table at all, given how that whole interaction transpired.
He swallowed tightly as he shut his eyes, thinking about the handful of months thinking he’d never see him again. About all the times he thought he was gone forever and how every time cut deeper and more irreparably than the last and trying to convince himself it wasn’t what he always knew it was.
tw homophobia
They disembarked at the junction of Water Street and East Main. Dean pulled out his phone again and quizzically read the address when they came upon the facade of a rundown old building that sat squarely in the center of the block.
It was a low blow, but not entirely untrue.  Mostly he just didn’t have anything better to do.
“You know what?  I'm done talkin’ about this.  It’s over.  I'm goin’ back to bed,” he says, making his way for the door.  Cas looks like he's going to stop him, but there's a flare of something in Dean’s eyes that makes him stand down.
“Yeah,” Dean whined, strangled with a moan, as Cas’ hand joined him on his dick.  “Wanna be good for you, Cas.  Make me come for you.”
That wasn’t the route Dean was expecting to go down, but he took the out anyway and suddenly he was feeling even more grateful than he’d ever been to have Charlie as his friend.
“Do you really think this will work?” Dean mocked, eyebrows twisting with pity.
“You have a class with my friend Charlie.”
They looked to the car then and sure enough the two were practically pressed against the window to watch them.  Castiel smiled and waved before turning back to Dean.  “I’d like that,” he said without missing a beat.  “Maybe I could show you some Rembrandt and you can show me who this Matt Brody guy is.”
Dean stops for a moment to look up at him, assessing the concerned crease in his brow illuminated by the blue moon, before continuing to sort out the guns and rock salt and whatever else. “Didn’t hear any other suggestions... I think it’s the best idea we’ve got, cover more ground that way. Besides, kid’s gotta learn somehow, consider it a teachable moment.”
“Your turn,” Dean says, a touch bitterly. He hates this game already. Cas chews his lip as he picks up the next card.
Castiel licks his lips, one hand straying to rest on his thigh. He wants to touch himself, but he’d rather work Dean into a mess first. That’d teach him to keep springing this sort of thing on Castiel.
Castiel watches as Dean threads the needle carefully, heating the sharp point in the flame of a candle.
“Coffee?”
Dean chuckles again. “I would, but I don't understand the damn cloud or whatever. Apparently it's not automatic? Charlie tells me now, when it's useless, that I gotta set it up once. So when I lost the phone, I lost everything. Lost his number.”
“You…” he hesitates, and lets out a sigh. “You leave. The whole silent treatment thing. No texts, no emails. You just drop off the face of the planet for a few days. Used to scare the crap out of me.”
Castiel looks in the face of the dead man. He’s a child. No more than nineteen. It doesn’t warp with the features of a demon. “It’s… gone now. I can’t tell.”
“I can’t heal,” Castiel points out, watching as Dean pushes his shoes under the bed, out of the way. “My grace is–”
Castiel huffs but he's finally forced to put his phone away just as Zachariah walks past his office. He breathes a sigh of relief because he’d managed to look up just in time to spot Zachariah across the floor, and had been able to sneak his phone back into his pocket. He resolves to work studiously for an hour, but he itches to respond. He doesn’t want Dean to think he’s ignoring him. But when he pulls his phone out, Dean’s sent him another picture.
When he shifts, the bed creaks in protest. A tickle in his throat triggers the first cough and that sets off many more. It’s painful. It doesn't abate for what feels like forever. What a strange thought. As an angel, he has spent millennia under heaven's orders. He has a real idea of the true measure of eternity. And yet, here he is, all too human and unable to tolerate more than a few moments of pain.
Castiel sighs, taking the plate from Dean and setting it aside. “Thank you, Dean.”
Stupid. He should’ve tried to conserve his energy. He should’ve listened to Dean.
“Cas, he’s in the basement, stuck in a devil’s trap, strapped to a chair in chains.” Sam shuts his eyes and they’re rimmed red and swollen. The words stick visibly in his throat, but he gets them out. “And his eyes. They’re black.”
Castiel shifts in bed, getting more comfortable as his half-hard cock twitches. He’s tempted to massage it into an erection, but he stops himself. He needs both hands at the wheel if he’s going to get Dean off first.
It’s probably stranger that they live together but don’t share a bed.
“Hey, Cas.”
Well, not right from the start. There was a good fifteen minutes when Castiel hadn’t been sure he’d make it to the main course, but after he’d explained…
It’s best to follow the path of least resistance, Castiel decides. If he ignores it, nothing will come of it, and in the morning he can delete the entire thread and that’ll be the end of it.
“Mhmm, let me just look for that. Should be lying around here somewhere. I’m Garth, by the way, and you are… ?”
He doesn’t.
“Cas, hold on,” Dean tries, his voice cracking.
“Yeah, well, take a good look,” Dean says with a snort. “Sam’s of the opinion he’s gonna cure me. And I don’t think– I don’t know, Cas. I’m just so tired of this. Crowley’s coming for me – the chains and cuffs are to slow him down and I’m gonna go. I know I am.”
“Nah,” Dean says, sounding light-hearted and playful, like he hasn't in a long time. It surprises Castiel into staring at him. There’s certainly something different about him. “I bet he’s a no-nonsense-Dunkin-Donuts-ditchwater-swilling kinda guy.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, all misery and gravel. “All I can do anymore. Run.”
Castiel thinks he’d rather err on the side of caution. “May I have a few of your cigarettes, if you can spare them?”
Sam looks at Castiel with so much pain in his eyes and says, “I’ve done something terrible, Cas. Worse than letting an angel possess him. Worse than tricking him. He knew what he was turning into. What the Mark was doing to him. And he didn’t want it.”
It takes him a few more seconds, but Dean manages a smile. “Give me another shot? Let’s eat. It’ll be nice.”
“I’m trying to set it up again, and the stupid thing is just–”
It’s true, humanity is painful. The amputation of his grace leaves Castiel over-sensitive to stimuli at first. Touch stings. Tastes overwhelm. Smells nauseate. Sounds, however, are bearable. Perhaps, Castiel reasons, it’s to do with being used to much higher frequencies. A greater sense of being. It’s not like there’s a self-help book for fallen angels. He spends a lot of the first fortnight of his fall struggling to mask his flinches and winces. He makes an effort not to protest aloud. If Dean notices, he chooses not to comment on it. Dean doesn’t comment on much lately.
It costs him. The Mark screams in fury, burns hotter than the flesh memories of hell. Skin melting, sizzling and ripping, sticking to wet, black, thorned whips. But. It's Cas. Mouth filled with blood, heart broken. Everything broken. Dean has pinned him down like a helpless bug and torn his wings, crushed him to dust. Dean fights back, and pays for it. He brings the blade down in a book, and he backs off, trembling, running.
When he enters the kitchen Bobby wordlessly hands him a mug. Castiel doesn’t bother protesting. He takes a sip and realizes that it’s coffee doctored with whiskey. Strangely, he finds it… fortifying.
“Sam hasn’t returned.”
He falls silent, overcome with frustration. He’s lost Dean. Breaking up with Daphne was difficult, and it was the right thing to do, but losing Dean has been harder on him. He’d sent too many texts that went unanswered. He stopped trying after two days, because if Dean didn’t answer then, what were the odds that he ever would again?
Castiel pauses, recalling Anna and Uriel. He hedges on, aware of Chuck listening intently. "I don't hate it here. I just don't belong here. The agony is pervasive and persistent. The ablutions are endless and exhausting. I am constantly tired. Sometimes the ache is triggered by emotions. I'm not accustomed to feeling so much."
“Right. Alright. I think we should go back to the station,” he suggests, squirming in discomfort before settling down. “They might have some answers for us.”
Dean gets up, and helps himself to a beer with a false cheeriness. It's ten in the morning here. It's six in the evening somewhere, if anyone asks. No one's asking. In light of the Mark, Dean supposes crippling alcoholism is the lesser of possible evils. Cas is still focussed on the avocado salad. Sam's making his coconut milk latte for Charlie in the kitchen probably. Dean's not sure, so he assumes. He's about to open his mouth and say something to Cas, but Cas plops the bright, buttery, lime green flesh of the avocado in his mouth, and Dean stops to stare at the explosion of expressions that cross Cas' features.
Dean rubs his forehead and sighs. “So, it’s been you all along. The guy I’m not over.”
Dean jumps, along with Cas. How did he forget they weren’t alone. He hears Sam hiss something angrily at Charlie and she looks sheepish but stays silent.
It doesn’t look good.
It’s a nice memory. Dean kissing him against the side of his car, cupping his cheek gently, murmuring, “... I think you’re really fucking cute, so I’ll let it pass.”
He’s about to hang up when Cas says hurriedly, “Dean, wait.”
Dean runs his fingers over the print. “Cas, tell me the truth. Is the answer in here? Is this– Is there a point to this? I mean, I don’t have a fucking clue. Do we have a chance or are we just sitting her twiddling our thumbs while out there-“ His voice shakes. He’s angry. Scared.
“Dean, you don’t have to,” Cas insists. “Honestly, it’s fine–”
“What’s my greatest asset, physically?” he asks, but he’s already beginning to fill Dean’s shot glass.
“Dean–” Castiel protests.
“Shoot.”
“What’re those?” she asks, inclining her head to the bottle in Castiel’s hands.
“This one is on me,” Sam says, as they sit at the table that witnessed many a frenzied shred of research, every other altercation, every rare moment of solidarity, every wondrous instance of– love. It was love. Quiet and unassuming and real.
“And how has that been? Would you say you guys are friends?” Sam asks.
“I’m serious. I was with her when I started talking to you. When I started falling for you.” Castiel can’t quite look at him anymore. “I had every opportunity to tell you about her, and I didn’t. I lied by omission.”
The waiter chooses that moment to interrupt them, and after they settle on drinks, Dean valiantly attempts to order a burger. When that fails he goes for ‘whatever the hell you call a steak around here,’ and Castiel gets the special, which promises to be one of the chef’s more adventurous takes on salmon.
“Did I– no.” Dean grits his teeth and sits up, looking wild and unpredictable. Torn between wanting to flee and attack. His skin glistens with a sheer film of sweat. “I asked you to come over here. It’s the end of the world, Cas. Fuck. Me.”
“Do you want one?” Dean smiles, trying to sell it. “It takes two minutes to sign up. You get a discount on the ice cream.”
Yeah. No. Now his face is on fire.
But this time Cas looks over his shoulder at Dean, blue eyes filled with a painful earnestness. He says, “Dedication to any sort of occupation is the sincerest form of prayer, Dean.”
Castiel freezes for a tense moment, but his shoulders sag and he manages a rueful smile. “That obvious, huh?”
More importantly, he should be working, but he lacks the drive. He doesn't think he's ever felt so restless and distracted before. Even on days when he has to survive without caffeine, he can put his nose to the grindstone and carry on. His work may not be particularly thrilling, but he derives satisfaction from putting in effort and seeing the results of a job well done. For the past few weeks, however, he has been lacking in his usual laser-like focus. Instead, his attention is drawn to his phone. And Dean. Case in point. His phone buzzes with a response, and he lets his computer idle as he reads Dean's text.
Castiel blushes. He’s so sincere. “I would never kick you out.”
“Lucifer.”
“What is that smell?” Kevin sniffs.
“I need you to wake up. Okay? If we pulled you out of the Empty, where you were at peace, just for you to die as a human.” Dean gulps “That’s not something I’ll ever get over.
“You see? He’s crazy about you.”
“Be careful. Love you,” she replies.
He stands, brushing the dirt from his pants. “Later, Jess.”
“Cas, you don’t get it.”
Dean shakes his head. “If I could love someone, it would be someone like— it
Dean wipes his eyes and stands. He needs to get out of the bunker for a while. He’ll take Baby for a drive. To clear his head. Definitely not to drive off a cliff. He can do this. He grabs his jacket and keys and heads for the garage.
“We promise to not abuse it,” Sam adds.
“No. It was a ploy to get us to talk to each other about our feelings.”
Dean laughs. The OP could give Cas a lesson in taking things literally. The commenter clarifies what they meant.
“Right. Thank you.” Dean offers his hand to shake.
he begins.
“No.” Dean nods, his jaw tight.
“This morning. You were missing. I was scared. I guess I got through to him. I asked him to bring Cas back. It was the only thing I could think of that might help. Not that I don’t want him back too.”
Sam has a seat in the grass.
Sam puts his hands in his pockets. “I think maybe I do.”
Sam looks up from his laptop. “What’s up?”
Dean’s phone has been burning a hole in his pocket for the last two hours. The alert came in while they were exorcising a few lingering ghosts out of an abandoned shopping mall. Then Sam and Jack both wanted to stop for dinner on the way home. Luckily it was late enough by the time they got to the bunker that Dean could go straight to his room without raising suspicion.
“Still, he’s going to— damp?”
“No. I don’t know.” Cas shakes his head and Dean has to bite his tongue before they get into another debate about rhetorical questions.
“Actually, I should talk to Eileen.” Sam lets go of Cas. “I want her to hear it from me.” He jogs upstairs, turning around when he reaches the door. “I’ll be back soon.” He blows a kiss down at the still stunned Angel.
Rowena makes it look easy.
“I’m not Dad. And I’m sorry I made you feel you couldn’t say anything. You’re my little brother, I don’t care who you date as long as you’re happy.”
“Cas, what the hell? Isn’t this exactly what you want?” Nothing in the last twenty-four hours has gone the way Dean expected. “You love Sam! Don’t you?”
Cas shakes his head. “I didn’t need to hear more. You made it clear how you feel. And I accept it. You don’t have to say it again. I just needed a minute because I was…sad.” He bites his lip. “I’ll go.”
“But you went with him?”
Dean pushes back in the chair. His thoughts are chaos. It’s him. That can’t be right. He’s the one Cas called loyal and kind and selfless? “No.”
“He was a bastard sometimes but he was my dad. My only family with Sam in exile. I wasn’t going to lose that for some guy I barely knew. I went out to the car and I told Dad it wasn’t what he thought. Except it was. It was exactly what he thought but I still tried to explain myself. I needed him to understand.” A tear rolls down his cheek. “I said ‘I still like girls but I guess I—“ That’s as far as I got before he backhanded me across the mouth.”
With the help of Jody, Donna, and the girls they collect the ingredients with minimal injury.
“He has his reasons.” Sam sounds resigned. “He did bring the entire world back he doesn’t owe anyone anything.”
“I wanted to— I never liked how we left things. I did look for you the next morning but you were already gone. I didn’t want to make things worse with your dad but I should’ve tried to find you.”
They get back to the bunker and go to their respective beds, Dean can’t sleep. Also par for the course. He goes to the kitchen and takes a beer from the fridge.
“Dean!” Sam rushes to him. “What was it?” He grabs Dean’s wrists and pushes up his sleeves. Then takes him by the chin and looks into his eyes. “Did you take something?”
“What is happening when he flirts with you? Are you alone? Does he give you
“Hello, Dean.”
“We want to make a deal,” Dean says.
Cas. The OP is Cas. Which means the friend is…
“I’m sorry. I know you were trying to help.”
“I’m up to it,” Kevin says. “Probably. We’ll see.” He grabs each of them by a shoulder and with a clang, they’re somewhere else. “Corduroy, I missed corduroy.” Kevin fingers Dean’s collar. “It sounds how it feels, don’t you think?”
“Well, alright. I mean great. This is great.” Dean clears his throat. “Cas is going to be so happy. I’m… I’m happy for you. For you both.”
Sam winces. “I hate that.”
Dean didn’t mean to drive here. He didn’t have a destination in mind when he set out. He’d woken before dawn, feeling like he was suffocating, and just took off.
“We’ve opened the bunker to other hunters. Legacies be damned. The bright side of us being the last Men of Letters, we get to decide who gets to carry it on. It’s the People of Letters now, by the way. 'Cause that was just sexist. Some new hunters have moved in, Claire for one, but it’s available to any who need the resources.
“Yeah, you will. But do you really want to put up with us every day, all day, for the next sixty years?” Sam asks.
Sam starts reading. It takes a couple of minutes. “You think Cas wrote this about me?”
“This is bad,” Dean repeats. Cas is fragile. No, that’s not right, Cas is really fucking strong. Not throw-a-truck-into-the-sun strong, though he’s that too, he’s do-the-right-thing-even-when-it’s-the-hard-thing strong. Rebel-against-your-own-kind-to-save-the-world strong. Let-your-demon-possessed-friend-beat-you-near-to-death-on-the-off-chance-you-can-reach-him strong. But not bounce-back-from-being-rejected-by-the-guy-you’ve-been-pining-over-for-twelve-years strong.
“And he has been for years. This isn’t a fleeting thing, he thinks you’re the Meghan to his Harry.”
“Me? Sammy, you love whoever you love. I’ll always support you. Why wouldn’t I?”
“I have to tell him that I don’t have feelings for him. I don’t want to hurt him. How badly do you think he’ll take it? Do you think he’s already broken up with Eileen?”
“It’s nearly midnight, man. I just want to go home.”
Sam laughs and rolls his eyes. “Seriously?”
Everyone is entitled to their guilty pleasures and okay, Dean has more than his share, but this might be the guiltiest of them all. He’s addicted to the romance/relationships sub-board of HELP_ME_HIVE_MIND.COM
better at all. All he accomplished was convincing Sam he’d been replaced by a Pod Person.
To “Are you adults or kids? Because this sounds very middle school.” the OP says,
“If you don’t believe him ask Abbadon.”
“Cas is also talking about getting a few beehives, but Dean is less enthusiastic about that idea. There was this case, involving bugs and— less said about that one the better.
Dean is prepared to deny it but he’s never been good at lying to Cas. “Desire is a broad word. Sure, I’ve wondered if someone would be a good kisser or what they look like naked or—point is, I’ve never wanted that again. Can we please drop it?”
Before Sam can say anything Kevin’s hand is on his shoulder and they’re back in the black void of the Empty.
“Oh.”
-Dean-
“You aren’t a problem,” Cas says softly.
Dean takes a deep breath. “Billie chased us into the Bunker. She wanted me dead because… Who even cares why. She wanted me dead. She used her mojo to give me a heart attack.”
“It was sex,” Dean scoffs. “I know you haven’t had a lot of it but I shouldn’t have to explain that it feels good.” Dean gives him a suggestive eyebrow waggle. Sometimes the only way to make the angel drop something is to make him deeply uncomfortable. Cas frowns.
Dean chuckles. He takes a fistful of the trench coat and wipes his face on it. “Better?”
“You haven't felt desire for a man since?”
“You’re my best friend and I’ve hurt you more than anyone. And somehow you’re the only one who’s never left.” Dean laughs, a tear sliding down his cheek.
is Little Brother Sam?” Sam has about half an inch on him.
Dean crumples onto the hay, curling into himself. For a second, he’d thought…
“We will. I think it’s going to work. Love you too.”
“Okay! You made your point. I just… How do I… How do we…?”
“Holy shit,” Dean gasps. “Cas is in love with Sam!”
“Cas, I mean it romantically. I’m
“Yeah or he knows the OP is into him and is stringing him along for the ego boost,” says another.
“Cas, I’ve wanted to tell you for a long time but I didn’t know how you felt about me.”
Dean wasn’t lying, he’s not going to get over this. He’s— Something touches his left shoulder. A hand.
“Of course!” Dean shouts. Yeah, he killed that part of himself a long time ago, but like so many other things, it wouldn’t stay dead. “Just because I want it doesn’t mean I can do it.”
“Uh,” Dean can feel the heat rushing to his cheeks. “I don’t know. I was young. He was only two years older but he was manly in a way that I really wasn’t back then. I was scrawny and soft looking. I mean I could still kick serious ass but you wouldn’t know it by looking at me.” Dean had hated it. He was finally an adult, but no one took him seriously because he looked like he should be in a boy band. Hell, even his kid brother towered over him. “Jeremiah, he was big and muscular. And he had this jaw… And he had this way of looking at me like he knew what I was thinking. And
Sam’s expression changes. “Oh.
“You stopped pursuing relationships with men because he didn’t approve.”
“Oh, sorry.” Dean goes back to staring out at the dark cornfields flying by.
“Oh. Okay.”
“Dean, you can’t just drop a bombshell like that and then clam up. What’s the story?”
“That was a cruel thing your father did,” Castiel says after a few minutes of silence.
“We hooked up. I was twenty and horny and I hooked up with a guy, okay?” Dean didn’t mean to shout.
“What?”
“I meant to leave. I… I couldn’t think of where else to go.”
“Well there’s something you need to know and I’m not sure how you’re going to take it.”
“So, haven’t talked to you in a while. Sorry about that. Didn’t feel like giving updates most of the time. Too depressing. But things are actually pretty good right now.
Dean grunts the affirmative and slides into the passenger seat. Sam takes his place behind the wheel.
“You too.” Dean watches him go, finishes his beer and returns to the table. After they’ve eaten and paid the bill they pile back into the Impala and continue the drive back to the bunker.
He takes a seat next to the bed, reaching out to take his hand but he thinks better of it. He doesn’t want to dislodge the IV. He’s got tubes in his nose delivering oxygen and tubes in his arms delivering blood. He looks like a second act-break on Dr. Sexy M.D.
Where to start? Is it even appropriate to tell a virtual stranger that he has feelings for him? Does it even make sense? Castiel chickens out.
And on the other hand, he knows virtually nothing... but he wants to know more. He gave a piece of himself, and he finds himself wanting something in return.
This close, Dean can smell the sweat on him, the gritty, day-end, near-death adrenaline sourness. Every inhale and exhale is a soft, distinct whisper of sound. It reminds Dean of the rustle of wings that announce Cas’ arrival, but also, and more often, always his departures. The more he left, the more Dean felt bereft. But Cas is not going anywhere now, Dean thinks to himself. Cas is just sweating and breathing and Dean wants, with a startling fierceness, just to sweat and breathe in the quiet with him.
"Yes," Castiel says, "I love Dean."
“You should be careful what you wish for, Dean.”
Dean’s equal parts relieved and frustrated that Castiel hasn’t discovered his morning wood yet. “I could eat,” he says lightly, turning his back on Castiel.
He can feel the gravity of their situation settle on Dean’s shoulders. Dean goes a little pale, and scrubs a hand over his face and through his hair.
Meg. Cas does know this. But… something makes Dean pause, even though he’s never cared before and been vocal about his dislike of her in the past. Maybe it’s the cameras. Maybe it’s the defeated slope of Castiel’s shoulders.
“You fight dirty,” Dean grumbles, but Castiel just smiles back serenely as they wait for their server to return with the receipt and Castiel’s card. He keeps their feet intertwined until they get to their feet.
To Dean’s relief, that’s not the last he ever sees of Castiel.
“I’ve wanted to do that for a long time.” His eyes are dark, focused on Dean’s lips. He sways closer and Dean’s ready for it. He winds an arm around Castiel’s waist and crushes him closer, breathing in sharply before he pushes for more, lips parting to tease against the seam of Castiel’s mouth.
It’s strange, hearing about this from Dean’s perspective. Dean was always affable and easygoing over text. Despite that, Castiel knew that Dean felt things keenly. He was so vibrant and so passionate, even if he hid it well beneath an armor of machismo. But it was one thing to know that about Dean, and another to hear it from Dean, about himself. Dean liked him. Dean struggled to get over him. Dean missed him.
He’d better get downstairs.
“I’d like that. Sometimes my bathroom smells like weed because of my neighbors, but I like my apartment. I don’t want to move.”
On paper, Dean is amazing. In person, Dean clearly doesn't want to be here. It hurts a little, but that's fine. Sometimes, things just aren't quite the way they seem.
Castiel masturbates soundlessly in the shower. He thinks of Dean. Him of the broken heart and big hands. Of the wondering, stunned look in his eyes when Castiel follows wherever he goes. He imagines Dean laughing with ease, touching him without guile. The knot at the base of his cock swells and purples as he comes, spilling white strings that float into the drain. He touches the oversensitive flesh gingerly, trying to sheath it in the warmth of his palms, but it’s a poor substitute for a channel. The orgasm itself clears his mind and relaxes his body. Without a channel to catch, the knot goes down as he slowly dries and dresses himself.
Castiel grins, all gummy and adorable, cheeks flushing pink. “Here?”
“Dean, I’m sorry–“
Castiel puzzles that out for a minute. “You mean masturbation. That didn’t occur to me.”
“You’re such a dork.” Dean groans in put upon embarrassment and buries his face in Castiel’s neck, and Castiel finally relaxes. He smiles and winds an arm around Dean’s middle, pulling him closer.
The humans, they are lesser. Imperfect. They feel so much. They live in pain. They beg and they die. They crawl on their bellies. They are mere curs, going through life, rabid and senseless. They burn God’s gift to them and in its place raise weeds.
The deep, gravely voice sends a frisson through Dean, and it makes him pause and look up. The man in front of him is perusing the cover of one of the lurid magazines on the stand with a determined look, but Dean– well, Dean’s a little stunned. He loses his train of thought because he’s looking at an arrestingly handsome man he’s never seen before. There's something forlorn about him.
Castiel is stumped. “How do I not know this?”
Dean looks a little more awake now. “They can do that?”
"The what now?" Dean asks, thoroughly befuddled. Speaking of things that made less sense than normal, an Angel of the Lord was schooling him on social media. And emoticons. One of the many inexplicable texts Dean had received from Cas involved tiny pictures of a yellow face with x'd out eyes and a knife, followed by a question mark. Apparently Dean was supposed to gather from that gibberish that Cas was asking him how the vamp nest takedown had gone.
Castiel stares at his phone, amused but uncertain. He doesn’t know how to explain that he just sort of missed it? There’s no real reason behind why he hasn’t watched the movies beyond the fact that he simply isn’t inclined to consume much television. Or movies, for that matter. It didn’t help that he was raised in a very strict, religious household. But he’d much rather not talk about that if he doesn’t have to.
In which I realize that I have a terrible posting schedule (but maybe I just want my subscribers to wake up to a nice email notif?)
Okay, do over.
“Heya, Jody,” Garth calls cheerfully.
“What do you want me to do? Find a hospital? Call the CDC?” Dean demands acidly. “I’ll get right on it.”
“Fine, alright, it’s stupid,” Dean babbles, stumbling out of his pants and crawling up the bed. “You were right. You happy now?”
The closest Castiel can come to the feeling is the memory of Dean’s face, lit by the glow of the burning ring of holy oil. Dean, red and gold and betrayed and let down and hoping against hope, asking, “Where were you?”
Castiel rolls his eyes and sighs. He should never have told Dean about this. It was one thing to fantasize about a sexy– okay, fine. About
Dean goes to check out, and the balding Indian man behind the motel’s reception desk snorts awake when Dean slaps the bell on his desk. Dean grins, but the beta mutters under his breath and glares balefully at them.
Castiel knows from the countless times the story’s been retold to friends and family that he came to at the hospital, but Castiel doesn’t remember it himself. Outside, the TV goes silent. He holds his breath as he hears Daphne’s footsteps. They stop just outside the door. There’s a brief moment of trepidation, but then she leaves. Castiel sighs. He’s ashamed to admit he’s relieved she’ll be sleeping in what is now her own room.
He wants to go to Castiel, but the convocation is today. Castiel’s finally graduating. It’s his day. Dean’s not gonna go into his bullshit when Castiel should be celebrating.
For a few disheartening minutes, there’s no response. Castiel beats himself up for getting his hopes up. For building castles in the sky. For imagining things.
Castiel hesitates, but his curiosity gets the better of him. “Okay.”
“Yes.”
Castiel ventures close once to check if Dean was okay, and to ask if he’d eaten. He stops short in the hallway. A cloying, sweet scent filters through the cracks between the hinges, and under the door. It arrests Castiel in his steps. He spends a few minutes trying to draw that essence into himself before he catches himself. It takes him a long time to walk away.
It was validation in the best way. Dean was the man Castiel had texted for little over a month. And in so many ways, Dean was so much more than that. The texts didn’t convey the rich timbre of Dean’s voice. And although Castiel had seen the laugh lines in the selfies Dean sent, he never saw the play of them dusted with freckles, deepening and nearly disappearing as Dean blushed and laughed. And pictures were never accompanied by the feedback loop of Dean saying, “Cas!”
When he gets back to his office, he checks his phone out of habit before putting it away, and finds that his mystery texter has responded with one word.
"A home wrecker angel, wow," Chuck murmurs. He shakes his head as if to clear the thought away. "No, but I mean the angels. Your brothers. They've hung you out to dry."
“It’s alright,” Dean says, reaching out to cup Castiel’s cheek, smiling when Castiel leans into the touch and closes his eyes. This feels nice. He kisses Castiel’s forehead and Castiel wrinkles his nose.
tension and relief.
Although, he wasn’t sure how he could’ve explained not wanting to start something with Dean when he was still in a relationship. He never told Dean that he felt the same way, too. The truth is simple. He likes Dean, too. A lot. And maybe when they meet, they’ll feel differently. Maybe they’ll just stay friends. One thing is clear, though. He doesn’t feel a fraction of the same way for Daphne. It’s gone past the point of complacency or comfort. It’s not fair to her. It’s time to fix things.
“It was a few weeks after we first met. I was getting hazed and I didn’t know it.”
“Like the way your skin tastes,” Dean murmurs, dipping his head to the curve of Castiel's throat. “Kinda like copper. Like electricity, if it has a taste.” He sucks wet, burning kisses along the skin and Castiel shudders when the cool air rushes in to dry them.
Dean blushes. He feels unprepared and underdressed for this conversation, so he tries to hide behind his mug.
Dean hoists the advent calendar he’s holding onto the top shelf at the Coffee Grind, and looks over his shoulder from his step stool. “Yeah?”
Dean grits his teeth, but relaxes a few moments later. He clears their dishes away. Castiel thinks he’s going to be ignored again, but Dean eventually sighs.
“We don’t have that kind of fuel,” Dean points out. “What we got goes in the jeeps.”
Castiel opens his mouth, searching for the words. Finally he settles on, “Without you they’d all be dead.”
In the morning, over a breakfast of oats, Chuck reports that Risa had come to some time later in the night. Aside from some nausea and a terrible headache, (which the doctor, Amelia, had pronounced normal for a concussion), she seemed mostly fine. By the time Castiel pays Risa a visit, Dean is already in the doctor’s cabin, sitting in a chair to the left of the spare bed.
Castiel doesn’t reply.
“We split up.”
“What are you thinking about?”
Castiel checks the time on the cell phone Dean had handed him. 3:27 AM. For a dark, frightening moment, the futility of the situation overwhelms Castiel. It’s over.
“There’s a book of witchcraft called the Book of the Damned. No one’s seen it in a millennia. There’s no mention of it anywhere except in a single passage from a medieval hunter’s journal. He mentions that the witch he killed possessed the book, and among its many secret treasures was a spell to trap the devil. However, he couldn’t read it, and it was stolen from him before he could decipher it.”
Dean usually stops whatever he’s doing to hang out at the counter so Castiel won’t have to wait. He’s even stopped chatting with Benny as soon as Castiel walks in, when he usually lets other customers to walk up to the counter before he does that.
Castiel chews his lip for a moment, but concern gets the better of him.
By the time Castiel gets downstairs in the next three minutes, the shouting has ceased. Briefly. He waits on the last step when he sees Sam cross the living room.
“Good call,” Dean grunts. “We’re gonna stick around, see if there’s a connection.”
Lucifer roams the earth, and the other Angels will not hear the cries for help. They will not come. God is in the wind, even more unreachable than the Angels. And Castiel has thrown in his lot with two very mortal, very human hunters. They’re well and truly alone, with a price on their heads. What is Castiel supposed to do? There’s no protocol for this. He has no idea where to begin.
Dean regards him with nothing short of vitriol. “All I got’s you right now.”
Castiel looks down, frazzled. “Oh. Thank you, Dean.” He grimaces in frustration, trying (and failing miserably) to fix the tie. “I hate ties, but I’m going to the job fair.”
“The many nuisances of being human, buddy,” Dean says with a wry smile.
“My vessel does. I checked.”
“You’re angry,” Castiel states uselessly. There’s a dissonance here. That much he’s able to parse. His newfound humanity gives him that little keyhole of insight. He tries to connect the disjoint between what Dean is saying and what he means, and he fails.
Castiel kisses Dean’s chin, and neck, and nips at the tattooed skin above his heart, and laves at Dean’s left nipple before trailing lower with heated kisses. It’s true, Castiel loves Dean for his kind heart, and sharp mind, and gentle soul, and every rough edge and vulnerability of his personality, but sometimes he looks down and realizes with a numb sort of stupidity that Dean’s body is beautiful. And he loves Dean’s body. A lot. It’s kind of wonderful to be in love like this.
Castiel bites his lip when he hears footsteps.
Castiel registers it before Dean: they’re outnumbered.
The pieces don't quite fall in place, but they sort of gather in the vicinity of each other. That’s who she’d wanted to introduce him to, all those months ago. Castiel can see how Charlie might’ve made the leap to try and set them up on this blind date, but the coincidence with the texts… the odds were next to impossible.
“… He’s bleeding. Do angels bleed?”
Castiel studiously doesn’t comment on the fact. Already, he's thinking about serendipitous meetings in grocery stores and coffee shops. He starts being more aware of his surroundings, just in case he runs into someone he might recognize.
Other times, it’s hard to believe Castiel, who comes off as shy and kind of a sore thumb, is a goddamn tiger in the sack. (Or at least, his foreplay game is outta this world. It definitely leaves Dean aching and hungry for more, waking up from filthy dreams and jerking desperately in the shower.)
Castiel follows, expecting an impromptu meeting in Dean’s room, but Dean leads him towards his own cabin. He doesn’t talk until he’s herded Castiel inside and shut the door behind himself.
“None at all,” Cas says, gentle and apologetic. “The Men of Letters had an untested tracking spell that Sam and I attempted. It didn’t work.”
“And, what, a headshot takes them down? Seems a little too convenient.”
“Wouldn’t you prefer a woman? An omega?” Castiel asks, even as he takes a step forward. Everything he knows about Dean wars against the command he just issued. It makes no sense.
Castiel takes his hands, squeezing them. “I got a job.”
“Yeah,” he says, sounding gruff.
“No, I really shouldn’t,” Dean says, cutting him off. “I need to be out here. I need to give Sam– whatever. Look, I should get back to sleep.” He should hang up, but he waits, feeling wretched and miserable. Unbidden, the thought goes out like a prayer– he wishes Cas could zap himself here. Just for a few minutes. Cas makes it all a little better somehow.
Ugh. Lesson learned. Never try to post a new chapter for a fic with this much formatting from your phone. No matter how much of a hurry you're in to post. Thanks, you guys, for muscling through despite the crap formatting. I thought I could handle posting this after a flight + batch cooking for the week. *shakes fist @ AO3* I realized the accidental post last night, but I thought I deleted it before the damage could be done. I didn't want to lose all your lovely comments, though so... ahh. Anyway. It's fixed. Pictures coming soon. Thanks again. So much ❤️
“Your girlfriend.” Dean doesn’t mean to sound so bitter.
Dean frowns, a little disappointed. He’s not sure what that’s got to do with anything. “... Alright.”
“Hey, Cas. Thought the Coffee Grind was too expensive for you,” he teases, ringing up Castiel’s order. He goes to start making it and Castiel follows him along the counter.
Castiel blushes, self-conscious. He doesn’t know if he’s ready to be trading pictures with Dean. He thinks that he’d be okay with it under different circumstances, but now, even if he ignores his relationship with Daphne, he can’t do it. Besides, he knows he’s atrocious with a camera, so he clings to that excuse for now.
“You’re human.”
Somehow it works even though they’re so different. Where Castiel is restrained and methodical, Dean is a colorful riot of passions and widely ranging interests. It’s gotten to the point where just hearing from him tends to turn Castiel into a smiling goof.
Soft as silk, hot as a furnace, Dean’s mouth. In the darkness behind Dean’s teeth is the edge of an abyss, but even as far as he’s already fallen Castiel has a ways to fall yet– yawning eons – before he reaches it.
“Do you have a computer?” Castiel asks the man. To hope for internet was a stretch, but Castiel simply wants to play solitaire. When they had electricity to spare, he’d found it an entertaining way to occupy time on Chuck’s laptop.
Castiel hesitates. It’s not that he’s not interested, exactly. It’s a strange situation. Certainly not one he’s ever been in before. Then again, he is in a relationship. The problem is that he is interested. At least, his dick is.
Charlie grins. “I keep telling you, man. I got ninja skills. I'm gonna pull off a heist one of these days.” She made a show of glancing around as though the walls had ears. “Or am I?”
Dean heaves an exaggerated sigh before facing the camera. “I’m Dean. I’m the dumbass director’s older brother. I’m a mechanic–”
Castiel wants to go there. In the privacy of his own mind, he’s willing to admit that he probably has a problem. He could (and has) spent hours teasing and spreading Dean open. There’s so many things to love about pleasuring Dean, but Dean certainly doesn’t help matters by making the most addictive sounds. Castiel is rightly, justifiably, obsessed.
Cas doesn’t turn at the sound of his voice, but his shoulders loosen and sag. “The things humans - people - create are so ingenious.”
Which is just as well. Castiel doesn’t need to hear the self-loathing drivel or the stupid flimsy excuses Dean would make.
Castiel decides to break his silence. “Dean. I could go. You can still continue your trip as planned. The smaller towns should have a considerably depleted population. There would be no need to spare useful manpower. I can go alone, or with one armed escort.”
Dean snorts unkindly. “No time for that. I’ll tell Jane to get some food in you. Sleep for now.”
Castiel hesitates, but decides to let it go. He licks his lips and smiles warmly. “Thank you, Dean.”
Castiel hesitates, but decides that he ought to reciprocate the trust he’s been shown. He’s not so sure he’d believe a stranger so readily if their situations were reversed. He sends off the text, promising himself it’s gonna be the last one. He really does have to get to work.
Castiel grins, sitting up and shuffling forward. Beneath him Dean whines, this big, lazy, insolent heathen in his bed. Castiel turns to face Dean, then spreads his legs open to settle between them. He pushes Dean’s legs up to his chest, and bends to kiss him. Once, he’s comfortably positioned, he reaches for the lube.
Daphne nods, and she looks a little sad. “We had a good run,” she says quietly. When Castiel doesn’t reply immediately she asks, “Didn’t we?”
“No, Dean,” Cas says, heavy with sorrow and insistence. “Tell me where you are.”
It takes Dean another hour or so to show up. By then Castiel is riding the blissful, floating edge of a haze. His heart drones a steady beat in his chest, but he also feels the throb of bloodflow in his fingertips and ears. He could get lost in the drumming. It’s magnificent.
He’d once strayed kisses and licks from Dean’s nipples, up his chest, to his armpit, and nearly gotten smacked in the face. Dean clearly liked it, if the way, he’d blushed and spluttered had been any indication, but he still seemed reluctant and self-conscious when it came to indulging that particular pleasure. As much as Castiel enjoys the thought of burying his face in the apex of Dean’s scent, it makes Dean uncomfortable in some way, so he resists.
“Asleep,” Ramesh says pointedly, glancing at his watch.
“Okay,” Dean agrees. He feels pleasantly warm and heavy from the food and drink and company. He’s looking forward to kissing Castiel goodnight. At the very least.
Dean lowers his eyes and looks away. “What do you, uh, see?”
“It is important.”
“You just said you found me attractive. When we first met you propositioned me.” Cas pauses, getting that far away, puzzle-solving look. “I always thought it was a drunken mistake on your part.”
The policeman snorts. “Well, work on it fast. This thing’s escalating every second, and it makes no goddamn sense. What connection do these kids have with the girl? And why are they going on killing sprees?”
I got you something for the, uh,” Dean hesitates and then says, “growing pains.”
“S’okay,” Dean mumbles. “You always come back.” He sits and takes a drink even though it’s out of turn, and picks up a card. “If I killed somebody would you help me cover up?”
Old habits die hard. Castiel starts to protest. “Dean, I can’t–”
Dean huffs. “Wish me luck. The motel at the end of the world.”
Castiel would be remiss to rule out the possibility that Dean’s desire to leave the camp had something to do with his heat. Whatever his reasons, his abandonment of the people that looked to him for guidance and safety was certainly strange.
Dean’s heart sinks. Oh great. This is horrible. Before he has the chance to explain or understand, Castiel murmurs a thanks and practically flees the store.
“Yeah, well, you’re human now. Suck it up.”
“Maybe.”
And damn if the words don’t go straight to Dean’s cock, as he pictures Castiel’s head bowed between his legs, taking his fill. Castiel’s palm flattens over Dean’s lower abdomen right where the arousal pools, and Dean has to grip Castiel’s wrist or risk succumbing to the obvious seduction.
“I mean…” Dean shrugs, unable to bring himself to give up those hopes completely.
“Okay… ready?” Sam asks. “And– we’re rolling.”
“You were right. I’m… I’m jealous. I can’t stand it.” His voice cracks again. “Because– well, cuz, you’re mine. I mean, you’re not. I know that. I – I want you to be. With me.” He’s blabbering now, but he can’t seem to shut up. “I just. Jesus. I love you, Cas. I’m in love with you.” He exhales sharply. “But it can’t happen and it’s never gonna ‘cuz I keep fucking up–”
Well, then. Not much Dean can say to that. Some people find comfort in church. Some ex-angels find it in advertising reserved for the sleepless. He doesn’t want to be the guy to point out that it’s all useless junk that ends up forgotten mostly unused because it almost never works. Especially since he’s already the guy who kicked his best friend out in said friend’s ultimate time of need. The best friend who saved his ass too many times to count. So instead, Dean ventures further into uncomfortable territory.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “It’s just a sext, Cas. Well. Sorta.”
“It is?" Cas demands, startled. “Dean, you should be here–”
“I’m Castiel.” He closes his eyes, bracing himself.
They both turn to look at him. Dean is desperate. He wants an answer but Castiel doesn’t have one. He finally admits what they’ve all suspected for some time now. As much as he doesn’t want to crush Dean’s hopes, he can’t let Dean entertain the notion that he’s useful any longer.
Dean moans as Castiel sucks him into his mouth. His hips buck up, but Castiel clamps his arms around Dean’s thighs and holds him in place. He can feel Dean’s breath hitch under him when he suckles at the sensitive head for a few long minutes.
Dean is an amazing kisser, but Castiel already knew that. Soft, and warm, equal parts give and take. He tastes of cinnamon and sugar. Castiel’s almost a little disappointed that the kiss stays pretty tame.
He doesn’t hate his job. Things could be worse. At least CVS doesn’t do Black Friday. Yet.
Charlie rubs his arm, the picture of sympathy. “Have you tried talking to her? She might give you a second chance.”
Realizing he’s stopped to stare for longer than is polite, Dean clears his throat, and starts scanning the items the man’s jumbled together on top of the counter. Advil. Chocolate ice cream. Frozen pizza. The guy tries to hide a sniffle behind his sleeve. Well. Clearly things are not going great. Best not to comment. Certainly not a good idea to flirt.
It’s the truth. Castiel has always seen Dean. He knows Dean in the most intimate of ways. He knows the precise shape of Dean’s ears. The exact bend in the cartilage of his nose. The thickness of his fingernails.
He picks up a biscuit, but his phone rings, so he sets it down and dusts his hand on his pants before answering. He identifies himself as Agent Costello. He listens for a few moments and says, “I’ll be there in ten minutes.” He looks up at Cas. “More bodies. And they think they’ve got a lead on the girl.”
"So it's a plural now?" Dean hedges, struggling to keep up, and still trying for some reason. He decided not to question the impulse.
“I do,” Castiel says hastily. “I want to be here. I wanted to say yes. I wanted to meet you for a drink. I wanted to ask you out myself. Believe me, please.”
“You’re gonna have to shut the gates of hell to do that,” Dean says. He nods, resigned and looks down at his open palms. “With me inside.”
Dean hangs his head. “I was late.”
But with each inquiring text that went unanswered, he grew more anxious. He’d confessed everything to Dean, in increasingly long texts, until the frustration of the silence pushed him to make a call. And that’s when he realized the delicate boundaries in place, though they may have been unintentional. Through some unspoken mutual agreement they’d never called each other.
“Charlie–”
“Oh yeah?” Risa grins, raising an eyebrow. “Why would you do that? Want me to owe you a favor, Winchester?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, stepping out of the elevator. Third floor. They’re here.
Castiel shuts up. Dean’s ragged breaths and the scent coming off him grease the air between them.
Chuck blinks, nodding to himself. "I know. I'm sorry all the same. We know you don't understand us, but you try. I don't think any of us ever thought to stop and realize that we don't understand you. No one understands you. How you feel. We don't even know if we can try."
“I’m trying,” Castiel replies and Dean sighs.
Castiel starts to hum but stops himself. Then he catches himself trying to buck up into Dean’s hand. “This isn’t,” he says, stilted and halting. “It isn’t how we are.”
“Get out of my office, Charlie,” Castiel says evenly, but the effect is ruined because he’s so thrilled to see Dean.
“Feel better?” Dean’s watching him with a curious, unreadable look.
“How was the trip?” asks Castiel.
“You just surprised me, Cas,” he says. And it’s true. The rest of it, that can come up later. Or maybe never. He watches the tension leave Castiel’s shoulders and smiles.
Risa lets go of Castiel’s hands to fidget with the hem of the blanket drawn up to her lap. She lifts her chin up at Dean, defiant. “That was for the kids.”
“Rut'll help with that. Endorphins or whatever.”
“I know that,” Dean says irritably. “You drank a beer, tried to get laid, remember that? Good times. Heaven’s closed up shop so you might as well live a little.”
Muncie is a twelve hour drive away from Lebanon. Castiel has to stop around the two-hour mark at a gas station. He pays with cash and buys a coffee. Night falls and he drives through it. And for the first time in a long time, he thinks of God. Angels would turn to God for guidance. So perhaps, even if Castiel was closer to a facsimile of one, he should try as well.
Dean puts up a token protest. “But I’m hungry.”
He’s not new to pain. They’re old friends. Settling into it, Dean grits his teeth and breathes through the suffering. He’s not reaping anything he didn’t sow. He deserves this. It lasts a few more seconds, almost a minute and then douses out, quieting to a dull, throbbing ache he can almost ignore. It leaves him cold and shaky, desperate for someone to share the lumpy motel bed with. His mouth feels desert dry but he’s reluctant to help himself to some water in case moving sets the arm off again.
Castiel leans closer. “The milk is about thirty five cents more expensive at CVS,” he says in a conspiratorial whisper. “It doesn’t seem like much, but it adds up over time, you know.”
“That pessimism? It ain’t cute,” Dean says firmly, moving the tray from the nightstand to a spot on the bed between them. There's a glass of water beside the bowl of soup. The liquids slosh precariously close to the edges but nothing spills. Dean is careful as he offers Castiel the water first, holding the glass to Castiel’s cracking lips. Castiel drinks it all. He hadn't realized he was thirsty.
Someone slams into the side of the car.
“I have to agree with Sam,” Castiel murmurs, refusing to look away even when Dean gives him an annoyed, betrayed stare.
Dean stares at the shut door for a moment, clenching his fists at his sides. He takes a few stabilizing breaths and then turns to face Castiel. As he walks by, Castiel is overcome with the urge to touch him. To comfort him. Castiel ignores the urge.
“Yeah,” Dean says. He picks up the next card and tosses it aside after reading it. “Who would you be most embarrassed to introduce me to and why?”
“Alright, I dunno. Just– answer the question,” Dean huffs, flustered.
Under normal circumstances, the store relies on employees volunteering to take the holiday shifts. And under normal circumstances, Dean’s usually by himself for the holidays, so he’d rather be working. Getting paid extra doesn’t hurt either. It’s usually a slow night, and he gets to hang out behind the counter and point people to the booze or back out the door because CVS still doesn’t stock emergency turkeys.
Maybe that’s why he sends the picture.
“Dammit,” Dean grumbles. It was Thanksgiving; the one night he wanted off. He knows he can trust Jo to have his back, but there was only so much she can do when their asshole manager, Crowley, has a stupid vendetta against Dean.
The arguments wear on Sam. Everyday his lips draw tighter around his teeth. He suppresses his anger by clenching his fists and closing his eyes. He slows his breathing and counts backwards. Then he walks away. He curses and buries himself in a book.
It’s a Friday night when things get interesting again. Castiel’s nearing the end of
Dean grits his teeth, and forces himself to relax and apologize. “Yeah, about that…”
It almost works too well. In fact, Cas is so absorbed in what he’s watching (infomercials again) that he doesn’t flinch or even respond when Dean cleans the cuts. Dean checks for swelling or stiffness along the ugly, purpling bruise that tattoos Cas’ wrist, but it’s just a bad sprain.
Sam draws in a sharp breath. “Dean?” In the moment of silence that follows, he seems to recover. “Okay. That’s not a bad idea. Maybe it’s some sort of chain reaction to the angels closing up Heaven. It could be that the demons are getting trapped in the bodies they possess.”
As the rut abates, the pain returns full throttle, so Castiel, in turn, returns to the pills. Dean’s excursions pick up with a zeal. They grow greater in frequency and longer in duration. They’re setting fires. Bringing the party home. Lucifer is on the move, if the sporadic bursts of news on the radio can be trusted.
The ride up to the third floor in the elevator is quiet as Castiel checks his phone. “You were right. Dr. Sexy
Dean frowns. “Weird. Didn’t it end kinda badly?”
It’s much later in the evening when he finds himself still thinking about Castiel. He wonders how Castiel knew his name. When he changes out of his work clothes before he heads out, he catches sight of the badge on his shirt. Most people don’t bother to read the cashier’s name tag, but Dean supposes most cashiers don’t go around comforting strangers.
Castiel nods. “Did you find anything?”
A warm hand grips his weakly. The Mark falters, then grinds on with a hellish heat, but it's enough. Dean shakes. The sky clears. The arid desert air filters out. He's in the bunker. Cas is... The Mark roars. Floods his senses. A monster.
“Yo, Winchester!”
Dean doesn’t pull away, but he stiffens. “Well, what the hell happened, man? Where’d you go?”
“Look at me,” Dean says, pressing his forehead to Castiel’s. “Doesn’t work like that. It’s all the same. Then, now. You, me.”
“A devil’s trap? Really? That’s your big lead?”
Castiel chews his lip. The seconds tick by. Sweat drops down his back. The hair at the back of his neck rises. It’s taking too long. Something is wrong.
Ramesh looks unconvinced, and continues to haggle over the amount Dean owes him. Castiel loses his patience and starts to step forward, but Dean shifts on his feet to block him from getting to the receptionist. “Alright, buddy, whatever. Just charge the card and point me to the nearest place I can grab some breakfast.”
Before the wounded cop can make sense of that, Dean cuts in. “We have some theories, but it’s too soon to say–”
Instead of dignifying that with a response, Castiel leans back against the vinyl seat and looks out the window.
Dean snorts. “No.”
Cas puts his elbow on the table and his chin in his hand and peers at Dean. He’s staring. Dean fluffs his shirt in a pathetic attempt to dispel the heat.
“Me too,” she whispers, and there’s the briefest glimmer of tears in her eyes.
A beat of stunned silence follows Sheriff Mills’ tirade, during which Bobby decidedly does not look at her or meet her gaze.
It’s true. And thankfully it’s also a good, somewhat safe answer. Oh, and Dean will take that shot after all. He deserves it now.
“‘Cuz you’re a nerdy little accountant who sits up here in his glass tower with his nose glued to his screen,” Dean teases, sitting on the edge of Castiel’s desk. “I mean, how else would I be at the Christmas party, dude? Remember? Where I first saw you, blah blah?”
Castiel surprises himself when he says, “No. You should try to find a motel.”
“I don’t know.”
“I shouldn’t have refused you, Dean,” Castiel says, watching Dean fish around the rudimentary, depleted first-aid box for some bandages to cover the wound. “For whatever it’s worth, I– well. I wish I hadn’t. I do want...”
“So I got fired,” Dean says nonchalantly, eyeing the new seasonal pancake flavors on the special menu.
He turns pink as soon as he admits it aloud. God, he’s beautiful. Despite the situation, Castiel feels… pleased. There’s this warm, almost fuzzy feeling in his chest. He’ll deal with Charlie later.
Bobby nods by way of greeting. “Jody.”
At that, Dean’s throat unsticks. Guilt wells up within him. Sheriff Mills has been offering him a job for over a year now and he’s rebuffed her. And in spite of that, she vouched for him. She fought for him. She deserves an explanation.
That pulls Castiel up short. It’s already time for lunch? The clock tells him it’s 11:45, and Castiel realizes with a numb sort of horror that he’s been at work for four hours and only responded to one email. His inbox is flooded with new messages waiting for a response… and he’s going to take lunch.
Dean shudders, choking on a breath as his skin goes tight and hot in shame. There isn’t time for this. Every second he can spare he should be doubling down his efforts to avenge Kevin and do away with Abaddon and Crowley once and for all. He fucked up and there’s no coming back from that. He has to make amends. But he’s also exhausted. Everything he’s ever done feels like a long string of bad decisions made up for with more bad decisions. He wants, more than anything, to stop for a minute. In spite or maybe because of that, he finds himself growing physically tireder still. He could sleep for a lifetime. But all he’s got is four hours too few every other day.
It’s worth the look on Crowley’s face, even if it makes the panic rise anew in Dean’s chest. He knows they’ll be fine. It’s short term. He’ll pick up a few extra shifts at the Roadhouse, and the Coffee Grind. He’ll make it work.
“You met her,” he mumbles, chasing a spinach leaf with his fork. “At the Christmas party.”
Castiel tries to smile. “May I ask you a personal question, Dean?”
Why is it so easy for Dean to make him relax and forget? Already, the tight, panicky grip in Castiel’s chest loosens. The teasing makes the corners of his lips tug up slowly. A large, irrational part of Castiel wants to know, without the ambiguity of texting, if Dean feels the same way. He can’t, though, because that’s how it ends. Instead, he ends up channeling the affection as gratitude.
Here’s the thing: Dean’s alright with his lot in life.
Was it too much to ask for that they make love in his bed and cuddle after? No, instead, Dean had to go and waltz into his home and heart in tattered jeans and sweatpants and hoodies and old band t-shirts, bringing his stupid, beautiful face and kind heart and gentle hands and delicious chicken soup.
Castiel leans forward and kisses his cheek. “I know what you meant. We were too drunk to consent. I was quite enthusiastic, but– it was actually your idea to wait, and I think it was the right decision. The futon is too uncomfortable to inflict on anyone so I let you have my bed. I’m sorry, I should’ve probably left a note explaining everything.”
Dean eyes him for a moment. “Stretch. It’ll help.” He raises his arms above his head and interlocks the fingers and pushes.
The way her voice is pitched, and her eyes are shining, and her grin is splitting her face– Dean freezes. She’s made the same joke before but. No. No way.
“Was it the same one riding the girl, or are we looking at a mass prison break?”
Castiel clenches his jaw but follows Dean outside. They don’t have time for a case when there are much bigger things afoot. If Lucifer takes over the planet there won’t be cases to solve. There won’t be monsters to hunt. There won’t be towns to save. It’s always a struggle to get Dean to prioritize the bigger picture, but this time it’s especially frustrating.
“What do you mean, for now?” he demands hoarsely. “You’re gonna run out? Are you telling me that every now and then you need to recharge your batteries but now this celestial charger or whatever’s boarded up in Heaven?"
Castiel sits up. He glances at the wound and touches the edge of it gingerly. He closes his eyes against the pain.
“Maybe you’ve still got enough juice to separate you from the apes.”
Cas’s exhale over the phone is a rush of static; his relief almost tangible. “I just wanted to keep you informed of our progress in tracking Gadreel.”
When Castiel doesn’t reply, Dean’s expression hardens again. He begins to stitch the wound shut quickly and efficiently.
He’s also seen Castiel looking like he rolled out of bed on two hours of sleep. Honestly, Dean’s not sure if the cleaned up look or the sex hair-and-bee-pajamas are worse for his heart. Either way, he watches Castiel on the monitor like a stalker, and tries to come up with something smart to say. He never quite succeeds.
Sounding placated, Cas says, “I’ll let you get back to sleep.”
Cas walks past him, and Dean’s heart drops. He turns and sees Cas at the table, picking up a card from his discard pile. He tries to shove it in Dean’s hand.
“What about the big showdown with the Devil?” Dean asks, looking confused. “What, Michael’s just gonna walk away?”
“You don’t know her,” Dean snaps.
“That sucks,” Dean offers lamely, thumbing at the lip of his mug. “I’m sorry.”
Castiel pants at the onslaught of pleasure, nosing further between Dean’s legs. He licks a swathe along Dean’s perineum and Dean groans.
playing on the TV.
“Cas, look out!”
Bones splinter, blood sprays across his vision. What makes an angel? Not this weak puppet with cut strings in his hands, a doll shattering, ball from socket, glass eyes wet with unshed tears. Surely not. It's brutal, and the Mark scorches a vicious bolt of pleasure up Dean's arm. He grips the tie, the silken rope sliding into his blood-gritty grip.
Dean can’t resist teasing him. “You wanna be my wife.”
Despite himself, Dean smiles.
Rich-or-Mark laughs shortly. “It helps with the heat. Mellows it out. Distracting too, because you get hungry instead.”
God, what an amazing night.
“Oh. Okay.” Castiel sounds… disappointed? He looks mortified.
He's afraid he wants more, and he's afraid to openly pursue it.
“I think it would be for the best if we…” Castiel lets the words hang. How is breaking up for the best? How is telling Daphne he doesn’t love her for the best? Especially when the truth is that he probably never loved her.
“He doesn’t want you gone. He needs all those who bear the bloodline alive so he can fight Michael.”
Cas blinks. “Why would I be embarrassed?”
The world. It's about the world. In the fucking toilet. It's not just him. It's never just him. If it was, he'd hunker down in a ditch somewhere and die. He's so tired. He rests his forehead on the steering wheel, sweats and breathes.
Dean stops looking over his shoulder at the men gathered by one of the unused jeeps. “Effective.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I don’t know.” Castiel looks away.
He spends the hours until Saturday evening looking over the old text threads until he can’t look at it anymore. It feels so unfair.
“I don’t care.” Dean glowers at his sandwich. “Just let it go, Cas. Let him go.”
, Castiel thinks.
“I understand. Thanks for the opportunity anyway.” Dean swallows, and even manages a smile in Garth’s direction.
“We’ll know soon enough,” Castiel says, for lack of anything better to say. It’s not a reassurance. He simply knows everything will come to a head eventually. There’s no other way for it to go. One way or another, everything will end. It’s the middle of the end. They just have to get there. Right now it’s hard to focus. By some merciful stroke of luck, Dean changes the subject. “
“Believe me, I did. You’re no use to us gone on pain, jumping at the drop of a hat. It’s all hands on deck, Cas.”
“–Cas?”
Kinda short, but groundwork etc. Happy New Year!
The phone buzzes. It’s the phone, it must be. Castiel tries to keep from opening his eyes. It is the phone. It could be Sam. He gives up and opens his eyes. He doesn’t need to look around to confirm what he already knows. Dean is gone.  Dean was never here. But angels don’t sleep. Angels don’t dream.
Look at him, they would say about Castiel. Maybe that’s how the story would be told. God, the angels knew, struck Lucifer down for loathing humanity. And Castiel, too, was one of God’s sons. A brother to the angels. The rebel. The leader. The lover of things.
“‘Course they fuckin’ do. Shut up and get me the whiskey, I gotta clean this wound.”
Dean groans before he can stop himself. He’s actually too hungover to be horny. He knows he’s in Castiel’s bed, and a glance over his shoulder tells him that he’s alone. A stab of panic makes Dean sit up. His stomach turns and lurches, and he has to fight the wave of nausea.
“Dean, come on!” Sam exhales sharply, frustrated. “I told you about this weeks ago. Just– ignore the cameras. Pretend we’re not here! It’s not a big deal. It’s like having a conversation with a friend. You know how to do that.”
Castiel opens his mouth to object but then just sort of shuts up. “My old job. Not exactly, but yes. Something like that.”
Dean is real. He's real and he's actually here, and they're talking. In person.
So, yes, maybe. They’ll write of the man who became the most abhorrent creature of hell. A demon. Yet, he walked the earth with his heart of gold. And the angel who loved him so, who fell from heaven to walk beside him.
Castiel already knows the answer to this one.
Worse, tricked or not, Cas no doubt already felt responsible. But Cas had always broken too vastly. These attempts at making amends were too small. Playing sorry, restocking shelves. He’s trying to hold onto that. And he’s losing. He’s lost.
“That’s creepy,” Dean teases. “You sound like a cannibal.”
“Look, it’s uh,” Bobby starts, looking sheepish. He rubs the back of his neck and sighs.
Castiel waits in the car as Dean refuels at the gas station. By the time they pull into the parking lot of the IHOP, he feels impatient. It feels like Dean’s moving at a glacial pace on purpose. He bites his tongue when they walk in and Dean flirts with the waitress. An omega. The kind of girl Dean normally manages to charm successfully. She seats them at a booth and Dean orders an inordinate amount of food.
That gets a reaction out of Dean. He actually looks a little guilty.
“Wouldn’t say that. More like they got the least control during a heat. Makes them more likely to be assholes is all. No matter what anyone tells you, that’s not a free pass.”
“We know he took the bigger cities almost simultaneously but now it makes no sense. If there’s a pattern, it's too erratic to make out. I thought he was moving northeast from the midwest, but now the Croats have hit Nebraska and Florida, going by the news. I can’t tell if it’s on direct orders from him or if it’s just spreading like a disease.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He gets a text back almost immediately.
This close, Dean can see his eyelashes individually. He can smell Cas’ bodywash - the same one he sometimes sneakily uses so he can pretend it’s the smell of Cas’ skin lingering on him. And he can smell Cas’ breath, hot and sticky from the liquor and juice. Dean’s gaze drops to Cas’ mouth and he wets his lips, suddenly feeling parched.
Charlie snorts.
“It cannot wait, Dean.”
There’s a wound in his shoulder. The trench coat is frayed and torn, but blood doesn’t seep from under it. Broken glass glitters in his hair and on his shoulders and at his feet.
Silence. For a while. So still and undisturbed that Castiel feels that phantom ring in his ears, a perturbing facsimile of angelic voices. But it is nothing more than an illusion.
to have an internal freak out.
Unbidden, the image of Dean from his heat comes to Castiel’s mind. Flushed. Wanting. Desperate.
Dean looks around for an escape. This whole conversation exposes him. Makes him sound like the jealous friend who’s hiding a crush poorly. And while that is true, he doesn't want it to come out like this. Not here. Not now. Maybe not ever.
Castiel drives. This is what he knows: Angels are energy. Wavelengths. Intent.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says because he doesn’t know what else to say. In spite of everything, even under the hollow facade, Dean still cares. The pills take effect swiftly on Castiel’s empty stomach. The constant pain assaulting his shoulder blades numbs and lifts a little. He begins to feel loose and liquid, so he relaxes into it, shifting so he’s slumped against the wall.
It’s hard for Dean to remind himself to stay guarded because when it really gets going with Castiel, things are so good Dean has to stop and pinch himself to make sure he isn’t dreaming. It’s been three weeks and Dean has already slept over twice.
“Oh.” Cas sounds surprised and pleased and his voice turns lush with it. “Dean, I could sing you a lullaby if you wish. I know from experience that I’m quite effective at making infants sleepy.”
“Thought we were getting breakfast,” Dean complains.
Yep. Dean’s in love with him.
“Sam, what the hell is with these questions?”
Dean shuts the door behind her, his cheeks deliciously pink.
“Were you planning on leaving without saying anything?” Castiel asks. “Would you have left me behind if I hadn’t caught you?”
“Not a literal stairway.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Can you just unlock the damn door? My hands are a little full.”
“Is that Charlie again?” Daphne asks, and Castiel nearly jumps out of his skin.
Jane informs Castiel that Dean and about a half dozen other men have been gone for a week. The camp is filled with just enough arms and able bodies to form a protective perimeter. Chuck, Jane and two other men oversee the flurry of activity that engages the civilians and children of the camp. One woman in particular isn’t content to be relegated to laundry. By the time Castiel finds Chuck, she’s arguing with him vehemently, but she stops and walks away when she catches sight of Castiel.
Dean is constantly angry. At everyone. He casts these long, unreadable stares at Castiel, but looks away when he’s caught. Other times, he turns to stone. Castiel hates the miserable, unbearable silences.
“I don’t care,” he says truthfully. “He did the right thing.”
It’s the policeman from earlier in the day. The one who called them when the omega girl’s body was found. The one who lived here is whole life, and was aghast at the violence. His eyes are black. He empties the clip and doesn’t stop pulling the trigger. He keeps advancing.
“Do you love me? If yes, say it or take a shot.”
When they kiss, Dean climbs into Castiel’s lap. They fit together. It sets off an ache in Dean’s chest. By the time Castiel presses him into the bed, kissing him slow and deep, Dean feels shivery with apprehension. He wants this. He just doesn’t want it to be the last time.
Dean wrinkles his nose. “Where’s the small town charm?”
“We got lanterns,” Dean says uncertainly. “I think I saw them in the store room and I don’t know if they’re electric or what. There’s a couple flashlights and we could find more when we hit a city.”
