“They said I was disposable, wanted to kill me at the first opportunity, but Sherlock they want alive and safe. That Jim woman, she said she wanted to keep him, use him as a bargaining chip of some kind maybe. I saw a chance to escape and try to get you and I took it, how was I supposed to know you had a tracker?” John said, waving the mobile in his hand. Said phone began to ring, cutting away from the map to the call incoming screen, and John handed it back to Mycroft.
“I’m sorry, does it make you uncomfortable? I can put something on, it’s all right,” John asked. Hyperion turned his head to look back down his neck at his own body about the same time as a feeling of no and mild comfort of ‘it’s okay’.
Sherlock’s mind gave a frustrated groan still writhing away at John, capturing the new appendage in grasping tendrils as well. John even put on a show of acting like the firm grip and pull on the newly sprouted phallus brought him any more pleasure than the small tentacles clinging to his toes and fingers already did. He let off a genuine breathy pleasure-laden moan right against Sherlock’s skin and Sherlock caught onto the flare of arousal instantly, redoubling his efforts to feel more of John. John’s toes spread and the tendrils gripped tighter between them trailing up the soles of feet and caressing ankles; the ones on John’s hands wrapped the digits and snaked around wrists and forearms.
I said I would finish this fic and I mean it, its not abandoned I just had a lot going on over the last couple years. Thank you any readers still here for reading this fic even though its a WIP, I hope to have the next chapter done much much sooner than two more years from now.
John watched them go, slightly befuddled by Mrs Hudson’s reaction. Hyperion was laughing on his end of the bond, whether due to the situation at hand or the prior tickling John couldn’t tell, but the dragon’s laughter vibrating on the bond made John chuckle too. He was pulled back to the flat by Sherlock curling onto the sofa with a loud sigh, arms moving to protectively cover his belly and ribs.
“How many of those does he get?” John asked curiously, wondering at the contents of the large white pill.
They lay together for a while like that, not sleeping, just resting quietly. Hyperion carefully shared little snippets of pictures from his memories, nothing too intense or demanding on John’s mind, just simple memories to try and show John what it had been like before him. John saw Victor as a teen, filing a not-yet-flighted Hyperion’s claws after reprimanding him; Hyperion had been scratching furniture and walls alike because it felt so good to do it. The discovery of how amazing the texture of a palm tree felt scraping against shedding skin. Victor bought flowers; they smelled funny; little Hyperion destroyed them, burned the smelly things he didn’t like Victor disciplined him and replaced them with different plants. Victor failing to placate Hyperion as a hatchling, when his first veterinarian came, forced medicine when he got sick, small and still fragile, runty, and in need of some help at the start of his life. The first flight, the exhilaration of leaving the ground for a moment, wings finally big enough, strong enough, pushing air frantically grabbing for the sky...
“Fuck,” John heard Sherlock hiss quietly, making him look up at the slightly desperate tone. Sherlock sat there looking down at himself, at a somewhat flagged erection. John’ chuckled and for the first time since they started actually sat up, ignoring the wet squelches the motion produced.
“He’s just submitted the answer on his blog,” John said then he heard a shrill ringing on the other end of the line.
Sherlock sputtered at the contact, “John what are you doing?” he asked with a small hint of indignancy.
“I can open the windows and find a fan, maybe borrow something better smelling from Mrs Hudson, make the flat smell like rotten meat and something attempting to mimic a flower.”
“A fast is more like it,” John replied eye’s roving over the tall skinny form before him, all close fitting clothes. Of course he was only partially kidding, while yes Sherlock’s ribs showed a little more than John would like to see on someone Sherlock’s height the rest of him was just leanly muscled, strong thighs and calves, and he’d certainly felt the muscles of those arms earlier as Sherlock held onto him mid-flight.
They were in the service area at the center of the county hall building above the aquarium, and there right in front of the door sat a plain white van, the side panel door already sitting wide open. Sebbie bodily threw John into the back of the empty van, John landing painfully with a groan on the bare metal floor. The shark man carrying Sherlock crawled in behind him, inelegantly flopping Sherlock down against the wall, where he slid sideways, his face smushed against John’s knee.
“I was lonely, alright?” Sherlock snapped as he pushed Bellamy’s head away and sat back up, a dusting of sand now sticking up his side. “I was ten and my only friend had just been murdered, and I didn’t want to wait for the Masters to maybe give me a dragon.” Sherlock looked up at Bellamy again, and quietly corrected, “to give me someone who wouldn’t leave.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it, I’m not a prick. Talking about a veteran's issues behind his back is just plain low,” Tom replied seriously. “However, I will tell them the bit about you not being in a firefight when you found him; the guys in the cafeteria have been wanting to know something new about you since we heard about Hyperion coming back.” The smirk grew on his fuzzy face. That startled a bark of laughter from John.
what he sounded, like had heard it weeks before and willfully ignored it as if he could erase the sound of that deep baritone moaning against the bathroom tiles like Sherlock claimed he could erase things off his own ‘hard drive’ of a mind. John pushed his hand further down at the thought of that brief faint noise. He circled the base of his heavy cock with his fingers holding and feeling the hot pulse there as it filled and throbbed. John let out a soft huff of air as he pulled his fingers along the shaft, skin tightening and nerves sparking as the ring ran over the solid length, pushing his foreskin up over the swollen head of his cock and just holding there just under the rim, teasing and continuing to feel the hot pulse beneath his skin. He felt his face warming as well. How would Sherlock handle himself? John hadn’t seen his cock yet, even though the man had roamed the flat nearly naked multiple times. John’s imagination ran wild as it had before, only this time it knew that soon, soon he would actually get a chance to see Sherlock completely naked, hard and flushed. He would know if Sherlock was a grower, if he liked firm or soft handling, what other noises Sherlock would make if he moved just so.
and his skin spiked out, screw the residual effect of the drug already in his system, he wasn’t taking any more of it. He lashed out, stretching the inside of the medical bag and actively fighting to get out. The larger of the pair was on top of John in an instant, discarding his phone with a muttered ‘fuck’.
“What about Sherlock?” The thought popped out of his mouth quickly. He seemed healthy and fine when John talked to him but with all the trouble he’d caused…
John didn’t care, Hyperion was in a royal panic on the other end of the bond. The dragon now miles and miles away was still perfectly connected. If being in the flat was meant to make sure the bond would hold, then this was the true test; John had been quickly yanked away from being close to Hyperion right across the hall.
“I’m the reason you’re trapped here.” As though that was a perfectly valid reason for hating Sherlock’s guts and not being concerned about his wellbeing.
“So how often do you find yourself stopping yourself from kissing me?” Sherlock froze momentarily at the small surprise kiss.
When John went downstairs again to put his things in the bathroom he nearly startled himself in the mirror. He hadn’t shaved since before coming to the Aerie and now sported an extraordinarily scruffy amount of beard growth, not to mention that his hair was a disaster, growing halfway down his neck and beginning to get into his eyes, far too long. The bathroom seemed clean compared to the kitchen and John decided he’d take a proper shower for the first time in weeks, and shave. After, his face felt fresh and clean, even if his longer hair bothered him.
He abandoned John’s penis to lean forward and help him remove the gel from his eyes and John finally got to look up into Sherlock’s face, which descended and claimed his lips again in a deep kiss.
“Thank you love,” he whispered to Sherlock, who would most certainly hear him considering he was touching much of John’s skin and bearing his mass entirely.
The choice was taken out of his hands when a truckload of enemy soldiers veered around the corner and unloaded at least twenty more fully armed men.
“You have been seen outside of the Aerie with Sherlock Holmes,” the man said crisply, sitting up even straighter in his chair, looking down his nose at John.
Sherlock’s brain seemed to catch up with what John was about to do and those large hands came up to grip John’s hips as John reached back for that cock, raising up on his knees and slowly sinking onto it with a long sigh. Sherlock let out an equally pleased sounding groan at the same time, hands squeezing into John’s hips until he was fully seated in Sherlock’s lap.
Once they’d finished Sherlock settled on the floor and proceeded to wrap himself around John as much as possible, John wanting to shrink away from the bright light inside the ambulance but still unable to.
“But you prefer the paper: a printed newspaper was a bit of a luxury during your time in the service. Ever since you came to live here, you wake up in the morning and read the paper over breakfast. It would be a small annoyance piled atop my many others that you may have to live with.”
And then other people appeared, crawling from the other aquarium tanks nearby to stand wobbling against the railing. The agents who had been captured, and several more people emerged, looking around lost and confused.
Sherlock responded with a huff, curling himself up into an impossibly small ball for one so tall, as though if he curled himself tight enough John would stop talking to him and grinning. The mental image of Sherlock taking some of John’s clothes, squeezing them to his face and chest and inhaling deeply nearly pulled a laugh out of him. Instead, a small note of confusion pressed at his mind from Hyperion. He’d been thinking about it hard enough to capture the dragon’s attention, and now Hyperion was curious what on earth was conjuring such humorous images.
“Fine,” he mumbled, rolling over onto his back. John noticed Sherlock tuck his long, webbed, toes under John’s thigh and smiled as he leaned against the glass again, settling in for a story.
“And I never said he wouldn’t. Don’t forget I blame you for the fact that he’s in such a sorry state to begin with. Hyperion should have never left this Aerie-” A loud clacking from behind them cut short the brewing row before it could really take off.
They then served the main course of their dinner, taking the larger containers out of the bag, happily still warm. The warm yellow flicker from the candle between them provided a nice glow that lit the angles of Sherlock’s face nicely. The candle sat between them alongside the bottle and their food set out with them facing each other, a bag of warm bread open to share in the middle. Combined with the ever-changing glow of the nearby jellyfish tanks and their delicate occupants to either side of them, blue to purple at that moment, it actually did look fairly romantic.
“No, should I?” John replied as they turned a corner and entered a glass tunnel, sharks and turtles and all sorts of fish flying above while children and parents ooh’d and aah’d at them. The man kept walking, avoiding the crowds of people until he rounded the corner and stopped in front of the aquarium’s pride and joy, the huge shark tank with Easter Island heads towering from the bottom of the tall tank.
The rest of the night continued as usual. Sherlock rifling around on the computer for a while after dinner until he decided he’d had enough and slumped into John, falling asleep on him after a bit of mumbled conversation and an absent minded peck on the cheek as he drifted off. John couldn’t help a small smile growing off and on through the night at the innocent kiss from Sherlock.
Sherlock’s mind felt the disorientation and the panicky wave that came with it and cradled John’s mind all the more. John could feel the comforting warmth of his mate trying to combat the effects of the drug and bring John calm even as the world kept turning around them. Lestrade and a number of other humans were busy around them cuffing and removing John’s tormentors and beginning to inspect the small closet of space for their tools. Sherlock, on the other hand, was immovable, sitting next to the aquarium tank touching his mate.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” John tilted his head just a bit to kiss Sherlock’s neck and felt him shiver at the small contact. It made John smile.
“Okay,” John replied with a smile in his voice, the admission that Sherlock liked John’s singing was enough to make his already romance flooded heart do a little flip. A little niggling thought made him almost laugh, wondering if Sherlock had secretly listened to the times when he’d indulged in his silly side singing in the shower.
“Come on,” John finally said, taking Sherlock by the hand and leading him towards the stairs and their dinner.
“Shh, its okay, we’re done,” John told him as his cock slipped free of Sherlock’s slightly reddened hole.
“I listened,” Sherlock leaned into John’s side, “sort of,” he added. “I followed till they reached the car park, saw the woman from yesterday, heard them. I called Lestrade when they went deeper down and didn’t come back.” A part of John felt a warm glow at the thought of Sherlock actually listening to him and calling before for help. Who knew what might have happened if Sherlock tried to act on his own? A little earlier and he might have been stabbed or captured and drugged alongside John. Sherlock felt the happiness through their contact and beamed himself, creating a tiny loop of giving and receiving joy between their skins.
He didn’t even take time to change clothes or grab anything beyond his cane. John’s leg and shoulder both hurt. John hobbled down the stairs, past Sherlock asleep on the sofa, and out to Hyperion’s pit where he found Hyperion laying half in his sand pool and breathing hard. The entire time the bond felt alight with fear. John tried to calm Hyperion from a distance, but he was too confused and frightened himself by the dream to do much good.
John drifted off to sleep content and comfortable bundled in his duvet, with thoughts of Sherlock still dancing through his head. No sugar plums for him. No nightmares either. He dreamed of chasing after Sherlock, the odd dream Sherlock who occasionally had silvery scales, and falling into his arms in the shade of a tree rather than falling from the sky. And when he woke up he’d get to do so in real life. He’d wake up and start the day hugging Sherlock as he made morning coffee, and kiss him long and deep. A lovely Christmas indeed.
“Understand... I love you, but you must understand why I’m angry with you right now,” John spoke aloud, grabbing both mugs of lukewarm tea from the counter and coming back to sit in his chair. An appendage set Sherlock’s mug down on the floor next to him. Sherlock didn’t form a mouth to reply, just shifted and settled quietly into the dip in his chair.
“We’re not slimy anymore.” John complained quietly into Sherlock’s throat when an impatient whine erupted there.
The pangs of transformation set in before John could swim over and tug the scarf off, and upon his eyes clearing up there was Sherlock, swimming along as a tuna, with a blue scarf looped over his head. If John could articulate a smile he would have been grinning ear to ear at the silliness of the sight. Sherlock didn’t seem to be bothered at all by the scarf so John left it alone, eventually it would fall off or Sherlock would change back with it and take the sodden thing off later.
, you are a rider.” Sherlock supplied the distinction, not looking up at John as he said it. A long moment passed between them as John tried to absorb what that meant. Did it mean Sherlock thought him better than most people? Or maybe favored him? Thought John a friend? The rider didn’t give him too much time to think on it as he sniffed and suddenly stood up from his stool. “Still with the potential to be an idiot though,” he clarified as if he’d just realized that he’d admitted something to John that he hadn’t really meant to leave his mouth.
“I can do it myself, you know,” John said a little indignant at the manhandling while also a smidge conscious of where Sherlock’s hands were on his body even through layers of clothes.
John thought to him, continuing to push comfort to Hyperion knowing how much John’s crazy adventure that day had stressed the both of them out. He glanced at Sherlock who was staring out the window at the sky, John could almost see the gears whirring away in his head, thinking about god knew what.
Thank you Nautilicious for betaing this chapter for me, it took a while to get this fic done, thanks for sticking with me.
They did come to a stop in front of 221b though, much to John’s relief. He glanced over at Anthea, eyeing her from long stocking-clad legs to wavy hair. Nothing about her screamed ‘dangerous’, but John knew never to make that kind of assumption. “You’re not going to kill me are you?” he asked a touch dryly. That made her chuckle and look over at him with a raised eyebrow
“Hyperion!” John called, turning back to his dragon, trying to let the commanding voice of a soldier tint the name. “Hyperion come down here,” he patted the edge of the mat to get his attention. Hyperion’s whole head tossed in his direction this time, looking down at John and sending conflict pinging through John’s mind. ‘I want to pay attention to you, but there is an intruder in my home,’ the curiosity for John clashing with the mild fear of what Molly was doing when Hyperion wasn’t watching her.
John smoothed his hands up Sherlock’s body from crease of hip to swell of pectoral; taking a moment to tease nipples with thumbs and getting lost in the slight arch of Sherlock’s back into the small round and round motion, pad catching on the gradually hardening nub. He grinned, loving that Sherlock was so much more sensitive there than himself. He kept up the maddeningly hypnotic little movement, alternating sides, until Sherlock let out a groan.
The moment he hit dry air his lungs burned and he began coughing, feeling like he was suffocating. The man attached to the arm hauled him out of the water and up onto the concrete, quickly pushing him onto his hands and knees. John’s body suddenly heaved and he retched an ungodly amount of water and bile onto the floor. He couldn’t see out of the water, his vision extremely blurry. Even as he continued hacking up water he felt hands on his face, thumbs and fingers rubbing and plucking at his eyes until finally something gave way and it felt like a thick skin had peeled away, clearing his sight perfectly out of one then both eyes. He felt slimy, like there was a gel film on his skin. John finally stopped retching but his entire chest felt sore. His limbs felt weak and his arms promptly decided to fold under his weight. Pale arms caught him before he could land face first in his own sick and pulled him to the side. John’s slime-covered skin allowed him to be pulled across the smooth floor easily. John looked up at the man hauling him with his hands under John’s armpits. It was the nude man from before.
“On my way now,” he replied, piling his plate alongside the others waiting to be washed and striding through the doors with as much confidence as his limp would allow. He took the path he remembered best to get from the cafeteria to the airfield, the one Sally had taken his first day there. John still had to pause and glance at directional signs, but following the flows of Aerie traffic and the massive open-air halls brought him to the right place.
“Oh, that certainly explains Molly these last few days,” Sherlock mused. At John’s own raised eyebrow he continued, “perkier than usual and overall heightened cheeriness.”
He was cut off by a grumbled “No,” again as Sherlock scrunched himself tighter into the cushions of the sofa.
a panicked voice shrieked as John’s eyebrows rose towards his hairline. She wasn’t pretending to scent fear, he would bet money that she was smelling his blood on the air from his open wounds.
“What about your friend here?” John asked, nodding his head at Tartan Scarf’s knocked-out cohort. The man just grunted and shrugged.
“I,” Sherlock began, then paused when John rubbed over his chin and up his ears. “I find that I am rather… fond of you, John,” he said a smidge awkwardly.
“It’s a bit cold isn’t it? Out here in the open I mean?” John asked, as a couple of the lingering Aerie staff came to help Lestrade coax Hyperion into moving. Hyperion groaned and let out a huffy sigh before lifting his head slowly on his own and curling back on himself into the padded crate. John felt a throb of annoyance from being handled and bothered so much cross the bond, along with a smidge of gratitude at John’s concern for his comfort.
“Just stay inside for a bit, yeah?” He asked, turning to follow Mycroft’s path out. “I worry about your safety is all, I’d rather not see one of you on the next news headline in trouble or dead,” he said solemnly, finally taking his leave and letting the pair settle together, knowing John was probably still angry at his core even if it wasn’t so blatant on his surface anymore.
“Holmes?” John picked up on the name immediately, turning to look at the man still waiting prim and proper behind them. “You’re a Holmes?”
He just floated there, the normally beautiful surroundings of the tank he’d seen from behind glass a distorted nightmare that he could not even blink away. The other tuna stayed close by, bumping into him now and then, causing him to slowly spiral through the tank.
Screamed a shrill thought. Bellamy was just walking, like a particularly massive pony ride at the zoo. He felt her muscles shifting under his calves. He felt like he was drowning on nothing, not actually taking any oxygen from the air in his lungs and becoming more and more light headed by the moment. A sad thought eked in that it’d be so damn embarrassing to actually pass out just sitting in the saddle on the ground. A pair of arms snaked around John from behind.
John asked himself. Lestrade would be in bed sleeping peacefully like most humans would be at this time of night.
Hyperion pushed a memory to him, of Victor coming to him positively reeking of Sherlock, of meeting Sherlock and Bellamy for the first time on duty around the Aerie, at the landing field, in the hall, and putting that smell and the man together.
“There wasn’t any need to rush,” Sherlock interrupted just as quiet and serene as before. John shut his mouth with a small click. He honestly could have just ignored the text and continued on his way to the cafeteria. But that pull from before, the one that had called ‘come on it might be something interesting’ had lured him back to Sherlock, and there he stood.
The biggest revelation of that day was where and how Hyperion went to the bathroom in his enclosure. John had been thinking about maybe getting up and heading for the loo himself, when Hyperion hefted himself up off his matt. At first it worried John when Hyperion started walking into his sand pit. Hyperion still wasn’t allowed to sit or wallow in the stuff, his injuries still too open to the risk of getting packed with grit. All Hyperion did though was go to the far end near the door and began digging a hole in the sand, revealing a sort of stone ledge separating a portion of the sand away from the rest of the pool. He was like a cat with a litter box, John realized, averting his eyes in a strange urge to give the dragon privacy when he figured out what Hyperion was about to do. Hyperion did his business and quickly turned and mounded a small dune on top, cleanly covering any mess and smell. He came back to the mattress and flopped again. John had picked up one of his books and began looking for more information, weirdly enough, about a combination of dragon digestion and whether it was healthy that that was literally the only time he’d seen Hyperion do that in the last three days and how that partitioned off bit of sand would get cleaned out. Turned out all was fine and a question to Tom later revealed that there’d be a cleaner in on Sunday and not to worry, dragons were fastidiously clean creatures. In general it had just been a bit of a weird ‘never thought about that’ sort of moment in an overall calm day.
But nothing happened. The pistol lifted away from his head and Sebbie made a frustrated noise. The gun had jammed. John didn’t give her a chance to try again. He lunged towards her legs, roughly ramming into her as he grabbed for the knife handle. As she fell to the floor with a snarl, dropping her gun, he came away with a dagger about the length of his hand. Sebbie didn’t stay down for more than a second, though, and she was coming at John again. Out of pure reflex, he struck out with the dagger, slicing at her in an attempt to keep her at bay. The knife caught her face.
“Didn’t need to ask,” John said, closing the gap between them and meeting Sherlock’s descending lips. This kiss wasn’t quite as urgent as the ones up on the tower. Sherlock was taking his time feeling it. His ungloved hands trailed across John’s skin this time, long fingers skimming almost ticklishly light up his neck to cradle John’s face between large palms. And John loved it. Sherlock pulled away only to reposition and take his mouth over and over again. They didn’t even move, John had half a mind to maneuver them over onto the sofa and escalate the moment from simply kissing to rutting, the thought of that alone was enough to encourage the beginnings of a hard on.
Thankfully, she let him go with a firm parting drag of nails on his thigh. John instantly curled in on himself, attempting to protect those vulnerable parts from further abuse and not caring about the drag of the grating on his side. A glance at Sherlock revealed a pale horrified face, unaffected mask completely slipping and falling away in fear for John’s safety.
Sherlock stood up as he spoke, and John watched him as he paced, rambling on about various sources of knowledge on dragons outside of an Aerie. He looked flustered, like he was just barely holding in an explosion of energy.
“Of course, every Aerie no matter how small has some sort of library, even the little ones and outposts have a few shelves for reference manuals and the like,” Lestrade said, turning a corner.
John was a lovely shade of bright scarlet usually, and a very modest Mollisian, opting to wear clothes on top of his humanoid shape when out and about. John hadn’t even known what Sherlock was up to until Lestrade had called. He was now seething in the car turning a slightly darker shade and losing most of his form detail as he waited for his mate.
“Come on then, let's get you indoors,” John said as Hyperion looked down at him through a cloud of his own breath.
“Sherlock?” John called, getting no reply. He sighed looking down at the shorts, gave in and put them on.
“Simple,” Sherlock said, pulling his hands apart to take out his mobile. "They are a ‘fan’ of mine, where else would they see it but on my personal blog?” John watched as he opened the page to his blog and began typing a new entry: ‘Found: one trainer belonging to Carl Powers (1973-1986)…’ He stopped there leaving the cursor blinking and looked up at where Mike was finishing up his work.
“Have you sent it?” Sherlock asked urgently bustling back into the kitchen in a familiar fashion to how he’d burst out of his room that morning. John let out a long ‘errrr’ as he finished punching in the last few letters. Too long of a pause for Sherlock who impatiently asked again “Well, have you done it?”
If Sherlock ever felt John startle awake again in the morning he never said anything, just hugged him closer, just as John did when he felt Sherlock startle. The first few days after that at 221B came with a slight adjustment period and that was one of them, becoming used to the fact that waking up in the morning and seeing the sun did not mean that they were about to die. They each had their own unique nightmares about the whole ordeal but they comforted each other when the nightmares woke them.
“There you go. I’m sorry about your rider boy, but you’re going to be okay. I’ll take you to my friends and you can get better there, all right?” John was just rambling, a soothing tone for a creature he had no idea how to properly care for. He found a badge set into the leather of the harness that lay like latticework around Hyperion’s neck and chest. It carried the dragon’s name, rider’s name, and point of origin, Hyperion was an England-born dragon, bred from the Aerie near London and raised by rider Victor Trevor. The rest of the writing on the large plate-sized tag was a gibberish of words and numbers to John. The harness itself was torn in ways that made it almost useless, belts slashed and mangled, the saddle between Hyperion’s shoulders skewed to one side. Had Victor remained tethered on to the harness he would have had a time just staying on during flight.
“I just wanted to make sure you’re alright before I leave you two to adjust.” He said resuming the doctorly concerned tone.
The image built John a sort of mental picture of a taller man who, while loving to his dragon, stayed distant and cold as far as skin to skin contact went; a person who definitely, even at a young age, did not just take his clothes off and skinny dip in a pool in front of other people, or at least in front of a creature like Hyperion.
Once they were both done Sally packed away the boxes to take back to the kitchens and called the children back into order, all of whom let out a small chorus of awww’s as they grouped up nearby. Just before she turned to leave John remembered,
“You’ve touched the most intimate parts of me,” John said simply, and right away he felt and mentally heard something like a gasp.
?” John insisted, hoping Sherlock hadn’t been willing to risk whatever kind of poison had been in that capsule on a guess. When Sherlock didn’t answer right away he considered his fear confirmed. “God you were actually going to risk your life on a total guess!” John said, exasperated, “and what about Bellamy, you don’t love her enough to not take stupid idiotic risks like that?!”
“This is yours?” John said dumbly, watching the long neck bow to nose at Sherlock’s outstretched palm.
“Dr John Watson! Welcome to London Aerie!” The shout came from a man walking towards him through the crowd of carrier crew gathered around the crate. The man was nowhere near as bulky as Omar at Kandahar, still a bit taller than John though, and had short, silver grey hair. He wore a wide smile as he approached John, hand outstretched.
, which threw John off for a moment, considering Hyperion generally loved being in contact with and around John. John pressed again,
“Of course, come on, more,” John said, pulling his knees up a little to give Sherlock better access. Sherlock smiled, planting a few more kisses and nips into the skin of John’s hip as he kept those fingers going up the thigh to press at perineum and hole, spreading the slick and rubbing it in along with what was already there.
“Species native to Sri Lanka with subspecies scattered around the Bay of Bengal, evolved to spit an acidic saliva that has been reported, when in contact with the skin and mucous membranes, to create an effect similar to that seen chemical burn patients. The Frilled are a rare variety found on the Nicobar islands and Sumatra. The Plated are the slightly more common, least harmful, variety found and kept on Sri Lanka.” Sherlock recited as though he was reading the information off of an encyclopedia page.
“Child’s play,” Sherlock said, as though he were completely indifferent and bored by the whole case. But John knew he’d seen Sherlock’s eyes light up, saw him hovering around excited energy rolling off of him as he investigated the puzzle. Sherlock wouldn’t admit it but he was happy, John was sure of it.
“I told you your clothes were at the cleaners yesterday, you cannot expect to wear the same clothes for weeks on end, especially with… that all over.” Mycroft’s nose crinkled as he fluttered a hand at the mess the pair on the floor had left, John trying to scrub at it subtly while the brothers weren’t looking at him. “The assistant I had assigned to drop them off failed to do so and has been dismissed.”
“I’m sorry Hyperion, today’s not your feeding day!” She grinned as she gathered up her things. Lestrade returned from putting the stool she’d used away.
“I miss it, whatever it is,” John told her. It was true, whatever that connection had been, now that it was gone it felt like a craving; he wanted it back, needed it back, even though he didn’t know what it was he was even craving.
Lestrade was pacing when they entered, looking like he’d been raking his hand through his hair nervously as he held a phone to his ear.
“Down,” John prompted tugging at scales again to get his head down. “Down. She’s not doing anything you need to see, just lie still, focus on me and she’ll be gone before you know it,” he calmly told the tensed dragon. Hyperion grudgingly put his head back down, eye still shifted back trying to watch Molly.
Time seemed to slow; he could feel his heart thumping away as adrenalin rushed into his bloodstream and all he could really do was pray for a miracle. He clung to the thick scales of Hyperion’s foreleg and braced himself for the impact.
“I know that place,” Sherlock said straight away, turning and nearly bumping into John as he went to dramatically sweep from the room, phone still in hand.
It was in that moment that it clicked and John realized that he was going to have to fly, up in the air, high above the ground. John’s brain went into overdrive. He honestly hadn’t thought about the reality that his life now involved a lot more flying than it had before. John could count on the fingers of one hand the number of times he’d been unwillingly flung skyward by dragon wings. One had brought him to Afghanistan; otherwise he had been grounded since he arrived, running and riding with ground troops and caravans, and never once thinking or wanting to leave the ground.
John’s brain hazily supplied. He tried to focus more on a face, but in the dim lighting he still struggled to make much out. He opened his mouth again only to emit a few more dry coughs that made the aching pain beginning to radiate across his chest worse.
John didn’t know what to do, leave would be the best option but now that he was there with his hand paused over the faucet handle he didn’t know if any further movement would signal his presence. He turned his head to where the noise was coming from, a shower stall, three white tiled walls and a shower head above; somewhere in the line of open stalls the pair were getting louder, one more so than the other.
“I have an older sister you know, used to keep this sort of thing up for hours with her when we were younger,” John said, threatening another round.
“Good morning, you,” John mumbled quietly. Hyperion calmly pushed a soft swell of happiness across the bond that warmed John to his core and made him feel amazing. Being allowed to sleep so long and not be interrupted by blaring emergencies or shouting higher-ups at ungodly hours of the morning was such a new occurrence, after years of the military beating into him the instinct to be up and running at the drop of a hat. To be able to wake up, calmly eat, and just enjoy a calm morning, even go back to sleep for a while if he chose, that was a luxury in the extreme after frontlines and battlefield hospitals.
“He’s been drugged, not sure what with, not deadly, psychoactive, paralytic...” Sherlock replied quietly, trailing off, barely forming a mouth to speak at all. John could tell the detective’s mind was not on figuring out what John had been drugged with, just that it wanted John comforted and safe. The genius analytical side would come later, once John was okay.
That night the violin started. It wasn’t unpleasant, just mildly startling at half past three in the morning. John tried to quietly descend the stairs with his cane and found Sherlock up in the sitting room, violin tucked under his chin and bow in hand, playing away at a nice even-tempo piece. Sherlock faced the window behind his chair and appeared oblivious to the fact that John was watching him as he gently swayed in the moonlight. While John could honestly say he’d never roomed with someone who played instruments at all hours of the night he reasoned it could have been worse. The violin was nice and through the layers of the flat up in his room it was quiet enough to fall asleep to.
Sherlock reached up and straightened his scarf in what looked like an almost self-conscious gesture. “Four people are dead, there’s no time for the police.” And that cool mask was back as he popped up the back of his coat collar. He gave John a brief grin and there was that spark in his blue eyes, that cried, ‘follow me if you want an adventure!’ before turning down the stairs. John looked back into the flat at the mess Sherlock had left,
Silence fell at that. Sherlock leaned over to lay his head on the arm of the sofa, knees still drawn up. “I enjoy your company,” Sherlock murmured. This time it was John’s turn to raise his eyebrows at him, and Sherlock said peevishly, “don’t look so shocked. You make for a nice sounding board, otherwise its just me talking to myself in an empty flat and making Mrs Hudson worry about my sanity.”
“You’re acting like you want to go for a run,” John said, watching as Sherlock glanced down the hall again.
“Shut up. I’ve ignited experiments at both the veterinary labs and on the training fields, I have set fire to myself no less than 10 times over the course of my life to varying degrees, I have blown the windows out of the flat twice, and once Bellamy accidentally burned down her pit’s ceiling, satisfied?” Sherlock asked crossly.
“Thank you, Sally. Oh, and thanks for the books, certainly eye openers,” he said, gaining her attention from a beaker with a layer of green in the bottom of it.
“Billy stick him already,” the man on top of John demanded. The threat of the syringe as ‘Billy’ quickly prepared it only made John fight all the harder. He heard the aquarium’s seams creaking around him about to break and give under his pushing.
“Is Bellamy aware you do that?” John wondered aloud, adding the sugar to Sherlock’s tea and taking it to him, sitting down with his own in the armchair that had become his.
Minutes passed in an uneasy silence, watching the Aerie go by until Lestrade finally pulled up in front of them in a brown jeep.
“Well then what do you call Mike, and Molly, and Mrs Hudson, and Angelo, they all seem to care about you. I know the nestlings like you, Mary has told me plenty when she’s helping me with Hyperion.”
“The question isn’t why the shoe was missing, but why this shoe in particular?” Sherlock mumbled looking under the tongue of the shoe.
Sherlock leaned forward, pinning John in place with his chest as he let out a dark aroused chuckle, realizing what his voice did to John. The movement also trapped Sherlock’s hand between them, John pushing his cock through that webbed fist a little faster now as he panted towards his finish. Sherlock continued to rut against John’s hip, his speed increasing with John’s.
“John,” Lestrade sounded tired.“I need you to stay inside the Aerie. Don’t follow Sherlock anywhere, don’t take any cabs, just stay put.” John could hear voices in the background; it sounded busy, wherever he was.
Sherlock must have seen some guilt on John’s face, though, because he huffed, “no matter, I’ll just have to wait for another to surface. If the sponsor is a fan they’ll crop up again soon enough.”
John looked up at Hyperion, feeling fear for the first time radiating from the dragon in strong enough waves to know it was not fear for himself, but fear for John, intermingled with the fierce urge to protect. The soldiers had them pinned up against the wall, firing range style; any move to run and John would have been gunned down instantly.
“Trouble isn’t a harsh enough word for what I was in. I was so blinded by my loneliness and my wish for a friend, I actually stole a dragon. That egg I broke was meant to go to another, older, more experienced, nestling. Josie was only the beginning. At least she showed some compassion, after the shock of finding us, she helped me clean her, ran to get some food for her. I was a stupid child, letting my heart run away, not using my head, caring too much,” Bellamy nudged at him again, gently with a small warm huff. “Of course the Masters found out, the whole Aerie found out. The nosy, annoying, Holmes child stole a dragon, Christ you’d have thought the Aerie walls were about to crumble around their ears, the sky would fall soon.” Sherlock laughed hollowly, putting a palm on Bellamy’s nose.
“The bathroom’s down the hall to the left,” Mrs Hudson prompted, ignoring Sally’s rude comment. “If you need anything, just call, Dr Watson. If I don’t hear you, Angus will. Now, would you like some tea?” she asked as John shuffled around the kitchen, looking but not touching any of the equipment.
“But the killer didn’t take her wallet, why would they take her phone and leave the wallet? That doesn’t make any sense.”
“A woman’s life depends on finding out what this is,” Sherlock stated flatly, knowing that playing the victim card would instantly get Mike’s soft heart to do anything for him. John watched Mike’s eyebrows rise.
By the end of the session John was at best aching again as the therapist helped him back into the sling, reminding him she’d be back again for another session tomorrow. Hyperion snorted at her as she left and instantly nosed at John a bit, making sure he was okay and in one piece.
“Mr Moriarty isn’t going to be happy for the rest of the day now probably,” Mary said, sitting at lunch.
“Nothing too excessively violent, but after getting all manner of things from eggs to apples thrown at you, one tends to take precautions.” Sherlock stabbed the hard boiled egg on his sparsely covered plate. “The last one was months ago, cold tea dumped down the back of a shirt isn’t exactly pleasant.” John looked at his own steaming cup of tea for a moment at that; no wonder Sherlock seemed a bit cautious.
With a last thankful kiss to John’s forehead Sherlock darted back up the stairs, John chuckling at his lover’s retreating naked arse. Sherlock was not gone long; he returned moments later with a disappointed frown on his face.
John had been then bundled into a small jeep and sped off into the Aerie, down massive halls with ceilings open to the sky and floors worn smooth by centuries of use. The Aerie was a massive ancient stone complex. As they passed, John stared, mouth agape, at huge arched doorways with worn wooden doors and painted dragons, in awe of the sheer enormity of the structures. John had never been near an Aerie, let alone inside one. The closest he had ever come were the landings for the dragons who had transported him to the war, and those had been a completely separate place away from an Aerie altogether.
“No. I am perfectly fit. There is absolutely nothing wrong.” Sherlock cut John off quickly, “I would think you would want to get Hyperion inside, your leg is starting to go again I see,”
“I’m sorry, Hyperion, but others need to use the pool too,” John said, rubbing the nearest shoulder he could reach. Hyperion reluctantly rolled back to his belly and dove again, submerging himself entirely and moving towards the deeper end. John could feel the mild petulance across the bond, the dragon trying to prolong getting out.
“Sherlock, what the hell is wrong with you?” Lestrade shouted, cutting him off, “You can’t just do shit like that and not expect to get in trouble for it.”
John moved back a bit from the neck to survey the rest of Hyperion, now that the beast no longer seemed to want to snap him in half. When Victor had said Hyperion was brown John had assumed he was a big muddy-looking thing that would be at home in a peat bog. No, Hyperion was lighter than that, sandy-colored and blending into the landscape of the desert. The back of his head had a crown-like adornment of tan spikes; the only other ridges on him were a short row of blunt spines at the crest of his hindquarters going down his tail. Otherwise he was smooth with a long whip-like tail and dagger-like claws. He wore mottled stripes of darker browns across his back, and his belly was white, but his overall coloration was that of sand. And gold, there was gold flecked in his scales, a few pure gold clumps of them smattered throughout his body in small patches. John’s eye’s widened as he looked back towards the great head now turned sideways to stare at him. Gold never went to war; gold was given to royals, people of high status who would never go into battle, to be kept as pets or personal transport at best, even he knew that. Hyperion was not a pure gold dragon the likes a leader would ride, but those few scales meant something important.
So, instead he decided to pull his clasped hand back towards himself, so that he could kiss the long fingers, keeping eye contact while he did so.
“What has you in such a good mood?” Sherlock asked, as he covered John’s head and ruffled him as well.
“Good, turn the lights off on your way out,” Sherlock said, thankfully not looking back and not seeing the light blush coloring John’s face. And with that Sherlock flopped into his nest of blankets, wedging himself against Bellamy’s leg and burying himself until only the black mop of his hair was visible, underlit by the faint glow of a smartphone. That was that then, Sherlock’s unsubtle way of ending a conversation.
“Well, frankly yes, Jim is, well, he’s Jim it just seems so…” John couldn’t think of a word to describe how strange that interaction had seemed.
The first couple of days were filled with small faces peeking back at the both of them throughout the lectures. The children obviously knew Sherlock, but John was still a curiosity. They knew he had Hyperion but otherwise the new rider was a mystery to them. Slowly one or two of them would come up to John during their breaks and say hello.
“Is there anything I can do?” She asked softly. John shook his head, his vocal cords refusing to work for him as his face crumpled and he sniffled more. She grabbed a box of tissues and just stayed beside him, a comforting presence, handing him tissues and carefully rubbing his back as he buried his face in a tissue, crying quietly from there on out.
’. Blue and silver filigree decorated the space around it making it stand out even more on the dark wood of the door.
“Love you too, dear,” Sherlock chuckled, picking his head up and licking a wet stripe up John’s neck and ear.
They both held that position for a long moment, Sherlock huffing lightly above John until he finally realized his hand was still on John’s softened penis and extracted it, flopping on John afterwards.
“Who is Clifford?” Sherlock replied, mind waking up further out of its lax doze with a push of confusion and possessiveness at the implication of even touching another like he did John. John was his one and only.
Then a small syringe appeared in the weaselly man’s hand, brought forth with a bottle from the tool box. And John panicked. His mind screamed
“Well, yes, ground rules are good. But I just wanted to talk. For all the running around we’ve done these last couple days I don’t know much about you really, other than that you have a proclivity for keeping things that look rotten in the kitchen, you have a rather poor reputation amongst your peers, sometimes set things on fire including yourself-- thanks for that warning by the way I’m stocking a proper first aid kit as soon as I can-- and when you’re not doing assignments you’re off solving incredible mysteries.”
“Yes, now, line up and wait patiently for further instructions,” she ordered in clipped tones. The whole group scuttled to obey; the small girl ended up at the back of their line.
A taloned paw suddenly wrapped around him, scooping him off the ground easily, and it was in that moment John understood what he’d done: he’d just assaulted a rider in front of his dragon. He had seen Hyperion kill someone for that out on the battlefield. But rather than find himself being crushed or punctured by claws or teeth clamping around his head, he was pressed into Bellamy’s chest, paw pinning him against warmth and a loud healthy heartbeat. It wasn’t Hyperion, the heat wasn’t the same, the heartbeat even sounded slightly different, but she held him there all the same; she was hugging him like Hyperion had back at Kandahar. As she held him there he felt himself relaxing a bit; the familiar feel of belly scales against his cheek and a calming beat pumping away in his ears helped calm him and in turn calm Hyperion from afar.
John ignored the pain in his back as he vaulted down stairs and burst through the doors back into the aquarium proper. He could hear Sebbie behind him. She didn’t shout after him or make any threats, all he could hear were her footsteps following him, and that was even more terrifying than if she had been yelling. And then he heard a bang in the silence. He skidded around the corner of a hallway and turned wide eyed to see a crumbling bullet hole in the concrete wall where he’d just been.
But it wasn’t. The more he struggled to wake up the more the tail propelled him around the tank, bumping into smooth walls of glass and concrete and scraping along them, the tail flickering away at the corner of his bubbled vision.
Possibly, he would do all three, which really would be quite understandable, if perhaps not exactly reasonable.
When he reached the landing, he grew both more curious and concerned; the door was closed and the conversation, the words therein now audible, was very peculiar.
That point was brought home further by the fact that he wasn’t looking at Tessa as he spoke but John. In fact, his eyes never seemed to leave the doctor’s face. Something
"You dropped the nursing pillow,” John commented as his eyes focused on it. He knew it didn’t matter, even as he said it, but he couldn’t refrain from mentioning it any more than he could have laughing earlier, or coughing, for that matter. Well, if that didn’t tell him something.
Sherlock’s eyes widened a little at that. “I didn’t – I’ve never thought – “He almost stumbled over his words.
For a moment, that worried him, too, until he realised that what Sherlock was concentrating on wasn’t keeping the dragon in check – there wasn’t even the tiniest flicker of white or slitting of pupils. It was to keep the transformation, the shift, as slow as possible. Not because he was struggling but to showcase that he was indeed in control and couldn’t just keep the shift itself in check but the pace of it, too.
Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted slightly as though the comment didn’t make sense. “Yes, of course, you will. I wouldn’t ever expect you not to be.”
The pleading in the pale eyes were back, begging him to, it seemed, understand. “I don’t…but you shouldn’t be here. It’s not safe.”
No, not quite the last thing. The odd array of emotion playing across John’s face was quite vivid, too, as was the clenching of his heart at that. That last one did swirl just slightly, though – was that when he’d begun to lose consciousness?
He promised to send the information to John as quickly as possible, congratulated him on finding such a handsome, caring Alpha and ended the call.
His hand found his middle almost automatically, rubbing at it in gentle, soothing patterns to calm something that wouldn’t be able to feel it yet, and he couldn’t help swearing at himself for being such a stubborn berk.
“But…doesn’t that mean that your entire office is compromised?” John asked, feeling a sense of dread settle in the pit of his stomach at the thought.
I suspect this isn't what people thought they were going to get. I don't mean to spin it out or whatever else it might seem like, this was just how it turned out when I started to write.
Because this was only a temporary thing until John found a place to work, even if that somewhere had to be in a shop or a supermarket. Then he’d pay his share of food and rent, just like anybody else would.
He’d…lost control…again, the thing he’d been so worried about. But it hadn’t been instincts that had done the damage this time, and yet…but…
“But I…John, you need to tell me, who’s been here? Why was there somebody here? What did he did do? What –? “The baritone voice, which had risen a little with each question, abruptly cut off, as though its owner realised what he’d been doing and attempted to clamp down on it.
If you could achieve that, then it would be much easier to keep them, if and when they managed to get a child secured, from talking to anyone about how they had managed to have a child.
“Is there a point to this other than to show off and possibly scare the life out of me?” he asked, keeping his gaze on the human version. “Don’t you have some explosives to wrap me up in like you did with the other victims?”
This evidence on its own was surprising, but it wasn’t entirely unexpected, either. What fit that bill was the last deposit that had been made.
“You did,” the doctor confirmed, softly. Warmly, which seemed somehow incongruous even though it was the exact same approach as before. “I didn’t take it, but you did, nevertheless.”
“No. I did catch what you said earlier, and I can assure you that I am not about to ‘go feral’ on you.”
“Right,” he said, standing up straighter as he settled into practical mode, making to step away from Sherlock’s grasp. “Okay. I can do that. It’s only a single flight of stairs, it should be…be fine.”
He understood, both the words and the reason behind it, and therefore, he would play the Omega needed for the situation in question. The immediate and the rest, as well. If this were what was needed to get the job done, he would do it without issue and without comment. It served a purpose that he could see, in this case giving them potentially valuable information, and he could get behind.
Well, yes, I bloody well am! I’m trapped beneath the shapeshifting body of a mythical, impossible being that houses the friend I’m in love with, with no hope of getting out on my own and very little of getting help, as Mycroft has other things to deal with, even if he would raise a hand against his brother to help me, and I’m most likely moments away from being killed. I would be more worried if I wasn’t panicking!
One reassuring part, if you could call it that, was that he could recognise, just about, the general emotions at a glance and therefore could go through them relatively quickly, which’d only further help the situation.
A hand come up to rest against his cheek, gentle as it pressed against the light stubble there. It stopped him speaking.
“No, I…no, that’s true. I just…I can’t lose you, John, and I don’t know what else to do to make sure that I don’t lose you.”
So, as quick as he could, he typed, ‘John, I’m sorry. I wasn’t ignoring you. I was a little tied up. – SH’
Even if it did take up time, time they might not always have, or it perhaps was a bit silly to keep checking in with each other to be sure the other was okay or just communicate when they stepped wrong, it was something that he knew – they both knew – had been essential to make this new relationship work, despite everything that should’ve worked against them.
Oh, not that the older Holmes wouldn’t try to be clever and surreptitious about the help he gave and otherwise sourced, of course. He would go for providing the help that he not only thought Sherlock wouldn’t think of himself, which admittedly wasn’t an entirely unfair assumption that there would be, but what his baby brother wouldn’t notice.
Panic and fear welled up in him at that and it was only the knowledge that if he gave into it, then he would risk loosening the grip or otherwise paving the way into his mind for the dragon. Which was not an option. Simply not an option.
It showed that although he had yet to shift back and seemed unable to do so on his own, there was still someone in there, something that connected; though slight, the fact that he’d tried to curl himself around John in a protective manner rather than just lie limply across him showed that rather definitively.
That was…that would be ‘old John’ speaking if you could put it like that. In other words, the suspicious, careful part that didn’t have a whole lot of patience for, never mind faith in Alphas. Not that he was exactly past that; he wasn’t naïve enough to think that it had completely disappeared from his thinking. That would take a lot more work, and dedicated work at that. Along with everything else.
“Sherlock, please. I’m not angry with you and even if I were, I’m not going to leave. I had the opportunity, didn’t I? In fact, I’ve had more than one and I’ve not taken any of them. Look at me, please?”
It seemed to, as John leaned into the contact, and not in a way that could be mistaken as merely him being tired. Not that he wasn’t tired; his eyelids fluttered a little before he widened his eyes quickly and with determination.
He found that his fingers were smoothing over the glass of the dial and the leather of the strap. That was, until he thought of giving it back, by which time they tightened on the accessory, quite instinctively.
At least the mother had made an active decision to help and fight for her daughter when it became apparent that Moriarty wasn’t merely a little off but positively a hall of mirrors and had taken her. That it hadn’t turned out well, especially not for her, was another, more tragic matter.
He could in principal nose at the bond bite again, but he didn’t want to do that at every altercation or argument they had. When the situation called for it, yes, but he didn’t want to run the risk of them, either or both, becoming reliant upon it to solve conflicts between them.
Tessa didn’t back away at that revelation but neither did she leap into his arms, wrapping her own around him in a joyous reunion. Instead, she looked at him, expression flickering fast between emotions, for a long moment.
This…this trip, for lack of a better word, originally to the clinic and subsequently, unplanned for by him, at least, to this store, was the first time he’d been out properly, for any length of time, in public on his own – for a given value of alone, of course, what with the lanky Alpha flitting about – since he’d signed the contract of the harem years prior.
John grimaced. He was wasting time, and it wasn’t Mycroft’s precious meeting minutes he was talking about.
He would’ve said he’d never cared about that and believed himself but honestly, by the mere fact that he’d always been so adamant to defend it, not to mention had almost instinctively bristled at the suggestion that he was ‘less than’…well, that pretty much gave him his answer.
“He’s aware of that,” Sherlock replied. “Otherwise, he would’ve used an entirely different approach to getting under your skin.”
In fact, there were some similarities to when he had been waiting for his letter of acceptance for university or medical school and had finally, finally received the letter, trembling hands almost unable to open it.
John looked closer. Though it was from overt, lying on his back, it was possible to see muscles twitch and bunch at the ‘root’ of the wings, as it were, the movements making it look like aborted attempts at getting comfortable or shaking out of an ache.
“You took this from me. No, don’t speak right now, please. Just let me speak without interruptions. I promise I’ll get to the point, as much as I can. You took it, without permission and added it to your hoard. We’ve been living together for a while now, too. Yes, I know you’re aware of that. What did I just say? My point with that is that it’s the only thing of mine that you’ve taken and kept.”
Somewhat surprisingly, though, it stopped at that and withdrew almost immediately. Then again, he supposed the point had been made by then – the dragon shape was real enough that it could touch him and with something as inimitable as a tongue, as well.
He paused as he looked down at the still prone figure that was as unresponsive as before. When he spoke again, it was with an odd edge to it. “I’m afraid it seems it will not be a cure in itself, as I might have hoped, but if it will make it possible for him to shift, it will have made a significant difference.”
The Irishman’s voice was back to cheerful, although that didn’t help the chill down John’s spine. He knew how fake that cheeriness was now, or at least how temporary and changeable it was. “Sherlock’s very boring. He doesn’t want to play or share.”
As some part of him, though hardly a very conscious part, had calculated, the dots did indeed move from Sherlock to him, though frustratingly not all of them, and of the ones that had moved, not one of them hit the consulting criminal.
No matter what else happened, he couldn’t afford to lose John, as a partner in solving-crime, a friend or a boyfriend. Compared to not having John at all, being husbands was indescribably unimportant.
“John, what do I…I don’t think I understand why you are holding your own watch out instead of just wearing it now that you’ve found it,” he said, although with a few pauses and with a slightly confused tone to it. More than that, though, there was frustration with himself over not understanding. Of needing to ask like this.
Of course, it was hardly going to be fool proof, however much of a surprising fount of information they had tapped into with this particular driver, who seemed pleasantly surprised himself, not to mention entirely enthusiastic, to have someone from outside take an interest in his town.
Which reminded him that although most of the harem owners weren’t the most formidable foes, there was a reason they’d remained undetected for this long, or at least, undisturbed.
All of those children, ripped from their mothers because of circumstances, because of a bad lot in life. Because of others who sought to make a profit off their Omegas and them in turn.
In response to that, separate from the way he was definitely colouring just a little right now, Sherlock kissed the hand again and squeezed it. He got a squeeze in turn.
This might’ve been his chosen path, once upon a time; the stage. Performing for an audience on his violin.
Instead, he stood waiting outside, ostensibly taking in the scenery but more likely, taking in the people around him and possible help.
“Why would I want anything?” Though still seemingly nonchalant, the Alpha stopped leaning against the doorframe, straightening up and folding his arms over his chest as he did so. The eyes, brownish green, had lost some of their humour, too. Actually, they’d lost a lot.
One might have expected it to be a long journey. At least as long as the last if not longer. His Mind Palace was certainly capable of...shifts.
Sherlock might’ve wished for him to have had a more gradual and pleasant awakening but he took the fact that John didn’t look wild-eyed or otherwise spooked or furious, which he’d learned was also a possibility when the former soldier woke up from an unpleasant dream, and that he wasn’t growling, panting or heaving in great gulps of breath, as good signs.
What he had done was look at John intently with those pale eyes that seemed to strip you down to your last molecule and most carefully kept secret.
John would’ve cried out, or at the very least cursed as pain shot through him at that, but he wasn’t allowed much chance before he was grabbed and dragged further underneath the lanky body, which pressed down onto him, pinning him in place. It ought to have been impossible, with John both being heavier and stronger than Sherlock but as he’d experienced earlier, the brunet’s body harboured a strength that belied the skinny appearance, and right now, he was using it to prevent John from moving as he curled further around him.
“Oh, I wasn’t flattering you,” he said. “Not in the slightest. Why would I ever do that? I was sincerely thanking you for what you have done.”
In very little time indeed, therefore, John stood fully dressed, only hampered timewise by needing to adjust a little for the now protruding stomach, and even that wasn’t a lot of time lost.
His inability to speak was now entirely down to the lump in his throat that was only growing larger. Could you call a lump in your throat a happy one? Whether you could or not, it was to him, for what it represented.
He moved in again. Sherlock moved, too, to meet him halfway this time and get his first proper snog. From John. His first kiss and his first snog were both from John. The thought bubbled inside him.
If you need to learn how to cope with a part of yourself that you don't much like and trust even less, then you might need to confront it. When you have a Mind Palace, thing might take a different turn than for most.
“No,” Sherlock conceded. “It’s not.” He noticed with some hope and relief that John still hadn’t removed his hand. Taking a quick, deep breath himself, he reached out in turn to touch John’s cheek, gently, almost hesitantly. The doctor allowed it, even if he didn’t turn to look at Sherlock.
With a speed that clearly indicated he wanted them gone as soon as he could get away with and didn’t want the risk of them returning, he managed to verify John through his ID and a few other pieces of personal information that were apparently essential to do so.
Which was just as well because John found a sudden desire to extract every possible sound of pleasure he could from Sherlock.
He wove their fingers together more properly for a moment, squeezing and feeling John press right back. Then he let go and rose from the bed in one fluid movement.
Sherlock moved forward, swiftly, past ‘John’ whose hand he continued to hold onto, the tether thankfully continuing to strengthen. He was careful not to at any point look towards the dragon’s head as he lunged towards the foot.
little daughter, and that was the point. He cared about her and he hadn’t even met her, just like he cared about his own two little children growing inside John, who he hadn’t met, either.
A large part of Sherlock flared in anger at that. How dare he say such a thing when he’d done everything that he could to prevent John becoming a possession of either Sherlock or Moriarty earlier at the pool? When he’d never as much as tried to make John part of his treasure, to make sure that he couldn’t leave him, because he wanted him to stay of his own free will?
The dragon shape shifted and faded a little but didn’t disappear as the dark-haired man checked his phone, with one finger held up to ask for time. As though John could gallivant out of there with a very heavy chair still tied to him.
To be honest, Sherlock felt as though he might float, his insides as warm as his nose was cold. Warmer. Much, much warmer, in fact.
“Can we…could we…” There was a breath, a deep yet shaky one and it felt as though in that breath, he got himself somewhat together but not in the way John would’ve hoped. Even though he couldn’t pin it down as more than a feeling, he got the impression that a wall had just started to rise up. “Would you still be willing to engage in a romantic relationship with me if there was no sex?”
John gave a small but warm and entirely sincere smile after he’d finished speaking. He watched Mycroft blink then nod, the ghost of smile answering him, but not before he’d cast another glance behind him, at his brother.
But very few of those dragons remained and those that did tended to be the sea serpents of sailor tall tales, the depths of the seas protecting them, the cargo of ships seemingly sufficient for many of them to satiate the ever-present hunger, just enough to survive without succumbing to…well…
He would’ve lifted his head a little, in slight defiance and bravado, if he’d thought it a wise idea with the teeth. He didn’t. Even talking, he could feel the unyielding quality of the teeth, but that he was determined to persist with. Though the inevitability of his own imminent demise was crystallising for him, he was going to say his piece before there was no more him, one way or the other.
“Oh, as though you don’t know. Of course you do, otherwise you wouldn’t ask in that way. But then, does it matter whether it’s a possibility or not, current or past, when you so clearly don’t need them? When you in fact have no need of anything or anyone? Including me.”
“Oh, yeah? You could’ve fooled me.” Despite his words, his felt the anger drain and become a bone-deep weariness with just a smidgeon of loathing, though that wasn’t directed entirely at his flatmate. “Just…go away. Please? You’ve done enough today, and if you say you don’t know what or even anything at all, possibly, I’m not sure what my reaction’s going to be, but it won’t be pleasant. So…just go away.”
“But…it’s been years since they…they took her, and he wasn’t there at the time. I would know if he were. It doesn’t make any sense why there would be anything linking her…”
It was all fine. Even the prospect of going to Christmas Dinner didn’t bother him. At the moment, he felt that nothing could and might never again.
That felt more like something out of a novel or a song, to call childless people, alone or as pairs, bonded or not, the ‘lonely’ people. As though you needed children in order not to be lonely or to be happy.
“I’m so very sorry, John, for all that you have had to endure. I don’t want to hurt you further than I already have, but I don’t want to lose you, either.” He felt like he’d said that already, but he wasn’t sure, and in any case, it bore repeating.
“I’ll keep an eye on it,” he whispered, as earnestly and quickly as he could. “Or both, and the rest of my senses, too. Everything I can spare. There are no other symptoms right now, not as far as I can tell, and it hasn’t flipped again. I don’t think it’s the scent bond nor that something’s coming loose.”
Not that they shared a definition of what constituted a hoard in the first place, of course. He could almost hear his sire mutter something along the lines of ‘utterly absurd suggestion, there must’ve been something the matter with your egg for you to develop thoughts like that’, complete with huffing, though that was meant to disguise – and he was going off-topic again. Further off-topic, that was.
There was supposed to be singing in there, too, as they were playing a song, but they hadn’t discussed it, and though Sherlock had looked the song up online and had heard the lyrics, he didn’t feel brave enough to broach it and certainly not to try and sing it.
He looked back at Sherlock. “That’s not really the point that worries me, not after I’ve had a chance to think on it. Not just because of the alternative, either, by the way. I want to be yours, still, even if that’s a bit more…permanent than I had initially thought.”
That said, he was grateful for that biology in some respects, and in particular here, where he could easily recall the scent his little girl had given off after she had been born. Even beneath all the other scents and stinks assaulting his nose at the time, he could scent her the moment she was out, wailing for all the world to hear.
He didn’t say as much but the minute pause in his speech and the biting of the inside of his lip as he paused told their own story. Especially when taken in conjunction with the length of time his wife had apparently stood chatting with them, quite amiably.
As far as he knew, though, John had no one now, apart from the people he’d cared for in the harem. He certainly hadn’t mentioned anyone but that wasn’t much of a clue in itself, unfortunately. It wasn’t as though he was exactly overflowing with information about himself, especially not when it came to his life before the harem. Anecdotes and such, yes, but none of those gave any indication that he would still be in contact with any of the people he mentioned.
Whatever his doctor thought, however, Sherlock almost always had a good, and accurate, estimation of where he was. Not that he let on that that was the case, of course, or John would’ve gotten quite mad at him. Probably would’ve accused him of using Mycroft to help spy on him where he went.
But what were Sherlock’s intentions? Not to claim him, according to his own statement, but that could mean, if he followed the line of thought, not that he didn’t want to claim him at all but merely not as a dragon traditionally would. Instead, it could be…
Risk – oh. Had he done that, too? Well, it was within the array of tactics dragons employed when they wanted to claim a sentient being as their treasure, he knew that, and a not uncommon one, either, so it wasn’t strange to assume that he had used it, too. Despite that knowledge, the fact that he had, that was what startled and unsettled him.
Turns out I'd cut it wrong on the last chapter (I've written somewhat more than what I've had posted and so I forgot where I meant to cut it). I'm sorry to anyone who might've expected something more juicy. I can write the scene if you all really want it, though.
Which was a little on the long side, granted, but if he was going out to locate something as esoteric as a cure for an ailment that only mythical winged lizards could suffer from, it wasn’t unreasonable to expect it to take some time. Mostly because, judging by the light, rush hour traffic had set in long before.
There was another pause for thought. They then walked over to another section of the shop and reached out.
Which possibly didn’t matter from a pure monetary perspective, but though John had a lot to learn about his bond mate still and undoubtedly would for years to come, he felt pretty confident in saying that wasn’t why Sherlock did it.
Even more fire was added when the eventual verbal response he got was, “No…I expect you to either die or wish you had. Well, if you still had the free will to wish for anything at that point, of course.”
Feeling his heart sink a little despite himself because of the implications of that, John nevertheless moved into the room, curious to see what it could possibly be.
I meant to have this up last week but I couldn't and I'm sorry. I truly am. I did try, seriously tried, and...
That pretty effectively shot an arrow through the idea that John might’ve picked Sherlock for a reason to do this with, other than he was proficient with the violin. Why else would he have some other social engagement planned right afterwards? Why would he need to be back by the time the bell rang if not because other things had a greater priority?
John sighed. “Sherlock, while I appreciate you thinking of my safety, because I do, I really do, this isn’t that much of a priority.”
Just look at his uselessly colourful metaphors positively overflowing for a clue as to how utterly ridiculous and bad it had got. There he went again!
“I think that if it rubs off at all, and I’m not dismissing that it does, then it’s a two-way street,” Sherlock replied. “It would make sense that my agitation earlier affected you enough to wake you.”
The brunet told himself it didn’t matter. That it was fine. All fine. He could perform his part of the song, he knew it by heart at this point, at the concert. Perhaps he could even improvise the lyrical portion that was intended purely for guitar, originally – hell, he’d heard it often enough by now, and it wouldn’t be the first time he’d played by ear and memory rather than practice and notes – and get himself out of trouble that way. Mr. Duffy wouldn’t make it Sherlock’s fault that John didn’t show.
Especially not when it didn’t seem to abate as Sherlock took a step back from where John was still sitting on the windowsill.
The staff member didn’t seem to notice, though. Just pursed their lips very slightly in contemplation.
What happened after that, the man was even more skittish about than the first part, to say the least.
“You’ve risked it on a, probably worryingly, regular basis in the time we’ve known each other, when I haven’t done it myself. It’s not as though I’ve minded in that time, is it?”
I'm at the point where I don't even care that it's probably too long or it might be overly sweet or whatever else mistake I've made. It's done and it's before Christmas so I feel like it's a win. For me, at any rate.
However, the coat had presented a problem in that while he could get to at least most of the ones that needed treating, there hadn’t been any way for him to put plasters or other types of dressing on them. The most he’d been able to do was clean them as much as possible with the saline solution he always kept a stash of both in the kitchen and in the bathroom.
He nodded towards the front window of the car, where the shape of London City Airport was finally somewhat visible in the mess of other buildings.
Speaking of family, it was the one topic that they never discussed. They actually managed, between everything else and rather inadvertently so, to touch on some not-so-light topics but whenever they veered even remotely close to family, they’d always both steer sharply in another direction.
Had someone been and picked it up when – but when should that have been? He had been with Sherlock almost the entire time they’d been back and when he hadn’t, the younger Holmes had been…occupied, to say the least.
The implications of the fact that he didn’t have to move far to dig out the watch he didn’t examine.
Even now, though, he thought she showed clear signs that she was, if not a sweet child then at least a rather well-behaved one.
There was still time to sort it out. He would put it aside for the moment and give it all some time to simmer and mature in his head while he did something else.
“That it’s just as horrible and unfair that you should have to sacrifice yourself in order for me not to have to.”
Satisfied that it’d be able to bear his weight at least for long enough that he could drop down and hopefully not sprain something, as would just figure with everything else that had happened, he started to pull himself out – only to be grabbed by the ankle when he was almost all the way out.
least, given that he’d fought with Sherlock for some time and though both had emerged in one piece, the doctor had an inkling that that had more to do with their apparent ability to withstand injury and, when they were hit, to heal faster than any human than anything else.
The harem wasn’t somewhere you could leave. Not on your own accord and in reality, once you were in, the only way you got out was death or being assigned a more private cage. They had grown close in ways that didn’t happen in the military. A life-and-death situation in a warzone breeds a different environment than a building housing a group of people physically and mentally used and, more often than not, abused and clinging onto each other to make it through somehow, even though it wasn’t going to end.
There were only a very few things of the calibre that he would think it necessary to involve John in, and the former soldier couldn’t help the tightening of his chest at the thought. But he would remain calm and deal with whatever he was dealt.
John had conceded the point but had then pointed out that that still didn’t solve the issue of him having no card and therefore no way of making purchases on his own, whether there was £10 or £10,000 in the account.
“I wouldn’t have thought you’d need assistance,” John said. He didn’t look into the bag, not just yet. “You did pretty well on the things for the little ones, after all.”
Sherlock didn’t make any comments along the lines of ‘oh, is that what it is?’ or even a noise of surprise or understanding. He merely nodded and helped John get upright. Truth be told, they rather helped each other but that wasn’t a bad thing, was it?
What did matter was…well, apart from having the relief of both her and he himself being alive, it was figuring out where they were and what had happened.
“I don’t think it had reached my conscious mind by then but…you’ve always been adamant you weren’t gay.”
Out across the city, the chimes of midnight echoed, with a quiet loudness that, up this high, was in fact still audible and, more than that, it was able to cut through the background noise of the street and all the people in the city, living their lives.
That meant Sherlock had to be able to, too. He was supposed to be the one who was always in control, after all, wasn’t he?
Sherlock knelt immediately and watched the Omega turn back to the frightened man and explain, in a low, soothing voice that it was okay. That Sherlock worked with the police, he was a detective as well as an Alpha, so if the man could please explain to him what he had explained to John, it would be immensely helpful.
“Sherlock, excuse me for asking, but what is this three steps forward, two steps back, then a jump to the left all about?”
Make sure that the country didn’t collapse, really, though you wouldn’t get him to say that out loud, of course. An eminence gris wasn’t much good when he was out in the open, after all.
“I wouldn’t have thought there’s that much to understand,” John said, interrupting his thoughts. He had a small, wistful smile on his lips. “But trust you to make it complicated.” It didn’t sound accusatory, however.
It wasn’t really his thing, as it was too slow and yet folksy, somehow, with the guitar. Then again, it wasn’t as though he had a favourite genre of music, unless you counted classical violin pieces, and he didn’t.
A moment later, though, another text ticked in and elaborated on what the first text had outlined; an ultrasound image showing what looked like two misshapen jelly babies. Which wasn’t far wrong, apart from the jelly aspect.
Not before John’s soldiering instincts would kick in, in any case, and likely, if Sherlock were to hazard an estimation, would get his arm twisted around and up the length of his back while the other was pulled across the small of his back, rendering him harmless with the minimal amount of effort in a very short time.
Besides, it wasn’t as though there was a time limit on when you had to get married after the proposal had been made and accepted, was it? If John was amenable but needed a bit more time, then that was perfectly possible to do.
“I know. I know you wouldn’t, and I’m sorry. It was inappropriate and I didn’t think. I should have. I know I should, and I don’t know where it came from.”
“Oh, and you know that, do you? Like you know that he won’t give the order while he’s away or pop right back in to do so?”
No. It needed him regardless of Sherlock himself. Needed either and both of them for their own reasons, even though it would deny both.
“Which is relevant because I simply wanted to remind John that he isn’t doing this, that we aren’t helping him do this, because he feels he has a right to her, as though she was a piece of jewellery passed to the wrong sibling in an inheritance case.”
It seemed that his fears were proven right when, on the morning of the Monday that would’ve been, should’ve been their last rehearsal before the concert itself, he got a text from John.
Wouldn’t that have lessened the impact of what he’d done? It would definitely have compromised if not outright ruined the plan and that wouldn’t do.
As he spoke, however, he realised that however much he wanted to, they couldn’t right now. Not unless Sherlock had actually secreted some condoms and some lube somewhere in this room and that seemed somehow quite the unlikely possibility.
Sherlock didn’t answer which was answer enough. John didn’t know what to say, his mouth dry and his tongue a leaden weight.
“Like – oh. You mean…Sherlock, you’ve heard me say stuff like that before.” He felt sure that he must have, at one point or another, but now that he thought about it, he couldn’t remember when and where.
He had wanted to bridle at the comment that he’d tampered with it by cleaning it when it had been mentioned, possibly just to rile him up, which he wouldn’t put past the elder Holmes brother. That said, he could see now that though tampering was the wrong word entirely, as he had tried to assess it
I know he ought to have reacted differently. But I felt this made a lot of sense for a much younger, more insecure and vulnerable Sherlock. So...
Another mouth twist which was accompanied by a sigh. “Must you always stoop to such petty insults? Unimaginative ones, too. Good evening, Doctor Watson, and welcome home.”
Alone was not what he had. That wasn’t even a question or a possibility, that was a fact. John wasn’t going anywhere, provided…but it wouldn’t be of his own free will. Which was part of the problem, but the point right now was how the doctor had turned that deeply ingrained belief on its head, not in one go but slowly and steadily, much like his typing.
Another surge of affection flowed through Sherlock at that and gave him a small hope that maybe he wouldn’t lose his friend after all. The subsequent thought that he might still, if Moriarty managed to lay his claim on John, he pushed aside, at least for the moment.
His chest felt funny again as he stared at the other teen, trying to right himself in a world that had just gone slightly topsy-turvy, for some reason.
“No. I – he did place it in my hand a bit later and I didn’t resist, I suppose, but I didn’t take it back when he offered.”
That wasn’t what he’d focused on, in any case. His mind had just plucked that one out to have something to refute on a sort of autopilot. What he’d actually focused on was…well, the rest of it.
Together. The two of them. Tied together, by more than just something as banal as a piece of paper. By intent and commitment. By honesty and sincerity.
“I want you to be part of my life, John, and to know that…that I am committed to this. To our relationship. I’m not going to get bored or reconsider this whole relationship thing, not now nor later. That I can take the initiative, too, rather than…”
Anger started to rise inside the doctor again, but he grabbed it by its neck and forced it into a position where it was under his control. Anger would not solve this but something else might.
Then his eyes narrowed a little and a suspicious look that he evidently thought was being clever came his face. It was not pretty. Come to that, why wasn’t he writing this down? Either of them, why weren’t they writing anything down? Didn’t they need that for their investigation? Come to think of it, he hadn’t seen any kind of badge. They were supposed to have badges and present them.
Sherlock hadn’t noticed as he’d plunged through his thoughts, but they’d made it into the kitchen, and he’d sat down. Or rather, probably
He then went to grab the bottom edge of the coat, bringing it up into the doctor’s at present limited reach while at the same time stretching it out so that it might be easier to cut.
Protecting himself in a dangerous situation or even being in a dangerous situation in order to get himself out of it and the whole messy business that surrounded it was one thing. Running headlong into a potential one on the basis of nothing more than a hint when he knew full well the risk the person in question posed, and not merely because of his association, that was downright idiotic, if that wasn’t putting it mildly.
in a relationship, John would still bridle at the idea that he was the brunet’s possession. That suggested a very unhealthy relationship dynamic that he had no wish to be part of.
To be honest, even though he had technically seen far worse things in his life, Sherlock knew that it was something that would be burned into his own, unable to be scrubbed away or otherwise deleted.
Every single one of them was etched into his mind, regardless of how irrelevant or insignificant they were, and none of them he’d been able to delete. He had tried. Oh, had he ever bloody well tried, just to have some more room.
That was a big and honest problem, there was no denying that, but the bigger issue was that the small amount of scent could be drowned out or changed, even subtly, by their handling of it.
He knew he’d said it before, or something to that effect, and normally he hated repeating himself. This right here, though, felt important to repeat, and in any case, if it got John to look at him like that, it was more than worth it, quite apart from the fact that it was completely true.
"I’m missing my welcome home, kiss, by the way,” the blond said. His attempt to lighten the mood was anything but subtle but as the Alpha flashed him a small but obviously grateful smile, he was more than happy with it.
He started to stand up, folding his legs underneath him. The grip on his hand changed accordingly and he used it to help himself up. Not that he needed it but that wasn’t really the point.
John stared at him, a deepening frown on his brow as it seemed the memory came back to him, too. Then he swallowed, his jaw working for a moment.
But while discussing it, John thought of a possible way around the more practical issue. They’d gone down to the nearest cash point and had withdrawn the £200 that they’d earlier transferred from John’s account into Sherlock’s.
That they stayed caught in the eyes didn’t diminish their effect in the slightest, however. Effect made it seem calculated, though, so perhaps the better word was impact, their meaning.
This new line of thought as to what might be an at least not insignificant part of what was afflicting Sherlock brought another thought along with it; why had the attempt at claiming not worked?
Once John returned from having led the Beta to his bed, where he’d had another, perfectly understandable bout of sobbing, he stopped, closed his eyes and blew out a deep and heartfelt breath slowly and carefully.
The whole stance said, ‘I’ve dealt with bigger and better bullies than you and come out on top, so bring it if you want to’.
In reality, it was not far, not far at all since he knew exactly where his feelings about John resided. It might be that he had ignored if not outright denied them ever since that particular part of his mind had started to flourish but…well, in order to do a proper job of ignoring something, you had to first know exactly where the thing you were meant to ignore and avoid were, didn’t you?
Of course, it was an issue as well that it was December or at least a challenge that needed to be acknowledged and worked around, not to mention bullied through if necessary. It meant that shops were laden with people, shop assistants were harassed, overworked and stressed out, and stock was either un-stock or taken over by the Christmas variety in the tradition of the Norman nobility.
“Of course, I’m thinking about you being a bleeding dragon!” John burst out. “That’s like saying ‘Don’t think about the elephant’!”
The explanation seemed to come with another snarl and an answering roar from a throat that wasn’t his friend’s.
He’d said his name, twice now, with no addition of possessive proclamation or a switch back to the wholly triumphant, possessive expression that had been on his face previously.
That the caring consideration was at the forefront despite the swirl of other emotions there meant a lot to John.
It really had become his go-to for dealing with stressful situations, hadn’t it? Well, there were worse ways of dealing with things, as he knew only too well.
His mind failed him, so he instead tried to smile back. It came easier than he would’ve thought and turned into a toothy one without his say so. But since that made John’s smile widen in turn, he wasn’t about to complain.
Just because John had started didn’t mean that Sherlock couldn’t initiate this, ask for this step forward in their relationship – or that it was in any shape or form out of character for him to do so. He was allowed to learn, surely? Allowed to change and, for crying out loud,
Talking it through with John on more than one of those occasions had…assisted in keeping a bit of a lid on the fear, too.
John swallowed the ‘but why’ that was on the tip of his tongue, because he knew why, if he stopped to think about it for a moment. At least, he knew the likely answer to ‘why’.
“We’re not! My point was that it didn’t need to be another discussion because it won’t go AWOL. Or at least, I will not touch it!”
His fists clenched as he thought that, the knowledge that the inner voice was right adding a sick feeling to the anger. Unfortunately, pure stubbornness continued to propel his footsteps, though they slowed and shortened as he moved.
There had been some damage, according to the doctors, through the scent bond deterioration, but some of it had been restored when they had ‘properly’ bonded.
“Quite so,” Mycroft replied. I need to have him examined and healed before I can think of any other course of action.”
“Oh, as if I’d lay a claim on your little pet,” came a voice from behind the doctor. “Not without an audience, at least.”
He tried to speed up, grateful that though there’d been many snipers dotted around, not all their bullets had managed to penetrate even that little bit, and he was almost at the end.
The reptilian eyes didn’t blink but they widened. The teeth pulled away just slightly, no longer touching his skin, as the head tilted back upright to look him more directly in the eye.
Sherlock looked over at his bond mate again, now that the need for doctoring was over, in case the inscrutable soldier mask was about to slip back on.
It didn’t matter now. There was no going back and there was barely any going forward. Forward he must go, though, hoping that he could attract no attention. No attention, that was, until he was right where he wanted to be, and not just for Moriarty’s sake.
Sherlock turned back to the various shrubs and flowers, starting the spray again. “You’ve seen Bellamy’s pit, I do not trust anyone to keep her garden alive and properly cared for.”
“I’ll be fine Sherlock, no one’s ever died of waiting. I’m enjoying this, have enjoyed the evening, happy to just be allowed this level of closeness.” John interrupted, genuinely trying to convey just how okay he was with letting Sherlock have his space. A tiny part of him wished he shared a bond with Sherlock like he did with Hyperion so he could tell what was going through Sherlock’s mind. John had waited this long, he could wait a little longer. Technically it was only their first date, he didn’t need to tumble into Sherlock’s bed immediately, it was all just fine.
This box held a couple of different things, all of which smelled heavenly. The largest one carried a helping of steak pie along with some peas, carrots and mashed potatoes on the side; when John popped it open he found the rich brown gravy from the pie had seeped over into the rest of the container creating a sort of impromptu steak-y stew with a bit of pie crust on one side. John wouldn’t scoff, it tasted delicious compared to the fried greasy slop he’d been subsisting off of for the past months. A smaller container held a couple of yorkshire puddings, which John promptly added to the gravy mess to soak. The last one held dessert, a hunk of apple pie with rapidly melting custard. John didn’t care if it was apple pie soup by the time he reached it; he was certain it would be wonderful.
“It’s too fragile to fly with me and you can’t fly either. As inconvenient as it is, a car is our only option,” he said, still looking at his phone, dialing another number. “Molly, I’m going to need you ready to care for a premature hatchling; find someone ready to bond. I’ll be there in an hour or two,” another hang up and he pocketed the phone.
The moment John stepped out of the office with his shift hours and uniform he was met by a rather intimidating looking posh toff with an umbrella who promptly proceeded to pull him away into the depths of the aquarium.
“Excuse me?” John sputtered, eyebrows raising as he glanced at the sheets in his arms and back at the detective still unfolding a bed for himself. Sherlock looked up quickly at John’s scandalized tone.
It was much brighter in the room; the curtains previously drawn around his bed had been pulled back so now he could see the rest of the ward. It was just John and a couple other patients in at the moment, the others bandaged six ways to Sunday, with limbs in casts, covered in wires and monitoring equipment similar to what was strewn across his chest. He gave the nurse a small smile and she hit the button to raise the head of the bed and help him sit up.
going to rescue Sherlock from that psycho, and if it comes down to morning time I will either die protecting Sherlock or you can try tossing us into the sea.” John cut Mycroft’s excuse off, he was going after Sherlock and that was that, if anything to tell the man he loved him at least once, before he was killed and possibly stuffed into tins.
Sherlock looked at his face, then down at the Omega’s stomach and then out at the horizon before coming back to him.
It was only logical. Of course, John would have somewhere else to be after the time allotted to the meeting. Why wouldn’t he? His schedule was probably rather packed, easy-going, friendly person like him.
“Should I find the doctor?” he asked as soon as he got close, keeping his voice low but not so low that Ruby couldn’t hear him. Her eyes stayed on the Alpha, but she didn’t seem afraid.
The moment they were touching, Sherlock wrapped his arms around the shorter body. It might be considered clingy or even possessive, especially since he also shifted a leg over one of John’s, but it didn’t feel like that, and the doctor would consider that he had some experience to back that up by now.
He thought he heard the breathing get progressively faster and shallower. Not a quick progression but close enough and there were no words. Not to mention, it was quite gratifying to know that just the act of voicing it out loud like that could affect Sherlock like that.
He leaned over for a kiss on the lips, which Sherlock was happy to give. Quite unintentionally, it became long and lingering even if it remained entirely chaste and sweet.
He’d been over that, of course, several times, but verbally and just examined in his Mind Palace, and he knew that it was fear talking. Most of the time, he knew it, at least, and the rest, he let it gnaw but otherwise tried not to be affected by it.
Perhaps the adoptive parents could point them in the right direction if he explained the situation to them. His French wasn’t great at the best of times, even though a few of the Omegas that had stayed at the harem had been brought on while they’d been in France. But he should be able to make himself understood and not rely on either Holmes brother, who could speak French without any issue. Obviously.
“You’re naked, I’m naked,” John grinned as he watched the dragon thinking about it, contemplating his own constant animal nudity versus John’s temporary human nakedness and came to a final conclusion of ‘yes, I don’t mind.’ The flittering images skipping across John’s mind were of himself stripping compared with another picture of Hyperion’s full harness being removed, bits of gear shaking away, and a sudden rush of watery coolness replacing the leather straps.
“Oh, you heard about that already?” John replied ,feeling his face heat a little. He honestly hadn’t expected that encounter to travel so fast.
“Surprisingly often,” Sherlock said. The bit of John that had become exceedingly bruised from being stomped down over the past months swelled and let out a happy burst somewhere near his heart upon hearing that. Sherlock wanted him, Sherlock had wanted him for some time and John could have acted on that part’s wishes but hadn’t. The spark of joy was tempered by that realization, their relationship could have grown into something else, something more, so much earlier.
“Yes, but that’s Bellamy, what are you doing over here in the wee hours of the morning?” John knew that Sherlock’s statement wasn’t entirely true just from talking to Mary, who divulged all sorts of little tidbits speaking her mind about the riders she’d been assigned to as she rambled on at John. She had mentioned helping him with his ‘gardening’ during her assignment in the form of dragging away smaller branches Sherlock had trimmed and moving planters around.
“How would I know? You’ve been silent as the grave for the last week and half, holed up in your room!” John said it a little louder than he meant to. He realized he was towering over Sherlock, the tall rider curled up tight on the sofa, staring up at John with those blue eyes. John backed away to sit in one of the chairs at the desk.
“Sholto can’t really say much. He mostly does those appearances as a formality, gotta show the public that we are actively doing something in the war efforts and not just holed up behind our walls over here,” Lestrade replied.
In the water, John’s vision wasn’t as clear as when he was a fish but definitely clearer than when he had been ‘completely human.’ He saw Sherlock’s naked arse diving away from him, legs kicking with long slightly webbed toes fanned, gills open along his neck, flaccid cock bobbing in the water when he stopped to sit at the top of the Easter Island head with his legs crisscrossed. John shook his head and began to swim himself. The first breaths with the gills underwater were as strange as above it, if anything a little more disturbing, but he wasn’t yet a fish so he was fine with the bit of oddness. The both of them swam around amongst the other fish for a bit, Sherlock swimming circles around John with his long swimmerly legs and arms.
Sherlock stared up at him from his now prone position on the floor, his previously relaxed face scrunched in distaste. “No, he does not -- and I’d pay you to drop the matter.” he said.
“Okay, you’re doing well, can you hold still like this for me? You are fine, everything is good. No one is going to hurt you, just lie still and relax for a bit,” John told him, stroking along Hyperion’s snout as one yellow eye followed him. Hyperion nodded for him, a miniscule wave of anxiety pushing over the calm John projected for him.
By the time he came out Bellamy was already in the water, Sherlock nowhere to be found. Hyperion sat near the water's edge looking longingly at it. The moment John came out Hyperion’s head turned and John felt Hyperion urging him on through the bond, like a child pulling a parent eagerly towards something they wanted. John smiled and walked to him, no reason to keep his dragon from his bath any longer. A small handful of workers were already around Hyperion, checking him over.
The door led to the steps up to the main command center, the true three sixty view, tall glass panes on all sides, only a column of spiral stairs in the center caused any sort of break in the line of sight to the field below. And of course, Sherlock was making his way towards those, too. The few people in the room barely acknowledged their presence there, one looked up from his screen long enough to wave at them before going back to his console and headset.
Before John could reach for his phone to kill the alarm Hyperion’s paw raked him off the mat, blankets and all. John thumped down into the sand with a small cry, alarm still squealing away as he tried to wrestle both himself and the mobile out of the blankets.
The pair rolled along the sand together, wings flinging great swaths of sand into the air. The remaining rider slipped her thin sword between the black’s tough scales, leaving open slices for her dragon to rend open further. She nimbly moved along her harness to avoid being crushed in the skirmish or wounded by massive flailing claws. All the while John could only watch in horror as the huge beasts moved closer to where he was ducked. But move he did; John was forced to fling himself away from his cover as the riderless black was hurled down by the red and skidded across the sand in his direction.
Now he was off. “Where’s the fun in that?” Sherlock said, and all John could do is huff at that offering him a pointed ‘not good’ look. John did follow him though, giving Bellamy a goodbye pat on the nose, it wasn’t until they were out in the hall walking to wherever it was Sherlock had decided to go that John had a thought about the case,
Jim clearly saw John, standing there frozen like a deer in the headlights, those dark eyes went right to him and locked with John’s for an awkward age. The fact that John was there at all did nothing to deter Jim from his fun, if anything John saw a smile form on his face as he continued to ride Moran’s shoulders. Jim only broke the mildly disturbing eye contact to close his eyes and let out another low moan.
“Hi John,” she replied with a smile. “I’m going to be assigned to Hyperion soon,” she said, her smile broadening.
Finished, John curled up and napped a little longer, until the sun rose high enough that the white canvas ceiling glowed and lit the room. Hyperion woke just as lazily as his rider. John watched as the large eyelids scrunched closed against the light briefly before they slitted open to reveal golden eyes hazed by sleep. The bond bloomed awake with joy to see John still there, and John realized he’d never watched Hyperion wake up before. A wide stupid grin plastered itself across his face.
“How about it? Do you think you can stand up for us?” John asked. Hyperion barely shook his head, a dull feeling of defeat and ‘no, I don’t think so’ slogging its way across John’s mind. “I think he’d agree with you on that opinion Greg,” John told Lestrade still rubbing the big creature’s nose comfortingly. Lestrade came back around to Hyperion’s head and patted his cheek.
“Jesus,” John murmured. That did sound bad. “Well, I’ve already bought gifts for you, Mrs Hudson, Mary, Molly, Mike, and Greg. Even if you don’t participate you’ll still get something. It’s my first Christmas at home! The least we can do is have a nice one with gifts, dinner, and friends.”
John was immensely thankful that Bellamy’s descent was a slow one, none of the radical dives she’s performed the first couple of times she’d carried him. She gradually glided downward in a wide spiral, keeping to the area over Hyperion as she went. A screaming scared bit of John’s mind wished for the fast dive just to get it over with and get back on the ground, warring other thoughts added in why that was a bad idea, including the mental image of the ground rushing up and them crushing into it. And so he just sat there in the saddle, a hand still clutching Sherlock’s while his heart tried to thrum its way out of his chest and Hyperion tried to press the blankets of calmness back onto John through the bond. Even Hyperion seemed sad to have the experience cut short. Even though he was projecting calm it was tinged with mild upset, which made John feel actually a bit guilty to leave the sky. And wasn’t that a thought, that he might want to stay up there at all? Just a few hours before he’d been swearing at Sherlock over it, even less time he’d been having a minor meltdown just sitting in the saddle and now he was actually tempted to stay up just to make Hyperion happy.
John looked back up at Sherlock, “you’re not going to make me fly back?” he said, looking back at Bellamy who was finding a comfortable spot out of the way to lie down and curl into a tight silver ball.
“Lovely,” John said out loud, his voice breaking the silence of the room around them even though it was only a quiet, affection laden murmur. He spread his hands out across Sherlock’s surface kneading fingers into Sherlock’s mass and gathering him up in his arms as much as possible.
John would take that! He needed the job. Invalided home, living in London on an army pension, he needed the work, needed the money, and if that meant night shift at the bloody London Aquarium he’d jump aboard that ship. Besides what was the worst that could happen at night in an aquarium? Oh, the octopus escaped again? Nemo’s been lost? Psh, lots of walking and sitting watching loads of fish and the odd sometimes not-fish things calmly swim about.
“It’s a nocturnal coastal species. They start out light like this, live along the beaches and rocks along the southern coast, darken as they age and either stick to the coast or migrate inwards toward Dartmoor. Named for their eyes; no matter what the color the eyes are always white.” The body, now that John looked, was a mottled beige, like granite with black flecking all over. Sherlock started wrapping the blanket snugly around the hatchling’s body, tucking its wings and feet back in close like they had been in the egg. He wrapped as much of it as he could, leaving just its head and the end of its tail free. All the while Bellamy hovered nearby, keeping all three of them good and warm with her breath.
“I need the work!” Sherlock yelled back, baritone rising for a moment. “Without it my brain rots. Being some wealthy imbecile’s carrier pigeon does nothing for the boredom. I need the game, the puzzle, I need the cases!”
“No.” He’d caught his bullet, he didn’t want it again. John glared up at the man who still looked so composed and collected, his voice still just as serene as when the conversation had started. “You can keep whatever
“I was told he recieved the original lacerations in battle and then when he landed at the Aerie he skidded on that shoulder, creating a road rash on top of them.” She pulled out another container and was spreading the gel contents of it across the raw skin. Hyperion hissed at the contact but otherwise remained still, his only motion being to push into John more, seeking comfort.
As John hobbled back Hyperion slowly rolled over onto his side, resuming his comfortable position, only this time with his back to the wall. With a full meal of food John could see a slight pudge to Hyperion’s belly he hadn’t had before. Setting his things down, he climbed up and put his hand to the soft white scales of Hyperion’s underbelly. Hyperion let out a small groan as John rubbed, gratitude and happiness sparking along the back of his mind. A small smile spread across John’s face.
They slowly made their way back to the courtyard and the jeep they’d arrived in. John said his slightly shaky goodbyes to Omar and with an ever-growing feeling like he was abandoning Hyperion, got into the jeep and was driven back to the hospital as the sun sank below the horizon.
“Ugh.” John pushed him off at that, trying helplessly to wipe the spit off. Sherlock rolled willingly over, John’s softened cock finally slipping free.
“I see no reason not to, it adds a nice little bit of extra light to an Italian dinner,” Sherlock replied digging their plastic utensil sets out of their bag and handing one over to John.
“The box I got in the post, it was from my sister Harry, short for Harriet. The rest was right though,” John nearly regretted correcting him as Sherlock put his hands to his eyes and leaned back in his chair, rubbing his palms into them.
“Just want you, John,” Sherlock sobbed, balancing on the thin line between the pool of a blissful orgasm and a pit of completely overwhelmed discomfort. John saw the trapeze act and decided to finally take pity on his mate, giving him a gentle mental shove in the right direction towards that pool. He gathered Sherlock in his arms as best he could, giving him a good solid hug while flooding his mind with love and lust and every good feeling John could muster.
Bellamy nearly bowled into the door when Sherlock entered, she seemed just as antsy to get up and move as her rider. Sherlock had about enough time to hit the interior switch that would open the larger doors for her before she scooped him up onto her nose and lifted Sherlock clear into the air. John watched Sherlock settle, straddling her slender nose and rub the space between her eyes. Bellamy sat back on her haunches and put her talons into a bowl underneath Sherlock, prepared to catch him should he fall, even though John was sure that was unlikely to happen.
Sherlock reluctantly sipped on the water, still shivering slightly, he set it down and started to get up on his own, and John was there as he realized just how weak kneed he was. John slung the dressing gown over Sherlock’s shoulders once he was out of the tub, Sherlock bundling it around himself without tying it.
John smiled, a smile which became a beam before he reached the cupid bow lips for a kiss. It turned French but it wasn’t about passion. Just about connection and joy and relief and togetherness. It was just about them.
That was hardly the point, though, was it? Even if he’d written the ruddy book on it, he was out of order, no matter how much the little shit had annoyed him. He could’ve explained it far…no, not necessarily better, as such, but certainly kindlier, and with the same impact. Hell, he’d done that when it came to his charges, hadn’t he?
No, actually, it probably was, the wounds having only lightly been scabbed over, if even that, and there was quite the risk of infection. But he would have to deal with it later, regardless.
“Why would I have done anything with your watch?” The twat didn’t even bother looking up from whatever he was pulling apart or liquifying or whichever.
Perhaps – no. To invite the high in and let it shut out and push away the rest of the clamour might seem to be a good idea but the risk that he wouldn’t be able to shirk it when he reached the exit was too great a one to take, and he was not bringing it with him. Not for anything would he allow that.
“Merely because it is. But I am not dismissing your feelings, nor do I think you should stay here indefinitely or until I have time to go with you. You’re an autonomous human being, whatever people’s hang-ups about Omegas happen to be. That doesn’t mean I don’t care that you go out or won’t worry.”
Ridiculous or not, though, he wasn’t going to define himself that way. Nor did he believe he had, though he might of course be wrong on that score. It wasn’t as though he hadn’t been before, was it? Regardless, he wouldn’t be doing it going forward.
A snog, more accurately, and one which honestly made him want to pull John into his lap, location and time of day be damned. It wasn’t as though it’d be their first time…
The reason he stopped was external; his eye had been caught by something in a shop window and his heart had in response done a complicated move that was somewhere between a thudding drop and a pirouette gone wrong.
He’d retreated to the place that had been exclusively his, and he knew that because he’d checked for signs of others regularly without finding any, since he’d started at the school. Two cigarette butts, still warm from where he’d practically sucked them down, lay crushed beside his feet on the rooftop.
In fact, he was grateful to Sherlock not to out him to his, their, landlady, giving him the opportunity to establish himself away from the identity of ‘keeper’. Not that he was ashamed of his past – he had a lot of feelings towards his past, especially the time in the harem, but he wasn’t going to be ashamed of it, not if he could help it – but he had enough on his plate without being judged for said past right out of the starting gate.
That even if they weren’t scent bonded, if that had never existed and they’d met in a more…normal way, the only one he’d ever been interested in was John.
He heard a small intake of breath behind him and felt his hand being squeezed, and not in a reassuring or loving way. It seemed quite unintentional.
To have Sherlock say that, openly and frankly like it was an indisputable fact, was as jarring as the horrified look had been, possibly even more so.
They didn’t know what to expect and it might go wrong, of course, but there was nothing to suggest they couldn’t make it right. That they wouldn’t make every effort to get it right and correct after it had gone awry.
John had been the one to put himself out there, in jeopardy. At risk of being rejected and have what they had come crashing down around him if the consulting detective said no or otherwise rejected him. Not Sherlock, for all that he’d been in an emotional turmoil about it.
Part of John couldn’t help noticing that he was now in bed with Sherlock bleeding Holmes and the man was gloriously naked. Everything was within reach and no longer out of bounds for him.
He looked up from his position on one of the chairs for what ought to have been a dining table but was in reality mostly another landscape of papers, books and miscellaneous detritus, though thankfully nothing edible, or what once had been edible, among it.
But if he had genuinely found out that John was carrying two children, how had he done it? Nobody knew, apart from Mycroft, Sherlock and John, and, of course, the woman who’d done his ultrasound at the clinic.
It wasn’t the most dignified of plans, he could admit to that, not in terms of independence and self-image. But it was better than the alternatives by far and so he’d go for it.
He couldn’t have – if he hadn’t picked up on that then, it could just as well have been that there was a lot of other things going on in his brain at the time. He had not, to put it mildly, been in a state of mind for a subtle reminder of what he ought to do, and that whether he had retained that particular information or not.
Not to claim them, in the traditional dragon way. At least, that wasn’t what he consciously wanted to do. His wires were rather hormone-crossed at the time, and so he thought that he could lay a claim on them by getting close to them physically. That he wouldn’t need to claim them as treasure after all, that he could get what he needed, satiate the hunger without going the whole way, as it were.
Even so, it seemed as though the elder Holmes managed to read it in his face, which really oughtn’t surprise him, because he continued, “They were never meant to come here. If my estimates are right, in conjunction with what they have provided me, we will only exacerbate the matter by bringing other people here at this point. No, you and I will have to do what is required to see this through to a satisfactory conclusion.”
With that, he walked out, the tap of the umbrella against the floorboards making an almost pointed audial reassurance that he was leaving.
Experiment not going well, then?” was all he said out loud, relatively calmly. When Sherlock looked up at him, however, he took in his expression and immediately went over to embrace the brunet, who wrapped his arms tightly around John in turn.
Sherlock still has a way to go through his Mind Palace, both mentally and psychologically. After all, worries have to live somewhere.
What he exhibited now was the aftermath of his earlier anger, banked but smouldering and ready to flame when needed.
In fact, they had no idea of all the things that made him facetted and fascinating as a human being.
There was a reason the harem had kept a strict policy on what kind of items were allowed, especially in the rooms that were meant to accommodate the…purpose of the harem, as it were. A murder in a harem was a situation that nobody, not even the residents, wanted.
The Alpha shushed him gently but didn’t otherwise answer, just continued his way down, kissing an Adam’s apple, then the tip, or bottom depending on how you looked at it, of the vee left by John forgetting to button the top button of his shirt.
He watched as the blond swallowed but nodded. “He’s waiting for us, isn’t he? Wherever they’ve gone, they’re waiting for us to reach them.”
believe that you picked that one item of significance to me at that specific time for a reason connected to your hoard only because some of the same basic principles applies to the general hoarding tendencies of dragons as to the courting rituals of dragons. Which, according to your brother, you have deleted in its entirety, and that has been part of the issue.”
Despite the snippy, elder-brotherly quality to the comment, there was, as far as John could hear, also genuine concern and care to the comment, to the point that it cancelled out or at least strongly diffused the snippiness.
“Don’t you think about it? About her?” Sherlock queried, only glancing over at the blond before returning his gaze to the computer. Rather resolutely so, it seemed.
Perhaps it ought to be flattering, that even in this state, the immediate, instinctive reaction from the dragon was to regard the human doctor as a possession rather than a threat.
“The term, I think you’ll find, is ‘amuse’,” Sherlock said, sitting up. “You were having fun. So was I,” he added in the knowledge that John would spot that bit. “I think that was rather the point of the exercise. Game. Whichever.”
Still, he would be far happier when all this was over and his nerves had proved entirely groundless. Which they would. Of course they would. There was no…if he’d done it right, then it would…
“No, I think much more highly of you,” John snapped back. “I think you can kill people in all sorts of ways or just fuck them up. I don’t care what you do, you cannot make this any worse, so just
So, given all that, what could discourage him or alternatively prevent him? Nothing that came to John’s mind – or wait.
That wasn’t it, though. On its own, that could easily be chalked up to just another attempt to mess with him, knowing what age his little girl would be and picking a dress that matched the age range. Something off Oxfam, to make it look used.
But that had left him with a little bit of time now to just observe a bit before seeing his mate wake up just now.
No, he wasn’t going to allow that to shake him, even though that hit a raw nerve in turn, to say the least. That obvious a ploy to shake and unsettle was not…not going to work.
“Of course, it doesn’t,” Sherlock snapped. “Not on its own, smashed together like a kid playing with molecule models. But what we do know is that the scent bond does have an effect, even now that we are bonded. What we don’t know is what exactly that effect is or how far into the regular bond it stretches. Judging on what we’ve experienced from it, it’s amplified instincts and certain feelings and reactions – “
A thought came to him while he was making the food; perhaps the reason that Sherlock hadn’t actually slept much wasn’t purely because he didn’t need it or thought he didn’t.
Instead of passing it to Sherlock, however, he stood himself up. There wasn’t room to stand for him, with how close Moriarty was, let alone the younger Holmes, but he did it anyway. Nothing would stop him now. That was plain to see in his face.
“I know that you won’t, Sherlock, and I am not doubting you in the slightest. However, I said both of us and I meant both, too.”
Purely in how John regarded it all, however, he had come to the realisation, the conclusion that it was not Moriarty who mattered in all of this, it was Tessa. He could go to hell, whatever he was to her or John, not to mention whatever his intentions were, and good fucking riddance.
“It’s too bad for you, Johnny-boy,” Moriarty said, and this time, his voice was a hiss, “that in the real world, knights get slaughtered by dragons, not the other way around, and dragons have no intention of sharing their treasure.”
The point was that it was here, and it was real, whether he could remember the reason for it or not. Deception and manipulation was a possibility, obviously, but as he concentrated, almost dropping both things in his hand, he could find none of it.
John had argued back that that might be so, but that they still didn’t need to know where he was at any given moment when he withdrew money or made a purchase on a card.
Come to that, John had something to dangle in turn, now, didn’t he? And so the metaphorical impasse, if such it could be called when one secret was exponentially more important and life-altering than a mere stolen firearm, was tangible enough for…well, for him to feel comfortable mentioning the gun outright.
He’d almost written as much to Mycroft but had opted against it. Mycroft had been helping him, after all, and Sherlock owed him. The fact that his brother hadn’t lorded that over him yet was…quite honestly, it was worrying rather than comforting.
HEADS UP. This might be a rougher chapter for people in terms of content. I don't think it's worse than what's been in previous chapters but I might be wrong. It might be that you notice something that should be warned of in the tags, if so, would you tell me?
If he was to know more than what he’d automatically deduced, he wanted it to be John who told him rather than him working it out for himself.
“Not just in me.” John remembered what had happened, too, and it wasn’t true to say that it had only provoked a reaction in him, was it? Not by a long chalk.
“He gives me a stability, yes, and someone to impress, that is true, but he gives so much more than that, too. John is comfort and safety, he is a drive to excel, to strive to be better, always. Not mentally, though I’ve never quite burned as I have when he’s been with me, physically or otherwise. But he’s made me a better man in heart and emotions as well – “
Sherlock could feel it dragging him in, quite a bit, even as he tried to resist it doing so. There was truth to what it was saying, he knew that. Knew it without having to think about it. Quite a lot of truth.
After a moment he said, “You will undoubtedly need it at some point when Mycroft decides to drag us to some ghastly event or other.”
“And we’re back to the pot and kettle. Isn’t that just what you’ve done with regard to the negative side of your instincts, or at least the ones that affects our bond? You’ve even extrapolated from them.”
That question only earned him a small chuckle, which he knew ought to have been a bigger surprise to him than it ended up being.
And not anything to do with his previous identities either. He’d left them behind, one after another, most of them not voluntarily.
Looking right at it, at the bulk of it, it felt as though it was all of him. The mass stretched on and on, beyond vision, the scales of every conceivable shade of copper and bronze almost burning from within while also illuminated by an invisible light source. That only seemed to enhance the magnitude of it, even though that sounded incredibly overwrought.
That was part of why John’s relationships with the women he found always failed. Some of it was John’s love of danger and his adrenaline kick, too, obviously, but how could he ever hope to find someone who could be a long-term partner when he always stuck to the bubble aspect of a relationship?
He could, of course, have gotten a head start by crawling out of the window the moment he’d hung up instead of waiting for the door to come down and the younger dragon to cover the distance, as he was now doing. But while there was merit to the idea, he’d chosen to stay until he could see what state his friend was in by now. More importantly, it would also mean that Sherlock would be able to see him leave.
When they did, John opened his eyes to look the other in the eye, this time with a slightly hazy look to the blue.
I am sorry if you can see I've struggled a bit, both in the chapter and in general. I am trying to juggle the story (and the others) and I think I might drop threads or repeat things or the like.
His first thought was indignation and anger. How on Earth could John not think that he would come for him? When he’d run as fast as he could to get to him, worried out of his mind, then –
He realised what was going on with a jerk and instinctively tightened his hold on the thread. However, when he looked down, he saw no indication that the thread had been pulled or slipped out of his grasp even a little, which of course wasn’t a guarantee but even so –
Which meant that it was not a single-instance occurrence. That there were more indicators that they were far from being good people or at least, that they were engaged in some rather unhealthy activities in their marriage and especially in the raising of a daughter, regardless of who she was.
“There’s a lot of stuff we still don’t know about it, though, and we were told there could be damage, so it makes a lot of sense for you to be worried about that. Panicked, even. I ought to be panicking, too, really, considering everything, but – “
He could definitely do that. Something in merino wool, if he could find that in that same shade of blue the original had. It looked annoyingly amazing on him and went well with the drama of the coat.
Except…people did, and often, without a second thought, in many cases, or even remorse in a lot of them, either. To the point where it was walking on glass rather than walking on eggshells.
“I don’t care what it takes but I will kill you. You piss about, playing these elaborate games with Sherlock just because he’s not merely intelligent enough to match and outsmart you but he’s bloody daft enough to be interested in playing your sick games.”
“I don’t – I won’t do that, John,” was what he ended up saying after all, but it was without dismissal or even bravura. Just quiet earnestness. “I promise you I won’t. I’ll be sensible about it and won’t overdo it in any way. I promise.”
That he knew where they were also meant that he knew how safe he was or wasn’t, in relation to where the dragon’s abode were.
After putting the bag on and taking a relatively heavy backpack as well as a small handheld bag, John found his free hand automatically went to the top of the furry head, stroking it gently. He really shouldn’t be doing that, though, should he? Not because his hands were dirty or anything but it still…he didn’t want the bear to be in a worse condition by the time they finally got there.
He paused then, to gather his thoughts and also just a little to watch for John’s reaction. Which thankfully was not dismissive or anything similar but warm and just a little bit grateful, it seemed, too, though he could’ve got that wrong.
I think the chapter title might be a slight bit misleading but it was the best I could think of. Then again, does anyone read them or the summary? Or this?
“Know that was what you were really asking?” John asked in turn. “Whether I feel safe around you still and if you’ve done something while you’ve slept that you cannot undo? Good question. The answer is simple, though.”
Once Mycroft finished relaying what information was available in the paper, which was precious little but enough to at least start with, John expected him to outline what the plan was, or at least something along those lines.
He’d had to admit that when he first met Moriarty, through his handiwork rather than in person, he had been rather intrigued by him. That had blossomed to full-blown fascination for the man, at least for a while. It wasn’t fair to say that it had lasted until they’d met in person, because that smacked of a ‘never meet your heroes’ moment that he didn’t much care for, and which wasn’t true.
“So…I can’t leave the flat for the foreseeable future, at least, until Moriarty grows bored, and even that’s not a guarantee if he’s that uncaring about boundaries or rulesets, of humans and other dragons.”
Yet, he turned around without hesitation. Fear it might be, if not outright terror, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t face it. That he wasn’t going to deal with whatever had happened, good, bad or terrible in so many ways, and move forward.
What he hadn’t counted on was that, upon the door closing behind them, John gave him what might be described as a withering stare for a moment or two, which was still within the realms of what he’d have expected.
“I know,” the blond said, in that same quiet tone. “Just one of those things that occurred to me now that I had a bit of time to sit and think about things after all this began. Not that I’ve been sitting here for ages watching you sleep or anything. That’d be – “
Luckily, the reaction was to break down into tears, and he didn’t have the presence of mind to shut the door on them. Instead, he clung to the door as if that were the only thing preventing him from slipping off into some tempest of uncertainty.
“Exactly.” The fact that his brother had been that adamant about finding a suitable bear for his new niece, as the otter before it.
What he did hear was the small noise, a sort of slightly pained, sleepy hum. Puzzled, he listened closer. It didn’t repeat.
“It’s not the most expensive, sir,” they said, and John had to push down indignation that spiked inside of him at the suggestion he couldn’t afford it, “but in the time we’ve carried it, it’s been by far the most reliable and it works equally well whether you’re feeding both or the one – and whether you’re nursing or bottle feeding.”
a say in matters,” John said, reaching out to grab Sherlock’s hand himself. “We’ve been bloody well planning this for a week. More than a week?”
The previously limp, unresponsive body above him suddenly stiffened, tension surging into it in an apparent rush. The wing around him gave a spasm and tried to curl further while the hand around his wrist tightened, if that was possible, the clawed fingers piercing skin as they did so.
However, what he got, as he started to turn around for the shaving cream, was a hand grabbing his wrist.
“Morning,” Sherlock whispered and oh, god, hearing that voice deepened by sleep but without the slurred or muddled quality that actually just waking up achieved…that was…well…
Sherlock sighed, a tad dramatically, as if John was being dense on purpose. “So, why go for the exact place that you would be more conscious of and react more forcefully to than any Alpha,including me, if his interest was in me? It was you it provoked a reaction in.”
Further down, the feeling of bliss, blessed silence of a high grinned at him from its prison, the blinding glare from its crystalline teeth beckoning.
All in all, it made for a tableau that wasn’t easy to decipher, at least not for John, and yet, he had to decipher it somehow, so as not to do the wrong thing. He undoubtedly would, regardless, but the least he could do was try and stem it as best he could.
The doctor looked up to fix Mycroft with a steely glare. “I am not in the mood for being mocked or messed around with, Mycroft. I haven’t stopped being angry, at Moriarty, at you, at Sherlock and at myself.”
“No, it means I might have had the urge but that I haven’t followed through with it. Not then nor in the intervening years,” Sherlock replied and there was more than a bit of snap to his voice. Some hurt there, too, if you listened carefully. “I have never had and never will have any interest in claiming anybody as treasure, and that includes you!”
In the end, though, he managed to wrestle them under control, along with his Alpha, despite its loud and vehement protest. It took a long moment, though, and in that moment, he could do nothing but stand there.
Whatever the case, though, it didn’t alter the fact that he would soon need to go up on the stage, one which had been built during the Edwardian era rather than the Victorian, as most of the rest of the school, and perform the song as best he could, solo on his violin.
Of course, they were. This was John Hamish Watson, not some meek Omega who never dared gainsay an Alpha.
Remembering he’d been asked a question, he nodded. “Yes. It’s part of my…but it doesn’t…I don’t want to take it back immediately. Don’t want to, to take it back at all.”
When he looked a little lost, however, because honestly, it was difficult not to, one of the staff came up and asked.
The look and the unshed tears that brimmed in the other’s eyes but didn’t show signs of falling. Possibly that was sheer willpower or tenacity on John’s part. It would fit, definitely.
To say that she was the spitting image of her mother was not quite true but there were enough similarities to make the resemblance overwhelming. Sherlock could from that easily imagine how John would’ve looked at that precise age.
Celeste made a little, strangled noise at that, one of equal measures joy and grief and gripped the calloused, lined hand in hers more strongly.
He scoffed and made a show of rolling his eyes but then went on before the dragon could get a word in edgeways. Not right now. Not only had he still a point to make, but he wanted the dragon to drive itself further into the corner of pride and fear if he possibly could.
Such as get closer to Moriarty while he was distracted. Hopefully, he was so, even with her glance just now, too, but they could…this stalemate wasn’t going to continue, and he couldn’t afford to have Moriarty win this. If he took the girl, then…
That made sense and was…that was sweet, in a bit of an odd way. Also, it was somewhat sad, really, when he thought about it. A little heart breaking, at the very least, that Sherlock had had to battle with his instincts enough to be able to recognise that, of all things, in someone else’s face, bond mate or not, never mind as easily as he had.
So, to make sure that he wasn’t moving into territory that could be considered suggestive or in any way inappropriate, he lay on his side and kept his back lined up with the edge of the mattress. It was close enough to it that Sherlock had plenty of room to move without needing to bump into John if he didn’t want to but far enough from it that he didn’t risk toppling out of bed if he so much as shifted.
There was a longer pause at that, which John took to mean that the ginger was busy with something or other. A government didn’t quite run itself, after all.
If he was being honest with himself, however, he couldn’t even truthfully say the instincts of the dragon held no control anymore; when he’d seen Mycroft grab John’s hand, he’d felt a stab of possessiveness that hissed ‘mine’ loud and clear through his mind. He’d forced it down, with effort, but it had reared its head again almost immediately afterwards when John had smiled at his brother.
Sherlock turned his head back the right way then in a move that shouldn’t be as graceful as it was, turned himself around in the chair to face the blond. The computer was still in his hands, somehow steady throughout the movement.
The phone number was still scribbled across the palm of his hand, the numbers legible, the marker used having only bled a little in the warmth and slight moisture of his hand.
That was, of course, based on the premise that John tolerated Sherlock’s presence rather than he genuinely wanted it, a notion which proved gradually more and more absurd as time marched on. Not only did he show up to their practices on time, each time, and stay for a long while, they continued to text in between the meetings, and to the brunet’s relief, the conversation flowed easily, about anything and everything.
No, but John’s not stupid. He’s anything but stupid – he worked out that what Mycroft collects is at least partially people, without any prompting. He would’ve worked out that part on his own sooner or later and probably sooner. When he did, he would both be angry about it, even more so than he’d been earlier when Sherlock hadn’t seemed to care about the bomb victims, and feel betrayed, to a greater or lesser extent.
Right. That wasn’t so difficult, was it? Much like when he’d helped and counselled members of the harem, except he meant it even more now than he did then. That had been at least partially because it was his job, his duty, however much he genuinely cared for his charges.
All of this registered within the blink of an eye and John’s instincts, the ones of the Omega, told him to not anger the Alpha, to sit by and try to look as non-intimidating as possible.
It did look it, too, he could admit to that. Even so, he took it from the staff member, to get a feel for it. Not that he was any kind of expert, he knew that, but well, you’d be a fool to merely look at it when it was there for you to feel.
He wished he could believe wholeheartedly that the fact that they’d got hold of the contracts meant that he was home and dry and out of trouble.
“Why…are you…you’re not seriously…and you’re not even angry, so that doesn’t…” It seemed like some of it wasn’t even meant to be spoken out loud. He finished with, “…why is it so unbelievable?”
“What part of all this mythological horse shite isn’t complicated?” John snapped. “And you love when you get a chance to monologue on something you know and I don’t, so don’t give me that.”
The indignance and injured pride oozed from every syllable of that sentence and Sherlock nodded, smiled and seemed entirely willing to listen. Interested, even.
In fact, while that base blankness was still in there, the rest couldn’t be more of a contrast, with the positive tapestry of emotions vying for space on that face. Anger, for one, bordering on that strange kind of rage that he’d seen before, more animal than human. Joyful triumph was another. Confusion was a large part and so was pain, both the twist of physical pain and the deeper but subtler emotional and mental one. Fear, dread, horror and panic was, though not quite as large as the others, slowly growing.
John could’ve got held up at any number of places, more than Sherlock had calculated with, and that was before he’d even got home. He might not have noticed anything odd at first, either, and gone about his routine, which could’ve added another…six to fourteen minutes, depending on how far into it he got before he clocked it.
Now that many of the roadblocks have been cleared and declarations made, it should be time to get close. Only, bodies need rest and intentions need to be put into practice.
Where had all that come from? He would never have believed that he was ever jealous over John’s relationships. He hadn’t even known him…well, it felt as though he’d known him always or at least for a very long time but in reality, it was comparatively short amount of time. There shouldn’t be that many layers, no matter how broad his jealousy had been.
Or she could have learned to express herself in the most horrid ways, her curiosity nourished but in a twisted sort of way. It was Moriarty they were dealing with, after all, and though there was nothing to indicate one way or the other, the risk that he’d had a hand in her upbringing was real. Even if it hadn’t been much, just the thought that he’d had any influence over her upbringing filled the younger Holmes with dread.
Which, of course, only made John’s argument that it would be a higher price than he could pay at some point, with horrible, long-lasting if not permanent consequences. For both of them.
It seemed that the intake of breath had allowed the elder Holmes to regain some control. There were no clear outward indicators but even so, John felt the slight ease in the tension.
have uttered the words ‘it’s a fair cop, guvnor’, either ironically or, more unlikely still, with complete sincerity.
He…didn’t. Now that he thought about it, yes, that should feel more wrong, but it didn’t – and he hadn’t even thought about it.
There was the door itself, of course, or rather, the remnants thereof, lying on the floor both outside and inside the room, for a start. Then the shattered glass of his periodic table on the floor, and the table itself a rather tattered mess in its frame. Well, half a frame.
He hoped fervently that Moriarty had done nothing, though, and this was all just Sherlock’s imagination having a rare spasm. In fact, if there was one thing he would ever think to pray for – apart from the fact that they all made it out alive, of course, though that was up to him and not some meddling deity of some description – it was that no harm had come to Tessa, in any way, shape or form.
