“Come up to the office, Dean. Let’s eat a bite then you can have this for dessert.” Cas breathes hotly into Dean’s mouth and moves Dean’s hand with his own along his hardening dick.
Dean hugs his son a little tighter. “Yes, she does.” He agrees, kissing his son on the top of his head, “I bet she’s looking up at them right now and thinking about you.” His throat tightens with emotion as he thinks of his daughter out there somewhere, hopefully not alone.
“They took him in for an urgent operation on his chest. He will need another operation on his leg sometime soon,” the volunteer says apologetically, “but he is doing much better now.”
Cas turns his head, leaning into the ghost-like memory of the kiss Dean placed on his lips and opens his eyes, he frowns in confusion when Dean is not there beside him. The sun is low on the horizon in the distance and it takes him a moment to remember where he is…
They sit together and watch a couple of episodes of MASH, then an episode of Bonanza in companionable silence before Dean gets up and goes to the kitchen.
Castiel smiles, “Agreed,” he says, as he pulls his shirt from his arms and discards it on their dressing table before moving over to Dean, his lustful gaze never leaving his husband’s face, “I have a lot of plans for you, and me, and this bed.” He smiles as he slides his hands up Dean’s torso, making Dean shudder under his teasing fingertips, “In fact… I can’t think of a better time to get acquainted with it, than right now…”
“Hello Castiel, it’s so good to see you. I’ve been rehearsing what I want to say to you and now that I’m here it all seems so… right, so perfect.” From behind his back, he brings a bottle of champagne and then hands a bewildered Castiel a small velvet box. Cas frowns slightly as he opens it, his eyes widening as they fall on the gold banded ring inside.
He is almost back to the truck when he thinks he hears his daughters name, there’s no way that’s what he heard though, right? Stopping, he turns back toward the hospital, looking around at the crowd. He hears it again and frowning he moves toward the sound. He scans the faces along the street until he spots his kids. Both of his kids, together. Holding each other and sobbing, Claire is here. She’s alive. She and Jack are together... He freezes for a moment, as though the wonderful image before his eyes might disappear if he so much as moves a muscle. He blinks, they are still there….
Immediately his eyes begin to sting against the dirty, salty water. Making it even more difficult for him to try and work out where he is or locate his family each time he breaks the surface. He feels his body being whipped around. Pain shoots through him as he slams into things whilst being carried further inland. Debris now surrounds him like a wall of landfill junk dragging him along. When he feels something soft pass by his side, he shudders and recoils as he registers that it feels like another person. He somehow manages to break through the surface of the water and gasps in a deep breath before his foot catches on something and he is dragged under again.
Castiel glances at the man sitting in the passenger seat several times during the drive, each time he finds that the man is smiling back at him. There is something enticing about that confident smile. Castiel’s eyes flick quickly back to the road each time he is caught looking but he does take in new little details of the man’s face from every stolen glance, the freckles that are sprinkled over his cheeks, the green shine in his eyes when they are lit up by the street lights as the car passes beneath them, the way his smile reaches his eyes. ‘
Dean rolls down the window to try and get some fresh oxygen into the car. The heat outside is slightly less than the stifling heat inside the car. He leans his forehead against the steering wheel — such a fuck-up.
“I just want to warn you, these are very graphic images. You need to prepare yourself, take a breath and when you’re ready, see if you recognize your papa in any of the pictures, alright?”
Castiel frowns at Ishim’s back as he leaves the kitchen. Turning to the cabinets, Cas pulls out the peanut butter, jelly, and bread. He takes his sandwich and a glass of milk into the living room, where Ishim is now watching the news, he sits next to Ishim and quietly eats. When he finishes, he sets his empty glass on the coffee table and curls up next to his boyfriend.
“Well, if we did that then what would happen to you when the specialist comes to test the painting? It’s a fake, isn’t it?”
Cas’ smile, as he watches his son, slips from his face and he tilts his head frowning as he notices a strange sound, he looks around trying to find where it is coming from. He sees, one by one, everyone around the pool stop what they are doing to look up into the sky. He looks up, following their gazes to see vast flocks of birds flying away from the coast. Standing to get a better view, Castiel covers the sun from his eyes and looks out toward the sea, his mouth dropping open in horror.
The spark of a smile he’d had at her words fades into serious concern. Castiel wouldn’t let their daughter wander around by herself… not unless he couldn’t go with her. Dean’s eyes flick between his two children, they were both here and they were fine…
He notices the man on his front lawn when he takes the signs to place them at the edge of the yard. He might have stared just a little too much, but the lack of shirt and shoes first caught his attention, then the messy dark hair, like the man had just crawled out of bed - he just might have by the confused look on his face. Most of the nosey neighbors Dean is used to seeing are old women, housewives, and grumpy old men. There aren’t many gorgeous, half-naked men in his usual day. Not that he would complain about such a sight.
“I can’t… please, just save my daughter...” he cries out in unimaginable pain. The man pulling him, either can’t understand him or chooses to ignore his cries as he continues to drag him along. Cas can see Claire following along, keeping as close as she can without getting in the way… her worried face is the last thing he sees before his eyes roll to the back of his head and he passes out from the pain.
Sam cringed and glanced back to Dean’s closed door. “It’s okay, Cas. This is a small house and I’m sure Dean wasn’t quiet. It’s not even been three weeks yet since his break up. I’m surprised he’s doing as well as he is. But, Dean isn’t one to share his emotions or feelings very well. I’ll try and speak to him later.”
The sexual tension continues to build as they drove to Castiel’s house. They share glances and Dean reaches over and places his hand on Castiel’s thigh. Castiel sighs and lays his hand on top of Dean’s.
“Benny, man, you carried him out of that fire.” Cas takes a shaky breath, “I was two blocks away on crowd control. Please, understand that I’m grateful and there is never any reason to feel bad or responsible for what happened. We were all at that call. That old factory should have been destroyed years ago; it has been a disaster waiting to happen. Hell, all of us know the dangers of our chosen line of work. Firefighters and Police both live with the threat of injury or …  um, every day.”
The truck lurches over an uneven road as it leaves the shelter, Dean and Jack are still on board. It had been another dead end for Dean. He had not found Castiel or Claire on the shelters list, he tried not to let it show to his son but his mounting dread was dousing what remained of his hope. He lifted a hand to absently scratch at the bandage wrapped around his head. A woman at the shelter had been kind enough to change it for him and check the wound. It was clear that pain medicine was starting to run out at the small shelter and when the volunteer had offered Dean some, he had politely declined. His head hurt but he could look in any direction and see someone worse off than himself, he wouldn’t feel right taking medicine away from someone else who would need it more. Now was certainly not the time to be selfish with pain relief. But he hadn’t seen anyone being selfish, he hadn’t seen anyone using the situation to their advantage, in fact, Dean felt moved by every selfless act of kindness he witnessed going on around him.
They drive off toward the doctor’s office. Going in the opposite direction of where Ishim is parked.
Meanwhile, Dean was staring up into Cas’s deep blue eyes, not moving to get up. Cas put his hand on Dean’s chest as he attempted to get up. Dean moved and bent his knee slightly causing Cas’s crotch to rub his thigh. Dean smirked, “Sorry…” And Cas forgot to breathe for a few seconds.
Dean stares at his food like it might do tricks on his plate, he swallows around the lump in his throat. “Um, no.”
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean grumbles and climbs out of the pool, stomping over to a lounge chair and sits heavily, slumping into a pout, arms crossed over his chest and staring off in the distance - not looking at Cas. Dean is a pro at pouting.
Dean stands frozen, face pale, hands shaking slightly and eyes fixed on where Castiel is standing across the room... His heart shattered into a thousand pieces as his eyes fell on the man holding Castiel's hand. He was looking at Castiel with the same expression that Castiel use to look at Dean with. That longing, that joy...
.’ He rubs Casey’s head, “Casey, go drip all over him, cool off that temper of his.” He scratches her head and climbs out of the pool to go sit by Dean.
He finishes pounding the signs in place and trudges back over to the truck to put on his safety gear. Noticing that the nearly naked man was now standing much closer, reading the signs he’d placed. Dean nearly falls on his face trying to step into his harness when he hears the guy laugh, luckily the guy is still looking at the sign and hadn’t noticed Dean’s clumsiness. Trying to save face, Dean gives the man a wink before turning to climb up the pole. When he reaches the top, he looks down and sees the man sitting on his front steps. After he finishes his work and climbs down, he realizes the guy is no longer watching.
“Oh goodie, you’re going to do homework on a Sunday. Nerds.” Dean sassed, “I’ll be out working on the car.”
“Exactly. Now, shh, just wait here.” Dean places a single finger against Cas’s lips, meeting his eyes as he hushes him. Then he gives Castiel a tiny nod and quietly leaves the closet with the boomerang in his hand. He tosses the toy into the air so that it passes close to the painting. The first time he doesn’t get it close enough and nothing happens so, with a quick glance about him, he refocuses and tosses it again. This time it goes right past the infrared security system and Dean feels the vibrations in his very heart as the alarm blares to life loudly. Dean catches the boomerang and runs back to the closet, slipping in beside Castiel as quickly and as quietly as he can.
Claire is combing the hair back off of Castiel’s forehead as she worriedly looks down at him. She glances at her dad, clutching his hand as she whispers, “He seems so much weaker now, Dad.”
Relief that is short-lived, however, when he puts a hand up to his head and pulls it away sharply with a hiss upon feeling a hot, sticky substance coating his fingers. Looking at his hand under the glow of his flashlight, his stomach flips when he sees the blood - a lot of blood. He has cut his head open and is bleeding badly.
“Now, jerk off for me, I wanna see you make yourself come. I wanna hear you make yourself feel good just for me.”
Castiel shifts back, turning over for a moment to hurriedly tug his own pants and underwear off, he leans over Dean, gasping as Dean swipes his tongue over his nipple. He reaches across to their bedside table to where he had put their lube earlier, then moves back over Dean, pausing only to plant a warm kiss on Dean's lips, before settling back on his ankles. He squeezes some of the lube into his palm, tosses the tube aside and rubs his hand over his swollen cock.
Dean points to his ear and shrugs his shoulders. Why would a deaf person need a radio? It’s not like he can sit around and listen to music. He has a great TV and excellent gaming set up.
“Alright, have fun. I guess I’ll see you at breakfast then. Try not to buy anything!” Cas says with amusement in his voice before bidding his brother goodnight.
The rest of his body, though not as battered as his chest and leg, still aches. He has no control over his limbs, no strength at all, which he knows is likely down to the sheer amount of blood that he has lost. His head throbs and his throat feels dry…
“Well, y'all can stuff it. I like my shorts.” Dean huffs and looks back at his husband in mock betrayal, “Where did my loving support go?”
“Fine,” says Castiel slapping his hands against his thighs in annoyance, “Then I will  drive you home.” Grumbling Castiel slips on his shoes and grabs a jacket to put on over his t-shirt and pajama pants.
After Castiel settles, looking pale but finally breathing more freely, the nurse gives him something to help him rest. Claire relaxes once she knows he is alright and sits at the side of his bed again, while he sleeps after being so ill. She listens to the sounds of his breathing in case it sounds like he might be sick again, his breaths are quick and shallow sounding.
He and Claire have been fighting Mother Nature and all she has thrown at them all day. He’s exhausted and dizzy as he walks along behind Claire, still trying to use the stick as a crutch. Each step is painful, the shock and adrenaline of the morning's events was wearing off and he could feel every movement pull against his injuries. He takes comfort in the fact that at least Claire looks much calmer now they are far away from the shark. He feels proud of how strong and brave she is being as she leads him along.
“No, no. Please, just stay there. Knowing you’re safe right now, is helping a great deal already.” Castiel smiles at his daughter, “I’ll rest for a moment and then try again.”
By the fifth month of dating Cas, Dean had been toying with the idea of asking him to move in. Dean’s younger brother was off at college and therefore he was living alone in a two-bedroom apartment. For about a week, after first having the idea, he had tried to convince himself that it was just because he missed having someone else there. His giant moose of a brother’s absence was hard not to notice. He tried to believe that he just wanted some company - not that he just really wanted Cas there all the time; eventually however, he had to admit to himself that yes - he just really wanted to live with his boyfriend.
Castiel is up on stage with two other guys and two girls doing some sinful moves to the song “Pure Sin” by Dactyl, it’s not a striptease, but damn, he loves to dance with these guys. He knows the vibe is well, pure sin. He’s grinding against one of the girls when he notices a small group finding a table about mid-room. The lineman - um Dean, finally made it.
Dean gave Cas’s bicep a squeeze, “Shit, I’m not sure you'd be so easy to beat in a wrestling match these days.”
Claire frowns slightly, does that mean her papa might still be alive? She isn’t sure and is too afraid of the answer being no, to ask. She’ll hold on to the possibility for as long as she can.
She stands and walks back over to the pile of pillows and burrows in, knocking them all askew, coming out the other side with the keychain in her mouth. She prances back to Dean and sits next to his left foot and drops the keychain on his foot.
She whips around, eyes zooming over blurred faces until they freeze, on the flushed face of her baby brother. Her heart fills with relief until it feels like it might spring free of her chest in an effort to get to Jack.
“Cassie,” Gabriel beams, welcoming his brother home with an energetic hug, “You’re not going to believe what I bought for you today!”
“Cas” Dean whispers. His hands fisting the hem of Castiel’s t-shirt, knuckles pressing against his warm skin. Cas nods and Dean pulls his shirt over his head, tossing it to the floor with his own shirt. Dean meets Cas’s mouth as soon as the t-shirt is out of the way. He pulls Cas by the hips, walking backward until his legs find the bed. Dean lays back on the bed, bringing Cas down on top of him. They kiss hot and heavy, hands searching and touching the exposed skin.
Castiel knows he shouldn’t be disappointed when the hot lineman didn't come to the club; it was only Tuesday after all. The man had a dangerous day job and probably isn’t one for hanging out weeknights at a club. But, somehow Castiel still feels a little sad that he didn’t show. He tries to put it out of his mind and focus on working the crowd and getting the best tips. The rest of the week goes without incident, no sexy lineman in his front yard - sadly. Castiel follows his usual routine.
There are times when Dean feels that he let his father down by taking a different route with his life, then he climbs one of the big towers and remembers why he became a lineman. Working in a garage under a car has nothing on being outside all day and climbing up a pole or a large tower to work. Even if it was more dangerous, Dean loved his job. The excitement and scenery makes every day an adventure.
Dean doesn’t admit out loud that he thought Castiel looked alright in the shorts, from what he could see of his good leg, when he was ambling about, Castiel was in good shape.
She’d been fighting the urge to get a drink for the past hour, scared to leave her papa’s side again. But now it’s hot and her throat is dry, so Claire gently pats her papa’s hand and says, “I’m going to get us some water. Please, don’t go anywhere?”
When Dean finally stops talking, he blinks at Cas and looks around. “Ooh, yummy, Harvelle’s! I love you, Cas! You always know just what I need.” He slides across the seat and cradles Cas’s cheek in his hand, “You’re the sweetest, kindest man I’ve ever met.” Dean takes Cas’s face in his hands and gives him a firm yet chaste kiss, then nudges Cas to open the door and get out, “So, what did you do while I was at doggy school?”
Chuck pulls into the parking lot right after the other three enter the building. Chuck is the store manager and problem solver; the guys tend to call him Doc because he is a natural ‘fixer’ of all things customer related.
Cas (Wednesday 8:04 PM) > I’m done with this conversation. I’ll be in touch with you when I’m ready. Again - please respect my wish on this.
“Was I flirting? I don’t think I was flirting. I was just being friendly.” Dean grins at Cas with a playful smirk.
Dean gently lays down his sleeping son and walks over to the edge of the roof, staring out into the darkness, both hoping and praying that Cas and Claire are somewhere safe. He thinks about trying to get some sleep, but his ribs hurt so much and his brain won’t allow him to relax. He decides to go out looking, just as he promised himself - only ten minutes. It’s dark and he can’t see too much apart from where the beam of the flashlight falls.
The TV is playing a commercial and Dean looks over at Cas, when he speaks there is no anger in his tone, instead he seems tired, “We’re not watching bees again today are we?”
“Hey, just a moment.” calls the thief - Mr. Winchester - stopping Cas just before he ducks into the cab, “Like an idiot, I wasn’t wearing any gloves at your house, do you mind wiping off the painting’s frame where I touched it when you get home?”
“We need to go back and look for Dean and Jack, they must be worried sick about us,” Castiel mutters as Claire holds his arm to keep him from climbing down, it feels like a gorilla has hold of him, how is his daughter this strong?
“Boy, I’ve known you how many years now? I’ve seen you when you want to ask someone out, and you have that look about you now. So ask ’um out.”
With trembling fingers, she picks up the ring, ignoring the intense gaze of the woman watching her, and brings it closer to her eyes for inspection. On the outside, the ring is a plain silver band, a style which Castiel does wear.
Dean and Cas enjoy the work they do and the people they get to work with on the more exclusive bikes. Not all their jobs are for rich superstars; they create jobs for regular people as well.
“Thank you, sweetheart.” says the woman, as she puts the items back into the clear plastic bag. Claire watches her pick up a tatty looking folding from the ground next to the table and place it in front of her, “I’m so sorry to ask you, but I need you to look through these, too.”
“Well, I was reading in bed, but I heard and noise and came to see who it was... it was dark, but there he was. Tall, green eyes, slim, quite good looking,” Cas catches Gabe staring at him like he has two heads and hurries on before he can say anything, “In a mean, brutal way, a terrible person of course. Arrogant, ruthless, no sense of guilt or shame, or …” Cas drifts off.
Dean kisses Cas’s shoulder and rests his hands-on Cas’s hips, sliding them to his lower back as he leans against him. Cas lets his head fall back, giving Dean more access.
The woman looks into her eyes sadly and pats her hands, “That’s okay. You just stay right here and try and get some rest. I’ll come back and check on you later.”
Castiel steadies himself and rubs his cheek, “Ishim, I- I went to the gym after work and stopped to get dinner on the way home. That’s it. I swear.”
Dean sees the playful twinkle in Castiel’s eyes and understands his words for what they are. A promise of more. He smiles and asks, “Yeah?”
Dean had told Sam that he’d blocked Michael’s number, so why hadn’t he? He didn’t want to see him again. Didn’t ever want to talk to him. So why can’t he just block the stupid number already? He takes out his phone and goes to his contacts, pulling up Michael’s contact information he hovers his thumb over the option to block. Taking a deep breath he presses the button and agrees to block the number.
Cas looks down at himself, he’d bypassed the living room to get breakfast, embarrassment heats up his cheeks as he looks back up at Dean, “Oh shit, sorry. I mean, um… I’ll get one as soon as I get to the couch.”
They casually make out, hands unhurriedly petting each other. No rush or extreme sense of need, just enjoying each other’s body.
Cas notices that Dean’s eyes are rimmed red. He knows that look, he’s seen it in his own eyes, reflected back at him in the mirror, numerous times after fights with Ishim. Dean has been crying. Cas assumes it was the phone call that upset him, he itches to say something comforting to him, but it’s not his place. He doesn’t know what happened between him and his ex and although a part of him really wants to ask Dean if he is alright, that would mean admitting he’d overheard his phone conversation.
“But, I left you…” Dean shakes his head. “I don’t think I can ever say I’m sorry enough. I could have lost you forever and all over my stupid pride.”
“Dean…” Cas sounds completely broken, saying Dean’s name in a tone barely above a whisper. With a shaky hand, he holds out his phone for Dean to read the message. Dean frowns slightly, pulling the car over into his driveway before accepting the phone, his eyes linger on Castiel’s face for a moment before he looks down at the message. He gasps as his eyes fly over the screen.
Finally, Cas wins the struggle with the door and they stumble into Cas’s apartment together. Dean kicks the door shut and turns Castiel around in his arms so that he can continue his passionate attack on Cas’s mouth. He licks into it as though Castiel is a drug and he is the addict, moaning at how good it makes him feel. His hands rise up to cup Cas’s face and neck and then slide back a little so that his fingers can curl into Castiel’s hair.
Claire sits by his side for a long time before her rumbling stomach forces her to go and find something to eat and drink. She is worried about her papa being so weak and thinks that maybe some food will help him as well. Downstairs, she finds a table set up with lots of fruit and water bottles and she grabs an orange and a bottle of water to take back to share with her papa. She smiles as she walks back toward his bed, feeling grateful despite everything that had happened, that they are safe now, and together.
“I could help you on my days off, we could go look at apartments if you want?” Dean offers. Dean doesn’t let on that he is going to miss having Cas around.
“Cas, I really don’t mind,” Dean winks and drinks his coffee. Cas looks at Dean wide-eyed. “Dude, your eyes are so blue,” Dean states dumbly.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes out his name in a desperate whisper, as the pain and fear come crashing back through him...
“At the... Um… at the Orchid Beach Resort in … in Khao Lak.” She remembers her Dad drilling that into her head while they were at the beach, she could tell her their room number if that was necessary.
Over the next few years on Earth, Castiel becomes a friend to Dean and his brother Sam. Castiel cares a great deal for the man he saved. This bond causes an unusual emotion, and Castiel must take time away to calculate his feelings which are so new to him.
Dean reaches out, his trembling fingertips landing gently on the back of Castiel’s hand. His skin is cold and he doesn’t seem to register Dean being there at all. Tears swell and fall from Dean’s eyes as he lowers himself into the chair by his husband's bed. He takes hold of Castiel’s hand and grips it lightly.
Gabe barked out a laugh, “Nothing too illegal, my friend. Just some beer, I want my little bro to have a great time for his sixteenth.”
She hugs his hand to her face, careful not to disturb any of the wires connecting him to the bleeping machines around his bed, sobering she murmurs, “I can’t believe I found you.”
Castiel looks to where his daughter is pointing and agrees numbly. As he nods, he feels a pull in his chest and subconsciously brings his hand up, he hisses as his fingers graze over a deep wound just below his pectoral muscle, looking down at his hand, he winces as he realizes; he is bleeding badly. He holds his hand over the wound to try and stem the flow and continues to follow his daughter, stumbling slightly as he starts to feel the effects of fighting for air in the water and loss of blood.
What he and Ishim had wasn’t love, it was barely a relationship, he was seemingly there to be Ishims - for the want of a better word - ‘bitch’. The way they had sex, wasn’t ‘making love’ it was rough and at times painful and he always had to beg for any pleasure for himself, Ishim gave him nothing without a condition…
Castiel sits straight up in bed. “What the ever loving fuck is that beeping?” He looks at his phone, nope he hadn’t even set an alarm.
Cas couldn't help playing through a list of ‘What if’s’ on the drive over. What if Dean didn’t show up? What if he flirted with the staff? What if things went horribly wrong and they broke up for good? What if he never got to kiss Dean’s lips again, or stare into his beautiful green eyes, or hold his hand feeling that grounded closeness that made him feel special and safe…? What if he never got to tell Dean how much he meant to him? What if this was the last time they would see each other?
Soon enough, Gabe came out with party games. They started with twister. Dean, Rhonda, Cas, and Tom got picked for the first round. Tom fell first, then Rhonda, leaving Cas and Dean for the challenge to win.
Dean’s voice cracks, “I… He, Claire… They were just… gone.” He gasps in a deep breath as he begins to break down, rough sobs making it difficult to speak, “Jack’s here, he’s ok, I have him. I have Jack… but they, Claire… Cas. I don’t know, I can’t stay on the call Sammy, people are waiting to use the p-phone. If he calls, I’m ok. I have Jack - you tell him. Tell Cas, I have Jack.”
Dean was stunned by how Cas looked. “Hey, Cas. Lookin’ good.” Dean patted Cas on the shoulder as he entered the den. “Come on in guys. Ya’ll want snacks?”
“Dad! You’re back!” he calls, then Dean’s heart breaks as he sees his son's eyes scanning the rest of the room, searching for his papa and sister. When Jack’s eyes finally meet his again, they’re sadder this time and Jack asks quietly, “You didn’t find them?”
Gabe walked back in from a bathroom break, and Cas immediately stiffened and Dean removed his arm — reaching for a game controller. Gabe saw it all but just wiggled his eyebrows at his brother and grabbed another controller and sat on the other side of Cas.
The Novak’s own some very famous and very expensive pieces and Gabriel had made a deal with the gallery to show several of the paintings from the collection. The most coveted by the gallery manager being a beautifully emotional painting depicting an angel overlooking a couple in love, ‘The Angel’s Heart.’
Dean’s eyes slip closed and he presses his head back into the pillow, letting out a low groan of frustration, “Jesus fucking Christ, Cas you tease.”
Over two millennia later, Castiel watches over a small boy whose mother is trapped in a house fire. The boy makes it out of the house with his baby brother. Castiel wants to reach down and help the child.
“Thanks, I didn’t think of that. I’m excited to get to wear jeans again. Gym shorts are okay but when that’s all you can wear for weeks, it gets old.” Cas settles into the seat as best he can.
Castiel smiles a small smile at his daughter and nods, shakily reaching out to take her hand, he hisses when the movement pulls at his chest.
He looks around them and pulls a heavy tree branch from the water, testing its sturdiness with a few strong swings. He nods to Claire, trying to appear more confident that he felt, “Ready?”
He doesn’t hear the car that pulls up in front of the house and parks on the street. So, he doesn’t worry about the fact that Ishim is watching the house.
He feels his body, tired and aching, cut into by sharp unseen objects in the dark seawater. His head bumps against something metal, dizzying him. His limbs feel limp and weightless.
Warning for the depiction of war and what Dean sees when his convoy is attacked. See endnotes for more details.
“Hey, Cas, it's me Dean. You’re safe, look.” Dean had a handful of glow bracelets in his hand and was lighting them up. He fashioned a few into necklaces and put them on Cas, putting the others on his own wrist. “See, I brought some light for you. Feel better?”
“We’re going out, I’m not going to let you sit here all day, moping about yesterday as if it was somehow your fault.”
Castiel is happy to know that Jess is doing okay and also relieved that Sam asked how he was doing, he wasn’t sure how Sam was feeling about what happened to Jess and whether he blamed him. Knowing Sam isn’t upset with him and that Jess is alright helps him relax a bit more. He looks up at Dean and is caught by his gaze. He gets lost for a moment in those bright green eyes before coming back to himself.
Castiel forces himself to keep moving. Slowly, he puts one foot in front of the other and follows Claire toward the large tree ahead of them.
Castiel watches as Claire turns to look where he is pointing, she meets his eyes and nods and together they swim - or rather try to aim their bodies - toward the tree. With each movement of his leg, Castiel can feel the awful dragging of loose skin. His injury is deep and painful. He can tell by how groggy and weak he feels that he has lost a lot of blood. He ignores it and pushes on toward the tree. He has to get Claire somewhere safer, somewhere they can take a breath and think. He has to try.
With her heart in her mouth, she takes off at a sprint, chasing after him and yelling loudly, “Dad? Dad!?” It’s too noisy inside and the man doesn’t hear her.
They spend a lot of time at the local pool, not even minding that Sammy has to tag along. Pool time is playtime and Dean, and Cas get to feel like kids again. There are camping trips with Dean’s family and a trip to the lake with Castiel’s. They talk about right now, about the upcoming weekend, about pizza and sodas, but they don’t talk about the future beyond the end of July.
Sitting in his car, with the window down, he pulls out his phone. He stares at the brief conversation from last night. He stares until the screen goes black. Dean hasn’t saved Castiel’s number. Cas may not want him to have his number after they meet-up. Dean’s not the same person he was before, not since the incident, not since he saw the gruesome, evil side of humanity. Cas would be right not to want Dean in his life. Besides, Cas already has someone; he doesn’t need Dean.  Dean stares at the conversation until his screen goes black again. Finally, he begins to type a message, which he deletes. Tries another and deletes that one too. What does a person say to his ex four years later? He settles on something simple.
“Hey Cas, how'd’ you get so grown-up all of a sudden? You’re leaving poor Sammy in your dust.” Dean pointed at Sam, all arms and legs at fifteen, “He may be all tall, but damn Cas, you’re really filling out and getting taller. You’re almost as tall as me now.”
Claire meets the woman’s eyes shakily and accepts the bottle of water she’s holding out to her gratefully, “I d-don’t know, them, those people… I don’t…”
The men seem to be local villagers and Castiel realizes quickly that they do not speak English, but that doesn’t stop him from thanking them, repeatedly, as they help first Claire and then him out of the tree. He winces at the pain of moving and tries to help but his battered body is refusing to work. He feels nauseous and it doesn’t help when he realizes that if these men wanted to take his daughter away from him, he’d be helpless to stop them.
“Nah, he’s on the swim team now, that gave him a bit more self-confidence with his body, I think. He’s always been a skinny little guy. Last year, over the summer, he finally developed some muscle, swimming will do that to ya.”
Castiel leads Claire through the water, feeling the constant threat of the shark, like a horrible prickling on the back of his neck. He kept looking around, eyes darting back to the body that was becoming smaller and smaller the further away they got from it. He looks ahead into the water they are moving through, for any sign of anything lurking below the surface.
He thinks of all these things… as he passes by the dirty grey curtain surrounding Castiel’s bed, completely unaware that his husband, the love of his life, is fighting for his own just beyond it.
He runs to the McDonald’s and grabs their lunch and heads back to find Castiel waiting on the dock of the Grocery store. Cas works as a cashier. They eat their lunch together. Cas talks about summer plans. Dean nods and tries to listen to Cas’s excited ideas of swimming and camping and hanging out.
“I hope you had it insured.” Cas sighs. “And thanks for the kind gesture, Gabe but I’m happy with mine. I hope you are able to sell it for more than you paid for it.”
Crowley wasn’t too happy about him changing his song, he was supposed to feature “Pony” but one of the other guys is going to do the whole cowboy thing. Castiel has a special plan. He’s one of the top dancers in the place, and Crowley trusts him enough to make minor changes now and then.
When the water is mostly sludge and mud around their ankles, Claire finally sees how bad Castiel’s leg is. With wide eyes, she takes in the disturbing flap of loose flesh hanging down where it is gouged open, and she freaks.
“I’m sorry, are you hungry? You could have said something earlier. We could have gone to eat whenever you wanted.” said Castiel looking slightly guilty.
The club closes at two in the morning, so Castiel is usually finished with his closing process and out of there by three. He heads to the twenty-four-hour diner for a lite meal and coffee before heading to the local high school track - which is always lit and has a police station right next door. After the track, he goes to the gym. By the time that others start arriving at for usual morning workouts, he is already plenty sweaty and typically being ogled by housewives and grandmas. Once he’s finished his workout, he takes a quick shower and hits the tanning bed - well, about every third day, just enough to make sure he doesn’t have tan lines. By nine o’clock he’s ready to go home.
Castiel starts limping his way to the other room and Dean frowns after him, before turning and heading to the bathroom. On his way back to bed, Cas decides he’s hungry so he ambles into the kitchen. A few moments later, Dean walks in just as Cas is trying to get the box of cereal out of the cabinet.
He stills as tears blur his vision, not wanting to wake his son who had finally fallen asleep. He misses Castiel. He can feel his chest shaking slightly as he tries to hold in his sobs. What is he supposed to do? He finds himself wishing Castiel could tell him, how to find him… that Castiel could tell him what to do and that it would be alright in the end…
Dean keeps an eye out for Cas and Claire, whilst also trying to prevent Jack from seeing anything that will scare him. He wants to protect him from all the death and destruction around them, as he knows it will only make Jack worry more about his papa and Claire. Dean knows Jack is sneaking glances from the side of the truck when he hears his horrified little gasps every so often. So, he tucks him into his side and tells him to close his eyes.
The third week of July, Dean receives notice that he has to be at Fort Benning, Georgia by July 28th. That’s a whole week earlier than his original date. Castiel’s flight is on August 6th. This information is not pleasing to anyone.
“Cas, I was right there, I tried to pull him back, but, that beam fell so fast. Broke my arm when it hit me, but Dean… God. It took four other guys to lift the fucking thing, and…. I’m so glad he’s still alive.”
Castiel had never felt so grateful and he attacked his daughter’s face with desperate kisses, stroking his hand over her head and checking she has no injuries hidden beneath her hair, “You’re ok, you’re ok. I found you. Papa loves you so, so much!”
“We’ll be great together Castiel,” says Mick breathlessly, “We could travel the whole world together… I’ll show you anything you want to see, take you anywhere you want to go…”
They talked a while at the bar then got a booth and continued exchanging stories until late in the night. They found that they actually had a fair bit in common, both had grown up with siblings, Cas has an older brother, Gabriel, and Dean has a younger one, Sam. Neither of them were in love with their job, but they didn’t hate them either. They were comfortable and the bills got paid on time. By the end of the evening they had traded phone numbers and made plans to go together out that weekend. Dean walked Cas to his truck and they kissed good night.
Painfully long hours pass. Jack and Claire drift off to sleep against Dean’s side, their quiet breathing a constant and comforting reminder that they are both with him, that they are both safe.
Cas grins at his husband, “So, anyway, I need to be sure you guys know what room we’re staying in.” Cas gets back to the point of the discussion.
Luckily, the other boy in the truck, who has become a friend to him, keeps him distracted, telling him stories and making up games. Jack likes him, he isn’t hurt or scary, he is kind and funny. But even his silly jokes can’t banish the fear that one of these times the truck is going to leave, and his dad won’t have returned, then he would really be alone.
He thinks of Castiel, of Claire, of Jack waiting for him in the truck. Of the faith his son has in him that he will find their missing family. He thinks of Sam, and how he had sounded so certain that Dean would find Castiel and Claire and that he would bring them all home, safely. He thinks of holding his children in his arms, hugging them close to him as Castiel reads them bedtime stories, or tells them tales of how he and their dad met. He thinks of Claire, and how he knows she is going to grow into a strong woman, (a policewoman if she gets her way) and Jack, who desperately wants to be a doctor and help people. He thinks of how he and Castiel had spent many an evening, talking late into the night, dreaming up ideas of what it might be like to watch their kids grow up, fall in love, and start their own families.
Castiel follows his brother into the parlor to find exactly what he expected, the ‘Cupid and Psyche’ is leaning on an easel right next to Castiel’s own rendition of it, which is hanging on the wall.
On his way home, he barely notices the power company truck on his street. He’d forgotten all about the letter and the impending outages.
Castiel is on him in mere seconds, climbing up onto the bed and settling with one leg on either side of Dean’s waist, he begins kissing and licking at Dean’s neck and teasing his cock through the thin material of his boxers by running his hand over it lightly.
Castiel has been watching over Dean for Dean’s entire existence and has become quite overprotective of him. Sometimes, Dean sees this as a fault, and it causes arguments.
“I know this is hard, but please, we need you to look at the items and tell us if anything is familiar.”
“Don’t go too far and make sure you hurry back.” The man says patting his son on the arm as he climbs over him.
Once they have finished unpacking, the family head to the main restaurant for dinner; the seating area is outside and surrounded by fairy lights and burning torches, there are even more beautiful and unusual plants lining the stone walls that mark the perimeter of the outside dining area. Beyond it, the water of the swimming pool shines in the light of the setting sun, gleaming in such an inviting way that it makes them all want to dive right in. The heat is overwhelming, but exactly what they’d wanted.
His vision whites out for a moment and when his head starts to clear again, there is nothing but darkness. Trying to sit up makes him feel sick, so he stills and waits for the nausea to pass, before trying again. When he feels steady enough, he sits up and roots around for his flashlight, tugging it free from the sludge it has landed in. He wipes the mud from the lens against his shorts and tests the button. Relief washes over him when it flickers to life.
Cas gets into the passenger seat as Dean slides into the driver’s side. “If it’s alright, I think I’d actually like to go back to the Toyota dealer and look at the Highlander. I liked that one the best.”
His suspicions are confirmed when suddenly there are several violent splashes around the object. A large tail beats through the water and sends it showering down over, what Castiel now knows is a body. His chest is pounding and his insides feel icy as he watches a dorsal fin with a slice missing from it cruise around the corpse and then ‘tug’ at it again.
Mid-afternoon, Cas wakes from a nap to hear Dean talking, he assumes he must be on the phone. He can’t understand much of what he’s saying because Dean’s door is shut, but he does hear him when he starts yelling.
“Is he strong enough for surgery right now?” asks Dean, before he can stop himself. He wishes he hadn’t asked that in front of Jack and Claire.
Cas turns to look at Gabe, shaking his head and softly answers, “Not much,” before heading up the rest of the stairs. Gabe just watches him go in confusion.
The hairs on her arms prickle as a chill sweeps through her. She shivers, trembling slightly as she stares at the empty bed. The whole time, from the wave hitting until now, she’d been afraid but now, a terror settled in her gut that made her want to run away screaming from the nightmare that had somehow become her life.
Seeing her brings him fresh determination to keep going, he can’t lose her again. He has to reach her and protect her. Claire is frightfully pale as she comes into view; she is holding onto the branch of a tree, until she spots her papa and let’s go to try and swim toward him.
I want to take you out on dates and prove that you’re number one in my life. I want to have you over when Sam is visiting so we can spend time together, the three of us. I want us to spend time together with our friends, so we can get to know each other even better. I don’t know if any of this sounds like what you want, Cas. I hope it is. I hope that we can mend this and make things better.”
Castiel smirks, grabbing Dean’s face hungrily and firmly in his hands before kissing him solidly once more. It’s a desperate kiss, hard, and needy… and incredibly hot. His cock is throbbing in his jeans as he lets his hands drop and begins working the buttons on Dean’s shirt free, needing to feel Dean’s skin against his own body.
He clambers up to the highest peak of a slanted, crumbling rooftop, looking out over the decimated grounds of Khao Lak. His throat tightens and his eyes mist up with tears as fear engulfs him, somewhere out there, somewhere amongst the wreckage of buildings, the sludge, and the bodies was his family.
As they step out of the tiny closet, Cas takes a moment to look back at the little space dreamily and smile up at Dean. Dean grins back at him, understanding.
Sam was even smarter that Cas, but he loved to study and learn outside the school curriculum. By their freshman year, Sam had probably read every reference book in the library.
“Of course, we can, darling,” Cas replies, as he helps her set it up. It's not a large telescope but it’s supposed to be powerful enough for an eleven-year-old to enjoy the stars.
Now he’s really scared. There is a thief in his house, and he is home alone. He clutches the gun tightly in his hands and swallows. Ever so stealthily, he makes his way to the switch on the wall and holding the gun up in front of him with one hand he flicks on the overhead light with the other.
He catches his daughter watching him and staring at his wounded leg; he knows it looks bad and by the look on his daughter’s face, he can tell that she knows it’s bad too. To try to alleviate her worries, he straightens up and smiles, “It’s going to be fine. It’s nothing a doctor won’t be able to stitch up in a flash.”
Gabe finally turned the music back up and yelled for everyone to dance and have fun. He took over the keg and filled cups for all who wanted beer.  Even Cas and Sam decide one beer couldn’t hurt. Dean was on his second, but he’d had beer before, and two was his limit, because he’s driving later. After this one was water and soda.
“It’s ok, it’s ok. I’m not going anywhere, it’s just that there are two wonderful people waiting outside the room, who desperately want to see you.”
Together, they get the rest of the boxes into Benny’s truck, and after a quick hug, Benny leaves. That’s it; Benny is all moved out. He’s really gone. Dean shuts the front door and looks around the living room. Benny didn’t take any furniture, but the place still feels empty. He looks in Benny’s room, and except for the striped bed and the chest of drawers, the room really is empty.
The conversation devolves into chatter about classes and hot bartenders and everything in between. Dean blushes when they tease him about trying to pick up the bartender at the club a couple of weeks ago.
They take their time with lunch, then they drive over to Ishim’s house. Cas is nervous as they approach the house, he remembers the night he left and how angry Ishim was. He shakes his head and forces his nerves down, looking at Dean and thinking about how Dean is there for him in all this. Cas looks down at the keys in his hand, they feel so heavy all of a sudden. He takes a deep breath and unlocks the door to let them in.
“Yes, Dean. And before I go into what I need to say I want to thank you for acknowledging where you went wrong before. Everything you said, I can’t even tell you how much it meant to me. So, thank you. And I know I’m not perfect and I know I’m not the easiest person to be around at times. I know I have to say I’m sorry too. I’m sorry for giving you the silent treatment for weeks. That was so wrong of me, I’m ashamed to have done that to you. You didn’t deserve me completely cutting you off like that, and certainly not for so long. So, my return promise to you… is to never do that again, if we have a problem I promise we will talk about it. I won’t shut you out again. You have my word.”
She yells for him repeatedly but no reply comes as she scans the people moving about outside the hospital. Whoever he was, he was gone. Feeling disappointed Claire turns back toward the hospital trying to decide whether or not to mention what she thought she had seen to her papa.
“I’m so sorry to bother you at work, Dean. I just … It freaked me out and I didn’t know what to do.” Castiel says as he wipes his face with a tissue.
He spies a pile of broken trees and debris and climbs over one of the trunks looking to see if there is anyone tangled up in the mess. He takes another step forward but his stomach lurches when the ground beneath his feet, suddenly, gives way. Feeling himself dropping he reaches out but is unable to grab onto anything to stop his fall, landing unevenly and slipping backward. Slamming his head onto something hard on the ground.
“What do you mean Gabe wouldn’t let you have ice cream? It’s your big day. You should get whatever you want today.” Dean said sweetly.
“Papa,” Claire’s face suddenly comes into view, she smiles down at him, it’s the most beautiful thing Cas has seen since he opened his eyes, with heartbreaking relief in her voice she says, “You’re awake.”
Castiel could barely hear what the man was saying over the thunderous sound of his own heartbeat throbbing in his ears. He could barely catch his breath because of the pain in his chest. Gradually, he got to his feet, holding out his hands to placate his boyfriend.
Castiel rolls his eyes, but Dean notices the small smile that flickers across his face before he sags in defeat.
He holds the base of Dean’s dick steady with one hand, drawing his other up and down the shaft several times before he is no longer able to resist lowering his mouth to it. He licks over the tip, with the flat of his tongue, enjoying the way Dean quivers below him. His free hand teasing and massaging again at Dean’s balls.
“Yes. Fine. You’re not wrong. But I’m good, Charlie. I’ve been busy with classes. Engineering is a tough major.” Dean looks pleadingly at Charlie. “Why don’t you pick on Kevin for a while?”
Cas silently listened to the conversation and tried to pretend he wasn’t. He felt like a fly on the wall, like he shouldn’t be hearing this discussion, but then Dean had brought it up knowing he was there, it wasn’t as though Cas had walked in on them talking.
Cas unbuttons and unzips his own jeans before groping to find Dean’s zipper. He finally undoes Dean’s jeans and slips his hand inside, cupping Deans hard length through the cotton of his briefs. The sound that escaped Dean’s throat is a mix of a moan and a whimper. Cas loves it.
His fight with Castiel on Saturday is still fresh on his mind and still stings. Cas had cried, and Dean held him. But, they never settled things. Cas was still admittedly against Dean joining the Army. Dean grumpily standing his ground.
He yells out again, “Claire!?” Then strains his hearing in the direction the screaming had come from.
Cas looks shyly away, adjusting to eat his breakfast without looking back at Dean, “Um, I thought you looked familiar but I wasn’t sure if you remembered me. It was you with me in the car, wasn’t it?”
“More.” Cas answers almost breathlessly, Dean turns to meet Castiel’s eyes and they stare at each other for a moment, before Dean seems to snap out of it, blinking and turning away.
Ishim (Wednesday 7:32 pm) Oh my God! Cas! I knew something had to have happened. You’d never just stay gone like this. Why didn’t you call me? You should be home so I can take care of you. Tell me where you are and I’ll come get you.
“You’re the guy for me and we’re going to get married. You’ll get to know me. Oh, the kiss...” Mick takes Castiel into a tight embrace and kisses him passionately. Cas is confused by the whole exchange, staring dumbfoundedly at Mick as the man presses their lips together with over the top excitement, it feels all wrong. Mick’s lips are not as soft as Cas would like, in fact, they feel slightly rough against his own. Then the cologne that Mick is wearing hits him it is so overpowering that it takes Castiel’s breath away and makes his eyes sting. As Mick begins to pull away, Castiel looks at his watch and notices he is running late to meet Dean.
Gabe knew about Cas’s fear of small dark places, so he agreed. “Just because you’re the birthday boy, and the door closes when the winner of the second spin gets in there.”
Dean raises his hands in surrender, feeling a little confused at Castiel’s reaction and takes a further step back into his doorway.
“Those are new,” he states, “I never let Ishim bind me, I swear. I suppose he had plans for if I came back.” Cas says, a twinge of fear and anger crawling up his spine. He shivers at the thought, “Fuck him, I can’t believe I stayed as long as I did, what the hell was I thinking? He’s never going to get to touch me ever again.”
As his fingertips touch the cool skin of his daughter's arm and before he has a chance to grab a hold of her properly, the wave collides into them. It tears them apart under its sheer force. Castiel tries to cry out for his daughter, but instead of words coming out, water rushes into his mouth. He sputters and clamps his mouth shut as he is pulled down below the darkened waters surface.
“Get me good and hard, baby, so I can give you what you need.” Ishim reaches around and probes his fingers into Cas’s already lube-slick hole. “Oh, yeah, you want it don’t you?” Ishim pushes down on Castiel’s shoulders letting him know just how he wants Cas to get him hard.
“You’re right, Cas. Everything here seems to be brighter and more colorful than anything back home. Even after the plane ride, I’m so glad we came.” Dean leans over and gives Cas a kiss.
Cas thumps him on the chest, “I feel awful, and I’m scared for you, too. I had no right to get you mixed up in all this. If you want to call it off...”
Cas raises up, his jeans falling to his knees and he pulls on Dean’s jeans. Dean raises off the bed enough to help get his pants down. Cas takes Dean’s jeans off and kicks off his own before leaning down and mouthing his way up Dean’s inner thighs. Dean’s breathing speeds up, and he fists the blanket under him. Cas is busy kissing, licking, and nipping his way up Dean’s chest, across his collarbone and finally worked his way to Dean’s waiting - panting - mouth.
Dean didn’t care, he had just decided that whatever games they play tonight, he was going to let Cas win, if he meant getting that look from him again.
Just as they are pulling down the street to the house, Cas’s phone pings with a message. Castiel can feel Dean’s eyes glancing over to him as he stares at the name on the text, it’s from Ishim. Cas debates ignoring the text as he is in a good mood and doesn’t want it ruined by Ishim but something makes him decide to read the message. Maybe it was because he felt stronger and more capable of handling whatever Ishim threw at him. Whatever the reason, he decides to read the message.
Ishim takes a long drink of his beer and looks up at Cas from his seat on the couch, “So, what, are you not happy to see me? I was able to skip out of the last day of the conference. I thought it would be a nice surprise for you.” he says with an edge of sadness in his tone.
They watch him as he makes his way to the far corner of the room. He speaks to the bouncer at the door and next thing they know, he’s being let in. They gape at each other then both bark out laughter.
Jack latches onto his big sister with all his strength, tears streaming down his cheeks, “Claire, Claire, you’re here. You’re really here.”
They get to the garage and Benny is already there, opening up the store side. Benny is one of Dean’s best mechanics and one of the few that he knows he can trust with keys to the shop and store.
Standing squashed closely together, they listen as the guards walk around the gallery checking that everyone had left. Cas and Dean wait in nervous silence, they’re standing so close together that they avoid eye-contact with each other for a short while. However, a sound on the other side of the door but close by forces their eyes to meet in a mutual moment of panic. Shifting slightly Dean brings a finger to his lips and silently ‘shhs’ Castiel, who is looking back at him with wide, fearful eyes. Dean drops the hand that had been raised to his mouth, to Castiel’s shoulder and gives it a gentle squeeze as he smiles at him reassuringly.
They take the cast off his arm first, then the one on his leg. It felt good to be shedding the constant reminders of the accident, and the night it had happened. Now the casts were going, Castiel felt like he might, at last, be able to start moving forward. Once he is cleaned up, they take him to another room where they x-ray both. He is sent back to the little room to wait for the doctor. Castiel is still a little wobbly on his legs, they give him a second crutch to help steady himself. Using the crutch with his newly healed arm is uncomfortable but as long as he doesn’t put too much weight on it, there is no real pain for which he is grateful.
The ‘not so heated first kiss’ was the start of a very ‘heated’ relationship. Their first few dates went so well in fact, that it didn’t take long for Castiel to invite Dean back to his place for ‘drinks’ and then proceed to rip his clothes off in a fit of desperate passion before they’d barely even made it to the bedroom.
The shorter man, Dr. Chuck Shurley, walks over to Dean’s hospital bed and checks the monitors and does a few reflex tests. “Well, it’s not bad news, Castiel. Dean has been responding more favorably to treatment, but the only thing we can do is wait.”
Claire finally acquiesces and follows the woman. Taking deep gasps of breath to try and stop sobbing.
“If you were security and you had to sit here night after night and guard a bunch of items that you could never afford, how would you feel?” Dean asks.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean looked like he wanted to lean down and kiss him, but he fought the urge and sat across from him instead.
‘WINCHESTER - CLAIRE’ is written on her arm in big bold letters. Then the volunteer takes her papa’s arm and writes, ‘WINCHESTER - CASTIEL’.
“- it’s not here. No. You took all your shit. - I’m hangin-  Stop saying that! You never did. I’m hanging up now.”
Her mind distorts the picture, it betrays her with images of what her brother, papa, and dad might look like if they were in that hellish folder. Pain stabs at her heart like a white-hot poker running her through and her stomach lurches, twisting and churning.
Dean looks up at him, appearing to be just as wrecked with lust as Castiel feels, “Going to fuck me now, babe?” he huffs out eagerly.
Dean huffed out a small laugh, “You wanna know the truth?” Cas nodded again, eyes still on Dean’s. “Yeah, I am. I know this is a game, but, Cas, um, I, can, … Cas, can I kiss you for real?”
Castiel stirs and Claire leans close, “Papa, you sleep. The volunteer told me that there is a list of people’s names downstairs. I’m going to go find the list of people here and look for Dad’s name. I won't be gone long.”
The kids and Dean finally make their way out onto the patio where Dean had decorated one of the larger potted plants like a small Christmas tree, something that Castiel admitted he found adorable.
Castiel’s hands are tingling with nervous excitement as he fumbles with his keys at the front door to his apartment. His eyes slip shut as soft lips press against the back of his neck, mouthing at him greedily and sending little shockwaves of arousal through his body like electricity.
Dean smiles at Cas and silently asks if the serious talk is over. Cas barely holds back a roll of his eyes and leans close giving Dean a kiss. Dean grabs his daughter's hand and they take off at a sprint toward the water.
“Need some help there, Cas” Dean asked with a grin, knowing the kid didn’t know he was standing there, and Cas typically didn’t use that language around anyone but Sam.
“That’s nice…” says Castiel awkwardly, “I’ll, um, I’ll be in touch, Mick. But I’m late for a very important appointment right now. Bye.” He leaves Mick standing beside his car and looking as confused as he feels and jumps into his own car, tearing out of the driveway in a rush. He can’t decide what he is more relieved about, being on his way to meet Dean, or putting some much-needed distance between himself and Mick Davies.
His eyes widen and his heart clenches as he sees the huge wall of water heading towards them. Numb and unblinking he stares in disbelief for another few seconds before time unfreezes and he is able to comprehend what is about to happen. His eyes desperately search the pool for his family and he finds Dean looking back at him, looking as pale and scared as he feels.
Claire doesn’t look convinced, she shakes her head and tears begin to fall down her face. Castiel pulls her into a hug and swipes a thumb gently under her eyes, “Hey, hey sweetheart. Don’t cry. We’re together. We’ll be ok. Now, let’s get in this tree, ok?”
“I’m fine, Sammy. My hand hurts a little but really I’m okay.” Dean says, showing Sam his bruised, split knuckles, “I’m more worried about Cas.”
It had been sheer dumb luck that the painting’s originality hadn’t been brought into question at the time and now Castiel was forced to remind Gabriel over and over, that there are tests that can be done, tests that these days don’t even take very long and would - no doubt - prove that ‘The Angel’s Heart’ was a fraud and once that story got out, it would ruin Gabriel’s, and Castiel’s credibility, not to mention that it would bring every other piece they owned under scrutiny.
Dean and Sam walked into Gabe and Cas’s house a little after six-thirty and the music was blaring, Pizzas were arriving, and the cake was on the table. There were some freshmen students standing around talking, and there was a group of older kids in the kitchen trying to tap the keg. Dean just rolled his eyes and chuckled, he could do it, but he’d rather not be an enabler to a bunch of under-age drinking.
Cas eases his cock inside Dean’s well-prepared hole, kissing away any more complaints from the man. From Dean’s reaction, he definitely didn’t mind Cas taking his time and being careful.
“Yeah, I do.” Cas slaps Dean’s ass and turns to walk back to the paint booth, and Dean heads back to the office. The new client is due shortly, so Dean needs to finish the paperwork on Leno’s transaction and gather everything for the new guy.
“He’s going to be just fine, you’ve got a real fighter on your hands, haven’t you?” she says fondly, “We’ll just get him comfortable in his room and then you can go in and wait for him to wake up. It will be good for him if you're there when he comes round.”
“I guess I’ll talk to you tomorrow,” Cas says with his back still to Dean. Cas stomps down the stairs and out the front door.
They wait in silence for closing time and for the guards to clear out the gallery. At the sound of the bell, which marks the shutting time of the gallery, all the patrons leave while Cas and Dean stand back, trying not to draw attention to themselves. Dean takes his brochure and puts a handful of coins inside it. He walks over to a table nearby and carefully places the brochure on top of it before heading back to Castiel. “Watch for normal human reaction.”
They meet on the edge of the road and grab each other tightly, their arms wrapping them together in a crushing hug. They are both crying and laughing because they never thought they’d see each other again and the relief that has filled them overflows down their cheeks. Claire kisses Jack on top of his messy head.
“Well, Castiel, it looks like everything has healed quite nicely. You will need to be careful getting around for a while, as you’re going to have to get used to walking normally again. Your muscles in the injured leg will need to be built back up. You should start with some non-stressful exercises. The same goes for your arm. Start small and build back up to what you were used to doing as far as exercising goes,” the doctor goes on to say, “You may have a bit of a limp at first but try not to give into it and you should be getting around good as new very soon.”
“Your ass is so hot. All red with my cum all over it. Look, baby. Look how pretty I made you.” Ishim lays down beside Castiel and shows him the pictures he took. Cas wipes his eyes and nods.
“So, Dean-o, you are coming to the kid’s birthday party, right? I know for a fact that he wants you to be there, and not just Sammikins.”
“Ugh, really? You know the guy gets on my last nerve. I’d rather hang out with you kids than with Gabe.”
Castiel tells Dean to wait in the dressing room while he cashes out for the night. Shortly after, Castiel grabs his duffle bag, and they head out the employee’s exit.
Claire closes her eyes and holds onto Castiel tightly, soon they both drift off into a more restful slumber.
“We are not dead, Cas… We’re in the hospital. Ok?” Dean sighs, looking worried eyes over Castiel’s bandages, “You got hurt, really badly hurt and they had to operate but you’re going to be alright, you hear? You will be alright. They are going to fix you up, Cas. You’ll be fine, and we’ll go home, all of us. Me, you, the kids… We’re all going to go home and this will just be a horrible memory.”
Cas stares at him, head tilted and eyes wide. He nods dumbly. Once again, struck by how handsome the man is and how beautifully green his eyes are, but then the absurdity of his request registers and Castiel can’t help but scoff out a laugh as he turns to face the man fully, “Oh, certainly. Would you like anything else? You don’t need some counterfeit money, or a forged passport or anything do you?” He asks incredulously. “You are absolutely crazy, aren’t you? I suppose the next thing you’ll be asking is to kiss me goodnight.”
Claire shakes her head frantically, closing her eyes, more tears bleed down her face as she chokes out a distraught sounding, “No.”
After a breakfast of cold cereal, Dean showers and dresses for the day. He has therapy this morning. Lunch with Bobby. Something in the afternoon. What was it? Oh, errands. The bank and groceries.
‘To make you feel better.’ he’d tell her. He is too young to die, too innocent to be lost, she loves him too much to be able to accept that he is just - gone.
Guilt rushes through him at the thought of hoping there were more dead bodies in the area to occupy the shark. He shakes it away, trying to stay focussed. Feeling nauseous, he takes hold of Claire’s hand, feeling it solidly in his own and praying that they both get out of this alive.
“Oh, I was just going to say that I think it’s good that we’re here together. We have a lot to talk about. So much has happened between us lately it’s hard to know where to start. What… what were you going to say?”
“Can I help you?” Dean shows the man again. He gets annoyed with people who think less of him because he can’t hear as if it makes him less of a person.
Castiel is sleeping and has an oxygen mask on his face, he looks pale and it upsets Claire to see him so fragile. But, she is so happy to see him that she runs to his bedside and reaches across him to give him a careful hug. Cas opens his eyes warily and sees Claire.
Dean and his team draft a few samples and are in touch with the client often, and final decisions are made. Dean is the chief fabricator, and once they have a concrete plan, he begins with one of his favorite frames and begins his metalworking skills on the tank. The fabrication takes another couple of weeks before any painting can begin. Benny is working side by side with Dean as he spends his time building the engine. As much as Dean loves mechanical work, he is the best medalist in the shop, and he knows Benny can build an engine with his eyes closed.
“That’s sure a long way off, but yeah, I will.” Dean kisses the back of Castiel’s head. “How ‘bout we focus on having fun this summer? Ya know before we have to start acting like adults for the rest of our lives.”
Dean barks out a laugh, knowing the game is over. They both enjoy their burgers, and they each get a slice of pie for dessert.
“You just being you… Mr. All-state, Dean’s list. You have no idea how much Cas looks up to you.” Sam gracelessly flopped himself on the couch. “Dude, do you even notice how the kids at school practically drool over you?”
“But I’m injured... I can’t drive.” he takes hold of the banister, as though trying to get his point across by demonstrating how unbalanced he felt, “Oh, you know… I actually feel pretty weak; maybe it’s the shock and loss of blood.”
The horrific sound doesn’t stop until the bucket is at its final height. Castiel stands there gaping up at the sight; he can’t quite wrap his sleepy brain around what was happening. So he just stares. Standing barefoot and shirtless on his front lawn, watching a man in a bucket raised high above a large, loud truck.
Ishim hits his rear again and again, hard on each cheek. Then fucks into him jerky and uncomfortably rough.
Cas jumps as the lights come on and the room is filling with cleaners, all busy and talking. He carefully slips in between them, wiping here and there, as he makes his way toward the security office, making sure to keep his back to any of the guards.
It turns out that the call is an elderly woman who had fallen and needed assistance. The poor thing had sprained her wrist and bumped her head. That was going to leave a bruise. She agreed to transport to the hospital to treat her wounds and make sure there was nothing else wrong with her. She was actually one of the ‘usuals’ that Dean and Benny had to make calls on much too often. Dean wished her family was closer so that they could be there for her.
Feeling foolish and discouraged, he makes his way carefully back to the roof to be by his son’s side, making sure to test the path ahead with a long stick to ensure he has no more accidents.
“He’s going to pull through this, Claire-bear. I have faith in him.” Dean tells her, not sure if he is trying to convince his daughter or himself.
“Sorry, Boss. I could give you some excuse, but I won’t… if you’ll loan me, Benny, to figure out what's wrong with my truck.”
She reaches the end of the list feeling cold with despair and glances uneasily over to the next list… Dread filling her as she prepares to read the names of those who have died.
“I’ve hurt my leg but I’ll be okay, I just need to close my eyes for a minute. So long as you’re ok…” Castiel’s voice trails off as he closes his eyes and rests his head against the tree again.
Castiel forced himself not to worry about it as he moved his brush over the canvas in front of him, his eyes lit up, reflecting the glowing greens of the mystic night sky landscape he was painting. The lines of the lone dark tree at the front of the image were crisp and precise, but the clouds that littered the sky around it were fluffy and soft looking. Castiel cleaned his paintbrush and placed it down on a paper towel to dry before standing back and admiring the painting. He’d chosen to do a simple piece, something easy that he didn’t have to focus too hard on so that he could relax his racing thoughts about the art collectors visit the following day. When he finally went to bed, he felt slightly less panicked about his brothers deal with the gallery.
The next morning the kids wake up early, running into their dads’ room. Jack jumps up excitedly on the bed and throws his arms around Castiel wrapping him in a warm hug, as Claire begins to poke at the side of Dean’s face laughing when he tries to tiredly swat her hand away. Both children start begging their parents to go to the beach.
He freezes in terror as he sees the shark thrashing above the water with what appears to be a leg clamped between it’s huge and powerful jaws. He feels his whole body tense as blood splatters across the sharks teeth and face. Then the deadly creature drops back into the water, its stripy side glinting in the sunlight before disappearing from view.
“Wow. The burglary business must be going well.” Cas says trying not to sound too impressed, as he gets into the car.
“Oh. OH.” Bobby grasps the situation. “So, you turned tail and ran.” Not quite a question, more a statement. Bobby knows Dean too well.
Claire wakes slowly with the feeling of something warm beside her, she opens her eyes at the comforting touch of a hand stroking through her hair. When she looks up, her papa is smiling warmly at her from under his mask.
Dean watches as Cas gets out of the car, the retort he’d been trying to correctly word in his head dies on his lips as the door slams shut beside him. What the fuck was that? Did Cas just walk out on him? Was he seriously so offended by Dean being nice to other people that he just left. What the hell was he playing at? How jealous and insecure did that make him that something as simple as Dean smiling at a waitress was enough to shake their otherwise strong foundation? Righteous anger built within him with how forcefully Cas had slammed the door, he knew how much Dean cared about his car, was that some kind of spiteful revenge shit?
More to prove to his daughter that he is able to than actually feeling ready, Castiel gets back up. He clenches his jaw and tries again, grunting and crying out in pain as he makes the slow climb up to the large limb that Claire is waiting on. Once he is up on the limb he lays down and nearly passes out.
Suddenly, Jack’s face appears above him, looking down at him with wide eyes from the hole in the roof, his face lights up with relief as he spots Dean.
“Gabe, you know, I don’t need the original. I studied that painting long enough to paint it myself,” says Castiel pointing rather needlessly to his own canvas.
Once inside, Dean gets Cas to check the bag, containing his change of clothes into the cloakroom just inside the door. He had explained to Castiel some of what would happen earlier so he was prepared for this.
Ishim is sitting at the kitchen table, laughing at a funny story that Castiel is telling him about a customer at work. Ishim has been home for a little over a week now and things have been good between them, after the first night of Ishims return anyway.
like cooking, huh? Who is it, Castiel? Who has your attention at that gym? If you really did go to the gym.” Ishim twists Cas’s wrist, pulling him closer.
Cas can feel the heat in his gut building, like the rumblings of a dormant volcano close to eruption, as he works their cocks together rapidly. He knows he’s getting close but he doesn’t want to come first, he wants to see Dean’s pleasure light up his face before he takes his own. He can feel Dean’s cock twitch and glancing down between them he sees his stomach muscles contract and tighten and he knows Dean’s close as well.
Castiel carefully, slowly peels the envelope open, pulling out the neatly folded letter. His hands shake slightly as he unfolds the single paper.  His eyes closed; he takes a harsh intake of breath and lets it out slowly.
Together the class has gone out into public for walks on the streets of downtown Austin around the training center; some pups did better than others. Casey was frightened at first when a bus roared past them at a corner, but the next bus didn’t faze her at all. Not all the puppies have owners, yet, some are being trained as guides for vision impaired, others for people with mobility issues or other particular medical issues. Dean and two others are the only owners who are taking classes with their dogs at this point.
Dean flips Bill off as he climbs out of the truck and jogs up to the front door. He used one of the power company's hang tags to write his note and hangs it on the doorknob. No way would Cain miss the bright orange paper.
“It won’t be long before you don’t think kissing is so gross, Sammy,” Cas states, his eyes fixed on Dean’s, leaning in for another quick kiss. Sammy makes a gagging sound from the kitchen.
The night starts with Castiel working the tables serving drinks. Tonight’s costume is cowboy boots and cut-off jeans (so short he had issues hiding his junk) At least the jean shorts aren’t as hot and confining as the rubber ones. His favorite night is Beach Night, the girls ware bikinis, and the guys ware board shorts, it feels more relaxed and comfortable serving in board shorts than with jean shorts riding up your ass. But, whatever. He wears what he’s told and plays to whatever the theme is in hopes of getting the bigger tips.
“Mhmm, yeah… fuck, so good, Cas.” Dean’s hands slip from Cas’s hair down his sides to his hips digging his fingers in, he pulls Cas ever so much closer as he fucks up into Cas’s hand.
The song finishes and the dancers leave the stage; Dean hasn’t taken his eyes off Cain the whole time.
“Claire,” Castiel starts to feel sleepy and he struggles to turn to Claire and murmurs, ”don’t let them separate us.”
“Aw fuck, Cas, I’m so sorry.” Dean muttered something away from the phone that sounded suspiciously like ‘that son of a bitch’ and then continued, “Maybe you can add this to the charges against him?”
“See, you are glad to have me around.” Dean jokes as he stays close to Cas walking to the car. He helps him into the passenger side and runs around to the driver’s side, tossing a gym bag into the back seat.
“Dammit, Casey. You’re disturbing a real good thing here.” He grouses and pushes her back, “Go lay down.”
“Okay, then.” Dean smiles at him, ignoring the way his stomach had clenched when Castiel had revealed he’d already been looking at places, with Sam.
Dean can’t figure out why it bothers Cas so much, he knows he doesn’t mean it. He has told Cas before that he’s always been this way, he doesn’t mean anything by it and people that know Dean already know what he’s like. It’s not like he is leading anyone on, his friends and family know he is with Cas, he’s happy with Cas… He’s just a natural flirt. He looks up at Cas who seems to be glaring at the floor now and a small defiant part of him rears its head, forcing him to bite back the remark that Cas should lighten up.
“Jack!” She yells and takes off toward him. They are both sprinting toward each other, through a parting crowd, shouting out at the top of their lungs.
Cas watches Ishim leave, he stretches, feeling the ache in his backside, and frowns. Getting up carefully he wipes his ass clean on the sheet and puts on a clean pair of underwear. Then he strips the bed and cleans the floor. As he is putting the sheets in the washer, his stomach grumbles and he remembers the Chili’s meal still sitting on the table. He walks into the kitchen just in time to see Ishim throwing away the empty dish from the takeout.
Castiel looks down at his hands, frowning. “I thought you were coming out East with me. I thought you wanted to stay together.”
Her gaze lifts and numbly, she watches the other children. Orphans, probably. How many people have been lost? How many mothers, fathers, and children? Why had this happened? Why had no one warned them? Who was to blame?
They have been in the therapy dog training for two months, and the training they did before has been exceedingly helpful. Dean is amazed at how intelligent the pups are; how quickly they learn all the commands and how intuitive Casey is to Dean’s feelings. The pups were in free time during one of the classes and were allowed to run free in the room; several decided it was time to pounce on each other, nipping and yipping as puppies do. But Casey walked right over to Dean and laid with her head on his foot. Dean hadn’t realized he was bouncing his knee and rocking in his chair until he had to stop to reach down to pet her.
“Claire, Claire, Claire,” Dean mutters his daughter's name, as though it is sacred, into her hair as he hugs her, “I can’t believe it, I can’t believe it! I love you, I love you so, so much! Are you alright? You’re not hurt? You’re ok, aren’t you?”
“Yes! They’ll be over shortly. We have a paper that we’re collaborating on, and he has all the notes.”
“Good idea, night Gabe,” Cas mumbles as he walks over to the painting and begins to wipe down the frame to make sure there are no fingerprints... Gabe watching him closely with a slight frown knitting across his face.
Feeling scared but resolved, she drags a rickety wooden chair up to the wall with the list covering it so she can see the top of the list which now reaches the ceiling. She begins reading all the names that are in English, sliding her finger slowly down the names one by one. Her hope reignites as she gets closer and closer to the end, with no sign of any of her family's names being added.
Dean’s head falls back against the wall with a dull thud, and his hands rise and carefully grip into Cas’s hair.
Cas never expected anything to come of his crush anyway. I mean, come on, Dean Winchester — Captain of the baseball team, lead pitcher, MVP three years in a row, owner of a totally badass muscle car, has a grown-up part-time job, honor roll and earning a full ride to KSU. Who at their school didn’t have a crush on Dean? But Cas knew the real Dean, the Dean at home, how he takes care of Sam and still, with all the stuff he accomplishes, was able to be such a good person.
“Castiel, you know I don’t like being angry with you.” Ishim sits on the bed next to Castiel, slowly reaching out and takes his injured wrist in hand placing kisses along his forearm. Working his way up Castiel’s arm to his neck and finally gently kissing his cheek then lips. The kiss is soft and yet full of want.
There is a thump at the top of the stairs, “I know you guys are kissing, so stop it so I can come down to the kitchen.” Sammy calls from the stairs. Dean and Castiel fall apart from each other, laughing.
“Fine. I hear you, Cas. I won’t be nice to anyone but you for the rest of the night.” Dean says, like the super mature adult he is. He looks away from Castiel and picks up his beer taking a long draught and wondering how to get things back on track.
“Hey, Charlie.” He signs once they part, and he kisses her on the forehead. “Hi, Kevin. Where’s Benny and Andrea?”
The water is warm and clear, Dean and Claire use scuba masks to look under the waves to look at the sea-bed. Coming up to play and splash at each other, while Jack and Castiel build a sandcastle on the beach.
“I have a phone. We’ve already been in touch with our family. So, you can use it for a few minutes.” The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a cell phone. “I was saving the battery to update my family. But you should call your people back home to let them know you’re safe.”
“That’s it, baby. You belong to me.” Ishim smirks and holds up his phone. “Take your cock in hand and look this way.”
“I, um, I did. Benny told me where he was gonna be and that I should meet up with him, ya know, to catch up and shit.” Dean rambles.
Opening up the text, his eyes fall upon the message and his happy mood evaporates. A cold washes over him, chilling every fiber of his being. His breath catches in a sharp inhale as his brain tries to process what he’d just read...
“What is it?” Claire asks, not wanting to get her hopes up but sensing some excitement in the woman’s voice.
He remembers that stolen kiss after Castiel had driven him back to the hotel. If he’d only have known that he’d be seeing him again, and soon. He would have waited. He would have done it properly, not on the back of some half-joke Castiel made. He would have pulled Castiel in close to him, brushed his thumb over the man’s cheek to make his eyes close and then…
Castiel’s eyes flicker and close, sending stray tears rolling down his face, he turns away from Dean slightly as he mutters, “Just… t-take, take them home… Dean. Take them home.”
That would give Dean plenty of time to finish his few errands and still have time to get his shit together before meeting Castiel.
“Cas, I put it off as long as I could. They wanted me to ship out in two weeks.” Dean attempts to placate his boyfriend.
Later in the afternoon, between his calls at work, Dean texts Cas. He can’t believe what a piece of shit Ishim is, how after everything he’d done to Cas, he’d still found new ways to hurt him.
Dean walks past the tents near the street, peeking in and seeing that they are set up as triage areas, he moves on, walking up the front steps of the main hospital. He weaves through the mass of people, repeatedly having to confirm that he doesn’t need treatment, he just needs to check the lists. He goes inside the hospital and takes a few minutes walking around looking at the patients hoping that just maybe he will see Cas. Maybe their eyes will meet and he’ll get to throw his arms around his husband and the search will be over. He’d hold him so tightly and pepper kisses to his face, he’d tell him how much he loves him and that Jack is safe and that it’s over now, they can go home.
It hadn’t been a particularly heated kiss, as Dean had refrained from any hint of tongue action on principle, but it had still lit his very soul on fire. He had favoured the romantic promise held in a gentle kiss, where their lips met in graceful unison as his thumb wondered the lines of Castiel’s jaw, whispering his desires for more against the man's stubble.
They enter the building and greet a few of the usuals, and wave at Ellen; they are seated and give their order - they don’t even need menus. Ellen comes over to say hello and brings a bowl of water and an extra bowl for food for Casey. Dean has a little zip-lock bag with her food in his backpack and fills her bowl. When she has finished eating, she lays next to Dean’s chair.
“I’m so sorry. Please, come with me.” The volunteer says. Her features are soft with pity and sorrow for the girl.
“Dad?” she mutters quietly to herself, not sure she believes what her eyes are seeing, but the man is moving away and the fear of him vanishing from view jolts her into action. She shouts out, loud and desperate, “DAD!?”
“Oh my...” he says, when Mick lets him go, looking thoroughly ruffled  “I- I have to run, I’m late.”
He feels his heart grow heavy, but he has to look after his son, so he cradles him in his arms, gently rocking him against his body and humming. His humming takes on the tune of ‘Stand by Me’, it was his and Cas’s wedding song, and soon the words just start to flow naturally, quiet and soothing. He remembers holding Castiel against him in a hug much like this, they had swayed together to that song at their wedding. The memory of it makes Dean’s throat feel tight and his eyes mist up...
“Oh, shit, sorry Dean.” Cas stuttered, “I - I got it. Gabe hid it from me.” His face would be burning hot if he hadn’t just been digging in the freezer.
They walk out of the house together, with Castiel making doubly sure to lock up behind him before walking down the driveway to the man’s car. He wonders what the hell he is doing, why is he helping this man who’d tried to rob him, why had he cleaned up his wound for him… Why on earth was he about to get into the man’s car and drive him home? The entire evening had left him feeling slightly fuzzy and confused. From the fear of someone being in his house to the adrenaline rush of shooting someone (even if it had been by accident) had made him feel off-balance and a little unsure of himself.
Dean looks back toward the bar, and the guy is gone. He stands and scans the room and sees him heading to the toilets. “I’m not going to ‘bump into him’ in the men’s room, Charlie.” He regrets it as soon as he signs it, he set him up to get teased - again.
Taking his other bags off his shoulder, Castiel lays his messenger on the table and the gym bag on the floor. He turns to check on Ishim and realizes that he is now standing right behind him.
“Now that I’m out of the casts Sam has promised to help me find a place to live,” Cas says, causing Dean to pause.
Dean kissed him on the forehead. “Glad to help. I was about to come give you these anyway when I got chosen. I’m pretty sure Gabe rigged the game. Are you okay that it’s me in here with you?” Dean rambled on a bit.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam speaks up getting his attention during the commercial break, “So, I know Dean probably wasn’t much help to you, but will you be alright here by yourself over the next couple of days? Dean will be at work for three days before he’s off again, so he won’t be around.”
“One is all the kid needs, most of these kids don’t need more than one. I’m watching over Sam and Cas. I’m not gonna let you get them drunk tonight.”
Cas licks across Dean’ hole, over his balls, and up his cock, kissing the tip. He crawls up the bed with his dick heavy between his legs, allowing it to drag up Dean’s leg until he reaches the perfect spot.
Dean pulls Cas’s bedroom door shut and waits in the living room for his uber to arrive. He sets an alarm on his phone for midnight.
Just as Bill reached the top, Dean remembers that he has to place the company’s sign. Everyone at the office laughed at the signs he made to go with the official sign. He had laughed and boasted, “Hey, I can’t let the bucket riders get all the attention.” Dean is quite proud of the signs that he made.
Castiel enters the kitchen and starts unpacking his dinner. “Um, I picked up some food at Chili’s, are you hungry? I don’t mind sharing with you, you know they always give big portions.”
“But you paint them so perfectly. Just like Granddad did.” Gabe tries to meet and head off his brother’s impending foul mood. Castiel always got tense when Gabe brings up trying to sell his paintings.
“DAD!” She yells. She stands up, not wanting to let go of her brother, she tugs him along with her, as she heads toward her Dad.
“You should wait until your dad comes back, so you don’t get lost. Can you hold it?” The other boy says, standing up to look about them for Dean.
He watches in awe as doctors and nurses weave through the crowd, helping severely wounded people into the hospital quickly, and settling those whose injuries are less serious into appropriate waiting areas. He wants to be like them someday, saving people, healing wounds.
The would-be thief is holding a large canvas in front of him, and all Castiel can see for a moment is the back of the painting before, somewhat comically, a pair of eyes begin to appear over the top, the most striking pair of green eyes he has ever seen and their staring right back at him.
“Deeeeaan!” She wraps her arms around his neck and hangs all her slight body weight on him. He hugs her back, smiling.
Castiel sits up and hugs Jack back, tickling his sides, “First things first,” he says smiling, “we will need a good breakfast if we plan to spend time on the beach, won’t we?”
Dean cautiously steps around the pups and sits on the floor next to Cas amongst all the rambunctious puppies. Three of them quickly pounce on him while the other four continue to attack Cas’s left shoe. Cas shakes his foot to get the puppies off and stares at the little yellow balls of fur. He watches as they play and jump around, seven energetic Labrador puppies - out of which Dean must choose one.
Mick has been interpreting for Dean since he began at the college last spring. They’ve become friends and even hang out sometimes. But Mick does have his own life, and Dean knows he doesn’t want to spend all his time with a client. Dean has his own little circle of friends as well, so things aren’t too bad.
No. Dean hadn’t thought it through that far. He stares out the front window, looking at the street for answers. His phone pings.
“Claire loves to look at the stars,” Jack said softly. Not quite meeting his dad’s gaze as though afraid that it was somehow bad to bring up his missing sister.
Castiel and Dean had been together for almost three years (and were ‘disgustingly in love’ according to Sam) before they ever talked about having kids. Finding out that they both wanted children had been a huge relief for each of them and they had then quickly started talking about how that might work. Claire and Jack have the same surrogate mother, Kelly Kline. Claire, who has recently turned eleven, is Dean’s biological daughter and Jack, who will be celebrating his seventh birthday in a couple of months, is Castiel’s biological son but it makes no difference to the dynamic of their family; they are a family, all of them, together.
She turns away from the two women, who are looking at her with increasing pity and concern, she can’t bear to look at their faces. Her eyes travel quickly over the other beds on the ward, the other injured people and she is trembling as she shouts out.
Dean refocuses on his drawing for a few more minutes. Long enough that the news finally ends and Cas gets up and walks out of the room, heading to the bathroom. Dean follows a few beats later, standing in the door, leaning on the frame with sketchbook in hand and a concerned look on his face. Cas finishes his business and rolls his eyes as Dean continues to prattle on about a minor detail that he will likely discard anyway.
All of a sudden, Castiel was on the floor, his cheek hurt and he had a coppery taste in his mouth. Feeling dazed he looked down at the floor, his hand was in the middle of the shattered glass. He saw blood oozing out from under his left hand. He lifted his hand to find a shard of glass sticking out of his palm. Just about the time, he pulled it out, he felt a sudden pain in his ribs. Castiel fell sideways against the cabinet, he could hear Ishim yelling at him.
“Goodbye, Dean, Thanks.” Cas barely gets in before Dean hangs up. Cas felt a lot better about the whole incident, he decided to do as Dean suggested and  call his lawyer to let him know about the video and the email.
Slightly stunned by Dean’s thoughtfulness Cas hands his phone over and watches as Dean adds his number in and texts himself from Cas’s phone, “So I know it’s you calling.” Dean gives a small smile.
Castiel looked up at Ishim in time to see a fist seconds before it connected with his jaw. Cas’s head hit the cabinet with a loud thud and he fell forward onto the floor and into the broken glass. He felt another sharp pain in his ribs and heard a horrible crack. Looking down his body he realized that Ishim was still wearing his boots and that he was about to kick him, again. Cas curled into himself to protect his cracked rib.
On stage, he tries to play to the crowd, but he only had eyes for one gorgeous man. He notices how Dean’s friends were getting into the show and how Dean is completely fixated on his every move - perfect.
He tugs Jack closer to his side and kisses the top of his head whispering words of love and comfort. He wishes he had his phone with him, he wants so badly to call his brother again, to hear his voice and ask him if he had heard from Castiel or Claire. Maybe they had managed to get in touch with him, maybe Sam already knew where they were but was unable to reach Dean.
Castiel squeezes Dean’s hand in his own, “What a pair we make? You thought I’d left you, I thought you’d left me… This comes back to me not trying to escape from confrontation, without saying something at the very least. As I said, Dean, I won’t make that mistake again.”
“You’re gonna like her. Everyone likes Jess.” Sam beams, pride for his girlfriend evident in his voice.
“These nice people have been washing some of the mud and… um, blood off you. See, I’m much cleaner, too. That nice lady gave me some shorts and a shirt to wear.” Claire tells her papa while pointing at one of the women surrounding him. Castiel looks over at the woman and gives her a small smile as he nods at her in appreciation.
Dean smiles, letting Castiel’s words soothe the jealousy that had begun to brew inside him, he decides that for now, he can forget about this ‘Mick’ person - they could deal with that later - together, providing, of course, that they didn’t get caught trying to steal ‘The Angel’s Heart’, “So, I may kiss the groom?” asks Dean, his tone both joking and flirty, Cas blushes and nods, his cheeks burning red as he fights the smile threatening to take over his face. Dean leaned in again, resting his body flush against Castiels, one hand wraps around Cas’ waist and the other holds the back of his neck, tilting his head slightly to the side. Dean’s soft, plump lips find Castiel’s and they both sigh into the kiss.
While they were eating and talking, Dean received a text from Sam, he pulled his phone from his pocket to look at the message.
“I’m fine. Dean. It’s my duty to keep you boys safe.” Castiel replies’ and Dean rolls his eyes and bandages Cas’s injured wrist.
Dean swallows down his nerves as he pushes back the curtain. His eyes widen with alarm at how deathly ill and small his husband looks. Castiel is lying on the bed, as still as stone. His eyes are closed, his nose and mouth are covered by an oxygen mask which is misted up by Castiel’s shallow, labored breaths. Dean can tell just by looking that his skin is white-wash pale beneath it, apart from the bruises, of which there were many; angry purple and blueish-black marks litter his skin.
Due to the number of injured people flocking to the hospitals, it takes the doctors a while to come by and examine his injuries but once they look him over they are quick to give him drugs for the pain and to fight off any infection. Castiel can’t understand what they are saying and feels very vulnerable, but he doesn’t try to stop them as they inject him with the drugs. He knows he is in a bad way and that he urgently needs help.
Castiel suddenly feels something sharp stab deeply into his lower leg, he screams in agony, which allows the valuable air he had left in his lungs to escape as a large bubble. He feels the bubble of air roll up his face, he sees the dim sunlight of the surface, but it’s blurred and fading fast - or is that him?
“I love you, too, Cas.  But don’t you dare start saying your goodbyes! I mean it, I can’t do this alone. I need you! Please… please don’t leave me?”
Sam goes to bed still smiling and Castiel falls asleep on the couch shortly after, dreaming about the fact that he has one more day before getting his cast off. He finally manages to have a night where he gets more sleep than nightmares.
Dean thinks that this, the waiting now, is possibly the hardest part. Castiel was there, right in front of him, speaking to him. He’d held his hand and heard his voice and it had filled him full of hope, like warm air filling a balloon… Only now, that air had been allowed to escape again and he had shriveled back up with fear and doubt as soon as Castiel had been taken from his sight.
A nurse comes to Castiel’s bedside and gives the family a small sorrowful smile. “The doctors are ready for him in surgery. They are going to operate on his leg.”
Dean chuckles and walks into the kitchen, “See, at least you appreciate my cooking, Sammy thinks a man can survive on salads and protein shakes.”
“Tha…” He chokes out, coughing to clear his throat. “Thank you.” He whispers to the women hovering over him. He knows they can’t understand him but he continues to thank them just the same.
Dean smiles up at him, how can anyone be so beautiful all sleep mussed, with pillow crease marks and hair sticking up in all directions? “The Leno bike is getting picked up, and there’s a new client coming in today.”
“Anything you make is fine with me.” Cas answers, “I’m just thrilled and grateful it’s not hospital food.”
Once they are all seated safely and just before the plane is set to take off, Dean uses a phone the insurance man loans him to call his brother, “Hey Sam, we’re all fine and… we’re coming home.”
Dean is entranced; he can’t move or look away. Charlie and Benny are whooping and whistling beside him.
“Better than I expected, really. But I expect that he’s hiding a lot.” Dean says sadly, shifting to look into the living room where Cas is laying. He feels a strange tightness in his chest as he looks at him and an overwhelming desire to go and wake him up, just to ask if he is ok. He shakes the thought from his mind and sets about finishing up dinner.
Castiel is humming a random tuneless song as he entered his house, only to stop short when he sees that the living room light is on. He isn’t alone, a prickling feeling of dread crawls up his neck. Cautiously, he walks further into the room.
“Sam, I didn’t mean to overhear his conversation earlier this afternoon, but I did hear part of it and it sounded bad. I think Dean may have been crying afterward.” Cas confesses awkwardly to Sam.
Cas pulls up to the hotel drop off and looks over with wide eyes at the thief sitting next to him in a stolen car that he just drove across town. Feeling somewhat ridiculous and not thinking clearly, he asks, “Now, how do I get home?”
There are people moving all around him and he tries to look around and see what is happening, but moving his head makes him dizzy so he stills and lets the women tend to him.
Ishim wraps his arm around Cas and pulls him close. “You’re forgiven, baby. Just try to be better, okay?”
“Yes, Papa.” Claire rolls her eyes and answers, “We’re in room 112. My Dads are Dean and Castiel Winchester and my little brother is Jack. I think we’re clear on everything. Can we, please, swim now?”
I just want to say a big thank you to CritterDee for letting me work on this adorable fic with her and a big thank you to everyone who read along and commented. I haven't really replied to readers’ comments as it is mainly Dee's fic and I felt it was better to leave those comments for her. But I've read all of them and am very happy people have enjoyed reading this story.
“Papa, they’re taking us to a hospital,” Claire tells him. He tries to give her a smile but he is just in too much pain so he just holds her hand, squeezing it to let her know that he understands.
. He holds her to his chest, his tired arms fighting to keep her close as he continues shielding her as much as possible with his own body. Miraculously, he makes it back to the surface with his daughter in tow. They are still being swept along by the force of the water, clinging to one another with fearful expressions.
Castiel faintly scratches his fingernails through the trimmed hairs on Dean’s crotch and against the sensitive skin there, smirking as Dean’s breath hitches against the building intensity of sensation. They have been together for so long, that Castiel is an expert at navigating his way around Dean’s body. He knows where to pay more attention to and what to avoid. He knows each and every button that lies just beneath the surface of Dean’s skin and presses them confidently, knowing he’ll be able to fine-tune Dean’s song so that he will soon be singing in ecstasy.
Ishim (Wednesday 3:27 pm) > Hello Castiel. You need to know that what has happened is your fault. I met a wonderful young lady named Jess. She is with me now. If you don’t come home unpleasant things will happen to her
“Um, it’s my business to know that sort of thing, Mr. Novak. If I frightened you, I’m sorry. I honestly, thought you would be attending the charity event with him tonight. Big social event like that, big family name such as yours,” he says, keeping his hands up by his head, he ducks around a chair trying to get out from in front of the gun being pointed at him, “Listen, you frightened me too, so we’re even, right? So... I’ll just go.”  He backs away slowly. Cas’ eyes follow his movements, his hand raising the gun again to keep him in his sights.
’ Castiel slowly crawls closer to the man as the man sits up, gripping his arm. The man pulls his hand away, and there is blood on his palm.
Ishim rubs his hand under Castiel’s belly to his dick. “Aw, you didn’t come. Do you wanna come, Cas?”
Cas smiles gratefully at Dean, “Yes thank you, Sam and I were just talking about that. I think I’ll be fine. I have Sam’s number.”
“Oh, he was there. He was there with his boyfriend.” Dean can feel the anger and humiliation and fear and confusion, fighting for dominance in his mind.
After lunch, they all go in for an afternoon rest. Casey obediently lays on her bed in the corner of the room. Dean and Cas cuddle on the bed. Cas attempts to restart where they were interrupted earlier, but Dean is more tired than he wants to admit and he falls asleep.
“Well, Benny mentioned you askin’ after the boy. That’s all.” Bobby grunts when Dean balks at the subject of Castiel.
It takes a few minutes, pushing other branches and debris out of their way, but they make it to the fallen tree and Castiel gently pushes Claire forwards so she can grab hold, and then comes to rest beside her. He lays his head against the cool trunk of the tree and closes his eyes for a moment as he tries to catch his breath and take stock of their situation. He pulls his daughter close and tells her over and over how much he loves her.
“That’s a call, Cas. I gotta let you go. Feel free to text me, I may not get it right away but I’ll respond when I can. Bye Cas.”
Cas looks over at Claire when he hears her open the soda can, she takes a drink and hands it to him. He takes a small drink and hands it back to her, he can tell by the look on her face that she wants to argue. Likely to say something along the lines of ‘that he needs it more’ but he cuts her off with a shake of his head and lays back down against the rough bark of the tree. He can feel Claire watching over him as he rests.
The 4th of July rolls in with a bang. Both families go together to watch the city’s fireworks display. The giant, colorful circles are mirrored beautifully on the river, and the whole show is backed by the local symphony playing in the River Market pavilion, which is piped through the speakers along the boardwalk. Dean and Cas sneak off while the families are watching the show. Sitting on the hood of Dean’s dad’s car, they can't hear the music as well from the parking lot, but they can still see the lights in the sky. They make out under the flickering lights of the fireworks.
The road is rough and full of potholes and debris and the truck bounces around wildly, it jars Castiel, aggravating his injuries. He does his best not to cry out with the pain, holding it in and gritting his teeth as he endures. He won’t add any more to his daughter's distress, no matter how bad it hurts...
kiss still lingered hauntingly. Had that really just happened? Was he dreaming? He thinks back over everything that had occurred during the evening. It somehow seemed like he had met the thief, no, Dean, so long ago and yet, in reality, it had been only a couple of hours.
“Well, what do you know, it actually worked. They turned off the alarm.” Dean says sounding and looking somewhat stunned.
We hope you are enjoying the story so far, please drop a comment to let us know. Thank you for reading <3
Castiel did all the cleaning, he cooked nine times out of ten, he tended their tiny garden patch, he did it all… Yes, Ishim had a well-paid job, but he worked his own full-time job, so how exactly had this happened? He’d become a put upon housewife… without even noticing. Purely because he was scared of what would happen if Ishim got angry with him.
“I’m okay. I just need to catch my breath,” Dean grits out, hissing through his teeth to fight back the pain, “Will you tell ’em I’m back?”
“I know! And look!” says Gabriel excitedly, “To the untrained eye, they’re indistinguishable. The only clue is that yours has not been signed. Like I’ve said before, you could sell these for quite the price.”
“It’s a funny feeling,” Dean nods, still flabbergasted that it really worked.  “Ready for phase two?”
Dean watched Cas from across the room. Cas was smiling from ear to ear. Seeing Cas so happy made Dean feel happy, too.
Dean’s eyes fly open when he feels the hand, his fingers are wrapped around twitch, his gaze snaps back up to his husband’s beautiful face and his heart stops when he hears the dry, raspy tone of Castiel’s voice...
your take-out? Where the hell have you been?” Ishim growls, glaring dangerously at Castiel. Isham wasn’t actually that much taller than Castiel but at times like this, which were sadly becoming increasingly more frequent, he had a way of making Castiel feel about two feet tall and himself seem like a giant towering over him.
Thursday afternoon, Castiel cooks several chicken breast and hamburger patties to make himself some quick meals for the week ahead. When he leaves for work, he finds a note on his front door.
Christmas morning, Dean and Cas wake up first and go to the kids’ rooms and start teasing them and tickling them to wake them up. They have gifts for each of them to unwrap and plan a fun day down at the pool.
Cas (Wednesday 7:48 PM) No. I’m staying here for now. I need time to heal and to think about things. Please don’t call or text me. I’m okay, really. I just need to be here for a little while.
Dean was happy for Cas, he was out of the casts and he knew how much they had bothered him, but now he was already talking about leaving, moving out... and for some reason, that made Dean inexplicably sad but he didn't want to ruin Castiel's joy at being out of the casts, so he didn't mention it.
Dean stares at his daughter, mouth dropping open in surprise as hundreds of thoughts fly across his mind.
Dean nods numbly and the pain rushes through his scalp, suddenly he feels light-headed and has to sit down. The man kneels beside him, concerned. Dean looks up at the man with pleading eyes and a serious expression, “I need to ask you something… If... if anything happens to me, will you, will you please keep my boy safe? Will you make sure he gets home, to my brother… Sam. Make sure he gets to Sam Winchester. Please?”
Just as Cas is rushing out to meet Dean, there is a knock at the door. He opens the door to find Mick standing there, dressed in a fine tailored suit looking quite suave.
Dean sniffs and straightens up, calming himself down enough so that he can speak to Sam again, properly.
“I think another hour or so, thereabouts.” says Cas sympathetically as he glances at his watch, “Why don’t you try and get some sleep?”
“I’m fine, Sammy. He just pisses me off so bad. I think I broke my lamp.” Dean confesses with a shrug.
Cas had deadbolted the door behind Sam, then got back into bed and turned on the TV to have some background noise while he reads one of the books that Sam brought him. The house feels too quiet, even with the TV on, without Dean here during the day. Cas is a little bit jumpy and his ears perk up at every noise outside, every time he hears anything that sounds like a car door he freezes and stares at the front door.
He turns to her and she sees the cut on his chest, blood staining his torso. “You’re bleeding so bad.”
Cas’s eyes go wide until realizes that he knows those lips, he knows this kiss, his heart sores as he looks into the man’s eyes, Dean’s eyes. Cas sinks into the kiss and they enjoy a brief but heated moment before Dean takes his hand and leads him out the back door.
“Oh that’s right, I didn’t even think about the time difference. Hey, How ‘bout we go to facetime and I show you our home away from home?” Dean offers.
Cas speeds up and gives a little twist, catching the tip of them as he pumps and gently squeezes them together.
“I know you can get around in the house, but there are steps and no walls to lean on outside.” Dean counters as he closes the front door behind him.
“How can your gaydar be so bad?” Charlie asks. “You’re so gay, I’m surprised you aren’t afraid of women.”
“Hi Cain, I’m Charlie, and this big lug is Benny.” Charlie reaches in front of Dean with an outstretched hand towards Castiel.
“I received some good news today. Jess is coming back from working overseas with Doctors Without Borders. She’s been gone six weeks and I’ve really missed her.” Sam has been dating Jessica Moore for the past two years. She is a nurse and works at a retirement home in town, she has been working with Doctors Without Borders for the past three years and takes one trip each year.
“I’m a man of action. I once bought out an entire company on a whim. Best investment in my career.” Mick boasts, as he takes the box back from Castiel and pulls the ring from it. He slips the box into his pocket and takes Castiel’s hand in his sliding the ring on to Castiel’s finger- completely missing the wild look of panic in Cas’ face.
They spoke in unison and both chuckled lowly. Just then the waitress came to take their drink order.
“Dean,” growls Cas heatedly, as he opens his eyes once more to concentrate on winning his battle with the lock, “I can’t focus when you do that, and unless you want to do this on the front step…”
Cas thrusts into the mattress trying to reach his climax. Ishim slaps him across the back of his head.
“I’ve been working doubles for the past two months to save up enough to replace this POS. Don’t give me that look of disgust.” Castiel laughs and shoves Dean toward the passenger side. Dean snickers and gets into the car, immediately telling Castiel about his own car and begins to wax poetic about her beauty.
“Don’t you bitch at me. I need something to look at when I’m at work. Nothing better than pictures of my sexy boyfriend.”
Cas was completely lost in thought for the ride home; his fingers drifted up to touch his lips absently from time to time, where the echo of
He is pulled from his thoughts and back to reality when he hears someone yelling for their dad, he turns on the spot. His eyes darting quickly over the many faces in the crowd as he tries to pinpoint the source of the noise, he looks across the street and his mouth drops open in shock. His eyes widen, then blink rapidly as though disbelieving what his brain is telling him is true...
“Oh please, I got them big enough that they will fit over your clothes. That way we don’t leave anything behind.”
“Goodnight, little angel,” says Castiel fondly, as he and Dean stand side by side next to their son’s bed, “have a good sleep. Lots of fun things to do tomorrow.”
Claire gags, suddenly turning away again to throw up. She heaves painfully and brings up her sorrow on the ground beside her.
Cas likes the look and feel of the midsize SUVs, and figures they’re more sturdy and safer than the car he had before. Although, he’s not sure how anything would stand up to a rollover accident.
The man carefully opens his jacket to show him that he isn’t carrying a weapon, “No,” he steps closer, “See no weapons. I’m unarmed.”
“Dean, that’s all great. And I’m grateful for everything you do for me. But, you need to take a little time for yourself. Enjoy life a little. You’re only seventeen, not seventy. At least come have fun at Cas’s party, okay?”
After dinner, they drive back to the car lot and pick up Cas’s new Highlander. Cas rides back with Sam, wishing he could drive. Cas looks over at Sam, he was glad that dinner had gone well. He is also relieved that he and Sam are alright around each other. Hating the thought that Ishim could have ripped them apart and ruined their friendship with his horrible actions. Sam is such a good man, Cas is happy to have him back in his life.
Dean still having a bit of a hard time and swallows around the dryness in his mouth and throat, “Me too,” he manages, “Um, you looked amazing up there just now.”
Cas lets Dean walk him to his bedroom, he gets into bed, and Dean leans down to kiss him. Dean finishes getting dressed and combs Cas’s hair off his forehead with his fingers.
Regretfully, she walks away from his bed. Mentally mapping her way so she can get back to him as quickly as possible. She remembers that there is a table with water bottles near the stairs, so she heads that way, weaving gracefully through the thronging crowds of people. When she makes it to the table, she reaches out for a water bottle and her eyes glimpse a flash of color over the banister, she narrows her gaze to focus on the people on the floor below. There are so many people, but her eyes seek out the bright colors that had caught her attention. Her breath catches in her throat as she spots a man, wearing the same ugly swimming trunks her dad had been wearing, walking away from her on the level below.
Despite his worries for his family, Dean felt grateful to the people of Khao Lak. It was strangers that had offered him food for himself and his son, it was strangers that had wrapped his head in bandages, people he didn’t know and had no way of repaying had helped him. It was awe-inspiring how people had come together, how they had rushed in, sometimes putting themselves at risk to aid others. He hopes he will get the chance to tell Castiel about the amazing acts of kindness he was witnessing.
“Dude, if we don’t hear from you by Monday, Bill knows his address, right?” Charlie squawks. “Should we send a search party?”
Dean looks through the small window in the door as they take Castiel further into the room. He stands there, mouth slack, body numb and he doesn’t move again until they are out of sight.
Before she makes up her mind, a voice breaks through her thoughts and brings her rocketing back into the moment…
“Well then, temporarily you’ll have to go straight.” Cas grins, and the man grins back.  “Look, it’s late, and I’m tired.”
Dean drops his phone on the seat and sighs. He thanks all the phone and internet gods for the power of texting, because he would never have made it through that conversation if he had to use spoken words.
Castiel’s jaw drops for a moment, before he shakes his head, “My, my. You are doing well, aren’t you?”
Sam was texting Cas and gave him Dean’s answer, hoping that Gabe had more gas in his car for the extra trip.
Dean’s not bothered by people he is seeing flirting with others but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t have issues. His isn’t being jealous, but being left behind. Everyone he had ever connected with - had left him. He’d always been the one who’d fought for something that apparently wasn’t mutual and had then been left standing there alone, feeling stupid and worthless. Even his brother had left him to run off to college and hadn’t that stung like a bitch.
As he is careened around in the unforgiving water, he feels the burning pain in his chest from lack of oxygen. He fights his way through the thickening wreckage to the surface for air.
He sees his daughter look at the woman who had leaned over to help her and nod her head shakily in thanks. He feels a rush of gratitude towards the woman, for helping her. He can’t see her back, but Claire’s legs from what he can tell only have superficial scratches on them.
Dean swallows hard and tries to remain calm enough to greet the man. “Hey,” is all he can say without his voice cracking.
Castiel removes his fingers from Dean’s mouth and down to between his legs, he circles Dean’s hole, wetting it before sliding a finger inside him. Dean arches up off the bed, groaning and squirming as Castiel stretches him carefully around his finger, soon adding a second. Castiel lavishes this tormenting attention on to Dean for another few minutes, listening to Dean’s breathy pants and fighting the urge to touch his own straining cock. Only when Dean is writhing beneath him, clearly beginning to lose control and ever so slightly starting to thrust himself into Castiel’s mouth, does Castiel finally pull away. His cheeks are flushed pink and his eyes are dark with longing.
“Well guys, I’m keeping dinner simple with spaghetti and salad. Y’all read to eat?  ‘Cause this is ready to put on the table.” Dean addresses Sam and Cas.
Jack smiles sadly up at him, “Love you too, dad. I wish Claire and papa were here too. I want to go home!”
Until he hears another noise, it sounds like someone bumping into something. He feels the hairs on his neck prickle unpleasantly. There is definitely someone in the house. Castiel’s heart is racing as he strains his neck toward his bedroom door, listening carefully to make sure he’s not imagining things. He doesn’t hear anything, but now he’s too wound up to stay put. Quietly, he climbs down from his bed and tip-toes out of his room, he crosses the landing and slips through an open door into the office where the gun safe is kept. He takes out a pistol and loads it as silently as he can with his shaking fingers.
The injury to his leg and the puncture wound to his chest cause Castiel to scream out in pain when the man begins to pull on him. He tries to stop, he knows Claire is nearby and can see him. He doesn’t want her to worry about him, but it’s too much. He has never felt anything like it before. His chest feels hot and sharp, as though there is a spear impaling him and making it hard to breathe. The wound on his leg feels massive, he imagines the pain would be similar to that if someone had taken a cheese grater to the area and just scraped at him until there was nothing left but bone.
“I’m not shy. I literally can’t talk, dork. Besides, very few hearing even try to sign,” Dean signs sadly, then looks around and back at Charlie. “Why are you so worried about me hooking up? Why aren’t you chasing some skirt?”
’ Dean thinks, how come he can’t control his face? “Mind your own business and drive. The house is on the next block.” Dean deliberately doesn’t look at Benny as he speaks, he doesn’t need to, he can feel his idiot friends smug smile lighting up the cab from where he is sitting without visual confirmation.
Claire and her dad slam into each other, and Dean grasps her in his arms, picking her up and hugging her to his chest, as Jack stands beside them, wiping his tears from his face. Dean cries as he holds his little girl, kissing her tear-stained face and silently thanking whatever God might be listening for bringing her back to him. Jack comes up and holds onto Dean’s waist.
The door finally opens, and Castiel laughs as he stumbles inside with Dean firmly gripping his hips. He closes the door behind them and turns to face Dean, pressing him against the door as he attacks Dean’s mouth. His fingers threading through Dean’s hair. Both giving as good as they get, neither wanting the kiss to end. Castiel traces one hand down Dean’s arm and laces their fingers together. Stepping back, he tugs Dean to follow him. Dean doesn't hesitate and allows Castiel to lead him to his bedroom.
At one point in class, the instructor tells Dean to lay on the floor. He’s done this before, but Cas has never experienced it, so it’s hard for Dean not to be excited. Dean lays on the floor and is unresponsive to Casey’s attention. She whimpers, licks, and gently paws at him - he ignores it all, laying still with his eyes closed. Casey rears up and lands her front paws against his neck and yowls, but Dean continues to ignore her. She lays down and nuzzles her nose against his chest and huffs, nudging him. Suddenly, she jumps up and runs over to Cas, growling and sneezing doggy huffs at him as she prances around his feet to get his attention. She barks and bites his pants, pulling at him until he moves toward Dean. She yips and leads the way, running back and forth checking on Dean and hurrying Cas. When Cas kneels beside Dean, Casey lays down against Dean’s legs with her head on his thigh and watches Cas rouse Dean. The exercise is over when Dean sits up and praises Casey. Cas gives her a treat and scratches behind her ears.
“Gabe, Gabe, no, I don’t, Gabe…” Cas whispered his pleas as he was shoved into a closet and the door was partially closed.
Cas looks down at his hands, feeling a confusing mix of guilt and irritation, “Okay,” he replies softly.
Dean waits a few moments, spending the time his new favorite way, kissing Cas, he almost gets too lost in it. The feel of the other man pressed against him, the feeling of his lips against Deans, the soft moan that Castiel lets out when Dean presses his teeth lightly against his lower lip before releasing it.
“Well, first off, by being there for you. I want to be there for you whenever you need or want me.” Dean gives Cas a small smile which fades quickly. “I know I wasn’t there for you like I should have been in the past. Another thing is my flirting. Cas, I’m so sorry for being such an ass and flirting with people right in front of you. That was inexcusable. I had the best thing in the whole world and I risked losing it to be able to flash a wink at some random waitresses? How stupid am I? There’s no reason for me to flirt with anyone else when I have you in my life.
“I don’t … no, no nothing looks familiar. Neither of those is my papa’s ring, and he didn’t have a watch on.”
The colossal wall of water crashes over the trees and buildings and swamps the swimming pool area. It swallows Dean and Jack right before Castiel’s eyes.
During his dinner break, Dean thinks about calling Cas. But, when did they start doing that? Typically when Dean was at work they didn’t text or call, unless Cas had an emergency of some sort and that only happened once. Well once before today’s text from Cas. But this morning was a kind of emergency, wasn’t it. He couldn’t just call Cas out of the blue, that would be weird. Texting him to see if he is doing okay might be acceptable.
Castiel hadn’t imagined that the closet would be this tiny, he can feel the cold wall against his back and then Dean’s warmth pressing in close to his front. Dean bumps into Cas as he digs in his pocket, pulling out a small flashlight, it lights up the tiny room enough that they are not in the pitch dark.  Cas looks up into Dean’s eyes as one of the man’s feet knocks gently against one of his, while he tries to find a comfortable position.
Dean turns to Cas and places a hand on his shoulder, “Anything else you want, we can come get once you find a place to live. I mean, I’m just guessing you don’t want to stay here.”
After Sam leaves, he lets Cas know via a text message that he doesn’t notice any cars on the street, that could be Ishim’s, as Cas had shyly asked him to check.
On Wednesday, he needed to go pick up some groceries, so he did that on the way back after work. Once home, he put his purchases away and crashed in bed by eleven, completely exhausted. Lately, he’d been working extra shifts six days a week, only off on Sundays. He’s trying to save up to buy a new car. His old one is on it’s way out and won’t last him much longer.
“Eyes closed, Cas, no peeking. This time everyone closes their eyes. This is a special spin for the honor of seven minutes with the birthday boy!”
“You’re not doing anything wrong, Cas. Everything you’re doing is soooo right. I just want you to stop worrying so much and get up here.”
Dean nods and finishes his cereal with one last large mouthful, “Yeah, this is the first time I’ve ever had a patient end up at my house though. Talk about bringing your work home with you.” Dean chuckles, “Kinda weird.”
Castiel moves into position, his eyes watery as he waits for Ishim to start. Just repeating to himself mentally, ‘it’ll be over soon’.
“Me too! Daddy, I wanna give Papa a kiss, too.” Jack exclaims and Dean smiles as he lifts him so he can kiss his papa, too.
He watches the man don safety gear and attach spikes to his boots. He stares openly as the man bends to tighten the gear. Castiel is still gawking wide-eyed when the man stands up and winks at him before turning to begin his climb up the pole.
“Cas, it’s okay if you kiss me back, “ Dean whispered and leaned back in for another kiss. This time cas kisses him back.
The pups tire of the two men when they stop petting them and trot off to the edges of the surround; lapping at the water or curling up on the blankets. Dean and Cas watch the puppies, Dean leans against Cas and places his hand on his thigh, and Cas wraps an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Cas jerked the tub of ice cream and whacked his head on the lid of the freezer, then stumbles back, right into Dean’s arms.
Dean sees her eyes drop to the faces of his children before looking back up to him, she steps away and Dean puts Jack down to follow her.
Dean scrubs his face with his hands and lets out a deep sigh. “Forget it. I’m sorry, I said anything.” he sounded bitter, and it was clear to Castiel that his walls had gone up.
After lunch, they take a boat out to go diving out at the nearby coral reef. The whole family enjoys diving down beneath the surface to watch the fishes and sea life. There are many beautiful creatures living under the water that they have never seen before and they point and nudge each other to ensure no one misses anything.
They both ordered burgers, Dean ordered onion rings and Cas ordered steak fries. They thanked the waitress and she turned to leave but not before giving Cas a wink.
“Oh, yes, it is.” Cas says as strongly as his fear will let him, he pales as another thought pops into his mind, “A-are you armed?” The man just stares at him for a moment. “Do you have a gun?” Cas asks more firmly.
Dean took Cas’s face in his hands and leaned in slowly. Their lips met and Dean’s eyes close, but Cas’s open wide. He doesn’t want to miss this, he needed to be sure it was real and not a dream.
Dean looks smug as he rolls the painting loosely around the inside edges of a mop bucket and then covers the sides with a couple of dusting clothes so that the back of the painting is facing out and the picture side is hidden against the bucket wall...
I could not have finished this without the help of three very special people - you know who you are <3 <3 <3
“You don’t have to explain yourself, for feeling happy, Dean. I love how you engage with them, you’re a wonderful father. Just like I knew you would be.” Cas leans close and gives Dean a chaste kiss, “You guys go on ahead, I’ll catch up.”
Claire’s stomach growls and reminds her that she hasn’t eaten since the previous day. Feeling miserable, she winds her way back to the children’s tent to get something to eat. She sits alone at a table in the tent and slowly chews on some fruit, the movements of her jaw are automatic. She distantly registers the taste of orange in her mouth but her mind can’t seem to settle on anything other than a little boy, sitting alone across the room. He can’t be much older than her own younger brother, Jack. His face is pale and a little scratched, his eyes look puffy as though he has recently been crying, or unable to sleep. But he looks relatively calm and focussed as he colors.
“Fine, you know what? Let’s uber this bitch, ‘cause I ain’t gonna be DD for you boys.” Charlie decides. “I’ll call for a car and pick you two idiots up on the way.”
Cautiously, she untangles herself from her papa and clambers down from the bed. Leaning over the top end of the bed she kisses her papa’s cheek and tells him she's going to look for water but will be back soon.
On his way out, he grabs his keys, wallet, and phone. He stares at the black screen of his phone. He remembers Cas’s texts. He remembers Cas standing hand-in-hand with another man. His headache returns.
Dean grins widely and pulls Castiel in more firmly, he kisses him even more deeply and his fingers wind themselves into Castiel’s hair. The light from the flashlight glints off Cas’s ring catching Dean’s eye, he sighs looking down at it.
He stops in the courtyard after class when he sees the little calico cat. He watches the cat bat at a flower and roll in the grass. Smiling, he kneels down to pet him. The cat suddenly leaps up and runs to the bench, where someone just sat. Dean looks over at the seat to see why the cat left him. His breath catches when he sees who is seated there, petting his little friend.  It’s the hot guy from the Roadhouse last week. He watches them for a moment before his brain kicks into gear and he walks over to the bench, motioning to the empty half of the seat in silent question. The man acknowledges by smiling and nodding. Dean sits, reaching over to scratch the cat behind the ears.
“Well, I’ve had a long day, and I’m going to head on up to paint for a while before it gets too late. Will you be staying in tonight?”
Dean grins and wraps his arm around Cas’s waist and Cas throws his good arm around his neck as Dean assists him down the steps.
He squinted, trying to focus his tired eyes on the ‘thing’ he was sure had moved. Claire turned her head around to follow his gaze.
“What’s got you grinnin’ like a damn fool?” Benny asks as they drive to the location of the latest call.
They had had a discussion last month about Benny moving in with his girlfriend, Andrea. Dean just isn't ready to break in a new housemate.
“Cas!?” He sniffs, his body shuddering as it tries to take in a breath. His chest is tight as he cries, tears flowing freely down his face, “Cas! Claire! Please?”
Dean climbs the stairs to the second level, his legs moving of their own accord and walks through one of the wards of the hospital checking bed to bed before he goes to search the long list of names. His eyes travel from bed to bed on an overflowing ward, he takes in the sight of every man, woman and child, every grotesque injury, each of the few hauntingly empty beds. His legs are tried and his eyes are worse, worn out from squinting at barely legible scribbles on patient charts but he pushes on. Something, way down deep in his core, forces one foot in front of the other, it keeps his eyes scanning the sickly faces of the injured, it keeps him going.
Cas had to stop and think about that, he’d been so enthralled with the feeling of Dean’s arm and body so close that he had barely heard what he was saying.
Dean stared at the back door of the house, “He sure has matured, has he been hiding all that under those sweaters all this time?”
Castiel hears his daughters gasp as she realizes what is happening barely thirty feet away from them. She turns back to her papa, with tears of fear in her eyes. He holds her closely into his chest, shielding her from seeing what was happening behind her. The loud splashing is soon accompanied by a blood-curdling ripping sound, as cloth and flesh is torn apart. Breathing in deeply to calm his nerves Castiel flicks his gaze over Claire's head and back toward the shark and corpse.
“One minute past nine. Now we know. They make their rounds hourly.” Dean wait a few minutes to make sure all the guards are back in the security office.
Kevin greets Dean with a big smile and signs as he talks. “I think they decided to play house tonight.”
Cas hasn’t checked his messages in a couple of days, not since the weekend really. He knows he has several unopened and takes a deep breath as he prepares to look through them. He opens his phone and begins to read through them, one by one....
Cas takes Dean’s hand as they walk to the door of the restaurant, “Not much. Went to the market, picked up a few things we were low on… I really just wandered around for most of the time, looking at the different stalls.” Cas in no way wants to let Dean know that he was feeling low and jealous of Dean’s time with the people at the school. Dean is in a wonderful mood and has had a great morning, Cas loves to see Dean in such good spirits.
Cas pulls out his phone and shows sam the texts from Ishim. “I haven’t replied. I don’t want him to know where I am, but I think I should let him know I’m alive at least. What do you think? Should I message him, what should I say?”
“Trust me, gorgeous, with all the commotion going on out there, the guards will be running around everywhere,
Ishim had sent this to ‘several’ of his coworkers, Victor had said. Cas felt mortified, ashamed, devastated. How was Ishim still hurting him even after being arrested?
“Claire?” he murmurs after the long stretch of silence, she looks up at him, “are you hurt anywhere that I can’t see?”
Dean sits back on the hard roof and closes his eyes. There is no way he can even imagine his life without Cas in it. He presses the heels of his hands to his eyes and fights back the tears. The grief floods through him as he remembers the first time they met.
The man looks at the paper and agrees with a grin. Castiel goes back to the front porch and sits on the step to watch the man on the pole work. It’s amazing to watch the man practically hanging up there with so high with what seems to be very little safety gear, although Castiel assumes the gear he put on must be enough. He sits there for a while, until he feels the tiredness in his bones, finally going back inside to get more sleep.
Dean blushes; the man doesn’t seem to remember him. “Thanks, you too,” Dean signs. He reaches out and scratches the cat’s head once more before he stands to leave, waving at the man as he turns to go.
He feels dizzy, and angry with himself for being so careless with his own wellbeing when Jack is nearby and depending on him. It takes him some time to climb out of the hole while trying to keep hold of the flashlight. The sides are steep and slippery with waterlogged earth and his head is pounding painfully.
When, once again, no response comes he crumples in despair to his knees and weeps. He doubles over, bending until his forehead is resting against the cold, damp metal of the rooftop. One hand is opened, clawing against the metal, the other tightens into a fist and bangs down in frustration as he calls out again, more to himself, more to any God that might be listening than to the area around him.
Cas smiles even though he knows Dean can’t see him, “Yeah, I am. Thank you, Dean.” Castiel isn’t sure what it is about Dean but just talking to him really helped. The fact that Dean only cared about cheering him up, the fact that he hadn’t asked Cas what was on the video or why the hell he’d let Ishim film him in the first place. There was no judgment from him at all, only concern. Castiel felt emotional for a whole different reason now, but it wasn’t cold humiliation or burning anger… it was a warm - something. A warm something that filled him up and almost brought him back to tears. There was a mix of gratitude and something else that he couldn’t quite put his finger on, all he knew was, Dean made him feel better.
He lays the phone next to his leg on the bench seat. Folding his arms across the top of the steering wheel, he presses his face on his forearm. His phone buzzes again. He doesn’t look. He knows it’s from Cas. He’s not ready to see what Castiel has to say.
“The next thing is… I was talking to Sam today and it hit me like a ton of bricks. I just suddenly understood why you don’t like me flirting. I know what you had to put up with before, with your ex but I didn’t think about how it might affect you now. I was a damn fool not to work it out sooner. I’m sorry, Cas. I was an ass. I was letting you think that I didn’t care about you when that couldn’t be further from the truth. I really do, I care about you so damn much.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean greets him when he walks away from the dealer back to Dean’s car, “How ‘bout we take a break and go get something to eat.”
He lowers his hand down, deliberately passes Dean’s now fully erect cock and finds his balls, he begins to massage them whilst grazing his teeth along Dean’s flesh. Shifting to one side after a few moments, so that he can work his mouth down Dean’s collarbone all the way down to his chest while still paying tortuously slow and tormenting attention to his balls. He finds one of those hard nubs on Dean’s chest and sucks it into his mouth, orbiting around it with his tongue.
“Because I do worry about my best bud. I have no trouble hooking up. But you have been single too long.” Charlie reminds him. “Since… dude, since Aaron. Am I right?”
“Thank you, doctor, I’m so glad to have those casts off. It’s been a hell of a few weeks trying to get around. I was lucky enough to have a couple of friends who have been there to help me.”
Cas tries to pretend to be still asleep, but Dean’s light touches on his side tickle. Cas grabs Dean’s hand and presses their hands together, flat against his ribs. Cas kisses the top of Dean’s head, “Mornin’” he replies. “What’s booked for today?”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas and kisses down his neck, his breath hot against Cas’s skin. He slides his hands inside Cas’s jeans and gripped his ass, causing the pressure between their hips to increase. The weight of Cas on him feels perfect. He spreads his legs so that Cas fits between them and he pushes down on the waistband of Cas’s pants, wanting - no needing them off.
Castiel puts on a show for Ishim, totally ignoring the phone in his hand, he assumes Ishim is taking pictures of him again. Cas hates it when he takes pictures of him in compromising situations, but he has learned not to say anything. So he begins, jerking himself and fondling his balls, moaning like a porn star because it really does feel good to finally feel his orgasm so close. After a few strokes, he forgets all about Ishim watching and stares at the wall over Ishim’s shoulder and enjoys pleasuring himself. He forces himself to stay upright when his climax hits and he cries out as he comes all over his hand and on the hardwood floor.
Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, freezing as he touches the scar on the side of Cas’s head. He pauses for a moment, gently turning Castiel’s head to the side to part his hair and look at the scar. Guilt threatens to flood his system at the sight of it, but Cas catches his eyes and shakes his head. He leans forward, kissing Dean’s cheek tenderly, “I’m sorry” whispers Dean as Castiel pulls back again.
Cas is excitedly talking about the SUVs that he likes and the ones that they test drove - well Cas drove it around the lot a little. Then Dean took it off the lot and gave it a good test drive since Cas is still not supposed to drive. He had whittled down the choices until there were only two vehicles left and now they were talking about going back to look at them again.
Dean hands Cas the bucket and tells him to hide just out of sight and wait for the cleaning crew who should be arriving within minutes. Before Dean leaves to hide elsewhere, Cas reaches up and cups Dean’s face in his hands and kisses him tenderly.
Dean meets with the new client and calls Cas in for his view on the artistic section of the conversation. He never interviews a new client without Cas’s input. Once they have the overview and main ideas decided, they end the meeting and bid farewell to the client. The next steps take at least a couple of weeks as the team puts their heads together to come up with the perfect chopper for the new client.
But his heart shattered into a thousand pieces as his eyes fell on the man holding Castiel's hand. He was looking at Castiel with the same expression that Castiel use to look at Dean. That longing, that joy...
Dean watches the boys play together, using sticks as ‘action figures’ to keep themselves entertained. He marvels at how children seem to have a special way of dealing with the stress and strain of hard times, an uncanny way of finding joy in the most imaginative ways. Once again he finds himself wishing that he could spare Jack from having to go through all this horror. If only he could wave his hands and make it all go away.
Cain moves in sinuous motions, flexing as he slips out of his shirt and after a few moves he tosses his hard hat behind him on the stage. He climbs the pole hand over hand to the top then holds himself straight out from the pole before slowly bringing himself down and humping against it. Moving continuously to the music. He does a backflip and gently rolls his whole body against the floor, grinding his hips to the music. Kicking off his boots as he stands and slowly unzipping his jeans, letting them slide to his ankles and does a handstand to kick them off, then he gyrates wearing only a small green g-string.
Soon the couple is moaning together, breathing into each other’s mouths as the need for air begins to outweigh the need to seal their lips together. They pant against each other's skin, as Castiel fucks into his husband wildly, the building need for release grows stronger. Dean’s hands rise up and grab at Castiel’s hips, reaching around to grip on his ass, Dean squeezes and tugs him deeper, groaning out loudly.
It used to be that when they traveled Dean would always sit in the aisle seat (away from the window), but now that they have children - a miracle he barely believes is real some days - things are different. Jack is much more likely to need the toilet during the flight than Claire and since Dean is always glued to his seat from take-off to landing, Castiel will have to be the one to go to the toilet with their son. Castiel had also taken into account when booking that Dean hates flying and made sure he was seated next to him just in case he began to get worked up. Which left Claire with the window seat, something which, luckily, she seemed to be very pleased about.
Dinner had been pleasant, Castiel had made stir fry which is one of Ishim’s favorites. They talked and even held hands during dinner, Ishim kissing Castiel’s knuckles, which made Castiel’s heart flutter with hope. It reminded him of when they had first started dating.
“You hungry?” Cas asks, and that gets the attention of Dean and Casey, both of them perk up and look over at Cas, “Yeah, thought so. You go feed Casey, and I’ll order something.” Cas knows that much of the time Dean’s attitude is tied closely to his stomach, a hungry Dean is a grumpy Dean. That’s why on any outing they have, Cas packs snack bars and water; he also makes sure Dean has some bars in his own backpack.
“Thank you,” then turning back to look at Castiel, he realizes by the look on his face that he’d just heard his name,  “Oh crap, now I’ve done it. Now you know my name,” he says looking directly into Cas’s eyes, “but I have a funny feeling, and that’s something rare in my profession, but I feel that you’re completely trustworthy.”
Mick greets the professor and takes his place at the front of the room so Dean can see him. Mick waits as the students get settled, and the professor gets his things prepared. When things are about to begin, he taps Dean’s arm and signs to him, “Are you ready?” Dean nods and watches Mick and the professor.
Dean groans in approval as Castiel takes his cock into his mouth and sucks on the head of it, swirling his tongue around the sensitive skin there. Castiel lowers himself further over Dean until he has taken most of Dean’s length into his mouth, his head bobs up and down as he sucks and teases, his mouth making obscene wet sucking noises. His free hand mouths up to Dean’s mouth and he taps suggestively against Dean’s lips with two fingers, encouraging Dean to suck on them. Dean parts his plump lips and as soon as Castiel’s fingers slip inside, Dean runs his tongue along them, wetting them thoroughly.
“No. I just didn’t feel like cooking after the gym.” Castiel answers quietly. This whole situation wasn’t fair, Isham wasn’t supposed to be home until tomorrow. Castiel had planned to cook a nice steak dinner for him and get a bottle of wine, he’d planned to keep him happy.
They look around the gallery together for a little while before Dean stealthily sneaks behind a velvet rope barrier by the stairs and unlocks the broom closet he’d noticed on their last visit. He had seen where the guard hung the key, and he insured their safety by putting a small strip of tape over the bolt so that the door to the closet would close but not lock back in place.
By sunset, no help had come and Dean realizes he and Jack are in for a rough night. He asks Jack to count the glistening stars above them to keep him busy and to keep his mind off their bleak situation. Dean watches his son’s eyes light up in wonder as he excitedly points out more and more stars as they start to appear in the darkening sky.
Cas releases Dean’s cock with an obscene sound and stands, his lips dark pink and glistening. He finds Dean’s hands that have fallen to his sides and roughly presses them into the wall above Dean’s head, passionately attacking Dean’s neck once more with his mouth. Swiping his tongue over Dean’s flushed and warming flesh and raking his teeth gently over his throat in a way that he knows has driven Dean wild in the past. He presses himself forward, rolling his crotch against Dean’s, groaning at the feeling of friction between them.
More time passes. Dean must have fallen asleep because the next thing he knows, the doors are opening and Castiel’s bed is being wheeled back out of the room. With round, frightened eyes, he looks up at the nurse for answers…
“Dean, of course, I accept your apology. I forgive you.” Cas wraps his arms around Dean and hugs him tight. “Now, stop crying before you make me cry, too.”
“You’re welcome. And, um, not that it’s a big deal but do you realize that you still don’t have a shirt on?”
“No, I don’t. Honestly, I am not even sure how this happened, Mick just turned up at the house and surprised me.” Castiel frowns at the ring that now seems to be weighing heavily on his finger, “This is just metal,” he says softly as he takes the band off his ring finger and moves it on to his other hand, he looks up at Dean again, “It doesn’t mean anything. I just wanted to get out of there quickly and I wasn’t sure what to say… My mind was already here, in the gallery… with you.”
“Yeah, I kinda did deserve it.” Dean says softly, “If it wasn’t for me leaving you stranded on the side of the road, you would never have been mugged.”
Claire takes hold of her papa’s hand to reassure him as he reaches the ground. He cries out in pain as he tries to put weight on his leg and falls, too weak to stand on his own. The two men talk together for a few moments before one of them grabs a hold of Castiel under his arms, Claire’s hand slips from his as the man begins to drag him along.
“Hey, guys.” Jay Leno walks up and claps Cas on the back of his shoulder. “Thanks again for the magnificent machine. I want to invite you and your team to the charity auction next month. That second bike you made me is up for auction, and I would love to have you there to boost the excitement and perhaps pry open those buyer’s accounts a bit wider. The JDM Foundation is supporting Equality Now with the majority of the proceeds, along with a few other humanitarian charities. Only that one bike will be up for auction, the first one and this one will be on display, which is why I think you guys need to be there.”
Kevin looks up with wide eyes. “No, thanks!” He points toward the bar. “Your hottie is back at the bar.”
Once they’ve picked out the puppy they want, they take her home. Cas pushes Dean to give her a good name.
“Yeah, I know. Right now it still hurts to be up on it so I try not to if I can help it.” Cas smiles shyly, “And you may not be a chef, but dinner was very nice last night, that was the best steak I have had in a long time, I didn’t say thank you at the time, so thank you.”
Dean chuckled, “Nope, not married and not with anyone. I haven’t had a long term relationship in a while. Kinda been focusing on the job.”
“You’re like a fucking heater. And I gotta piss.” Ishim gets up to leave the room. “Oh, you need to get up and clean the mess you made,” He points to the floor at the foot of the bed. “You may as well change the sheets, too, you got come everywhere.”
They had met six months ago, right here in Rocky’s bar, where the floor was beer sticky but the company was good. Dean, a regular, had eyed the tall, dark stranger in the corner of the room for the entire length of Bon Jovi’s Livin’ on a Prayer before he’d confidently walked over to him and introduced himself. The stranger, ‘
“Gabe.” Cas tries to get his attention as he rattles on about who was there and with whom, “Gabe will you listen to me?” he tries again with no luck, “Gabe, I caught a burglar!” he says again, more forcefully this time.
During dinner, Sam talked about his day, not much happened but he had a funny story about an old man who kept losing his glasses and each time they were on top of his head, well, it was funny the way Sam told it.
Jack is quick to open his first gift: it’s a selection of coloring books. He thanks his sister with a quick hug and moves on to his next gift. Meanwhile, Claire has torn open the wrapping on her first gift.
“Cas, man. You can’t run into a fight the way you used to; you’re human now. You bleed and get hurt, too. Just like Sam and me.” Dean complains after they take out a vampire nest.
“Sure you can, it drives just like any other car. Put it in drive and press the accelerator.” the man chuckles.
“Careful, son,” Dean warns as he sits up when Jack reaches him he pulls him into a tight hug, ignoring how bad it hurts his ribs. He lets out a shaky breath and looks into Jack’s face, “Love you, kiddo.”
Dean doesn’t come out of his room for almost two hours. Cas is back on the couch watching TV - with the volume low. Dean plods grumpily into the living room and takes a seat in the recliner, looking tense and irritated.
That night, Castiel is tucked up in bed reading his favorite Alfred Hitchcock story, when he hears a noise downstairs. It’s getting late, but Castiel knows it’s still too early for Gabe to be home and the maid and the cook had gone home hours ago. He blames his nerves on the book he’s reading and tries to ignore his rising heartbeat.
A moment later a server comes to their table, and they order another round of beers. The next thing that Dean knows, there’s Cain, standing in front of him in nothing but cowboy boots and ‘Daisy Dukes’ holding a small tray with three beers.
Dean remembers their wedding with bittersweet fondness, he remembers how amazing Cas had looked in his suit and he remembers how happy everyone had been for them. He remembers in gut-wrenching detail how they’d promised each other ‘the rest of their lives’ and he hopes that that hadn’t already passed. It would be too soon, he can’t do this without Cas. They still have years, they have plans together. They are supposed to grow old together, watch Claire and Jack grow up into the wonderful adults they are sure to become.
The head guard hurriedly turns the alarm system back on and right after the alarm is set one of the guards unwittingly reaches to straighten the empty frame, causing the alarm to sound. Once again, there are guards rushing in and out and angry shouts and Castiel glances up for a brief moment, feeling desperately sorry for them.
He watched as Dean came in through the doors. Watched as he scanned the room and spoke to the hostess. She pointed him towards Cas and Cas noticed when Dean’s eyes found him. There was a smile that quickly came and went across Dean’s face. Dean walked up to the table (looking a little nervous in Castiel’s opinion) and greeted Cas.
Dean grins wide at his victory and hands Castiel his jacket, “Let’s find you a new car, yeah? Fresh start and all that?”
“Awe, Angel, you know they love it when I schmooze with the camera. All I talked about was you and your superior airbrush skills.” Dean leans in and kisses Cas on the cheek. “And I bragged on Benny’s magic with the electronics.” Dean rubs his hand up and down Cas’s arm, giving Cas his best pouty face. “Besides, as pretty as she was, she has all the wrong equipment.”
“Yeah, Dad, we know,” says Claire, “If we can’t find you and Papa, we should find either a hotel worker or someone with kids, a family to ask them for help.”
Dean shows him into the living room. “My name is Dean Winchester,” he types, and he shows the name sign for Dean.
Dean watches Mick attentively as the professor leads the class through example problems and he takes pictures of what is written on the board, he has a friend in class who shares his notes so that Dean can pay attention to what Mick is signing. Dean is excited about this course on differential equations. Mick doesn’t understand half of what the professor is telling the class but he keeps up and signs it all for Dean. The professor gives the class their assignment, and Dean accepts it with a smile. Dean thanks Mick and invites him to go out with him and his friends, but Mick graciously declines.
Dean sits down on the floor with Casey and shows her the item, “That’s a keychain. It’s for my keys. When I need my keys, this is what you’re gonna go get. Okay, little girl.”
On her way back to her papa’s bedside, she notices a little boy laughing and playing peek-a-boo with a woman. Her heart skips when she realizes it's the mother and little boy from the resort, from the billboard. They’re alive! They’re here. Tears of joy fill her eyes and she feels so grateful to see that they made it. She waves at the little boy and runs back to tell her papa the good news.
Meeting his eyes, the nurse gives him an encouraging smile and says, “We will do everything we can, for him...”
Cas took a shaky breath and realized he was crying, his eyes had misted over without his permission and it pissed him off that once again Ishim had made him cry. His whole body felt cold, his mind plaguing him with images of people watching him - doing that. People laughing. Ishim laughing as he’d sent the email. ‘
