It's Tony's business face, the one he wears when dealing with things he
Tony leans in to kiss Steve again but he feels Steve tense under his hands, the muscles of Steve’s chest and stomach tightening as he sucks a deep breath in.  Tony sighs in response to Steve’s obvious hesitation, even as Steve’s lips part in an incredibly inviting way.
*******
“I’ll be back for you in less than five. Try not to run off and save the world while I’m gone.”
“I will.  We’ll talk.”
Bucky steps back quite a bit, giving Steve more clearance than he needs to enter. He seems uneasy, and Steve can feel his own anxiety ratchet up as he tries to put the right name to the weird tension in the air. In his last message to Bucky he’d said that they needed to talk, which, Steve supposes now, was frustratingly vague. But he hadn’t wanted to tell Bucky about all this on a voicemail. This was the kind of thing you talk about face-to-face.
“I’m saying let’s go for a run.”
“Yes, sir.”
That morning Tony woke up cold for the first time in months, finding Steve curled up on the opposite side of the bed.  The small space between them felt like the distance between galaxies, leaving him feeling unsettled the entire rest of the day.
It’s drizzling a bit now, a faint mist landing on his drawing and pearling delicately across the surface of the vellum.  He reaches over and closes the cover, pulls the sketchbook back onto his lap.  There’s a sudden impulse to throw the whole thing out and his hand tightens on the spiral binding for just a moment, eyes seeking out the nearest trashcan, before good sense prevails.
“Guess we’ll save our game for later.”  Steve finishes re-setting the chess pieces before carefully setting the board aside.
okay, but I have been dealing.  My whole life -
He latches the door and clicks the feeble lock. He’s one step inside when Tony grabs him by the waist and pushes him down onto the squeaky couch, springs protesting the sudden weight. Tony is straddling his lap before Steve even realizes what’s happening.
Steve waits until they slowly jostle forward before trying to speak again.
Steve backs away, letting the curtain fall closed.  Despite the beauty that surrounds and stretches out before him, he feels ill at ease, uncomfortable in his own skin.  He’ll stay here if that’s what’s required – it is probably best for the team, he has to admit – but all of this is just another thing he’s going to have to get used to.
“I apologize for the unusual arrangement. Tony insisted I pick you up in the Delahaye. Between you and me, pal, I think he might be showing off a bit.” Happy actually nudges him with his elbow good-naturedly, and Steve tries to loosen up.
“It’s not that,” Bucky says, taking a deep breath and narrowing his eyes at him like he’s not all together sure that he should say what he’s about to say.  Steve braces himself for the criticism.
Bucky angles Tony’s head back, tipping his chin upward, and captures his lips in a sloppy kiss. He fucks his tongue deep into Tony’s mouth, groaning out Tony’s name. It sends a flare of arousal anew through Tony’s veins, for the first time the want surging through him solely for Bucky.
Jarvis instructed him to press a button, then the screen, which had previously been showing his shoes on the dirt, was now showing his face. He was then able to get a good picture to send to Tony.
“Well, that’s where the divergence happened, then.” Tony announced. “Without a doubt. It’s not an atomic level change. It’s smaller than that. It’s at the quantum level, the double slit experiment was correct. Quantum mechanics offers true randomness, regardless of the state of the universe, so truly random and completely different outcomes can happen between our universes, even if they are completely identical in every other way. The photons must have turned the opposite way here, which proves randomness in spite of all other factors being equal and-”
"Okay." Steve would be lying if he said he didn't feel a little dejected. But he really couldn't blame Tony, he knew how busy the businessman was. "I'll save you some cake." Tony smiled at that, and clapped Steve on the shoulder.
Technology was much more advanced now, everything being so quick and efficient. Thankfully, the 'get-it-done' attitude of New Yorkers seemed just as strong as ever - so even such a short time in, the city was already opening back up.
"I love you too." Tony bent down and kissed him, fiercely. Steve shivered at the sound of those words, like a huge weight had been lifted off him. To love Tony and to be loved back, it was amazing - it should've felt constraining but instead it was liberating. He could've shouted it from the rooftops, had he not still been so incredibly turned on by the suddenly determined man on top of him. Steve felt Tony slip his fingers out of him, and heard the pop of the lube bottle opening again. Two quick squirts and Tony was slicking himself up, lining up the head of his wet cock up with Steve's spent hole. Steve pulled his legs back, opening wider, allowing Tony to bend forward and keep kissing him while he pushed in. Steve gasped, one hand stuck between them, squeezing his rapidly hardening cock as he realized that Tony was really, really inside him now. And he loved him back. He loved him back! He threw his other arm around his man, relishing in being completely surrounded by him, penetrated by him, giving himself up entirely to him. Tony didn't waste any time, he started rocking into him, quickly reaching a punishing pace. The wet cum between them was cooling, slick, rubbing all over them as Tony slammed into Steve, harder and harder. He pulled himself up then, holding on to Steve's knees as he started pounding deeper and faster, and Steve watched his own cum glisten on Tony's chest.
It was a heady thing to think about. He must've fallen asleep in the middle of that thought, because in the next moment, someone was squeezing his arm.
"Our guests went home right after the movie ended, Sir. The rest of the Avengers retreated to their living areas about half an hour ago."
“So you can go on your run now, if you want. He’ll be back before you’re done.” Tony suggested.
to make Tony feel the same way. So he pulled himself together and finally pushed Tony down onto his back and climbed on top of him, giving himself a few firm strokes with his lubed up hand.
He walked back to the suit with what was hopefully the right materials, relieved when Tony grabbed everything, then shoved a set of gloves back into his hands.
"It's okay." Steve was terrified he'd ruined everything. "Well...I suppose this is goodnight then." He didn't budge, though, frantically searching his brain for a way to get back to the light mood they had lost.
“I might as well order some pizzas then.” Bucky took out his phone. “Show me how, scaredy-bird.” He handed Sam the phone.
before, or seen
people in need. Regardless of their nationality, regardless of the cost." He began, starting to pace around the room. He wouldn't even need his notes for this. "It's a shame. Things seem to have changed. You people have the ability to help an entire nation. Without even lifting a finger yourselves. And you're against it, actively
"I think we're okay." Steve chuckled.
, Tony!” Steve shouted. “When we did...
"One more dance?" He asked hopefully.
reach out with an amended proposal, then
"Rude." Tony scoffed. "I just wanted to see if it really worked, or if it was just another of Tes-co's stupid magnetic prototypes. And I was
"Well....okay." Steve didn't want to disappoint Tony. As soon as he said that, he was whisked away by several ladies and stuffed in a locker room with a huge fluffy bathrobe, and figured he might as well roll with it. He'd just taken off his shirt when Tony walked in from another room. Wearing just his boxers. They were skintight. And black. And perfectly outlined the round, perfect curve of his-
After they pulled apart, Tony was grateful that Steve didn't look back while he rode off. With moist eyes, Tony clutched the reactor in his chest tightly. Maybe Steve won't forget about him after all.
Surprise! All smut
"You saw our texts?!" Tony froze, his face white as a ghost.
” Steve said. Tony nodded, not looking up. '
“And I’ll make some drinks! I’m the best bartender in Hungary, you know. Remember Budapest?” He asked Natasha as he stood up excitedly.
"I know I said I'd try not to eat too much, but I don't know if I'm ready for any snacks." Steve absently rubbed his stomach.
"There's more than one Star Trek?"
song. Then I want to see the flying car."
“Hm.” Tony turned to face her. “Really?”
“Hmph. Didn’t seem like just friends last night.” Tony smirked.
"Sorry." Steve was furiously blushing, pulling himself upright, but unwilling to let go of Tony. He sat the other man down right on his lap, unashamedly. It was thrilling, to know that Tony didn't want to hide this new...development from their friends.
"S-sorry." Steve was practically trembling with nervous energy. What could be making the person who was normally the most composed of them all behave so strangely?
"Yeah. You guys were good pals, right? That's why he was always looking for you. And why you decided to become friends with me." He answered like it was a fact. Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing.
“So...everything is different because...I got blinded by the sun for a second?” Steve scratched his head.
"No, no." Steve replied. "It's just that Jarvis said this was Chinatown."
"Let me make it up to you tomorrow."
Bucky wiped a tear from his eye. “I swear, this shit could only happen to you, Stevie. How the hell did you not know it wasn’t Tony?”
“I’m not going anywhere, baby.” Steve pulled him close again, wrapping his arms around him, petting his hair. “I just know you have to work soon, so I wanted to get ready and surprise you with a warm bath and coffee.”
- Steve thought.
Steve's heart rushed with emotion at the nickname. He laid his head on Tony's shoulder and held out the box for them both to see.
It was 11:30 when Steve finally decided to go ahead and head down to the garage with his bags. He figured he could always call Tony from the road, and he was feeling restless and really wanted to get a move-on. He was securing the last of his bags when Tony came barreling in through the elevator with something under his arm.
"Mmm...yes...always call me that...Why didn't you....come upstairs....this morning...." Tony gasped through broken kisses. Steve kept chasing his mouth, desperate for more.
"You...you really don't have to." Tony mumbled. "I had a great birthday today. You don't have to keep me company just because you feel bad."
"Jarvis?" Steve asked from his couch.
It's only going to get worse before it gets better. The truth comes out.
to ground him.” Tony cooed. “What if there’s a universe out there where we never end up together?” He worriedly asked.
“Yeah. Thanks, Sam.” Steve let out a breath of relief. Sam always knew how to help. He waved goodbye from the door before clicking it closed again. Good. This would help. Talking it over always helped. He quickly showered and changed into some presentable clothes.
“It’s complicated.” Steve rubbed the back of his neck.
“You really don’t have to, sweetheart.” Steve pulled him in for a quick kiss between scrubbing his hair dry. It was wonderful how he could kiss Tony whenever he wanted now. “You know I like working out with the team anyways.”
Tony then tangled his hand into Steve's hair and yanked his head back, sucking on his throat, knowing how much the big guy loved having his hair pulled, and probably figuring it would offer a nice distraction while he slipped the first digit in. Steve moaned, loud and hard, feeling the burning sting of Tony's finger pushing inside him. It didn't hurt too much, mostly it just felt...different. The sensation was overpowered by how hot his face was from Tony angling his head to reach his neck better, biting and licking him through the worst of it.
"It's not a big deal." Tony waved his hand.
"Don't tell me I'm being dramatic! You weren't even there! You don't know! There was so much tension!"
They agreed that Steve would leave on a plane tomorrow afternoon, despite Tony's insistence that 'a pilot could be ready in 10 minutes, what are you waiting for, Slowpoke? I thought I was the turtle around here!' Steve said he wanted to check out San Fransisco first, since he was already here. Really, he wanted to make sure to get everyone gifts before heading back.
"Come on. Show me while you eat."
“Oh really?” Tony’s brows shot up. Steve could see the gears turning, a plan forming. “Well, that’s all you had to say, big guy.” He cupped Steve’s straining cock through his pants. “Yeah.
“He didn’t say much of anything, actually.” Steve said.
a mirror universe. Everything is backwards to me. Your apartment layout, you, the words on this phone, left and right, East and West, everything. Obviously not an exact mirror, since we aren’t married in this dimension. But all the math is adding up so far, so I need to run some tests in the lab to see where the difference is.”
"Technically yes." Tony explained. "But it's an away game. Today, the stadium is all ours for the next few hours. We'll go on a tour, and get to see the Clubhouse, and we can even play some catch on the field if you want!" Tony seemed so enthusiastic, that Steve couldn't help but hold back a chuckle. "Everyone says Captain America was a huge Dodgers fan, but I haven't seen you watch a single baseball game since I've known you! So we have to fix that once and for all and figure out if the Dodgers are still your team." Tony poked him in the chest. "We're doing some soul searching today, Rogers."
"Hey, Jarvis?"
"Oh, Steve." Tony sighed, "You had an anxiety attack. That's what Jarvis diagnosed. It sounds like the fireworks last night might have caused a panic attack too. It's hard to tell sometimes."
“Miss Potts would like you to know that she’s not in the office today, and that you can find her at her home. She also requests that you pick up some mint chocolate chip ice cream on your way.” FRIDAY informed him.
never ask for flight clearance. Haven't you learned by now that it's easier to ask for forgiveness than for permission?" They were in Tony's kitchen, the smaller man offering up a bowl of chocolate covered almonds. Rhodey pushed his hand away, and Tony shrugged, plopping a few in his mouth.
"Hold up, Cap!" Tony ran over, clearly having not gotten enough - if any - sleep.
“We don’t have to do that if you’re not ready, baby.” He gave Tony an out, “I can turn you around and we can finish this with our mouths if you want. I know you’re good at that.” He winked.
He thought. Felt so comfortable and safe, there was no hurry to turn his brain on anytime soon. He laid motionless, enjoying that he wasn't worried about anything for once, content to just
As he conditioned his hair, he tried to think of some way to break the ice. It was tough - he hadn’t exactly been very welcoming these last few weeks. Pepper had tried to give him some advice before he left.
“Shut up, Buck. I’m sure he was sleepy and out of it.” He said, “But you have to admit, it
Steve smiled and packed up his things. He'd met a few guys earlier that day at a nearby port and was meeting them for dinner before they promised to take him to the best jazz club in town, and he was looking forward to it.
His vision whited out for a second, and in the next moment, he was staring up at the ceiling, a sweaty, panting Tony laying on top of him, both hearts racing together. They laid there for a few minutes before Steve was able to gather all his strength and wrap his arms around the genius.
"It'll be foolproof! Now that we know the bugs..." Tony realized with a start that he'd been blabbering on for a while. Embarrassed, he turned to Steve, expecting a response to his proposal. Instead, he found the other man mesmerized. Lost in his eyes. He was leaning in - closer - and there was no explosion or overzealous robot to stop them this time. Tony froze, watching Steve’s lips until he felt them on his own. It was chaste, Steve's mouth softly opening against his. Steve hesitated for a moment, almost pulling away, but Tony’s brain rebooted at the last second, and finally he kissed back.
"Uh. Hah. You coming?"
"Nevermind all the evidence to the contrary."
"That would be one way to extrapolate the data."
"It's just that, when I say I'm doing something for charity, that means it's coming out of
After, Steve and Tony cleaned the kitchen, and peeled off their aprons, but were still covered head to toe in caked-on flour, sticky cheese and tomato sauce in all the wrong places. They said their goodnights to the rest of the team, and headed upstairs to their penthouse.
Tony took a deep breath, mulling over everything Steve had said. He chose his words carefully.
"No." Steve was more sure of himself than ever, even if he didn't know how to dance, or how to flirt, or how to keep himself sane around this man. He was sure he wanted to be here, lost at sea, as long as he was with Tony. "Let's stay."
"Alright, well, goodnight then." He pulled Tony into a loose side hug. The smaller man, maybe by instinct, held Steve back. Steve lowered his head into Tony's fluffy hair, unsure of himself. He brushed his lips on the top of Tony's head, ever so lightly, he didn't even know if the other man felt it or not. They pulled apart and Steve walked out, hearing the elevator doors close behind him.
"Okay, well...did you sleep okay last night? I mean.." Tony looked around. This place was much too public to delve into Steve's mental health like this. "You know what, we can talk about it tonight over dinner. If you want. We don't have to. I just want to make sure you're okay. You've been skittish all day. You'll let me know if something is happening, right? You can trust me, can't you?"
“I am always glad to be of service, Sir.” Jarvis politely responded. It tugged at Tony’s heartstrings.
"Yeah well, the board isn't exactly made up of saints like you." Tony muttered. "And maybe I'm not selfish, but I'm a moron who didn't think to make the reactor my own personal patent. Then I wouldn't be fighting the board for the right to use it however I want. They won't let me build it without charging the city a crazy exorbitant rate, and at that point it would be way too expensive for anyone there to afford, and it would defeat the whole purpose of doing it."
Steve thought back to this morning, finding his hand gripping the smaller man right there. Remembered how soft and snug it was, it was like Tony was a perfect fit tucked under his chin. Perfect to wrap both arms around, to hold close. It would've been nice to explore how he felt, even a second longer - to move his thumb up and down under the man's ribs, maybe pull his shirt up just a bit, just enough to know what his skin felt like underneath- I bet it's silky smooth just like his sheets. In contrast with the scars on his chest, probably rough, I'd want to feel them against my lips, every single inch- fuck. He's moving. H-he's turning, he's going to look at me!
“C’mon. M’almost done.” Tony gestured with a nod. Steve blinked. This was turning into quite an odd morning. He took his clothes from the floor and slipped into them, and cautiously walked behind Tony back into the bathroom, unsure if the invitation was normal. He
Steve walked into the lab, carrying some hot cocoa for them to share. Tony had spent all night working on a new project he’d never seen before.
"Nah. I'm too cranky when I'm starving."
"But...well...." Tony got beet red in the face. Was he really that upset? "Ah! But he isn't used to the paparazzi yet! Or crazy fangirls. And fan
"Cap can sit wherever he wants!" Tony wondered if it was that obvious that he had sort of a small tiny little crush on the supersoldier.
"It's okay." Steve wished he wouldn't turn it off. He actually really liked Tony's teasing. And wow, wasn't that a change of pace? He remembered just a few months ago when every word out of the other man's mouth would make his blood boil. Now though, now the teasing made him feel...well, he probably shouldn't think about it too long. "I should get out of this suit though. Pepper said she wants to stay for dinner, and it looks like Colonel Rhodes will be joining us too?"
“I thought you saw him in the lab when you got back? Isn’t that what he was mad about when he stormed off?” Sam asked.
"Since we're being romantic and all...your favorite." He offered up the cake to Tony.
When we were in Wakanda.” Steve felt the sting of tears behind his eyes. Sam must’ve noticed, because he came to Steve’s defense right away.
"Thanks Tony, but you've done so much already. I'm sure I'll be able to manage it."
“I should make a somloi galuska to celebrate!” Wanda squealed. “Vis, come help me! We have to honor new love!” She skipped to the kitchen, and Vision followed, but not before throwing an awkward thumbs up in their direction. Tony supposed he might still be learning human interactions, but he gave a hesitant thumbs up in return. It would be interesting to learn about those two, to say the least.
It must've taken too long for Tony to do or say something, because soon enough Steve let out a whine, one heavy arm pulling Tony close to his side. Tony was pleasantly surprised, he didn’t think Steve would want cuddles after, but he took the opportunity to burrow himself into Steve’s arms. He looked up, and found Steve already staring back at him.
In Tony’s mind - it was constant turbulence. They fought on the helicarrier, right at the beginning. It was intense, and humbling. They leaned on each other afterwards, finding friendship in the rubble. They fought when Ultron was born, Tony’s hubris got the better of him, and he was reminded with swift words and cold shoulders just how wrong he could be. They comforted each other afterwards, the devastation of loss overshadowing their disagreements.
He heard the elevator door ding from the hallway, and began to mentally steel himself. This was it. He’d just need to take whatever scrutiny or humiliation resulted from this. He
"Not helping." Tony puffed angrily. "I-I never said anything about
I'm a mess. I know better than anyone. I wreck stuff, I make bad decisions, I’m impulsive and rash and-”
"Yeah! Yes. Just sleeping. We uh, we cuddled. I think. I mean, I don't know. When I woke up you were, um. I was sort of- well we were cuddling. Nothing else happened. I left as soon as I woke up, and that's it." Steve fumbled through his words. "I just, thought you should know. I didn't want it to be weird. If you found out later or something. But... it's not weird is it? I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, it just sort of happened."
your dick!” She corrected, and they were in a full out bellow now, cracking up until they were out of air. Finally a few minutes later, Pepper nudged him with her foot. “So, what now? You gonna go try to play friendly?”
Shit.
"You're not selfish at all." He smiled at Tony, who looked away. "I don't know what you were going on about earlier, but it seems like an amazing plan to me."
“I’m pretty sure Tony Stark doesn’t get enough sleep, no matter what universe he’s from.” Steve supplied. He gave Tony’s shoulders one more squeeze and pulled away. Tony wanted to ask him to stay just a little longer. “So, are you seeing anyone back home, then?”
It was almost time to go back home and Tony still hadn’t found what the anomaly was that caused this universe to be so different from his. He’d tested the magnetic polarities, the speed of light
that way.” Tony took off his glasses, and Steve could see now, how red-rimmed his eyes were, and puffy underneath. Like maybe he hadn’t slept in days, like maybe he’d cried recently. “What other way am I supposed to take it, Cap? Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you hit it off. I
"Look on the bright side. Everyone was so shocked to see you two dancing, that no knew what was happening when we came in, and they've all been apprehended without a single shot fired."
“Almost three years, now.”
"Loki." Tony agreed.
That's not to downplay the great sacrifices of those veterans, but just to educate in case people have somehow read this and watched Captain America movies, but haven't read up on WWII.
With that, he waved goodbye and drove off, grin stuck on his face, and not looking back.
in person - the photographs didn't do him justice. He was unquestionably pure, truly an Adonis. As sinfully gorgeous as he was, he was not susceptible to the evils of their time, he could do no wrong. And Tony
"Yeah." Steve couldn't say no to this man.
"What? No, what are you talking about? You've never made me uncomfortable." Steve placed a hand on Tony's. So...maybe that wasn't it either. Now Tony was too focused on this big warm hand on him. The same hand he saw in the security footage, clutching his waist. His mind wandered for a second, wishing he could remember that night.
Buck, he’s so afraid of being a burden that he never tells me anything. Never tells anyone what’s bothering him - Sam and I have to force things out of him sometimes, just because he’s so scared of being too much for us to handle.
him, we could move forward without ever having to get into the ugly truth. I thought I could have it all. So, it was easier to keep it from you. I know now that it was stupid, to think I could’ve kept secrets from you. But that’s why I never told you about your parents. About Bucky and what we were doing all those years. I just, I wanted to come home one day, my friend by my side, and have you back too. Instead, I pushed you away, I lost you. I’m so sorry, Tony. I hate myself for disappointing you.”
The last few days had been a whirlwind. There was so much history to see in the big cities, Steve wanted to stop at every museum and landmark he could find. He resolved that after D.C. he would try to start talking to people. So far, he'd been keeping to himself, easily getting lost in the crowds without being recognized. It was nice to be able to move at his own pace, anonymous, only stopping whenever he wanted to get a hotel for the night. But the whole reason for the trip was to get to know the American people, get to know his country all over again, and learn where he fit in. So after today, he would be making more stops in small towns, trying to stay off the beaten path.
" Tony grabbed the remote from next to him. "Absolutely unforgivable. To make you use
Tony didn't stop looking at him as Steve neared and when the guy noticed Tony's attention was no longer on him, he looked up annoyed. When he saw Steve, however, his eyes widened and he stepped away from Tony. Tony, who didn't even notice, still staring at Steve as intently as he would study a particularly bothersome equation he wanted to bend to his will.
“Don’t worry,” Steve said. “I know what to do.”
“That's why we have you Captain. You and Romanoff will go with Stark.”
“The sad part is, that wasn’t the first time. He just doesn’t want to learn.”
“He’s about to walk by next to you. Stop him,” said Clint, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Us.”
New York City, the Stark Tower at its center. It was simplistic but Steve liked drawing what he could see, and the Tower was hard to miss from where he was sitting.
Steve shook his head. “You
“Yes, sir. You’ve got a message both from SHIELD and the Captain’s organization.”
Steve nodded. This whole evening seemed surreal, like another dream. He was going to wake up any minute now, and he'll stare at the white of the ceiling, and he'll be longing for red, without knowing why.
“You keep saying that. But I really don't.”
“I was,” Steve said, panicked.
The next few weeks went by in a daze. Steve saw Tony every other day and they only got closer as the time passed by. Steve even met the famous Pepper Potts, despite Tony’s protests, and they really hit it off. She reminded him of Peggy.
He had a serious case of bedhead, and his sweatpants hung low on his hips. He was rubbing his eyes. Steve faltered and tried to remember how to breathe.
“I’m not hiding,” Tony muttered.
“Tony!” the next kick to the robots' head was particularly violent and Tony tried not to think he was the cause of that frustration. “For the love of God, just once do as you're told, and
The agents were nodding, trying to calm the guy, telling him to relax, he's going to
She raised her eyebrows, which for a normal person wouldn’t be a strong reaction, but coming from her it showed exactly how surprised she was. “So it’s Tony now, huh?” she asked. When he didn’t answer she prompted, “Where?”
Steve shook his dead. “It was an ambush. They were expecting us. We had a mole in our ranks.”
He also knew he’ll need to be as clear headed as possible if he wanted to escape later. And that meant no more injuries. So he slowed down. He missed a few punches. And he let them grab his arms and pull them behind him. Then one of the bigger guys came forward. He was bald, with face tattoos. He smirked as he raised his gun and hit Steve in the head with the back of it.
"Could ask you that myself," she replied, a soft smile on her lips.
“What?” Steve looked sharply at Clint. “Why?”
Steve was an old-fashioned guy, but he could see how a building like that belonged to a man like Tony Stark. The man was not called a futurist for no reason.
So Tony was still holding his grudge and if Steve thought he was going to get in his good graces by siding with Tony now, he was dead wrong.
Oh. “Oh. I’m sorry. I didn’t see it that way.”
Steve could see that it was bothering Tony. He probably wanted to just do it, and be done with it, start focusing on the new and brighter things. He didn’t seem like the patient sort of guy.
“I’m afraid not. This message can’t come from me in any way.”
Still, Steve didn’t lose his balance. He just straightened and came in, leaving the shield on the table near the entrance.
“And leave the weapons here?” asked Clint.
There was also the fact that, when they did decide to work together (for efficiency purposes) Iron Man never listened to him. Even Clint and Natasha listened to his orders when on the field. He was the Captain. Strategizing and making plans was his job, and Iron Man seemed to disregard every decision Steve made, in favor of his own, more reckless ones.
Tony took another sip from his drink, deep in thought.
Loki and Thor were fighting again.
And as he reached to pull Steve’s cowl of his face, Steve felt fear for the first time. Losing his secret identity meant he will lose his life as Steve Rogers. He will lose everything.
Tony looked at her. “Duly noted,” he said, and then, just to be a little shit, added, “Natasha.”
“Three.” Steve went to slam the shield to the glass but Tony’s soft “JARVIS” had JARVIS opening the door right before the collision happened.
And then Tony laughed. Big, booming, tears-in-your-eyes kind of laugh.
“I thought you guys briefed him?” Steve asked. He didn’t feel like going over the missions again, but if Sam was out of the loop, they would have to.
Because he did. Love him. Impossibly and inevitably.
“Guys, you have to come here right now,” Natasha whispered in the coms then gave them directions. It led right to the basement. Of course.
"Why did you pick that red?" At Tony's confused frown, "That red and gold, on the armor. Why?"
“What?” Steve frowned. “That makes no sense.”
Trying to hide when the entire building was looking for you, is very near impossible. They only managed it for as long as they did because they were the very best at what they did.
“This time. What if next time I won't be there? What if I won't make it in time?” Steve turned to face the wall opposite him so Tony couldn't see his expression.
“Because it's cheesy,” said Tony while shooting repulsors at ‘robots’ who came a little too close to the civilians hiding behind the perimeter the police set up.
Well, shit.
.” Tony was breathing hard by the end of that little rant but at least it seemed to deflate all of his anger. He was just tired now.
“I’m not quite sure about that,” said Steve. “But I do think it’s one of my best.”
Tony's mouth twisted. "Still, while you might have been an exception, the Captain and his crew were not. It was easier to put you guys at a distance. It was easy to put the Captain at a distance. We were just so different. And I knew that if he didn't want me around, the others would back him up. Back you up."
“It’s clear,” Clint’s voice echoed in his ear and Steve caught Natasha’s eye across the room. He watched her walk pass Johnson and, in a way that looked completely accidental, spill her drink all over his expensive suit.
But Steve Rogers couldn’t tell Tony any of that. He was just a small-time artist from Brooklyn.
“But also something that would bring fear to our enemies when they heard it.”
He said, “Sorry,” knowing it probably wasn’t enough, but not knowing how to comfort.
Tony huffed a laugh and dragged Steve into a kiss.
When the main guy took hold of the bag, about to pull it off, he hesitated. Steve looked up at him and the guy smiled and winked. And then he did it.
Stark Industries.
“We would analyze the data and hopefully help him track down the location,” said Bruce. He already had a tablet in his hands and Steve saw a map displayed. They were probably discussing the places Iron Man should hit first.
"We wait for the ride."
“Yes, well, those children are precious, if you haven’t, you should visit, they’re always happy to see a new face around there.”
And then it occurred to him. He didn’t have to prove that Tony’s innocent. Tony can do that by himself. He was the only one who could explain everything. He must know how those weapons got to the Mandarin, and if he doesn’t, he could find out. Maybe he has a leak in his company that he doesn’t even know about. Tony would be appalled by that. But he would also want to know, so that he could fire that person, and possibly lock them up in jail. It all made sense. Maybe they even found out about the weapon’s shut down and were now trying to sell as much as they could without Tony finding out about it.
“We’ll brief him before we move tonight. Hopefully there’ll be enough time,” Steve said. He was learning to pick his battles.
, Tony thought).
“Well,” he began, hesitantly. “What if he figures out who I am?”
For once, Steve wasn’t thinking about the next mission, the next bad guy to take down. He wasn’t waiting for something to go wrong or for a new lead to show up. He was happy in the moment. For maybe the first time ever since coming from the army, Steve was able to relax.
“Can you not?” Steve snapped, pushing the screen of his phone to Iron Man’s face.
“Why not?” Steve asked.
“This is really not the time,” said Cap, spoiling the fun again and Tony really missed the time when he was annoyed at that and not fondly exasperated.
Tony blinked. He was staring at his hand in Steve’s. “I love you.” He might not believe yet that Steve really loved him back but he still wanted to confess. He didn’t know why.
The base didn’t look much different from the last one.
It was all so obvious now. Steve's disapproving but actually worried face, his inability to let Tony go into any kind of danger without the suit.
“Can you disarm it?” asked Natasha. She seemed to be the only one still collected enough to talk, Clint and Steve looking at the bomb helplessly.
And he was entering an unfamiliar and dangerous situation with minimal amount of knowledge as to why they called him here. He was at a disadvantage. But you would never think that by looking at him.
It was Steve and there was determination in his eyes now and Tony knew he wouldn't like whatever he was about to say. “Tony,” Steve swallowed and looked away briefly, as if he knew Tony was going to fight him over this but he had to say it anyway. “Does your suit work?”
Steve smiled and the grin made Tony dizzy, like a possibility of a future. It made him believe a little bit more.
Steve stared at him in horror. He no longer cared about masking his feelings.
Tony swallowed and put the gauntlet back on the table. “I don’t know what you want me to say.”
The main guy took the knife from Steve’s face and turned toward his companion. “How so?”
Tony laughed and judging by the way Steve flinched, it sounded as bitter to him as it did to Tony's own ears. “Good to know I'm only valuable to you in a suit.” He stood up and went to leave but Steve intercepted him. “Get out of my way, Rogers.”
“I could eat,” Steve said.
Tony hesitated. Then said, “Obadiah Stane.”
Tony stared at her for a moment longer, then conceded and gestured for her to continue speaking.
“Really?” Steve frowned. “Why?”
“We weren’t exactly talking when they interrupted us.”
He was left staring at the name for a few minutes longer, not believing. It was then that his phone went off. Without thinking much about it, he picked it up and read the message.
And maybe that could be enough.
“So, what is this dangerous thing you’re working on?” he asked, like it was any other day he came to the workshop, like he didn’t just threated to break down the door with his shield.
“Oh we’re going to have so much fun,” Tony said. Then paused and looked at Steve. “Some other time though. I’m busy today.”
“Couldn’t sleep?” Tony asked.
Natasha cleared her throat. “I could.”
Tony followed him, but Steve could hear hesitation in his steps. He didn't know how they managed to screw everything up so quickly. But even now, being confused and mad and hurt, everything he wanted to do was turn around and hold Tony, and not care about anything else.
It didn’t make much sense. Steve should have already forgotten all about it, but for some reason, Stark’s smile lingered at the edges of Steve’s mind every time he found himself alone and with only his thoughts for company.
“Well, we can’t hit up all the bases ourselves,” said Tony dryly. “And it was your idea to include SHIELD anyway. You know, instead of calling Iron Man.” He looked over his shoulder and raised an eyebrow.
He knew that if he kept fighting it would only get worse. It was only a matter of time before someone put a knife in his side. He knew they needed to keep him alive. But not whole.
“Yup,” was the only thing Steve said, before he was going back and following Tony through the door.
Tomorrow was a big day.
“No, I don't think he knows I'm here. I'm calling my suit.”
He was just trying to have a normal, casual stroll through the park, he really was. With everything going on lately, he needed some time to clear his head. Steve was still mad at him and Tony didn't particularly look forward to smoothing that out.
“What, now?” Steve's eyes winded. He glanced over again at where Tony still didn't move from his position being wrapped up in the other guy's embrace (and Steve was really starting to hate that guy).
“Radiant?” she asked, innocently.
Steve didn’t respond. Didn’t even think, really. He didn’t know whether to blame it on the champagne or whether Tony’s presence made him do reckless things, but before he knew what he was doing, he was grabbing Tony’s shirt and smashing their mouths together.
“Tony's right,” said Steve. “He needs to be protected from possible attacks.” Tony tried not to show his surprise at Steve agreeing with him. The tension between them since the fight with the stupidbots (yes, Tony was still calling them that,
And now Steve. But maybe... Maybe this time nothing bad had to happen. Maybe he can have this one thing.
“It’s nothing that can’t wait,” said Tony, before ushering him to the living room. It made Steve feel special, the way Tony choose him over work, wanting to rather spend his time with him.
“How come there are no buttons?” Steve couldn’t help bus ask.
But as he stood to leave and looked at Steve, again with that apologetic smile, Steve could only see Tony, who was magnetic and interesting and who he definitely wanted to know better.
Steve didn’t. And he should figure out what to say before Stark – Tony, dammit – gets suspicious. He didn’t want to know what a man with his influence and intelligence would be able to dig up on Steve.
“You sure? You seem to be struggling.”
“What the fuck?” Clint exclaimed, eyes wide. He looked at Natasha, who of course looked as composed as ever. “Did you know about this?”
“Tony. I know you can hear me so just open the door,” Steve looked impatient, and maybe a little bit angry.
“Bruce did, which means he left out all the juicy parts,” said Clint.
Like he said. Tony was a busy person. Steve was just a poor artist from Brooklyn. Not someone Tony Stark would take an interest to.
“Doom said I was already too late. Late for what? He didn't even do anything, he...“ Tony's breath caught.
“I’m guessing it didn’t go as planned,” Tony said softly.
She shook her head, as if she couldn’t believe what was happening to him, and even the others looked puzzled. Steve was known for his concentration and ability to focus, so him spacing out was a new and weird thing to witness.
“So, you’re an artist?” Stark prompted. He didn’t really seem bothered by Steve’s lack of words, as if used to people being left speechless in his wake.
Steve shook his head, “It was the coffee shop across his Tower.”
“Yes, now. Go rescue him from that evil guy's clutches.”
Steve didn’t have time to think. His mind went completely blank.
“So,” Tony murmured against his lips. “How about that view?”
Tony raised the gun. He had a slight advantage, being in a corner, mostly hidden from view, but the gas was clearing from the room and once the visibility was back, there wouldn't be a lot of places to hide. Tony aimed the gun at one of the gunman, then lowered it slightly and fired. Despite the bad view he was still able to see the guy go down, clutching at his injured leg.
"Something wrong?"
It was full of people, which wasn’t a surprise. With its location and modern style, it was bound to appeal to young people and elite society who had nothing better to do with their days.
But before he could take his eyes away, a voice behind him said, “It is a masterpiece, isn’t it?”
Steve said, "Yes," heartbreakingly simple. Tony exhaled, a look of wonder on his face.
Tony looked relaxed, elegant. It was easy to see him as a billionaire businessman here in this place. And yet, that didn’t mean he wasn’t also kind and generous and witty and outrageously clever.
He felt something, or rather someone, sliding up next to him. Natasha signaled the bartender and then turned so that she was facing him. “Enjoying the party?”
With Iron Man it was like all his control just snapped. He didn’t understand why he evoked such strong feelings in him or why he couldn’t hold it together when faced with the man.
Steve was at a loss. Stark was someone who always seemed so larger than life, distant and unobtainable. Yet here he was, standing in front of Steve, looking at him with his intense, brown eyes. Steve didn’t really know what to say to him. Certainly nothing nice. Besides, he was a lousy flirt, even with the people he liked. “I… I just wanted to say how nice it is of you to be here and support the charity,” it was the lamest thing that could have come out of his mouth, but it was the only genuine thing as well.
"Stark, head down to the sublevel 9, the lab had a little accident."
“Well, Tony seems to be having fun,” she said, looking at him intently. He tried not to let any emotion show on his face.
He knew he should at least try. But the nerves and the anticipation didn’t let him rest. This was the moment he has been unknowingly waiting for, for the past five years.
“Right. Well, I was just wondering,” and Stark – Tony – got that look in his eyes again, contemplating, curious. “What was a small-time artist from Brooklyn doing at a charity gala that makes rich, powerful people give away all their money?” despite the words, Tony didn’t actually look like he was suspicious. Just wondering, believing that Steve will have some innocent answer ready.
They discussed this, of course. Whether Tony was going to reveal to the team who he was. And though Steve had told him that they didn’t have to rush, Tony had wanted to do it as soon as possible. “Like ripping off a bandaid,” he had said.
Vigilantes of sort.
“Tony,” Steve said again, desperate. “I know this is a lot to take in. But, please, if you would just let me explain…”
“Hmm?” Tony mumbled.
So Steve talked about Bucky, and all the childhood shenanigans they used to get up to. He told him about Nat and Clint and Bruce, how they helped him cope and how he didn’t know where he would be without them. About Thor, loud and friendly and always someone you could count on. About Sam, who was probably Steve’s best friend next to Bucky. How they all helped him grow as a person and move on from nightmares of the battlefield.
“It’s not your fault,” Steve said, looking at the way she was trying to unlock the door on the other side of the room as quickly as possible. Her hands were steady. “We all would have trusted SHIELD’s information.”
“Okay,” he repeated, louder.
Natasha interrupted him. “You would need an awful lot of power to do that Tony. And we only have...” she cursed. “40 seconds.”
When Steve took a few more steps closer, he saw what Tony was watching so intently.
Natasha woke Clint up, who had been dozing on his palm for the last half an hour. He groaned when she told him the briefing was pushed back. Steve understood the feeling. As much as nobody wanted to be there right now, they were less happy about having to go back tomorrow.
“That might be a start,” she smirked.
And today was one of those days. They could do nothing but wait for Iron Man’s return and Steve was already getting impatient.
Tony's face hardened. “Why do you care?”
here?”
“I think we should at least listen to what he has to say before deciding anything.”
He was lost in it.
“I get that. I’m sorry I jumped to conclusions.”
Same architecture, same gloomy feeling, same looking minions.
He was just thinking of diverging the topic to a safer direction, when Tony’s phone went off. Tony gave him an apologetic smile and then fished the phone out of his pocket. He looked at it for a second then sighed. “Well. Looks like I’ll have to cut this short. Duty calls. Or, well. Pepper. But same thing.”
Then after the serum, there was that time he thought that Howard and Peggy were a thing. But even that hadn’t lasted long, mostly due to the fact that they weren’t, in fact, a thing.
It was a good thing he brought his sketchbook, though he didn’t plan in advance to do any drawing done today. He still liked having it with him, for when the mood struck and the timing aligned.
“No way! Remember what happened the last time I didn't have my suit?” Tony asked, pacing up and down in a SHIELD conference room.
Steve thought about Thanos, and the risk they all faced tomorrow. He thought about how he could do anything if only he had Tony by his side.
Natasha came to stand next to them. “Yes, you are. You’re like an old married couple.”
“Well, what is it?” Clint asked impatiently.
He didn't know how much time had passed. It seemed like forever.
Vague voices were getting closer now but Tony couldn't focus, he had to keep himself from freaking out, had to show the others he wasn't broken.
Tony looked like he knew Steve was only asking for the lack of anything else to say, but indulged him anyway.
Since Tony was proved innocent, Steve finally let Natasha update Iron Man on what was going on. Steve himself wasn’t there when she called the man, but she told him later that he wasn’t happy they went behind his back. Steve couldn’t care less what he thought. He was always going to protect Tony first, and if that meant keeping Iron Man in the dark, so be it.
Sam and Clint shared a look. “Definitely weird,” Sam confirmed, and Clint nodded, but they were both smiling so Steve didn’t think they minded.
The rest of the dinner went by in easy conversation, laughing and teasing and just learning more about each other. Steve couldn’t stop laughing at some of Tony’s MIT stories, and Tony in turn was amazed at Steve’s less than successful attempts at stopping his neighborhood bullies.
It probably wasn’t healthy to separate the two personas as much, but sometimes he thought it was the only thing keeping him sane.
Steve gave a tight nod. “I can do that.”
, Tony thought as the armor assembled around him, watching as Captain America engaged Loki in a fight not unlike the one in Germany, when they all first met each other. Full circle and all that.
He doesn’t frequent The Shield often enough to have any claim to a regular seat, but this spot half in the shadows at the far, curving end of the long mahogany bar is the closest he’ll ever come to one. He angles his back to the wall, his eye line toward the door, and he nurses the same scotch and soda until it becomes far too warm and watery to taste worth a damn.
Steve seems lost in his and Tony’s kiss, and he blindly chases after Tony’s lips when Bucky grabs Tony by the shoulder and pulls him away. His muscular arms circle Tony’s slim hips, and Bucky’s flesh and blood hand, slick with lube, encircles Tony’s cock. He strokes with purpose, not teasing in the slightest.
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony mumbles half-heartedly to Pepper as he practically crawls into the backseat of the Bentley. “Oh god, it hurts.” He winces as he reluctantly takes off his sunglasses to read the headline of the paper that Pepper has thrust into his lap.
Steve runs a hand through his hair, unusually messy from both the wind and from Tony’s fingers, and then he glances at Tony.  Any trace of desire, of arousal, is long gone and in its place is just sadness.
Steve arches one eyebrow at the innuendo but doesn’t take the bait. Tony’s almost sad – maybe if they’d both gotten angry enough, they could fight this out and then parlay that heat into bed.
“Nice suit,” Steve observes dryly. He and Loki have never been properly introduced, but just as Loki recognizes him, Steve knows him too – and also knows what he’s about. Apart from the regular Hollywood prattle, Thor has mentioned a word or two in warning about his wayward brother. “You don’t see too many people favoring green these days.”
“So, yes. If you wouldn’t mind watching the cut and letting me know what you think, I would greatly appreciate the input.” Tony dials back to professional, and Steve seems to click over as well, unfolding his arms and finally joining Tony.
80s movies, in particular, seem to be a favorite.  The fact that Steve knows what 80s movies are now -
“Drunk enough to say that I want to kiss you right now, but not drunk enough to do it.” Steve replies quietly, leaning in for a moment and then drifting back. Tony is helpless to follow him, closing the space between them.
“I’ll be on my best behavior, try not to sweep you off your feet.” He manages a charming smile despite his blush.
“Huh?”
want to see him inside you, Stevie. You’ve wanted this for so long, I want to see you get it.”
“You can
need to say yes to my offer, Steve.” Tony is caressing his chest and stomach and it takes a moment for Steve to process the abrupt change in topic.
When he picks up his pencil, all he wants to do is draw Tony’s hands, Tony’s mouth, Tony’s hair.  He ignores the urge and busies himself with everything, anything else.
, Banner?”  Bucky laughs, entering the small living room with three fresh bottles of beer and plopping down on the loveseat beside Clint.  He gives Clint one bottle, keeps one for himself, and reaches over and hands Bruce the last.  “You forget that Stevie’s actually a big time egghead under all that handsome.”
Steve sighs heavily and moves toward the pair. It’s really not his business, but Tony seems displeased and he knows Scott must be down to his last nerve.
any of my Great Aunts, couldn't pick 'em out of a lineup if I tried.  The connection between Peggy and Sharon is just close enough to make for a nice story and far enough to keep it from being creepy."
“How was the walk?” Clint interrupts, reminding Tony that there are other people in the room.  He looks at Clint and Natasha, finds Natasha tight-lipped and purposefully quiet with her eyes trained intently on Steve.  If Tony’s not mistaken, she seems slightly peeved, although with her it’s really hard to tell.
“We’ll have to wait and see, but this may mean that Barnes has turned a corner of some kind.  If that’s in fact the case, how would you feel about eventually offering him a home at Stark Mansion?”
“Tony…” Steve gasps, and then his eyes roll back into his head, his mouth falling open in a moan that chokes off.  “Oh god, oh god, oh
“He’s very unhappy. I warned you this might happen if you hired away his own daughter.”
Holding his sketchbook.
“I’m making dinner.” He shrugs.
“You’ve got cash, buy a new one.”  From the look on Steve’s face, that’s a non-option.  “Or here’s a thought, fix it.”
be different.”  Tony comments.  “If we can make it here, we can make it anywhere, or so they say…” Steve doesn’t know who
“So…You and Bucky…” Tony trails off, knowing Steve will get his gist. Steve turns his face toward him, confused for only a moment.
Steve squints into the bright sunlight, taking a cautious moment to survey the back lot before moving. The alleys between studio spaces can be as hazardous as a city street when production is in full swing, but today, at least in this corner of the Paramount stages, is low key. It seems their film is not the only one in the process of ramping up.
that sends everyone spiraling into their own private pain.
“It's not rotten,” Tony says, rubbing his chin as he turns back toward Steve. “But that end scene between you and Wanda isn't working.”
“And then call Happy and let him know I’m headed back to New York tonight. Make all the arrangements.”
“Yes, you donkey,” She smiles up at him forgivingly, reaching up and tapping him on the nose with one finger. “I remember what my first one was like. I ran to the ladies to throw up.”
“Something like that.”
Bucky looks at him, eyes narrowing.
“Not much of it.” Steve awkwardly lifts a hand out from under the covers, and taps his left ear with his index finger. “Don’t forget I only got half a working set now.”
“Come for me, baby,” Tony pleads, endearments always seeming to do the trick when it comes to pushing Steve over. He grabs Steve’s hips, urging him harder against him as he thrusts more shallowly, more of a sensuous roll than a harsh thrust. “I love feeling you come all around me.”
“Sort of. Sometimes.” She shrugs. “Technically, I do have a husband. I’m sure you’ve seen the gossip rags.”
“No matter what, Steve, you ‘n me are always an us, okay? The rest is just…us
“Damn it,” Tony says again, shaking his head in dismay.  “This ain’t lookin’ good, Cap.”
“Tony…they have her, and I have a feeling they’re not going to let her go until she has done a complete vivisection on Steve.  They want a functioning serum, Tony.”  Bruce is talking to him like Tony’s trying his patience, like he’s mustering every last ounce of control to explain the situation.
“What?”  Tony’s voice rings with confusion.
Bucky stares at him, jaw ticking impatiently.
Steve’s grin has a metric ton of all the best intentions without an ounce of actual happiness to back it up.
“I think Steve would look good in orange.”
He’s gorgeous.
“You can flatter me all you like, Stark, I’m not going to change my mind about the film. Like I told you first time we met – I’m no actor.”
"By all means, go and visit
been in love with him.”  She smiles at him, even through her tears.  “And I think maybe I always knew that.”
“He can’t know who I am, Peg. He can’t figure it out.”
They were like that for long minute, just breathing each other in, until Tony said, “Thank you for telling me.”
He opened his eyes slowly to survey his environment. He was in a huge room, probably the basement. He was sitting on a chair, his hands tied behind his back, his legs tied to the chair. The room was bare, except for the far end, where there was a desk and some chairs and some guards around it. Among them was the face tattoo guy. He was Steve’s least favorite.
Most of their co-operations ended with more fighting between the two of them than fighting bad guys, so they decided to mostly stick apart, except for the occasional information exchange (which Steve will admit, have been very useful at times).
At least his team was here with him, but that didn't seem like a blessing right now, when he could feel walls closing in on him, air becoming thinner, voices around him turning into a distanced blur. He didn't want them to see him like this. Weak. Helpless. Plagued by nightmares, new and old.
Steve turned around, and tried to keep the smile off his face.
The fundraiser they were attending was nice, he could at least admit that much. The gala they were in was enormous, ceiling barely visible, mirrors covering walls that weren't already occupied by windows. Steve stood on a raised platform near the bar overlooking the room. It wasn't the best position, considering...
“Morning,” Steve replied with a fond smile and reached for the glass of water. He helped Tony sit up and offered him a straw. While Tony drank, Steve added, “Well, it’s not really morning. I’m pretty sure it’s still night but… yeah.”
Tony kept talking all through the appetizer, but stopped once the main course was set on the table.
“But…”
“He’s a dangerous man to know my secrets,” Steve said. “And smart enough to figure them out before I’m ready to tell him.”
Steve huffed. “That’s what you think,” he said, just to be defiant. He glared at Natasha because she was the one who must have told Clint and Thor about his accidental coffee meeting with Tony. She shrugged. He knew she meant well, but he really wished she had kept that information to herself. “How about you stop speculating who I’m sleeping with, and concentrate on the issue at hand?” he asked sternly.
“Guys, come on, give him a break,” said Bruce. He always was the calm one in any situation. Steve was grateful for it.
With those thoughts he stormed into the huge hangar they had at their base, where they usually held their meetings with Iron Man, and gritted his teeth when he saw the armored man already talking and laughing with Bruce and Natasha.
But he knew he couldn't let anger get the best of him, not now when Tony needed him. “You
“He’s my AI,” Tony said, “Say hi, JARVIS.”
Maybe if he had acknowledged it, if he didn’t took it out on Tony, things would have been different.
“Tony?” Steve asked, unsure.
“Natasha,” he tried to get her attention. “Is everything all right?”
Natasha looked surprised for a second, as if she didn’t really think Steve would believe her over Tony. But Steve and Natasha went way back. He knew she was the best at reading people. He will always trust her judgment, and he knew that she wouldn’t accuse Tony of anything unless she was absolutely certain of it.
“I’m not comfortable with that,” Steve said. It made him uneasy, thinking about breaching Tony’s privacy like that, betraying his trust.
Natasha shook her head. “No way. You could never be meaningless to him.” Steve smiled at her gratefully but she wasn't done. “Listen, whether he realized it or not, Tony does have feelings for you. You just have to help him get his head out of his ass and accept it as inevitable that you two belong together.”
Natasha sighed. “We’ll discuss this later. What do you want to do now?”
"What are you doing up, Cap, isn't it a bit past your bedtime?"
“Hello, darling,” he drawled. Not much could be seen behind him, apart from what appeared to be some heavy machinery and gadgets that made no sense to Steve. It was probably the man’s workshop and Steve was surprised he was letting them see even this much. Iron Man was very guarded when it came to his identity or anything revolving his personal life, and it was the one thing that he and Steve could agree on.
Lost in thought, he didn’t even realize he wandered off toward the Stark Tower. The building was hard to miss, looming over everything. It was modern in a way that showed you exactly what future was going to look like.
“Come on, then,” Tony said. He took his hand and pulled, and Steve followed, knowing he would follow this man to the end of the world and not minding one bit.
So it was Natasha who spoke first. “Thank you for coming.”
The Captain, however. The Captain would have that kind of information. He needed to be the one to tell him.
“Fine,” Steve said.
“But how many bases like that does he have? There was a lot of weapons there.” Bruce said.
Steve frowned in confusion. There was no way they could know who he was. He was just a small time artist. Apart from their tattoos, they didn’t look like big art people.
Steve thought that he could have stayed in that position forever, watching Tony and laying on the couch, not worrying about anything.
Tony shifted on the couch, turning his attention to Steve fully, ignoring the TV. “What do you think would have happened?” he asked. “If we were together when Thanos attacked? Do you think it would have gone differently? Would we have won?”
The next day, Steve made his way toward Stark Tower.
“Well, I didn’t know that at the time, did I?”
Tony laughed bitterly. “What do you think?” he was staring at Steve, at his blond hair and blue eyes. He was only inches away from him, but it felt like miles.
He was talking about his company, about his inventions, about Pepper. Steve realized that once Tony started talking, there wasn’t much that could stop him. Steve’s occasional ‘oh’s and ‘mhmm’s were enough for him to keep going. It was endearing, and Steve was grateful to just be able to sit back and listen.
was left unsaid.
Peggy smiled, a small, soft thing, like the one she used to direct at him when they first started dating. Steve was glad she found someone to smile at like that again. “He’s doing fine, thank you. And you? Anyone knocked you off your feet yet?” she said it like she already resigned herself to hearing
Steve smiled, still without looking up. “Please don’t make a Titanic reference.”
At least until the actual meeting.
After making sure everyone was okay and uninjured, Steve sat down in the corner and pulled up data from the fight that Bruce had put together.
Steve, now worried, came to stand next to her and looked down.
Steve shook his head. He knew Tony had secrets. He told Steve he didn’t want to tell him yet, and Steve was fine with that. But Steve knew already. Because he was the Captain and he found out about Tony’s weapons before Tony got a chance to tell him himself. “That’s different.”
He directed Clint and Natasha toward the back door. They trusted him to know what he was doing.
“Remember when I told you yesterday that I thought you knew how I felt?”
But it was just an illusion, a way to mess with Steve’s head, because just before he left, the face tattoo guy turned one last time, as if remembering. “Oh, and by the way, Captain, your team has been looking for you. Don’t worry, we sent them on quite a wild goose chase. They won’t find you here.” With that he winked and walked out of the room.
They walked like that, hand in hand, through Central Park. It was nice, being able to just walk in silence and enjoy each other’s company, without it being awkward.
“When he became Captain America, everyone finally saw what I saw. He could finally…Steve could have the life he’d always wanted. There was Peggy and now there’s
“Like I’ve said before, Steve, we’re pals.”  Tony drums three fingers on the table top, looks up and looks away, hating himself for not being able to meet Steve’s eyes.
“I’d get inside you, fuck you nice and slow and hard.”  He can feel a surge of pre-come drip from his dick as he speaks the words, the thought more than enough to bring him near the edge.  Steve’s face darkens in the best way, his eyes dilating with pleasure.  Steve turns and pulls out his nightstand drawer halfway, leaves it hanging open.  He then stretches out across his bed.
They both pause, breathless, in the aftermath. Tony pushes a hand through the streaks and globs of come clinging to Steve’s skin, a somewhat wild and wicked smile breaking over his face.
Tony throws himself down onto one of the leather armchairs arranged along the wall across from Pepper’s desk, slouching petulantly like an angry child. Pepper eyes him wearily.
“You smell like the bottom of a bottle,” Steve comments, not exactly criticizing, more observing.  Tony nods, knowing Steve can feel the inaudible response.  Steve sighs softly and then reaches to set his paintbrush down on the easel’s edge.  “Have you eaten anything tonight?  Let me heat up that leftover lentil chili.”
“Thor said he knew –”
There is a sleek black Town Car waiting for them at the curb, door held open by a young agent who seems to be struggling to keep the required frown on his face.  There’s been an influx of new, eager recruits since the Battle of New York and not all of them seem to have mastered “SHIELD Stoic” as of yet.  Coulson being back in action should probably help with that lapse in training.
Tony fixes himself up as best he can, tucking his still sensitive cock back into his pants and zipping up, then smoothing down his clothes, straightening his tie. He runs a hand through his hair and then stands up, surprised to find his legs are still shaky underneath him.
“No shit, Happy?  Really?”
“I’m not worried,” Tony lies, which hardly matters because Steve sees right through him, his touch stuttering to a stop before he pulls his hand away.
“Tony didn’t want you gone, Steve, he just wanted you out of arm’s reach.”
Steve’s had to fight him for every inch of ground in this relationship, from the day they met up until right now.  Steve always has been better about the honest emotions, about making the effort, about the straightforward, straight up love that has no use for ironic distance.  Steve doesn’t love with the safety on.
only makes it all the more noticeable and awkward.
in Aspen.”
The lumber yard is just across the way, and Tony wonders if that’s where the man ducked into. The tool belt and the sawdust on his pants clearly mean he’s a workman of some kind. They’ve already seen the lumber yard, but Tony debates asking to go back and hurriedly tries to come up with a good reason for doing so.
and shakes his head, smiling fondly.
“He wasn't so uncouth about it, but yes, I've been looped in on the matter.”
His cigarette is half-burned through, and when he stands up straight, Bucky’s face pinches sharply in discomfort as if he’s been lazing on the porch for quite awhile and his muscles have grown stiff. His pupils constrict as he moves out of the darkness to where the moonlight and streetlight can find him, making his eyes look so much sharper and colder.
He shifts down the bed, running his hands over Steve’s body, just feeling him react.  He’s never felt so powerful and powerless at the same time.  He touches and touches, flat of his palms moving over Steve’s skin, trying to follow Steve’s cues and not push him too far too fast.
Iron Man.”
“With the Bifrost destroyed, it saddens me to tell you that the powers of Heimdall are severely limited.  It is only through the grace of my father, Odin, that I may travel to and from Midgard.”
They don’t. As Clint starts their approach, they all set their shoulders, readying themselves for a fight.
"No. Nothing I found. Everything about him is perfect," Tony says, mentally yelling at himself for losing focus so noticeably.
Clint’s mind very rapidly goes through the five stages of grief, plus some other emotions thrown in for good measure. The main contenders are shock and anger, and it’s a close tie for dominance. But Steve had informed them of how Tony had reacted when Steve had caught him looking at the shield, so Clint resolutely pushes the anger aside. Hawk had also noticed his string catching when he’d been using the bow that morning, but having years of experience with archery, he knew that all that was needed was to replace the string. Not to mention that fact that
“I will. I promise.”
Once his heart rate returns to something resembling normal, Tony returns the favor, and Steve pulls him close as he nears his own completion, whispering words of love into Tony's ear as he paints the sheets white between them.
“No, you said morning! The sun is coming up!” Tony insists, pushing on Steve’s shoulder again. Steve fakes a snore and half way rolls on top of the boy. Tony struggles and wiggles his way out from under the Captain, sitting on his back when Steve finishes rolling onto his stomach. “You gotta get up! You said we could see the apple trick and make pie!” Tony bounces up and down on Steve’s waist, continuing to push on his shoulders.
Thor places a hand on top of Natasha's where it rests on his arm, and squeezes it gently in thanks. He reaches out his hands, and Natasha gently hands him the sleeping Steve. They walk into the house, securing the jet in its home in the garage.
"You asked," comes the archer's response, coupled with a laugh, "I think the rest is pretty self explanatory. Insert, thrust, finish. Wash, rinse, repeat. As often as possible, if you're me. But why are you asking me about this instead of talking to Tony? Surely he, with his unlimited internet access, knows all this already."
explode, it's made out of vibranium, not tissue paper. It'd probably be the only thing that survived the explosion."
Enjoy!
“Hey, you don’t need to worry about them. That’s Captain America remember? He’s the best superhero out there, and he always comes home safe,” Clint assures the boy, laying a hand on his shoulder.
He creeps into his room and shucks off his outer layer of clothing, slipping into his pajama pants and a sleep shirt. He gently helps the half-asleep Tony out of his pajamas and into on of the Captain’s shirts, not wanting him to wake up being strangled by too small of clothing. Then he slips under the covers and pulls the boy close, pressing several kisses to the top of his head.
, it’s not permanent.”
She asks about where he went before Tony caught up with him and he tells her, which is more than Tony’s been able to make him do.  They make plans to visit the MoMA when he gets back to New York, which is the first time Tony’s heard Steve even mention going back home.  It’s immediately obvious that Pepper needs no prompting to be Steve’s friend, and he wonders how long she’s been avoiding the connection out of deference to Tony.
“Right, so you may as well tell me.  I’m going to know, eventually.”
*******
Steve’s mouth slants perfectly over his, tongue sliding deep and pulling him immediately into a world where only the two of them exist.  Tony lets himself get lost in it, reveling in the feel of Steve’s lips, the warmth and strength of his body pressed close, the tug of his strong fingers threading through his hair.
“Genius, millionaire, playboy, philanthropist,” Tony reminds her. “I have an image to uphold.”
There’s a sharp jab in his arm and he turns to fight the person off, but it’s no use.  There’s nothing after that.
“Hollywood heathens! This is not how one treats genius!” Then Lensherr storms out of the soundstage, shoulder bumping a rack of C-stands as he goes.
Apparently even Monty’s posh accent wasn’t persuasive enough, this time. Steve frowns at the set that’s coming together in front of him.
His father always saw New York as something to be improved, his mother viewed it as something to be tamed, but Tony reveled in its dirt, its stubborn wild nature, its utter refusal of predictability.  He always saw something more than they did and felt special because of it.  Like the truth about this place was a secret only he understood.
“Why ever not? This Tony Stark is quite a powerful man, from my understanding. Would it not be beneficial to have him as a business associate, and perhaps a friend?” Thor glances between Steve and Bucky, genuinely perplexed.
The new ending rolls out and Tony gives up trying to be discreet. He openly stares at Steve as Steve watches the original closure completely undone by a more ambiguous tag.
“You bet your ass I am.  Come over here.” Tony huffs, gestures even harder for him to move.  Steve relents and moves to where Tony stands in the middle of the room.  “Good.  You’re going to lead, so…” Tony arranges Steve’s hands, putting one around his waist and extending the other, clasping it with his own.
Manhattan takes his breath away as Steve weaves in and out of traffic, hugging the lower curve of the island.  He almost asks Steve to edge west off the parkway so they can take a long, twisting drive north up the length of the island, through the crazy mess of streets below Houston – the graffiti-covered stalls all closed up for the night on Canal, the cozy restaurants open late in Little Italy, the last few dive bars left in the Bowery, all the tiny community gardens and twenty-four hour bodegas in Alphabet City…he suddenly wants to see this city, like he needs to know it’s all still there.
and it seemed so unfair, no matter if Steve returned his feelings or not.
“God, Steve, it wasn’t about that.”  Tony runs both his hands through his hair.  “And just so you know, if there’s someone after
“Matter? I’d like it to. Doesn't it?"
“You okay, Cap?”
Steve blushes deeply, warmed by the thought of Tony talking about him that way.  With Pepper, no less.
They lurch from the hangar, wavering slightly, but Dr. Ross wrangles better control as soon as they’re clear.  Steve tries to think what he should ask her but he has too many thoughts and each time he tries to grab hold of one, it slips through his fingers.
“You’re Tony Stark.”  Barnes says, not really a question.  There’s a glimmer of recognition there, along with so much sadness that it’s actually quite staggering.  It cuts sharply through Tony’s own anger and grief.  “I wish you would’ve kept him away just awhile longer.”
“’Hug it out’?”
“Can we leave?  I mean, can you take me somewhere?  I need to get out of here.”
Thankfully, Darcy’s boss interrupts, turning in her seat on the couch to face them.
“Better?”  He whispers, dropping his head down and resting his chin against the top of her head.  Her hair smells like orchids; its color still reminds him of blood.
“I know that, but the diseases festering on that thing are probably ones you’ve never heard of, old timer.”
“Nigel, a pleasure as always. Some weeks ago, I was offered a viewing of your wine cellar, but I demurred. I do hope that’s still possible?”
“Really. God, why?” He turns fully in his seat, screwing his face up in puzzlement. Coulson leans forward, resting his elbows on the chair back in front of him.
“If you…” Loki nods, sliding one hand to cup Steve from behind as the other slips to his belt buckle. Steve glances down nervously at Loki’s hand between his legs and then back up to his face, and reluctantly nods back. Loki moves closer, mouth drifting over Steve’s for a moment. Steve closes his eyes tightly as Loki’s lips press against his. They’re nearly the same height, and it’s different in every way from kissing Tony.
"Yeah...that Hank's a piece of work. I should catch up, we're old pals, she and I."
“Can we…not talk about this anymore?”
After she hangs up, she rips off the piece of paper and holds it up in the air.
“I drew,” Steve spits out, stopping Tony’s guesses from growing ever more ludicrous.  “I mean…I draw.  S’pose it’s merely a hobby now.  But before…it was my job.”
“I know what seatbelts –“ Steve stops, deciding it’s not worth the argument.  He yanks the belt across his shoulder and his midsection and snaps it into place.  “Will you at least tell me where we’re going, please?”
“Some?” Tony glances again to the house across the street. “Jan’s drunk as a skunk and Bucky’s blitzed; how drunk are
The nights when they comfortably lean into each other until they’re drowsy and nodding, Tony reading off his tablet while Steve holds a thick book, are nearly as bad as the evenings when Tony spreads Steve out on the mattress and fucks him until Steve forgets himself and takes the Lord’s name in vain, over and over.
Steve’s cowl is pushed back and he looks like there are a lot of things he really wants to say.  He opts for putting a hand over Tony’s shoulder, patting the dented curve of metal like he’s simply too tired to do anything else.
Happy is looking at him, eyebrows arched, but after all these years the man’s learnt not to ask.  Tony shrugs anyway, grunting.
Steve laughs at that, an unhinged kind of guffaw that doesn’t sound at all right coming from him.  He rubs his palms over his knees, agitated.
“Well I guess I could head to the lab, see what Bruce is up to.”  He reaches for the keypad to direct the elevator elsewhere but Happy coughs a little, making him stop.
Steve looks at him over the top of the menu, with its exuberant illustration of seagulls flying and waves crashing against rocks splashed across its front. He stares at Tony for a long, weighted moment, the joy of their brief touch slowly ebbing away.
Tony watches Pepper go and then turns to the group, plastering on a bright smile and jiggling the bottle of wine.
“Really?” Steve asks before he can stop himself, curiosity getting the better of him. Bucky cocks an eyebrow at his enthusiasm and Steve can feel his cheeks flush. He quickly focuses back on stirring chopped basil and minced garlic into the tomatoes, and tries to play it off as mere conversation. “That must have been interesting.”
Tony’s standing in the doorway, leaning against the closed glass with his hand on the knob, poised for a quick exit.
“I need even less shut-eye than he does.” He nods his head toward Steve, who shifts a little in his sleep, tightening his arm around Tony’s middle and nuzzling his face closer to Tony’s neck. Bucky’s gaze rests heavy on the two of them together, and Tony thinks back to the moment where Bucky got possessive, how he claimed Steve and then Tony as well.
“Bucky, I…”
“I…I’m fine.”  Steve doesn’t sound fine.  He doesn’t sound fine at all.
He opens his mouth to try but Steve speaks first.
“And he cooks, too.” She winks flirtatiously. “Count me in, kid.”
“It does when he built it so I would leave him alone.” He’s angrier than he’d like but of all people, he would’ve thought Pepper would understand that for Tony, building that studio was just the easiest way of getting Steve out of his hair, the path of least resistance.  Money is no matter to Tony and he had others to do the work; beneath the surface of the gesture there was nothing of substance.  It was merely a Stark’s version of a practical solution.
“Tony Stark, ready for anything.” Happy states and Tony agrees without thinking, the boast as natural as breathing.  It’s not until the elevator doors close on Happy’s departing figure that he stops to consider if it’s true.
There’s a bit of a to-do when Olivia De Havilland and Montgomery Clift finally arrive to set, their stand-ins gratefully ducking out to go find some shade. He smiles when Thomas looks back at him for his reaction; he’s probably supposed to be impressed, just as he was probably supposed to be awed when he shook William Wyler’s hand, or when they crossed paths with Claude Rains earlier in the day on a different set.
“I don't remember
a Russian super assassin acquire pasta know-how?  Not a lot of borscht in Italian cuisine.”
He wishes he could forget.
“Glad to see you’re making new friends.” Fury says and even though he and Sharon Carter have only made it through two faltering, somewhat painful conversations about his relationship with her Great Aunt Peggy, Steve doesn’t bother to contradict him.
“Really, Tony?”  She asks, tired.
His cock is already sliding between Tony’s cheeks just from the position Tony’s put them in. His tip catches the rim of Tony’s hole, slipping inside just a little. It’s an easy move; Tony is slick and open.
Steve’s bewildered now, and it begins to feel like it used to, before Colorado, before Vegas, before everything.  Steve’s perplexed, and he’s pissed off, and no one almost kissed anybody.
“It’s all yours.” There’s no good reason for him to ask for its return if he’s never going to call the man. He shouldn’t have held onto it this long, and he should probably be glad the decision of whether or not to keep it is not really in his hands any longer.
“Carry on then.”  Tony waves with an imperious air, sauntering toward the elevator.  “Just be careful of rusty nails, don’t know if super soldiers are immune to tetanus.”
His words grab Tony’s heart and twist painfully.
Tony believes him, this time.
“You’re too modest. I’ve seen your work, I’ve heard the talk around town. You’re in demand.”
“Here we are, Chateau Marmont.” Happy announces as he slows to a gentle stop in front of the shaded entrance to the hotel, marked by white stone walls and a small sign that one could easily pass by if one weren’t looking closely. The building itself is hard to miss, however, the gothic architecture reminiscent of a small, strange castle – part French, part L.A., and, Steve thinks, wholly out of place.
.” God, had she been a beaut, all shined up in red, white and blue, so perfectly balanced and streamlined for Rhodey’s complicated aerobatics. His modifications to the Boeing Stearman 75 had made the
Thor’s atop the Flatiron Building, attempting to re-direct the hordes as they swarm up Sixth Avenue.  The ranks of these pale blue, humanoid
Pepper actually huffs.
“I don’t like water that much.  Hardly worth the trouble.”
Only after that does he finally face Steve.  He’s still not ready for what he sees.
“It’s something.”  Steve retrieves a glass from the cupboard and glances toward Tony, holding it up in offer.  Tony allows the conversation to be diverted elsewhere, pretty sure he doesn’t really want to get too deep into this with Steve anyway.
is, exactly. Peggy had been slightly vague on the details. He’d been surprised by her call in the first place, not having heard from her in going on two years. He may have agreed to the meeting partially because he’d been so happy to hear her lovely British lilt after such a long time apart.
Tony straightens his tie, now a pale blue instead of the bright red he’d grabbed this morning when Steve had awkwardly watched him begin to dress. His whole outfit has changed, and Steve can see smudges of oil and dirt that weren’t there before staining the sides of his fingers.
“Look. I can’t tell you why or how, but please just know that I am doing this
“You should probably know right now that my father and I didn’t exactly see eye-to-eye, to put it lightly. I really want no part of whatever he did here in Hollywood before.”
Tony waves Steve off, knowing from the earnest look on his face that this is going somewhere touchy-feely and not wanting to visit that particular land of marshmallows and sunshine tonight.
The back door of the kitchen opens, the cool breeze blowing through and demanding everyone’s attention.  Steve feels Tony tense up beside him, stopping mid-action with more popcorn halfway toward his mouth.  The entire room is conspicuously quiet for a beat too long.
“Stark…?”  Comes a weak voice down by his right foot.  A bloody hand reaches up from the rubble, grabbing onto his ankle.
Tony clears the floor, finding no one left alive, and moves upward.  It’s eerily quiet.  The place is a jagged maze of broken glass, torn wires, and heavy debris.  Sprinklers have come on and since turned off, water dripping everywhere and pooling under his feet.
The feed of Tony and Steve’s bedroom is live when Natasha slips soundlessly through the broken window, landing softly a few steps behind him.
“No. Not at all.” It’s a confident, absolute refusal, and Tony immediately believes it. “Honestly, he’s more my brother than anything. Been living in each other’s pockets since we were kids. He’s the only family I got.”
His first instinct is
“Can’t believe I could’ve made you mine all night and I fucked it up.” Tony breathes against Steve’s lips as they both gasp for air.
Sighing, Steve steps away from the sink and climbs into the shower. The water is scalding on his skin and even though the pain is bright and sharp, he doesn’t move from the spray. He closes his eyes and ducks his head under the steady stream of water.
“Betty Ross.  She was my…she worked with me on the experiments that lead up to…”  Tony wishes Bruce would spit it out; he’s tired of the man dancing around his own condition.
Steve chuckles a little at that, which makes Tony feel victorious even as he’s sure he should be giving up this whole conversation and walking away.
“That’s not what I meant.  You just look more…alive.”
“I really mean it. The thought of being able to give this to Steve, I dunno…it doesn’t make me feel sad, or jealous, or whatever it is someone might think I should feel. I feel
made Steve’s head spin like this. He's already afraid that Tony's the only person who ever will.
“How about as long as you’ll stay.”
But there is.
“That’s the thing. There’s gonna be a point where it’s not going to be enough, I can see that plain as day. For you, for me, for Tony. Not like we are now.”
The kiss is urgent and demanding.  Steve gasps in surprise and Tony slips his tongue inside to deepen things fast.  Steve tries to react but his mind is blank, his power to speak and to act wiped away and the space filled with thoughts of Tony and Tony alone.
The air is musty with the smell of film developer and fixer and Tony wonders about the ventilation situation in here for a moment before Bruce speaks again, distracting him from trying to locate all the fans and ducts and airshafts.
But Tony said he could handle being ruined. Tony said he could come through it. Tony has money. Tony has power. And Tony left
“A motorcycle?” Tony’s eyebrow lifts like he’s pleasantly surprised. “I wouldn’t have guessed. What’s the make and model?”
After that, Steve loses track of time.  They leave that casino only after a young woman approaches him in the lounge and strikes up a conversation.  Tony’s drink has turned watery in his hand before Tony appears to extricate him from the awkward situation.  He seems amused at Steve being propositioned by a prostitute, but his mood turns slightly dark for a little while afterward.  Steve thinks maybe Tony expected him to be a little more mortified than he was, but mainly Steve felt saddened by such a lovely dame being in such desperate straits.
“I could still drive us out to my place.” It’s late, and it’d be a long ride, but it’s safer than here, with neighbors around and Bucky, oh god,
She heads for the gym while Thor takes the two boys in hand and leads them into the kitchen. Clint is standing in front of the adult Steve's punching bag going to town on it, wailing away in anger. Instead of interrupting him immediately, she takes a seat on the weight bench and waits for him to calm down enough to talk to her. He senses her presence, but doesn't turn to look at her. After a few more minutes of furious punching, he stops and steadies the bag.
Over their dinner of homemade macaroni and cheese, Tony insists that the team tell him all about the different bad guys they’ve fought. They acquiesce, though they leave out all the gory bits and anything that directly involves Iron Man. Once the meal is over, Natasha shoos Steve out of the kitchen and does the dishes, (which surprises the hell out of Steve, but he doesn’t question it,) and he settles on the couch while Tony picks out a movie to watch before bedtime. He chooses Lilo and Stitch, (so he can show Thor what aliens are
“I have some. I brought them. One shot and I can take out weapons and navigation systems. She’ll stay airborne, but they’ll be flying dead stick till the engineers can sort them out. Two shots and she falls out of the sky,” Clint answers before Steve can finish asking the question. He doesn’t like talking about what he did under Loki’s control, has in fact threatened to shoot anyone who brings it up, but having a back-up plan incase SHIELD ever turns on them seemed like a good idea.
His attention is diverted from snarking back at Widow by the sound of Hulk’s roar, the not-so-jolly green giant crashing back into view and bringing half of the Macy’s storefront down with him.
Tony’s pretty sure Steve heard what Bucky said out there, and he doesn’t quite know how to handle it. On one hand, he’s sure that Steve loves him. It’d been a long, hard battle to believe that, but he won it. He’s not surrendering that crown. It’s his, and he earned it by slaying his own demons and defeating his insecurities.
By the time Steve reaches his floor, he already doubts his choice.
“Why assume it’s a joke? Maybe I’m feeling sentimental.”
“I’m inside you,” Bucky says, and for a second, he sounds sixteen again. He repeats it like he can’t quite believe this is actually happening. “Steve, I’m inside you.”
“Tiberius Stone.”
“Pardon?”
“It’s all right, Tony. I just have to…” Bucky tries to explain it, but the right words won’t come. “It just…it
After that misadventure, Tony destroyed all variations of his Iron Man armor, removed the power source from inside his chest, and officially retired.  Fury almost seemed peeved about that, as if he’d finally gotten used to trusting Stark at the very moment Stark decided to give the whole thing up.
“I think the last time I gave you a bath, you were at death’s door with a bad case of pneumonia,” Bucky says, wrapping a strong hand around Steve’s thin wrist. “I wouldn’t mind having a nicer memory to replace that one.”
“I apologize for not giving you my complete attention, Tony, but see, I haven’t been sleeping all that well.”
Tony feels it again now as he stands in the darkness of his empty bedroom. He puts his hand over his heart; he can feel it racing out of time as something like panic trips through his veins.
Steve exhales a long, slow breath, not knowing how to explain it. Tony’s lived his whole life in the spotlight – he’s never known anything else – and he’ll probably never understand how uncomfortable Steve feels about the pursuit of fame. He holds Tony carefully away from himself for a long moment, and then opens the bathroom door. He heads back to the bedroom, Tony trailing behind him.
, Tony. No new messages since the last time you asked half an hour ago.”
, however, is pure twenty-first century Steve, the Steve who sleeps in Stark’s bed every night and has picked up a few of the man’s less appealing tics and habits.
Bucky doesn’t know everything about him, after all, so it’s rather arrogant to assume he understands Bucky so completely.
“I don’t get it – what is it that you’re you scared of? It’s not just about someone finding out you like my dick, I know that much.” Despite himself, Steve’s cheeks flush at Tony’s crude attitude. “You were against this whole idea before we ever slept together.”
Clint has shed his suit coat, a bold move for an upscale place like The Shield, but he flouts the rules of etiquette even more than Bucky these days. He's also sporting a purpling bruise and a row of stitches over his right eyebrow, and somehow this only adds to his puckish charm. His body, run roughshod from years in the stunt business, sports a fantastic number of scars and Clint has a fabulous story for each and every one. Steve often catches him with some wide-eyed ingénue, rolling up his sleeve or his pant leg and doling out the crazy story of how he received each particular injury.
He reaches down and grips the bottom hem of Tony’s black tee, lifting upward and giving Tony no choice but to go with it.  Steve tosses the shirt aside and pulls Tony back close, the following kiss deep and quite thorough.  He’s really good at this kissing thing, good enough that Tony’s actually feeling a bit dizzy.  Steve’s hands start to work at his belt and zipper and it takes him a minute to catch up to the action.
Peter can most certainly
“All we need now are some pigeons and the stink of the subway and it will be as if I never left home.”
“Steve got him something.”
“Here you are, sirs. If you just follow the corridor for about one hundred-twenty paces, this will lead you directly to the lower level of the Chateau. The elevator can take you directly to your floor. I will arrange for your personal items from the coat room to be messengered to the hotel to await you at the front desk, at your convenience, of course.”
“Well you can rest easy. I’m never going to see Tony Stark again.” Steve rises from the bed and crosses to the closet, pulling his button-down and undershirt over his head as he goes. He suddenly needs to be free of everything from the night before.
“Well, come on now, that was supposed to be
He thinks he hears Tony breathe a small sigh of relief and Steve can’t say as he blames him.
*******
“Then what is it about?”
Steve opens the door, deciding then and there to leave this theatre and never look back.
“It’s gorgeous.”
, right?” Tony continues, as simply as if clarifying directions on a road map.  “He said nothing about me.”
When he stands back upright, Steve nearly jumps out of his skin to see another reflection in the mirror beside his.
tomahto'."
“I forgot to slice the bread.”  She turns on her feel and disappears into the kitchen.  Steve makes a move to follow her, offer a hand, but Bucky pulls him back.
“And what about you?”
“No, no, I know.” Tony interrupts. He doesn’t want to hear more. “I get it, Steve. I do.” He wipes his face and turns back to Steve, who still looks so heartbroken that it rends Tony’s own heart in two. “I’ll…I’ll walk you out.”
“What Steve needs is Tony – he’s made that
"She doesn't actually live there." Steve mumbles, wondering why Tony's shown up unannounced and is talking about the neighborhood, of all things.
And then a strange blue light emits from the helicopter and Tony’s falling.  Everything’s gone dark, his wiring short-circuiting and his programs failing.
“So don’t fuck it up.” Pepper replies.  Like it’s that simple.  Pepper puts her hand on his arm, pulls him to look at her.  “You have to at least try, Tony.”
His eyes lift toward their bed as soon as he drops his keys in the bowl on the counter and enters the main room.  The bedroom is empty, the mattress on the floor probably just as rumpled as he left it this morning.
is the reason he’s starting to remember his true identity.”
“I’m just so tired, Tasha.”
“Count me out.”  He loves Steve’s Eggs Benedict but he’s not about to give the man the satisfaction.  “I’ll either be sleeping or in a conference call with the folks in London.”
And for some reason, that’s when it hit him - the formulas Other-Tony had left him - they were the path-integral formulation. Proof that quantum mechanics is probabilistic - in other words, the only reason he and Steve weren’t together, weren’t married in this universe, was purely due to luck. He
“I take it you found our temporary visitor, then.” Tony lightly interrupted, already having turned back to his screens, typing away. As if this was just another day. It
"Now you know." Tony sat at the bar stool behind Steve, watching him work at the stove. Soon, he was slightly more awake and realized the kitchen smelled amazing. "What'cha making?"
Well, he did keep having private conversations with the others...maybe they couldn't help with the reactor plant after all, and were trying to find a way to tell Tony? It would be really disappointing, crushing really, but if that was the case, he'd rather know now.
"Now…you see how he avoids me. Hell, he’s talked to
A.I. was forming an attitude as well.
couldn't even know that for sure. You know how politics is. See how quickly the team signed the New Hero Deal once you brought them all in to consult? They're happy now, and they've made their choice.”
"And somehow you still think he's straight."
"I know that!" He realized now that he was yelling, and took a deep breath. "I know." Another breath to bring his temper back down. "It's just...I can take care of myself. I don't need him baby-ing me like SHIELD did."
to work. The team. Us.”
“No. Keep going.” Tony encouraged him. “Just stings a little, but I’ll need it for that huge thing.” He said, referring to Steve’s cock, which gave a little twitch at the mention of filling him up. Steve slowed down anyways, adding more lube, taking his time to open Tony up just right. It was obvious that Tony wasn’t as experienced with this as the Other-him had been, Steve wasn’t sure if he’d ever been with a man before at all. But that made it all the more intimate, sharing these new and exciting experiences with the person he loved.
Steve stopped rubbing his arm, and patiently listened.
The real kicker was when Steve - amidst this wonderful, if not confusing hug - said he would miss him. This was...unprecedented. Tony let himself feel some hope. He croaked back, trying to hide his welling emotions.
Steve took both of Tony’s hands, turning him so they were face to face, so he could look him in the eyes. “You’re right. We’re nothing like you Tony. And I mean that in the best way possible. We might look perfect from the outside, but that’s because we hide our flaws. We hide them to a fault. I get so nervous about hard truths, Tony - so scared that I hide them, I become a liar in the hopes of sparing myself and others the pain.
"What he doesn't know won't hurt him." Tony flicked a finger on Steve's nose, and the other man laughed wholeheartedly at that.
"Great!" After only a few minutes, it seemed Tony was done. "Now let's wait for that to cool down, we can run some tests on it later." He looked up and blinked a few times. It seemed he just now realized that Steve was sitting across from him. "Oh! Uhh...hey Cap."
"Heh, well, I don't know." Steve blushed, it really wasn't his place to take all the credit. "I didn't do all that much. You guys did all the hard work. I just told 'em my honest opinion, that's all. Besides, I think a lot of em' were giving me the stink eye on the way out. Don't get your hopes up too high on my account. Williams practically barreled through me to leave."
gravity were both the same, and the data from the star observations suggested that the universe was expanding at the same rate. By all accounts, everything should be exactly the same.
He decided, then and there, that the life they led in the mirror-universe wasn’t impossible after all - he didn’t need luck, wouldn’t need to break the laws of physics to keep Tony. He just needed to make the choice to love him, every day. To give up his pride and his fears for him.
"It sort of is." Tony said. "What are you doing here?"
Steve jerked his head up and down. But what if they couldn't see him? It was so dark. He tried to say something, but he couldn't get the words out. What if they couldn't hear him and they left him all alone again?
“Will do.” Steve pulled him in and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. Tony’s traitorous ears went pink. “Hmmm...is that a little blush I see? So you DO like me.” Steve teased.
"Y..yes? Not like-"
"Of course," Tony waved, as if it was a given. "It's been almost a week, we can't keep taking up the hotel rooms around here when the building contractors need them more."
"Huh? Y-you....what?" Tony frowned. "Because we told the board that I would bring on the Avengers to do it for charity?"
"So, where do you want to go for dinner, baby?" Steve kissed Tony again, wondering if he'd ever be able to keep his hands to himself again. Probably not.
“Tony went into a parallel universe, and the Tony from
When he got back to the tower, he found Bruce running tests on Thor.
“What are you doing?”
"I thought so." Tony pulled his drink close to him and took a long sip too. It was nice that Tony wasn't too manly or proud to enjoy these fruity treats. "Let me guess. You spent your whole trip going from diner to diner, ordering meat and potatoes for dinner every night?"
"Really?"
"You saw that couple in the blue who just wouldn't stop? I swear I've seen them on Dancing with the Stars! Have you watched that yet? It's a dancing competition show. Maybe we should practice, I bet we can be on next season! They do a lot of salsa on there, it's a very expressive form of dance, great for TV, but you totally noticed that today, right?" Tony was still full of energy as they stepped out of the car, excitedly recounting their night. Expressive was definitely one way to describe the evening. All of Steve's senses were on overdrive. Seeing the way Tony smirked when he was able to pull off a new move. Smelling Tony's slightly spicy cologne whenever he was tugged in close. Still hearing the chest-thumping beat of the music ringing in his ears. Feeling Tony grab him all over, twisting and contorting their bodies with electrifying precision. He was now keenly aware of why Tony was so good at piloting and fighting in the Ironman suit.
“Really?” Steve blurted out. “You didn’t tell me!”
“No!” Tony shook his head in Steve’s chest, and grabbed his shirt sleeves, pulling him closer. “Stop! Stop saying you’ll go!”
(See the end of the chapter for
how could he help himself? He tried to think of a way to avoid this being a one-and-done thing. But Steve
"Oh...um..." Steve stuttered. "I'm...I'm not good at dancing. Really."
When some sparks started to fly from the hose that was now spewing fire, Steve tried not to look at the blinding light, focusing on the back of the Ironman suit. There was a panel missing from the back of the armor's thigh. Steve idly wondered how much Tony's ass hurts when he sits in the suit, if there were essentially a bunch of metal and wires under it.
"Stevie! You did it!"
but this emotionless state they were in now, as if they hadn't been best friends just a year ago. As if they meant nothing to each other.
"Mm." Tony was afraid to do or say something else that might set him off, but he knew Steve was responding well to touch, so he just rubbed the big man's back.
"I'm happy to hear that." She smiled. "It's good to know that he's made friends with you all. I was worried when he first told me everyone was moving in, but it seems you all care about each other as much as I care about him."
“No! And you
“Mhm.” Tony shut him up with his lips. It took a couple hours for Steve to finally send out the Avengers call for a mandatory relaxation day.
He was mortified, but somehow found the fortitude to sit through breakfast. Thankfully, Thor and Bruce joined them soon after, and conversation was light, so Steve didn't need much brain power to function. As soon as he was done eating, he decided he better retreat back to his apartment, to reset and focus up. He tried to sneak away when Clint arrived, late of course, and complaining that all the bacon was gone. But right before he made it to the elevators, he heard someone running after him.
asshole.” He chastised through gritted teeth.
Comments and kudos are much appreciated!! <3
any different from the Other-Tony. He wasn't the evil version of himself after all. Maybe Steve really
"Nnnnngh." Tony groaned into his pillow. "What can we do to help him, J?"
"Aye, what may look like magic to you mortals is merely science to us back in my world. I am glad to be of service to our curious friend. The advancement of the sciences is a noble pursuit!" Thor boasted, and Bruce set a hand on him to settle him down before pulling out a stethoscope.
"Such a sleepyhead."
Steve honestly wasn't expecting that reaction, and as quick as his reflexes were, his hands remained hovering behind Tony's back. He didn't know whether he could - whether he was
"Then we'll figure it out together." Tony stated, like it was obvious that they would be spending more time hanging out once Steve got back. The idea made Steve giddy.
go take a shower. He was sticky under his pajamas, and probably still smelled like dried up lube and sex. But he was finding it really hard to care enough to move.
And they fought again in Siberia. It was heartbreaking, earth-shattering, how such a beloved icon - an angel on earth - could bring Tony crashing down in moments like these. It was a war he never asked for, a war that he gladly surrendered every time Steve mercifully extended any shred of kindness towards him. Because through all their arguments - this was the same man who also gave him unforgettable moments, who made him so happy, made every minute of his miserable life worth it with nothing more than a smile. Steve had told him, time and time again, how proud he was of him, something Tony never heard from anyone else that he looked up to in his life.
