“The sex was good though,” he retorts with a nervous smirk. His brother glares at him, setting his jaw; he’s had it with Dean’s immaturity. Dean throws his hands up in surrender and says, “I’m kidding, I’m kidding. I promise I’ve learned my lesson.”
“I don't know all of his proposals but I know enough and I like them,” Dean merely shrugs. It’s the truth.
Rowena walked carefully but with determination towards the children. She offered the boy a somewhat kind smile, as kind as she could fake it, and knelt down to examine the injury. Two other witches, one male and the other female, walked through the door and towards them.
“Angels can reproduce with humans physically or through a bonding of grace and soul. The male angel could then become, in your terms, pregnant,” at this last word the angel raised his hands to make air quotes and this time Dean couldn't help the corner of his lips curving up; he loved it when Cas used air quotes, he found it hilarious.
“We’ll wait,” Byron said. “But you’d better be careful, Rowena. Don’t get attached to the boy. Sooner or later, we
Almost in a challenging way, Gabriel turns his back on Dean and continues whispering healing spells. Cas stretches his hand towards Dean, above his head.
“We need evidence. We need to find what that door opens, I bet that’ll give us some answers,” Sam concludes. He hesitates for a second but then, more gently, he adds, “and you need to be careful, Dean. Just in case, okay?”
The witch changed and called Byron’s chauffeur to pick them up. She took the baby in her arms, stopping Baltz from carrying him around in the wagon, and guided the boy into the car, then ordered the chauffeur to take them to a fancy restaurant. In the closest city, they stopped at a 5 stars hotel with a well-known restaurant and Rowena sat with the two little Winchesters for lunch, glowing with joy at all the attention and comfort she was receiving. It was such a shame she’d have to get rid of Byron.
“Do you want to meet him?” she asks all of a sudden and doesn’t wait for an answer before she’s leading Dean into the house. Ben is playing on a mat on the living room, surrounded by cubes of different colours, a wood train and cute stuffed animals. His hair sticks out in all directions and he’s still wearing his pyjamas, but the baby looks ready to be up and running, happy as he looks up at his mom. He stretches his chubby little arms towards her and she takes him in her arms, plating a big kiss on his cheek before passing the baby to Dean.
The group turns towards him and everyone freezes. Behind Castiel the dark spirit towers over him like a demonic shadow, eyes hollow and bright red. The terror in their eyes is visible even in the darkness and Castiel rejoices in it. The girls scream, the guy with the knife drops it and his jaw drops as he’s scared senseless. All of them suddenly bolt in the opposite direction but with a quick movement of his hand, the three men that were assaulting the teenagers freeze in place. Cas lowers his hand in a quick, sharp movement and the three of them fall down to their knees. He forces them to turn around while he continues to march towards them, feeling his magic like tentacles crawling up their bodies, taking control. He feels it crushing their meat, subduing them like the men are nothing but clay he can play with.
He screwed up. Big time. And it’s not like he hasn’t screwed up before, but this time the impact is different. This time, it feels like he could actually lose Cas.
“Nothing, never mind. I’m sorry,” Dean shook his head, lifting his head up for just a moment to smile at him, but it was a hollow smile, nothing like the sweet grin he’d wore just minutes ago for their son.
“You guys should come more often, this is fun,” Inias says, his eyes falling in Cas. He smiles at him in that way he used to before, in a way that means something
“I don’t know what I’m going to do if I lose him, Sam,” he confesses, his voice barely audible. “What am I supposed to do if he goes away? How am I ever going to pack his things and throw them out and pretend he never happened?”
so happy having breakfast with Charlie, the head of his PR team. When he comes into the room, Castiel lifts his head and gives him a severe look —of anger, resentment, frustration, Dean’s not sure but he knows it’s something bad— that throws Dean off his rhythm. He pauses for a moment, going back days, weeks,
he made out with two different people at the bar. That was back in the day when their friendship was quite new. It was established since then that a drunk Castiel is a slutty Castiel, a very amusing thing to watch, a once in a lifetime gift to humanity, although it requires constant surveillance in case some pervert tries to take advantage of him. Dean’s always begged him to get that drunk again because he finds it hilarious apparently, but Cas felt like he made a fool of himself that day so he vowed never to drink too much again. He prefers to be the parent friend who watches the rest get drunk and makes sure they all get some safely. Dean does it all the time, trusts Cas to watch over him and get him home in one piece.
, always good to count on you!” Dean yelled into thin air, rolling his eyes, then left the house to sit on the car in peace for a couple of minutes.
On shaky legs, Castiel goes to his nightstand, opens the first drawer and takes out a folder, then hands it to Dean.
“What about you, Dean? I don't suppose a man that looks like you has a hard time finding a partner.”
He blinks and for some reason looks over at Dean, as if he held all the answers. Dean just shrugs, patiently waiting for the brothers to have this discussion in which he doesn’t get to have a say, he’s obviously just there to support Cas… and even Gabriel, who confided in him on the way home to ask for his opinion.
“Slytherin,” Dean says right away, not expecting at all the reaction from Castiel, whose face falls as he looks rather offended.
They have movie night on Wednesdays and it’s too easy to get comfortable on the couch next to him. Even though he has to explain a lot of things throughout the films, Dean enjoys it, it doesn’t bother him at all. He has a good laugh every time, he finds it rather adorable how Cas is confused by the plots and the characters’ choices at least half the time. He’s too literal and logical to make sense of the movies but he watches them like an alien studying human behaviour and culture. Castiel never tells him to shut up, Dean’s got the feeling he could talk for hours and Cas would happily sit there and listen just to hear the sound of his voice.
He stands by the foot of his friend’s bed and watches him curl into a ball of misery under the covers. Castiel’s cheeks are flushed, he’s been crying again. It makes Dean’s inside twist; he hates the sight of that sweet boy rotting in silent agony.
He groaned at his own stupidity. He could get almost any strange woman to go back to his motel room with him in less than an hour without so much as breaking a sweat, but he couldn’t tell his best friend he loved him.
? From Charles? From what Dean gathers, both Clarice and Charles were truly in love, he didn’t sound like a violent guy.
Dean opens his mouth to disagree, then closes it again, thinking he actually knows nothing of angelic reproduction. He always figured they
did people insist in leaving him? One way or another, sooner or later, people always disappointed him, always left him. Sam should know better- Sam should know him better than
Dean shrugs, uncomfortable discussing painful memories, not sure why he brought it up in the first place. “I wanted a break from being me for a while. I had to take care of Sammy all the time… I just wanted a break. The first week was fun, nobody seemed to realize I wasn’t supposed to be there. Terrible admin from the camp runners, if you ask me… By the second week I was afraid my dad wasn’t gonna come looking for me, you know? That he’d skipped town without me. That scared me shitless, I couldn’t just leave Sammy alone.”
“Same with my parents,” Garth says. “And it’s worse because they’re more aware of what’s going on but I explained we’re not valid targets so that calmed them down a little bit. Still, they’re not happy to know they’re living in the same place as an evil witch that wants to kill all my friends.”
Castiel shook his head as he grabbed her suitcase. “You're wrong,” he said. “It makes you stronger. He didn't even have to fight you to win.”
He’s got to admit, he’s tempted to buy what Dean seems to be offering. Dean’s done it before, offering himself like a piece of meat to those he wants to impress. Castiel has seen this behaviour before in memories the mirror showed him. Maybe it wouldn’t be that bad to give in. After all, physical gratification is another thing witches strongly aim for, something that Satan preaches. He could use Dean to explore, to learn, to finally satisfy those urges he’s been bottling up. Maybe if he got a taste of Dean Cas would finally stop fantasizing about him when his mind wanders. And when he’s done with him, perhaps then Dean will hate him enough to stay away from him at last.
“Wow, wow, easy, there, Balthazar,” Dean placed a hand on his shoulder. “Alright, calm down, son, nobody’s kicking anyone out, okay? Just- don’t break the furniture, okay?”
With unexpected tenderness, Dean finds himself nudging the angel's nose with his own to call for his attention.
“Trust none of the policemen. If something happens to him, I-,” Dean inhale sharply, then swallowed hard. “I only trust you, Bobby.”
“I- I don’t know what you want, take anything you want, just please don’t harm the kids,” Josie pleaded, holding Zep close to her chest. She was in automatic mode, a part of him couldn’t even process what was happening.
John’s always been a really handy, practical guy who knows enough about a lot of things so that he doesn’t need to call anyone to do repairs around the house. He takes his time teaching Dean a few important things about keeping a house in good conditions, which none points out but is actually a nice bonding time for them. Not to mention Dean likes the idea of finally having a true home to care of, together, as a family. It’s a first for him.
best pies in the entire galaxy, the alley on the back of the movie theatre where Dean kissed a girl for the first time, the spot where teenagers go to make out by the river…
Castiel blushes, smiling in the direction of his friend’s voice. “It feels like your house’s further away, now that I can’t see where I am going,” he confesses in a hushed voice.
(just as Mary had written in her diary) the culprit as per the tradition they followed as protectors of the town. Judging by what they read, they also assumed Charles was somehow trying to help Samuel, at least that is until he left.
“Cas,” Dean spoke softly, a hand coming to rest at the angel’s shoulder as Cas lifted Zep from the crib. The baby was barely awake, laying his head comfortably against Cas’ shoulder, eyes still closed. Dean didn’t sound angry, just a little sorry, and for that the angel was grateful. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
of weird things happening in such a short period of time in Sioux Falls, and it all started in Bobby’s house. It
Dean shrugs as he looks out the window, lost in thought. It’s a lovely morning, people are out and about walking. It looks like a perfectly nice town, maybe a little too perfect.
Dean watches in amazement as his mother lays in bed, tired and sleepy but too in love with her baby to close her eyes. She watches Dean sleep with an utterly happy smile on her lips. His entire hand is wrapped around just one of her fingers. It’s quite hard to hear over the loud chatting of their friends coming from the living room, but Dean could swear she’s humming something to him.
Years later Castiel will also tell him it’s stupid to hide money inside books, that’s what banks are for, even if Dean doesn’t trust them, but today’s not that day; today’s Castiel’s too afraid to say anything remotely sassy.
“No, no, no,” Gabe replies, shaking his head and moving to start pushing Cas up the stairs. “You’RE going out with your friends, Cas. You’ve spent
Cas sighed. “Dean…” he shook his head. “You’d be better off without me. I make mistake after mistake. I should have listened to you. I shouldn’t have let Amar walk away the first time but-” Cas hunched his shoulders forwards, clenching his fists so hard until his knuckles were white.
Gabe, his brother and roommate, is moving out of their apartment and into Kali’s, his girlfriend. He tells Castiel to keep his furniture for whoever takes his place at the apartment after he’s gone, that he doesn’t mind, but Castiel puts it all to better use, taking the opportunity to do something else. With Gabriel’s help, he rents a van and takes his brother’s ex single bed, dresser, desk and chair to Dean’s. He goes to his friend’s second bedroom, which he uses as a storage room and also a place where he “works out” (Castiel uses air quotes because he has
Castiel takes it silently, all the abuse and the poisonous words people throw his way, thinking it’s his place as an Omega, it’s normal to compete for Alphas, it’s in their instincts. But finally, when he gets beaten on his way to meeting Dean after Cas’ debate group, he’s had enough. It’s almost the only time during the week they’re apart at school. Dean wishes he could join in, but he knows he isn’t as articulate or clever as the rest in the group are, so he rather unwillingly lets go of Castiel’s hand for a while and goes to do his own activities, which mostly consist in physical training with other Alphas and some Betas. When Dean finds Castiel waiting outside the gym with a bloody nose and a broken lip, the blood drains from his face.
The old bed creaks under their weight when Dean sits up too. It’s not made for two young men to sleep in.
The woman’s eyes were wide opened. She took a deep breath, then looked down at them, her eyes flickering between green and blue eyes.
In the end they decide to stay for dinner and spend the night. Dean has to call John and let him know, he has all his friends shouting in the back to prove that he’s not lying and that he’ll be safe in a house full of people. Thankfully John takes mercy on him and allows him to stay. They provide good company; they light a fire in the living room and sit around with covers to warm themselves up—it’s bloody cold without windows and the witches don’t want to waste their energy in keeping the house warm—, and talk for hours about everything and anything they come up with that is innocent and funny and entertaining, anything but dark or sad topics. They manage to make Cas smile once or twice, which is no small achievement.
Y'all, I have fallen so in love with these two, I can't take it. I can't stop telling their story. Please, any and all feedback is welcome!!! Thank you so much for all of the kudos, comments, and love!
"Yea, you knew that from the beginning. Why do you want to drop the case with all the progress the kid is making?"
The 'they rejected me,' went unsaid. Cas extended his hand over the console. "Breathe, sweet boy. Breathe."
As Castiel settled into "the perfect chair" that Charlie had wheeled in from room 364 earlier that evening, he couldn't help but notice Dean fidget in his sleep. His eyebrows would furrow and he would give short gasps. Every now and then he would groan. It was clear his sleep was not peaceful. Castiel was certain that until Dean could process, and grieve, what had happened to him that sleep would never provide true rest.
The morning that Dean was released from the hospital was hectic- to say the least. Cas got held up in traffic on his way back from buying Dean some clothes, the computer wasn't agreeing with anyone to approve his release, and Dr. Roche was trying his best to convince Chief Resident MacLeod and the rest of Dean's care team that he needed to stay longer. Eventually, after the arguments ended and the chaos settled, Cas found himself helping Dean buckle his seatbelt to go home.
Dean threw the beta his shirt back. "Yea, yea, just take your gross shirt and you can ride with Cas and me to the store." For a moment he froze. "As long as that's okay with you, alpha?" The fear in Dean's eyes showed that his conditioning was far from gone.  He probably felt as if he had been neglecting Cas and had a moment of panic.
"Yea, mom and dad would've helped, but I wanted to do it on my own. I am seriously regretting that decision right now." Sam locked the doors and smiled as they walked in Castiel's direction. Sam was wearing clothes that fit today instead of his internship suit and Cas saw a striking resemblance to he and Dean's attire. Flannels, tees, and jeans.
When he opened the door, Cas didn’t say a word. He simply grabbed Dean’s wrist and walked him to the couch.
The sound of thunder jerked Dean from his sleep. He sat straight up, sweat covering his still-clothed body. Running a hand over his face, Dean laid back down and tried to cool himself off by removing his clothes. Once he was in his boxers alone, he turned over and tried to go back to sleep.
As Cas spoke, he saw Dean's expression soften. He didn't cry and tears didn't threaten to fall, but his shoulders sagged and his arms loosened their grip around Cas's chest. "So, it could've happened to anyone? Not just..." Dean gave a huff, "not just an omega?"
One quick nod was all Castiel got. It was all he needed. After that, D shut his eyes tightly and held the bee tighter. Cas motioned for the doctors and Charlie to come back into the room. He put his finger to his lips as he pulled the chair over to D. "Thank you, D. Remember, this is just Castiel. We just need you to hold my hand for one minute, okay?"
The omega nodded slowly and patted the bed beside him. "I can stay in the bed, but we need to have some pillows between us, okay? That would be too much touch for right now." Dean seemed to understand and pulled back. Castiel instantly missed the heat from his breath on his face. He was so fucking fucked it was ridiculous.
Slowly, Castiel sat on the other side of the bed which was plenty big enough, considering how frail Dean was. "Hey, Dean."
Cas opened his eyes before the sun could begin filtering through the window in Dean’s room. It was early; around 6:30 he would guess. He didn’t have to be to his internship until eight, so he decided to lie and watch Dean for a minute. Was it strange? Maybe. Did he care? Not at all.
"Yea..." Dean put his head on Ca's shoulder. "Or taken care of me afterwards. How... how can I take care of you?"
As Sam leaned in to look closer, Dean grabbed onto Cas's hand tightly. He pulled the alpha away from the wall and stared at the screen. His eyebrows furrowed. Castiel knew that he was feeling too nervous and shy to ask questions. Considering Dean's previous experience with doctors, he couldn't say that he blamed him for his reaction.
Cas kept his fingers where they were and kissed Dean's forehead. "And I love you, my omega." Cas knew they were no where close to ready for mating, but he wanted nothing more than to spend the night tied to his mate with a sore spot on his neck. It was all so perfect that he truly couldn't imagine being even closer when, and if, Dean's scent returned.
Dean glanced around the room when he walked in. It was nothing spectacular. Clean lines and sharp contrasts were Cas’ style. Very clean. Very neat. Dean wanted very much to fuck with that. Make his Daddy lose some control. While looking around the room, his eyes fell on the desk. Yes, the bag was there, but there were also a few pictures. Pictures of Cas and his brothers. Cas and his stupid pimp mobile. Hmm… None of Dean. That made him sad.
Cas shook his head. “Baby, I understand why you didn’t finish. You were so scared. But you were brave! You are so brave.” Daddy pulled him closer and Dean huffed. He had to be honest. He would feel like shit if he lied to Cas.
D just shook his head once and picked up the remote himself. It took a few tries, but he hit the enormous red button in the middle eventually. "Well, then, Mr. Independent. Look at you."
Cas didn't say anything as he quickly rinsed out his mouth and brushed his teeth far too quickly. He had to hurry, though. He had a hungry omega on his hands.
Once they had pulled into the garage and Castiel confirmed that Officer Hanscum was at her post, he pulled Dean into their room. The alpha laid on his back and tilted his neck to the side. "Come nest for a minute, love."
The nurse gave a small smile and nodded. "Of course, Mr. Winchester. Mr. Wesson, you will need to sign a form stating that you give consent to have another person in the room."
Also, sorry for taking forever to update. Holiday stuff and migraines, ya know? Thanks for understanding!
"No, Cas, I really appreciate it, and I want to go with you. I want to so damn bad that I feel like I'll die without it, but it'll put you in too much danger. If one of Alastair's men came looking for me and you got hurt--"
Dean cracked one eye open and sighed. He looked around the room, pointed to Castiel's coat, and then back to himself. "You want to keep my coat while I'm gone?" Dean nodded as he yawned and brought the blanket up to under his chin.
Cas felt like he was going to be sick. Having no scent was something that you heard about in an upper-level college class to make sure you prepared before going out into the field. It was the most extreme thing that professors could think of to throw at you to make sure you really wanted this career. You never heard of it in real life. No one lost their scents. Only in extreme cases of abuse and neglect did a patient's scent diminish and even then, there were faint hints that lingered. "How... how did this happen?"
Dean let out something similar to a laugh and fell back onto the bed with his arms above his head. He kept his eyes closed, but smiled nonetheless. He looked like a new man. Sure, all of the bruises, cuts, and scars were still there, but he looked lighter. More free.
"No, baby. Daddy is going to feed you. I'm going to clean up quickly and I want to see you riding that cock as I do so, okay?"
Dean immediately buried his nose in the skin of Cas's neck. He wrapped a leg around the alpha's thighs. Tightly. For a moment, the only sound in the room was their breathing. Eventually, Dean spoke but his voice was muffled. "Don' lie dis."
Castiel closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths. "He came very close to dying." He paused and began picking at his fingernails. He had never had this much trouble describing a patient's case to someone, but then again, he had never treated the love of his life, either. "There was a severe infection caused by a cut in his leg that built up in his blood. Due to touch starvation, there was little his own body could do to fight off the sickness. He was covered in other minor cuts, bruises, and his face was beat up horribly. In terms of his..." Cas breathed in deeply. He hadn't discussed this part of Dean's case with anyone other than Roche. He had only read about the rest. "In terms of injuries sustained from sexual abuse, he was restricted to a liquid and soft foods diet due to the trauma to his throat. He had tears and bruising around his genitals. He required hospital staff to assist with the bathroom for a little over a week."
Dean stopped momentarily, took a deep inhale, and went back to his current task. "Still good." He stopped again and Castiel could hear his heartrate increase on the monitor. Then, he felt a cautious lick up the column of his throat.
The couple kissed frantically for a few moments before Dean slowed them down and slouched into Cas's hold. "Just, just don't leave, okay?"
Last night ended very unexpectedly. When Dean stormed off into his room, Cas was left sitting on the couch, alone and confused. He had tried to be understanding of Dean’s coping mechanism, but perhaps that was not the approach he needed to take in this situation.
Castiel chuckled and ruffled the top of Dean's hair. "Well, Dean Winchester, it is certainly a pleasure to make your acquaintance."
"Either way, I was down there. I don't know how many there were. It was always dark. Sometimes it was just toys. Sometimes they left them in me for hours, maybe days, at a time. They didn't care how much I cried or begged or bled. I hated it. They always said I was a knotslut because I was an omega and because I came. But they forced it out of me!" Dean began truly sobbing. "I... I was a virgin until then. I hadn't even had an orgasm before they took me down there. I... I hadn't presented so I didn't have any sex drive. I wasn't interested in any of it and then they just... took that from me. They took it and they, they..." Dean was beginning to hyperventilate.
"Dean, I certainly appreciate you protecting me." Dean looked up with a satisfied smile on his face and nodded once, as if to say, 'of course.' "Maybe though, we could be a little easier on these people since we're at the hospital?"
Gabe tripped forward and caught himself by grabbing Cas's shoulder. This pushed the alpha even further against the window. At the sound of him hitting the glass, Dean and Sam glanced over to the office. Immediately, all three men ducked away from the glass.
"Therapy aid? I haven't got any requests for a therapy aid approval. This is an aggressive patient. He could have--"
Now Castiel was very concerned. Had one of the hospital staff mistreated Dean? "I am so happy to know you think I am good. I think you're good, too. Why are the hospital staff bad?"
"What has the patient decided, Mr. Novak?" MacLeod looked over at D and Castiel could see a hint of sympathy in his eyes.
“Perhaps having so many people over put you on edge. There’s no need to be ashamed of calming yourself. Any time you need to come to me to talk or calm down, I’m here for you. I have coping mechanisms, too. I doodle and write and—“
As the alpha allowed muscle memory to take him through the motions, he closed his eyes and enjoyed the sounds of Dean's quiet humming and occasional splash. Before he knew it, he was rinsing his hair and joining in with Dean's wordless rendition of When the Levee Breaks. The knowledge that he was in his omega's presence and that neither of them were in danger allowed a weight to be lifted from Castiel's shoulders. It really felt like it was easier to breathe. For the first time in five weeks, he felt truly happy and relaxed.
The nurse began to say something, but an alert from another room had her running before she had a chance to respond.
Castiel slowly dried off around Dean's cock and slipped the towel between his legs. The omega was still soft and Cas smiled as he gave the head a kiss of its own. Dean just gave a smile in return and cradled Cas's left cheek in his hand. He ran his thumb over Cas's cheek bone and gave a small thrust of his hips. The alpha kissed Dean's head again before moving up and down the shaft. He was starting to harden a bit, but Cas stopped. "Would you like to go lay down, baby boy?"
That was all Cas could think of as light slowly made its way back into his eyes. How in the world could he, an alpha, leave his omega- his True Mate- for the sake of their damn jackets? He should've stayed. He should've held Dean tightly in one arm and a knife in the other. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Cas was in panic mode and he knew that people did careless things when their adrenaline started pumping. He didn't care about physiology. It was not an excuse he was willing to accept. He abandoned his mate and now Dean had to face the consequences of his impulsiveness. How could he be so careless?
Instead of introducing herself, the woman wrapped one arm around each of their necks and pulled them down to her height for a hug. "It is so good to finally meet you." She let go, but left a hand on Dean's arm. "Sam has told me so much about both of you. Especially you, Dean."
Sam stuck his hand out, but didn't bother standing since he was squished against the wall. "You too, Mr. Novak. Hey, Dean!"
Casitel hummed in thought. "I suppose it's the same way you knew that you wanted to work in the Omega Defense Team. Remember what you told me when I asked you how you knew this was the career you wanted?"
sure that he could do it, but he knew that Cas would have something amazing planned if he could do it.
“Good morning, my dirty boy.” Daddy’s voice was deep and rumbling in Dean’s ear. He could only whimper in response. “Such a dirty little boy for Daddy waking me up like this. Needy, aren’t you, sweetheart?”
The doctor's contempt for Castiel was not hidden. He tossed the bee back at Cas. "Fine, but if you want to call this thing you're doing therapy, then you need approval from Chief Resident MacLe-"
Dean most certainly did not whine like a puppy in response. “I don’t know if I want to be filled with anything other than you.” Way to go, Winchester. You are officially the bitch in this relationship.
Tomorrow I go back to work and I want to keep positing every day, but I doubt that I will be able to tomorrow. Who knows, though? I may surprise myself. I hope that these chapters will get you through until I can post later in the week!
Thanks for all of the support, comments, and kudos. You guys are giving me more support than you know!!!!!
When the two arrived at their home, Officer Hanscum and Officer Mills were both out across the street. It was around their shift change and it made Castiel see the two smiling despite the monotony and loneliness the last few weeks had offered the two. They both waved in greeting, but Cas was the only one in the car to respond in kind. Dean was out cold. His snores began filling the car around two miles back. He normally didn't snore too loudly, but because of his position in the car, he was snoring loudly enough that Cas was sure the officers would hear him.
"Don't apologize, Dean. That sass is one of the reasons I want to be with you. You just need to remember when to be a good boy. So, I'm not going to spew out random kinks until I find one that we have in common. We're going letter by letter and figuring out something we like or don't like. If you're honest with me the entire time, then I have the most wonderful surprise for you." Cas sat up and settled his ass right over Dean's cock. His smirk told Dean that he definitely knew what he was doing. "Do you want me to stay here, or us just lie down and talk?"
The omega turned away and covered his head with one of the flimsy pillows. Cas could tell he was starting to cry from the way his body was jerking under the blanket. "I trust you, D. Please trust me just one time, okay? Just this one time." With his last plea, Cas sat down on the floor. He breathed out deeply and realized that his scent was drenching the room. It smelled like sad, concerned Alpha. A wet dog kind of smell. Absolutely disgusting. "I... I'm sorry for my scent, D. If it is bothering you, then I am so sorry. I am worried about you, friend."
"Not them. Every..." Dean took a deep breath and shook his head. "Everybody." With that, the omega gathered up Bee in his arm and rolled over away from Castiel.
Dean moved his head slowly up and down and watched in rapture as Daddy came all over his back. It was so hot, Dean thought he may have some red marks after this from the heat of it all. It felt like Daddy was branding him with his cum. It eventually registered with Dean that the timer was going off. Daddy closed it and threw the phone onto the chair in the corner. “How did it feel for Daddy to cum on you and you had to lay there like a good boy?”
"If letting you watch Batman is all that it takes to earn your love, then I am one lucky alpha." Cas chuckled and pulled Dean down into a kiss. "Love you, too, Omega. Can't wait to get home with you. Really sleep for once."
"Whatever you say, D." Cas shut Dean's door with his hip. Dean couldn't help but giggle and hide his face in the crook of Cas's neck. The two entered Cas's home (their home,) and Cas sat Dean down carefully by his side.
Dean gasped as he came on the bed and covered Castiel with more slick. "Cas!" The omega thrust onto Cas' fingers a few more times before shakily laying down. "Alpha... love you."
"Hmm..." He knew he wouldn't smell anything, but Cas ran his nose over Dean's scent gland. "Mine... my 'mega. My Dean." He placed a soft kiss over Dean's mating gland. "I do need to drop your case, though."
While he finished his notes, he could feel D's eyes on him. "Good morning, sleepy head." D just huffed and held out his hand. Castiel took it and stroked his thumb over D's fingers. "How do you feel?" D just stared at him. "That was a stupid question, huh?" D smiled and looked over Cas' head at the pain-level chart. Castiel followed his gaze and took it off the wall.
Dean shrugged and laid back on the bed. "Well, you can go request to end your contract or whatever. Just... just don't hate me, okay? I'm sorry that I weighed you down with this bullshit. Thanks for helping me get my speech back. I appreciate it."
Dean's laughs slowly faded but his smile remained in place. He cupped Cas's face in his hands. "When you gonna mate me, alpha?"
Cas patted Sam's shoulder. "You're fine, Sam. I promise. There's no reason for you two not to get along. In fact, I'm positive that Dean will recover faster with a friend in his corner."
After changing out of the comfy clothes, the couple drove the short distance to a local bargain store, Stuff and Things. The creativity that had to be in the board meeting to start that store always amazed Cas. Dean walked ahead of Cas into the building. Cas couldn't help but admire the furrow of Dean's brow as he looked around the parking lot for traffic. The way he jogged to get across the pedestrian crossing. The way his perfect legs were accentuated by his dark jeans. The way he rubbed his hands together when they got in the store.
"Yes, I think it makes sense. Especially after everything that happened with Roche and having to stay somewhere else last night. I think you need something a bit more than my scent alone."
"It is around 7:30. Dinner is still warm in the microwave. Do you want me to grab it and we can watch TV on the couch?"
Castiel hummed in agreement. "That's true. But, D also looks like other letters to a degree. It looks like the top part of a P and a backwards C with a line. Also, I have no idea if this is truly the first letter of his name or if it was just a letter he recognized. It's very possible that he saw a sign or poster every day of his imprisonment with a capital D in the words. It's also possible that he just liked the letter. It's not a very reliable response. I just know he seems to prefer the letter D to any other letter and he certainly prefers it to 'omega.'"
"Well, I believe that you have two choices. You can go or not go." Dean snorted at the obvious statement. "If you stay home, then we will get in that bubble bath and I will cook dinner and you can have your way with me," Cas knew Dean wouldn't ask for sex, he hadn't this entire time, but it made him laugh nonetheless. "or you can go."
It earned his a sharp pop to his ass cheek. "What a naughty boy. You know that you don't get to make that choice. Plus, you know the letter C comes next. There is a lot for the letter C."
"Don't fucking apologize. I went straight into my room and started riding a dildo like there was no tomorrow. Thinking about that big cock. Your big hands... ungh... Baby..."
The three men stood crowded around the small window in Gabriel's office that faced the common area. Castiel was sure that some of the other agents and specialists were curious as to why they were so scrunched up in the tight space. Some of them were probably laughing and Cas couldn't say that he blamed them. There was an enormous window on the other side of Gabe's corner office that faced the hallway, but that wouldn't give them a good vantage point.
Cas sat and he met Dean's eyes. He was sure that if he could smell Dean, he would smell the acrid scent of fearful omega. There were too many unknowns. Too much happening. No food to cushion conversation as they had expected.
"I promise. You know you have to be in heat or I have to be in rut for the mating pheromones to make it a permanent bond, right?"
"Currently," Castiel coughed and hit his left thigh lightly with his fist, "currently, it is the patient's wish to not introduce touch to his care plan. Thank you for stopping by. Do you mind if I stay past visiting hours? I would like for him to have... someone with him during this difficult time."
Gabriel kept his smile and nodded. "Yea, yea, it's case related." Gabriel knew that he needed to call Castiel into this case, but it wasn't his first choice. Cas was the best at what he did, but Gabe was seriously dreading this conversation and the potential workload he was about to put on Cas. He knew how devoted to his job Cas was and he knew this would take away most of his personal time.
After an hour, Dean’s room was as clean as it was going to get. He hadn’t began to tackle laundry, but it was still raining. The laundry room downstairs always smelled so gross and damp when it was raining. Cas would understand. He had to admit, his room looked nice and he was proud of himself for following a direction that he would normally avoid like the plague. He was a good boy for his Daddy. He smiled and practically ran to the kitchen to read his next task.
"Hmmm..." Dean began tapping his foot. "There's so much I want to do. Umm..." he thought a while longer. "Oh! I want to eat a home cooked meal. Are you a decent cook, oh strong alpha of mine?"
After spending an extended time with Dean, the ride home seemed quite boring. Usually after meeting with a patient, Castiel liked to turn on some soft music and distance himself from the job. He thought about odd jobs he needed to finish around the house and upcoming family gatherings. He knew he needed to have a clear line between work life and home life in his line of work. That had never been an issue. As he turned off of the highway onto the quiet street he called home, Cas found himself wishing to have a certain strong-willed omega in the passenger seat.
He started the water and felt himself instantly harden beneath his boxers. He pulled them down slowly, enjoying the drag down his cock. The fact that his Daddy had included something so sexual in the note made Dean’s whole body happy. Cas wanted this to become even more intimate—he had to want that! No one wanting a platonic relationship would include that in a note. Right? Right.
As he opened the door and stepped in, Dean turned around and wrapped his arms around Cas' waist. "Thanks for today. Seriously. I know you're about to say that it's your job, but that's beside the point. I really do appreciate it and I'm happy that we got to do this together."
"I am so sorry for that outburst, Gabe. I really don't know what has come over me. It's just like every second I am drawn to this omega more and more. I am starting to become concerned that I may not be the best specialist for him due to...personal reasons."
"Nothing's wrong with Dean's health, okay? So take a breath." Castiel tried and failed. "He threw something at another nurse when they went in to check on him. Then, he tried his best to take out his IV and get out of the ankle cuffs."
Cas couldn't help that his heart melted a little bit. "Ah, yes, your faithful knight. I shall return with him immediately." Dean rolled his eyes as he took a bite out of his sandwich, but Cas knew that he was happy.
"No, no, but he was less than thrilled with today's lunch, and I told him I would try to get him the yogurt. Once that kid starts talking-"
“Do you want Daddy to mark you, baby boy? Mark you with his cum? Today isn’t about making it last a long time, sweetie. It’s about showing you that Daddy can use your hole and he can cum all he wants. You are daddy’s little boy. Daddy’s toy.”
Once the lasagna was in the oven, he went over to the computer to catch up on his emails. There was nothing new regarding Dean's case except for a reminder from the ODT that the trial was in exactly two weeks. There was some spam mail, of course. There was also one email from Charlie asking Cas to let her know whenever Dean may be up for some company. Apparently, room 327 was now occupied by quite the grumpy old woman. Cas smiled as he responded that he would be in touch with her soon and that he would let Dean know she said hello.
Dean shook his head and stood, stretching his arms high above his head, yawning, and lifting himself briefly on his tiptoes. "Want bacon."
Cas couldn't help but to yawn as he stripped down to his boxers and climbed into bed. He rolled over to turn on the lamp so the room wouldn't be completely dark when Dean came back. As he moved around on the bed, something touched his bicep and he startled before realizing it was just Bee. Dean must have tucked the plushie into bed before using the restroom.
"Nice to meet you, Cas." She smiled and swiveled back to the front of the desk when the hospital entrance chimed again.
Dean stayed on the bed and curled up beneath the blanket. Castiel picked up the pacifier and walked it over to his sweet little boy. He would never get used to this. Dean opened wide and happily accepted the gift. “Feel better?”
"Of course," Cas finally broke the silence. "Thank you so much, Doctor. We cannot thank you enough."
“I’m sorry, you scared me.” With that, he turned back around and began pressing the burgers with the spatula.
Upon hearing her name, the ODT cook, Ellen walked out of the storage room. Castiel believed that she was either taking inventory or impatiently waiting for them to show up. One of the two. She smiled a big smile and hugged Castiel tightly. "Of course, I did. My boy is back where he needs to be. Not to mention this handsome gentleman you brought with you." Ellen stepped back and waved at Dean.
Dean chuckled. "Nah, alpha. It's finally getting your muscles to soak and relax. I'm kind of glad you don't like it though." Cas smiled as Dean kissed him quickly before removing his shirt. "More time for me to use it."
Dean nodded. "Yea, I've actually been thinking about it. I'm gettin' real tired of not having a scent, so if I could smell like you and let everyone know that I'm going to be mated to a big, strong, not-jealous alpha here soon, well then, that is fine by me." Dean ran his fingers up and down Cas's chest while he continued his assault on the alpha's scent gland. "Plus, I've never seen an alpha's cock when it's hard." Cas shivered. "I didn't get a good look of yours in the shower, since you were so busy with something else, so... I think I need to know what all the fuss is about."
Dean finally looked into the bag. He needed to change his train of thought. He dumped the contents out on the bed and gave a small smile. On the bed were two more pacifiers, a few picture books, a soft blanket, and a little plushie squirrel. Daddy said to try them out.
Dean lifted the hood and leaned over the engine. Cas would be the first to admit that he was useless with cars. He knew where to put the gas and he figured that everything else could be fixed with enough money. He preferred figuring out the puzzle of people, not machines. He supposed that people who liked fixing cars enjoyed it because there was a formula. A set of rules. A specific outcome. The alpha much preferred open-ended outcomes like the one he found with Dean's case.
Dean kissed Cas's neck once. "Fine, but when we get home, you're all mine, alpha. I've got a lot to be happy about today."
Dean sat down at the kitchen table and picked up the letter Cas… well, Daddy… had left him. He turned it over and began reading his to-do list.
"Sweet boy, oh, my sweet boy, no. You did not ask for that. You were trying to prove a point, not ask for such obscene treatment." Castiel's arm was becoming wet with Dean's tears and he felt as if his own may join the mix soon.
"That's a good idea." Castiel's smile stayed on his face and he sat back in the chair. "I would hate for us to spend tomorrow dealing with the aftermath of Charlie's threats." The alpha sighed. "In all seriousness, Dean, I cannot believe you were able to tell me all of that. Not only because it was so emotional, but because you shouldn't even be able to say a word yet. Somehow you manage to tell me your life story. It's amazing. I can't figure you out. Not to mention that your wounds are healing so well. Truly phenomenal."
Cas took a breath and held his hands out in front of him. Dean scoffed for a moment in protest. "You can't baby me to death, Cas. I'm not a fucking project. I'm a grown ass man."
Cas could see Dean gave a tight smile. "Please, Dr. Roche? My mouth has been so..." he paused and licked the doctor's wrist slowly, "empty."
"Of course, Mr. Novak. Of course." MacLeod shook his head. "Thank you for trying, Castiel. We know have done everything in your power to help this omega."
"I'm not going to take it back. It's yours now." With that, Castiel started taking some notes in his case file and ignored the omega. He wanted to give him some space.
"It's fine to feel nervous. This has been a stressful day. Admittedly, it's been a good stress, but it was still stressful."
Cas tensed for a moment before showering Dean with kisses. “Baby, we’re never going back to ‘old’ Dean and Cas. We’re in this together now, okay? I’m always going to protect when you’re scared now. Daddy’ll always be here, baby.”
When Dean laid frozen, Cas gently pulled Dean’s hand away from his mouth and pulled him into his arms. “You’re okay. It’s okay. I’m here. I’ve got you, baby boy.”
Castiel smiled at the kid's enthusiasm. His suit didn't fit him perfectly and his shaggy hair reminded everyone of how young he was, but Cas immediately like him. They needed more people like this optimistic beta. "Well, that is excellent, Sam. My name is Castiel Novak, I'm an omega rehabilitation specialist with the ODT." Cas stepped to the side. "This is my mate, well, soon-to-be-mate, Dean Winchester."
He wanted to go to sleep for a few minutes. It was a few hours until Cas got home. It sounded absolutely terrible to walk back to his room. He would make Cas’ bed back up and no one would ever know. Expect him and his little squirrel.
Castiel grabbed him by the arm. "Excuse me, doctor, why do you seem to be so flippant about this patient's condition? I understand that I am an external resource, but we should work together for the wellbeing of this young man."
Dean's purrs slowly morphed into snores as he left the pain of the day behind. Cas felt a bone-deep contentment and relief as slept came for him as well, fully connected to his omega. As he should always be.
“Oh… okay.” Dean looked lifted his eyes. He didn’t raise his head, but Cas could see that his attention was somewhere over to his right. When he followed the stare, the pacifier was looking back at him from the desk in Dean’s room.
Dean hummed and thought for a moment. "Kind of like sandalwood. Clean and fresh. But, it's not the actual smell. It was the smell in combination with the feeling I got when it hit me. I had never felt that before."
“Y-yes, sir.” Dean couldn’t look him in the eye. Cas wrapped his arms around him and rocked him slowly back and forth.
"See, I told you, Dean. I will never punish you. You are my friend. The best patient I've ever had."
His Daddy had marked him, inside and out. He felt owned, cherished, and he had never been so calm in his life. He had almost forgotten how badly he needed to cum. Almost. “Now, baby,” Cas looked him in the eyes and stroked his cheek as Dean sucked the toy, “I am going to go get something to clean us up with, and then, love, you can cum. Do you want cummies, baby?”
"If Sam's my..." Dean blinked hard to try to erase his tears. "If Sam's my brother, then I have gone twenty-three years with a family and I didn't even fucking know it. If he's my brother, then I left him. If he's my brother, then... someone... some family didn't... why didn't they want me, too, man?" At this question, Cas saw Dean truly cry for the first time since they had met. He was jerking and sobbing uncontrollably.
Castiel opened the door back as softly as he could. He looked over and he felt as if his heart had lodged in his throat. Dean was using Bee as a makeshift pillow and had covered himself with Castiel's coat. The collar was up against his nose and his was gripping the lapels of the jacket tightly.
"Boy, I don't know what is going to with you, but you just put conventional in that car instead of synthetic."
"Yea, sweet boy, sleep." He kissed up his omega's jawline and bit his ear lobe gently. "You'll need your rest." Dean shuddered and climbed off of Cas.
Castiel began eating like he hadn't eaten in weeks. He swallowed every bit of slick that Dean gave him. It still didn't have a scent, but it still tasted like heaven to Cas. It was sweet and tasted like something that was still uniquely Dean. He let his tongue and teeth tease all around Dean's rim. After a few minutes, Cas pulled back. "Don't hold back on me, 'mega." He went back to his job and pushed his tongue inside of Dean quickly, over and over.
Castiel breathed in deeply and nodded his head. "Okay." He let out a huff. "What do I need to do? What is his status currently?"
Cas grabbed his phone out of jacket pocket. He had four missed calls from Gabriel. "Dean, I have a few missed calls from work. I forgot to let them know we got home safely. I'll be right back."
When Dean sleepily walked out of the bedroom wearing only his boxers, he was rubbing his eyes and protecting Bee under his arm. "Wha' time issit?" He tried to hide his yawn but failed.
D's heart rate spiked and Charlie motioned for the other nurses to stay out the room. He needed space. His breathing quickened and he was gritting his teeth. His head was turned away from Cas and the rest of his body was as still as rock. Castiel took a calming breath and took D's hand in his.
In the morning, or later in the morning, Castiel woke to hot breath on his neck. He silently pulled Dean even tighter to his side. "Good morning, Dean."
Cas sat down and opened his arms. Dean fell into them without question. “Good boy, remembering what I told you. You know that I love you, dear, but unfortunately, I promised a punishment so I must give it to you.”
As if he heard Dean’s thoughts, Cas smiled down at him. “You are so good, baby. Do you want cummies? Hmm? Do you want Daddy to make you squirt?” Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Now he was dialing into Dean’s little feminization kink. Dean knew that he had kept that well under wraps. He wasn't even too sure of it himself yet, and now here he was. Who the fuck was this man and what did he do with his quiet little Cas?
"Does that mean you want to tie me up, Daddy, and make me beg you for you to touch my special places?" He felt Cas' cock twitch against his leg. All he got was an affirmative grunt. "I like that idea, Daddy. I guess don't need to move unless Daddy lets me. Babies don't move around too much, anyways."
"No, Dean. Nothing like that." He shook his head and crawled over so he was straddling Dean's waist. He could feel Dean's cock pressing against his thigh. "We've been going pretty fast lately, haven't we, baby?" As he spoke, Cas drew his thumb down Dean's cheekbone to his mouth. Dean sucked it in and nodded.
He looked up to see his coworker, and cousin, Castiel standing awkwardly in the doorway of his office. "Cassie! It's good to see you!" He stood and hugged Castiel before quickly dropping back into his seat. He kept the smile on his face, but it was difficult to maintain.
"There we go. That's better. Dean, you are more than welcome to stay in here with us, but we're going to be talking about a bunch of boring lawyer crap." Dean chuckled. "My intern had to stop at the restroom, but he'll be here shortly. He said that he would love to watch some TV with you or do anything else you may like. He's a young kid and he knows all about the video game mumbo-jumbo. It's up to you."
When Dean finally looked up at Daddy with his angriest of looks, it immediately softened. As he looked up, he saw cum hitting Cas’ chest and the sexiest expression he had ever seen in his life. What an O-face. After a few quick seconds of Cas coming back to himself, he looked down and laughed. “Yes. That’s exactly what I wanted to hear. Come sit on Daddy’s lap, baby boy.”
The omega nodded his head once and lifted his hand. He put it back down. He did this several times and growled. It was clear that he didn't know how to communicate his thoughts or he was hesitant to let Cas know them. Finally, he pointed at Castiel. Then he hugged the bee. Cas tried to understand what he was saying. He liked the toy. He confirmed that and hugged it again after pointing to Cas. "Do--" Cas was still a bit confused. "Do you like me, too?"
"So scary." Dean whispered before finding his permanent place on Cas's chest and pulling Bee in between them.
As they approached his room, Dean began to walk towards his door. Cas held onto his hand harder, for some reason, and pulled him in the direction of the hall closet. He picked up two towels and two rags before turning them towards the bathroom. Cas placed the towels on the counter before walking over to the sink. He gave Dean a half-smile before nodding towards the toothbrushes that shared a canister.
“We’ll succeed,” he replied after some thought. “Don’t worry, Mary, you’ll be back home in no time.”
Mary was gone. Almost instantly she appeared by this universe’s version of Dean, who was waiting in the library with his arms folded. He jumped back when she suddenly popped into existence next to him and a hand flew to his chest.
Their mouths find each other and they’re kissing, maybe a little too passionately considering there’s a big interior window in the room, so everyone in the precinct can see them, but none of them care, they’re lost in the warmth and the taste of each other. They only stop when Dean’s hand cups Castiel’s face and he winces in pain; that side of his face is still very sore.
After that, it seems that Dean changes grief for anger; he becomes rebellious, confrontational and simply a magnet for trouble. He steals a lot for starters (food, money, clothes, you name it, it doesn’t matter if he really needs it or not) and he also gets in quite the amount of fights. He always tells his dad he was only defending himself when the school calls his father in for a chat but Castiel sees him starting a lot of fights at the smallest of provocations.
“I’m not who you expected?” he asks knowingly. “Well, I had to send Castiel and your brother back home to shower. They were starting to stink to place.”
Charlie snorts but the sound dies immediately when Cas’ stern eyes land on her. He rarely ever has this air about him, like that of a
"I am with Benny in this one, though," Charlie says, then leans with her elbows on the table and adds in a dramatic tone, "I've heard some juicy rumours about him. Apparently he gets a kick out of turning straight guys gay. Watch out, Dean."
Dean opened the small closet in the corner on the room and took a backpack he’d put there himself days ago. He then turned towards his children again, kneeling by the bed, and pulled Balthazar into a sitting position. Mary had already gotten up and was looking around the room with a alarmed expression in her face.
Mary guided the children towards a nearby forest, away from the road, just a little bit more to the East, but always travelling South. After all, Lawrence was more to the East than Lebanon. There, she wouldn’t have to use her grace to keep them invisible as they travelled, and people wouldn’t bother them while they slept.
Gif sources: samwinchesterblog ; castieled ; mariamaynot ; sooper-dee-dooper-natural ; danistiel ; justin-taylor
This seems to impress her new lab partner. She’s an obviously beautiful young girl with a British accent and the word posh written all over her forehead. Bela’s smug face stirs instinctive dislike in Dean but he fights his judgements in favour of trying to be on friendly terms with at least one person at school. Beggars can’t be choosers.
Still busy catching his breath, Sam opens the door for him and Dean marches into his old apartment. He paces around the room anxiously, biting his nails, while Sam sits on the couch and gives him his trademark bitch face.
Cas was grateful to have the heavy weight of his boy back in his arms; it felt somewhat comforting, like he was carrying his personal, little source of happiness. He turned on his heels to sit in a chair and Mary followed him, too stunned to look away, until Dean called her to ask for the plate of done waffles, tl add a new one to the pile.
The young half-witch is not the only one feeling heavy with fatigue that Monday morning. Dean’s struggling to keep his eyes open at school like never before. The lack of a good night's sleep is driving him close to madness, a part of him feels like a toddler who might burst out crying any moment now just out of sheer exhaustion. At least things seem to go smoothly for him that morning; Dick Roman fails to throw a single paper ball his way (actually, Cas is making him fail just to have something to entertain himself with to avoid falling asleep in the middle of the class, but Dean has no way of knowing that) and at lunch Bela finds him and asks him to join her which is a fucking relief because it’s impossible for him to have lunch outside today due to last night’s storm and he really doesn’t want to be that kid who eats all by himself.
found a gas leak and it needs to be repaired. There are other rooms at the school that still haven’t been inspected but when the leak is repaired they will open anyway while making sure they keep those other less important rooms without gas until they’re given the all clear. The gang once more takes this opportunity to visit Castiel and they stay over for dinner and a movie.
Dean felt something tug at his stomach when Cas entered the room with the baby boy in his arms, smiling happily down at his son, like he didn't have a care in the world. He looked perfectly comfortable with the boy in his arms and made no attempt to even help Sam set up the baby's high chair he was dragging in a box. He wouldn't have even purchased it if Sam hasn't insisted he was sure it was necessary. Cas could carry the boy in his arms until he started to walk, though he figured that kind of attachment wouldn't be good for his son's development. But the moment Dean said a very shy 'hey' in Castiel's direction, the baby turned his head around looking for the source of that voice. He knew that voice, it was one of his favourite things in the whole world. When Zeppelin laid eyes on Dean, he smiled broadly and shrieked in delight, bouncing in Castiel's arms and reaching towards his other dad with his own. A couple of light bulbs in the kitchen exploded as the boy laughed happily and his grace danced around the room, filled with joy. Dean started and jumped back for a moment, but Castiel was advancing towards him and passed the baby on to him without saying a word. Zep grabbed onto Dean's t-shirt like his life depended on it and started babbling incoherently, fidgeting playfully in his arms. Sam sighed and went to get new light bulbs.
Being back with his friends feels special. Cas had missed them dearly; contrary to Dean, making friends was never his strong suit and it’s harder and slower for him to adapt to a new place while Dean, what with his charming personality and easy smiles, made friends within the first two weeks. So being back home is more than just sleeping under the same roof he grew up in; it’s listening to Charlie talk about LARPing and bragging about being Queen, and Garth’s goofy but sweet laughter and Benny and Dean being completely in tune together, making jokes non stop. Every time he’s with them, there’s no doubt in his mind that he made the right call giving up his magic to return to them.
breaking them. But if these were his children, how had he managed to keep them hidden for so long? And who was the father of the baby? Dead angels have no newborns. Could it have been an angel that named his child after Balthazar? Castiel couldn’t remember his old friend having any other close angel friends that would do such a thing in his memory, if he was honest. Balthazar had been a bit of an outcast, like Cas. Although, for all they knew, the baby could be human.
?” Sam asks. He’s beginning to get impatient with these two idiots dancing around whatever questions are thrown at them.
“I’ll be yours,” she said, speaking the same words Dean had told her not too long ago, “in every universe.”
So, yes, Castiel remembers, he remembers very well. He wishes he could find the guy and break his legs and rip his soul apart.
“We’re connected, made of the same grace,” Cas explained, placing his hand over hers, stroking it tenderly with his thumb. “We’re together, always.”
“Alright, alright. Give us alcohol and we’ll talk about something else!” Dean offers. Then he clears his throat and throws a tentative look at Castiel, who is looking at him. Why is he
“Bad people don’t like our name,” he answers, though the explanation doesn’t make too much sense to either him or Rowena. He hasn’t really understood the problem with their family name.
“Well, the reason for that, honey, is that… we’re fighting something, hmm, really dangerous. And we are worried about you and your brothers. We want you to be safe.”
Dean took the keys from Sam and Cas joined him in the front of car. The exchanged a sad look while the other universe’s Dean and Sam got in the backseat with the children. Cas felt incomplete without the comfortable weight and warmth of his baby boy in his arms.
Dean feels guilty for not telling his best friend the whole truth, but he can’t, not to him, not to anyone. Instead he shrugs and smirks, pretending he’s not dying to end the conversation, and says, “maybe I’m just growing up. Getting more mature and stuff like that like my mom always dreamed off.”
In reality, there wasn't much Rowena could do for Mary, but she didn't want to give away that information; the child would heal... herself. Her own grace needed time to put itself back together, and when it did, when she got stronger, she'd heal herself. Rowena was sure Mary wouldn't have died even if she didn't patch up her physical form, she would had simply taken longer to mend her injuries, and might have appeared to be dead for a while. In reality, the child was powerful beyond Rowena's wildest dreams. Amar had caught the girl in a moment of low grace; Mary had been using too much of it lately, and was tired. But she got stronger with every passing hour, and eventually she would wake up.
“I see my brother, Sammy, once or twice a year… We meet somewhere, never the same place twice, halfway from each other. I do it when I need to travel to get new parts for the shop that I can’t get here, so you won’t get suspicious. We have dinner together, hang out for a couple of hours.”
Her voice was low and pathetic, cautious and fearful, she hated how upset she sounded but she wasn’t good at hiding her feelings. It took him a moment to look up, several thoughts running through Sam’s head. He’d given it a lot of thought as to what he should say during his lonely drive to the diner that evening. He hadn’t had much time before, he’d spent the entire day doing research with his family in the bunker, trying to find some kind of spell or weapon that could help them defeat the Devil before he arrived. But then in the car he was alone with his thoughts, and all he could think of for a moment was Josie, and how much she had come to mean to him in such a short period of time. And again, here he was, putting those he loved in danger. As long as she was with them, she’d be in danger. Lucifer could come and destroy them, but perhaps he would retreat to his original universe once he got what he wanted from this one, maybe people here would be safe, Josie would be safe. Maybe she still had a chance to go on and live a normal life.
And then Castiel, his hands, his tongue, his warmth, is completely gone. Dean gives himself a moment to catch his breath, unclench and toes his hands. His dick is aching between his legs, waiting for the return of a hand. Dean wonders for a moment if he fucked up somehow, if he did something Castiel didn't like, but when he looks over his shoulder, he's goddamn happy to see him applying lube to his fingers.
A little worried about his brother’s choice of reading, Dean comments, “Sammy, I think you’ve been spending too much time down here…”
“Maybe the police could help us find dad. He works with them, doesn’t he?” The boy remembered Dean dressed up nicely in a suit a bunch of times, talking about visiting police stations to make inquiries, or talking about something called the FBI, whatever that was. Jody was a policeman too, and she was their family.
Before he even knows what he’s doing, Castiel is marching forwards with violent determination. Dean stops dead on his tracks, taken aback by the unwelcoming, hard look on the other’s face and the hostile air about him. Both of them are surprised when Castiel grabs him by the shoulders and starts pushing Dean back the way he came.
A couple of months later, the entire family, even the members from the other universe, come to greet the new nephilim: little Bobby Winchester.
When they got out of the car, Balthazar seemed torned between a huge desire to run towards the games that were waiting for him just a couple of meters away from where Dean had parked the car, and behaving to prove to his father that he was a good, capable human boy and not a threat to other people.
supposed to? Maybe he thought Dean was pressuring him and since it’s Castiel who is in charge of whatever they are, that might upset him. Dean has no fucking clue, he doesn’t know him enough to be able to understand the text’s hidden message.
The girls gasp in the dark. Dean hears footsteps, then the lights are turned on, momentarily blinding him as they’re right above him. He blinks a few times and startles when he finds a young man, of approximately his age if not a little older, sitting on the edge of the bed. His first reaction is to frown in confusion. He had been expecting… he wasn’t sure
“He didn’t know in what universe to look for them,” Dean’s copy explained, “but now he has Cas, it’s a matter of time until he finds them.”
Now Dean spends too much time staring at his son sleep, fearing maybe that’ll be the last day he gets to see that small nose, those chubby cheeks, the lazy smile on his son’s face while he dreams of something funny. He feels sick, he wants to cry and scream and shout at the sky, he wants to get down on his knees and pray to a God he’s never believed in.
Gabriel throws the final ingredient into the bowl and flames erupt from it. A blinding light coming in the direction of the statue forces them to shut their eyes. The boys hear Gabriel groaning and hear him falling back into the cold ground, partially covered in snow. As soon as the light’s gone, Dean kneels next to him, checking that he’s fine; Gabriel seems a little out of it but alive and kicking.
in his stomach and a part of him was in automatic mode as the other couldn’t really process that he’s
“Happy birthday, dear! Oh, is it weird we’re here? Your dad ordered a cake and I told him there was no way we were charging you, it’s for Dean’s birthday! So he invited us. We made
Dean takes his hand and leads him to the dance floor. People stare, but Dean’s used to it by now; they’ve been staring their entire lives. Some things never change.
The boy looked down at his baby brother again, who tried to roll and get on his tummy. His soul seemed restless too, just like he was feeling, and he wondered with a little sense of guilt if she was right, if he was upsetting his younger brother.
Dean shrugs. Castiel Novak is the last person he wants to talk about, especially right now. “He doesn’t seem eager to get to know me, dad.”
Cas takes his position in front of the gargoyle. He gives it one last pleading look before he turns his head around and nods. Gabriel gives his brother a quick wink of an eye before he focuses on the book again and together they start chanting the spell.
"Relax, Dean," he ordered the man with an amused grin and a roll of his eyes. "You're allowed to look now, remember? If anything, it might help you realise what you're missing out on."
Sam’s face fell as he looked back and forth between them, then directed his gaze at the woman, like he was seeing her for the first time.
Both of them lifted their gazes to see Sam popping his head from behind the door. Sam seemed taken aback by the image before him, but then his expression softened and he smiled, pleasantly surprised.
He held Mary's hand more tightly than ever. She didn't hold his back, obviously. He was half expecting her to interlock their fingers at any moment, open her eyes and give her a sleepy smile. It hadn't happened yet. It'd been hours since the attack, and she wasn't moving in the slightest.
The early morning is quiet and uneventful, he hears nothing but the early birds signing and the sound of leaves rustling as the wind blows through the trees. Cas goes back inside and stands in the wide entrance hall, feeling the seconds tick by, unsure of what to do with himself next. He is restless and anxious. He wishes Gabe would get up already so they can go to the library and try the new spell his older brother found. Castiel is not convinced it's going to work, nothing ever does, but he really admires Gabriel's determination to keep trying and he really wants to do something other than dwell on his nightmares.
Sam nodded. He couldn’t bring himself to speak. He wasn’t angry, he understood the situation perfectly and even Dean’s decision, but he was in pure agony. It didn’t matter how many times he’d seen Dean died, it never got easier. And this time, it would be definitive.
Castiel frowns, pretending he’s thinking hard as he tries to remember. It infuriates Dean but also makes him like him so much more when he’s a little prick. “I cannot remember such a thing, it must be your imagination.”
that surrounds them at the time, while she mutters things like, “I didn’t sign up for this” or “they’d better give me a raise”. Meg slumps on a pile of leaves and starts eating lunch. Balthazar keeps complaining until Cas promises to pay him a hundred dollars when they return home if he shuts up. Dean is starving and eats all his food, only to regret it later because it keeps bouncing up and down in his belly when they continue hiking.
Cas lowers his head to kiss his neck, all the way continuing to roll his hips, grinding his ass against his Alpha’s crotch. “I won't change my mind about you, not ever.”
It’s a weird mix of people but they sure have some fun. At least for Dean, it’s the greatest night ever. His heart could burst from his joy, everything is perfect in his eyes. He’s never felt more at home, more like he really belongs somewhere, than there sharing that night with his loved ones. It’s not even about the presents, which form a really nice pile in the corner of the living room; just thinking so many people gathered together to celebrate he exists blows his mind. Thinking his dad, Sammy and Cas spent days planning it, it almost brings him to tears.
“Don’t you go calling that man an idjit, Baltz. In fact, don’t talk to him at all if you can avoid it, alright? He’s not a nice person.”
Dean gets obsessed. He reads his mother’s diary over and over again looking for some sort of clue he might have missed before. His first guess is it opens the secret quarters of the Men of Letters. He agrees with Sammy that if there was a secret society in town, they must have had meetings somewhere, and isn't it convenient that his family helped build a bunch of places around town? It smells like secret lair to them. The question now is why does Castiel want to get into such a place so much? And was it true his mother was guarding the key? Was she a part of the Men of Letter too? It irritates Dean to his core that instead of finding answers to the many questions he already had, more keep piling up in his mind and out there is a guy that has the answers but refuses to tell him anything.
The Winchesters arrive at the Roadhouse for lunch and the place is already filled with people coming up to Dean to congratulate him. At first he thinks they already know his engagement but then realizes that they mean his birthday. He smiles and shakes hands and hugs all these people but can’t help to be absent-minded because the most important person is missing.
“Cause I say so, Balthazar,” Dean threw back at him, a little too harshly. He felt bad the moment he said it, but he was in a really bad mood and the words came out before he
you forgot!” Mary interrupted her as she went out shouting, her fists clenched, her knuckles white. “You’re not our real parents!”
The smoke is getting really bad. If that kid is not dead yet, he will be soon. They both will be. He thinks of Sammy, of his parents. They’re going to be devastated. It eats him up that he’s not going to get to see them one more time and say goodbye. He’s going to miss Sam’s wedding and being an uncle. It’s stupid to think about it now but he is terribly disappointed for himself too; he hasn’t been a firefighter long, it’s not fair that he’s going to die so soon, that he doesn’t get to do what he loves, what he worked so hard to achieve, for a long time. He doesn’t want to die, he’s not ready yet. Life was
“I chased your brother around until he realised how awesome I am,” Cas deadpans with a straight face.
“Mary, we’ve talked about this.” Dean avoided meeting her eyes. He knew what he’d see in them; the same fear he was feeling. Instead, he grabbed the small blanket in the crib and put it around the youngest of his children. The baby kicked and threw his fists into the air in an angry motion. The force of his feet against Dean’s stomach actually hurt, the baby unable to control his powers. “Here, take your brother.”
Dean has a great night with his younger brother. He takes him out to eat to his favourite diner in town; they have burgers and cheesecake for dessert. They talk for hours, Sam tells him everything about their home, their parents, the friends Dean left behind to move for school. It makes him so homesick but he wants to hear all about it. In the back of his mind he thinks he would love to take Cas there one day and show him all of Dean’s favourite spots; that one diner that sells
he thought forcefully. Breasts, nice round asses with nothing but black, lace thongs, a pair of hands pulling them down for further access. He stroked himself fast, knowing he wouldn’t last much longer, happy that his mind was finally in the right track, when the hands that were getting rid of the underwear gained a face, and that face was Castiel’s. His hands, curious but determined, grabbed skin and pulled the female ever closer to him, his tongue moving with expertise along her neck. A part of him wondered if his imagination made justice to Castiel, if that’s how the angel had acted when he slept with either women he’d been intimate with, and it made him feel uncomfortable, almost
They could wait. They could research, read through every book in the bunker and also those of other bunkers, then more books his father could send them through friends… but there’s no promise that they’ll be successful in bringing her back to life and meanwhile she’s still there, trapped, sitting alone in the woods, more lonely than ever now that her son cannot visit her in a daily basis. Waiting would be selfish and perhaps even pointless. It tears him apart to be the cause of his mother’s definite death, but perhaps it is a more compassionate fate than what she’s going through now. She could rest, she could finally rest, and someday he will see her again. That’s the only thing keeping him from totally breaking down.
“Cas! Are you alright?” he kneels in front of his friend on the floor, and cups his beaten-up face in his hands. “I’m so sorry I’m late, I should have-”
“You have! Now keep my mom asleep while I put all this stuff away. We’re gonna have to come up with something, she saw you—”
Later that same day, Castiel’s home before Dean. He’s sitting on the couch working on some boring assignment -“why did I choose accounting?” he mutters under his breath- when Dean storms into the apartment and stands in front of him with his hands on his hips, glaring down at his best friend.
That’s the Winchester way, after all. He tries and tries but the more Dean attempts to bury his feelings, the more they resurface to slap him on the face. Eventually he pulls over by the side of the road and starts hyperventilating, recognising what can be nothing but a panic attack.
Cas comes first, pulling out just before cumming to mark Dean with his cum. Dean loves to watch him touching himself, loves to see the movement of his hand, the muscles and veins in his arm. Cas grabs Dean’s cock and pumps him fast as he comes over Dean’s stomach, making a mess on purpose, but his sub doesn’t mind, he finds everything Castiel does or say erotic, and it doesn’t take much more before he reaches his on climax, toes curling and his eyes rolling back to his skull.
In the back of his mind, in a secondary plane of importance, Cas can hear thunder rolling at the distance. The wind picks up. The weather turns unkind to match his unwavering rejection. He doesn’t mean to do it on purpose, it just happens sometimes, but this time his lack of control on his powers is useful. Castiel will make it pour down on Dean, he will make the sky fall on this stranger and chase him off his land and, hopefully, of his town.
So he texts Castiel his whole schedule. It shouldn’t change for the duration of the bet, except if Bobby asked him to cover a different shift on the auto shop. His weekends are fully free and he fidgets at the thought of Castiel summoning him right away as a consequence, his fingers hovering over the screen in hesitation before he mans up and writes:
His voice loses volume at the end and he makes a small pause, eyes still fixed on the roof. It’s hardly a confession, but Dean sees how his body tenses up. He’s not sure whether Castiel is just not used to saying it out loud or simply not completely in peace with his sexuality yet, but either way he gives the other man time to compose himself and continue.
Wellll i wasn't planning on adding another chapter today, but I had to or I wasn't going to be able to go to sleep. Thank you all so much for all of your comments and kudos. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it!!!
As the couple entered the kitchen, they were greeted by the smell of breakfast. Castiel couldn't decide which breakfast foods he smelled because there were so many. Eggs, bacon, waffles, fruit, cereal, yogurt, sausage, biscuits... You name it, it was on the counter waiting for them.
"Alright, alright, Mr. Independent has turned into Mr. Bossy." Cas smiled as he walked to the door and looked back at D. The kid was still smiling, but he had closed his eyes and settled in. Staying awake for an entire movie was sure to have drained him.
Around 4, Charlie knocked on the door. D snarled. "She's nice. I like her." Castiel softly said to the omega as he walked across the room. "Is everything okay?"
The door to their room opened before they had a chance to open it themselves. Gabe was standing there, his staple lollipop in hand. "Lawyer's here. Come on, you lovebirds."
Dean pointed to where he was staring- he pointed to the pacifier. “I… I didn’t know if I could get it myself, Daddy.”
Cas only hummed. He began stroking Dean’s back as he continued to read. Dean giggled again, and not just because he was little in that moment. That book was fucking funny. Especially with Daddy’s silly voices. At the end, Dean was disappointed. “’Gain, Daddy.”
"I'm positive it would help him, but with his aggressiveness, I seriously doubt that that is an option. I was in the room when Dr. Roche explained his current behavior needs."
Cas smiled wide and nuzzled under Dean's chin. "Hmm, as I love you. It was quite stressful, if I'm being honest. But you're going to take care of that later, right?"
Cas chuckled. “Yes, my prince his right here.” He laid down beside Dean and pulled him into his chest. “Tell me what you did today, baby.”
Eventually, Castiel turned left into Maple Acres. He had never been into this housing development, as it would probably take one year of work to make one month's rent. He could see Dean stiffen in his peripheral.
"I would never do that to you. I am never going to punish you. Here, I brought a couple of books for us to read together. Can I read you a story, Dean?"
Dean thought for a moment and began picking at his cuticles. "Well, what do you think I should do? You're the expert."
Dean wasn't sure how long they laid like that; naked and wrapped up in one another. It was perfect. "So, my baby boy. Are you ready to talk to Daddy?"
He must have been thinking for longer than he had realized. Sure and gentle arms wrapped around his waist as he put some mayo on their sandwiches. "'m okay, alpha." Cas noticed that the smell of irritated alpha permeated the kitchen.
Castiel hummed as he thought. "I'm not trying to imply that the kid has any malicious intent towards Dean. I truly believe that he's a good kid. I just have no idea how these two hit it off so quickly considering Dean's condition."
"Dumb ass." The two men laughed and instinctively pulled one another closer. The laid there in the quiet and just enjoyed listening to one another breathing. "When you gonna mate me, baby?"
"If you say so, baby." Cas moved his hand to cup Dean's cheek. "I want you to be totally honest with me. If there's something you are totally against, or totally for, please let me know. My job is to make sure your needs are met."
Castiel pulled himself further. He could finally see inside. Dean was facing the door on his knees with Roche standing in front of him. His back was Castiel. Dean's hands appeared to be bound behind his back. He had a small cut that was beginning to reduce to a trickle of blood on the left side of his forehead. Cas could tell that he was fighting to stay still.
Cas kissed his way down Dean's throat and chest. When he got to his stomach, he licked down to his target. Dean's breathing became heavier as Cas kissed around his cock. He let his tongue wander all over until he could feel slick trailing down Dean's thighs. While his lover certainly enjoyed his cock being given special attention, Castiel knew that Dean's true weakness was his perfect hole.
“Dean. Seriously. We’ve lived together for three years. You’ve left it in the bathroom one to many times. Sometimes I come home for my lunch hour. I see things. I know things.” He kissed Dean’s cheek. “Now, be a good boy and get your plug if you want to be filled tonight.”
Cas could see Dean flinch at the insult, but he doubt Roche even noticed his movement. The omega quickly schooled his expression. "Well, you know, they kept me around so long because I'm good at what they wanted me to do. When you take me back, they're going to put me on the same bench, in the same bonds, and have the same sign up on the wall. 'Don't touch, get rough.' It was right above my head. Before he wakes up... don't you want just... just a little sample of the real thing? Before I have to go away again?" Dean looked up and bit his lip. His eyes looked soft and he swayed gently towards Roche.
Cas lifted Dean's chin up and kissed him gently. It was not meant to arouse, but to comfort. "If you could see what I see right now, then you would agree that you are an absolutely beautiful man. My omega."
"I suppose you're right. It will be easy with you calling me on it all of the time." Cas laughed quietly as he walked inside.
"Alpha..." Dean kept his eyes locked onto Castiel's as he took one step forward. He carded his fingers through the alpha's hair and pulled it so their foreheads were touching. "My Mate."
"Yes, I am from the Omega Defense Team. His room number, please?" Castiel did not feel comfortable sharing any information about the case with this woman. Meg, according to her identification badge.
There had been no other days like today. This day was much more special than all of the other ones. Today was the day that they went to the doctor to find out if he and Sam were brothers. Castiel could feel the nervous, but excited, energy flowing throughout their home. Castiel knew that his mate was on pins and needles waiting for them to leave.
"Nah, alpha. Don't worry about it. You're cute when you get all protective." He placed another kiss to Castiel's hand. "One good thing, though, is that I think I know why I got along with Sam so well today."
Dean gave a quick nod. He did not take his eyes off of the nurse until he was in the bathroom. The nurse looked questioningly at Castiel and he didn't know what to do except shrug. "If you want, I can help him back to his bed," Cas offered. The poor woman looked scared shitless.
When Castiel looked down at his wrist to see if he had time to sit and talk through this with Dean, he realized he had taken his watch off in Dean’s room the night before. So, without a word or eye contact, he went back to Dean’s room and retrieved it. He looked at the bed, tangled sheets and soft memories. That was all he would get from Dean in this fantasy. That one night. That was okay.
Another nod. This time it was accompanied by a single tear. The tear fell down D's cheek and landed in the yellow fabric of the bee. He stuck his hand out further as if to say "just do it already."
He was silenced by Daddy putting a finger to his lips. “Shh, baby. Shh. Tell me, were you sleeping in my room?”
After a few growls at home improvement shows and looks that said "are you kidding me," at reality TV, D seemed content to watch one of the new superhero movies. His eyes were glued to the screen and his facial expressions made it clear just how invested in the story line that he was.
Once he rinsed off, Cas opened the glass shower door and grabbed his towel. "So, once we get all cleaned up, what would you like to do?"
"Yea, our man here is a trooper." Dean still looked furious that Charlie had came in, but he began rubbing Castiel's fingers with his thumb.
“I want after-work fussiness. When you’ve had a bad day and you need to vent and vent until you’re out of breath. I want those times when we fall asleep on the couch watching TV after you’ve said all you can.”
“No, Cas. I’m good. Thanks.” He turned so his back was facing the door way. His three or four hour nap didn't make him forget all the shit that happened before he stomped his way back here.
Slowly, Castiel's rehabilitation expertise began taking over instead of his protective inner-alpha. Dean could have been separated from Sam at seven years old if his math was correct. Sam would have only been three. Those ages came with the assumption that they were not separated in foster care. If they were separated, then Dean would have only been six when he lost contact with his brother. It made sense for a child in Dean's situation to repress painful memories. Perhaps he was so young that he repressed his relationship with Sam. It was too painful to not have his brother.
The omega hummed. He wrapped his arms around Cas' middle and rubbed his nose up and down Castiel's scent gland. "Smell good," Dean whispered.
Dean laid there, mouth agape, as he stared into Cas’ eyes. “Y-“ He had to swallow because his mouth was so dry. “Yes. Fucking yes, baby.”
Cas nodded and yawned as he slowly got out of bed. "So damn chipper," the alpha whispered under his breath.
"Umm.... no, I... I don't think so." Dean closed his eyes for a minutes  and wiped at them with the inside of his wrist.  "Alright, so, remember what you told me the first night this all started? That you would protect me when I was scared? Well... I'm kinda scared now." Dean bit his bottom lip and risked a glance up to Cas.
Cas looked around and smiled. While some of the decorations were a bit over the top, like the abundance of fake fruit in the middle of the table and the winding greenery over the fireplace, it was clear that love filled this home. Pictures of the Wessons littered almost every surface of the home. Walls, tables, cabinets, desks. As they walked into the large living room, he found an odd pleasure in seeing that the large photo over the sofa was not an ostentatious portrait, but a canvas print of the family making goofy faces. The obvious wealth and implied humility of the home was quite the opposite of what he expected. He was very happy that he was wrong.
Dean closed his eyes for a minute before sighing. "Yea, I guess. Normally, I have nightmares about... you know... the last couple of years." Dean shivered and Cas reached out to hold his hand. The omega gladly accepted the comfort. "But, today... today it was of when I was little. My dad."
The genuine smile that had crept up on his face quickly was replaced with a shit-eating grin when Bobby yelled "Your ten minutes was up two minutes ago, ya idjit. Come fix this damn thing."
Their day would begin by Dean snuggling deeper into Cas's chest and silently begging for him not to get up yet. Ultimately, Cas would relent and hold him for a few minutes longer before starting up a pot of coffee. The alpha would run his hands over Dean's back and chest while the omega would purr quietly. This usually led to Dean pulling the blanket up to their chins and wrapping one of his legs around Cas.
Dean rolled his eyes and settled his hands onto Cas's shoulders. "I know it is... I just..." he closed his eyes and let out a long breath through his nose, "I just really want those results to be positive."
Dean’s eyes shot open. Cas was going to cum? Where was he going to cum? He couldn’t decide which option he liked better—feeling cum on his back, his hole, or in his mouth. Hell, he would be satisfied with feeling his Daddy’s cum on his arm or leg if it meant he got to feel it. Oh, well. Daddy would decide what’s best.
You know how 2020 needs to end? With the longest chapter I've written so far that has no angst and only laughs and fluff and good times and healing. You know why? Ya know whyyyy??? Cause something good has to come out of this year. For the love of all that is sacred in this world.
"Here's what's going to happen, 'mega..." Dean moaned as Cas began sucking a mark onto Dean's scent gland. "I'm going to take you home. You're going to take a nice, long shower. When you get out, you're going to lay on your back on our bed and I'm going to absolutely worship your body." Dean shivered as Cas put a little pressure on his groin with his thigh. "I want every inch of you to know just how much I crave you, 'mega-mine."
He didn't think that Cas realized it, but he was thrusting his hips up. It was so shallow that Dean wouldn't have noticed if his head hadn't been down there. But his head was down there. And he fucking noticed.
ugghhhhhh the friggin' sappiness of this chapter is killing me!!!! I love these two so much. Thank you as always for the comments and kudos! You guys have no idea how much this means to me.
Cas could not wait to write in his case files. The patient was able to communicate his wants! This was huge! He was able to use gestures to explain a two-step process. Castiel never considered that D would still have these skills. He moved the chair beside of the omega and began writing quickly. Soon enough, he had an entire page of anecdotal data to provide the ODT. He was ecstatic. He didn't even notice D had turned over. Cas startled a bit when he saw D looking up at him. He was still holding the bee and it covered most of his face, as he had buried his nose in the toy. "I'm glad you like the toy, D."
Dean didn't have to be told twice. He popped the pacifier in his mouth and got back to work rubbing his hole. At this point, his head was using Cas' thigh as a pillow and he was enjoying the view of precum slowly running down the side. His concentration was broken when Daddy licked over his balls.
"It was my pleasure. It's rare for something like this to happen, so I am glad to have been a small part of it." With a nod, he left the room, chart in hand.
Cas thought it was very sweet of his omega to ask questions but to refrain from prying. The rehab specialist side of him thought it was amazing that Dean remembered these social cues after everything that he had been through.
Dean laid Mary very gently on the floor, placing a hand behind her head so she wouldn't hit the floor harshly, then took a few steps back.
The girl’s grace swayed unexpectedly, rolling forwards and then back again like a wave, and Balthazar jumped back. Tears quickly formed in his eyes and soon he started to sob silently as he kept walking behind her. Mary gripped the handle tightly and closed her free hand into a fist. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Slowly, her grace subdued and completely returned to its normally calm state within her.
One of the spirits puts a hand on his shoulder and Castiel halts, not because he’s afraid of her or perturbed by her touch, but to listen and pay attention to her. She points a bony finger to the distance, Castiel follows the direction of her hand, paying attention to his surroundings after having spent who knows how long walking around without any clear direction. Over the storm he can’t hear them but he can see a group of people in the train tracks—three men and four younger teens struggling. Two girls are holding hands, scared, while one of the men threatens a skinny kid with a knife. They’re in trouble, too far from the nearest house to ask for help. Abandoned bags from a gas station lay close to their feet. They probably went out to get snacks and got caught up in the storm Cas summoned.
Suddenly Novak’s weight is on top of him, hands at either side of Dean's head. His hips move fast, fucking into Dean's hand, while his lips hover over Dean's. Castiel's tongue licks Dean's lower lip teasingly and Dean meets him halfway for a hungry kiss, one he'd been waiting for for days.
Dean yawns loudly for the hundredth time and rubs his eyes with the back of his knuckles as he gets out of the car. He wishes he was at home, wrapped up in a blanket, sleeping... or maybe making out with Cas, he wouldn't mind waking up early for that. The last thing he wants is to go witch hunting with about four hours of sleep under his belt, he can barely open his eyes enough to drive, let alone look for clues in the dirty and mud, but duty calls. Having gone on a few short hunting trips during the winter holidays (nothing big, just a few ghosts that needed salting), he’s already learned hunting means not sleeping much. He tries to take it easy though, to brighten up the mood which is quite tense. To make Cas smile.
He sits back on his chair, momentarily angry at Castiel like the used to get before they (sort of) got to know each other better. He never truly
With the witching hour gone and the sun rising and shining down on them, Charlie is able to sleep a few more hours. They know daylight is no shield, that the sacrifice can still be done during the day, but since it’s not the witch’s usual m.o. she tells herself she can sleep some more without immediate danger lurking at every corner. After all, Teddy White was the only victim attacked during the day, so they don’t think it is likely to happen again.
“I know. Get in, Cas…tiel.” Dean blushes and turns his head away, hoping Castiel can’t see his cheeks burn with embarrassment in the dark. Now he realizes how stupid he was giving
Dean scoffed and shook his head. He hated the thought of depending on angels once again or even working with them. They’d been borderline enemies for a long time; they were condescending with annoying, huge egos, and their priorities were usually pretty fucked up, in Dean’s opinion. But just the thought of Lucifer coming for his kids made his stomach twist uncomfortably… It was a long shot, the Devil would probably not even bother coming to get the nephilim that were now out of his way, but because it was in Dean’s nature to be overprotective, he didn’t want to risk it. He’d be damned if he admitted to it, but Castiel was probably right, they needed help. He had to protect the kids, no matter what, he had to be ready; better safe than sorry.
He then goes into the kitchen and opens a few drawers until he finds the biggest cooking knife Sam’s got. Sam’s eyes go wide and he gives his brother this look that screams
Dean sighed and made his way into the library; he hated when Sam got so focused in his research that he ignored everything that happened around him. He hated talking to him and standing there like an idiot waiting for Sam to even realise Dean was addressing him, it felt like talking to a wall.
“Hey,” Sam mumbled nervously, hands buried in his pockets. He dragged his feet towards the counter and smiled at her.
His friend sucks in a breath and averts his eyes. Cas sets his jaw and Dean waits. The silence is finally tense and Dean worries again that he’s overstepped. As he always does, he hopes for the best and remains silent as Castiel gathers himself. The man just shakes his head and looks at the screen distractedly with sad eyes.
life. He’s not just a fantasy anymore, a mystery out of reach and available only at night; he is a real person that Dean gets to spend time with, someone he is getting to know more and more with each day.
Mary and her brothers stood in front of another familiar house late that night. It was Jessie’s house, Mary’s best friend. The girl led her brothers around the house to hide in the bushes of the boy’s garden and peeked through Jessie’s bedroom window. The light was on but he wasn't around, which made the girl think he was coming back at any moment.
The following day, Dean was in a terrible mood. Castiel practically forced him to go out for lunch and Dean tool the opportunity to start drinking early. That night, even Castiel had to rest, he couldn’t sit in front of the bright screen any longer. The two of them sat together in the couch as they drank some of the old Scotch. Dean felt terribly conscious of their proximity and stared straight ahead. He’d been stealing glances at the busy angel all day, encouraged by the alcohol that run through his veins. They made small conversation and Cas looked at him from the corner of his eye; Dean seemed distressed, the alcohol didn’t seem to be helping relax at all. Soon Dean left to bed, not baring the uncomfortable feelings that were building up in his chest as his mind wandered and imagined what he’d be capable of if he kept drinking and lost control. God knows he’d lost control many times before in his life and woke up not knowing what he’d done the night before. He couldn’t afford to be like that around Cas. And it embarrassed him and made him feel a profound shame that he was afraid of the possibilities; that there may even
Dean turned back to Sam. "Yea, give your number to Cas and I'll text you whenever I get mine set up."
Dean could hardly breathe when he felt the heat and thickness of Daddy’s cock touching his own. Cas began jerking them a little faster, but he never slowed down the attack he had made on Dean’s mouth. At this point, Dean had all of the closed-mouth kisses he wanted. He decided to be a little daring and licked Daddy’s lips and absolutely did not squeal as the other man parted his lips. Suddenly, their tastes mingled and morning breath was a thing of the past. Dean’s fingers wove into Cas’ hair and began bucking his hips up to meet Daddy’s hand. Dean didn’t want to talk and break the kiss, so that was the closest warning he could give that he was close. Cas seemed to understand and nodded his head slowly enough so their kiss was not disturbed.
The omega furrowed his brow and bit his lip. "Hmm... I don't have any money and I don't want to use yours on a bunch of random stuff that you don't like."
“Mhmm. I know. I like owning you. I want you to be calm and feel that way all day. We’re going to be with our friends and I want you to be your usual rambunctious self. However, you have to remember who you belong to, dear.”
Once the pie was divided and everyone was settled in their chairs, Gabe rubbed his hands together and turned on his computer. "Alright, so, it looks like we have one of our lawyers coming by at 8 this morning to get some reports. Cas, I'm sure that he's going to need to talk to you to get some information of Dean-o's progress."
Castiel couldn't be sure, but to the best of his estimation, he and Dean had spent an entire week in bed. No, the sun hadn't set a single time and the hands on the clock had only moved to a couple of other numbers, but he felt as if he and his omega were in a different reality. A reality where time didn't exist. A reality where they could stay cuddled close together; whispering promises of a lifetime together and declarations of loyalty.
With that, the couple gathered their things and walked out of their room. They ignored the knowing glances from office staff and agents. They ignored Gabe's finger guns when they got in the back seat of his car.
"Yea, baby. It's good. You go to sleep. You've had a busy day and we have a busy day planned again tomorrow. Is there anything else you need?"
Cas had just rimmed the fuck outta him. Of course he wanted to brush his teeth before kissing Dean again. Of course he wanted to get both of them cleaned up before they went to bed... together... as so much more than anything else that Dean could have imagined.
Dean and Castiel waved goodbye to Gabriel as they stood in the doorway of their home. The agent drove away and gave a discreet salute to Officer Hanscum who was parked across the street. Castiel looked over and saw the officer smiling in his direction. They were safe. Finally, he could be with his mate in privacy. "So, how about we actually get cleaned up and lie down?"
The alpha put quiet music on his phone as he began bustling around the kitchen. He tried to stay quiet as he mixed the ingredients and wrestled the stubborn casserole dish into the oven. The damn thing was a menace.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and let his chin rest on the omega's shoulder. "Then we will find some bacon."
Cas carried Dean over to their bed and laid him down. He kissed all over Dean's body until Dean's voice returned to its normal pitch. "I'm okay, Daddy."
Roche ran his hand through Dean' hair and pulled it back roughly. "Well, now this is the omega I was hoping to find these past few weeks. I knew you loved it."
"Good." With that, Cas began feeding Dean small pieces of food from his plate and holding his apple juice for him. Every so often, he would stop and instruct Dean to ride the cock with a simple command of "Again." Cas would then sit back, his legs splayed, as he lazily groped his clothed cock. By the third time Cas gave this instruction Dean's cock was an angry shade of red, tears streaked his face, and his legs were shaking from the strain.
Dean nodded. He let out a little moan and decided to spread his legs as far as possible so Daddy would know just how ready he really was. Cas surprised him. As soon as he hit the start button on the timer, he slid down Dean’s legs so he was no longer straddling him. There were no tempting rolls of his hips. No teasing. Daddy was getting straight to the point.
Of course, Dean nodded and then watched as Cas did something he didn’t even realize was a fantasy until that very moment. Cas picked up the pacifier off of the nightstand, ran it through the cum on Dean’s back until it was covered, and stuck it towards Dean’s mouth. Dean opened quickly and sucked down the flavor. Daddy’s taste all over his tongue. It felt so fucking good. It tasted salty, but it also had a hit of something that could only be described as “Cas.”
Dean stilled for a moment, surprised. Then, he pulled himself closer around Cas. The timid licks were quickly replaced with sure and confident ones. And a few bites. He never broke the skin, but Dean was teetering on the edge of something very dangerous. Castiel couldn't bring himself to care. This man would be the death of him, and, oh, what a glorious death it would be. Then, Dean moved and Castiel could feel just how much the biting was helping the omega. He could feel the proof of their connection stabbing into his hip.
Castiel nodded in return and kissed the omega's forehead. "I'm here, baby. You're safe. You're here with me."
A growl. The omega lifted his hand off of the bee slightly and pointed to Castiel's chair. Then, he pointed to the ground beside of his bed.
With that, Castiel was being pulled by his hand towards the lanky beta. "Hi, again, Mr. Novak." Sam stuck his hands in and out of his pockets a few times like he was unsure of what to do when he wasn't talking about the case.
Dean rolled his hips. Neither of them were hard, considering all of the emotions they had been focused on earlier. Regardless, it felt fantastic. "Mhmm." He bent down and sucked Cas's earlobe between his teeth. "That happens when your True Mate makes everything better. You want to thank them..." He rolled his hips slower and harder. "Properly."
Dean twisted slightly so he could kiss Castiel. He stopped thrusting and pushed back on Cas' hand. "Fuck... Alpha!"
"Yea, yea, Dr. Biology. I'm not sure when my heat will hit. Alastair always made sure I was on suppressants." At the mention of Alastair's name, Dean's smile faltered.
As he walked down the hallway, Dean began thinking of whether or not tt would have pissed him off more if he has told him to grow up. It probably would've hurt worse, but he knew how to deal with that. Dean was clueless about what he was feeling right now. What was worse? There was no way to stay mad at someone for being a good friend. He was going to have to figure his own shirt out.
"It would be an overload. He's gone almost two years with no touch. He would probably seize up or go comatose or..."
"Sleepy sex. I've never done that. Just lazy," a yawn broke his seduction, "Fuck. Just lazy and not rushed."
And just like that, everything finally clicked into place in that fucked-up head space of Dean Winchester.
“You need to calm down.” Cas was looking at Dean very seriously as if he didn’t have a swollen thumb from a misplaced nail strike with a hammer.
The angel wants to pay attention to him but suddenly his brethren are screaming in his head at the same time, are yelling the news at each other and arguing about what to do about it.
I have trust issues with fics that aren't completed from an amazing story I started reading and then the author abandoned it, so I just want to say I finish all the stories I start.
Dean’s heart is hammering in his chest. He has no idea how to handle this situation with his dad, what’s going to happen when Castiel leaves and they have to talk about what John saw. It’s a conversation Dean would have preferred never to have with his dad unless he ever had a serious male partner. But for now, there are more important things to worry about, like Cas.
“Unless you don’t want to,” Sam continued. Dean looked up, surprised. “Is that why you’ve come here, Dean? To… ask
Then Sam starts opening the pages and pointing to weird articles he read during the past few days, all of which now make a little more sense with Castiel’s presence around the area.
the truth. You shall show me the same courtesy or we won’t speak at all.” The young witch frowns, confused as to what the king means, so he explains, “the key to Hell wasn’t stolen from your family, it was given away by one of you.”
Benny asks him to go for a run with him, Dean thinks it’s just what he needs to distract himself. They run for an hour, stop at the park to watch the ducks and talk about football, school, life, then they head back again. Benny doesn’t ask again who Dean’s dating but he knows his friend wants to. They all want to but they also know he keeps his secrets and his feelings close to him, like his father.
“It’s not that simple, Dean. A simple tantrum could put people's lives in danger,” the angel tried to reason with the brothers.
leave? The gossipy ginger isn't the type of friend who respects privacy and let's Dean do his things without meddling and asking a dozen questions. It's his fault too, he always indulges her and tells her all about the girls he dates, and by now she is used to having full access to his private life.
“Quite good, Baltz,” Mary complimented him as she observed him. “Can you move them a little? Try to bend them around you, like papa does when he rocks us.”
Dean obeys at once and all but runs downstairs to bring Cas what he needs. With him gone, the witch knows he only has a moment to do what he knows he must do but doesn’t want Dean there to see it. He holds his fists in front of him and, with his eyes closed, he tries to envision as realistically as possible that he’s holding his own broken rib on his hands. Anticipating the paint that is to come, he takes a deep breath (or as deep as he can manage without cringing in pain) and after saying a few whispered latin words, he rapidly moves his hands so that they’re in front of him one next to the other as if he’d forced the rib to become straight into one piece again. Inside of him he can feel something moving and a deep groan of pain erupts from him. His knees buckle and he leans a hand against the wall to steady himself. White stars cloud his vision, momentarily all he can think about is blinding pain shooting through him. He never wants to have to use that spell again.
Cas reaches out to grab Dean’s wrist. Anticipating it will hurt to move it, Dean attempts to pull away but Cas is faster. Dean braces himself for the pain but he feels nothing but some uncomfortable electricity running under his skin and then, just as quickly as the pain came, it’s gone. He moves his wrists back and forwards and smiles.
Until the day of the earthquake. Sam had drove into town not long before the strange event took place. It was the closest town south to where the man's farm had been. He couldn’t really know where the origin of the seismic activity was without Cas, but news travelled fast in the small town, and people were panicking while they shared stories of the local priest swearing he’d been visited by angels, right before the mysterious earthquake took place. Now people wondered if they had not perhaps been visited by darker beings. It didn’t help that there was a man dead at the church. The priest was brought into the police station for questioning, and was being held there. So, Sam Winchester suited up, grabbed his FBI badge and went to talk to the priest. It wasn’t hard to get him to talk about what he saw, a man of faith spoke more freely of the supernatural, and  Sam didn’t like one bit what he heard. His suspicions were confirmed; these children were the nephilim Cas and the other angels were looking for, and by the looks of it, they’d found them. He felt sick as he wondered what had happened to Mary. Was she dead? Did she survive the stab? Did Dean find her? Because the description of the two men who came into the church afterwards, obviously belonged to his brother and Cas. Whenever he heard ‘trench-coat’, he knew people were talking about Cas.
stairs Dean actually needs to take breaks until he finally arrives at his bed. He spends the rest of the day watching Scooby Doo with Jack and Cas. Sam has dinner with them in the bedroom, sitting at the foot of the bed until Jack falls asleep and he offers to take him to bed. He comes back to give his brother a hug that in not short of urgent affection, one that says
“It doesn’t matter, really. All my brethren now thinks they’re mine. I’m going to be as hunted as the children. Dean,” his tone became softer, “I think we should part ways.”
," Balthazar corrected her. Mary just rolled her eyes. "They're not monsters until they do something bad!" he insisted.
"Because you grew fond of the boy, didn't you?" another familiar voice called. Everyone turned to see Crowley in a corner, leaning casually against the wall like he'd been there with them all along.
“Pie would be great,” Dean forced a smile in the woman’s direction, who shifted in her seat awkwardly, smiling back at him. “Thanks, Josie.”
“It’s okay. We’re okay,” she whispered words of comfort, not only for Baltz’s sake, but for her own.
Trying hard to think of anything but how lovely Castiel looks when he is peaceful, Dean deflects his thoughts to kinkier ones, hoping he gets some bruise or mark from the ropes. He pulled hard from them, tried to break free to test them at first and then because it was simply exhilarating to be unable to break free. He couldn't move, immobilized with his hands tied to the bedframe and his dom's weight on top of him. He'd felt trapped, practically weak, but he thrived in the feeling of being completely at Castiel's mercy. Cas made it so enjoyable too, teasing Dean with pain, biting him hard on a thigh or pinching his nipples until he gasped in pain, only to reward him later with beautiful, just as equally overwhelming feelings of pleasure. The moment Castiel's lips closed around the head of his cock, Dean had to look away and think of something else, or he would have finished embarrassingly fast. He hadn't been expecting it at all, thought Cas would never do that to a sub. Boy, had he been wrong. Castiel was either extremely talented or he had done
“Dean,” Castiel starts with a fake gentle voice and a slight curve in the corner of his lips, “would you mind showing me the way to the bathroom? This is a rather big house.”
Mary turned around and observed her soul; she was in the edge of a complete meltdown. It pained her to see the pure hearted human in such a state. She took a deep breath and turned around to face the angel again. “You really wanna help us?”
"What about ghosts? Are those real?" she asked in an attempt to change the subject, and also in sincere curiosity.
universes. “And I’m fine with that, I am, if they are safe somewhere else. But she deserves to know. I- I don’t want them to think we’ve abandoned them.”
Ignoring him, Sam continues with the list. “There have been reports of wild life here and there doing crazy stuff. It’s been raining for three days in a row in another town where a dam is supposed to be built so they can’t go on with the construction.”
Rowena sighed; that’s exactly what she’d meant to avoid, the little dark-haired boy getting hurt in any way. But in the end, he fallen into the role he had always been preparing for, that of the saviour. The witch shook her head; such a Winchester, reckless thing to do. But he was fine, he’d be back soon…
“Of course it has,” he replies before he leans in to kiss Cas again. He buries his hands in his angel’s ever messy hair, pulling from it gently, playfully. His tongue moves in to explore Castiel’s and the other sighs into his mouth, pulling Dean impossible closer.
Dean remembered what Cas had said; it wasn’t possible for him to forget the very arousing words Castiel had spoken not long ago, that carried promises of pleasures unknown to Dean. And he was curious, more curious than afraid now, when they didn’t have much time any more to take things slowly. Despite this, he couldn’t deny a part of him was afraid of the pain he knew could come from anal sex, especially if they didn’t go through the much-needed preparation, but Castiel seemed so sure of what he was doing and, to be fair, he did have
“Bad day, Cas?” he laughs because the accountant looks hilarious right now, all rattled and out of breath.
In silence, John stares back at his son for a few generous seconds. He averts his eyes and frowns, thinking hard. “I thought I heard— but I thought they meant they moved or something… Jesus—”
"It'll be okay, kiddo. And I know you don't like Rowena but... I swear she's not going to hurt any of us."
“Dean Winchester,” she starts, wearing that same smile that made him do a bunch of stupid shit for her in the past, “ drunk cheese thief.”
The boy looked down at Zeppelin; the baby was breathing evenly, he didn’t seem anywhere close to waking up. So Balthazar gathered his courage, made himself visible again and walked up to the man.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart,” Rowena stroke the boy’s hair and wiped his tears away with a fancy handkerchief. “Everything’s going to be all right. I’ve got you now.”
“Cas called,” he announces. Dean’s ears perk up and he looks at his father with hope, but then swallows it right back when John grimaces a little.
"He's missed you," Cas stated solemnly, smiling tenderly at the both of them, then turned to look down at Mary. The expression in her face made his smile falter.
“Can we focus, please? You're not helping, Crowley,” Sam rolled his eyes and pretended he wasn't in the same line of thoughts as him, for Dean’s sake. If it
Dean looked at him for a moment while a tense silence settled between them, his heart beating so fast it was like a drum in his ears, when in reality his brain was screaming with a mess of a emotions.
“Mary, are you alright, sweetheart?” he asked as he helped her daughter to her feet, taking the baby from her.
Castiel didn't need telling twice. Both of them all but jumped to the backseat, where Dean pinned Castiel down, positioning himself on top of him almost immediately. His hands found their place again under the angel's shirt. Dean explored his ribs, his stomach, gripped his hips, pulling him closer. He wasn't just drunk on alcohol, but on
“I felt an incredible power running through me. Like a expansive wave. My brothers are saying it’s a Nephilim.”
The man was panicking as the gorgeous woman before him observed him, patiently waiting for him to go on. How did he
Satan shifts closer to the bed, a hand with long dark fingers grabbing the metal bed frame at the boys’ feet, and he explains, “you’ve strayed into the light. You’ve ignored my warning like your father before you.”
The words were like a slap to Dean's and Castiel's faces and both remained completely silent for a moment, too hurt to think of what to reply.
A smile spread across her face. She was about to wake her brother up when she heard the wrong voice talking to her through the bond.
Benny gives him a quizzical look when Castiel's tone comes out so disappointed at hearing his friend’s doing better. “I don’t understand why you don’t wanna go, you love the carnival,” Benny points out.
“You’re ten, Mary!” Dean threw back at her. “Zep is stronger than me too, should I send him off to fight too?”
"We'll figure it out, Cas," Dean squeezed his shoulder and shoved him playfully, trying to get him to calm down. "Hey, is Sam up yet?"
Balthazar looked up to Mary. He looked scared and tired, the kid was a ticking time bomb of emotions. “Mary!” he cried out in fear as the strange man darted towards them.
When he gets to the room, Novak is waiting for him, sitting at the edge of someone's bed. He smiles when Dean comes in, though Dean isn't sure whether he is pleased with himself or how fast Dean answered his call.
“Leave the guy alone, will ya?” Dean defends Castiel, kicking Pamela under the table. He ends up kicking Charlie instead by accident and she kicks him back in retaliation.
“I got married to a demon by accident. It wasn’t my fault though. Bela and her friends did this spell, kind of like a sacrifice but it sorta backfired on them and so I—”
Castiel’s children are. They're strong and good, and forgiving. They're resilient, loyal to a fault and selflessly kind. They're definitely a reflection of Cas, he thinks, though the angel will never see it that way. He's got a bad habit of underestimating himself (just like Dean) and not seeing how truly great he is. But
Around dinner time, they call it quits. Dean stretches his legs under the desk and his arms over his head. His ass aches from sitting all day. When he puts his arms down, he leaves one of them stretched on the back of Castiel’s chair. The smell of roasted chicken comes all the way from the kitchen. Dean’s stomach growls and his mouth waters. If his dad is able to cook one thing right is roasted chicken, it’s what he makes when he wants to impress a guest.
Dean was breathing hard and thinking quickly as the memories of the fresh dream circled in his rebellious, treacherous brain. He could feel himself still hard under the covers.
It’s a whole lot of repressing feelings, drinking and sleeping right after work for Dean for the next five months. Sam’s expressed his concern a couple of times already, advised Dean to get help, see a grief counsellor or something, but Dean warns him that if he gives his unrequested opinion again, he’s going to get punched in the face. The drinking numbs his mind and the dreams ease his loneliness, if only for just a little while, when he sees Jack in them. He hasn’t touched any of Jack’s things, hasn’t even had the guts to go into his room ever since that day at court. He’s becoming depressed, he knows the signs, but he doesn’t really care to do something about it at the moment. He just returns home after work, drinks and waits. For what, he doesn’t know, he’s not sure. He has this stupid fantasy that Jack will remember him and he’ll come looking for his first dad years later, which is ludicrous, and even if it happened, he’d have to wait years to see him again. He prays that he’ll run into Castiel, that he will see Jack again, but at the same time he doesn’t know how he’d react, doesn’t think he would be able to walk away from the kid a second time without falling into some sort of argument or fight with the father. Maybe he’s waiting for Castiel to change his mind, to realise he made a mistake, that he’s not cut out to be a father, maybe he’ll take Jack back to him. Or perhaps he’ll decide to attempt suicide again and this time he will succeed, and then Dean will be able to adopt Jack again. He’s so drunk he can’t even begin to feel sorry for that train of thought, though he hates himself for it the next day.
Dean looks down and takes another huge bite of his taco, hoping to be able to pretend his ears don’t color when he thinks of that night. He shrugs, dismissing Benny’s concerns, even though he absolutely understands his best friend must be confused about his sudden newfound tolerance towards Novak, the guy Dean spend the last two years talking about how he wanted to destroy him in the field and wipe that obnoxious grin off his face.
At first Charlie is confused by the tone of frustration in Dean’s voice but soon she realizes what the problem is. A devilish grin spreads across her face.
“You shouldn't go around implying what I know you’re implying,” Dean contests his brother’s theory with some degree of heat in his voice. “You have no proof.”
Cas looks at him with pleading eyes as he waits for Dean to understand, but the human just stared right back at him, his confusion never seizing.
As Sam gets in, Dean follows suits, getting behind the wheel. Driving gives him a real excuse to avoid Sam’s eyes which is good because it makes lying to him easier. Dean had told him the day before that the Novaks weren’t home when he drove by but what excuse could he come up with now? He knows Castiel is his age and should be in the same grade.
his family before going on this wild goose chase, he could be better prepared to ask his next question.
“And what if they don’t beat Lucifer?” Dumah, the third angel, asked, crossing her arms over her chest, looking worried. Just what they needed,
Dean realised they do not have at all enough clothes to replace the ones the baby gets dirty. They must either buy new clothes or do laundry way more often. He left the baby with Rowena and Balthazar for a moment as the witch read to them on the sofa, and barged into Castiel's room looking for a new onesie. When he turned around and saw the angel coming in, naked except for the towel around his waist, he jumped back and nearly ran out of the room, except Cas forced the door closed with a wave of his hand before Dean could get out.
who drove him away from school in the first place, but not anymore, he deserves to have a family, if that’s what he wants, and I’ll be okay with that when he leaves. And you… There’s always something else that needs your attention. You’re always coming and going, sometimes you don’t even tell us where to.”
"Yeah, well, you know what I mean. Give the baby some space. He'll be fine. You could- you could stay with me... In my room, I mean. If you'd like."
“Thank you so much for caring for my children,” the father of the kids said. “You've no idea- I- I owe you everything.”
physically, it’s messing with his head. If at least he could have a full night sleep, his brain would toughen up for sure.
Dean snorts, smiling broadly in a way that isn’t provoking but honestly amused by the situation. It's a sight for sore eyes, he looks radiant, and Cas cannot deny that as much as he'd like to. “Well, I’m glad to see you’re owning up to it. Now get in, I’ll drop you off first.”
It takes him a while to realise Castiel has stopped talking and he's supposed to say something. And, also, breathe.
him, although no sound at all reaches his ears, not even the birds singing. It's not that the place isn't beautiful but it feels charged. With what, Dean's not sure.
“I’ve wanted to do that for a long time,” he confesses, and there it is again, that uncharacteristic softness about him that he apparently reserves only for Cas.
Joining the rest of the group downstairs is a little bit awkward. It’s obvious by their dishevelled hair and the fact that Cas put another shirt on that something went down. Not to mention Gabriel teases them, to piss them off and to make light of the situation at the same time.
“Hello,” Novak greets them rather awkwardly, looking around the table with a shy smile. Dean blinks a few times, confused; it always seems so surreal to him when Castiel acts like a normal human being. He can’t help wondering if he’s pretending to be so sweet, or if perhaps he’s only acting when he’s rough with Dean.
Castiel jumps to his feet and looks down at Dean like he’s going to put the fear of God in him. “You went on a
“I gave them away?” Cas half tells him, half asks, wondering if he should stop already with the prank and just confess they’re safe and sound at Gabriel’s.
“I was sure that’s what you’d say,” she states solemnly with a knowing smile. “Lucky for you, you have choices.”
He’s just letting the sponge soak when he feels Benny’s hand on his front pocket, stealing his phone in a swift, graceful moment. Dean yelps and turns on his heels, water dripping from the sponge and onto the floor. He panics for a moment at what his friend might see if he checks his phone, then his heart relaxes when he remembers he always deletes Castiel’s messages practically as soon as he gets them.
After a short pause in which Dean debates whether to indulge the demon’s question or not, only to decide that he will keep it civil if the demon does (and honestly what other choice does he have?), he answers, “I’m… a student.”
He knows this crucial bit of history that is part of his culture, it’s satanism 101; the most powerful of magic, that of none other than God’s, sealed the devil away in Hell for longer than any book can account, to protect the Earth from God’s most violent son. Satan cannot, he just
Sam wants to slap the back on his brother’s head as he sees Castiel’s face transforming, going from debelief to hurt and finally rage; that is the last straw for him, that one really does it for him. Jo has both hands covering her mouth and Ellen’s shaking her head, anticipating what’s about to happen and she knows it’s not going to be good.
“I’m not stupid, Dean. That wasn’t as smooth as you thought, you two leaving for dinner together,” Cas looked back and forth between them, and Sam guiltily avoided his eyes, turning back around on purpose. “You both have conveniently forgotten about the nephilim these past two days, huh? If you’re going to do things behind my back, at least don’t be a hypocrite about it.”
"Oh, come on, Cas, they're angels, I doubt high cholesterol can kill them," Dean shrugged not without a cheeky grin as he took the pie out of the fridge with extreme care.
. That goes straight to Dean's dick. He never realised how much he could like the whole name calling thing, no one had been rough enough with him, not even verbally.
But he’s ignored too. Castiel goes straight to Dean’s room, or what used to be his room, and he looks for something,
Castiel’s mouth opened to let Dean’s tongue in with a naturality that seemed second-nature to him. It was like Dean belonged there, with his lips on Cas’. He made no objection when Dean moved against his body, shifting to position himself properly on top of Cas with his knees on either side of the angel’s hips. He lowered his body, desperate to feel the warmth of the angel’s skin against his again and for as long as possible. There was something magical about feeling Castiel’s stomach rise and fall with his breathing against Dean’s stomach, feeling the sharp edges of the other’s hips against his own, but the angel’s response to Dean’s kisses distracted him from these sensations; Cas was hard against Dean.
Oh, the fucking irony. Of all the things his son could be called weird for, having two fathers was the reason why? Not because he was half-angel?
The pup looks around confused. It takes him a moment, but then he gasps and turns around grinning at his uncle.
“You just want to fuck me in the morning,” Dean jokes because he’s nervous with indecision and he needs a second.
“I don’t have a choice,” Cas said with a heavy heart. “I have to stop Raphael. I have to protect my family.”
“Look at this,” Rowena said. Sam turned to see her going through Balthazar’s backpack carefully as the boy rested on top of her, his head laying against her shoulder. She had a fat envelope, addressed to Bobby. She reached towards the backseat and passed it on to Dean. Dean opened it and started reading the letter. He was surprised to recognise his own handwriting.
passing in slow motion, as the angel continues to speak, “I think you're perfectly capable of showing me how it's done.”
“Mr Winchester,” he repeats, and then his face turns a little softer, which should be comforting, but it isn’t; he looks like an adult who is about to deliver some bad news to a kid. “The court would like to thank you for all the time, effort and love you have dedicated to raising this child when he was alone. You’ve done a wonderful thing and you should be proud of yourself. However, I cannot ignore the fact that Mr Novak is Jack’s biological father. He did not willingly gave his child away and I am sure Jack wouldn’t had been given up for adoption had he known earlier about him. The police should have done a better investigation, I am afraid. It is only fair that Mr Novak is given a chance to be a father to his son and-”
The exchange leaves Castiel feeling like an asshole. He locks eyes with Dean again, who doesn’t seem to entirely forgive and forget the other’s unfair attack but also doesn’t try to continue the argument when he could easily demand that Cas apologizes. Dean doesn’t want to cause a scene and for that Castiel’s grateful.
“Here are the rules, boy. I know that you are feeling rather confident that you are going to enjoy this, but this is a punishment. You will not enjoy this. Your punishment is to compliment yourself.” What the actual fuck, Cas?  “You have to think of compliments for yourself- genuine ones- since you could not accept one today. While you’re doing that, I’m going to be jerking my cock while looking at your pretty little self. When I cum, you can’t have any. You’re going to clean me up any other way that you wish, but you cannot use your mouth.”
"That went on for about another two years. Man, I loved that job. I met some interesting people, saw amazing places, ate good food. Never mistreated during all of that. Got to do some awesome training, too, and got pretty ripped. I could fight and finally stand up for myself, ya know? I felt safe and stable. And then I presented." Dean chewed his lip and kept Bee in his hands. "When I presented, Alastair told me that I had two choices. One, I could change my job to be his kept boy and service him at any and all times,"
“A sexy compliment?” As much of a turn on as all that was, Dean had no idea what a ‘sexy compliment’ was.
The young man put his bee down beside him without taking his eyes off of their hands. He lifted his other one out to Cas. "D, I cannot wait until the day that I can hold both of your hands, but we need to take this very slowly. You still have some medical things we have to be careful of and I cannot risk your health, D. Soon, friend. Soon we will hold both hands all day if you want. For now, why don't we hold one hand until you fall asleep?"
"No, sweet boy. I do all of that because even without a scent, you are the most infuriatingly resilient, generous, and kindhearted man that I have ever met. Not to mention the fact that you are the most gorgeous person on the planet. No, Dean. I do all of those things because you have me wrapped around your finger, baby, and I would do anything to be able to just sit in the same room as you. You have absolutely ruined me, Dean."
"No, I can't say that I have," Dean mocked back in his deepest voice. "Then go check! Please, baby? Please? Please?"
Cas chuckled. “I know you’re scared of thunderstorms. Anyone with your background would be. Why try to keep that a secret?”
"Yea. It has to be slow. Anyways, back to the letter D. I called him 'omega' which most people don't care about, right? People refer to designations all of the time. That's when he got angry with me. Fuckin' growled."
Cas only chuckled. “Don’t move, baby. Daddy has a reward for you since you took your punishment so, so well.” Dean felt Cas run a finger over his back, through the cum and sweat. Then, he felt Cas gently pull his cheeks apart and push a finger back in. “No one will ever make you and your hole feel like you do with Daddy and Daddy’s cum. It feels good being marked inside, doesn’t it, baby?”
Cas wrapped his arm around Dean's shoulders and kissed his cheek. "I understand that sentiment. Do you want to take your shower first? I only have the one bathroom."
Dean just nodded. Good babies don’t talk back. What- where the fuck had that thought come from? Damn it, porn. Cas pushed the pacifier into his mouth and Dean accepted it. “Are you going to be a good boy for Daddy?” He fucking nodded. “Then show Daddy you appreciate your prize. Suck, baby. I want to see my baby comfy and taken care of… to see my baby happy.” What the fuck was happening? Where was this almost-dirty talk coming from? His eyes darted around, trying to figure out if this was a dream or a nightmare.
Dean nodded with a sad smile. "Yea. That's normal. I didn't present until I was almost twenty." Castiel's eyebrows shot up. That late of a presentation was almost unheard of, especially in omegas. "Went my whole life thinkin' I was beta. In the back of my mind, I figured that if I did present late, it would be as an alpha. I mean, hell, I'm taller than you. When I get back in the gym, I'll be able to kick your ass."
"Gabe, you've had this office for four years. You would think you would know how the lock works by now."
They washed up, exchanged a manly kiss, got into bed, Dean was the big spoon, and they lived happily ever after.
"Yes, sir." The alpha grabbed a couple of towels that Dean had forgotten in his excitement to erase the smells of the day.
Somehow, Dean managed to maneuver himself close to Cas' cock. Before sucking on it, though, he looked up and gave a weak smile. "Thank you, sir."
"That would be great, thanks, Cas. My parents are both at work, but they would love to get together for a late lunch or dinner. Maybe you can look at the car, Dean, and then we can go get a bite to eat?" Dean smiled a timid smile and nodded. Cas could tell he was very apprehensive about this potential meeting.
While Cas got together sandwich supplies and Dean dozed on the couch, the alpha couldn't help but to become angry at Alastair and Roche. He thought back to his initial conversation with Gabriel regarding Dean. He thought about how Alastair referred to him as 67 instead of his name. He thought about how Dean's inner-omega shut down and still refused to come out of its shell. He thought about Dean aggression and shyness. His confusion and his hurt.
“I, uh… I was scared of the storm…” It was barely above a whisper but Dean felt like he had screamed it to the world.
He was going to take away the stress from Dean’s life, well, at least part of it. He would give him an opportunity to let go of some control, make fewer decisions, and be happier. He would give him comfort, discipline, and most of all, a way to cope with his fears without feeling awkward or like an outcast. Yes, that was what needed to happen. As an intern- paid, mind you- at a successful counseling service, he knew that he needed to support his friend in any way possible. Even if that way entailed using the terms “daddy, baby, and suck,” more than the average conversation.
"I feel like we should have this conversation in private. Our patient doesn't need to hear that language. We can talk about this after Dean goes to sleep."
"We can always talk about that later. Right now, we have a big, bad beta to take care of. Baby, did you see what he made me do?" Dean gave a fake pout and then grinned a wicked grin.
Cas stood and watched and Dean repeated the same process for finding blankets in the huge bin that was conveniently positioned next to the pillow aisle. Most of them were solid color fleece, but there were a few that had stripes and patterns. One was terribly scratchy, but it had lassos all over it, so Cas didn't say anything.
"Man, that's super awkward! How did your date take it?" Cas was happy to see Dean entering his happy space again.
Dean grabbed the plug and lube and fucking ran back to the bedroom. He got on his knees and spread them apart so Cas could see how his hole was already clenching to be filled up. The air was chilly around his rim, but it felt so good to be exposed. If Cas wanted him like this all of the time, he could totally get on board. He didn't care if Cas was all the way back in the room or not, he could see when he got there. He hadn't been this horny in who even knows when and Daddy had given him permission to fuck himself.
Sam pulled back and patted Dean's shoulder. "No, that's okay. We can meet in an hour for lunch if that's okay with you. At my house. That way you guys will have some time to clean up," he said pointing to some oil on Dean's arm. Cas felt an overwhelming rush of arousal and excitement when he looked at Dean. Oil-smeared, sweating, all man, and all his.
"Yea, but not off of him," Cas started into the room with Charlie behind him. "Just down his arm..." Charlie slowed her speech as Castiel opened the door.
Cas rolled off of him and shook his head. “Dean, we have been friends for so long. Our first time isn’t going to be rushed or pressured. We’re going to take our time and work up to it. When I take you for the first time, I’m going to need hours. Not minutes.”
With that whirlwind of an interaction, Cas supposed his only other task was to work on his case notes. When he walked back into the room, D was still sleeping with Bee tucked under his arm. In the distant future, when D was released, Castiel was sure that Bee would go with him.
“Fuck,” Dean whispered and grabbed his dick beneath his boxers. Daddy gave him permission. Right there in black and white, Daddy told him that he could pleasure himself. “Fuck!”
Dean jumped up quickly, ignoring the pain in his knees from being on them for so long. He sat so their cocks were touching like they were that morning. “Daddy, if I can’t have your cum, then I want to cum. Please?”
Dean nodded. "That's a good point. Alright, well, you probably need 5W-30 oil. Don't buy any of that overpriced bullshit, either. Store brand does the same thing for half the price."
In the early morning light, Dean looked so content. His broad shoulders and muscular legs were relaxed and he was just, well, soft. He looked vulnerable and trusting. Cas smiled as he looked down between them and saw the pacifier had fallen out during the night. He anticipated it would have. It made him very happy to know that Dean had not removed it and placed it on the nightstand. His macho-man was his sweet little baby last night and it made his confidence, and morning problem, rise.
"Thank you, sir. Please note, though, that he prefers not to be identified by his designation. He prefers to be called 'D.'"
"Hi, I'm Castiel, feel free to call me Cas. This is my mate-to-be, Dean." Cas gestured to Dean and tried to hide his own anxiousness that was sure to try to escape his scent-muting spray.
"Hey, man, if this is really how you feel, then I'm not going to a damn thing to stand in your way. I'll give his case over to Garth, but I'm looking at your latest report and it looks like he may need what- one more of speech therapy? Maybe two of muscular?"
Somehow, during his internal panic, Castiel had walked himself back to the bathroom. Shit. Well, no going back now. If it was weird, then it was weird. They were destined to be together. He couldn't mess it up too badly. Right? Right.
Dean tried to hide his smile, after all he was still pissed off, but Castiel could see his excitement in his eyes. He nodded.
Slowly, the blood quieted in his ears and the voices became clearer. That... that was Dean's voice. What the hell? How was Dean still here? How long was he out? Could it have been that quick? Surely not. His forearms were tingling. Slowly, Castiel was coming back to life. It wasn't nearly fast enough.
It wasn't some shy grin, either. It was a real smile full of perfectly white teeth. His mouth was open wide enough that his top and bottom teeth couldn't even touch. He threw his head back in a sound similar to a laugh. D looked at his hand again and held it up for Castiel to see. He wanted to show him what was happening.
in a relationship?” Cas rolled eyes when he said ‘officially’ and acted like he was gagging. He always hated hearing people talk about that and now he was having the conversation.
With that, Dean pulled Castiel's arms around his waist and let them settle on the small of his back. Once he was situated again, Dean began sucking on Castiel's scent gland. "'s good." If he had not been right by Cas's ear, the omega would've been too quiet to hear.
"Fair point." Dean took Cas' hand in his. "I can't wait for you to be able to smell me. I mean, I get that you like me and everything, but man, it is a totally different kind of experience. It's like... I don't know how to put it into words. I just know that for once in my life that I have what I need."
Cas nodded and tried not to let his alpha rage show. How could anyone not immediately seek Dean out to comfort him and protect him? He probably presented late because no one was taking care of him.
“Y-yea. I know.” Dean swallowed and looked up from his place on the couch to Cas leaning on the kitchen door jam.
Castiel gave a sad smile. He was so caught up in D's positive attitude that he forgot just how extraordinary his case was. A victim of Alastair's who could still hold his head high. What a man. Omega or not. Cas tried to calm his scent and strolled into the room. "Well, I have some good news!"
Dean didn't speak. Instead, he continued taking deep inhales of Castiel's scent. A few moments passed and Cas sure that Dean was asleep. However, a timid lick over Cas' scent gland told him otherwise.
About fifteen minutes before the documentary ended, with his feet still being massaged, Dean settled down further into the couch and held Bee close to his chest. He allowed his thumb to go to his mouth and he sighed as he began sucking on it. Cas felt his heart swell. His omega had been neglected of a safe childhood or safe adolescence. Dean had never been safe. So, Cas remained silent as Dean enjoyed his quiet comforts that his new-found safety brought him.
Castiel just chuckled as he continued kissing over Dean's mating glad and scratched his chest and biceps lightly. "I guess we're awake, now, huh?"
Bobby stood first and shook both of their hands. "It's nice to see you two again. Thank you for joining us on such short notice."
Dean hummed against Cas's throat as he thrust up slowly into the alpha's thigh. "I... I don't know, Alpha... It's... I can't..." He groaned and tilted his head back when Cas nipped at his mating gland. "Wanna get off, but I want it at our house..." He blushed all the way up to his ears.
"Yea... yea, me too. Will you pick the game, though? I'm so damn out of my head, I don't know what to do with myself."
"Ah!" Dean reached back and pushed Cas deeper. He began grinding back and letting out half-moans and half-sobs. "Al... alpha... fingers," another moan, "please."
"Not really. Gotta be a little healthy, though." Dean smiled as he popped a blueberry in his mouth. It made Cas so happy to hear him making longer sentences. It was strange to hear Dean go from perfectly communicating to his short sentences again. Considering everything that happened the night before, Cas considered being able to hear his Mate's voice at all as a miracle.
"C'mere." Dean reached his arms out and Cas fell onto him carefully. He didn't care about the mess that they had made. It was a piece of art, as far as he was concerned.
Dean placed a final kiss to Cas' forehead before retreating back to the living room. He made eye contact with Cas as he dramatically picked up his shirt and put it in the hall hamper. "Happy now?"
“Y-you’re welcome.” Cas sounded off. Dean did not like that. He wrapped his arms a little tighter and kissed Cas’ cheek.
"I don't have evidence that he even understands what we are saying right now. So, I ask again, what the hell is this?
Dean pulled his hand over his face. "You need to check it other than when the almighty sticker tells you to check it. Most of the time it's okay, but with older models like these, they can burn through the shit and they can do it quick. You got a rag or napkin or anything in there? I'll teach you how to check it and see how much it needs."
As Cas was reading the book, Dean tried his absolute hardest to pay attention, but damn! Having a sexy man wrap his arms around you was a definite distraction. Dean tried not to smile when Cas would shift to turn the pages. Whenever he did that, he unintentionally gave Dean a little squeeze. This was what happiness was.
The omega dipped his head below the water and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. "I dunno. Havin' fun." He gave Cas a toothy grin laid his head back on the rim of the tub.
They lazily kissed and touched and whispered soft promises of forever as they came down from their high. Castiel couldn't fathom a time where he had been happier. "Dean, I love you so much. I know we talked about it before, but, you know that I want to wear your bite, too, don't you? I... I can't stand the thought of the world not knowing who I belong to."
