"Exactly. I tried to be logical, it didn't work." Dean stared into the blue of Castiel's gaze, his eyes dark.
Dean touched her lightly on the shoulder. "Sit and eat, sweetheart. You did an amazing job caring for him." He grinned at his husband, getting her to it at the table. "Want me to borrow the highchair back from Sammy and Gabriel?"
"I love you too, Cas. I'm not good at words or emotions, but..." He kissed him softly, then looked into Castiel's cerulean gaze.
"I swear- Gabriel already texted Charlie, okay?" He paused, clearing his throat. "Does that phone do video, Honey? I'll do a video chat. Then you can see our son. I promise he's safe."
"Cas?!" Dean almost shouted, startling Gabriel awake. "Fuck, Cas, are you okay?" His heart was pounding and he felt almost dizzy.
Sam stared at Gabe. Gabe had mentioned that Sam’s treatment of Cas was a turn on... now he knew exactly what Gabe meant.
That made Sam break out in laughter. "It would probably be like trying to drive a roller skate for me."
"I love you, so damn much Sam Winchester. Gabriel kissed him gently, then started rinsing his hair. "The next time my good boy disparages himself, you are getting your ass spanked, and I promise you that you will not enjoy it."
Smiling, Dean laid his hand over Castiel's, lacing their fingers together. He'd never imagined being as happy as he was, and Cas... he was making sure that it lasted.
Cas stroked Dean’s hair. “We can go with them. We could find an angel tree and adopt a few needy children.”
"I believe that. I know that you will, or I wouldn't have offered to give her to you to start with." Gabriel patted Sam's thigh, relaxing in the passenger seat.
Sam took the bandaid and applied it to the spot on Gabe’s arm. “I want to help get Dean settled. Then I want to relax with you for a while.”
Cas sighed contently and played with Dean’s wet hair. “If I could do that, we would never get anything done.”
Sam was nervous, but Gabe’s presence kept him steady. They stopped at the adult store and Sam parked his car. “Okay, here we are.”
Cas grabbed his own plate and sat down. “So we're going to take the kids shopping after breakfast. It seems Ben needs more clothes, as I’m sure Emma and Theo do.”
It wasn't long after lunch that Gabe and Sam came back to the house. Sam burst into the house first, jittery with excitement. "Dean!"
Gabriel nudged him towards their chaise, pushing him back to sit. "Lay down, Sammich. I want to put my mouth on you."
Heading towards the kitchen, Gabriel looked over at the two dogs, who looked quite petulant. Ah, must have been locked out of Castiel and Dean's room while they were getting their baths."You can shower while I heat up dinner. I can jump in after we eat."
Castiel seemed to be a natural, and the feeling of his mouth on Dean's neck had him moaning. His hands tightened on his hips. "Fuck, Cas..."
Gabriel was trembling in Sam's arms, and he slowly forced himself to match his breathing to Sam's. "Sorry... I..."
"And I'll be finishing up with the horses in time for dinner." Dean leaned forward in his chair, cutting into his meal. "If I get done in time, I can help you cook, Cas."
"I have no idea, sweetness, do they have anything on reviews?" Gabriel tilted his head, then hugged Sam tight. "Or just get both."
He placed the phone in her hand. “You won’t be able to play with it much until we get home and you can charge it.”
Gabriel made a mental note to torture his fiance just as much when he had the time. He rocked into his hand, gasping.
"He was in a car accident and received massive head trauma. Adam's... he's brain dead." Dean slipped an arm around Sam, clearing his throat. "He's O-, like your shirt says your brother is."
"I'm wanting to hold the man who spoiled me, maybe give you a massage." Dean pulled him close, smiling as he brushed his hair slowly through his hair.
"I didn't think I was that obvious- and yeah, no... you're right. I'm more of a whiskey man." Dean grabbed a pair of tumblers out of the cupboard. "Charlie insisted on me buying these. Guess I was lucky there."
Gabriel bit his lower lip hard, staring at the image. "Well. Fuck. That's..." His fingers flew over his phone.
"Our little girl will love it." Gabriel smiled at the thought, picturing her. "Wonder what she's going to look like..."
"Mmhm. Perfect." Gabriel kissed Sam's shoulder, relaxing. "I have something romantic planned this evening."
Gabriel settled back, shaking his head. He concentrated on the demons following the omegas so much at times that he never thought about the ones that the other alpha had. Still, Dean-o wasn't a big fan of him sticking his nose in that business anyway.
Charlie’s expression turned serious for a moment. “You just need to be gentle, and sure. He’s been hurt badly.”
Moving, Gabriel laid down next to Sam, pulling him close. "With men, right?" He had to have it with women…
"Tired, Cas?"  Pulling him close, Dean nuzzled against him. He loved that he was covered in the scent of his mate, and his mate had his own scent in many places.
Gabriel turned on the music- softly, he didn't want to wake up their brothers- and started to dance as he baked. It was just what he did, and he was too damn excited for the day not to.
As they headed upstairs, meg kept a hand on his arm. “He’s going to be pretty out of it today. We anticipate he’ll be more lucid in the coming days.”
"She is. But what's our girl doing in her stall?" Dean shot him a grin, getting ready to give Titan a rub down.
"That's my son," Dean told one of the agents firmly, pulling away to go to Elias and Zeppy. "Daddy's here, buddy..." He scooped him into his arms, kissing his hair.
"Seriously." Gabriel shoved a hand through his hair, just remembering the expression on Dean's face when he'd been told that his masterpiece was trash. He'd wanted to punch his brother in the face.
"Which will be great." Dean grinned, nudging Castiel. "You have been practicing when you think I'm out of the house."
“Okay.” He inhaled softly. “I have to get back to Sam. Just...call me when you get to wherever you’re going. Please.”
"Of course, gorgeous." The blond pressed a kiss to Sam's temple before he sat down to his computer again. He was going to spoil the hell out of his man- and he couldn't wait until he found the perfect car.
“Absolutely.” He grinned and nuzzled Zep’s head. “Besides, Gabe says I have plenty of time to conceive.”
Emma had Ben on her hip, trying to calm her own nerves down. She couldn't believe this was happening. At least they weren't being split up... She froze as she saw the two men there.
Dean stepped out of the bathroom, hugging his brother close, then smoothing Zep's hair. "Uncle Dean will play with you tomorrow, Girly. I promise."
Fuck- Gabriel was honestly a bit surprised he'd gotten hard, but he was, already aching. "Fuck, yes- just like that, Sam. Love this so damn much..."
"Love you too, Gabe." He gladly returned his brother's hug. Gabe had never been one to shy away from affection, verbal or physical, and Cas was glad for it.
It took the Professor a moment to realize that Sam wasn't pulling his hand away and was going towards the shop. He stumbled after Sam, catching himself as the younger man reached for the door.
Cas rubbed his eyes and smiled sleepily when Athena came to him. He held his arms out and welcomed her onto the couch with him. “Hi...” then he saw Dean with the puppy and his heart warmed. Suddenly he could imagine Dean holding a little baby.
Fuck. Baking. Cake. Forcing himself to pay attention to what he was doing, Gabriel let himself dance to the music. His hips worked to the beat, almost effortlessly as he combined the ingredients. "Damn right you are, delicious."
Taking a bite as well, Gabriel made a pleased noise, licking his lips after he swallowed. "This is delicious, but honestly, the ganache and mousse are my favorite."
Biting his lower lip, Gabriel took a slow breath as he watched Sam. Did he apologize? He fucking loved it, though…
Giving him a gummy smile in return, Castiel leaned into Dean’s caress. “I like to think that I am perfect for you.”
"Get ready to answer your door. I couldn't cook for you, gorgeous, but I did order you dinner." He'd no sooner finished speaking when there was a knock on Sam's door. "See, Cassie's eating with his Ranch Hand again, and I was thinking that maybe we could eat together?" Hell, that was hokey.
"...Maybe I should write him a letter or something and make it clear." Hell, he didn't even know if that would offend the giant of a man.
"Lollipop." Fuck... Gabriel was damn glad that they'd gotten the roast into the crockpot because he was quick forgetting food.
Bobby rubbed his back gently, holding him close. "I think, Cas... that you should talk to Dean. I'm not going to tell you Dean's secrets because they're not mine to tell, but I think that you've got more in common with him than you might think."
Gabriel sipped his coffee before carefully wrapping his cookie and put it to the side. "Not eating?" He asked Dean.
"Do they have insulin at the fire department? I am overloading on sweetness," Charlie teased, checking her phone. No Phoenix.
Gabriel nodded, smoothing Castiel's hair back from his face. "That's my baby brother, you know?" And he felt better holding him.
"Cas... I'm sorry, please don't cry." Setting down the cat, Dean crossed the room to Castiel's side and hugged him tightly. "I never should have said that."
Blinking, Dean tilted his head as he watched his mate. "Okay. Um... I'll make you whatever you want. Do you think you'll be able to keep it down?"
Dean hugged Castiel close, then guided them into the movie theater. "Damn... these beds are nicer than what I was sleeping on at the apartment."
"Very true. Now let's sleep so you can be awake when she is, okay, gorgeous?" He tugged him gently away from the little bassinet.
It was every bit as nice as the hotel was, and Dean looked around. "I don't think that I have ever seen a house like this."
Gabriel hugged him close, rubbing his brother's back as he watched him with his daughter. He didn't even know what to say- words wouldn't help to soothe that pain. Nothing would.
Gabriel was careful with the blows, though he nearly purred as he looked at the beauty of Sam's body. His lover seemed to love the spanking so damn much, he could see his cock leaking. "Mmm..."
"Sure you don't want a beer, Cas? I mean, since you're staying." Dean told him, getting Castiel the best looking slice from the pan.
Charlie quietly ushered both men to sit down. Then she grabbed a glass of water for her best friend.
"Oh. I'm Dean, I just, I'm a kennel tech. Remy's mine." He turned, hoping to escape the conversation with work.
“I’ll go get one.” Slowly Sam rose from the bed and eased out of the room. He returned shortly with a warm bottle. “Your turn, sweetheart.”
"Good." Slipping a hand into his hair, he pulled his head to the side and nibbled along his neck he was so fucking perfect... the way he was almost begging for his claim, his marks. Dean felt him squirm and sucked hard, teasing with his teeth.
Garth set the beer down, grinning at the couple. They were too damn adorable together. He was going to have to thank Rowena. "Here you guys go."
"Hey, pup..." Dean moved, rubbing his ears gently as he finished changing. He felt fucking terrible for the dog- hell, Anna looked for him all over downstairs, breaking in the house a bunch of times. "How about I make us some steaks tonight, hm? You guys deserve it, hm?"
Chopin just grinned, thrilled to have settled in the middle, at least mostly. Dean couldn't hold a grudge and reached out to scratch along his back. "That hurt, man. No more stomping my dick, okay?"
Gabriel blushed, rubbing the back of his neck. "His name's Sam, and he's in Palo Alto for college. He seems great so far."
Gabriel's eyes widened, and he hugged Sam hard. "Seriously? That's.." his phone at least was a lifeline to his family.
Gabriel waved away his concern. "It's her home, she'll learn. Oh! That's right, the Guinea pigs will be here soon. Meg's picking them up for me." He'd felt terrible, putting off getting them, but Castiel had been exhausted.
Taking another sip of wine, Sam ran his finger over the glass. “I’m sorry for running out that way.”
"Oh, trust me, I'm going to send you daily reminders." Gabriel tilted his head for him, making a soft noise. "What would you think about trying prostate stimulation?"
The sound of skin on skin filled the room and Sam braced himself on Gabe’s chest for a moment. Then he began to ride Gabe faster, his breathing coming harder.
Gabriel's mouth found his again, kissing him as he mirrored Sam's hands stroking his skin. "Mm... you're very good for me, aren't you, Samshine?" His fingers massaged the muscle of the younger man's broad shoulders, then his chest.
Kissing him back, Gabriel made a soft sound. "If you insist, Gorgeous." He hugged him tightly for a moment, enjoying the warm heat.
Shaken, Sam scooped Gabe up and carried him to the bed. “Damn it, angel...” he laid his lover beside Cas very carefully.
"Great..." Sam sat down with him and regarded the older man intently. "If you're even considering this... I want to get to know you much better."
"Garth's right. We're not going to let anything happen to the pups- or to you." Gabriel started the IV, then smiled.
"Fuck... my... Cas, please, I need... I need to..." he whined as he approached that precipice again.
"I want to sue him for breach of contract." Gabriel sipped his drink, waving at Sam when he looked over. "I will not let him just get away with this. Anna, our little cousin and the reason behind Sam's scholarship, messaged me this morning. There was a contract."
"What, my erection? Trust me, gorgeous, it's all yours. I just like a little bit of pain." Gabriel finished adjusting his clothing, then moved to slip his arms around Sam's waist. "I'm yours, and that's it."
"What to hear mine? I've got it memorized," Grinning, Gabriel sat up a little, genuinely thrilled to share it with Sam.  "It's called "Laughter" by Robert Service.  I Laugh at Life: its antics make for me a giddy game,
"The straight?" Dean rolled his eyes before nudging Cas. "That's Ellen. She's... he should have been with her a while ago."
"She's sweet. She likes me, but she loves Castiel, and the cats love him." Dean explained, moving to get himself a beer.
Dean laughed, kissing Castiel's hair. Honestly, he didn't get the chicken and red sauce thing, but he'd eat anything. It just wasn't a favorite- it was Castiel's, though, and clearly, Gabriel was using that to his advantage.
"He also speaks bits of French, because he helped me study the language." Gabriel shrugged, looking at Sam. "We learned Mandarin from our Nanny, Spanish from Rosita the maid, Russian from the Chef…"
Sitting down, Gabriel shot Sam a grin. "Well, you're not wrong, Samshine. You are fucking amazing." And he was going to tell Sam that every day, as often as he could.
“Got it.” Sam fumbled for his boxers and gave them to Gabe. He was relaxed and wonderfully fuzzy as he held Gabe to his chest.
Dean kissed Sam's too long hair, holding him for a long moment. "I'm damn glad you met Gabriel, Sammy."
"I know you will. You take amazing care of me and our pups." Cas took a bite of his sandwich and groaned in pleasure. "Oh, God, it's so good."
"That's what I said. She's perfect." Dean kissed Castiel's hair, smiling down at her. "She looks... I think she has my nose."
She grinned, taking a sip of her drink. "I can't wait to try it. This has already been one of the best things I've ever eaten."
Gabriel blinked a bit at the look on his face. That was a side that he'd never seen of his lover. "Nothing?"
Gabriel bit his lower lip, watching him with their daughter. "She loves you too. Do you want to hold her? I think my cast is bothering her."
More tears rolled down Sam's cheeks. "The impala was found in the woods… few miles from home. The body was found about a mile in. John...he identified...said I didn't need my last memory of you to be... a bloated corpse. Oh, God."
Bobby moved, looking the truck over, then smirked as he saw what was pulled up next to Dean's workshop.
Feeling how close Dean was to finally letting go, Cas nuzzled at his neck before biting into the vulnerable skin.
Sam hugged Gabe again and they walked to the door, easing quietly out of the room. "That was brilliant, what Garth did. Dean wasn't about to leave the hospital."
"Oh, that's a bestseller. We can do that easily enough. Do you want it for all three beds?" She brought up the mattress on her tablet.
"She's running out of space in there, and she is impatient." She grinned looking down at their hands. "We should take a few pictures, so she has them when she's older."
The petals led to their bathroom, and Gabe gently pushed the door open. There were lit candles and more rose petals, as well as two glasses of wine on the counter. The large bathtub was full of steaming
"No." Gabriel swallowed hard, looking up at Sam. "Tell me about the wedding?" Anything to distract himself.
"I've been reading all of the books you brought me, and we finally finished the nursery...but I'm feeling more nervous every day."
"Then we'll make it happen. I'm not above using my name to get my baby what he wants. Anything." Dean kissed his hair softly.
"I called my boss, Rufus... he's family, really, and he's friends with Vic, the chief of police in Kansas City. We're hoping he can stop it, but it's fucking infuriating." Taking a breath, Dean explained about the cop at the ER, and what his asshole bigotry.
“That’s true.” Cas closed his eyes as the water beat down on him. “Did I tell you what Anna would do as a foal?”
"Because your boyfriend is brilliant? It's how I got into baking." Gabriel moved back over to Sam, tracing his fingers along his back.
He was trembling on the brink of an orgasm when the bastard finally pulled back, and he swore only for Sam’s hand to land on his ass again.
"Uh-huh. You gonna help me with that, Sam?" Gabriel smirked, running his fingers down Sam's chest. “You know I will, sir.”
To be fair, Gabriel hadn't mentioned Castiel's anxiety there. "I'm not complaining." He sipped his coffee, then set his stack of menus on Sam's lap.
Sam was visibly upset as Cas nodded. He looked back to Dean. "My brother paid you $20,000, which you never saw because your father stole it, correct?" the Professor asked quietly.
"Is it?" Purring the words, Gabriel licked his lips. "Tell me, Sam, if you want to be my good boy, have you thought about the nipple clamps that I mentioned? Yours are so sensitive."
"Ohh... you're gorgeous- look at those eyes and those cheekbones." Lisa grinned, nudging her towards her chair. "What sort of styles do you like?"
"Love you." Gabriel murmured to him as the hospital staff filled the room, getting ready to move Gabriel into a private room of his own.
Gabriel felt his eyes sting a bit as he helped Castiel balance himself. "I made up the bedroom down here. The en suite is perfect for your shower."
Dean pulled his fingers free, then stroked his cock, smearing it with the lube. "Kiss me, Cas, please. So close..."
"You suppose?" Dean tucked his fingers under the edge of Castiel's shirt, then stroked along the top of his pants.
Gabriel watched him, slipping his arm back around Sam. He was about to tease him when the doctor headed in.
"He does." Sam sniffled and rubbed his eyes. "He wouldn't want me to cry. So I'm not going to. Not now. Right now we're going to get lunch, then we're blowing off our afternoon classes and going for a drive."
Knowing he was going to have to get off the phone, Sam looked across at Charlie, who looked ten kinds of worried. “Okay... Dean, text me what the doctor says. Every detail.”
"Mmm..." Gabriel pressed his face into Sam's chest, panting. Words escaped him, and thank fuck for the counter, cause he sure as hell wasn't helping hold himself up anymore.
Rowena was startled at the knock on her door, looking up from the phone in her hand. "Lucifer, you promised me an out," She growled into the phone, ignoring the door for the moment.
Gabe helped Castiel sit down on the couch with Sam. Sam immediately snuggled into Castiel and looked at the little boy in Cas's arms. "He's so beautiful..."
"....We should go. Let's go to the buffet down the road," Gabriel told his brother and Sam, feeling himself start to sweat- except then the lights lowered and the music started, thick and sexy as a man in a suit came out, a scowl on his face as he worked the knot on his tie loose, then pulled it to hang loose. He moved over to the pole, spinning around on it as his body undulated.
Sam whined and thrust eagerly into Gabe’s hand, desperately needing release. “I need… I need you, Gabe!”
"Mmm... not a bit. It was perfect." Smirking a bit, Dean ran his fingers over Castiel's chest. "My ass feels hot from my spanking."
Dean knocked on Charlie's door, not expecting to have the door swing open. He blinked as he saw Dorothy tossing clothes at a Batgirl underwear-clad Charlie, who, thankfully, also wore a tank top.
Dean stiffened, pausing the TV as it showed the crash. There were no buildings along that section of the track except for a beat-up warehouse that seemed to be half falling in on itself. "Sam. We need to go. Now."
“Dean… I was joking. I wouldn’t dare have alcohol for at least six months.” Really he could live the rest of his life without it.
Dinner was soon finished up, and Emma leaned against Castiel as they paid. Poor Theo was out like a light, exhausted and sleeping in Dean's arms.
The younger man laughed softly. “And it’s only a couple more years. Then I’ll move back here and open my own practice.”
"Why high in protein?" Gabriel flipped through the menus, then held one up. "What about chicken and waffles? This place is pretty delicious. It's a hot sauce and syrup..."
“Good idea.” Cas got up and retrieved the cards, then found two pillows for them to sit on. Setting the pillows down, he began shuffling the cards.
It took almost two hours, but finally, both Athena and her puppy were cleaned and dry. Donna sat on the floor and loved on them while Jody said, “They’re both healthy, but Athena is underweight. I want to recommend some things to get her weight up.”
Pressing his lips to Castiel's hair, Dean smiled. He'd never imagined finding a love like this, it was more than he'd ever dreamed. "I remember the first time your lips met mine
"Well, you know I won't ever let him down- he's... everything, Sammy." Dean hugged his brother, heading towards the Impala.
Dean snorted softly, poking Ash's side. "Not if you want to keep eating my chocolate." He picked up a piece of chocolate-covered fruit, nibbling it. Fuck... that was delicious.
Sam chased after him and they climbed out of the pool. Knowing they would be coming back, Sam just grabbed his boxers.
"Do you fuck against your prostate with it?" Dean licked his lips, letting his fingers drift down to push one deep into his own ass.
"Yes, lover? Need something?" He licked around his finger, pushing his tongue in alongside it. Fuck... Strawberries and Sam...
"I will, gorgeous. Now, help me get clean, please?" His hair suds free, Gabriel reached for the soap to wash his lover.
"It's definitely worth it. You're almost done, remember?" Setting down the cat, Gabriel focused on the conversation. "Talk to me. What's got you so stressed?"
"Sam... I want you to listen to me and stay calm, all right? This is our home. You are my mate, and nothing is going to change that. Not ever. You never have to leave, I always want you with me. Do you understand?" Gabriel took the juice, setting it on the nightstand as Sam finished taking a sip before he took the omega's hand in his own.
Cas looked at his adoring family. "Still a little nervous," he admitted. "But the three of you, and the babies... it's helping the anxiety."
Gabriel, of course, was more than ready to do as Sam suggested, hurrying to carry the things into his room. "Just set it on the bed- we'll get your clothes hung up in the closet and put into the left side of the dresser."
“Charlie found her tied to a tree, and Gabe told her to bring her to us. I think we were going to foster her, but…”
Smiling at the tickle of Sam's breath on his skin, Gabriel reached over to stroke gentle fingers through his hair. He was beautiful. He was here. The blond had never felt more loved than he did right then. Hopefully, Sam meant it about getting married. He mostly remembered that.
Gabriel stroked his fingers through Sam's hair, watching him closely. He wasn't going to be comfortable knotting him again for a while after the nightmare,, but it was all Sam's choice. Sam's pace, not his.  "Besides, this is a damn good movie."
Once they reached the landing, Sam ushered Cas over to a plush couch. Then he set the baby gear nearby and moved to help Gabe.
“Hi, baby. What’s up?” Sam looked refreshed and thrilled to see Gabe. He sat down at his desk with his phone, propping it up so he could see Gabe. Then he opened a bottle of water.
"I promise, Cas. I won't hurt you- and you're on top this first time." Dean kissed him, then slicked his cock. He was nervous, he realized, desperate to make this good for Castiel's first time. He laid back, then pulled Castiel over him.
"Don't you worry, kiddo. You're amazing, hm?" He tickled his side, amused. "You two are perfect for each other."
"You know it." Gabriel tilted his head at Castiel. "So what else did you get Dean for Christmas? I know it wasn't just that." he motioned to the envelope
Gabriel looked amused. "And how is Ms. Harvelle? Still wanting your grumpy ass, as she told us before?"
Thrilled that Castiel was willing to experiment, Dean lifted him up onto the warm metal. "I definitely want to try."
Cas had a whole new appreciation for the bathroom this time as he stepped into it. Dean had built every inch of this.
“They are...” Sam grabbed Gabe’s hand. “I don’t want to leave her sight. She might think I’ve left her.”
"I don't want Castiel for sex... it's more than that, and I don't..." Dean shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck. "I love him."
Well, if that didn't catch his brother's attention, nothing would. Dean looked damn good in his work clothing, with the jeans hugging him and the hat. Gabriel shook his head at his brother. "Take the ibuprofen Dean left you."
Dean waved away his concern, clearly not worried about it. "If you do, I'll just carry you upstairs to bed."
When they finally returned to Crowley's home, Charlie saw Dean waiting at the door for her. She hopped out of the SUV and grabbed her bags. “I’m okay, Dean,” she called out to him.
"Let's get me cleaned up so I can get you fed, Grumpy Cas." Grinning to himself, Dean started to reach for his poof.
"Well... we were going to adopt a dog," Gabriel told Castiel, eyeing his brother. "I think the four of us need to talk about living arrangements."
Fuck. His cock throbbed, and a drop of precome slipped down over Sam's fingers. "Sam, please..." Where the hell had they left the lube?
Dean froze as he looked at him. On one hand, it was fairly awkward... on the other, damn if it didn't work for him because it was Castiel saying it to him. "Mmhm... we could do that."
Now settled in his new room, and pleased to be in Dean’s arms in a more comfortable bed, Cas was relaxed and quietly snuggled against Dean’s chest.
"I won't, baby. I'd never do that. It's not my place to do that." Cupping Sam's face, Gabriel kissed him softly. "I love you. Always. This... You're so strong, baby..."
Oh lord, they were sappy- it was cute and adorable, and someday Dean wanted it, but it was sort of hysterical too.
Sitting down on his side of the bed, Gabriel watched his lover dish out the food. "I am going to be completely spoiled, you realize."
Just those? Dean hurt for him a bit. He wanted to give him the world. "Then we'll get those for you. Anything that you want, I will get for you, Honey."
"Sam, no. You just got back to school. Gabriel doesn't want you to rush out." And he'd be pissed that he called.
"You're so good for me, Samshine. I'm going to stroke your prostate now, since you're my good boy... feel me curl my fingers?" Gabriel's voice was a low growl, and he did the same to himself teasing the gland. "Now fuck my fingers, Sam, stretching you wide? Fuck yours feel good in mine, doing the same thing."
"...Cas, you hired him las-" Gabriel swore as his phone rang. "It's the emergency number- Cas, be nice to Dean." He took off running for his truck, and shortly after, peeled out in a cloud of dust.
When they were finally declared to be married, Sam grabbed Gabe and dipped him before kissing him tenderly.
Pleased, Cas looked at the rings again. “He said he wouldn’t care if it came from a gumball machine.”
"I know, Samshine. We won't, all right?" He leaned up, kissing his cheek. "I know how important it is."
“Mm-hmm.” Cas’s stomach was still fussy and halfway through the burger, he couldn’t take another bite.
"There's nothing for him to do, Samshine." It'd been surprisingly complicated to take care of since for some reason they wanted to make sure of who he was to pay a damn bill. Ridiculous. He took a bite of his steak.
Gabriel looked at his brother as they finished cooking the food for dinner. "Good timing, that just pulled in."
"Don't tell me you're jealous of your horse? Or did you finally get the testicular fortitude to talk to him?" Finished with the dogs, Gabriel stepped out of their way as they dove for their dishes.
Dean blinked his eyes open after what felt like forever, trying to blow Sam's hair out of his nose. It didn't work.
"All I'm saying is, if she paid a liiiittle more attention, she wouldn't have died!" Gabriel told Sam, reaching for more popcorn.
Fuck. Dean's eyes darkened and he pulled him into a passionate kiss. "Get naked, Cas. I want to taste you."
"Could be worse. I took some milder pain medication, and it's helping." Stroking Sam's hair, Gabriel smiled as he held him.
Sam brightened at the mention of his brother. "De is already here. He said he wanted to see someone on campus, but he'll be right back."
Moaning, Gabriel let the sound vibrate along his length. His own cock was throbbing and hard and he gripped Sam's hips a bit harder as he worked his length, taking him all the way in and swallowing around him, letting his throat caress him before he let Sam start moving again.
Pulling back, Gabriel pressed a gentle kiss to Sam's hip, wiping his lube slicked hands on a towel in the hamper. "What's your color, Sam?" He crawled into bed next to him.
"It depends on if Dean won the fight or not. He sets an alarm, Cassie turns it off. They battle about Dean wanting to work." He shook his head with entirely amused at the thought.
Nodding, Cas thanked Garth and the nurses again before he snuggled his baby girl and began walking toward the elevator.
"Waltzed in, hm? I believe I was twerking when you came into the Candy Shop- entirely different genre of dance." Cleaning off his hand on his pants, Gabriel stroked his fingers through Sam's hair. "And I hope that you'll be able to relax when you get back to school. I don't want you to have to work so hard."
"I'm gonna have to work harder on gaining weight, aren't I?" Sam finished his glass of milk and poured another.
Remy was right there, growling as well. Dean cut them off with a chiding command. "Sorry. They're a bit protective of Cas." He didn't mention that they had torn his father apart. Cas didn't know that yet, and... well, he didn't want to go there. Not yet.
The following morning, Dean awoke to the smell of bacon, French toast, and fresh coffee. Gabe and Cas were in the kitchen and speaking softly to each other.
"Thank you, Samshine. I promise, I will sneak veggies into the pasta." The doctor teased him before kissing him again.
"Of course it is. His eyes get a bit squinty when he's blinking on purpose." Dean defended at once, hugging Castiel closer.
Gabriel wasn't sure what that sound was coming from his throat- a whimper or a moan, but fuck- this was too perfect. Sam was hitting him right where he needed, and he grabbed at Sam's shoulders. Their bodies were slapping together, the sound and scent adding to everything.
"I love you too, Samshine." Gabriel leaned into his hand, then sighed. "I should call Cassie. Figure out what's going on here."
Dean’s movements were precise and tantalizing, and Castiel had never had someone take care of him this way. He couldn’t hold on for long. His fingers slid through Dean’s hair and his hips stuttered. “I can’t...” He panted. “I can’t last...”
"Dude, you realize you can take a compliment- right?" Gabriel tilted his head at him. "I've seen you do that a bunch. Defer, distract..."
Tugging lightly at Sam's hair, Gabriel angled his head, kissing him a bit deeper. He was so damn perfect... and he tasted like the sweet wine they were drinking.
"Nope, no more questions." Holding up his hands as if begging them to stop, Gabriel decided to skip the drink. He'd get one at work. "It's later than I thought, I should head out. You two crazy kids have fun and play safe."
“I will...” Cas scooted over, wanting to curl up with his husband. He had placed Jack’s baby monitor on the coffee table and they could see the baby was still sleeping soundly.
“Good. Now I get to really pamper my good Angel.” Smiling, Sam chased the pout from Gabriel’s lips with a kiss. “I love you.”
"Rem... sh... it's time to sleep." The Marine scratched at his dog, trying to keep that fuzzy haze of sleep.
"Cas, you don't look sick." Shaking his head, Dean pulled out his phone again and held up the picture to Castiel. "You look happy, if a bit, "What the hell are these knuckleheads getting up to now?" in a fond way."
Dean smiled against his lips. "Hello, gorgeous." He pulled back to reveal Theo and Jack. "Don't they look handsome?"
Gabriel smirked as he looked over his shoulder at him. He had to trust Cas to be able to do that on his own. "That's what had his arms around you last night, isn't it?"
The younger man trembled but didn't fight when Gabe pressed the stethoscope to his chest. His breathing rattled deep in his chest and he coughed when trying to take a deep breath.
Dean tugged at Castiel's hand, grinning as he opened the door. "Your gift is in here too. They're a bit heavy for under the tree…"
Cas had to take a deep breath and force his dick not to become hard. But god, he was imagining filthy things.
Sam shook her paw and scratched her head. “You would cause us all kinds of sleepless nights, wouldn’t you?” he teased her.
"That I did." Leaning back, Gabriel grabbed a pillow before putting it under his hips. "This angle will help- good for you, baby?"
“That’s a fantastic idea!” Castiel was thrilled that she seemed so happy. He knew it was a big decision.
"I see just fine," Gabriel turned towards Sam, slowly looking up his body before shooting him a wink.
“Mm-hmm.” Ellen squeezed his hand tightly. “I really can’t wait to see them. I’m sure Sam has grown insanely tall.”
"So you're going to abandon Gabriel?" Growling, Ketch pushed him back. "You're less of a man than I thought you were, Winchester. Mick and I will handle your father. Wait forty-eight hours." He turned, leaving the porch.
"But I am older-" Gabriel swore softly, nipping at Sam's mouth. "What do we win?" He managed, using Sam's precome to slick the slide of his hand.
Having Michael and Lucifer over for dinner had seemed like an easy, simple idea to start with- right up until it actually happened. Now the four of them were staring at each other silently over their steaks in the hotel room. And there was no retreating.
"We should just go back to the room, Samshine. That way we can tell them why we're going to celebrate." Gabriel slipped a hand into Sam's, his eyes dark.
Grabbing the bag, Dean swore as he realized that it was. "Kittens? Fucking kittens? What the hell kind of monster..." He pulled it close to his chest, then got back in the car. "Castiel, someone left kittens."
Hugging Sam just as tightly back, he pressed his face into his brother's shoulder. "I love him, Sammy. So damn much..."
Somehow, Dean wasn't convinced. Yeah, Castiel had said some... things that had him thinking thoughts that a friend shouldn't be, but it wasn't changing. He wasn't going to push him. "Garth, he told me he wasn't interested in... that. So it's not..."
Any relief that Dean had felt about the fact that Castiel was showing symptoms of pregnancy died as he watched his mate lay against him. Hell, he had just thought that morning sickness was normal. This... was far fucking from it, and guilt ate at him. "I'm sorry, Cas..."
Dean shrugged, laughing softly. "Troubled... that's a light word for it." He shook his head, pressing his face into his neck.
"No kitty, bud. Daddy is right." Dean kissed Elias hair with a grin. "Want some Cracker Jack's, buddy? I just found a box."
That soft smile made his heart skip a beat, and he traced a finger along Sam's jaw before he leaned forward, gently pressing his mouth to his mate's.
“I know Dean would love to see him.” Cas helped his brother finish setting out the snacks and drinks.
Finally somewhat comfortable, Cas relaxed his body and turned his sleepy gaze toward the documentary.
"He wouldn't be interested to start with," Gabriel huffed, reaching for more pie. Partially because of this Greek god-like man wasn't going to be interested in the king of Dad Bods, as Zach had called him. Still.... what would a little flirting hurt? Especially the way he was carrying that box...
Fuck- Dean broke the kiss, panting as he looked at the younger man. "Cas..." He licked his lips, glancing over to see if their brothers had noticed. Oh. Apparently, they had. Fuck it. He pulled Castiel into another kiss, shoving the blankets off of his legs.
"Fuck... so beautiful. All hard and leaking for me already. I bet that you would come it I sucked you, wouldn't you?" Dean smirked, standing to strip himself off.
"You, wet and slippery in the shower? Count me in." Dean nuzzled along Castiel's jaw only for the kitten to pounce him.
"You gave me that envelope, though... or was that just for getting the workshop upgraded and stuff?" Dean bit his lower lip at the look in his eyes. That shouldn't be a turn on, should it?
Dean cut off a piece of his pie, glancing over at Castiel as he raised it to his mouth. Maybe he was a bit crazy for wanting to jump into this with both feet, but... he'd had sex. He didn't need it if Castiel couldn't give it, even as good as it could be.
Nodding, Dean looked at his little brother. He didn't move far from Castiel, though. "We need to get a room ready for her."
Hell... Dean was nervous for the both of them as he reached down, guiding the head of his cock against Castiel's entrance only for him to arch his back like that and take him inside. "I... I'll stop if you want me to before I knot, Cas. I promise."
"All my kisses are yours, Cas. Any time you want, all right?" Dean let himself stroke the hair at the nape of Castiel's neck, watching him closely. "You're so beautiful, Cas. Every part of you. I'm so glad that you're my husband... that I'm yours."
For most of his life, he had been in and out of hospitals. Some of his earliest memories involved the sterile white walls and the overwhelming scent of antiseptic soaps. He couldn’t remember a point of his life when he had actually been healthy. Now he was twenty-three, and instead of graduation and planning a family, he was wishing for his stupid faulty heart to just stop beating.
"You know that I will." Dean paused, pushing a hand through his hair, then rubbing the back of his neck. "I don't know how much longer I can make it work."
Theo's eyes went wide, and he ran in. "Dude! Emmie, it's awesome! I wanna stay here!" He grinned at the bed, climbing on.
Nodding, Sam let go of Gabe. He finished stripping and turned the shower on. “I’ve masturbated in here while thinking about you.”
Gabriel grinned, checking each of the angels. "This is pretty damn awesome. Whatever these kids want, we're doing it."
Gabriel managed not to fall over while undressing- barely. "And I masturbated this morning in there when I was in the shower."
"Ugh- that is the last thing that I ever want to think about." Gabriel made a horrified look. "Me, naked, with you..."
Wrapping his legs tight around Sam's waist, Gabriel growled, kissing him deeply. "So fucking hot, Sam..."
Raising a brow, Lisa offered him a smile. "Dean, I thought that you were still paying for Sam's schooling? You never wanted to shop, ever."
"Samshine, whatever you want. We'll work it out." Checking the bake, Gabriel moved to sip his coffee.
The younger man let out a relaxed breath. “Some are cliché. Like, I’m in a library when you come up behind me. You pull me to a quiet corner and push me against a wall.”
"Samshine... you need to eat. You promised me at lunch." Sitting up a bit, Gabriel looked down at his boyfriend. "Remember?"
Michael snorted, looking over at his brother. "You forgot that car of his. It's as nice as Gabriel's is."
Gabriel felt himself tensing. What the fuck was with *that*? "I think it's time for you to leave, Zach. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out."
He didn’t remember dozing off, but suddenly Dean’s phone was ringing loudly. He raised his head, hoping it was Charlie.
"I will... and the moment that you say stop, I will. I promise on Sammy's soul- and that might sound stupid but..." Most of the time, he valued Sam more than he did himself.
As Dean had suspected, Gabe was not chased out after ten minutes as Dean had been. No, he was allowed to stay at Sam’s side, holding his hand and speaking softly to him.
"Cas..." Dean nipped at his ear lobe, his voice a growl. "You're going to bring our brothers running, and no offense, but they're not included in this little scenario. Stop worrying about your big, strong, firefighter boyfriend and start feeling." He rolled his hips, teasing them both as he teased Castiel's throat with his mouth.
"Eh. I was hallucinating at one point anyway. I'm still not sure I didn't finally snap and..." He shook his head, pressing his face into Sam.
"Do you want me to show you how to make love to me?" Dean's voice was low as he spoke, his green eyes darkening. He didn't use terms like make love, but with Cas... it felt right.
"I'm glad that you enjoyed it." Dean handed him a box containing another slice of the chocolate cherry pie before putting his leather jacket back on.
Nodding, Cas kissed Dean once more. “You’re gorgeous and you’ll be fine,” he rumbled before stepping back.
Dean gently made him look at him. "Cas... I definitely want to try a relationship with you. We will talk and we'll work this out, all right?"
“Of course.” Charlie hurried after them, into the department store. “Let’s look at some scrubs for the clinic, too.”
“Good job, Jackie.” Cas could not have been more proud of his son, and all the progress he’d made in the last two years.
Dean saw it as Gabriel heard it. Elias was choking. He moved, suddenly there next to his son and holding him face down over his forearm before delivering five blows between his shoulders. The chicken flew out, and Dean pulled him up into his arms, shaking.
"And I love making you feel good too. I wanted to suck you the other day when you were stroking me off and I did you." Dean stood, kissing him, gently pulling him into his arms. "I want you to come on my tongue."
“Yep.” They talked for a little longer before Dean had to go, and when the call ended Sam felt a little twist of sadness. He almost wished he hadn’t gone so far for school, but he and Dean knew it was best for him. It didn’t stop him from missing his brother. And Adam...
Feeling Dean come was enough to send Cas over the edge. He cried out and bit down on Dean’s neck, letting himself come inside of his husband.
Dean was definitely going to remember that in the future. He was far too amused. "We'll see what we can do, baby, but no one can get pregnant sitting here. Only women can."
Gabriel's eyes darkened, and he smiled slowly. "Tonight. I'm wanting to make Dean dinner since he goes back to work tomorrow, and after they head to bed, we'll go swimming."
"I think we're good- Jack'll ride with me. Cas can ride the extra four-wheeler that we brought up," Dean told him, standing. "You ready to go?" He reached to help Castiel up, then Jack.
"You already do, Cas." He gently stroked his fingers over his face. "And I really like the idea of you coming to visit me with food."
Gabriel returned the kiss before heading towards the door. "Mind-boggling as that is, you're stuck with me, because I'm head over heels for you."
Thrilled, Cas slapped his ass again. His own cock was aching, but he ignored it for the moment, much more fascinated by the way Dean’s ass bounced a bit for each time his hand landed.
“Charlie, you’re okay,” Sam managed, holding the phone to his ear while he whipped out his own phone and frantically texted Crowley. “I promise, you’re okay.”
“Looks like.” Sam sat down beside Castiel and propped his legs up. Then he laid the kitten on his chest, snuggling her there.
Dean's heart clenched at the sight of his brother. Maybe Missouri could help. Maybe it was possible that she was real...
Gabriel stirred slowly, yawning a bit. He opened his eyes, blinking as he saw his boyfriend staring down at him. "Sammich?"
“Me too. I want to be good for you.” He kissed Gabe’s forehead. “Green. And I’d like you to put your hand in my pajamas.” It didn’t sound too sexy to him, but it was a start.
"Good. I won't." Dean made a purring sound, unable to resist teasing his pert nipple with his mouth to see his reaction.
He'd never forget the blood-covered dogs still tugging on John Winchester's corpse as the cops and ambulance got there. He'd taken so much from them all and yet...
"And I'll be good for you." Gabriel hugged him close, cupping his ass. "My poor Sam is so much taller than I am. We don't line up quite right, but damn if I don't love it."
Pleased, Sam grabbed a cup and opened the refrigerator. He settled on apple juice and poured the glass half full.
"Sam, it's all about you. If you don't want it, then it's not happening. If you don't like it, we stop... but I'm going to do my damnedest to make sure that you love it." Gabriel kissed him, stroking his fingers along Sam's jaw.
"I'm okay. I promise." His fingers lightly stroked the back of Dean's neck. "Let's watch your show. Maybe I'll be able to go back to sleep."
"Well, buddy, looks we're waiting on you." Dean shook his head, looking at Elias. "I am sorry, man. I didn't…"
He was going to… fuck, Sam didn’t even know. Gabriel’d brought him to the edge again, then again- the taller man was nearly in tears as he writhed, begging for the evil bastard to let him come. He bit his lip, feeling an incredibly strong orgasm building in him again, and he expected the chocolatier to pull away again but this time… no. He just swallowed his cock down to the base and growled as Sam’s hips involuntarily bucked up into his mouth as he came- it was completely beyond him especially as he tugged at his balls lightly.
Pulling Sam's shirt up, Gabriel broke the kiss so that he could pull it free, then worked his own off before kissing Sam again, pushing him back on the bed so that he could crawl over him.
“He hit me, once. I left.” Cas's voice was oddly even. “But he found me a few weeks later. Took two days for Gabe to find me and by then...”
Making a pleased sound, Dean carefully lapped up the mess that he'd made, tasting the precome leaking from the head of him. "Mmm... delicious. I will have to suck you off in the locker room at work."
Tears rolled down Sam’s cheeks and he listened for a minute longer until he handed the stethoscope to Dean.
"Good." Dean kissed him once more before tucking a couple hundred into the tip bucket, then grabbing the bag of food. "See you two later."
"But you think that I would slum it with just anyone?" Gabriel raised a brow, his thin lips twisted. "Or does my boy think that he isn't worthy?"
"At this point... fuck. I know that Cas cleaned out the fridge. He is neater than I am." Gabriel sighed, rolling to his feet. "I will get the delivery menus."
"I just met you in November, and I... I can't either. I can't think of my life without you in it." The thought alone was enough to see the knife coming at Castiel again- him dying, him being angry at Dean... him leaving. He swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing.
Cas stopped in the living room. “Dean and I are going on a little trip,” he told their family. “We’ll be back tomorrow evening.”
"Or... if you trust me... I wouldn't mind sharing a bed." Gabriel told him, pushing his hair back as he watched Sam. "Hell, that's too soon. I'll take the air mattress." The Professor turned away from Sam's bed, trying to ignore the flush he felt on his cheeks. The last thing that he wanted to do was to push Sam away.
"Who the hell-" Bobby froze as he saw a large bow on the front of a truck sporting the new Winchester & Singer Automotive logo.
"Good. When you put mine on me, I won't either, Honey." He kissed his hair again, hugging him close.
Hell. Gabriel felt himself crying, and there was nothing that he could do about it. Somehow, he knew that these two men didn't cry easy and tended to hold onto the pain.
She sat down outside of the shower, giving Sam a doubtful look. That was wet. Why would she get in that?
"I know you do, baby." Tugging his fiance to a stop, Gabriel pulled him into a kiss. "Love you too."
Already Cas was making a mental list of everything the boy might need. “For now, I think we need to clean Jack up and let him rest. He’s exhausted.”
"Good boy." Gabriel kissed him, cupping his massive cock through his pants. "You want to come again?" He groaned as he stroked Sam through his pants, thumbing the head of his cock.
"But..." he stared at him, biting his lower lip as he watched him."If you're sure..." How was he supposed to argue when Castiel cocked that eyebrow up like that and looked at them.
"So Gabriel..." Dean glanced up at the movie, seeing the credits starting to roll. "Cas was talking about these protein shakes that you make... I was wondering if the fire department could see about buying some-"
"I will be, I promise, kiddo. I'm actually a vet, did you know that? It's part of the reason we've got so many animals." He shot her a smile, moving to get food for the baby.
"Good, Cas... I'm going to make you come, and then I'm going to put you back together... and take you apart again." Dean slipped two fingers inside of Castiel, letting him ride them as he stroked his cock.
Shaking his head, Gabriel finished heating up their food before carrying it into the living room. He handed Sam's to him, then curled up next to Castiel's feet with his.
“Gross, dude.” Sam got up and stretched. “I’m gonna get in the kitchen. Meg says we can try to give Cas something if it’s finely blended and we’re very careful.”
"Cas, please... I need your fingers inside of me-" Dean cut himself off, his hand pulling his hair as he rolled his hips.
Sam shifted in his sleep and sling his leg over Gabriel’s. His impressive morning wood pressed insistently against Gabe’s.
Sam’s eyes rolled back in his head and he grabbed at the silk sheets that adorned Gabe’s bed. “Oh… oh fuck...”
Gabriel'd gone on to be a doctor. He'd moved out of the area, but hell, weren't they all gone? They hadn't been able to stay in Lawrence. Not after...
Dean smiled, stroking his fingers through Castiel's hair. He couldn't believe how damn happy he was, despite being in a plane- he was going home with his family, and he had his Castiel. Now he just had to get through the upcoming concert.
"Bed or couch? I demand cuddling after being fucked like that." Gabriel smirked, tugging his clothing back on.
Gabriel snapped a picture of Dean and Castiel, then shook his head. "Just please use lots of lube and take it slow."
Gabriel couldn't stop himself from stealing a kiss from his mate. "You and our girl are the reason I breathe."
Hell, he'd damn near killed himself, but he couldn't do it to Sammy. His green eyes stung, and he had to break eye contact with Castiel. He was too ashamed.
Dean grinned, kissing his hair. "Then let's try this. It looks delicious." He took the plate and fork Gabriel handed him, digging in. It was like biting into a memory, of a time before all of... everything.
Two days later, Castiel and his two sons were discharged from the hospital. Sam and Gabe were there to help their brothers but Castiel was quiet and withdrawn.
Gabriel thrust up, digging his heels into the bed as he took him hard and fast. His hand flew over Sam's cock, and he growled as he bit his lower lip. He was going to send Sam flying before he came.
Alarms were blaring, and Dean was quickly shoved to the back of the room by the rush of nurses and doctor's rushing in to tend him. He wanted to say something but found himself lost for words.
Anticipation made Gabriel's abs tighten before he made himself relax. Sam did, after all, have large fingers. "Gonna suck you so good, can't wait to swallow you."
"You're a bit ridiculously sized, but I like it." Gabriel shot him a grin, starting the car before pulling out of his spot.
Their dinner was delivered moments later, and Gabriel was a bit happy about the interruption. It took his mind off his cock. "Let me know what you think of it- I really hope that you enjoy it. Save room for dessert, though- they're the best part."
Dean raised a brow as he turned off the lights, making the dogs move so that he could get into bed, much to their displeasure."Brat dogs..." he murmured affectionately.
Freezing, Gabriel looked up at his boyfriend, who couldn't stop staring at Dean. "I thought that you said your brother was dead."
"...Fine." Dean told him, blinking at the shorter man who somehow seemed to take up more space than needed. He headed back for the living room.
"This is awesome- thank you all." Pushing his hair back, Dean told himself that he wasn't even slightly teary as he watched their girl.
"This is definitely how I plan on treating you. I love you, Sam." Gabriel stroked Sam's cheek, then kissed him lingeringly.
"Well, I couldn't exactly do my usual routine, so I hit the gym." Gabriel leaned up, kissing Sam's jaw.
"You're welcome, sweetness. There are the waffles and chicken, and these." Gabriel opened up a frittata, taking a bite.
Remy wagged his tail happily as he enjoyed the scratches. Then he nuzzled into Cas and closed his eyes.
"Meg... is Cas still on the top of the list? Is he- are you telling me, that..." Fuck. Was he crying? He didn't care. He shoved his hair back, forcing himself to take a breath. His little brother could have a heart.
"Do you want to cuddle up and watch a movie, Cas?" Dean held him close, stroking his fingers gently over Castiel's shoulders.
"I'm just waiting for you to try the Nutella on the waffle and the fruit." Dean sipped his coffee as he watched him. "Nutella improves everything."
"Come on, kiddo. Dean is pulling some strings with those pretty boy lashes of his- there's a bed. On, I'm checking you out until the babies get here." He tried to say, but the nurse cut him off.
"It really is. They're going to auction him off every year just for that, married or not." Laughing, the blond looked over towards his brothers. "Let's go thank them."
"Me too. We're damn lucky to have our family." Dean ate another bite of melon before offering Castiel a bite of banana.
"Sorry, Sam. I just... I want you to be happy." And Jess... well, she hadn't approved of her. There was just something about her that made her not like the blonde. She sighed, then carefully hugged him with one arm. "I love you, Sam."
Dean sat up, his eyes heavy. "...Cas?" It took him a moment to shake it off, then he growled as he sat up, assessing the situation. He looked over at his mate, who was understandably upset- then Sam, then... Gabriel, who was barely breathing. The smaller alpha hadn't needed as much to put him out, and it looked like he'd been overdosed with the tranq. "Call Garth, Sam. Now. Tell him what happened.  I'm going to get our pups." He kissed Castiel hard. "Okay?"
"That's always a good sign. Where does he work now? I have to get my car a tune up." Gabriel smirked a bit. It would be a good thing to question the elder Winchester's intentions, anyway.
"Eh, it might be out of my range." He laughed softly, shaking his head. "I mean, is there a required reading that I should do to be able to follow along better?"
Biting Castiel's shoulder, Dean sucked up a livid mark onto his skin as the sound of his hand on Castiel's ass filled the shower.
"No, love, but you're my gentle giant. I don't want you to feel bad about handing that piece of shit," Gabriel told him firmly. "I'd kiss you so hard right now if something hadn't died in my mouth."
Sam melted into Gabe and nodded. “We want something very small. Just the three of you is all we really need.”
Dean ran into the yard, "Cas, they babies are in the car. Come on. Garth, you too. We'll follow the ambulance."
"You're such a good boy, you know that?" Gabriel kissed his jaw, laughing as he cuddled into him for a moment before he turned to grab the wet wipes. "Here we go, baby. Let's get cleaned up so that we can go downstairs."
Staring at him, Dean gave a small nod before he hugged him again. "I think you're the best person I could have thought of for his heart."
Gabriel blinked, mouthed, "Good luck," to Dean and headed out the door. He couldn't deal with the awkwardness. His brother had used air quotes.
"We'll have to pick a little outfit for her to wear tomorrow after we get it cleaned up." Gabriel moved around Sam, trying to take some of the bags from him.
Cas shook his head, his smile fading. “I explained to Dean why I’m reluctant to date. He is very understanding and would like us to be friends.”
Sam looked grossed out. “I could have done without that.” He reached out and scratched the back of Gabe’s neck lightly.
"...You're in for it now. He'll do it again when Gabriel gets here." Shaking his head, Dean checked through the fridge, getting out things for burgers for lunch.
Dean slipped off his own coat before he moved back over to Castiel's side. "And he said that you'd do better if you tried talking more instead of relying on something that freaked him out." He hadn't understood their connection, and it amused Dean a bit.
"True,"  He definitely could understand that. He knew Cas well enough, though,, to know that he wasn't just jumping on the first pretty thing that he saw because he could. He hoped. "I didn't..." How did he say this without spilling everything? Carefully. "With raising Sammy, I didn't have a lot of time, so I just er... it didn't seem a huge deal to me, and then relationships... I was with Lisa, Cassie, but…"
Fuck- the pre-come coated his tongue, and Gabriel moaned at the taste, letting the sound roll over the turgid cock in his mouth.
"You're safe, I promise." Tucking Sam's face against his chest, Gabriel smiled. "Let's get some rest, Sammy. I mean, we can sleep in as much as possible, but it's been... I haven't slept much, and I know you need sleep."
So the good news is that this fic is now complete- I'm going to work on busting my bum to get it up, as I can with my beta. Thank you all so much for your patience. Obsessedwithstabler and I really love everything about you all!
"He really is." All right, that wasn't supposed to be cute, Cas loving on his boy. "Want something to drink before we go into the living room?"
"I meant as a person, does he love sweets, caffeine addict, sports? Is he into art or more of a reader?"
“I’m sorry,” Cas whispered again. “You won’t be left alone with your brothers. You’re all safe here.” And very much wanted. “We all care about the three of you.”
The shaky tone had Gabriel hugging him again. "Of course, Samshine. We'll find a damn good one, okay?"
Gabriel moved to kiss his husband. "We need to have a baby shower, get a nursery set up, pick a name-"
“That’s fantastic!” Cas quickly wrote Dean a check for $800, knowing that was far more than what the belt cost.
"Yup, your Daddy loves his car. He's going to need to get a bunch more cars so when he dies, you each can have one." Gabriel told Alexander.
"Mine'll go last, all right, Jack?" Bobby sent him a wink, watching as the boys started to open up different gifts- tons of outfits, adorable little frilly socks, and hats... Charlie got them a stroller that seemed to have a carrier and car seat on it as well.
The two omegas Gabriel didn’t know the names of quickly finished their food and disappeared back into their room. Castiel and Sam stayed at the table and ate several slices of bread after their soup.
Pushing Sam back onto the bed, Gabriel kissed him as he straddled his hips. "You are so fucking perfect for me..."
"Of course. What kind? I don't know what all they have here, but I can send a guard for something..." Dean offered, wanting to spoil him.
Pulling him closer, Gabriel cupped his face, his other hand stroking his body. "Mm... you need me? As much as I need you?" He nipped at his jaw, making a pleased sound as he cupped Sam's ass and pulled him against him.
Obediently Sam covered his fingers in the lube. Then he reached down and slowly stroked Gabe’s opening. “Like this...?”
"Yeah, I will probably just sleep too." Carding his fingers through Castiel's hair, Dean had to chuckle a little as Remy squirmed closer.
"Great, actually. Meg said something about him being a bit better." Dean hadn't listened, going outside to check on the horses. "Dean was..."
"That's so cute." Emma bit her lip. Theo had always wanted a pet, but she'd barely been able to take care of them.
"That sounds good to me," Dean told him, shaking his head with a laugh. "Honestly, what's wrong with pie for dinner?"
Gabriel's lips stretched around Sam's cock as he swallowed him down, a low moan vibrating along him. His own cock throbbed, reminding him that he'd been ignoring it- and fuck, if he touched himself now, it'd be over. Instead, he distracted himself with teasing Sam's balls.
Gabriel nipped at his jaw before he sat up. "Logic, if you insist. I suppose that we could do that." He began to pack up their picnic.
Fuck- Gabriel bit his lower lip hard, unable to help the cries of pleasure escaping his lips. Sam knew exactly what he was doing to him. His perfect student.
Just as he was getting comfortable, Sam slipped into the bathroom and knelt down beside the tub. "Hello, angel."
They watched the trio walk away before Cas looked at Emma. “Alright, sweetheart. Let’s get started.”
"Mmhm..." Relaxing as he held his mate, Gabriel closed his eyes. It didn't take long for him to follow Sam to sleep.
"And there are a few hidden cameras watching us tonight. I wanted to make some memories when we make love. Would you like to play more?" Gabriel slid a leather ring up Sam's chest.
Swearing softly, Gabriel nipped at Sam's throat, starting to move. "Mmm... oh. We seem to be in the wrong position."
It took the moment for Dean to realize what he was meant to do. "Kiddo, it's all right for adults to some times, but... Ben is adorable, he's cuddly, and he's happy."
"You know that I do." Stroking Castiel's hair, Dean's eyes searched the intense blue of the younger man's.
"Believe it. You'll hear back about two weeks after you've submitted it." Because if he instantly just announced that Sam'd gotten it, it'd be a bit obvious that he'd been the one behind it. "Good luck, not that you're going to need it."
The plane evened out and Dean held him close. "Love you, Cas. So damn much. We're in the air. We're okay."
“That’s okay, sweetheart. Just relax.” Then Sam took him into his mouth, easily swallowing him down to the root.
Winking at Sam, Gabriel set an alarm on his phone. "I'm ready when you are, gorgeous." He stepped towards the door that led to the pool.
Smiling against his lips, Dean smoothed his hands down Castiel's back. "So you think I'm beautiful, hm?"
He was tense for a moment before settling into Dean's arms. "I don't like her," he whispered. "I don't like what she did to you."
"Don't forget, you are a friend of the family, man. We will expect you to visit from time to time." Dean patted his back with a smirk.
"What's that?" Reaching the house, he headed inside with Remy at his heel. He could get the food started, at least.
"It's not the logic part that hurts, though." Just like it wasn't logical to worry about his moose of a kid brother defending Gabriel when Gabriel was already hurt. It'd been a mugging.
"Morning, Doc. Uh... you think I could give Remy a bath today?" He hadn't had one in years, and when Dean'd thought about a shower, he figured Remy deserved one too.
"Toasted." Popping toast down for the both of them, Gabriel grabbed out the miracle whip, then moved to heat up some of the turkey as well.
"Something sweet? You know me well enough." He pressed his face into Sam's shoulder, sighing softly.
The doctor knocked on the door, pausing as she saw all of the men on the bed with him. "I... you know what? Just be careful of the cords. Mr. Novak, you have a concussion, you're dehydrated, so we'll help that with the IV. We're going to keep you for a few days to observe, and help you hydrate."
"Cas, you're the one that decides what's okay and what's not, got it?" Licking his lips, Dean cleared his throat a little. His voice was low and wrecked.
"That was my plan," Gabriel told him with a grin, nudging Castiel's sandwich towards him while reaching for his own.
“Jesus...” Cas’s hands were bloody but finally, he found a pair of handcuff keys. “Dean, I’ve got them!”
"Then remember that. I'm not going to mind, ever." He gently stroked his thumb along Castiel's stubbled cheek.
"It's cold out here, Sam. If they're done, we should go in." The shorter man fought a shiver as the wind gusted.
"He's good. He wants to see the sun properly." Dean kissed Castiel's hair. "I promised I'd get him out in it today."
"Don't be ridiculous." Gabriel was quiet for a moment. "I hope Pamela can help Cassie." She was the therapist hired.
“Instead of throwing you a housewarming party, everyone donated cash so you can pick whatever you want.”
Whining at the loss of his alpha's cock, Sam quickly moved until he was bent over the bed. He wiggled his ass invitingly. "Fuck me."
"Remember we promised cake and pie? It's really good." Dean hated that hungry look in the boy's eyes. He'd seen it in his own as a boy and it was hauntingly close to home.
"Sammy?" Dean answered as quickly as he could. Thankfully Cowley had pre-programmed the new numbers in the new phone.
Spreading his legs eagerly, Gabriel looked at Sam. "I'm yours to do what you want with, gorgeous..."
The younger man eagerly obliged, one hand on Gabe’s hip and the other on the wall for leverage. “Gabe!”
Dean's lips parted as he stared at him, his green eyes darkening. "Good?" He managed to say after a moment.
Dean looked over at him, tilting his head a little as his green gaze met Castiel's. "You would?" Was out of his lips before he could stop them, and he couldn't resist giving him a slow smile.
"Well, after you get cleared in a bit, I'll have to give you a bunch of paddles and what not." A smirk crossed his lips as he watched Dean-o blush.
"I fucking loved it." Reaching up. Dean gently stroked his fingers along the hickey that he'd left on Castiel before. "It says I'm yours."
"Sweetness..." Gabriel's lashes drifted shut and he leaned into the taller man. "I'm gonna let you do that for hours."
Smiling, Dean pulled back to stroke his fingers along his jaw, letting them calm for a moment. He didn't want to rush when he had to go to work.
Meg shrugged a little, watching him. "You can change that, though. That being said, I will kill you and no one will know that it's not an accident, gorgeous." She winked, then grinned as there was a knock on the door. "Can you get that, Mikey?"
"So she needs a home. Come on, get dressed, love, and we'll make sure we've got the stuff ready so I can look the pup over." He leaned up, kissing his jaw.
"Well, if you come up with anything, let me know." Dean kissed him, then started to condition Castiel's hair.
"Benjamin Gabriel and Alexander Samuel?" He suggested, moving to get Castiel's slippers off. "Or do you like Alexander Gabriel and Benjamin Samuel?"
Scooting Castiel back onto the bed more, Dean got him under the covers before he moved to strip off. He crawled into bed, snuggling up against his man. "Love you, Cas."
The younger man's cheeks heated and he ducked his head a bit. "Oh. Er..." He blinked at Remy as the dog moved to see what he could con out of Castiel to eat.
"He's going to get spoiled, you realize that, right?" Shaking his head, Dean got into the car and buckled in. "So you're kidnapping me shopping?"
"Want to fuck my mouth, Samshine?" Gabriel asked, stroking him with his hand as he moved to nibble along the V of Sam's hips.
Crying out as they shifted closer, and his cock slid through Sam's hand just so, Gabriel struggled not to lose it right there. "Always, Sam, please-" Hadn't he been the one going to control this?
Dean tickled him, grinning as he giggled. "You need to eat cake. I planned on challenging you to video games."
"Hey, baby." He smiled at him over his shoulder. "How you doing?" He hadn't exactly gotten far away, so hopefully, Castiel wouldn't mind.
Fuck. Dean's green eyes darkened and he shifted in his seat. Son of a bitch, he hadn't expected that moan, but he should have.
Cas was more reluctant about leaving the house, but Gabe quickly realized Sam could be easily soothed and distracted while outside, so he encouraged Sam's little excursions with himself or Dean.
An hour later, Meg came back to Cas’s room. Castiel was sleeping but she motioned for Gabe to come to her.
Tugging Sam into the kitchen, Gabriel moved to disinfect the table again. "What about a nice salad? I will throw some meat on there, cheese, all sorts of veggies..."
Pulling Castiel's hand to his cock, Dean waited until he started stroking him to wrap his hand around the other man. He mimicked the rhythm Cas set, moaning.
Grumbling, Dean allowed Castiel to tug him up. "Night, Sammy, night, Gabe..." He slipped his arms around his boyfriend's waist, heading towards their room.
"It's our money. I would give every cent of it away for you." Dean stroked his cheek softly. "I love you."
"Good job- You got another?" The blond's arm around Sam's waist was strong and steady. Maybe not proper, but considering he'd licked Sam's ass, he figured they were past that. Well, and the whole engagement thing...
Sam eventually managed to get Gabe over to the bed, and they continued to kiss as they sat on the mattress.
"Decadent... I make a tiramisu french toast casserole. Sound good?" He offered, starting the coffee.
Finally, Jody ended the call. Seeing Dean, she sat down beside him. “Dean... we might have something.”
Gabriel's back arched as his orgasm ripped through him. Thick, milky ropes of come coated his abs as his ass gripped Sam's fingers. "Sam!"
Glancing to make sure they were still alone, Cas began to explain as simply as he could. “Gabriel is gay. He has been for as long as I can remember. Sam identifies as demisexual, which means he needs to be deeply attracted to someone before he can date them. I suppose I fall into that category as well. Dean prefers bisexual since he is attracted to those of the same gender as himself and other genders. As he put it he’s about the person, not the parts.”
“I think we know the only way you can get over this boy is to get rid of this tattoo. Then I’ll pay him a visit.”
Dorothy glanced over at her, tilting her head a little at her."Are you all right with that? I know there's a lot of stress with..." Everything.
Gabriel's hand tangled into Sam's hair, and he slid his tongue along the bigger man's, sucking at the muscle. He was erect, and if people looked- fuck, he didn't care. There were lots of other places for their eyes to go.
Biting his lower lip, Gabriel looked at his boyfriend. "Sam, love, if... I understand if you want to go. I do, and please, she's you're daughter, tell me, I just..."
"Don't you be sorry for it- she made that choice, not you." Gabriel gently stroked Sam's hair, the silky strands slipping through his fingers.
"Well, don't worry about that. You can stay here. Or we'll just pay for your apartment." Gabriel assured her.
“My poor girl...” Sam gently moved away from Gabe and held his hand out to Gracie. “Come here, sweetness.”
Charlie looked heartbroken by Sam’s behavior. “Sam, it’s okay. I’ll order all of your clothes and have them brought here. You don’t have to go out until you’re ready.”
Dean kissed him, then buried his face into Castiel's neck for a moment. "I'm going to get something that I want you to have. It's a present, okay?"
"You serious? Some people like pie that aren't you, Winchester." She smirked, messing up his hair. "You boys ready to eat?" She looked over at the older Novaks.
"Well... sure." The thought of cooking with the other man was somehow intimate, but he grinned anyway. "Let's go see what we have to work with."
Cas took the book, letting out a sigh. “I’m sorry, Gabe. I’m just tired.” It seemed like he lived his life in a constant state of tired. How did it feel to wake up and not immediately want to go back to sleep?
Dean sipped his beer looking around the kitchen. "I was just thinking that I like your house. It looks like a real home."
“Oh.” Cas didn’t seem nearly as impressed. He took Dean’s hand and led him out of the spacious bathroom.
"We haven't seen you in forever." Lisa glanced at Castiel, then back at Dean, dismissing the other man.
"I love that I can do that to you." Dipping his finger into his ice cream, Gabriel trailed it along Sam's throat, pushing his clean hand into Sam's hair. He tugged his hair, tilting his head so that he could lick that spot clean as well. "It's very good ice cream."
Castiel was more relaxed than he could ever remember being. That, combined with Dean’s gentle hand rubbing his back, had him falling asleep within moments.
By the time Gabe was taken care of, it was nearly dawn. He made his way back to their room and found both Sam and Isabelle sleeping peacefully.
"You know, sweetheart, I can't nurse you as nice as my chest is. Daddy's working on your bottle, and it'll be ready soon." Gabriel smiled down at her, smoothing her hair.
Cupping Sam's face, the older man stroked his thumb over his cheek. "Good. I will have an excuse to have you hold me."
"Mm... I love you too, baby. I'm also going to ride that thick cock of yours." He nipped at Sam's swollen nipple, sucking hard.
“I’ll be so good for you.” Sam took himself in one hand and lightly pressed the tip of his cock against Gabe’s rim.
A chuckle rumbled through Sam’s chest as he took the rest of Gabe’s length into his mouth with ease.
"Love you, Sam, so fucking much." He stroked Sam's cock, keeping time with their thrusts. "Feel so damn good, so fucking hot..."
“A perfect gentleman. He was so sweet… and it was ruined.” Castiel scowled a bit at the memory of the bare brush of Dean’s lips against his. He could have had so much more, then Charlie...
Gabriel scrubbed a hand over his face. He had a few choices, here but it wasn't going to work. They'd all be on watch. "Well..." He grabbed the box from the Cracker Jacks, holding it up to Sam. There was a quip about the prize inside being bigger than usual- and on the inside of the lid, it read, "I'm sweet and nutty, just like the treat that you love. I love you, Sam- say yes to your prize?"
Just letting himself snuggle Castiel close, Dean rubbed his back. "I don't even care if it's because your big toe itches- I'll be right there to do it for you."
"Well, Dean used to work in a pizzeria. He's really good at it, actually." Bobby told him, following Dean into the kitchen. "I've got pictures."
He felt himself smile, even if he didn't do it consciously. She was beautiful, with her hair flowing in waves around her face. "Ellen! I can't believe that you're here!"
Jody was in the living room when Dean found her. Her computer was open and she was speaking animatedly on the phone. “Look, I know it’s been three days. Do I sound like I give a shit? Gabriel Novak is one of ours and we are going to find him.”
Sebastian smirked, looking at Castiel. "I like you. And yes, Dean, Castiel's correct. I was going for relaxed and laughing. You have a tendency to stiffen up."
"What did you say yesterday about someone not leaving you alone? You sounded annoyed, and we didn't get to talk about it." Hobbling into the bathroom, Gabriel mostly shut the door before taking care of what he needed to do. His ribs were killing him where the assailant had- had he kicked him? It was kind of a blur.
"Mmm... You want me to finger you, Cas? Or you can ride me." Dean sucked at the head of his cock again, teasing him with his tongue.
"Honey, I already did." Dean grinned, snuggling Castiel close. He'd had that melody in his head almost immediately after he'd held Jack and just... known...
"Oh. Well, let's get dinner done. And I may not be a nurse, but I am a trained Fireman with paramedic training." Dean shot him a grin, squeezing Castiel's hand again before he finally let go. "We're having a picnic, apparently- Sammy said something about Gabriel falling up the stairs? He wasn't really clear on it."
Gabriel bounced ahead of Sam onto the sang, laughing as Dean chased Castiel through the surf. "Then I wanna swim with you, gorgeous. I want to see you frolicking in the waves."
"Shh, baby. I have all the time in the world to convince you, hm?" He kissed him, stroking Sam's hair.
"Of course I do, Dean..." Cas reached out and grasped the front of Dean's pants. "I always want you."
"Probably. Don't worry, we'll get your stamina up soon." Patting his shoulder, Dean paused, not knowing which way Castiel would be leading them out of the house. There were liable to be multiple exits, and Dean was suddenly realizing that he should have figured out the layout when he arrived, for at least as long as they were there in case of an emergency.
Gabriel parked the car and turned it off- barely- before he was reaching to hold his fiance. He swore at his seat belt, scrambling to undo the damn thing.
"Well... people in vegetative states don't respond to light or sound like this," Gabriel insisted, slipping his hand into Castiel's. "He's got to be waking up."
"That's probably a good idea." Looking the racks of clothing over, Dean mentally calculated his money. Shit. That was going to go far too quickly, especially buying shit for the cabin.
“Gabe... that’s so good...” he lazily thrust his hips and moved his lips from Gabe’s, following down his neck. “Mm.”
The four men settled in, watching the movie on the big screen. After a few minutes, he jumped as his phone went off. "Oh!" He answered it with a grin as he saw Charlie's name. "Heya, Charlie."
Cas turned his head and kissed Dean’s hair. “I know it’s stunning,” he rumbled, setting his book aside.
Dean cleared his throat, then began to sing the song that he sang him with the other students. He’d written it just for Castiel.
Reaching behind himself, Gabriel started to work himself open with a moan. "Oh, fuck- this is going to feel so good, Sam. Can't wait to feel you."
"That sounds ideal." Cas got out of the Impala and shut the door behind himself. Then he followed Dean into the Opus.
Sam was the next to wake up when James whimpered two hours later. He sleepily leaned over and gathered his baby up. “Shh...”
Scout barked and wagged her tail furiously, dancing from foot to foot. Her little body was vibrating and she was clearly excited.
Pointing his fork at Sam, Gabriel nudged him with his shoulder. "I don't care if I'm paying. What's mine is yours, kiddo, and you'd better get used to it. I'm yours." That smile though...
The thought amazed Sam. “At the dorm, you’re lucky to get ten minutes. Even then someone comes in and bugs you.”
"Uh-huh. And I beat you to it. How was everything today? Cole still pissed at Dean?" Gabriel flipped the steaks.
"Cas, help me sit up? Please? That's awesome. Bacon makes everything better." Dean reached for his mate, working on sitting up.
Letting out a husky laugh, Dean bit his lower lip and nodded. His hand moved to grip his cock, stroking it in time with his fingers. Should he get such a thrill being good for Castiel? Fuck knew he would do whatever he asked. "Cas, fuck- that feels so good. I love how it feels to finger my ass."
"That is freaking awesome." Licking the whipped cream from his lips, Dean watched the older man for a moment. "So is there anything that you want to have included in the holidays?"
"Really? I will have to get Remy some. He deserves to be spoiled. He did a good job today." Dean finished his sundae and set the cup to the side.
“Yes, you’re right.” Cas gave the puppy to Sebastian and went back to Dean. “I’m actually very thirsty.”
"Sam- not now." Gabriel hated- fucking hated saying the words. "Later ye-" He swore as a deer ran in front of him, but didn't swerve- this was a steep hill, and fuck, he didn't want to find out what was on the other edge of the guardrail. He braked, holding the vehicle steady. The mud, however, had other ideas, and they slid, and Gabriel guided the car towards the trees on the other side and prayed as the car tried to spin- then the car stopped, his door about a foot from the very unimpressed deer.
Sam busted his ass on the rewrite of his paper. Two days later, on Friday morning, he walked into class looking a little nervous. “Professor Novak?”
"Well, you go ahead and grab whatever you think will look stunning on me." A mischievous light entered his eyes. "I see something that would look stunning on me."
"Can you set up coffee with Gabriel? Well, I will have cocoa or something." She explained, grinning a bit.
"You need to eat your breakfast, okay? Daddy's got to finish making breakfast for Uncle Cassie and Uncle Dean-o and some for Elias too."  He kissed her hair, holding her close. She had his heart in her tiny hands.
"Are you going to be okay with his job? It's very dangerous." He gently rubbed his back, kissing his hair.
Nodding, Sam picked up his fork and knife and cut a little piece of his steak. Then he bit into it. His eyes closed and he let the flavors burst onto his tongue.
"Oh, fuck, Samshine. That feels amazing..." Gabriel bit his lower lip, watching as Sam's tongue moved over him.
"You did, Sammy. He's back, and he's going to be all right. We all are." Rubbing his brother's back, Dean rocked him a little. He couldn't fucking imagine what it was like. Sammy'd been through hell, finding the blood, then...
Dean rubbed his back softly, pressing his face into his hair. "So our brothers are head over heels for each other."
"We'll be there ASAP." Thank fuck Gabriel still had his Camaro, tucked safely in the garage, since Mick hadn't dropped off his truck yet. Hanging up, Gabriel hit a few buttons on his keys, turning on the lights to the garage and opening the big door. "Get in, Cassie, and you'd better buckle up."
Dean brushed his lips over Castiel's hair. "Let's get you some wheels, okay?" They headed into the hospital.
"Remy helps me with my anxiety. He just seems to know what to do. He's not trained or anything," Dean told him quietly, watching as the blond seemed to breathe a little easier.
That startled Cas and he let go of Dean’s dick, looking up at the younger man with wide eyes. “You would?”
Pulling him close, Dean stole a kiss from him. "I love you, gorgeous. Let's go and then I'll make something easy for dinner. I can take a look at his truck, too. See if I can undo any damage done."
“You do a great one.” Sam always made a point to tell the hands the great jobs they were doing. “Babe, I’m gonna go take our girls outside,” he called out to Gabe.
“Good pet.” He set the syringe aside and covered Gabe with a warm blanket. “I’ll bring you some dinner soon.”
Bobby raised a brow as he looked between Sam and Dean, his gaze settling on his eldest boy. "You invited... Professors to Christmas?"
Laughing, Gabriel pressed his face into Sam's neck, inhaling his scent.  "Mmhm. That's about it. I'm just going to inhale your scent, despite the fact that I'm glad for my brother."
Staring at the assortment, Dean laughed and grabbed a few of each. "Yes!" Fuck, he could eat as much pie as he wants after he cooked a decent meal. "Hey, Doc, we should get some stuff for Remy."
Sam finished his ice cream first and he placed his dirty dishes in the sink. Then he went back to look at the kittens.
"Sam, I'm going to undo your pants, okay? We'll remove them, and then I'm going to start the exam." Taking a breath, Gabriel forced himself to do so, terrified of what he might find.
Gabriel blinked, watching him closely or a moment before he stepped back. "This was the last exam, actually. I just need to get the exams packed up so that I can grade them when I'm eating massive amounts of Christmas cookies."
Toward the end of his pregnancy, with the temperatures soaring, Sam decided he wanted to go out for ice cream. Gabe wasn't hard to persuade and Sam's favorite little ice cream shop was just a ten drive from their home. So they went and Sam couldn't contain his ecstatic moan as he took the first little bite of peanut butter fudge ice cream.
Hell, there was chocolate-covered fruit, candies- expensive shit, hand made chocolates... it must have been hundreds of dollars. He blinked as he pulled out the check, his jaw literally dropping as he saw that it was for a hundred thousand dollars. He went back to the card, staring as he saw the postscript that said the man was sorry as he'd learned that Adam's mother had passed as well.
"Well... I want to give a home to kids that need one, that need a family. I didn't really think numbers..." Gabriel squeezed his hand, smiling. "My suite is this way." He headed through the kitchen to the left.
Gabriel grinned, handing Sam a towel. "Aren't you smart? Want to help me, and then we'll do meds too?"
"You want my hand on your cock, while I fuck my cock against you, Sam?" A sheen of sweat broke out across Gabriel's shoulders as he rutted against Sam, gripping his hips.
"Don't take it personally- he woke up with me twice, shhing the twins. I'm sensing an early N-A-P." Dean told his brother.
"Good boy. Now... You're going to get on your hands and knees in the middle of the bed, Ass up, and then I am going to lick your delicious ass open." He wondered how far Sam would get in the book before he was too distracted.
Fuck, was it wrong to love the feeling of Cas looking at him like that? Pushing the thought away, Dean reached over to the shelf and grabbed the lube before handing it to the Professor.
"...Novak bitch face." Raising a brow, Michael looked at Lucifer, who had often told him that he had one.
"Awful concerned with my ass there, Cas." The green-eyed man huffed a bit at the idea of being given a sponge bath. Still, his eyes found Sam's. "I'm okay, Sammy. I promise. This isn't even that worst thing that's happened."
Sam grabbed the chair, protectively patting Cas's shoulder. Then he pushed his friend out of the room.
“Alright.” He took Jack to the kitchen and helped him sit on one of the bar stools. One of the servers had thoughtfully started bringing food inside and Cas made Jack a plate.
She whined at him for a moment before she sniffed at the tips of Castiel's fingers, then licked at them shyly.
"It's not gonna get better for a while. Theo's only just stopped having accidents this last year." She definitely blamed how unsettled their lives were.
"You, my love... are silly." He teased, kissing him softly. "You're the incredible one. You should know that."
Dean nodded, smiling a bit. "He seems to love Sammy already." Not that he blamed the vet- his kid brother was a man that he was proud of.
"Hush, Cassie. You and Dean don't worry about a thing. That's what Sam and I get to do as awesome uncles."
Gabriel leaned into Sam, trying to catch his breath. It felt like it had been knocked out of him. "Hey, Cassie. Meg said we're supposed to talk to you... but you look pretty comfortable."
"Gabe, you can go. I won't leave him." Dean promised him, stroking his thumb lightly over Castiel's hand.
“Mr. Novak!” The man shouted, eagerly trying to get closer. “Can you tell me how you managed to escape your captors?”
Tensing for a moment, Dean finally relaxed in his arms, the lump in his throat growing as his eyes burned. He didn't even know what to say.
“Yes, I’m aware.” He picked out a Blu ray player for her. “Let’s get you some movies and headphones.”
Cas looked at his big brother. "Your home smells...empty," he said quietly. "Charlie's not your mate…"
went through-" Dean broke off, trying to calm down. He was pale, sweating as he looked at his brother, anxiety filling him. John could kill everyone.
Moving up onto the bed with Sam, Gabriel wrapped his arms around him. "So good and perfect for me, my good boy. So sweet..."
"Come on, Sammy. Let's go into the living room. You don't have to let me go for long, but I can't carry you. You're a bit on the large side." He smiled at him, rubbing his back gently. "Okay?"
Brushing his lips over Sam's temple, the doctor held him close. "Not amazing, just a damn good doctor with a good blood type. Now I need you and Cas to go scrub down the kitchen table- disinfectant is under the sink."
"It means it's infected- the antibiotics that I gave are a great start... but I need to open it back up and debride the wound." Gabriel looked at Dean. "I don't suppose any of you know your blood type? I'm O+ which screws me out of universal donor by an Rh factor."
"...What does- does she live around here?" Charlie whacked him, then held up her phone for him to see.
"Well... I can't complain about that. Sam's the smartest person that I know." Biting his lower lip, Dean smiled after a moment, slowly pulling the full lip free. Hell, he'd given him shit about it on homework when he'd known Sam was just getting it done versus putting in his A game.
"Cas, I just... want to make sure that you're good, okay?" Gabriel cleared his throat, looking at him. "That being said, if you want to try with Dean for a pup..."
"Sam, please..." He whined, grinding back against him, biting his lower lip. He could feel Sam's erection through their clothing and hated every layer.
Immediately Sam missed Gabe and he pulled his phone out, looking at his lock screen. It was a great shot of him and Gabe hugging and Gabe was looking up at him like he had hung the moon. He smiled tearfully.
"Good. We'll leave you a key." Deal pulled his keys from his pocket and started working the key free.
Suddenly feeling as though he was intruding on a very private moment, Sam stood up and walked over to the closest window. There was life in Dean’s eyes again. Maybe this would be enough to convince Dean to stop drinking.
Back in Gabe’s room, Sam was trying to make Gabe comfortable. “Dean, I hate to say this, but maybe you two should come back later.”
"Is my mouth adorable?" Relaxing in Sam's arms, Gabriel grinned up at him. Oh, he was in trouble. No matter what happened, Sam would be there for James... and Gabriel would always love him.
They threw the stick for Athena a few times on the way, which at least appeased the dog. Reaching the door, Dean opened it for Castiel. "I need a shower, love. I've got river and mud all over me."
"Pair that with dessert and it sounds perfect." He placed the call, ordering the same for them both, then dessert as well.
Gabriel grinned, snapping a picture of the pair of them. "All right, all right. You're adorable. Now... shall we work on the flowers?"
"Love you too, Meggy." Gabriel forced himself to breathe, trying to remember the names that Kali'd been talking about. How could that asshole do this? What if- No. He had a daughter now. He'd worry about it later.
Sam grabbed Gabe’s arm. “Let’s go in the backyard. I’ll show you the hammock and we can stay out of Dean’s hair while he cooks.”
"I... I kind of told you earlier. I was a whore at fifteen." Dean snorted softly, shaking his head at the memory. "I mean, you saw what I was just doing... I've had... I've got baggage too, and I've never sat down to even try to unpack it because it'd be like the baggage claim at JFK... but just so you know, I want your baggage, as your friend, as whatever. I want to be there for you if it's the Alien ripping from the guy's chest, or if you're just... remembering things and need someone to be there for you."
"Dean's a guy, Cas. He's not going to expect the same stuff Mely was." He grinned at the thought, stepping back from Sam to rub his hands together. "This'll be great."
Giving his brother a small smile, Sam thought of Gabriel’s determination to have it all be perfect. “I don’t even know yet. He’s really wanting to do most of it.”
"Of course." Grabbing Castiel's wallet, Dean grabbed enough money for the tip before he answered the door only for his eyes to go wide at the sight of his father. "...Dad!"
Amused, Dean set a plate of food in front of Castiel along with a drink. "Rem, looks like you've got a fan club."
Dean blushed a little. He could run into burning buildings just fine. He knew the risks, what to do in different situations, and how to fight fire. Planes... there wasn't a damn thing you could do if there was a problem.
of that. I mean, you guys are still healing. A rut would be awful." Dean sipped his coffee. How would he even know that Castiel really wanted it and didn't feel like he had to do it?
Turning, Dean stole a small kiss from him, their lips brushing together. "I can't believe how happy you make me. I feel like I wasn't even alive before now before I broke into the house and then... there you were, and Sammy... and now we have a family."  He pressed his forehead against the shorter man's.
Gabriel entered Sam's room, setting the drinks on the dresser before he pulled his shirt off. He folded it and set it on the bed before he grabbed his bag. He dug out a pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt, then headed towards Sam's bathroom. "I'll be right back."
"Balthazar insisted on the chocolate cake as well," She told them with a smile before leaving them to eat.
"He's just fine." Moving over to the bed, Gabriel held the boy up for his brother to see."He's perfectly healthy and pissed to be out in the cold."
The onesie read, with a soft little skirt. Gabriel blinked, reading it a few times as he tried to make sense of why James was wearing that. Sam'd put- he'd insisted... Gabriel slowly looked at Sam. "Samshine? Are you...?"
Gabriel looked at Sam as he left, frowning as he saw Alex's eyes dip down to Sam's ass. "You saw that, right?" He asked his brother as the door shut.
Stilling, Gabriel looked up at him, his amber eyes bright. "Sam..." Was he just saying that? No, his Sam wouldn't. He was too caring for that.
Oh fuck, that wicked little grin did things to him..."Whatever you want to know. Let me make sure there's lube in the nightstand-"
"So what sort of dog do you like?" Thankfully, it didn't take them long to finish getting ready and heading for the door.
"Good." Gabriel spanked him, then looked at their hosts and friends, "Thank you for everything, you're lovely- please eat, drink, fuck, and be merry!"
Something sweet teased Dean's nose as he nuzzled his mate's neck, and he made a pleased noise, pulling him closer. "Mmm..." He blinked open his eyes, his brow furrowing a bit as he realized that the scent wasn't something delicious cooking- honey buns? But it was coming from Castiel himself. There was something deeper there, and when it clicked, Dean sat up, giving a shout. His mate was pregnant! "Cas!"
Pressing a kiss to Castiel's jaw, Dean wrapped his arms around him. "Seriously, this whole thing was kick ass." It honestly blew his mind a bit. He'd never thought they'd donate that much!
Gabriel's eyes darkened at the thought, and before he could stop himself, he purred, "Betting my ass now, are we?"
Sighing, Gabriel considered what to say as he took a bite of his meal. "I met Kali in my first year of med school. She has been my on-again, off-again girlfriend for years, but we're much better off as friends than lovers. She's now happily married to the love of her life. I was her Man of Honor. They've been trying a few years to get pregnant, and it wasn't working. Turns out, he's sterile- her hubby- and so they asked me if I'd mind." He shrugged a little. "I didn't have Cas, I'm single as hell right now, I haven't even slept with anyone in a year. I want kids, but that isn't happening, and... well, I figured being Uncle Gabriel sounded pretty damn cool."
Plating them, Gabriel turned towards the table. He set them down by their chairs, then started to take off his apron. "Eat up, gorgeous."
"Well, I'm more than willing to feed you whenever you want."  the chocolatier sent him a grin, hiding the pain without even thinking about it.
Crunching on a piece of bacon as Gabriel served them all, Dean pointed to her. "I told you, that was a one-time thing."
"How am I looking at you?" Grinning at the laugh, Gabriel tilted his head a bit. Had he been happier? Ever? Naked in his library, surrounded by flowers with Sam in his arms- and Castiel safe and happy.
When he reached the kitchen, he found the three men already seated with their plates. There was a fourth plate next to Cas's and Cas smiled invitingly. “Hi...”
The drive home was quick and easy with Gabriel only reaching over and groping his thigh a little. "Mmm... that went well."
He grabbed Gabe and held him close, then pushed inside of him. He let out a deep groan as he fit so perfectly inside of him.
"Sammich, I'm starving. No more distracting me with dressing you in whatever I want." Gabriel winked up at his boyfriend, heading towards the food court.
"God, Cas... that's..." Dean laughed a little as he came out of the bathroom. "That's so fucking awesome." Moving over to his side, he kissed him.
He snorted softly, shaking his head as he looked at the professor, trying not to check him out. "Any chance that I can get you to not mention this to the other Professor Novak?"
Finally, Dean stood to rinse off the omega. "Here, love- time for your hair." He took the shower head down, gently rinsing him off.
Gabriel held him close, starting to follow the nurse down the hall. "I know, love. You'll have her in your arms again soon."
Biting her lip, Meg debated with herself before hitting send on a video to Sam. All right, so she was a terrible person, but she did her best for her friends. Her family. Sam's phone dinged as he received a video of Michael's broken-hearted confession about his father. It was tagged, asking Sam to watch
Stepping up behind Sam, Alex shook his head with a grin. "She's a beautiful girl. Did you name her? I know that Dean named his after that Hindenburg thing."
"Dinner, hm? I'd like that. When are you thinking?" He didn't want to assume that Sam meant tonight, though he was hopeful. Besides... he was going to behave.
Smiling, Dean leaned forward, stealing a kiss from him. "My mate... my perfect omega." Trailing his hands over Castiel's chest, he made a pleased noise as he let his fingers find his nipples.
"He's an idiot. We're rich. We don't need this." Gabriel sighed and made the choice to roll it over to Anna's Grace.
Gabriel gave him a small smile, tugging Sam down for a gentle kiss. "Why do you think I got the tattoo, Samshine? I love you. That's not going to change."
Rufus poked his head out of his office. "The mom of that little boy just called. He's going to be kept overnight for observation, but he's going to be all right. She wants me to thank you, Dean, for risking your life for him."
Cas stopped at the top of the stairs. “You...you kept touching me,” he breathed. “I had to… had to slap your hand away… all through the movie.”
"Oh hell." Now he was definitely blushing as mortification rolled through him. "No, they didn't. Look, I'm sorry." His brother was going to be mortified.
Gabriel relaxed against Sam, smiling. "Hell no, she wouldn't. She's strangely possessive. That's why she should get with Balty, to distract her."
Charlie nodded and set about changing James’ wet diaper. “It’s probably a good time for them to take a little nap.”
Gabriel patted Castiel's back, then looked at Sam. "Ready?" He wasn't going to get involved with discussions about money and Castiel. He knew that his brother would get his way.
They worked hard, daily, and Castiel was always telling him that they didn't need to rush. Hell. If he could work on table manners so he didn't mortify him, he could deal with working harder.
"My mom died when I was a baby. I never knew her. And her death...it screwed up my dad, to say the least." He let out a bitter chuckle. "I told you Dean raised me. My earliest memories are of Dean making me dinner, Dean putting me to bed, and Dean waking me up."
"James too, of course. Uh, especially a baby named Jack. He's an orphan..." Dean told him quietly after a moment.
Gabriel looked up from where he was sitting at his desk, tossing his glasses onto the desk. A lock of hair fell into his face, and he brushed it away only for it to fall back as he looked up at Sam. "Sam- don't you think at this point we can call each other by our first names?" Hell. He could hear Castiel in his mind, screaming at him. Danger- too close, fraternizing!
Gabriel's lips twisted sardonically. "Because a woman normally isn't taller than me built like that."
Dean gasped as his cock slid against Castiel's, rocking himself closer. "You feel so damn good, Cas. Do you know that?"
"Drink please, Zach?" Gabriel was thirsty. Incredibly so, and he leaned against Zachariah a little as he stared at the orange juice on the tray. "And if that pleases you."
Gabriel kissed him back, growling as he felt his knot slide into place, rutting his hips up into his mate. He couldn't help it, he moved to kiss Sam's neck, his teeth finding the place that his bite would go.
Nodding soothingly, Cas squeezed him again before returning to Dean's arms. "Dean is doing the same for me."
"Damn right, baby." The pair finished eating, and Gabriel cleared off the bed before he moved to get the cream. "Onto your belly, love."
The younger man rolled his eyes but smiled anyway, holding his family, his whole world, in his arms.
Dean stood with his mate's help, slipping his arm around Cas's shoulders. "Maybe it's an excuse to have you snuggle me, mate." He winced as the feeling of the stitches pulling.
"I think you're going to make my legs shake showing me," Dean told him, stroking his fingers through his hair.
Dean covered his hand with his own, feeling wetness on his cheeks. "Hey, baby. I wish that you could see Anna and Jezebel. They're getting fat."
"Yeah, yeah..." Dean stole a hug from the other man, sneaking money into his pocket with deft fingers that he didn't even feel.
Biting his lower lip, Gabriel stared into the kaleidoscope of Sam's gaze. His hair was starting to curl around his face, the sweat on his brow accenting it as their bodies smacked together.
Dean nodded, sighing as he kicked off his boots. "Want me to keep carrying you, Cas, or do you want me to just help you?"
Gabriel huffed, pouting a little, "What am I, chopped liver?" Well, he wouldn't care much, just so long
Zep seemed to hesitate before she finally got the idea and latched on. Once she was suckling, she relaxed.
Grunting, Gabriel let himself fall into the wet spot. He couldn't be bothered to care. "Mmhm... so good."
Meg took the food, helping to set it up when she got a page. Swearing, she headed out of the room in a rush.
"I have a feeling that you're going to get me dirty, then get me clean again." Getting into the bedroom, Dean stripped off his 'Firefighters handle their hose best' shirt and tossed it in the hamper before reaching for Castiel's clothing.
The older man sank into his pillows, breathing hard. "I'm sorry," he managed. "I thought I could last..."
Crooning the words, Dean allowed himself a little freedom with the melody, dialing it back a bit from the record version. Mostly, he just wanted it to be soothing.
As his body calmed down, Cas collapsed into Dean’s arms and nuzzled his neck. It felt like coming home again, holding Dean like this.
"Oh. Er. It's no big deal." Dean cleared his throat and rubbed the back of his neck. He didn't know what to make of Castiel and the way he watched him sometimes.
"I feel the same, Sweet. Your arms feel right around me." Gabriel kissed his jaw, then offered him a small smile. "What time is good for you, Sam?"
"Let me know if the fire department can do anything. We love helping charities and people in our community." Dean smoothed Castiel's hair gently as he spoke.
"I promise, you're going to love it. If not, I know nothing about you." He squeezed Sam's hand back, wiggling in his saddle a bit.
"I'm never stopping, Cas. Not ever." He gently worked his fingers over Castiel's back, rubbing the aloe in.
"Mm?" Purring the soft sound, Gabriel nuzzled along his stomach, letting his tongue traced the line, then nuzzling Sam's cock.
“Okay. Hold on, angel.” Sam jumped off of the bed and locked his door. Then he returned to Gabriel. “Pants, off,” he commanded.
He nodded again and removed his shirt, handing it to Sam. Sam took it and buried his face in the soft material. Then Cas eased out of his pajama bottoms. He felt exposed but it was nothing he wasn't used to.
Feeling his breath catch, Gabriel cupped Sam's face, gently encouraging him to meet his eyes. "It's okay, Sam. You can talk to me and tell me anything."  The fear from transporting him to his house was still in his nose, and Gabriel wanted to protect him and to make him feel better. He gently smoothed his hair, free of its mats down. It was a little longer than Cas's, but Sam seemed to like it that way. He glanced up, feeling Charlie watching him only to blush. Shit. He'd been grooming him.
Jody nodded, turning to speak with one of her deputies quickly. For the first time tonight, she thought that they had a lead on where Gabriel might be.
"I'm glad, Sam." Gabriel nodded at him. "Definitely have your brother come, then." There. It wasn't that hard to behave. Besides, a sweet little thing like Sam? He wasn't going to be interested in his professor.
"Okay..." Breathing deeply, Sam took Gabe's hand and guided it downward. "I want to start with one finger..."
Dean handed the stuffed animal over to Castiel, neatly tucked down in the bag. "Sure thing, Sammy. What's up?"
"Mm." And Gabriel loved Sam's. If Sam thought that he was sexy, that was all he needed. He shoved Kali's words back.
Sam came up behind him, kissing his neck. “She just texted me. She’s tired and would rather stay at home, if we don’t mind.”
Emma swallowed hard, thinking about how the angel had held her when she cried. It'd been the last time he'd crawled into her bed...
Cas had no patience this time around. He stroked Dean faster and faster, practically wrenching the orgasm from him.
"You really are a great big brother," Sam murmured as he perused the selection of movies he spotted.
“Color?” Seeing Dean’s hand in his own hair, Castiel froze. He ran a soothing hand over his lover’s side.
“On the contrary. I hired you believing you had very little experience. I am merely adjusting that.”
"Of course I did, Cassie. It was your favorite." Gabriel swallowed hard, looking at Sam before looking back at his brother. "Can I help you up?"
Jack was already starting to doze by the time that Castiel had finally gotten him clean. He leaned into the man, his breathing starting to even out.
"I think that they're both asleep." Gabriel laughed softly, then looked over at Bobby. "He's sound asleep too. We could go get the presents in…"
Emma looked at the small bag and gave him a look. "I can carry stuff, Cas. Seriously." She was used to handling things for both boys, the boys, and whatever they picked up.
“He is. He’s the best man I could have hoped for.” Sam looked down at his precious daughter. “I… I love him, Dean.”
Remy gave her a look, then looked at Dean, who laughed a little. "Yeah, you're a big, scary doggo, I know, Sarge. Don't you worry." Ruffling his ears, Dean climbed out of the car, letting the dog out.
"When you see my home, you'll understand. I have very specific routines and things I do, often without thinking about it. It is quite frustrating."
"Of course, Alfie." Dean slid the boy the treat. "Make him do a trick, though. Can't have him getting fat."
Cas shrugged and sipped his drink. “I just don’t want you to miss out on anything else because of me.”
Eagerly gobbling up the chicken, Remy licked at Castiel's fingers, his big brown eyes shining up at him.
Gabriel finally relaxed as his brother fell asleep, going limp in his arms. "Dean? It's all right. It's not your fault."
"Well, you eat, then we'll see what happens." If Castiel was up with it. He wasn't going to push it.
"Go ahead and open it, Samshine." Honestly, he'd had to pay Meg to sneak them in while he was with Sam in the kitchen, but Sam had several surprises in the box, neatly wrapped.
"She definitely is. We'll have to come up with a name for her." The Marine jumped at another bolt of lightning.
"I can promise you, it's not half as much as you amaze me. It's not possible." Kissing him, Dean gently tugging his shirt up.
"Like what? He is so protective of his car..." Gabriel looked around at the flowers, moving to make minute adjustments here and there.
Sam eagerly jumped up to help his man, and once everything was cleared away, Sam and Gabe curled up in Gabe’s overstuffed recliner.
Eyes narrowing, the woman clutched her purse. “Excuse me, you rude little witch. I’m reporting you to your manager!”
"Mm... love you so damn much, Sam, my good boy..." Trailing his fingers over his lover, Gabriel made a pleased sound. "You feel so damn good." He rolled his hips, teasing him a bit.
Making a soft noise, Dean tugged Castiel up into his lap. He didn't want to make him feel trapped or anything. The way Cas slid his tongue along his...
Snuggling against him, Gabriel made a pleased sound, sitting on his lap. "So you saw the cameras? I've had them on since earlier when we came out."
"I'll join you when I'm off. Hell, we can hit the weights." Dean finished his coffee and moved to take his dishes to the sink only for Gabriel to nab them.
"We'll get my tattoo and then we can come home, and I'll suck you like a lollipop." Loving that dramatic sigh, Gabriel made a note to try this position when they were ready for it.
"Fuck, Sam..." Gabriel's eyes locked on him, and suddenly, he was working to get his hair rinsed. "Get me clean, like my good boy. I know you want to touch me, then I'll make you feel good."
"I don't care about poop. Or pee. Or vomit, though Let's save that for when you're a few months older at least." Gabriel was frequently covered in disgusting things in his daily life.
"I will," he promised, not letting Dean's hand go. "My brother has even invited my nurse to live with us for the next six months. I think it's a little overkill, but I love Meg dearly and I know they just want to take care of me."
Looking into Sam's eyes, Gabriel groaned as he felt Sam's hand tighten a bit on his cock. "Yes, just like this, Sam. Need it so bad. Need you. Gonna come for you."
Cas melted into the kiss and slid his leg between Dean’s. The kiss quickly became heated and he let out a soft groan.
"You all right, Cassie?" Gabriel moved to hug him. He couldn't help it- he cuddled his brother as often as possible now. He didn't want to let him go.
“I didn’t mind it before because I wanted to take some of the weight off of Dean. He’s done everything for me. Everything.”
Dean pulled Castiel closer resting his head on his shoulder. He was wearing a new pair of pajamas that Castiel had picked out at some point, and it was almost weird how natural this all felt.
Dean hugged Sam for a long moment before he put the ear tips in his ear. He looked into Castiel's eyes, green locked with blue for a long moment before he gently adjusted the position of his hand a minute bit. The sound of Adam's heart- Castiel's heart- strengthened and Dean felt a tear streak down his cheek.
A moment later, Gabriel entered the room. He audibly groaned at seeing Sam's muscled body dripping in water. "Fuck, Samshine..."
"If I thought that, Sam, I wouldn't be here, and I wouldn't be trying to spoil you," Gabriel assured him, stroking his hand over his back again.
"They could. The hands want to go searching, but it's... We've been busy. What do you mean, Dean's bad? What's going on?" Pacing a bit, the veterinarian moved to get himself a drink from the fridge.
Sighing heavily, Dean shook his head, though his green eyes were mischievous. "I'm seeing running in my future."
Cas’s lips twisted in frustration. He wanted to tell Dean he loved him, too. He always would. And if it was possible, he loved him even more now.
Cas looked pleased with himself as the bed dipped beneath Dean. “We still have to get the house ready,” he yawned, turning off the lamp by his bed.
"I know, Cas. I know. We'll have him home soon. Did Sam tell you more about Missouri?" The firefighter rocked him gently, his hand stroking over Castiel's shoulders.
Gabriel moved, carefully taking the puppy and setting it on the couch next to his man. It only took a second for the wriggling fur ball to spot Sam and snuffle along his hand on Scout's head.
She considered for a moment, then nodded. "All right, but if he doesn't..." They'd have to give him something to help. Not that she could blame him, considering.
"Go ahead, Sam." Gabriel smiled, pausing to steal a kiss. "And the fact that you're asking for consent? Fucking sexy."
Gabriel pushed his hand into his pants and stroked himself, watching Sam. "Do you know how much I want to touch you, Sam?"
"Of course- we can do that." Unlocking the car, Gabriel opened the trunk so that he could deposit the bags in the trunk.
“I know. I know. But we’re here. And Crowley's men are coming to you. You’ll be fine.” God, she had to be okay.
Gabriel kissed his daughter, then moved to hand her to Castiel. God, he remembered Castiel doing this with Claire... He swallowed hard, taking in the image of them together.
"Honestly, Winchester, I don't know why I'm surprised. You're worthless when you're supposed to be working, focusing on your school shit." He scowled. "I am going to make sure that anyone who thinks of hiring your worthless ass..."
The sensation of Castiel filling him, stretching his rim tightly around the thick cock... it was almost overwhelming. Dean moaned as he felt him slip past the rings of muscle, sinking deeply.
Leaning around Sam for a peek, the shorter man slipped his arm around him. That was adorable. He let Sam look for a minute before he tugged Sam gently back.
That made Dean's heart hurt, and he sighed a little. "...Yes, Cas, you do. You deserve it more than anyone that I can think of.”
Considering this for a long moment, Gabriel nodded. "Deal." Honestly, he completely supported Dean in being protective of Sam.
Dean snuggled into Castiel, stroking his fingers lightly over his side like he used to do when they were kids. "So... what should we do with the nursery?"
"Good. I'll teach you how to make my kick-ass waffles tomorrow." He shot Sam a winning grin, watching as he saw down.
Gabriel eyed the flush in Sam's cheeks, watching it spread down his neck and chest. Sexy as all fuck, and utterly adorable. "You're so adorably innocent... I'm going to love
“He’s holding his own. They’re watching the pressure on his brain, and I’ve been monitoring his vitals.” He looked back into the room. “You promise James is okay?”
Sam started to say something else, but other classmates started to trickle in and he retreated back to his seat.
Dean nipped at the stubble, making the older man to look at him. "Cas, I love you. Every part of you. I'm not delusional enough to think we won't annoy each other, but I love your stubble, your bed head, your grumpy scowl, your gorgeous body, getting to see how smart you are, the way you make me laugh…"
Garth nodded, focusing on the task at hand. The pups appeared on the screen and he grinned. “Look at those two wiggle!”
Dean watched the coin flying through the air before it neatly splashed into the water. "That's a given, Cas. I guess your wish came true. I wish for the safety, health, and happiness my family, friends, and loved ones." He tossed his own coin in, grinning.
"He looks utterly infatuated to you!" She entered one of the sitting areas and sat down on the couch. "Seriously, Sam, I've never seen you look like this. You deserve how he looks at you."
Dean nodded at his brother, watching as Gabriel scooped up their son. "Please. Cas, come on. Let's go to our room. They've got Elias for a little while." Kissing his temple, Dean guided him towards their room.
Dean shot him a grin, lacing his fingers together with Castiel's. The drive to the bar was quick, and Dean neatly parked Baby out front.
why you didn't say anything?" He gaped at the younger man, who had actually been angry on his behalf.
“I won’t let him go back. I know I’m only here for a week, but I’ll pull a huge guilt trip on him if I have to.”
Thank fuck for that. They were going to have to have a discussion. He patted Sam's thigh. "I thought as much."
Gabriel stole one more kiss before he bounced over to the door, opening it. The smile on his face died, and he scowled. "Zachariah."
Cas was interested in no such thing. His pants were painfully tight and he tried to press even closer to Dean, desperate to relieve the pressure.
Stroking Sam's heavy balls, Gabriel made a note to have a camera recording them next time so that Sam could have it for school. He wanted to remember this forever. He swallowed around his cock, giving him an added caress.
“He’s fine,” Sam soothed, scratching Gabe’s back lightly. “He’s been out of his mind with worry for you.”
"Nutella is fucking deliciousness. Seriously. It's hazelnut chocolate spread stuff- you'll love it." He'd have to share the deliciousness- even if it meant that he didn't get to lick it off of Castiel's body.
“That’s good. Because you know what?” Sam lowered his head and kissed Gabe’s neck. “You’re going to eat, and then I’m going to take care of you. All… night.”
Castiel took a deep breath and eased himself into the passenger seat. The car smelled like Dean, immediately putting him more at ease.
Gabriel froze, easing away from Sam. "Just a sec!" He called, moving to find some clothing. Thankfully, Sam was covered from the waist down. He moved, opening the door.
Laughing, Gabriel kissed him softly. "I honestly can't wait." He could picture the little squabbles, but... they were loving.
"I used to imagine being in love, but it just... it never compared to this. It was something surface wise. What we have..." It almost scared Dean. Castiel was a part of his soul.
"Snow in Palo Alto... it really is Christmas," Gabriel commented with a grin. Thankfully, it didn't take them long to get everything taken care of and in place.
Dean laughed, patting Castiel on the back. "You wanna dig in while I go get Gabriel and Sam?  I'm starving."
"Samshine, can I have another drink, please?" Gabriel considered his pilfered brownie, then set it on the tray with a sigh. He'd done well eating, but he wasn't stupid. He was going to take it carefully. "At least I lost some of the pudge, right?"
"Yeah, sorry- the roads were bad, then there was a deer, which we missed but he just gave me a look." He moved to start unpacking the groceries, dripping water. "How's my Princess?"
"So you're still interested, even if I'm an asshole?" Raising a brow, Gabriel gave him a sassy look.
“This time we won’t be shopping,” Cas assured him as he slid into Baby. “And if I get very tired, there is a couch, I assume?”
Dean sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. "Come on, Sam, really? After you were kissing you didn't even let him explain?"
Gabriel moaned, pressing closer to Sam. "Mmhm. Remember that for when I'm sucking your cock." He moved, starting to nibble and bite his way down Sam's gorgeous chest.
"And we'll get you there, okay?" Gabriel stroked his hair gently. "You're getting you your own books, your own things, you can go anywhere in the house- it's your home too. Okay? If you want decorations... your own clothes..."
“You’re fine, Dean.” He gave a glass to Dean, then nursed his own water. “Would you like to talk about it?”
His lips stretched around Sam, and he gave a low moan as he started to work him in and out of his mouth. The younger man was writhing practically, and Gabriel pinned his hips to the bed.
Cas didn’t respond to him. He just pressed closer to Dean, the only person he knew would keep him safe.
Lucky managed to pull himself onto the bed with Cas. His whines became more frantic as he nuzzled at his human desperately.
Dazed, Cas had to laugh as Dean scrambled for pants. Was this possible? After giving birth to Elias, not one single alpha who fucked him had gotten him pregnant.
Shifting a little, Gabriel kissed him gently, letting his lips brushed lightly over his lover's. "You are so wonderful, love. So beautiful."
“Yes. I’ve been studying and going to all of my classes.” Sam gently placed Gabe on the enormous bed. Then he grabbed the hotel phone and called downstairs for dinner. Once that was done, he began unpacking Gabe’s bags for him.
"Oh, fuck, Cas. I'm sorry." The death of a spouse and a child? Dean wasn't sure how Castiel was still there. He couldn't have handled it.
Fuck- Sam was too damn perfect, and he could taste his precum coating his mouth and throat as Sam fucked his mouth... Gabriel was caught up in him, watching him, tasting him- the feel of him, his own arousal climbing.
He nodded and they walked to Sam’s SUV. Ten minutes later, they were at the small grocery store in the center of town.
Giving Remy an order to stay, Dean headed back up to the main house. It only took him a few minutes to get the dogs to come with him after readying the house for the night.
"Yeah, I got pushed a Newfie's reach away." And he'd been surrounded by fur, not his face buried in Castiel's hair... No wonder he'd slept strangely.
“So am I.” Sam wiped his mouth before giving Gabe a kiss. “And just So you know, I never want to do a dating website again. So you’re stuck with me.”
A shy smile curved Sam’s lips. “I like that you’re a little possessive of me.” Not in a bad way, either. Gabe’s idea of possession seemed to be a plethora of hickeys and wandering hands. He could live with that.
Swallowing him down, the older man made a pleased sound. He was fucking delicious. "Mmm..." He pulled back, hints of come on his lips along with chocolate.
Sitting down, Scout tilted her head before moving to sniff at the puppy, propping herself on the couch so she could reach.
“I’ll grab one.” Sam grabbed a pillow and carefully adjusted his brother’s head into a more comfortable position.
"Oh, fuck- that's my good boy. You're so good for me, aren't you?" He tugged his hair gently as his hand fisted.
"How'd he learn?" Emma blinked as Dean ushered her to a chair so that he could make the cocoa. She grinned as she saw him wipe a tear away.
Cas reached out and stroked Dean’s face. “It’s been so long since I’ve done this,” he said softly. “I took a chance on you, and I need to know you feel the same.”
"Well, I can donate them- from The HeartBrothers in celebration of Castiel's recovery." Gabriel grinned, holding out the popcorn for them to try.
"They sugary sweet together, honestly. It's adorable." Handing Sam his glass of water, Gabriel kissed his jaw.
Gabriel sat down on the little couch, glancing up at his husband. "She's so tiny." He said, peering into the bassinet. He reached out, touching her hand.
"That'll be perfect. Thanks." Dean followed her through the clinic, hearing the animal cries getting louder. He blinked as he heard a bird screech, "'Sup, Bitches?"
Gabriel watched as the got Dean onto the table, then worked to get the things set up for the transfusion. "All right- I am going to start by sedating you a little, Dean. This isn't going to be fun."
"I won't be alone, either. I promise. There's a reason that we're a family, Castiel." Grabbing a strawberry, Dean held it to Castiel's lips.
"Please- spaghetti and homemade garlic bread? You're damn right I'm staying." Dean shot her a grin, stepping back. "What can I do to help?"
Gabriel sighed, then squeezed his hand. "I'm sorry if it sounded like I was pushing you into it, Castiel. I wasn't. I just wanted you to know pregnancy can enhance things…"
Cas was far more relaxed, but there was still that tiny voice of doubt on the back of his head. “You mean that?”
"Well, that or just let her keep us warm with her fur," Dean laughed a little, shaking his head. Athena looked at them both, then concentrated on being pet.
"I've got you, Cas. Go ahead, baby." Dean rocked him softly, his fingers stroking Castiel's soft hair.
"And what of Gabriel?" Ketch laid a hand on Sam's shoulder. "Dean's blaming himself for all of this, and Castiel told him it was his fault, just before Dean left." He didn't see the two men being able to repair their relationship, not after that. Dean had just nodded, accepting the blame. He'd only seen that much, rushing to help with the animals, but it'd been enough.
"That woman is an ignorant cunt who didn't know a good thing when she had it." Gabriel smoothed Sam's hair, hating how upset he was.
Amused at Castiel's words, and loving it at the same time, Dean winked at him with his irritated eye. "I'm reassured. Can you hand me the conditioner, honey?"
Sam was already at the table, also wearing his baby in a sling. He grinned when he saw Cas and Jack. “Great minds think alike.”
“Sure, Angel.” Sam pulled out his phone and texted their brothers. “The generator was a brilliant idea. Dean says Cas is already getting anxious and he thinks he’ll need to be distracted.”
“Good! So we aren’t going to work you too hard today, but I want to see what kind of muscle tone we’re working with. It may be a little uncomfortable, but we’ll work past it.”
"Well, here are the nacho bacon fries- the burger will be up in a few, guys," Garth told them with a grin before he went to help assemble the burgers.
"It does." Holding Castiel, Dean smiled as the dog cuddled in between them, her tail thumping between them.
Gabriel pushed a hand into Sam's hair, teasing him. "Do you know what you did to me when you called me that in class?"
Sam’s head was spinning. “I had to take out loans for what the scholarships didn’t cover,” he managed. “Dean, you’re not doing this.”
"I just want to feel you, Gabe." He shivered when Gabe gently cradled Sam's belly in his hands. "I love you."
“I try.” Sam nudged at the brownie again. “Did you stop because of that bastard, or does your stomach hurt?”
Cas helped Dean sit up, then he gave Dean’s temple a little kiss. “You can relax. I’ll look after you.”
Dean smiled, watching him as he pulled off his mask, then gloves."We're safe now- I've got the torches turned off." Dean assured him, moving over to his side. "I need to get a sign or something to put up when I'm working. The last thing that we want is for you to get hurt."
“I love you, too.” He always had. The taller man sat down on the bench, trying not to look at his still-battered body.
Gabriel moaned, rolling his hips as he moved with him. "Fuck, that's... you feel so good..." He bit his lower lip, moving on Sam's cock.
Sam snuggled closer to Gabe and looked at the phone. Gone was his misery and instead contentedness washed over him.
"Before it was about comfort and sunburns, now it's long term stuff, like skin cancer."Dean patted his back, smearing the white into his skin.
He tucked his head under Sam's jaw for a moment, figuring Castiel wouldn't care. "Thanks, Samshine."
Dean entered the house, stripping off his clothing. "Where's Cas and Elias?" He didn't want the scent of blood to upset the pups.
He snorted softly, cuddling closer to her. "If you say so. I think for now I'm going to concentrate on getting Cassie better. There's too much going on, anyway." Sam deserved more than him anyway.
Cas smiled weakly, rubbing his eyes. All of the excitement of the day was already catching up to him.
"As do you. Now... did you drive, Sam, or would you prefer to ride with me?" Hell. He'd added the 'with me' almost like an afterthought, given how terrible it sounded. Clearly, it'd been far too long since he'd gotten laid... or at least since he'd seen Sam Winchester. Damn it. Dinner. He hadn't even said it was the date.
"Merry Christmas. There's a grand on there that you can use for anything and everything that you need. Is there anyone else here?" Gabriel asked, glancing around.
Gabriel snorted softly, "Sammich, you coming?" He called down the hall, then started to get them some drinks.
Cas’s gaze flickered briefly to Charlie, and she didn’t miss it. “I’m also available for hair cutting needs,” she said brightly. “I may goof it up, but I’ll help.”
Dean looked at his little brother. "Just so you know, Sammy- that man loves the hell out of you." He wanted him to know how Gabriel had been there for him.
"Mmm. And coffee." Gabriel watched Sam, innocently tracing his fingers over the line of his hip. All right, so his arm brushed his cock a little...
"Me too. I'll get Meg to bring us some water, okay?" He reached for the call button, dying for a drink.
"I know, Sammy, but I think we're going to put him on a plane to you." Dean just wanted to lock down the security, keep Gabriel safe figure out why a fire had happened and then this. It couldn't be random.
"She looks so much bigger..." Dean shook his head, swallowing hard. "Ready to take on this world, sweetheart?"
Dean shrugged, trying to hide the way that his cheeks were heating up. "Well, finish eating... then we can open presents." He looked at Castiel. "How's the French Toast casserole?"
"Yes, Cas, please- I'm good, just fuck me." Biting his lower lip, Dean took a breath, then rolled his hips. "I promise, I'm good, I just need you."
Dean made a mewling little sound as Castiel's cock finally slipped past his rim and inside. It was just the head, but it was already amazing. "Cas, please- Castiel... I need you to fuck me. I need you to fill me up!"
“I don’t like selfies, but I’ll make an exception for you.” Sam snuggled into Gabe, resting his head on the smaller man’s chest.
Gabriel moved back to Sam's side, sliding an arm around his waist. "He worries me but Dean is sitting on him, so…"
"I was raised on various ranches before I joined the Marines, even did a bit with the rodeo circuit. Horses are great." Fuck. Why did he even say that? What was it about Castiel that had him just volunteering information?
Ketch moved over to Castiel's side, looking him over. "Castiel Winchester? My name is Ketch, and I'm taking you back to your husband, but I need you to stay here while I get a few things finished."
Grinning, Dean slipped an arm around Castiel's shoulders. Just wait until Gabriel saw his corgi! They'd do that after Sam's surprise, of course.
Dean's green eyes darkened as he watched Castiel, and his Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. "I'd like that, Honey." He kissed his forehead, then gently tugged him into their bathroom.
“Oh...that’s so good...” Castiel let his head fall back, focusing on the sensations the alpha was creating in him.
"I'm just tired," Gabriel grumbled, picking at the food he'd prepared. "I love you too, Samsquatch."
With the adrenaline quickly fading, Sam couldn’t stifle a yawn. “When will we get to give her her first bottle?”
"Good. Now no being cranky with me. You turn me on when you scowl like that." Dean kissed his nose before stretching.
"What would you like to know? I'm thirty, I'm a sugar addict who used to have a smoking habit when I was in college who now replaces one oral fixation with another." He held up a lollipop from his pocket before tucking it away. "I love to make candy, and I'm a big fan of sappy romance, and that Ironic Justice series."
Grumbling, Gabriel stroked his fingers through Castiel's hair. "At least you found someone I know can take care of you."
"Mm. I'm sure he'll be amazing." Climbing out of the car, Dean looked at him. "Hell, if I have time, maybe I'll pop in on one of your classes."
Sam nodded and slowly pulled away from Gabe. They had almost everything they needed but he found himself picking out a couple of onesies and tiny hats.
"Hey..." Dean moved to the sink, washing his hands before moving to join them. "Where's Bobby? Working?"
"I bet, Sammy. I can't wait either. We'll have a baby shower next week. I'll send out invites on Facebook." Dean mused, and Gabriel laughed a little.
Leaning against the wall and letting Sam do most of the work, he felt a bit useless, but fuck if he cared. He had this- had his Sam touching him, frotting against him and making him wild. "Soon, fuck. You feel so good, Sam, please!"
Gabriel tried to speak, tried to stop it, but Dean was already dumping the cracker jacks, complete with Sam's engagement ring into a bowl.
"I'm... why am I still scared, Sam?" It had his body still tense, and he clung to Sam. He just couldn't let him go. He hated the itch under his skin, making him crave that next dose of 'medicine'.
"You were supposed to be completely distracted by me, but..." Dean laughed, looking over at the other man as he hit his turning signal.
Laughing, Dean watched the dog. She was so damn happy- it was adorable. "I think she's a bit excited, Cas. Don't you?"
A black and white pit mix ran up to the gate, wagging its tail eagerly. Dean grinned, moving to stroke the dog's ears.
Pressing his face into Sam's neck, Gabriel forced himself to take a breath before he looked into his eyes. "Sam. I've got millions more. A fuckload more where that came from. In between our parents each having money and interest- Castiel and I are set for many, many lifetimes. Let me do this for you."
Sam was snuggled into Gabe's side and he cracked up. "Dean did that a lot," he stage-whispered to his boyfriend.
"Is that so?" Flipping the coin through his fingers, Dean eyed it for a moment. "What'd you think of so quickly? Or am I not allowed to know?"
Cuddling Jack, Gabriel stroked his fingers through the little boy's hair. "She'll be born in a little while and then you can meet her."
There were little projects of Dean's scattered about, a bouquet of lilies, carnations, roses, daisies and other flowers, along with some fern-like plants to flush it out with pictures and sketches to work from. There were some smaller figurines here and there in various stages of completion. His desk was covered with papers with sketches and pencils. "I never went to college or anything. I dropped out and got my GED. Did a mechanic's course, but..."
Shifting his hips a little, Dean gripped at the headboard. He knew that his cock was leaking precome all over the sheets, making a mess, but he couldn't be bothered to care. He was too excited, too aroused to care.
"We'll have to ask him unless you think Dean's on it." Gabriel sighed, pushing his hair back. "I should head out."
shirt, watching as Sam's dimples flashed across the screen. He could almost feel safe here. The doors
Cas didn’t respond and Sam squeezed Bobby’s arm. “He didn’t recognize me or Gabe at first. But Dean...Dean is the only one who has kept him calm.”
“I bet he wasn’t.” Sam quickly warmed up a bottle for Zep. “Are Cas and Alex and Elias still asleep, then?”
Michael gave his brother a moment, then sighed. "Luke, I know you hate it, but I'm damn glad that you're alive." he looked over at Castiel. "We... discussed it. You'd just had a really bad spell. It turned out that you made it, but we... we were terrified if we said anything..."
Yawning, the blond pouted as he looked at his ring. It was completely covered in dog hair. Chopin, seeing the treat, licked at it. "Hey. No, this is mine..."
"Mmm...." Gabriel had to be slightly less enthusiastic than he normally would be, but it didn't matter. He licked the precome from Sam's tip, jerking him with his hand.
"Here, Cas." Dean served him a plate of food and stole his son, bottle in hand. His brother would have to wait.
"Of course- you work on narrowing down the apartment list. Cas and I will book a hotel for you both until you can set on a place together." Dean looked up, hearing the door. "Here comes Gabriel."
Sam swallowed hard, his fingertips digging into Gabe’s hip. “Can I… can I have both? A book and a kindle?”
Cas sighed contently and held Dean close. “If I feel like this after simply being touched by you, I can’t wait to make love to you.”
Dean kissed his jaw, then sighed as he considered. "It does sound fun. I've never done anything like that before. I always wanted to, but... hell, I stole Sam presents as a kid..."
"Please, I want... I need your tongue." Yeah, definitely embarrassed later, but if it got him what he wanted now...
"Well, that's good considering most of my selfies are me being a dork at work." Pausing a moment, Gabriel put out the roach before he started typing.
"No worries, love. If you say something isn't what you want or like, then I make it stop," Dean assured him quietly.
She blinked, tilting her head at him. "Castiel... he's lost you. You've lost him now too... for now."
Kissing his hair, Dean got his mate inside, hearing Gabriel and his brother behind them. "Cas, I'm so proud of you for today. I know how anxious that made you, and you did an amazing job." He put Elias down, letting him play with some toys on the carpet before facing his mate.
Tara laughed a little, watching Sam. "Hey, sweetie. I'm auntie Tara..." It was hard, letting her go, but it was right.
Gabriel laughed softly, kissing his skin softly. "He'll have to deal with Cas in the morning. I hope he doesn't think that what he got this morning was his only gift."
Glaring at Dean, Gabriel shook his head. "It's not a big deal, Cas. He was just trying to get me to go out with him again."
"We ubered," Gabriel told him, shaking his head. He hadn't let himself focus on his car, or Kali. There was too much going on. "Let's get you inside, kiddo."
Dean snorted softly, watching as Gabriel started to plate the food. Everyone was swarming into the kitchen, drawn by the delicious scent of short ribs, red wine gravy, smashed potatoes and yeast rolls.
"Well, he's not tiny." Dean adjusted him a little, then snickered. "Well, I didn't check.  He's not tall, though."
"You're utterly perfect, aren't you? Marry me?" The blond teased, moving to steal another kiss from Sam- and the car keys.
Dean watched him, biting his lower lip as he saw the drop of berry juice clinging to his mouth, then slipping down along his jaw. Figuring there was no time like the present, he licked up the juice before finishing the berry.
Sam relaxed and ate another big bite of waffle. “Dean’s the best. And when I’m at school, sometimes Charlie and I snuggle.”
"You..." Dean furrowed his brow. He didn't understand why she was doing this if she wasn't out to get something. She just seemed earnest, and just so... trustworthy. What the hell?
"You did just perfect, Cas. Our son thinks so too, okay?" Dean held them both, carefully adjusting the blanket.
Gabriel shivered, looking at Sam before he stole a kiss. "I almost told you so many times. I didn't want to ruin it."
Dean felt sick as he stared at the carnage around them, the safe home he'd treasured destroyed. His relationship... Castiel's love for him… Not that Castiel had ever said it. He’d never returned the words, not that it mattered. Dean’'d done this. Castiel was right.
“Free time that I would rather waste reading than taking more tests.” He let out an exaggerated shudder.
The ride didn't take long, though Dean was definitely starting to feel a bit nervous. The ring in his pocket almost seemed to burn, but he could do this. He loved Castiel more than anything- he'd do anything for him. He stopped the four-wheeler, turning it off. "All right, gorgeous, off."
Gabriel watched Sam sink down into the water, then moved to wrap himself around his lover. "You spoil me, you know that, right?"
It'd been a dream. A terrible fucking nightmare. He curled against Sam, clinging to him as he tried to steady his breathing. Matching his breaths with Sam slowly evened out his breathing, and he wiped at his eyes, only to wince.
"I do, but I'd rather be sucking it than eating, and it's very distracting." Taking a bite of his chicken, Gabriel considered him as he chewed and swallowed. "I'll let you finish before I pounce you."
Cas reached out and stroked Jack’s cheek. “There are a lot of older kids who need a home, just like you did.”
Blinking a bit at Sam's back, Gabriel preened a bit. Sam thought he was sexy. He could work with that. He grinned, starting to dance as he got dressed.
"I... yes. If you want, I will." Meeting Castiel's gaze, Dean blushed. "I just didn't want you to see them in case you were... in case you thought it was weird."
"Me too... Gabe chased me away when I tried to check on them." Dean pouted a little, stroking his hands over Castiel.
Dean snorted softly. He really did have no idea. Hell, Dean'd gone broke trying to feed Sam's growing ass.
Feeling Sam's cock right where he needed him, Gabriel pressed down and groaned as Sam slid inside. "Fuck-
“I do.” Cas took Jack back with ease and nodded to Jody and Donna. Then he made his way upstairs with the tired child.
"Breathe, Gabriel. I'm going to find a lighter if you don't have one on you. I don't think Remy's going to budge." Chopin and Lucky were both watching from the dog beds- yes, Dean had dog beds for dogs that weren't his, they were guests, it was important- and he patted the blond's shoulders.
"Don't, Charlie. I'm sorry. I was so worried for you. Come on." He kissed her hair softly as he scooted her into a chair.
"About that... and please, don't. You're family. I can't take money from you." Gabriel moved, setting the pies in front of Sam before setting a box of chocolates in front of Charlie. "I wanted to help you. You don't owe me anything. I've got a ridiculous amount of money at my disposal, and well... you deserve it."
"I love you too, brat." He hugged him close, then grinned. "Dean gave you his heart and yours. I love the title of your piece."
Two months later, the night of Dean’s concert arrived. Sam had healed well from his attack and Cas was settling in well in their new home. Dean had even found a new therapist, a warm older woman by the name of Missouri. Cas had taken to her immediately and he was healing well.
Letting out a shaky sigh, Sam pulled Gabe close and hugged him tightly. “Fuck. I don’t want to do this.”
Uh-huh. Dean did not want to see that. "We're going to get to work, so... er... see you later. No sex in the kitchen."
Sam gave him a gorgeous grin. “There’s no rush, but I want kids. Specifically, I want to foster and adopt.”
"Then get up higher on the bed." Standing up, the chocolatier pushed him, smirking. "Get out the lube." He reached down, carefully pulling the plug from his ass.
"Samshine..." He pressed his face into his chest, gulping for air. "I have to see if she's okay, I-"
Gabriel bit his lower lip, determined not to moan. "Gonna have to keep you if you around, Samshine," He told him quietly.
He had her propped on his hip as he started to make Ants on a Log for her- Cas had said that it was her favorite snack, then a glass of Gabriel's chocolate milk. "Here, kiddo. Snack of champions!"
Cas looked relieved as the doctor left. He kissed Dean’s head softly. “Now that I’ve heard that, I feel like I can eat something.”
Donna shook their hands enthusiastically after giving them the keys. “Congratulations, you two!” She produced a nice bottle of wine and gave it to Gabe. “And of course, keep me in mind when you’re ready to sell. You know I’ll take good care of you again.”
"Let's get you home, sweetness." Kissing him back, Gabriel shot him a smile when he saw Sam relax and decide to behave. "All right?
“It’s okay.” He gave her a watery smile. “She was my baby. And talking about her keeps her memory alive.”
"Fuck, Sam..." Gabriel moved so that he was kneeling in the tub, reaching to pull Sam to him so that he could nuzzle along the silk stretched across his cock.
"I love it when you nuzzle into me like that." Gabriel stroked his hair with a grin. "I have the best mate there is."
"We can definitely film it. I want us each to have a copy... and I'll have to get us each a kick-ass laptop with a good webcam." Gabriel mused, tapping his lips.
Sam glanced at his phone, ready to turn it off. But when he saw it was Dean, he looked apologetically at Gabe. "It's Dean. I'm so sorry."
"Yeah... he moved a bit, hm? We'll love him, even if that's all we get, okay?" He made a mental note to dump the bottles that he had. He needed to watch Cas, not get drunk, and drown his sorrows.
“I... it’s all happening so fast.” Sam instinctively stroked the sweet pup’s head, just as he did with Remy.
“As will I. And he doesn’t like upsetting me.” Castiel also wasn’t above calling Sam and getting him on Gabe’s case.
Gabriel's hair fell in his face, sticking to the sweat here and there. "Come for me Sam- want your come in me!" He could tell he was close, and fuck knew that he wasn't long off.
"As soon as Gabriel's up for it. After rehab, but... we're going to do this." And Dean had every intention of enlisting his brothers... "Luke, what sort of law do you do again? Cause... Sammy might need an attorney after this." He had killed a man. Dean wasn't even hung up on it, he was worried about his brother.
Gabriel looked down at him, clearing his throat. "You smell that, Sam?" He smiled, unable to help himself.
"Terrific. Next year, Dean, Sam, your brother and you will all have to go through the woods, looking for the perfect tree." Bobby grinned at the laugh, feeling like he'd achieved something.
Chewing slowly, Dean swallowed and licked his lips. "Garth... he's like family. He's weird, but he's our weirdo." Shaking his head, Dean looked over at his friend who was chattering away with the kid, sparring a word or two with his mom
The dog looked up at him, then sat down, watching him as if he was going to do something interesting.
"I should have figured." Winking at him, Gabriel grabbed a set in Gryffindor's red leather. "What about these, baby?"
"It's as close as I could get to sharing a meal with you. Let me know how it looks, gorgeous." Gabriel swore as he remembered his pie, then finished rolling out the top crust. "You distracted me from my pie, Sammich. Let me get it in the oven, then we can sit to eat."
"...I think we need to have a baby shower for Candace." He smirked a bit, wondering if Sammy would let him get away with the name.
"Of course." The stylist grinned, then started to describe a cut that would frame her face in long layers. "How's that?"
“I know you’re angry, babe, but we need to go check on Cas. And James! Damn it, I need to be sure she’s okay.”
Dean relaxed back against Castiel, almost shocked by how complete he made him feel. Like he could just fit with all of Dean's ragged edges... Turning, the firefighter stole a kiss from Castiel. "That'd be perfect."
“Thank you.” Sam reached for his wallet. “I should be thanking you for a ton of stuff, actually. You made it possible for me to come home this week.”
That was all the encouragement Sam needed. After a couple more strokes, he came, his big body tensing. “Gabriel!”
