Dean cries out, the sound garbled in his throat by Castiel’s cock, and the vibration of it sends Castiel reeling again. “Stop, stop!” he gasps, still swinging the Discipline, but each strike only seems to spur Dean on, his moans thickening around Castiel’s length as he takes it even deeper.
His only hope is that with time his memory of that night will fade, and the lust it inspires in him will lessen. He prays for the strength to endure until then, but even that comfort is tainted. He cannot find his rosary. Not since it fell from his fingers that night.
“That won’t be necessary,” Castiel swallows, returning to the chair to pick up the Discipline, “You will feel this through your clothing.”
Cas-kitty jumps up onto the top of the couch and peers down at where Sam-kitty is curled around Dean-kitty on the seat…
Summary: Another one in which there is a lock, and a key, and it's still a bad metaphor... but who's holding what? [timestamp from the
“Why am I not surprised to find you in here?” their former guidance Counselor glared. The exact same glare that looked for all the world like it hadn’t aged in a
“Is that all?” Castiel asks. It simply sounds as if the man enjoyed stirring mischief as a boy. It’s certainly far from definitive evidence of Sadism.
When he turns around again, the look on Dean’s face is startled, wary, confused and a bit afraid – but Castiel can no longer think to care, because Dean is completely, perfectly naked, skin flushed and glowing in the firelight, cock straining at full mast and
“So… Not that I’m complaining or anything, but… How come you two seem to be the only other actors in this Porn Company?”
punishing Dean’s flesh, though Castiel has no idea where that threshold may be. Even as he strikes Dean hard enough to draw blood, Dean’s enthusiasm only intensifies, and Castiel does not wish to do permanent damage.
He supposes he shouldn’t be surprised when Dean’s gasps become more frenzied, his voice thickening with heightened arousal under the onslaught. For a Sadist such as Dean, to have his bare bottom flogged, while simultaneously being prevented from reaching completion, it must be the sweetest of torments.
With his wrists tied the way they are, Dean is forced to lie back across the small altar, and he automatically lifts his legs to accommodate the position, planting his feet on the end of the altar to brace himself better. But the position also forces his legs to splay open, displaying himself for Castiel, and Castiel can’t help the pleased rumble that escapes his throat at the sight. He is so pleased by it, he picks the rest of the altar cloth up off the floor, tearing the remains into two last strips, slinging them under Dean’s knees and tying them to the hook as well, keeping Dean in that position.
Suddenly, Castiel struck with a frantic idea. Pulling the rosary off his neck, he wraps it around his member, and though he can’t stop pumping himself, the beads of the rosary now make it increasingly difficult, every stroke edged with pain.
Castiel is impressed. The young Lord is taking to it very well. If Dean hadn’t told him otherwise, Castiel might not have even suspected this is his first time. Castiel begins to think that perhaps it will only take this one session to cure Dean of his affliction after all.
himself when he experiences inappropriate thoughts or bodily reactions. It is through self-flagellation that Castiel purifies himself those desires.
But where their first night together they didn’t know how they felt about each other, sure that they didn’t feel the same,
are usually all about the guests, but when one of the staff has a birthday, shenanigans ensue. [NSFW headcanons from the
No problem Cas. It was the least I could do. I didn’t like the thought of you being there all alone while your sick, and I know a guy who can track down that kind of information. But don’t worry, I won’t abuse your privacy or anything again if you don’t want me to.
Dean introduced Castiel to his baby with a loving caress across the shining metal of her hood. Castiel’s mouth merely twitched in amusement as Sam sighed in exasperation, but it was still a step up from when Kali had flat out refused to get in “that thing” last year. Dean did see a small gleam of something like appreciation, or respect, in Castiel’s eyes though, but it seemed to be aimed at
And of course, when Castiel closes his eyes, it only allows his other senses more focus. Every gasp and hitch in Dean’s breath seems to shudder across Castiel’s body like a physical touch, every building cry stirring him deep within.
“Michael, can I please play with him? Just once?” Lucifer whines, sitting naked in the corner and playing with himself as he watches.
- Dean walked through the hospital as if drawn by an invisible cord, and what he found at its end shook him to the core. "Cas?"
Lucky for them, though, they were the only ones who had decided to do some “star-gazing” that night. Not that they were looking at the stars either. Instead, they were taking advantage of the privacy, slow dancing in the headlights of the Impala to the low volume of music coming from the car radio.
“This isn’t the right way, kid! Trust me!” Dean shouts back. But even as the words come out of his mouth he knows it’s useless. How do you explain morality to a child?
“Dean, you’re miserable,” Castiel murmured after they returned to their table, easily reading his mood. “Why are we still here?” he asked.
Since they’d been interrupted in the Janitor’s closet earlier, that option was severely tempting right now. But then again, Dean didn’t know if he’d be able to have Cas’ mouth on him any time soon without being reminded of said interruption.
Dean’s heart clenched in his chest. It had never occurred to him how it’d affected Castiel when he was in there with whatever random girl he’d decided to fool around with at the time. And now that he knew, he felt like an absolute heel.
These are actual snippets of conversation from that band, with the names changed for your reading pleasure.
The next time, Dean takes things slow, and with purpose. Gentle, the way Cas deserves. He pulls the thin bedsheet over their heads, and it glows with the light from the bedside table Castiel had turned on the first time they fell to the sheets, creating a space where all they can see is each other – all they
“Come back to me,” Castiel still murmurs, gently cradling Dean’s face even as Dean comes with the force of a freight-train, snarling with every snap of his hips, deep inside Castiel’s body.
When Dean came to, he barely had a chance to take in his surroundings before someone rushed to his side and began shining a flashlight into his eyes. He winced into the light, groaning as the dull throb in his temple made itself known.
For a long moment, Castiel is transfixed, arrested by the sight of the dark fluid disappearing into the pink mouth of Dean’s hole, then dribbling back out of it, curving a slow trail down the mounds of Dean’s rear. But soon Dean begins to squirm again, already greedy for more.
“Please remove your coat and vest, and then come here. You can leave your things on the chair beside you,” Castiel instructs, clearing away the last items on the altar and placing them in the closet nearby.
Dean feels the bed dip as Benny slides back in beside him, the pillow slowly being pulled away from his face. He petulantly tries to hang on to it for second, but as soon as he gets a whiff of said coffee, the battle is lost.
“It doesn’t matter what you do, brother,” Michael smiles fondly in the direction Adam left. “He always chooses me in the end.”
“We all are, kid,” Dean reassures gently. “But you’ll learn to deal with it,” he says, his hand going to the kid’s shoulder to soothe him. The child looks up at Dean then, and for the first time during their conversation the boy smiles.
Dean knew Castiel’s body, as well as Castiel knew Dean’s, meeting every thrust and touching Dean in all the right ways to urge him on, faster, and deeper, no matter how much Dean wanted to make it last. He never could resist Cas, not since their first time together.
It takes a few more times before Dean comes back to himself again. Sometimes it takes less. Sometimes a lot more. Sometimes days. But Castiel stays with him, holding him, letting him take what he needs, waiting until Dean is ready to talk.
And that’s when Dean formulated a plan which would pretty much guarantee he spent as much time with Castiel over the next year as possible…
Castiel quickly shoves his fist into his mouth, stifling his cry of pain as he presses hard on his thigh, the metal prongs of the cilice there digging into his skin.
Dean cursed Missouri Moseley internally. Ten years after high school and the woman was still traumatizing him.
Dean swallowed against the thickness in his throat, the significance of Castiel’s words not lost on him.
me?” Dean sputtered again, even more shocked. But Meg was already walking away, muttering something that sounded like, “I was
“I just want you to know, even though we don’t do this very often, I treasure every moment of our time together,” Castiel murmurs, adoration in his eyes as he gazes down at Dean.
“Cas you freakin’ child, you should’ve listened to me,” he whispers into the dark, reaching up to scrub away the… sleep… from his eyes.
“You sure you wouldn’t rather be hanging out with those student council types instead? Seems to be what all the brainy kids do,” Dean said, hoping it sounded like careless teasing.
But for all his brother’s teasing, apparently Dean making a friend was a bigger deal than he’d thought, because by the time Castiel appeared Sam was so flustered that the first thing he did was shoot his hand out awkwardly in greeting. Castiel raised an eyebrow at the formality of the gesture, but after a moment he stiffly reached out and shook Sam’s hand.
“You’re new here, aren’t you… Adam?” Lucifer leers, leaning forward and making a show of reading the young man’s nametag.
Castiel is grateful Dean’s travels are mostly overseas, far from the city. He shudders to think of what the men there would do with such a one as this.
“Maybe you should. We could use a new Sheriff around town. Maybe then you could do something about the cafeteria food. Seriously, have you seen the kitchen? It’s like the friggin’ apocalypse went off in there!” Dean complained. Castiel laughed, his eyes lighting up with mirth and crinkling at the corners as he threw his head back with it.
Castiel heaves a quiet sigh. He hadn’t expected this, but it’s not as if he can turn this man away. It is his station to listen. To provide absolution. “Have no fear,” he replies soothingly. “Tell me, what makes you think this?”
“Look, it’s my old locker!” he pointed, walking over and palming the metal of the door. Turning around to lean back against it, he grinned at Castiel. “This is where we first met!”
Sam was the brains in the family. That’s how his brother got the gig. And Sam had never really gotten over the loss of his child and his wife Jessica from complications in childbirth. So Dean understood why Sam wanted to go. Start over. And truth be told, Dean didn’t have much in his life other than Sam either, so of course he was going. He may only be a mechanic, but they still needed mechanics over there too. Or so Sam had said.
“I’m just doing what you taught me!” the kid yells back. “I'm doing this for you, Dean! I'm doing this
With a groan, his lips close around that dribbling furl, tongue soothing that hot and swollen skin. He wants to drink from the chalice of Dean’s body forever, wants to kneel and worship every inch of his beautiful skin and fill his ears with nothing but the prayer of Dean’s rapturous moans. Why would God create such beauty, such joy, and call it evil? Why would He deny His children such bliss, charge them to resist? And if
“It will be difficult. For us both. And there is no immediate guarantee of success,” Castiel warns him. He remembers some men and women returning over and over again for private sessions with the priests in the capital, and how much strain it was for the priests as well as the supplicants – how dishevelled and exhausted they were afterwards.
He stands under the spray – always too cold – head bent as the water sluices through his hair, plastering the long strands all the way down his face to the tips of his shoulders, tangling through the length of his beard. The water runs dark down the drain, first a muddy brown, then red, then pink. But when it finally runs clear Dean still doesn’t move, save for the trembling in his arms where he’s holding himself up against the shower wall. He still can’t tell the difference between the sound of the shower running and the rushing pulse of blood in his ears. It’s still too loud. Too
"Hey Jo, I wanna wear the pink wig later but it looks nasty. What do I do? It’ll take forever to comb it out!"
So there was a poll for TV's Top Couple way back in 2012 and some of us starting writing drabbles on twitter based on the captchas we got when we voted. It was right after Castiel exploded in a lake back in season 7 and there was much speculation as to how he would return, so my drabbles ended up following that theme. From angst to crack.
He knew it was a privilege, a chance at a new and better life… but that didn’t mean he wasn’t scared shitless.
,” he begins once more, and this time Castiel recites the prayer with him, hoping to lend his strength to the words – though he finds his voice strangely thick and even more rough than usual.
Dean had laughed at that. At least the decent people were still okay. He resolved to keep in touch with her from now on.
“Sonofabitch,” Dean cursed under his breath, turning to face the music. But before Dean even had time to plaster a cocky grin on his face the guy took a swing at him.
“Anyway, how do you think I felt when I found out you’d been messing around with Mr. Happy all year?” he teased.
A sob rises again, unbidden in Castiel’s throat, and he has to pull away, heaving great gulps of air to force it down. Dean is not
Dean whirled away, his jaw clenching against the angry tears welling up in his eyes, blurring his view of the latest sketches covering the walls of Winchester Designs. He felt Castiel approach him from behind, the other man’s hand press hot and heavy against his shoulder, and then, finally, a single, defeated tear rolled down Dean’s cheek.
The feeling lasts all of a couple of days, before Dean is miserable and missing Cas something fierce. He starts listening to old phone messages just to hear Cas’ voice, starts reading through old texts, flipping through the folders and folders of pictures he’s taken… but when he gets to his videos, Dean is shocked to find a new one has been added without him knowing.
when all my ex-girlfriends find out about us. They might drown you in a lake of their tears or something,” he grinned, waiting for laughter.
“Father Castiel?” Dean calls softly in the silence, and Castiel heaves a resigned sigh, unable to ignore the uncertainty and misery in Dean’s voice.
“I didn't think I would be the one… on the… bottom?” Sam stammered, gesturing feebly with his hands. He never really contemplated the thought that the other man might be a
“Hello Castiel, My name is Crowley,” the president introduced himself. “On behalf of the student council we’d like to welcome you to the school. Would you like to join us for lunch?” Crowley asked, giving Castiel a too smooth smile that marked him as having a bright future as a used car salesman. Or a dirty politician. Which he probably was already.
“Yes, I get the feeling she would,” Castiel smirked. Dean huffed a laugh. Obviously the woman had left a strong impression when Castiel met her earlier that morning.
yes, I’m so damn lucky,” Balthazar groans from the other side of the room, hooking his ankles together around Benny’s back. “Come on you great big bear of a man, just like that,
“I know the feeling, kid,” Dean mutters, scrubbing a hand over his face. The boy sniffles, tilting his head with a frown, and again, the gesture is... too familiar for comfort.
Ezekiel moans as Sam cleans off his cock, and expresses regret that he hasn’t tasted anyone’s cum yet. So Lucifer dips his tongue into Sam’s hole one last time, before crawling over and kissing Ezekiel, deep and filthy with both of their cum on his tongue, warmed by the heat of Sam’s body. And the fight for who gets to top Sam next begins all over again…
Doesn’t matter where, or what he’s doing – whether he’s smiling, sticking his tongue out, eating with a mouth full of food, doing the Blue Steel, snuggling into Cas’ sleeping form in bed – just
all I need. With me. Fuck, just hurry home okay?” Dean adds before ending the recording. Along with his inane babbling.
They were head to head in points by the time the 10 second countdown began, and the screaming in the auditorium reached a fevered pitch as the last pancake launched their way. Dean jumped into the air with his pouch held out in perfect position to catch it, but the Meddie jumped just milliseconds after Dean, and the timing knocked him into Dean’s side, throwing Dean off-course. And as Dean went down, air whooshing out of his lungs, he saw the Meddie twist mid-air, the pancake landing squarely in the other player’s pouch.
“Stop,” Castiel growls lowly, turning away. As Dean goes silent behind him, he measures his breaths, willing himself to calm down. He has his strap in the pocket of his pants, and he reaches inside to finger the leather, considering whether to put it on. But as he hears Dean shifting behind him, he remembers that this night is for Dean’s soul, not his own.
Afterwards, as they lay cooling together in the backseat of the Impala, sated and happy, Dean decided that the night was a success. In fact, he started thinking that maybe his whole life had turned out okay too, because he couldn’t imagine things getting any better than this.
They could probably make a fortune off the videos they shoot – Dean jacking himself off, Cas murmuring words of encouragement as he films and jacks off to it, then shoots all over Dean’s come-covered and sated body… Dean sucking Cas off until Cas comes all over his face, and then Dean coming with Cas’ fingers inside him… Dean riding Cas, leaning back and giving Cas and the camera a perfect view of his ass as he impales himself on Cas’ cock… One close-up of Cas’ dick thrusting into Dean from behind… And that one comes in handy pretty quick, because then they watch it while they’re still fucking, and Cas starts thrusting into him at the same time as on the video, and it blows Dean’s mind so hard that when he comes he nearly cracks the screen of Cas’ phone, he’s gripping it so tight.
to boot – Gabriel thinks he’s lost the war. It’s no secret what drag does to him, and seeing Dean all dolled up like that… it’s one of the few times in Gabriel’s life that he’s rendered completely speechless, slack-jawed and instantly hard.
Dean released an audible breath at Castiel’s reply. Crowley raised an eyebrow at Dean’s reaction, but by the time Crowley turned back to Castiel he had that oily leer plastered on his face again, and he politely excused himself.
,” Dean groans. “I must resort to using candles, the handle of my riding crop – anything I can find!”
?” she praised. And even though the compliment was directed at Castiel, Dean found himself flushing in response, agreeing with Moseley completely.
Castiel is horrified. That Dean’s soul has been so thoroughly soiled with the filth of Sadism that he might desire the sin of Sodomy as well? It’s abhorrent. Repellent. Did he think that using Castiel’s rosary
“Hold this,” Castiel orders, shoving the handle of the flogger between Dean’s lips as he reaches for the bottle of wine. Dean obediently bites down on it, his mewls becoming all the more desperate for being gagged, and Castiel finds he simply cannot resist, reaching down to play with the rosary again as he drinks his fill – never too fast, not enough to bring Dean to climax – just enough to prolong his torment.
than his fair share… but he was still essentially a loner. And maybe for that reason he just couldn’t share his classmates’ enthusiasm about Senior year. To be honest, he just wanted to get his diploma like his father insisted and then spend his days under the hood of a car in Uncle Bobby’s garage, instead of steeped in the ridiculous nonsense that was High School.
“Castiel. New guy,” Dean shrugged. Sam’s eyes narrowed at the overly nonchalant gesture, not missing a beat.
Dean pulled him close, leaning in to murmur in his ear, “Seriously, Cas. If it wasn’t for you I would never have been able to handle that class.
“Well, you know,” Dean shrugged, looking away. “Just in case you wanted to ask me to dance,” he muttered.
“I’ll have all the power in the world! What I say is right will be right, and what I say is wrong, will be
Even Frank isn’t excluded, though he pisses and moans the whole time he’s being forcibly dragged onstage. But he sits still long enough to let Samandriel give him a bit of a lapdance – long enough for all the dirty daddies in the crowd to enjoy it as well.
Castiel heaves a weary sigh. Surely God is punishing him. How is he supposed to resist when Dean comes to him
Summary: Welcome to a day of Australian TV programming. Where the only way to survive is to Destiel-ify everything in your poor, cracked, fangirly mind, until your brain farts out ficlets. (References Two and a Half Men, Charmed, Alias, The Bold and The Beautiful, etc)
Dean has had it buried inside himself, this entire time. Has been squeezing and clenching it within his rear, the whole night. Has stuffed himself with the entire length of beads, save for a few – just enough to leave the cross nestled comfortably between his cheeks. And now that he’s parted his legs, it dangles between them, swaying back and forth and glistening in the candlelight with whatever sort of lubrication Dean has used to put them there.
of it was, he wasn’t sure if he was ready to boldly go and pioneer man’s newest – or oldest – whatever – frontier.
. He is a man of the cloth. He should not succumb to such the sins of the flesh. He should be above this. He should be setting an
Castiel nodded slightly as his apology was accepted, but he didn’t turn away or say anything further, and the silence stretched between them awkwardly.
A shocked cry punches out of Castiel at the brief, wet touch. His entire body freezes, hand stopped on his length, flogger hanging limply in mid-swing, eyes wide and unable to do anything but watch as Dean repeats the tease of his tongue, lapping at the arousal weeping from his slit. Then Dean opens his mouth, and sucks.
Pulling himself together, Castiel stands, smoothing his palms down the insides of Dean’s thighs as he steps between them. Dean’s whines become frantic when he feels Castiel lining up against him, thrusting his hips up to try and take him in his hole, still loose and dripping with wine and Castiel’s saliva. But Castiel forces himself to thrust slowly. So slowly. Taking in every agonizing sensation. He wants to remember every moment of this perfect ruination, carry it with him to the fires of Hell and hold it close for the rest of eternity.
Dean hasn’t just lowered his pants, he has removed them completely. He is completely naked, save for his stockinged feet, bent over the altar and
The ever-present pinch of metal against his thigh has been the only distraction from the ever-present sickness of his thoughts. But now, with Dean
Anger rising within him again, Castiel reaches for the cross, grasping it in his hand to yank it out. But as soon as he begins to pull, Dean’s entire body goes taut with a choked off gasp, and Castiel suddenly remembers what happened last time.
“Oh,” Dean replies, somewhat breathily, his cheeks reddening prettily with embarrassment. Again, Castiel finds himself grateful for the lack of powder that would have covered up the sight, and he has to force himself to look away, clearing his throat to break the long silence.
Ezekiel gently cradles Sam’s face as Sam sits on his cock, swallowing Sam’s gasps and cries with his kisses, as Lucifer relentlessly pounds into Sam from behind.
“Yeah, just, you shouldn’t sneak up on a guy like that,” Dean stammered, trying to recover himself while he straightened the food on his tray.
And in the next shaky breath, Cas is standing in front of him in the shower, gently pushing his hair out of his face and whispering, “I’m here.”
Sam swipes his own cum off his chest, fucking it into his cum-filled hole with his fingers, keeping himself stretched and wet and ready for whoever wins the next round… But for now, sated and pleasantly sore from having had both his angels inside him, he’s happy to watch.
“You mean, three days of trying to repress your big gay freakout over that tax accountant guy,” Sam mutters.
He drops the flogger in shock, staring down at himself in dismay. Suddenly, the throbbing between his legs is impossible to ignore, overwhelming and near paralysing.
“I cannot marry Lady Braeden,” Dean continues. “You see, I haven’t been entirely honest with you Father,” he confesses. “The truth is… I’m in love with a man.”
“And now, ever since I’ve learned of de Sade…. I can’t stop thinking about it. I can’t stop thinking about being whipped, and whether it would arouse me. The very thought of it does. Tell me, Father, am I damned? Am I just filth in a man’s body?”
Back in the capital it was, at times, problematic. The confessions he’d heard, the things he’d read… sometimes he had to go to such extremes of purification, it took many days to recover. It was part of the reason why he’d been sent to the countryside, in the hopes that a less stressful environment might improve his health. It has worked so far. He feels well-rested and mentally prepared to help with this particular sort of problem, although he’s never personally administered this kind of treatment to another before.
For some reason I never really got into Sam/Gabriel? So I tried pairing Sam with Balthazar instead for my Fireman/Teachers fic Grace Under Fire. Then someone wanted a scene where Balthazar debauched Sam, and I tried, but failed. For logistical reasons lol. It was a joy writing Balthazar though ;p
He’s been hearing it for a while now - a high, sort of keening sound - far enough away that he doesn’t notice it at first, but it’s slowly been getting louder. Coming closer. And now he can hear it clearly.
Dean strokes his fingers through Castiel’s hair, finding comfort in the simple touch, the warm weight of Castiel’s body against his own, the closeness of it. “How’s Heaven?” he murmurs idly, tracing his fingers down Castiel’s spine.
“Arms up,” he orders, removing the heavy cross above the altar and exposing the large hook used to hang it on the wall. Without a second thought he drops the cross on the remnants of the altar cloth, heaped on the floor, and ties the strips he’s torn off onto the hook. Dean raises his arms, wrists hand just below the hook, and Castiel ties the hanging ends of the strips to them, binding Dean to the wall.
Castiel sighed. “It’s alright, Dean. It’s just… being back here is bringing a lot of old memories to the surface,” he said, voice sounding a little raw. Dean reached up, fingers going to Castiel’s chin to tilt his face up.
As they walked towards the Guidance Office, Dean found himself breathing a bit easier, the other boy’s eyes now turned ahead instead of pinned on him and turning him all kinds of stupid. But although it was a brief reprieve Dean still found himself furtively glancing at Castiel in the hopes of catching his eye again.
Dean laughed. “Speaking of which - Look, Cas! Janitor’s closet!” he said, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Oh,” Dean replied, a pleased flush creeping up his neck. Castiel stopped, turning to face Dean, and as those big blue eyes found him again Dean squirmed under the gaze, flushing all that harder and cursing himself for it.
Suddenly, Castiel realizes - if Dean does not respond to pain as he should, then perhaps Castiel should use pleasure as his tool instead.
Dean freaks out a little when Cas tells him he’s going to Paris for the summer. The trip was planned and booked long before he and Cas got together, and Cas even invites him to come along, but Dean knows he’d never make it through the flight. So instead of owning up to his fear of planes and heights and falling, he tells Cas he can’t afford it, that they’re short staffed at the café to begin with, that he can’t leave Sam on his own – even though Bobby or Ellen would be glad to have his little brother visit for a while.
Castiel didn’t reply, but after a second he peered through his fingers, revealing his eyes, crinkled with mirth. Dean leaned in, pulling Cas’ hands all the way down, and the other man was grinning widely underneath them.
The clench of Sam’s orgasm milks one out of Ezekiel too, and Sam crawls over him, licking him off as well, while Lucifer gets behind Sam and returns the favor, lapping at the come dripping out of Sam’s hole.
“So, Cas… Wanna help me out with English Lit too? I get the feeling Mr. Alastair’s class is gonna be torture…”
When Castiel finally raises his head again, it is to the sight of Dean’s flushed cheeks, lips full and dark around the handle of the Discipline, and eyes so dilated they are almost black under his curling lashes, glistening thick with tears.
But what’s far worse is, with his eyes closed, Castiel doesn’t know Dean has made his way across the floor, crawling closer with much the same thoughts in his mind. Not until he feels Dean’s hands gripping his thighs, bracing himself as leans down to lick at Castiel’s cock.
“Okay, yes, you may manage the office, but you know that’s only because I prefer working the floor!” Dean relented, laughing.
Summary: Read between the emails - Dean's flirting abilities range from highly thoughtful to downright awful.
“Yeah,” Dean muttered, leading them to the table they’d spotted earlier, “But for a minute there I thought you were gonna go Darkseid and join in Crowley’s evil plans for world domination.”
Castiel chokes down another sob, reaching down to press against the cilice. But his aims errs, and he finds himself pressing between his legs instead, palming the aching hardness there.
“Who’s Cas?” Sam asked curiously, hitching his overly large backpack more comfortably on his small frame as they waited outside on the school’s front lawn.
Cas-kitty jumps down onto the seat, nestling into Dean-kitty’s other side and resting his head over Dean-kitty’s shoulders.
Dean was panting by the time Castiel released his lips, his hands fisted in Castiel’s lapels and his body plastered around the other man’s for any available contact.
Castiel smiles again at the report, impressed by Dean’s forethought and dedication. “One drink to calm the nerves will not do any harm,” he replies, pouring Dean a cup from the bottle on the shelf. It is not a bad vintage. Probably not as rich as the wine Dean is accustomed to, but certainly better than the ceremonial wines used for mass.
“Father?” Dean’s voice comes from behind him, scared and uncertain, and Castiel whirls around in rage.
Castiel reaches down into the opening of his pants, unfastening the cilice from his thigh. Its pain has been long forgotten, lost in the pleasures of Dean’s body. Now, he no longer has need of it.
Dean would’ve thought that after ten years, he should’ve been able to be more quiet when he was on the receiving end of a blow job. But it was just the reverse, because even though Castiel had been the inexperienced one when they’d first gotten together, after ten years, he’d had plenty of time to learn
But it’s a whole summer. In Paris. Around museums, and art, and other artists, and a whole world of beautiful things that Dean probably can’t even
“You don’t understand, kid! You never really did! You were only down here for a really short time!” Dean yells. And as he scrambles for purchase, the ground beneath him turns to mud, rivulets of murky water snaking through the grass towards the child.
For Dean’s birthday, a volunteer from the audience lets Gabriel pie him in the face, so Dean can eat it off him while fucking him.
Lucifer comes inside Sam first, so when Ezekiel lays Sam on his back to keep going, Lucifer straddles Sam’s face and makes Sam lick him clean.
“Excuse me.” A familiar-looking intern rushes into the room, bending over the bed to do a vitals check.
“Shhh,” Ezekiel hushes him, before proceeding to kiss and caress every part of his body, gentle and soft. It’s an eternity before Ezekiel finally slides inside him, and by then Sam is a shaking mess, falling apart on the sheets.
Your stories are never “crap”. They just need finesse sometimes. Which is why, I suspect, you come to me for advice. Which I am always happy to give.
“There’s my smile,” Dean murmured. “And Cas… if it makes you feel any better, everytime I was in here, I was thinking about you,” he confessed quietly.
And please remember that the use of the term 'Sadist' here loosely applies to any behavior/practices related to the Marquis de Sade's works. They were only first published in the 18th century, so the term 'masochism' did not exist yet.
“As you wish… Dean,” Castiel says, testing the name carefully on his tongue, and he wonders if the flutter he sees in Dean’s lashes then is just a trick of the candlelight. “Have you… ever been strapped?” he asks.
But when Sam makes him come like a freight-train, all over Dean’s shiny blond wig and pretty pink lips, it sure feels like a win/win for everyone.
with arousal. Dean turns his glazed eyes on Castiel then, gasping to catch his breath and licking his dry,
Dean watches in horror as the black water begins to pool at the kid’s feet, bubbling and oozing outwards at an alarming speed.
The man nods, and then takes Dean’s cigarette right out of his mouth, drops it on the ground and butts it out with his shoe.
He doesn’t go far though. He just props himself up on a pillow, and leans over, filming Cas sleeping peacefully beside him.
“Eat sparingly before you return. And until then, spend the day in prayer. Recite the Our Father. Prepare yourself in mind and spirit so as to better purge the body of its desires.”
is what you dragged me to Vegas for?” Sam bemoans as they enter the Convention Center, pulling one of his best bitchfaces. “The Adult Entertainment Expo?
They have the kind of sex Sam’s never had before. The slow, deep, healing kind, that takes him apart and puts him back together again, whole like he’s never been before. The kind Sam thinks he won’t be able to live without, ever again.
That was what made the decision for Dean as he began carving the ‘t’ in the table. Because being Jack’s father was the most important thing to Cas. He had been willing to give up everything -- Sam and Dean, his life, everything -- to be Jack’s father. He had died for it once already. When Dean finished, he wiped away the shavings around the name. Unthinking, he lightly traced his fingers over the letters.
"Well Sam, let me tell you a secret about women’s hair: as long as you sort out the fringe first don’t worry too much about the rest. Besides, it’ll just get nasty again when you start banging the shit out of your drums."
Castiel bites his tongue, waiting for Dean to continue. There is no joy in Dean’s words, and Castiel senses there is more.
This time was no exception. Except this time it became embarrassing for entirely different reasons. Because just as Dean was ready to go off, the door of the closet slammed open, and the room’s sole lightbulb flicked on, sending its glare all over the things they really shouldn’t have been doing in there. Dean cursed, scrambling to cover himself.
of things he never got to do with Cas that Senior year, thinking their feelings were unrequited - and he was kind of hoping tonight might make up for it in some way. He’d even slow dance if Cas wanted to.
Pairings/Characters: Benny/Dean&Sam, Victor/Dean&Sam, Dean/others, Elliot/everyone, Samandriel/everyone, Gabriel, Garth, Frank, Ion are mentioned but ALL THE MENS work at Tricky's!
But it didn’t get the response he was expecting. Instead, Castiel frowned, hand going to the back of his neck and rubbing it in that way Dean knew meant Cas was uncomfortable about something.
Dean is woken by the sound of curtains being yanked open, the glare of sunlight piercing mercilessly through his closed eyelids. Grabbing the pillow he was sleeping on he covers his face with a pitiful groan.
But as he pulls, Dean throws his head back with a sharp cry, his entire body racked and quaking with the violence of its response. And afterwards, when Dean’s knees buckle underneath him, and he collapses to the floor, Castiel sees the tell-tall ropes of white, dripping off the altar.
? I cannot possibly think to ask her for the kind of things that--” Dean chokes off with a frustrated noise. “Father, can we please try again?”
“So could I,” Benny murmurs softly. And there’s something in Benny’s voice when he says it, something Dean feels in the weight of Benny’s gaze on his face, that sparks something warm and hopeful in his stomach.
- "How many times I gotta tell ya Cas?" Dean pressed the matching cuts on their palms together. "You're family."
Blue-eyed, dark, and handsome has been eyeing him since before he even lit up his cigarette, so Dean’s not surprised when the guy finally walks over.
. And even amidst his consternation, Castiel’s hand stubbornly manages to find a rhythm, enslaved by the sensation. Soon he is dripping his arousal, and it catches on his fingers, wetting the beads and smoothing their glide over his skin. He gasps and groans, throwing his head back and letting the sounds escape past his lips into the air, utterly helpless to stop them.
- Dean trolls the internet as Cas snores away, keeping their bed warm. "What is this Faberry shit?!" Dean mutters. "Get bent!!"
” Dean begins to plead, but the words are ripped from his lungs, whipped through the wind as the grasping edges of the lake begin to suck down everything around it - the grass, the field, the fractured trees and the toppled pieces of the playground, and then finally, the park-benches, one after the other.
“Sonofabitch!” Dean exclaimed, nearly dropping his tray of food as the object of his thoughts for practically the entire morning suddenly appeared beside him from out of nowhere.
, the sound Dean makes then – a strangled, wailing thing that is suddenly loud compared to his gagged whimpers before. He strikes it again, and again, to more sobbing groans, and Dean’s cock becomes even more turgid than before, blood rushing to his length until it is almost purple with it. And when Castiel strikes Dean’s balls, drawn close and tight to his body, Dean’s cock jumps and twitches until Castiel cannot help but strike it
He’s good at it. After all, he has all that practice from when he used to sneak around, covertly taking pictures of Cas at the café – angling his phone discreetly between coffee mugs and cookie jars, hiding it under dishtowels as he walked by to wipe a table or something, not to mention the times he actually brought in his beat up old SLR and hid it under the counter, waiting for opportune moments. He is the
There was no need to speak as Dean opened Castiel up on his fingers. He knew what Castiel liked, knew how to read his reactions, knew when Cas was ready. And as he lined himself up and pushed in, Dean knew what angle Castiel wanted, knew how deep to thrust, and how agonizingly slow he needed to in order to make Castiel tremble and shake in his arms.
A cold dread begins to press on Castiel at the thought of Dean’s leaving, sinking into the pit of his stomach and pressing on his lungs until he can’t seem to catch his breath.
Castiel cries out again, his body coming back to life with frantic movement, back arching and eyes rolling at the warm suction engulfing his member.
It was a bit eerie walking through the halls of their old High School again. Streamers and balloons were strung over everything in sight, the muted throb of music echoed through the corridors, leading them onwards to the Reunion in the gym – and yet the halls seemed strangely silent, empty without the noise and bustle of students roaming the halls. Even though they hadn’t been one of those students for years, being there again made the memories feel fresh, as if they’d been there just yesterday.
It takes another moment for Castiel to shake himself out of his trance, moving to take their cups and leave them on the shelf before turning to the back of the room. Along the wall there, is the small altar Castiel and the other priests use to prepare their vessels and vestments for mass, though at the moment most of its surface has been cleared.
He laughs and laughs, until his laughs turn to sobs. Until his chest begins to ache and tears stream down his face. Until Dean approaches him, carefully, cupping his face in his hands, and leaning down to kiss his lips.
It usually started with Dean getting into the backseat and pulling Cas across his lap to straddle him, their hands frantically tugging at the buttons of each other’s shirts and pants to get them undone. Sometimes, with their pants halfway down their thighs they would use their hands or fingers, or just rub up against each other until they were done. Sometimes they would turn lengthwise across the seat, one of them with their back against the door so the other had space enough to move down and use their mouth.
But as soon as they stepped through the gym doors, what looked like an older Meg Masters stumbled up to them with a drunken swagger, just like she did ten years ago, the night he and Cas finally got together…
. So his only recourse has been to start wearing a cilice – a chain of metal around his skin with prongs turned inward, strapped with enough pressure to cinch the flesh and create constant discomfort. If he moves too quickly or accidentally stumbles into something, the stab of pain teaches a fast, sharp lesson in constant vigilance.
By the time they made it to the gym, Dean had made sure to crack so many bad jokes that Castiel had forgotten his doubts entirely. But when they got to the gym door, Dean found he had to take a deep breath to allay his
“Thank you for seeing me, Father,” he says, forest-green eyes fixed on Castiel with a heaviness that lends to the sincerity of his words, seeming to indicate true gratitude.
My apologies for not replying sooner. I fell ill over the weekend and am only now beginning to recover. Would it be possible for you to wait a few more days until I am well enough to look over your story properly?
But no, it doesn’t end there ladies and gentlemen, because then Sam pulls Gabriel down onto his fours, and makes Gabe take his 9-inch monster cock, while Dean lays himself out on the stage in front of them, pulling his pretty pink panties aside to play with himself.
is already ruined. If it is a sickness that makes Dean this way, then surely Castiel has already been infected.
, and if this kept up Azazel was going to get suspicious. Again. He had only just passed the barrage of psych tests Azazel had ordered him to take after 'supposedly' failing the op to retrieve the Manuscript, and even though he knew he couldn’t just hand the Manuscript over to the wrong hands, he did
“Thanks,” Dean mumbles sleepily, still pouting and squinting against the light as he accepts the steaming mug. Benny’s eyes are full of amused mirth as he hands it over.
“Hey Cas, I got here as soon as I could-- What's wrong?” Dean asked, sensing something off in his handler’s demeanour.
And for once, it’s kind of a good dream. He’s sitting on a park-bench by a playground, there’s an empty bench beside him, and he feels like he might have been here before, but he’s not too sure... The sun is shining just a little too bright, like an overexposed photograph, and it’s all a bit too quiet - no cars, no people, just the slight rustling of a breeze in the trees and the beating of birds’ wings above him. These little hints are what give the dream away, but overall, it’s pretty damn peaceful.
“But seriously, Dean. You never liked going to school, or any of the people in it. Why would you agree to come back here?” Castiel asked softly.
have actually ripped Balthazar’s shirt in half, before no time at all, they were on Balthazar’s bed, naked, hard, and
But Benny takes it like a trooper. Gabe knows Benny isn’t expecting it – that Benny’s somehow gotten it into his head that he’s exempt from the tradition already, since he’s been around so long. So the look on Benny’s face when Sam and Dean jump behind the bar at the end of the night is especially priceless.
“Yes, Father,” Dean responds quickly, hurrying to undo his buttons. Castiel turns his back again, respectfully waiting until Dean is finished. “I’m ready, Father,” Dean says, all too soon.
Castiel tears at the strips of cloth binding Dean to the wall, shredding them in his fists and setting Dean free, though to do so makes him ache with despair. But when he is done, he finds himself still ripping, still clawing, at the cloth of his own robes now, filthy and ruined forevermore. Wrenching the tattered remains from his body, Castiel heaves them into the fire with an anguished roar.
But again, what evil could stand the touch of a holy man? If that is what Castiel is anymore. How can he pretend purity when he has craved the touch of Dean’s skin? Known the pleasure of Dean’s mouth? How can a rosary be sanctified when it has been buried in the depths of Dean’s sinful body? And how can a church be sacred when the very air has been filled with Dean’s pleasured screams?
There is a long moment of silence from the other side of the screen, fraught with hesitation, before the man finally speaks.
“Hey Cas,” he whispers, pausing to clear his throat against his nerves, “I’ve got something I need to tell you, and I know I’m a coward for doing it this way, but it’s the only way I can say this to your face,” he pauses again, taking a deep breath. “I think I’m in love with you. And I think you’re in love with me too, but I don’t know. Maybe it’s just an artist thing, the way you look at me sometimes…” Dean swallows hard. “Whatever. If you don’t feel the same way, and I’m wrong, just don’t say anything okay? I don’t want things to change. Just… let me feel what I do, that’s all I need.
Castiel’s eyes fly wide, startled at the touch. And when he looks down, he sees Dean kneeling before him, head tilted up towards him and lips parted to catch the drops of Castiel’s desire in his mouth – as if receiving the Eucharist during mass.
Again he has to turn away, gulping down great lungfuls of air. He’s grateful he at least had the presence of mind not to rub himself against Dean’s thigh. But it was a near thing.
things – wild, animalistic howls as Dean bucks and rears on the altar, legs kicking and flailing with every strike. And yet, even as the skin of Dean’s entrance begins to turn an angry red, it still gapes and clenches, wanting more.
pleasured. And be it sickness or curse or bewitchment that has made Dean so, it has finally driven Castiel to madness as well, because he simply cannot see the sense in denying Dean any longer.
He only does it when it’s safe though, only when he knows Cas doesn’t need it. Like when Cas falls asleep, or goes to the bathroom, or is distracted with something like grading or sketching. So he only steals it for short amounts of time. It’s more like
Dean Winchester wasn’t a total loser. He got along well enough with his peers, so most of them were friendly enough, and he still got his fair share of dates… well, maybe
The child rubs his fists in his eyes he comes closer, trying to staunch the ceaseless stream of tears, so he shouldn’t have even noticed Dean at all. But the kid walks straight up to him, as if he knew Dean was there all along, and when he finally reaches the park-bench he stops... looks up... and there is just something so completely
Dean breathed a sigh of relief as they neared the school’s main entrance, the noise and music from the gym quickly fading behind them, the cheap balloons and streamers already shrinking and falling off the walls, and Castiel’s whispered promise of something involving a French Maid’s costume ahead of him. But as they rounded the corner to the exit, Dean caught sight of one last monument from their time there.
He stops pulling. Instead, he begins pushing, slowly, carefully, reinserting what little he’s pulled out. And with every bead that disappears inside him, Dean’s body spasms, soft hitching gasps escaping his slack-jawed lips.
Garth on the other hand, gets so drunk, so fast, he practically leaps onto the stage. And instead of letting himself get the VIP treatment, he ends up subjecting them all to his own strip show, to the tune of Bell Biv Devoe’s
“Complicated. As usual,” Castiel sighs. “It helps to keep things in perspective. To have something to keep me… grounded.”
” she slurred upon seeing Castiel, her eyes alighting with a leer, just like the night of that Grad party, right before she’d kissed him.
“I know,” Dean whispers. And there’s a lot of things that means – Thank you, I love you, I’m glad you’re here… Cain had it right the first time. Having someone know
"Yeah, that’s it, clean it all up," Lucifer murmurs as Sam sucks on his cum-covered balls, whispering all the kinds of things he knows will make Sam cum, all over himself, untouched…
“Ugh,” Castiel sighed, flopping face-down onto Dean's chest. “I regret the day I met you, Dean Winchester.”
And then, while Gabriel’s stunned and vulnerable, Sam Winchester sneaks up on him from behind, pulling down his pants to fist his erection, making him moan like a little bitch in front of the entire audience.
lips… dark unruly hair that looked like someone had grabbed their fists into it without any caution to the mess they would have left behind….
Benny barely has time to glare back at him before the Winchesters begin sucking on his nuts, and his knees nearly buckle beneath him.
These moments were rare between them now. Usually they were laughing and joking, even during sex, they’d grown so at ease with themselves and each other. But sometimes, they still had these moments, quiet with reflection, gentleness, and awe, that there was so much love between them, still.
“Oh,” Dean breathed, internally facepalming himself. Real smooth, Dean. “So… I guess I’ll see you around then?” he said, hoping it didn’t sound as overly hopeful as he thought it did.
The first strike is an easy one. When it lands across Dean’s back, he doesn’t even cry out. He only gasps a little bit, his eyes still firmly shut tight.
Another thing Dean still regretted not doing with Cas in High School was taking him up to The Lane in the Impala. Well, it wasn’t so much of a ‘Lane’ as it was a field, really. A quiet, out of the way place where teenagers came to park and “look at the stars.”
“Ooh look! Busty Asian Beauties!” Dean exclaims, catching sight of some aptly named women, and effectively deflecting the topic.
. Anything to remind Cas what he looks like. Anything to remind Cas what’s waiting for him when he comes home.
“Okay,” the child replies, looking down at his feet. He begins to fidget, toeing and kicking at the grass with his shoe.
Back when I was on twitter it seems I posted some drabbles there. Mostly Dean/Cas, one Steve/Tony derp, and... Win-cats??? I don't know. I am not on twitter anymore :s
But when he wakes up the next morning, he finds Cas watching him the way he always does, with that soft smile at the corner of his lips, Cas’ fingers threaded with his own on the pillow, and Dean has a feeling that it’ll be okay.
Dean struggles to hold down his moans, his breaths quick as he bites down on his lip, and Castiel finds himself wanting to sooth his thumb across the abused flesh. But when he finds himself halfway reaching towards Dean’s face, he yanks his hand away, remembering himself and stepping back altogether.
Dean walked briskly through the abandoned warehouse to meet his CIA handler. He was late for his briefing at SN-6,
Castiel sobs, openly now, unable to hold back any longer. If he is doomed to love Dean, to the eternal pits of Hell, then he is going to make damn well sure that Dean forever remembers the man who first took him. He begins thrusting harder, faster, grabbing onto Dean’s hips for desperate purchase. And as his movements become more forceful, Dean begins to thrash in his bonds again, straining to meet Castiel’s thrusts. His moans grow louder, building to a crescendo, until finally, Dean cries out, the Discipline tumbling from his lips as his climax overwhelms him.
him… Castiel is accustomed to the respect and gratitude of his parishioners, the companionship of his brothers and sisters, but never has anyone looked at him with such sheer
Dean ducked out of the way easily, more than accustomed to these scuffles over girls or whatever personality flaw of his that had offended someone in some way in the past. But when he came around to return the blow, the guy was already sprawled on the pavement, Castiel standing over him with a glare that could smite the hosts of Hell.
“Dean?” Castiel tilted his head inquisitively, leaning forward as his blue eyes searched Dean’s face. Dean’s eyes shot down to Castiel’s lips as the other boy moved closer, and he found himself licking his own lips unconsciously as he stared.
Castiel takes a deep breath, clenching his fists until his fingernails pierce into the flesh of his palm, and the pain clears his head of such obscene thoughts. Dean may be young and beautiful, like no other Castiel has seen, but he is still to be treated with respect. Though Samuel may complain of his brother as many younger siblings do, he also loves and esteems his older brother, describing him as a loyal caretaker as well as a clever man, in many ways aside from book-learning, straightforward and true of heart in way that is sadly lacking in the current aristocracy.
Dean could see it in Castiel’s eyes when he came, written all over his face as he clutched Dean’s shoulders and fell apart. And Dean knew it was mirrored in his own eyes as he held onto him, thrusting through it and holding Cas together.
But motivated as he was, by one of his favorite foods of all time, the player from the Medic’s team wasn’t giving an inch. Everytime Dean caught a pancake, the Meddie caught the next, dodging and swerving cane toads with moves that were putting the Firies to shame.
One he should have been prevented from having. And yet, Castiel had underestimated him again. Underestimated the utter responsiveness of Dean’s body, to
Castiel sits in the antechamber behind the main chapel, sipping slowly from a cup of wine as he waits. The other priests have returned to their cottages for the night, so the chapel is empty, silent, save for the low crackling of the fire, keeping the cold country drafts at bay. Castiel picks up the flogger resting across his lap – the Discipline
just to test my recording setup, but I did not expect my bedroom voice to come out so much lol! I'm currently looking for a longer oneshot to do but until then I have a few more drabble podfics
“Mmmm,” Dean moans appreciatively, nodding. Dean doesn’t know how Benny does it, but even his coffee is some kind of culinary masterpiece. And it’s ten times better served in bed, the morning after a solid night of… well. “I could get used to waking up like this,” Dean sighs happily.
“Okayyy…” Dean drew in a breath, trying to regain his composure enough to attempt speaking properly. “You’re new, huh?” he huffed out, unable to come up with anything other than the obvious.
Afterwards, Castiel’s body falls lax, like a puppet with its strings cut, and all he can do is lay there in a heap on the cold stone ground, watching the sight before him.
But instead of Dean’s cries becoming louder, as Castiel expected they would, they begin to lessen, until they are nothing more than breathy gasps in between the words of the familiar prayer.
?!” Dean exclaimed, gesturing wildly with his hands. Castiel huffed out a laugh, sounding amused and exasperated at the same time.
“Yes, ma’am,” Castiel replied, tugging Dean out of the small room. Cas stopped at the door, though, to give the older woman a hug.
Castiel blinks in surprise at the voice that comes through the woven screen of his Confessional. There are few houses of wealth in the surrounding provinces, and of those, most that visit their small chapel are women. But this is a voice Castiel hasn’t heard before – deep, and rough around the edges, as many in the country are – but still too cultured to be anything other than aristocracy. Castiel tries not to reveal his surprise as he recites his blessing.
But eventually, the pulsing in his ears ebbs away, and he feels the familiar concrete of Bobby’s garage grounding him, the cool steel of the Impala at his back.
“Then I will expect your return after supper,” Castiel instructs. “I will wait for you in the antechamber.”
His old tools are no longer of any use. The Discipline, the strap, his rosary, even prayer itself bears no respite, his thoughts entirely consumed with
Warnings: borderline wincest but that's not the intention, public sex, exhibitionism, voyeurism, bondage, spanking, age difference, food!kink, come play, completely unsanitary and unrealistic bar room practices etc.
“Hey Dean, I just want to thank you again for letting move in here with you. I swear it’s only temporary, just until I get back on my feet.”
Castiel remains silent for another long moment, weighing the words. “I’ll always watch over you,” he finally replies.
Castiel cannot withstand the onslaught – the euphoria of Dean’s moans filling his ears, the writhing grasp of Dean’s body on his cock, the sheer, shocked ecstasy in Dean’s eyes – it breaks him apart, completely, thoroughly, helplessly, endlessly, spilling every last drop of himself as he cries out Dean’s name.
like compromising his position as a double agent. His work was too important, his intel too critical to the CIA’s efforts in bringing down Azazel’s entire operation.
“What are you going to do, expel us?” Cas smirked, linking his hand with Dean's, and Dean’s jaw dropped at the other man’s audacity.
Sam is lame. He takes the night off to stay home and read. So Gabe punishes him the next night by making him dance to Asia’s
“One moment,” Castiel answers, leaving the Discipline on the chair as he stands to open the door. He doesn’t know what kind of man he expects to meet on the other side. Something of a brute maybe, from the tales young Samuel had shared with him – plain and oafish, for all their family’s good breeding.
“Ow!” Castiel yelped in surprise. He poked Dean in the ribs in retaliation, right where he knew Dean was ticklish, and before long they were wrestling in the backseat, giggling like a couple of kids.
“Look, kid,” Dean sighed as he shifted into gear. “This is - this is something we’ve never dealt with before. I mean, this is God, Jack. He’s -- he’s in his own league.”
Addressing Chuck, who remained splayed out on the ground, Sam said, “Then I think it's the ending where you're just like us and like all the other humans you forgot about.” Pride and gratitude swelled within Dean. He had no idea if his brother had wanted this ending from the get-go, but here they were, and he was standing by Dean’s decision. More than that, he understood why Dean made it. Perhaps not who influenced it—Cas’ final goodbye still tucked safely away in Dean’s memory—but the reason behind it.
Dean wanted to feel like screaming, to feel like punching something or breaking it. Instead, he felt a long, aching, emptiness take hold of him. A seed had been planted the moment Billie had trapped his heart in her hand and squeezed. Now it consumed him.
“Oh.” And that was the tone Jack took when he actually understood the significance of what was being said. Or, in this case, offered. Dean had never been much of one for words. He’d always believed that his emotions needed to be shelved for other people, so he didn’t get much experience really expressing them until after Hell had left him raw, bleeding. Still, it came in half measures and stumbled sentences that didn’t make any sense (or, often, were the opposite of his intention). But he was good with actions. Good with pats on the back or gripping a shoulder or whatever else it may be. He knew how to talk with his body better than he knew how to talk with his mouth.
. “Ah, yes. Thank you. Her perspective was skewed. How fascinating that they could believe my true vessel capable of such corruption. No. Dean Winchester, you did not corrupt him, but rather broke him free of the restraints they had bound him with. He was not lost, but rather found.
As he moved to close the door, he noticed a small grey cloud start to envelop Miracle, and in a breath, the dog disappeared completely. Immediately, his heart started pounding as the adrenaline rushed through him. The panic. A flicker of movement in the distance caught his eye, and there was Chuck. Far enough away that Dean would never consider trying to go after him, but close enough to say,
Stepping into the empty space between the only other two people left on the Earth, Dean started towards the door. As he approached, Jack turned around and led them out, Sam following a small distance behind Dean.
“No.” Dean’s voice was scratchy, and he knew he needed to take back control of himself. Now was the time to let reality take hold of him. To shift his grief to the back of his mind and focus on fixing the big picture. Save the whole world, not just his.
“Fascinating,” Lucifer whispered. The word drew Dean’s attention, and he felt a flicker of satisfaction at having his thoughts confirmed. The Empty didn’t bring Lucifer back to kill Chuck; Chuck brought him back to manipulate them all into getting Death’s book. Not that it mattered at this point.
As Jack powered up, his eyes glowed. Closing the gap between him and his grandfather, Jack reached out, as if to cradle Chuck’s head. Instead, Jack absorbed his energy, and he collapsed.  Jack, using his newly found powers, snapped his fingers to heal Sam and Dean. Dean moved to stand beside Jack, looking down at Chuck as Sam went to pick up the Death book.
“I’m feeling. . . odd. Almost like I can still feel my father’s presence. But it’s here,” he said, tapping his chest, “Inside me.”
“Hey, Jack.” Chuck approached his grandson and snapped his fingers once. When nothing happened, he tried again. And again. And again and again, each successive attempt quicker than the last. Nothing happened.
Steady on his feet for the first time since the night the Empty took Cas, Dean approached a cowering Chuck and said, “Sorry, Chuck.” Standing up, he started moving back to the car. He’d never been more grateful for the faith that Sam and Jack had in him as they followed behind him, leaving Chuck alone and unharmed on the ground.
Cas. Cas knew faith and loyalty and dedication. Of course, he knew those things. He knew devotion. That was what God had created him for. But love? That was -- that was different. Wasn’t it?
“’And, thus, it will be—'” Lucifer snaped his fingers and Betty screamed. Her body turned first to rock, and then to dust. The still open book flew across the room into Lucifer’s waiting hands. He held it open against his chest, refusing to let it close and start the whole process over again.
Still, he was clearly trying to get Chuck angry enough to get his hands dirty. Dean wasn’t so sure it would work, considering Chuck hadn’t gotten his hands dirty since basically the beginning of time.
“Yeah. I guess Chuck didn't get everything. I mean, maybe there's people he missed, you know? Look, either way, this guy's coming home with us.” No way was he going to abandon the only other living creature on the planet.
Dean wondered if there would ever be a being in this universe that he looked at with such reverence. He’d never been impressed by the angels. Never been impressed by Chuck. Sure, they had superpowers, but what did that matter? Dean’s .45 and his give ‘em hell attitude had gotten him this far. For so much of his life, he’d placed his father on that pedestal – a god in his own right, untouchable. It had taken so long for Dean to realize just how fragile that pedestal was. Putting someone else upon its shattered remains would be useless.
So, these places they stayed on their hunts became more like what they were supposed to be – a place to stop and rest before going home. Transient. If they took a case that lasted more than a couple of days, the longing would settle in, and the itch to get back in Baby and go home would get stronger and stronger. He stopped searching out cases unless he needed a distraction. Sometimes Sam would search them out or Jody would pass one along. But mostly, Dean stopped looking for trouble and waited until it fell on him and he had to fix another world ending crisis or one of his own fuck ups.
Part of him hated himself for doing this -- drowning his grief in alcohol -- because he wanted to be past following in his father’s footsteps. He’d spent so much of his time being “daddy’s blunt little instrument” and seeing his dad again had made him realize that he wanted to be a better man than that.
Dean sighed and sat down on Sam’s bed. Running a hand over his face, he said, “There was nothing else, Jack.”
“Gone. I'm sorry to say. Exterminated by my father, like everyone else.” There was a tinge of bitterness to his voice. Dean wondered briefly how the two had carried on, what sort of relationship existed between a twice occupied body when the more powerful had no desire to destroy the lesser and no need to retain control. How they may have searched for balance. How their imprisonment in the cage changed everything.
The desire had flitted in and out of his thoughts since, but in the last two or three years, it had taken up permanent residence in his heart. He wanted to be done. He wanted him and Sam and Cas on a beach somewhere drinking girly drinks with umbrellas in them. Jack, too, once Dean had come round to the idea of having the kid around. And he had decided, once they were done with God, once they beat that hurdle, that he was calling it quits. He’d paid more than his fair share of dues and he was done.
“Jack, I’m sorry.” ** There was nothing else to say. Dean couldn’t even look the kid in the eye, wasn’t sure he would ever be able to. He walked away without another word.
Cas had told Dean he was. And he didsn’t want to make Cas’ final words a lie. Because Cas knew him better than anyone ever had. He had rebuilt Dean from nothing, had seen Dean in Hell and known every horror he committed. Cas had seen Dean at every possible ‘worst’ a person could have. Still, Cas believed Dean to be a good, loving man. The most loving. And Cas knew everything about him.
“The spell. There's a spell. It has to be done at a particular place...at an exact angle from the sun. But it will release an unstoppable force that will find Chuck...and finish him.”**
. He could practically feel the bloody handprint on his shoulder burning through to where its predecessor had settled on his skin long ago. Cas had erased the scar in the intervening years, a moment Dean couldn’t even remember now. He had never stopped feeling it, though no visible sign of its existence lingered.
Focusing on his exhaustion rather than the assurance that Michael had either just contacted Chuck or intended to, Dean said, “I hope so. He's been in there a long time. Oh. Why don't you ask him yourself.” He hadn’t slept in basically a week – it wasn’t difficult.
“When the rapture first began, I took refuge here. It is St. Michael’s; you may have noticed.” Michael said as he approached them, making it only halfway down the aisle before stopping.
“In there or very nearby. Guys, I have no idea what we're walking into,” Jack said as the thunder and lightning got louder and brighter. They had made it this far; it didn’t make sense to turn back now. The three slowly made their way into the church. The doors opened easily. Quietly, they began making their way through the nave towards the sanctuary.
The sun was still out by the time they got back, just past seven. Sam went straight to his room. Dean would have told him to eat dinner, but that would mean forcing the same on himself. He’d barely managed to choke down a protein bar in the car. Heading straight for the mini fridge of beer, Dean had a brief moment where he wondered if he could starve to death, if he could drink himself to death. Of course, Chuck would never let that happen. Dean would suffer from it, live just on the brink of death, but Chuck would never let him die. He wanted them all to suffer endlessly.
“And that's what to believe in. Well... I'm really as close as this,” Jack said, placing a hand over his heart. With a final, “Goodbye,” Jack waved and walked away. Dean watched him disappear into nothing with a heart full of grief. He hadn’t thought there was more room for it, but it certainly wasn’t the first time he’d been wrong.
“Wait. What happened? What's wrong?” Dean asked, trying not to overdo it. He knew what happened. He turned around and there Chuck was, standing beside the lake.  With a wave of his hand, Chuck sent Dean and Sam flying across the sand. With another, Jack was thrown the opposite direction.
“What, are you, uh...doing some reading?” Sam said, acknowledging the open books spread before them.
Dean drew a hand down his chin as he fought to control the thoughts coursing through his head. He was Cas’ kid. Of course, Jack was family. Of course, he was. As Dean thought back over his actions and his words from the last few days – months even – he wondered just how much had been his own anger and fear controlling him and how much had been Chuck’s machinations. In truth, it didn’t matter. Because he knew at least part of it was him, and that was enough. He needed to fix this. But how?
You do what you do because Dad said so. You do what you do because it’s the right thing to do. They are one and the same, but how much easier the world was to navigate when you could approach them as different things. How much easier the world was because everyone believed there was a distinction somewhere along the line.
A few hours later, Michael re-entered the library. Jack was looking at a laptop in the middle of the room while Dean sat further away reading a book on angels. It wasn’t anything that would help them now, but plausible deniability was important. He had already read this particular book a few years ago anyways. Michael didn’t ask about what they were working on specifically as he grabbed a book at random and approached Dean.
As though the conversation with Chuck had flipped a switch between them, Sam was now restless with angry energy. The way his emotions were prowling around the room left Dean feeling like prey. Eventually, Dean told him, “Take a walk, Sam.” The slam of the exit door was enough to draw Jack’s attention from the thread he was unraveling.
“Who cares what we call him? Look, all that matters is he got us back online,” Dean replied. He was trying to ignore the awe in his brother’s eyes as he looked at Jack. Not because Jack was Dean’s kind of awesome, but because he was Sam’s. Dean knew in his heart that how Sam saw Jack now would forever be changed. He wasn’t just their kid any more to Sam; he was the new God. And Sam, who had long ago revered God, who had long ago believed in a true and just and good God, was now looking at someone who had all the potential to meet those old standards.
“I understand, Dean.” And that was definitely the tone Jack used when he thought he understood, but really did not. It was cowardly, but Dean let the rest of his stupid speech die on his tongue. Giving a sharp nod, he stepped out of the Impala. A moment later Sam and Jack joined him on the sidewalk.
“Yeah.” The word cracked. Clearing his throat, Dean said, “Yeah. It’s, uh, missing someone.” With more care than he put into carving his own initials, Dean began carving Cas’ name. As he neared the end of the ‘s’ he wondered whether he should stop. Cas was Cas. But he wasn’t just Cas. Dean was the one who named him Cas, and he had accepted it. But that didn’t mean that was how he saw himself, did it? He was Castiel, Angel of the Lord. That was how he introduced himself. That was even how Dean had introduced him to Mary. Sam still called him Castiel on occasion. And Jack. To Jack he was ‘my father, Castiel.’
“Father, no. That was a lapse of judgment, I admit, but I swear I...” Michael replied, panicking. He seemed to know what was coming now.
But here he was, just as scared and lonely and empty as he had been as a child, staring up at the big buildings while his dad disappeared and left him to take care of Sammy. His feet felt like they had been filled with the lead in his heart as he stood outside this dingy hotel, waiting for Sammy to return.
“No, you're not our ‘pal,’” Sam replied from where he was standing at the bottom of the staircase. That was the understatement of the millennium. Dean’s heart was still racing and at this point, he had no idea if it was from the hope of having Cas back, the exertion of coming to get him, or the shock at finding Lucifer instead. He willed it to slow, knowing that he needed to be in the best frame of mind possible right now.
“Sorry. It's slow going. But I think I was able to piece it together,” Sam said as he came into the library.
Miracle jumped into the back seat, and for the first time in his life, Dean wanted to gather a dog up in his arms and hold on to him. Instead, he settled for a few face scritches. “Hey. Come here. You know, believe it or not, you're the best thing that's happened in the last few days. Yeah, you are. Good boy.” **The blossom of hope in his chest just kept growing as he stood back up. If Miracle was out there, then maybe they really weren’t the only people left on Earth. Maybe they did give up too easily.
“When God left Heaven, I was certain of his return. So, I made sure all of the angels and prophets burnished his image on Earth. The all-knowing, all-seeing, all-caring God,” Michael said as the thunder kept rolling.
Night had fallen by the time he was calm enough to explain what happened to Sam. With Jack asleep in the backseat, Dean briefly explained, finishing with, **“Unbelievable. Can't even save a fucking dog.
“I just don’t know what to do next. You’re all Winchesters, but I’m not. I’m a Kline. But, also not.”
“Who is she?” Dean demanded. Why the hell would she be a token of good faith? Especially if she were dangerous enough to need binding?
The phone buzzed again beside him. It wasn’t until he heard the echo of the vibration that Dean realized he was sobbing. Hearing the sounds intermingled and suddenly he could feel it. The tears racing down his face. His chest heaving. His body choking on its own grief.
“And those answers will be in each of them. Maybe not today, but... someday. People don't need to pray to me or to sacrifice to me. They just need to know that I'm already a part of them and to trust in that. I won't be hands on. Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake. But I learned from you and my mother and Castiel that... when people have to be their best... they can be.” And wasn’t that the kicker? Castiel had believed in Dean until the very end. He had taught Jack to believe in humanity the same way. So how could Dean ask him to ignore that? How could Dean be that selfish? He swallowed as he looked away, trying not to let the memory of Cas sweep away this final moment with his son.
“Dean?” Jack’s voice was unexpectedly close. Turning around, a beer in hand, Dean saw him just across the table.
“Poor bastard never caught a break,” Dean said. Adam was another reason he tried to keep the past in the past. He had so many regrets in his life, but Adam was one of the biggest. It was because of Dean he became Michael’s vessel in the first place, because of Dean he was left to rot in the cage, on several occasions. The first, of course. Then when Death had offered to save a soul and Dean chose Sam. Then every time over the last few years when they had dealt the cage and only chose to think about Lucifer.
“You said Cas summoned the Empty to save you?” Dean managed to jerk his head once. “And you’re still here. He died for you.”
“Dean, I'm not coming back home. In a way... I'm already there.” Jack’s words cut through Dean’s heart harder than he ever could have imagined. They had come so far, and now Jack was going to leave them? Dean had already suffered through – he couldn’t lose their kid, too.
“Are you hiding out from your dad?” Dean asked. It seemed the only reasonable explanation. Who else would Michael have need to take refuge from?
It wasn’t quite in line with what they had discussed in the car, but Dean wasn’t going to say anything. He understood the need to believe you did what you did because it was right, not just because your father said so. It was so much easier to believe that they were one and the same so that each might become an excuse for the other.
Instead, he turned on the radio to some nonsense station, ignoring Sam’s look as he climbed into the Impala.
“It's a hell of a time to bail. You got a lot of people counting on you, people with questions. They're gonna need answers.” Dean tried not to let his fear, his sadness turn to anger. It didn’t work.
Every single one was empty. There were no bodies, human or otherwise. No blood. Nothing. As if every living creature but Dean had never existed. Slowly, as he pressed on, the cars began to disappear entirely as though Chuck was clearing his path. Dean never saw one actually vanish, but there were fewer and fewer cars lining the blacktop the closer he got to Hastings.
“Yeah, this is what Pop wanted to get his hands on. Hmm. Did I say that out loud? Yeah, Pop was the one who let me out of the Empty. I'm sort of the new favorite now. What did Dad say about you? Oh, yeah! "Mikey's a cuck." You're a cuck.” Dean and Sam moved towards him, but Lucifer waved his hand and slammed them back against the bookshelves.
Dean barely understood what had happened. Death had been pounding on the door, and Dean had known -- he had known – that Billie would break the door down and make him watch as she killed Cas. She wanted Dean to suffer first, to know that he was responsible for the death of everyone he loved. Then, and only then, would she kill Dean.
“Uh... yeah, not so much. Um, after Pop nutted out and murdered pretty much everyone in the world, the Empty booted me with orders to find the missing God Book and use it on Chuck.” Dean finally unstuck his feet and made his way to stand beside Sam as Lucifer continued, “Uh, normally, I'm not very good at following orders, as you guys know, but, uh, you do not want to mess with the Empty, man. Total ‘B,’ especially after Jack blew up all over her, and she killed Death. I mean, guys, never a dull moment. But that's the past. What's up?! We're a team again, guys,” Lucifer said.
As they returned to Jack’s side, Dean saw Miracle running around. That would be enough for now. He could focus on the hope right now. The rest could be dealt with tomorrow.
“And no one cares. And no one remembers you. You're just forgotten.” With his normal dramatic flare, Sam turned away from Chuck. Dean and Jack followed his lead, ignoring Chuck’s pleas as they got in the Impala and drove away. Dean could hear the words echo for just a moment before they were lost to the roar of the engine and the whip of the wind.
Dean found himself more annoyed at having to deal with a dead body than anything else. “Wow! Really?! Great.”
His phone was buzzing. And buzzing. And buzzing. Hands shaking, he managed to pull it out. Sam’s name flashed across the screen as it buzzed again. Dean knew he should answer. Knew that whatever Sam had to say was important.
If Sam had been the one standing here, asking that question, Dean would have told him the same thing he said before. Because Sam – it wasn’t for Sam. Sam didn’t need to know about the deal, didn’t need to know that – well. That wasn’t for Sam. He knew that Cas sacrificed himself to save Dean, and that was enough. But Jack deserved to know at least a little more. He needed to know that Cas didn’t abandon them for no reason, that Cas chose his happiness. He chose his moment to go. And if anyone deserved to know how much of a disappointment Dean was in Cas’ final moments—how Dean could have, should have said something but instead let Cas die without knowing the truth—it was Jack. When he opened his mouth to speak, though, different words fall out.
“Did you know? About the deal he made?” The words slipped past his lips before he even registered they had crossed his mind. Instead of the anger, the hardness he would have expected, the words were quiet, soft. Because it didn’t really matter what the answer was, not now. It didn’t matter if Jack knew about the deal because Jack could never have known what Cas felt, could never have known what would make Cas that happy, could never have known that Cas would choose the happiness to call the Empty.
“And?” Sam asked. Dean didn’t really care about the answer. Michael had clearly given up, much the same as they had. What was the point in discussing the perception humanity had of a creator that had since disintegrated them?
And wasn’t that the point? Wasn’t that why they were Chuck’s favorites? Because they always fucked up his plans. And for a while, that was entertaining for him. He enjoyed that they messed up his plans, gave him something new to plot out. For Chuck, they fucked it up when they won and they fucked it up when they lost, but they still fucked it up. And now. Now Chuck was done. He’d grown tired of playing with toys that did not obey. Like a petulant child throwing a temper tantrum, he now only sought to punish the those who upset him. No matter the cost to everything else.
Michael sighed, clearly exasperated. “You were meant to be my sword, as your brother was for mine. Every part of your lives made you into our perfect vessels. Your brother was given demon blood to prepare his body to hold Lucifer. And you? Your body was stitched together with the grace of an angel that it might hold me.
The outline of a plan came together quickly, and Dean was sent off to talk to Michael while Sam pretended to ‘translate’ the book.
He glanced down at the table in front of him and saw three sets of initials carved into the wood. Without a second thought, he reached for the knife he kept in his back pocket. The memory of Cas fishing it out of struck him the moment he realized the pocket was empty. The knife was still on a shelf, blade red with Cas’ blood.
Driving back to the bunker took no time at all, the roads clear and empty. Sam was driving Eileen’s car, and Jack was laying down in the back seat of the Impala, practically an invisible passenger. No sounds of snoring, of breathing. No body visible to remind Dean he was not alone. The radio was dead, and Dean flicked it over to the tape deck searching for some sort of distraction. He’d forgotten what tape had been in it. A heartbeat passed as the first notes of Stairway to Heaven played. Punching the eject button so hard he felt like he broke his finger, Dean wondered if he would ever be able to listen to his favorite band again. Driving back to the bunker took forever, the cold silence eating away at him.
As soon as they arrived back at the bunker, Sam was on his feet, a sense of urgency pushing him into the bunker before everyone else. By the time the rest of them made it to the war room, Sam had disappeared down the hall. A moment later, he came back into the room calling out, ** “Alright, Michael. Here's the book we've been telling you about.”
With the gas tank refueling—and thoughts of living forever in isolation and not dying simply because Chuck didn’t want him to tucked into the overstuffed box labeled “Things not to think about,”—Dean made his way to the bathroom. As he neared, he heard a soft whimper. Turning around, he saw a fluffy dog. The shock drove him to his knees.
Finally, finally, Jack nodded at them. Sam helped pull Dean to his feet one last time, both of them grinning with the knowledge that Chuck was done for.
“Yeah, no. I mean, I appreciate the white flag, but, frankly, it's too little, too late. I'm kind of enjoying this story now,” Chuck replied, uncaring. It shouldn’t have surprised Dean, given how little Chuck had ever cared about this universe. About any universe. And suddenly, overwhelmingly, the tides coursing through Dean were gone.
He dropped it on the table with a loud thud. Michael moved towards it, surprise in his voice as he said,  “That's one of Death's books.”
. Did they not at least deserve a minute to process what the hell was going on? Lucifer showed up, out of fucking nowhere, pretending to be Cas. Then, he brought in some random woman and literally murdered her in front of them. Dean wasn’t stupid, but fuck. They basically traversed the entirety of human emotion in the span of about two minutes.
“Uh, I wouldn't exactly say ‘trust,’” Dean said. Dean was certain, now more than ever, that Lucifer was not here to help them. He had to have been sent by Chuck. And he clearly was trying to get out what the book said about Chuck’s ending.
“What kind of an ending is this?” Chuck demanded. Ignoring his fury, they continued towards the Impala. Dean looked at the dust it was covered in and reminded himself it needed a good cleaning when they got home. He’d wash her twice over, three times if need be.
Wiping his hands as if to remove a fleck of dirt, Chuck turned to look at Sam and Dean. “And you two. You know, eternal suffering sounds good on paper, but as a viewing experience, it's just kind of... eh. So we're done. I'm canceling your show.”
Before Dean could suggest they get on the road, Sam announced that would need to get a few things on the way. But first, he demanded, they needed to sleep. Didn’t want to fight Chuck with an even greater disadvantage.
“Daddy's boy,” Dean said, even as the memories of his own actions rolled through his mind like the thunder. How desperate he had been to make himself in his own father’s image. The music. The car. Hell, even the jacket. The day his father had given it to him had been the greatest moment in his life – as though it were physical evidence of his father’s approval. And, once John disappeared, how he had done everything in his power to follow in his father’s footsteps – to be the man John wanted him to be. To keep worshiping the ground he walked on, despite everything he had done to Dean, to Sam.
Jack left him in silence. It didn’t take long for Dean to return to the beer on the table. Then the rest in the fridge. The whiskey when the beer ran out. The scotch.
“Yes. He sent Lucifer. Brought him back from the dead. He didn't even reach out to me.” The sadness in Michaels’s voice told Dean that Michael at least was going to play his part very well.
Dean watched through the window as Jack finally made his way to the entrance of the bar. He and Sam shared a confused glance after watching the plants outside wither and die as Jack walked past them. Not knowing what it meant, Dean turned and poured himself a glass of beer. It was a miracle his hands weren’t shaking. He was running on frayed nerves and desperation. He could still feel Billie’s hand clench around his heart with every beat. There wasn’t really much room left in him for new surprises. So as long as Jack’s thing was something he could ignore, he was going to.
“Look out.” Dean groaned as he woke. Groggily rubbing his eyes to ease the pounding in his head, he sat up.
**“Hey,” Dean said, pointing out the TV airing an empty football field to Sam, “It brings a whole new meaning to the term ‘sudden death.’” As though some sort of dark humor was going to be the thing that lifted them out of this.
** As soon as they reentered the library where the others had gathered, Michael demanded, “Are you seriously thinking about trusting him?”
“Mm. Yeah. Alright, team. I don't want to bring ants to your picnic, but that ain't gonna cut it. Okay, think about it. If the Empty pulled me off the bench, it's 'cause the Winchester charm ain't enough, right?” Despite knowing that was exactly what Lucifer intended, his constant movement set Dean’s teeth on edge.  “And I did anticipate a little bit of pushback, so I did bring a token of good faith. Voilà,” Lucifer finished with attempt at a flourish. A woman in bindings appeared before them.
Still, reality was lingering off in a corner, just enough to remind him it was there but not enough to grab all of his attention. Because, in truth, the devastation of the rest of the planet was something he could put on hold for the moment. He could wait until he was with his brother, wait until it needed to be the most pressing thing. Instead, those last moments were still playing in his head. He knew his face would be red and his voice raw when he found Sam and Jack. But, for probably the first time in his life, he didn’t care. He just let the tears wash over him.
Trying not to let Jack see his hands shake, Dean said, “I-Hang on. Wait here.” He moved quickly to his bedroom where he kept a spare pocketknife. Jack tilted his head in confusion as Dean lifted the knife in victory when he returned.
“You know, with Chuck not writing our story anymore, we get to write our own. You know, just you and me going wherever the story takes us. Just us,” Sam said.
“Right.” Dean heard Sam take a deep breath through the phone before he continued, “Focus. Hastings. Meet us here.” The click signaling the end of the call came before Dean could say another word. He hadn’t even told Sam about Cas. How could – how would he tell Sam?
“As far as we know, only Death can open it. But, um...we're hoping, uh...maybe you can, too.” Sam said, hope bright in his voice. Dean glared at him. There was no ‘we’ in the situation. Dean didn’t think for a moment that Michael would be able to read the book when God himself could not.
“Dean, do you think we’re it? All that’s left?” Sam asked as Dean turned his attention to the spout still pouring beer. He pulled on the handle, turning it off.
“Wow. Look at that. I mean, she's got the whole Death starter kit going with the decoder ring. Isn't that awesome? And that, whatever that is. Yeah. I'm good, right?” Lucifer was way too excited for Dean’s taste.
“You're dead,” Dean said from his position by the door. He couldn’t convince his feet to move. This was exactly the kind of cruelty that Dean should have expected from Chuck.
The door to the Impala squeaked as Dean let it fall shut behind him. He wandered into the middle of the crossroads. These streets were just as empty as the ones had he taken to get here. A few parked cars were littered about the sidelines, and one was crashed into the pole. But no breath, no life.
**“Everyone’s gone,” Sam remarked. He and Jack must have encountered the same. “You see anybody on the way here?”
Before Dean could move much further, Lucifer turned towards his son, “So... buddy...you're gonna have to make a decision now. Uh, dump the losers and join Gramps and me on the winning team. Of course, this is the only way you're getting out of here alive, 'cause you're not strong enough to fight me now, so... What do you say, kid? What do you say? Come on. Somebody's behind me?” The energy in the room shifted as Lucifer powered up. Turning around, Dean could see the red of his eyes as he addressed Michael, “You don't learn.”
“Not this time, kid. Chuck’s the only player on the board. He’s got all the juice. We’ve just got us.”
“Okay, be honest with me, please. Would you have let me in if I said it was really me?” Lucifer asked.
The sound of a throat clearing drew all of their attention to the archway where Betty now stood with the book in her hands. “Asshats. I have opened the book.”
“Because,” Sam said, nodding at where Jack stood behind Chuck, “You lose.” If Chuck had been human, he would have fallen over with how quickly he whipped around.
“That was then. This is now. Tell me what you need me to do,” Michael said.** Dean isn’t so sure. Still. Michael is their only shot at maybe fixing this whole mess.
Opening the door to the fridge, Dean pulled out a couple of beers. Sam, he expected, wasn’t too far behind him. A twist of his wrist popped off the bottle caps. By the time he made it back to the doorway, Sam was standing in it.  With an unspoken consensus, they sat down on either side of the doorway.
“Cas?” Dean answered the phone instead of responding to Sam, certain the confusion and disbelief were pouring off of him in waves.
“I don’t understand.” Jack tilted his head in the same confused way that Cas always did, his expression a mirror image. It was a punch to the gut. Dean was being held together by Elmer’s glue and Silly String, but Jack deserved to know. And even if Dean couldn’t manage to give him the details right now, the why mattered. Jack needed to know that.
Dean’s heart stuttered. It didn’t matter that he already knew that – the confirmation was gut wrenching. He was too worn out to bother hiding the pain from his face. He refused to look in the rearview mirror, though, and see what was written on Michael’s face. Pity? Disgust? Laughter? No. That would be unbearable. Dean had already spent the last twelve years thinking himself a fool, knowing the angels thought the same of him. But this? With the knowledge of Cas’ last actions –
After a few moments of standing around, Sam prayed to Chuck to call him. Dean perched on the hood of the Impala. He may not be able to feel her engine purring, but the Impala’s curves beneath him still brought him some much-needed comfort.
Jack couldn’t really understand how so much of what Dean and Sam accomplished had been because of the support of other people. They killed Yellow Eyes because of Bobby and Ellen and Jo. Stopped the Devil with them and Cas, too. They had Bobby and Cas and Kevin to help with the Leviathan. More often than not, when it was just one or the both of them, they fucked everything up. Dean started the Apocalypse. Sam drank demon blood, for fuck’s sake, and set Lucifer free. Closing the gates of hell? Dean refused to let his brother die to save the world. Any time – every time – it was just the two of them dealing with the big shit, they fucked it up.
Slowly, when Sam had finally put away his phone, they all started making their way down the street. Not far down, Dean and Sam walked into a bar. When Jack remained outside, Dean didn’t press. There was no need to rush the kid through his grief. Dean wasn’t sure he’d be able to put this one aside and deal with the rest of the world disappearing himself.
was outside the bunker. And he was hurt. Cas was alive, waiting outside the bunker for Dean to let him in. Dean wasn’t sure he even managed to take a breath before he was on his feet and sprinting to the door. He almost felt like he was flying as he took the stairs two or three at a time. Cas was alive. Cas was
Dean briefly glanced in the mirror as he wondered if Michael was reading his thoughts and allowing him these moments. A quick quirk of the lips told Dean all he needed to know.
“Mikey, Mikey, come on, man. I get the bitterness. For all you did for the old man, you got no better from him than me. The son voted Most Likely to Suck, and that sucks,” Lucifer taunted.
“So we had to come up with a plan ‘B.’ That wasn't too hard, though, when we realized that Michael really is a daddy's boy. See, he didn't take it too well when he found out that you asked Lucifer for help. Oh, he was desperate to be the favorite again,” Dean told him. This was the first time Dean had ever been glad that Chuck intended he be Michael’s sword. He knew what Michael was going to do because, once upon a time, Dean would have done the same thing. He knew Michael’s daddy issues inside and out because they were the same as his own. Only Dean had people who wanted him to work through them; Michael never did.
Dean carried three bowls filled with the ingredients Sam needed for his big spell as he got out of the dusty Impala. Sam carried with him the open Death book. They made their way quietly across the beach. Dean watched as Sam prepared whatever it was he was doing. Dean had no idea what the spell was actually going to do, but he knew it was going to do whatever Sam wanted.
“Uh... not a group project,” ** Betty told them as she pushed past them into the room before slamming the door in their faces.
“Cute,” Chuck replied, unmoving. Half a moment later, Dean could feel the grip of Chuck’s hand on his heart. The memories of the last time he felt this drove him to his knees. He could see Chuck raise his fingers as if to snap them out of existence. If this was his last moment, that was okay. They did their best. They gave it everything they had. Billie’s voice swept through his mind,
A theory forming in his head, Dean said, “You look like hell.” Ignoring Sam’s ‘why the fuck are you insulting him’ look, Dean continued, “Why don’t you go lay down?”
“What other choice do we have?” ** Sam demanded. Dean had no response for either of them. He could think of nothing, no actionable plan. And there was a part of him, a larger part than he wanted to admit, that didn’t want to try.
“Alright, well, that's a good thing, 'cause the man had no love to give... Not to you, not to me, not to... humanity. You see that now, right?” Lucifer told his brother.
“We reached out to you. You ignored us,” Dean reminded him. They had asked for his help before, asked for him to help them save the world. Michael had been too much “daddy’s boy” to step up then. Was this finally his breaking point?
**“Let's light it up,” Dean said as Sam stood back from the bowls. He watched Sam strike match and drop it into the middle bowl. A blaze of bright blue light burst from each of three bowls, shooting directly into sky in large beams. After a moment, the bowls suddenly bounced apart, the beams disappearing as the magic broke.
**“Think he'll show?” Sam asks as he paced in front of the car, barely a breath after his prayer was finished.
Jack said nothing when they got back to the hotel. Sitting on the bed Dean had claimed for himself, he picked at a thread on the comforter, the door adjoining his room left wide open.
The lake Sam picked, Waconda, was located not far from the bunker, close enough to the middle of the land mass to convince Michael it was a place that held untapped power. Clear, blue, beautiful. It looked like a good beach to retire on.
“Oh, no, this is... This is the first reaper to check out since Billie, right? So... wait for it. Wait for it. Ohhh... And...” Her body started to revive. After a moment, she was back as though nothing had happened. Clearly impressed with himself, Lucifer said, “Meet the new Death.”
“Focus, Sammy,” Dean told him, grateful for the distraction. Sammy was the best distraction in the world. Maybe not the best way to think of his brother, but right now, it was all Dean had. Even at his most broken, he could always pull himself together for Sammy. It didn’t matter that he’d never felt this utterly shattered before. He could pull himself together for Sammy’s sake. Always.
So this is more what I imagine the table would look like. It's not perfect (my photoshop skills are rudimentary), but generally.
Before Lucifer could do anything with all his power, Michael stabbed him with Gabriel’s archangel blade. As he died, Lucifer’s eyes flickered a couple of times before taking on the familiar hue of a dying angel. The book fell open on to the floor where he had been standing. But two unexpected things happened in his death. The first, there were no angel wings burned into anything. Second, instead of his body falling down, it exploded into sparks. It made Dean wonder if Chuck had really rescued Lucifer from the Empty, or if had merely created a new facsimile. It would certainly explain a lot.
Groaning as he pushed himself to his feet Dean says, “Well, I guess we’ve got nothing better to do. Let’s go check it out.”
Following Jack’s sense of ‘something’ was a lot more difficult than Dean wanted it to be. He had managed to get a refreshing shower in before they left, which helped. Still, there was a lot of vague directions that didn’t really help because the roads don’t follow the crows.
Sam shifted in his sleep, silencing Michael. It seemed he wants this conversation to belong to just the two of them. Dean was grateful for that. He expected that, wherever this was going, he didn’t want Sam to be a part of it. After a moment, Michael began again.
As soon as he finished, his phone rang. As the name flashed across his screen, Dean felt his heart falter. Maybe Michael had been wrong. Maybe Cas
“And you beat the crap out of us. Releasing all kinds of power. God power. Jack absorbed it all. It made him...Well, it made him unstoppable.” Dean couldn’t help the pride that flowed through him, knowing how capable Jack was.
“Hey,” Dean said as Jack came through the door. The kid still looked like he was still in shock – whether from the loss of the planet or the loss of Cas, Dean wasn’t sure. He knew which one cut him worse.
“Oh, no, see, I'm the almighty. I really can. I mean, picture it. The two of you... And your little lapdog Jack... Rotting on a lifeless planet, knowing it's this way because you wouldn't take a knee. Eternal shame, suffering, and loneliness. Whew! That's deep. That's sophisticated. That's a page-turner.”** And then Chuck was gone.
“We can what? There's nothing left, Dean. No one left to save. Everybody's gone.” Dean could feel Sam’s desperation. It was suffocating.
“So. . . you survived,” Michael called from the entrance, causing them all to turn and look at him. There was a moment where Dean felt trapped, but it passed quickly. Nothing Michael could do to them would be worse than what had already been done.
Dean parked in front of a church at the corner of Rose and Napier. The thunderstorm rolling around them had only started about a mile back. Foreboding as it felt, at least Dean was sure it wasn’t Chuck. It might not be anything good, but it certainly wasn’t Chuck.
“Michael.” As Michael had described, Dean had been made for him. Dean’s emotional relationship with his father was akin to Michael’s. Only now, Dean had figured out that it was pretty fucked up. There was still a lot of shit to dig through that he mostly pushed to the back of his mind because what was the point when the man was dead? Still. Dean knew Michael’s relationship with Chuck. That was the whole point of being his Sword-with-a-capital-S, wasn’t it? Michael, he was certain, was going to crawl back to Chuck. The hurt of asking for Lucifer’s help would be too great, and he would want to redeem himself in his father’s eyes. So, Dean began to explain his idea to Jack and Sam.
Part of Dean wondered if that’s how Sam had felt – that their father had no love to give anyone. Dean thought it had been conditional for him, but always for Sam. At least, in recent years in those moments when memories would sneak up on him. Dad had loved Sam even when they fought. Sometimes it felt like Dad had two emotions: wanting revenge and loving Sammy.
Miracle whimpered. Dean turned back to him and said, “Don't worry about him. He'll warm up to you. Maybe we'll let you sleep in his room.” Sam loved dogs. He was just being a dick right now. Doing something he never would have imagined, Dean opened the door and invited the dog up into the Impala. “Here we go. Good boy.”
Eventually, though, Sam and Jack fell asleep. As the car fell into silence, Dean closed his eyes for a moment, just to let the words echo in his head again,
“Where’s Cas?” Jack asked. A swell of emotion surged through Dean’s body. He tried to form the words but couldn’t. Apparently, he wasn’t as strong as he thought himself to be.
Dean only let them ride in hollow silence for a few moments before calling out to Jack to wake him. He was the navigator after all. His gut was the only thing pointing them where to go.
But Jack was just a fucking kid and Sam could be a big boy and deal with his own shit. Dean had to help Jack, even if he had no idea where the fuck to start, because Cas wasn’t—because Cas needed him to.
There had been moments in the past where Dean had given up, given in. But those moments had always come with the belief that he didn’t have the strength to resist. To do better. To stand and up fight. Before, it was because he had crumbled under the responsibilities someone else had placed on his shoulders. He had only ever managed to recover because Sam or Cas had stood beside him and taken some of the weight themselves. But this, here and now? No one could withstand it. There was no point in trying to.
“You can't,” Dean said, the words hollow as he felt. There was nothing else to do. There were no cards left to play. Each had showed their hand and Chuck had won.
Jack had never really known much about their history, Dean knew. Sure, they had shared some bits and pieces, but Dean at least preferred for the past to stay where it was. He carried too much of it with him in his nightmares to think about it during the day. But Sam and Cas would occasionally try and explain Dean’s behavior to Jack by telling the kid about their past. And when an old name came up, Jack would get a quick briefing.
“Cas – Cas, uh. He thought, he thought that saving me would mean we could save the world, but I can’t—we can’t. There’s
“Do you want to go for a drive?” Sam asked. Dean thought briefly about the feel of the Impala’s wheel in his hands, her engine rumbling beneath his body as he cruised the roads. He thought about how his whole life had revolved around that, about how that had been the only true consistency of his life. The only true comfort. But staring down an empty highway now? Well. The idea wasn’t comforting. It wasn’t freeing. It was terrifying. Looking out across an empty highway wasn’t a reminder of his freedom, but of the loneliness of coming home.
“Okay, the end of God is in the special book, and if you give Betty the book, Betty can read it. Understand?” Betty said. Dean wanted to shout
“See, we knew Michael would warn you and you'd show up here. And you did. And you killed your own son,” Sam said.
Dean could only nod in agreement, trying to choke back tears. He thought he had cried enough before, in the immediate after and the drive. Thought that he had managed to stuff the loss so deep inside that nothing could touch the emptiness that was keeping him afloat. It was clearly just wishful thinking. He managed to put it aside long enough to go through the motions before they gave up and packed it in. But what else was there to do now in this empty world?
“I'm around. I'll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows, and in the sand, in the rocks, and the sea,” Jack replied.
But he couldn’t. He couldn’t. Cas. Cas was gone. Dead. Sacrificed. Chose to sacrifice himself. For Dean. Because he loved Dean. Loved
“In the story Lucifer and I played out, Father asked us to love humanity before him. In its telling, my brother chose to love God instead of humanity and was cast out. Thus, I chose humanity. But that was never the truth, was it? Lucifer chose to exalt his love for our Father by declaring that humanity was lesser. I chose to love my father by obeying his rules. In truth, we both chose to love our father more than humanity. We were opposites not in choice, but in presentation. The surface level, you see.
Without bothering to respond, Jack closed his eyes. Between one breath and the next, the world was alive again. The thrum of energy almost knocked Dean over. Trying to keep to his feet, he set out across the street with Sam to look around.
Sighing, Dean made his way to his bedroom. It didn’t matter to him if they waited a few more hours. He wasn’t going to sleep anyways. Instead, as he crawled into bed, his mind reached out to Cas again.
“Apparently, your old man has a sense of humor. He thought it would be hilarious to watch the three of us on an empty planet.” Well. Dean couldn’t really hide the bitterness in his voice, either.
. It was the first time he had felt at peace in a long time. Taking what he thought would be his last breath, Dean closed his eyes and prayed,
“What if we want to see you? You know, or have a beer or whatever?” Sam said. Dean moved back towards them. He didn’t want to lose Jack. He couldn’t lose Jack. But Sam, Sam was acting like this was it. Jack was God and they were telling Dean this was the end for them.
Dean didn’t know how long he sat there, long after the tears had dried, and his breaths had evened out. His muscles were stiff and his back ached from sitting so long on the concrete. The words,
Instead of making any of the nasty comments on the tip of his tongue, he followed as Sam made his way to one of the storage rooms. It was probably where he had put God’s book after Michael’s failed attempt to open it.
Once they returned to the crossroads, Sam walked towards Eileen’s car, and Dean wasn’t surprised when Jack went straight towards the Impala instead. Tensions were high, the world was empty, and they were all scared out of their minds. Everyone dealt differently. Before, Cas would have taken Jack and Dean would have handled Sam. Because Dean knew how to handle Sam, and when his own emotions bled over a bit, well. Sam knew how to handle Dean, too.
“Yeah, me, too, pal. We need aspirin,” Dean groaned as he rubbed his face again. The lights were a little too bright this morning.
Dean didn’t stick around too long after that, afraid that Michael might decide to read his thoughts again. He figured the angel was too consumed with his own thoughts at the moment, but it was better to be safe than sorry.
Dean waited for Michael to continue, but when he said nothing more for several minutes, Dean said, “I don’t know what you expect me to say.”
**“Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Look at you,” he said as he started petting it, “Hey. Wow. How did Chuck miss you? Whoever thought finding a dog would feel like a miracle? Come on, Miracle. Come here.” Without a second thought, he picked up the dog and brought it to the Impala. Hope flared in his chest. If Chuck missed the dog, what else did he miss? Who else did he miss? He was carrying a miracle in his arms, literally.  As he rounded the corner, he called, “Sammy. Check it out!”
“Oh, that is not happening,” Dean told him. This was Lucifer; nothing he said was believable. Besides, there was absolutely no way that the Empty was going to offer them help. Not after everything.
It was good. Dean breathed out deeply, and it was good. Jack needed to know he was family, and here it was, declared proudly. Set in stone, of a sort. It was good. And necessary. It didn’t solve everything but at least Jack would always know that no matter what nonsense Dean may say, he was family. He mattered. This here was as close to an apology as Dean could get right now. This was a declaration. This was real.
“Oh, this is Betty. Betty... Betty, say hi.” Her response was muffled by the fabric.  Dean rolled his eyes as Lucifer continued, “No, no, no. Say hi to the boys. Just getting it straight. Oh, did I mention Betty is a reaper? I'm doing a fly-by, right? Okay. I'll say that again. Betty is a reaper.” Dean shared a look with his brother. What the hell did Betty being a reaper have to do with anything? It did at least explain why Lucifer had her bound.
“Of course not.” The reply was too quick, and Michael seemed to realize it. He took a breath and continued, “I mean, he clearly he knows the God Book could be lethal to him. But it's actually fairly useless without Death to read it.”
“It's always been my destiny to serve you,” Michael told him. It was the first time Dean could recall Michael ever seeming happy. A flicker of pity came through him as he stood. All this time, millennia probably, and Michael had only ever sought to make his father proud. He finally had succeeded. Finally,
. Trying to put together the kind of words Cas would have had for Jack, Dean remained quiet for the last minute of their drive. When they pulled into the parking lot of a motel, he turned to look at Jack and said, “I can’t - I don’t have the words like Cas does, Jack. Did. I’m not good with all this,” he waved a hand around, “chick flick stuff.”
Sammy came out with master keys, allowing them to pick their own rooms. He and Sammy shared one, out of habit Dean supposed. Jack took the adjoining room, and they all tried to sleep. For nearly an hour, Dean tossed and turned, waiting for sleep to overtake his body. He was running on empty, not having slept for two days at this point. He still couldn’t manage to relax long enough to sleep. Giving up, he went to take a leak. When he came back out from the bathroom, Sammy was waiting at the foot of his own bed, dressed and ready to go.
Now here he was, standing outside the home he grew up in, wondering how he could have ever dreamt of retirement when he knew how much God and the Angels and Fate had planned for him before he was ever born. The day he learned that he was Michael’s vessel – or perhaps the day he learned his mother had been a hunter – should have been the final nail in the coffin for any dreams of retirement. But still, he had allowed himself to think that one day his work would be done. That one day, he could hang up his boots, stick his toes in the sand, and spend his days relaxing with his family. That one day he would be able to see a world full of monsters and decide that he didn’t need to be the one to fight them all.
“I feel terrific,” Dean responded as he moved to his knees beside the table, the empty bottles clinking around him. Sam watched silently as Dean managed to sit at the table and open his computer. Dean was grateful for the several empty beer bottles and a half empty bottle of whiskey still sitting on the table, preventing Sam from seeing the name newly carved into the table. He would see it eventually, but Dean needed time to regroup before then. Luckily, before Sam could say anything else, Jack entered the library still in his pajamas.
Sleep did eventually come, though only in bits and pieces. Sam didn’t return until later the next morning. Dean figured he had slept in Eileen’s car, searching for some sort of comfort in what remained of her. That was something Dean would never have.
Michael started glowing with force of his powers as he tried to pry the book apart. Dean remained unsurprised when the book stayed closed and Michael powered down with an, “I'm sorry.”**
“We haven’t before, Jack.” He had never wanted to more, never felt this hopeless. Not during his last year before Hell. Not when he tried to give himself up to Michael the first time. Not when Cas had walked into river to die. Not when he had left Cas behind in Purgatory. Not when Sam had been dying to close the gates of Hell. The only time he had felt similar was when he had to burn Cas’ body. That. That was closest he had ever been to this feeling. At least then he knew the rest of the world could carry on without him. Now, there was no more world to carry on.
“Huh,” was all the reply Sam gave before walking in the front door. Despite being the one who called for them to rest, Dean found himself reluctant to move. Out here, he could pretend, just for a moment, that the world was all right. A shitty motel on the outskirts of some small town with no traffic any time of day, but especially at night.
Turning to his brother, Dean chuckled darkly, “Yeah. You, me, Jack.”  There wasn’t much else to say or do. They had come into this stupid little bar to see if maybe, somehow, there were still people inside. But of course, man-made construction had no hold over the power of God himself.
“You've been Death for an hour,” Dean reminded her. There was no need for her to get all uppity about it.
Michael, it turned out, did not go lie down. Instead, he went to sit in the kitchen. When Dean entered the kitchen, he asked **“How you doing? You okay?”
Grabbing a beer from the fridge and leaning back against the counter, Dean said, “Yeah, well... glad you were here. Chuck's getting desperate. He knows something's up. Wouldn't take the chance of showing up himself.”
finally stopped running through his mind. An impossible prayer left unanswered for too long. Eventually, his phone had stopped ringing. Dean wasn’t sure whether it was because Sam had given up or the battery had died.
“Alright,” Sam said as he approached Chuck, “Well... one for the road.” Dean was surprised to see Sam punch him. When his brother shook his hand in pain, Dean had to bite his tongue. He’d done the same before to Cas, who had been good enough to turn his head with it, and still felt like he broke his hand. Punching God was probably a lot worse.
“It wasn’t Billie. It was Chuck,” Dean informed him, voice clipped. He had been so certain it was Billie; he hadn’t hardly stopped to consider the possibility that he was wrong. How could he have been so stupid? Billie had wanted to set the worlds to what she considered right, but she hadn’t had the power to do it then. She still needed God’s power to do it – that was the reason she was trying to kill Chuck. She needed his power to reset the universe. Without it, she never could have done this. How could he have missed it?
“I want you to understand that you, Dean Winchester, were created to be everything I needed. You were, instead, everything he needed.”
“Poetic, isn’t it? That as he broke you free from the confines of hell, so you did the same for him. Even more so that my father never intended it, and certainly never could have created it.”
But then, he noticed Jack. Jack, who seemed to have been impacted by some of the energy from the fight. Dean started to get to his feet so he could check on him.
“What?” Sam demanded. Jack merely looked curious. So, Dean began laying it out, quietly. Just in case Michael was still close by.
“Yeah.” That didn’t surprise Dean in the slightest. Cas never wanted them to worry about him, as though not knowing what was going on with him when he disappeared for weeks on end was somehow less worrying than knowing what he trouble was getting into. Dean remembered being so happy to finally get a win with no strings. Almost ecstatic. Even if there had been a moment when Cas regretted not telling them, Dean put an end to the possibility without ever knowing.
**“It's pretty quiet,” Sam remarked. And it was. Dean could practically hear their breaths echo in the big, empty room. When they had first come to the bunker, most of the time it had just been the two of them. They were used to the silence then. But, in the intervening years, there had been a large procession of people. Charlie when she had time. Mary. Jack, of course. All the hunters from apocalypse world. And Cas, who flitted in and out so often at the start. Cas, who had started to stay, and stay, and stay. Cas, who Dean finally managed to convince to claim his own room. Cas, whose presence was often as large as he claimed his true form to be. Cas, whose absence was far more noticeable.
**”You sure about this, Jack? Whatever you're picking up on is in there?” Sam asked once they were all out of Impala, staring up at the imposing building before them.
“I never spent much time on Earth. I was... curious about the perception of God and Heaven,” Michael replied.
“Do you want me to leave?” The question and its sincerity startled Dean, though he supposed they really shouldn’t have. The kid had always been earnest and after everything Dean had said these last few days? Well. Anyone with sense would have expected this. Dean, of course, had lost all sense some time ago.
Chuck had basically declared that Cas’ choice to stand beside the Winchesters broke the story. Yes, they were all stubborn and adamantly opposed to his plots, but Cas? Cas’ free will is what started the whole thing in motion.
“Jack it is then.” Soon enough, his name was fully carved into the table. Jack handed Dean back the knife and blew his breath over the table to scatter the wood carvings. They both stared at the table and the letters that claimed it as their own.
“C’mere,” Dean told him as he walked towards the table with DW, SW, and MW carved into the top. As Jack approached, Dean handed him the knife. Clasping him on the shoulder, Dean waved his other hand at the table and said, “Go ahead.”
“What Naomi and the rest of the angels failed to realize was that there was nothing to fix. They tore pieces of him out and called it success. But they could not keep him from himself. The memories may have been altered or destroyed. That did not change his being. He always managed to pull himself from the wreckage eventually. Like a phoenix risen from the flames
Castiel finds himself tearing his hair at the response, stalking towards the closet where the Discipline is stored. In the next instant he is lashing at Dean’s skin, raining blows down Dean’s thighs as Dean arches and screams, every cry lewd and shameless with pleasure. Arousal begins dribbling down the length of Dean’s cock, the skin of it pulsing dark and thick, jutting straight to the heavens between Dean’s legs. Even the dark rosebuds of Dean’s nipples look painfully tight, and Castiel cannot help but strike them also – left, and then right, and then over again, until Dean is arching his chest into every blow, startled cries choked in his throat. It’s as if he does not feel the pain at all – no – it’s as if he feels
But the second strike has momentum behind it now, and when it hits, Dean shouts, eyes flying wide at the impact.
“K-Kevin Tran!” Sam finally stutters out, pointing at the retreating figure. “That was Kevin Tran!” he repeats, before turning to Dean and grabbing him by the shoulders. “Kevin Tran just winked at me!” Sam whimpers faintly, like the big girl that he is.
in my youth. For example, when I was a boy, I greatly enjoyed being spanked by my nursemaid. In fact, I often went out of my way to misbehave so I would be punished.”
“Well then maybe you could take Business Stats? It would help if you wanted to run your own shop?” Castiel offered. Dean’s face fell.
Castiel stands back with a satisfied huff, surveying his work with a smirk. But as he leaves Dean there, squirming and whimpering helplessly on the altar, Castiel’s own aching hardness makes itself known again, throbbing insistently within the confines of his pants, and he finds his throat painfully dry.
There is nothing left of him afterwards. Nothing but madness and rage and the hot brand of sin, splashed across the front of his cassock, dripping thick and white from between Dean’s legs.
“I gotta get to the Guidance Office,” Dean explained. “I promised Moseley I’d submit my last elective by the end of the day. I’m already way late and if I push it anymore she’ll have my ass.”
groping blindly for the fastenings of his pants, desperate to alleviate the heat of his ready flesh. When his back meets the cold stone of the chapel wall he slides gracelessly to the floor, having nowhere else to go but down.
Dean takes it with almost no resistance, his cries muffled through the Discipline as Castiel grinds the bottle deep. The last of the wine sloshes into Dean’s channel, and when it is all gone, Castiel begins thrusting the bottle, in and out of Dean’s body, the movement eased by the liquid vintage.
But the weirdest thing of the night was, not a single person was surprised that him and Cas were together. Not even a single one of his ex-hookups.
Castiel turned to Dean with wide-eyed disbelief, but was clearly handling his surprise a lot better than Dean, if the amused quirk on his lips was any indication. Dean’s smile was bewildered in return, unsure what to make of what just happened.
try, just for Dean. It’s something like adoration. Like he’s just made Dean his new father-figure and he'll do anything to impress him, to make him proud… to make him happy.
you are, and still love you unconditionally… that’s the only thing worth being beholden to. The most powerful thing. And knowing Cas is always out there, watching him, it’s the only thing that keeps him together anymore. He’s not going to let Cas down.
The parody of it is near blasphemous. And still, Castiel is helpless to stop it. He is entranced by the fallacy of devotion on Dean’s face, the way Dean seems to
Adam locks his arms around the back of Michael’s neck, holding on as he fucks himself down on Michael’s cock, whimpering and mewling into the hot-thick air.
Cas quickly pulls his hand away with a sharp, nervous inhale of breath. But then Dean sees himself frown in his sleep, his hand twitching towards Cas’ side of the bed, and Cas exhales, covering sleeping-Dean’s hand with his own.
Castiel’s knees finally give out, and he collapses back against the altar, sliding down until he lands on the floor, cock still hanging out of his pants, rosary defiled. He cannot even make a move to cover himself as he gasps to catch his breath, staring numbly at Dean in utter disbelief.
Even as a teenager, sex in the Impala had been no easy task, no matter how big the backseat was. And fitting two grown men, both over six feet tall, enthusiastically groping like teenagers while trying to get each other naked, was a feat of logistics no backseat was ever designed for. But while they’d never gotten to do this while they were in High School, it certainly wasn’t their first rodeo in Dean’s car, so they knew exactly how to manoeuvre around that limited space. They’d gotten it down to an art, right down to the lube and cleanup rag Dean permanently kept in the pouch behind the driver’s seat.
. Come back to me,” Cas hushes him, over and over as Dean ruts into him, mindless and without any finesse, his humanity a fraying thread that threatens to snap with every savage thrust. But the soft murmur of Castiel’s voice weaves around that thread like a lifeline, refusing to let go, and Dean clings to it, letting it anchor him as his body burns through his bloodlust.
The first few times, Dean had nearly killed him. Beat him hard and bloody. Cas had learned his lesson though, and left his angel blade behind, denying Dean any means to finish him off. But that also denied Dean the means to sate his rage. So he could only continue, brutal and relentless, until Cas was a broken and bloody pulp on the ground, simply nothing left to beat on anymore.
. It's been circulating forever and a bunch of fanworks from different fandoms have been done for it already, but the idea stuck with me as well :)
Dean’s grin softened into an answering smile as he tilted Cas’ chin up, pressing their lips together again. It never got old, kissing Castiel, not even after ten years together. And he knew Cas never tired of it either, if the matching smile on Cas’ face when he finally pulled away was any indication.
Watching-Dean however, begins to panic. He starts to wonder what the hell else he’s done in his sleep, just how much he’s revealed already. His groan of mortification is cut short though, when Cas begins to speak.
He didn’t have much time to work it out though, because that was when Dean saw the angry mass of football captain heading his way – the boyfriend of one of the twins.
As many in the country are, Dean is dressed simply, without the frills and powdered wigs typical of his high-class counterparts in the city. His dark blond hair is simply tied at the nape of his neck, the long strands curling naturally at the ends. There’s no sign of powder or rouge on his face either, and his skin glows with the warmth of many days spent in the sun, riding on horseback. And yet, his features are more delicate than many a noblewoman Castiel has seen – lips full and pink, eyelashes naturally curled to perfection, skin soft and smooth with lingering youth – even the freckles smattered across his nose are a testament to the beauty of youth, whereas most others would try to hide such blemishes under layers of powder.
,” Dean whimpers softly, his voice so close, his face must be pressed against the screen of the confessional. “I cannot stay here any longer. I fear my only option is to… abandon this country all together.”
“I did my best, Father,” Dean nods. “Though I must admit, it was a bit difficult escaping my brother.”
Dean chokes in surprise, but it does the trick. While his moans are still loud in his throat, at least now the sound doesn’t escape past his lips, muffled by the meat of Castiel’s flesh. In fact, if possible, Dean’s moans become even
In order to reach the hook, though, he has lean closely over Dean’s body, in between the inviting splay of those legs. And as he does, Dean strains up towards him, desperately trying to press himself against Castiel, to kiss his lips again. It is then that Castiel realizes how aroused he is, when he finds himself nudging – no –
Sometimes he wonders what his soul looks like now. If his true face is tainted, twisted like a demon’s. But the way Cas looks at him, like he’s seeing something beautiful, like Dean is precious… that’s all that matters. There, in the glow, under the sheets – shutting out the dirty motel room, shutting out the
Castiel pulls the bottle from Dean’s body, hurling it into the fire. As it shatters against the stone of the fireplace, so does the last of Castiel’s sanity. Because one second he is watching the slow trickle of wine from between Dean’s legs, and the next, he is falling to his knees between them, lapping at the spill from Dean’s hole.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel apologized, his gaze boring into Dean as if he could make his remorse felt with his big blue eyes. Dean should’ve been used to that look, lord knows his brother Sam had turned it on him enough times over the years, but coming from Castiel he found he was no where near immune to it as he should be.
“So, do you have it?” Betty asked. They shared blank faces as she continued, “The book. Hand over the book. Wow. Slower than they look.”
“No, listen. Hear me out Sam.” When Sam finally gave a small nod, Dean continued, “I think you’re absorbing the energy Jack. That – that bomb that we made you into? There had to be some sort of aftereffects, right? Right. The point of the bomb was to basically use all your power to destroy Chuck and Amara. So, what if, now that you’re recovering, your body is trying to replace that energy by absorbing it from everyone else?”
Only Cas had sacrificed himself instead. Threw himself into the Empty for eternity, taking Billie with him, all because he loved Dean. Dean was still standing here, trying to figure out how the hell he and Sam were supposed to save the world now, and Cas was dead. Cas was dead.
Jack’s anger started to take up space the room didn’t have. Before the conversation could drown them all, Dean said, “Look, we can talk about this later. I’m beat.”
“Yeah. The thing is, it's kind of late in the game. You did side with the Winchesters. I can't forgive that,” Chuck told him, the fury rolling off of him in waves.
In Cawker City, not far from the lake, Dean pulled over along the street. He glanced at the gas station, realizing it was the same place they had stopped on their way to find Michael. The place they found Miracle. As they got out of the Impala, Dean ran his hands over the gleaming metal. Jack must have cleaned her up for him as they drove.
“After everyone –” Sam cleared his throat and began again, “After everyone disappeared and we were in that bar in Minnesota? When you came in from outside, the plants around you just wilted and died. We didn’t say anything because we didn’t know what it meant.”
“Oh.” Jack didn’t seem surprised at what happened. Before Dean could ask, Jack said, “That happened before, too. When we were painting the sigils on the walls in the silo. There was a plant by me. And when I went to get rid of it like Donna asked, it just. . . died.”
Michael’s face was contemplative. After a moment, he said, “I had always thought myself to be Lucifer’s opposite. Father had created us that way. I was the good son, the faithful son. I wore my love for my father proudly, carried with me his guidance and his rules. Lucifer was the one who disobeyed. The bad son, faithless. Much the same way that you and your brother were. But I see now that in his creation, his writing—” the word was spoken with heated disdain “—that his parallels were only surface level. That in truth, it was Castiel who was my brother’s true opposite.”
“I'm sure he's aware. I took your side against him. I've avoided using any powers that might attract his attention,” Michael replied.
Jack was quiet for so long, Dean lost to the aimless tracing with fingers, that Dean assumed he left. He startled when Jack asked, “Can you tell me what happened?”
“You're gonna let a dog sit in the Impala?” Sam asked, clearly shocked. Dean didn’t necessarily hate all dogs, but he would be the first to admit that he was generally not a fan. But this? Miracle wasn’t just a dog. He was the last living creature on earth besides them. That had to mean something. Maybe they actually could fix this.
“I looked, you know. Through the years when I returned. It was well within my power. I wanted to see what my perfect vessel had done with his free will.  What it was that I had been stuck in a cage for. Peace? Paradise? It seemed I had suffered that you might suffer. Each year worse than the last. Of course, I see now my father’s handiwork through it all.
“Where's it leave us? Screwed. I'm sure Chuck's ready to make a move,” Dean responded. They sighed in unison, defeated and out of options. Letting his head fall back against the wall, the words ran through Dean’s head again. He didn’t care if Michael was right, and Cas couldn’t hear him.
Everyone was back. All the people were back. Dean was feeling an impossible emotional whiplash. The joy and hope at knowing that they had succeed in this – in undoing the damage Chuck had wrought when they failed to kill him – and stopping Chuck from ever having the power to do so again. The fear and desperation that they wouldn’t be able to do the same for Cas, whose end had not been at Chuck’s hand.
Who could - how could-? The man - fuck Cas wasn’t even a man! He was an Angel. Castiel, an Angel of the Lord. An Angel of the Lord loved Dean. The possibility had never even crossed Dean’s mind. He hadn’t thought Castiel could comprehend love, let alone feel it.
The first time he had really thought about retiring, about getting out instead of going out, had been after a long hunt a few years back. He couldn’t remember now when exactly it was, just that it was sometime after Metatron had falsely told them Sam could survive closing the gates. There was a slight hope that if they could do it – really do it – then that would be enough. They had done their duty, given more than enough to this damn life. He thought about what the three of them might do after – if Sam might go back to school, maybe he and Cas could travel the country for fun for once. But then life reared its ugly head and Sam was dying and Cas wanted to seal all the angels in Heaven with him. That cut short any real hope Dean had for retirement.
with it in the candlelight, illuminating every dark curl of his lashes and glistening against the wet drops on his lips.When Dean licks them then, pink tongue swiping across the drops of Castiel’s arousal to take them in his mouth, Castiel can stand no more. The sight undoes him, pushing him over the edge into oblivion, his entire body racked with the tremors of his climax.
He nearly cries with the beauty of it, the velvet heat enveloping him, the way Dean’s walls grasp and milk at Castiel’s throbbing member. He expected Dean would be screaming by now, thrashing and wailing in incoherent ecstasy, but instead Dean stills himself, keening softly around the worn wood of the Discipline’s handle. He looks like he might even be trying to form words, but if Dean truly wanted to speak he could simply drop the handle from his lips. More likely, the movements of his mouth come from imagining another cock in his lips instead, sucking it, licking it – what insatiable lust. At the very least, the effort of holding the handle seems to be keeping him present, watching Castiel with wide eyes as he gently works his hips to meet Castiel’s deep, careful thrusts.
But again, it is too late. Once was enough. The image is burned into the backs of his eyelids, and Castiel does not think he’ll forget anytime soon.
And yet, all that is nothing compared to feel of Dean in his hands. He tries to be as quick as possible, but the hot weight of Dean’s hardness presses insistently against his palm, as if begging to be grasped. And though the feel of it scorches him, he cannot help but let his fingers linger, tracing the velvet of Dean’s skin around the leather under the pretence of testing the strap’s tightness.
talked to Missouri Moseley like that and got away with it. But to Dean’s utter disbelief, Missouri’s eyes lit up like the fourth of July when she saw Castiel.
One beer in and Dean was already done with this Reunion. The gym was still the same old gym, the music was still as crap as it was ten years ago, and the douchebags back then were still douchebags now. Except now they were even worse because they brought their douchebag plus ones with them.
Castiel blanches. “I have,” he replies, trying to keep his voice even. Of course he’s heard of the infamous Marquis. He’d heard of a great many dark and disturbing things when he was living in the capital. And because of the libertine lifestyle much of the aristocracy indulged in, most of the things he’d heard were of a sexual nature. De Sade’s writings had become a frequent topic since their recent publication. But Castiel hadn’t expected to hear such things out here in the country.
Dean squirmed uncomfortably when they pulled apart. “I would give you a hug too, Missouri, but that would be kind of awkward right now.”
And maybe he pouts a little too pretty when he says that, bats his eyelashes not-so-innocently, because the only warning he gets is a feral glint in Cas’ eye before he’s being tackled and hauled to bed.
“Um, yes, I just started in this ward,” Adam replies, backing away from him. “Excuse me, I have to go get the Attending,” he mumbles, rushing off.
Alternately he could test Dean’s endurance, strike him for longer instead of harder, but he’s afraid he doesn’t have the stamina to withstand such a trial himself. Not with the way Dean moans begin to escalate, the way his body begins to writhe under the assault of his flesh…
As the quarterback disappeared through the small crowd that had gathered around them, Castiel turned his death-glare onto the onlookers, quickly scattering them as well.
But when Dean Winchester interrupts his closing speech on the night of his birthday, appearing on stage wearing the full blonde wig, white dress, Marilyn Monroe getup, and singing
For a moment he doesn’t know where he is, or that he’s awake, the blood rushing in his ears too like the howling whirlwind of his nightmare, his breaths too harsh, too hard to catch.
He throws Dean into the antechamber before him, bolting the door shut before stalking towards the altar. “Undress!” he orders as he crosses the room, grabbing the half-empty bottle of ceremonial wine, and drinking from it with deep, desperate gulps. Then he grabs the edge of the altar cloth, and yanks, with one vicious pull, chalices and cups and cloths falling to the ground with a clatter.
. And afterwards, when Dean collapses to the ground, Castiel is still frozen, transfixed by the sight of him – cheeks flushed, lips bitten dark, chest heaving… a wet splotch darkening his pants where he has spent himself… When Dean licks his lips then, Castiel’s eyes are helplessly drawn to the movement, and he realizes, with horror, where Dean is looking now.
Dean twined their fingers together. “C’mon, let’s get out of here before Becky crowns us Cutest Couple of the Reunion or something.”
But then, while Balthazar was in between Sam’s legs, doing things with his mouth that had Sam panting and squirming in a mindless frenzy… Sam felt fingers. Fingers, brushing against a place… where he had never felt fingers before.
A/N: This is based on Terra Nova, a short-lived tv show about an overpopulated future sending people to live in the past during the age of Dinosaurs... *shrugs*
“And her twin sister,” Dean added, smirking. Cas rolled his eyes and exhaled an overly put-upon sigh, and Dean knew the tension had lifted a little.
Castiel inhales a steadying breath of his own, taking a moment to listen and draw strength from the familiar prayer. The words wash over him like a cool stream, soothing the burning itch under his skin and settling him enough to do what he has to. Picking up the Discipline from where he left it on his chair, he steps towards the altar.
Castiel strides forward, grabbing the back of Dean’s head, and crushing their lips together. There is still wine in his mouth, that he’d forgotten to swallow when confronted with the sight of Dean’s naked flesh, and he fills Dean’s mouth with it, groaning into the violent press of their lips. Dean drinks it greedily, sucking on Castiel’s tongue with needy moans, probing deep inside Castiel’s mouth for every last drop.
“What are you doing, kid?” Dean shouts over the roar, flailing for balance as the grass rolls and crests beneath him.
Of the few high-born families residing in the area, Samuel Winchester is probably the only lord that attends service and takes confessional regularly, and the young man often speaks of his older brother Dean. Through young Samuel, Castiel knows that Dean travels often for the family business, and recently Samuel has spoken of his excitement over Dean’s return.
Dean gulps at the sight of the flogger, eyeing the long cords of knotted leather that hang from the wooden handle.
And here I was thinking your silence meant my story was a piece of crap. Sorry your sick. Do you have anyone to look after you?
“And this is what I wanted to do when I first saw you,” Castiel murmured, before grabbing Dean by the back of the neck and pulling him in for a fierce, almost
Until Cas finally catches him, that is. And having to explain what he’s doing is almost as embarrassing as the first time Cas found all those secret pictures of himself on Dean’s phone. But that had turned out alright in the end, and lucky for Dean, so does this.
“I’m sorry Dean,” came Castiel’s wrecked voice from over his shoulder, apologetic and pleading and oh so desperate. “I was wrong. So very
Sure, it was nice, in a way. But it mostly made him want to smack his younger self upside the head for being so oblivious.
“Because I reward you with mind-blowing sex?” Dean smirked. And when Castiel blushed, Dean had to stop himself from kissing it right off Cas’ cheeks then and there.
Castiel just blinked back at Dean, tilting his head in silent wait, as if Dean was the monosyllabic weirdo here.
“Our Father, who art in Heaven,” Dean begins, and Castiel continues to strike him, squarely on the back, making sure not to miss anymore. “Hallowed be thy –
out as dancing, but now it was more like standing, foreheads pressed together and slowly rocking from side to side with their arms around each other, warm and content after a rollercoaster night of emotions, and swaying to their own rhythm in complete disregard to the music.
“For what?” he sputtered. Castiel glanced over at the door they had stopped in front of, ‘Guidance Office’ written in bold across it.
Castiel wants to dig the cilice so far into his flesh that he bleeds, that he may rid himself of the fever burning in his veins, or at least that the pain may grant him coherence long enough to speak.
And of course, now that Dean’s body begins to react more forcefully, the rosary between his legs begins to dance again, taunting Castiel. He does not have the patience to play with it anymore. He reaches down to grasp it again, and as soon as it’s free of Dean’s body, he lashes the Discipline across that cursed hole as well.
It’s not long at all before his body begins to respond. And when he opens his eyes again, it is clear that Dean has been long-aroused already.
Then suddenly, Dean pulls off, panting hot puffs of air against Castiel’s spit-wetted flesh as he catches his breath. “So
- He didn't remember a thing, but when he saw the coat in the trunk he put it on without hesitation. "Mine."
“Yes, that’s it. Beautiful boy,” Michael murmurs into his ear. “Work for it. Ride me like you mean it.”
“Don’t drop anything back there, Benny-boy,” Gabriel taunts through the microphone, smirking at him from the stage as the Winchesters drop to their knees.
It’s dark when Dean near collapses through the door of his motel room, staggering towards the bathroom and leaving a trail that tells of death and destruction in his wake – a bag of weapons, soiled jackets, crusted thigh-holster, grimy knife, a ripped shirt, bloody bootprints – shedding the last pieces of himself on the ratty carpet floor as he forces his feet to carry him to the only source of light, slivering through the open crack of the bathroom door. He’s naked by the time he reaches the mirror over the sink, but he doesn’t recognize himself, can’t see past all the
everyone seemed to complain about Mr. Alastair's English Lit class. He supposed it was because the guy was some kind of hard-ass or something, but Dean could handle that. He'd grown up in a family full of hard-asses after all.
A sob wrenches out of Castiel’s throat as he rips himself away, shoving the Discipline into Dean’s mouth again. He grabs blindly for the bottle of wine, but instead of drinking from it, he finds himself pressing the lip of the bottle to Dean’s still-wet entrance, shoving it deep into that greedy furl.
Dean hisses in sharply at that, and the way his pupils flare is definitely not a trick of the light. “No,” he answers breathlessly.
“Are you sure about this, Dean? About coming here… with me?” Castiel asked, uncertainty in his eyes.
And what he sees is Dean falling back to the ground, in a mirror of Castiel’s position, chasing his own release. One hand flies over his cock as the other wanders the planes of his chest, searching out a dusky aureole to pinch and fondle with his fingers. And in between gasps Dean licks at his lips, tongue seeking out the smatter of come that’s dribbled down his chin.
And yet, it is as if a damn has been opened within him, constantly flooding him with thoughts of Dean, and
“Dean,” Castiel said, his eyes softening. “You know I have no need to partake in these silly social rituals. That’s why I didn’t bother going to Prom, remember?”
“Very well,” Castiel says, but when he speaks his voice cracks with thickness, and he tries not to wince at the sound of it. He quietly clears his throat before he tries to speak again. “Please undo your pants and lower them so I may… restrain you.”
It’s dated the morning of Cas’ flight, the morning after he recorded his confession on Cas’ phone, and when Dean plays it he’s stunned to see his own sleeping face in the dim light of dawn. He hears Castiel sigh, then sees Cas’ slender fingers reach up into the frame, lightly tracing along his sleeping brow, down his nose, and across his cheek as Cas’ thumb brushes over his lips. It’s then that he’d stirred a little, mumbling Cas’ name in his sleep, and Dean cries out in horror as he watches. He didn’t even know he talked in his sleep!
But just as Dean spotted a table, Crowley and his Student Council cronies came up to them, blocking their way. Dean grimaced in displeasure.
“What the hell is this, Cas?!” Dean barks, waving at the assortment of sex toys dumped out across Castiel’s bed – dildos and plugs and vibrators – and one huge,
The Winchester brothers looked up from the Journal of Shadows as a shimmering in the air indicated the return of their White-Lighter. But when Castiel finally appeared he was not alone.
Dean was halfway through explaining to Cas why the ’67 Impala was a far superior vehicle to the ’65 Mustang when the first warning bell went off. He cursed under his breath, realising he was going to have to cut short one of the most enjoyable lunch periods he’d had that didn’t involve making out with some girl in the janitor’s closest or sneaking off campus to get some pie down the road at BigGerson’s.
in its reflection. But Cain’s Mark throbs angry and dark against his arm as he reaches out to turn the shower on.
Screw that. He may not be able to talk to Cas right now, but he can sure as hell send him a video message.
More likely, he was sent to bewitch Castiel. Because suddenly, he can feel the begging clench of Dean’s entrance, against the very skin of his cock! And when he looks down, he finds himself rubbing against Dean again, smearing his arousal across that hot and swollen entrance. As if his body has been compelled.
.” Castiel’s fingers tightened around him. “I thought your father was the one, but it’s you Dean. It’s always been
It is much warmer in the antechamber compared to the chapel, the heat of the fire almost stifling. But the stone of the altar is must still be cold, as Dean hisses sharply when he slides his bare skin over it, squirming as he sits. This small reaction, however, only serves to fan the fire within Castiel, his length throbbing with urgency inside the confines of his pants. He raises the bottle to his lips once more, drinking deep, but the taste of Dean still lingers on his tongue, the shape of Dean’s mouth still burning hot against his lips. He doubts anything could erase the memory now. Castiel growls, slamming the bottle down on the edge of the altar as he picks the altar cloth off the floor, ripping it into strips.
Sometimes Sam gets impatient and can’t wait for his angels to decide who gets to top him first…. So he just takes them both at the same time.
When Castiel opens his eyes again, he sees Dean still kneeling in front him, face striped with Castiel’s completion, and still greedy for more, tongue reaching for the white ropes of it dripping down the end of Castiel’s rosary.
Even if Castiel is beyond redemption, Dean, at least, deserves a chance to be saved. A chance to cleanse this filthy taint from his immortal soul.
“Hey look, Cas! It’s the Guidance office!” Dean commented as they passed the door, a little more liquefied and a lot more relaxed now they’d retreated from the gym to roam their old campus. “You know, if you hadn’t offered to help me with Business Stats I might never have been able to run my own garage,” Dean smiled.
And wouldn’t you know, that’s when the DJ decided to play a slow number. Obviously, he’d heard Dean’s outburst too.
Castiel groans, losing himself in it. He tries to clench his eyes shut against the sight of Dean, but of course, that doesn’t help either. In a way it is worse, as it lets Castiel’s imagination linger where he hadn’t allowed his eyes to, taking in the dark flush of Dean’s skin, the bitten fullness of his lips, the milky shine of his spend… behind his eyelids Castiel tracks the slow drip of it down Dean’s leg, dipping his finger into it, and perhaps even…
“Now, clear your mind of all thought, and open yourself up to penitence. Use the punishment of your flesh to help you focus. But you will see that here, in a house of God, you will not find any sort of…
“Overseas. To the colonies. There is much opportunity there, and I already have contacts, means to start a new life,” Dean explains.
“Come on, let’s get you a drink,” Castiel smiled sympathetically, taking his hand and leading him to the bar.
“I’m very sorry,” the young doctor says sympathetically, finally looking up. “If you could wait outside, I’ll go get the Attending doctor to see to your father.”
And perhaps it is Castiel’s mistake, but perhaps, if it had been with someone else, it wouldn’t have mattered. But when Castiel strikes Dean’s rear, the sound Dean makes then is… more than just a cry of pain. It’s also a whimper, a moan, and his entire body seems to shudder differently than before. The reaction makes something inside Castiel tremble as well, giving pause, and he finds himself breathless at it.
Startled, Castiel crosses himself out of habit. “Very well,” he says once he has caught his breath. “There are some methods I know of that may help cure you of this affliction.”
But when Castiel finds himself transfixed by the naked planes of Dean’s shoulders, hypnotized by the subtle shift of muscle underneath and the long, sloping trail of his spine… Castiel wonders if helping Dean will count for anything if ultimately he cannot purge his own desires as well.
Sam sighs heavily as he follows his brother, exasperated and resigned. But as they walk through the thronging convention goers towards the group of ladies, their path is suddenly obscured by another group of people - photographers walking backwards, snapping shots of an attractive Asian boy with long hair, sucking on a lollilop as he walks blithely through the crowds with his entourage. Sam freezes as the group nears them, and the Asian boy - well, ‘twink’ to be more accurate - sweeps his eyes over Sam, pulling the lollipop out of his mouth with an audibly wet suck and sending a smirk Sam’s way.
It doesn’t take long after that. Almost immediately Dean begins thrusting back onto the bottle, eyes rolling so wildly that Castiel can only see the whites of them. He is far past being able to make noise anymore, gagged though he is, panting around the Discipline’s handle as he furiously works his hips to take more. He has lost himself completely. Before long, his climax begins to burst from his cock, from no other touch than the bottle buried within him.
“Sure thing, boss,” Benny salutes. So he climbs up onto the bar, orders everyone to hold up their glasses, and shoots his load into their drinks.
Castiel caught the movement, his eyes flicking down to Dean’s mouth, and Dean cleared his throat uncomfortably, for what seemed like the millionth time trying to shake off the effect the other boy had on him.
“Um… Dean… I used to hate it when you were in here,” Castiel exhaled a shaky breath, unable to meet him in the eye.
“Don’t call me that!” he wails. “No one can call me that anymore, least of all myself! I have defiled myself! I am made unholy!” he cries, collapsing to his knees. He wraps his arms around his body, trying to hold himself together as he shivers in his underclothes, broken and bare. “Tell me who is this man? I beg you, I must know! This man who for loving has driven you to such madness, as surely as you have driven me to mine?” he sobs. He wants to know this man’s name, this man’s
Dean wasn’t kind, that first time. He’s never kind, the first time. It’s always vicious, and violent. He’s always too close to being pulled under, drowning in blood and grief and
what he wants to say to that. At this point it’s a litany running over and over again in his head. But he’s not ready to own up to that either. So instead he says, “How about some videos then? Something to keep you warm on those cold Paris nights? We can’t even have phone sex y’know, the time difference is too big.”
“Given the right conditions, the punishment of the flesh can be a powerful tool of cleansing and communion. In fact, I myself have experienced great joy and closeness to God through the Discipline. But it is the joy of penance. Perhaps, through proper exposure, we can purge the body of its inappropriate sexual desires and make way for true contrition and penitence,” Castiel explains.
The pool is lake-sized now, waves dark and thrashing around the child, as if clawing for him. And then, impossibly, Dean sees a dock at the far end of the water, and he wants to tell the kid to go there, to run for safety, security… but then the dock implodes, splinters soaring through the air as the structure is sucked under, and Dean sobs, cries out again, “
Dean’s heart stops. But sleeping-Dean merely hums contentedly, threading their fingers together tight.
Castiel whimpers. Suddenly the rosary around his neck feels like it’s choking him, the beads bruising his palm in his too tight grasp.
Nonetheless, here he was, dressed in a giant kangaroo suit, fighting for balance on a giant turning platform, dodging stuffed cane toads aimed at his head, as well as his opponent from the Paramedics’ team, and trying to catch flying pancakes in his kangaroo suit’s pouch as his teammates from the Firefighter’s side cheered him on.
“Sisters? And one of them had a boyfriend? Dean, don’t you think that was a bit reckless?” Castiel frowned.
Adam collapses onto the bed – breathless, shaking, and almost completely covered in cum – thoroughly and completely fucked out.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I wasn’t thinking.” And when he said it, he didn’t know if he was apologising for now, or then, or all of the above.
It’s the only word Castiel can think of at the sight – the way Dean’s spine dips into the perfect curve of his rear, smooth and full and unblemished, the thick strength of his thighs, the muscled arc of his calves, visible even through his delicate white stockings –
When Castiel finally turned back around, his face had returned to normal. But when Dean still couldn’t stop gaping Castiel eventually reached out to grasp Dean’s shoulder, snapping him out of it.
“Wait, wait! I have one for you!” Dean gasped suddenly. Castiel stopped, looking up at him in curiosity.
“Well…” Castiel replied breathlessly, “There wouldn’t be any of that mind-blowing sex for one thing.”
He considers deleting it and re-recording the whole thing, but he doesn’t think he’ll be able to get through it again. And he kind of knows that once he deletes it, he won’t even try. But he worries about it. All night. Until the worry finally tires him to sleep.
And before Castiel knows what he’s doing, he’s leaning down to capture it in his mouth, closing his lips around Dean’s beautiful, spitting cock, and swallowing as much as he can. It’s salty, and bitter, but Castiel cannot stop himself, cannot stop licking every last drop from Dean’s soft, warm skin.
Castiel clutches the beads of the rosary at that, once again in its rightful place around his neck. He had cleaned the rosary and the Discipline as best he could with soap and boiling holy water, though the urge to simply throw them into the flames was strong. But he just couldn’t bring himself to do it. Instead he often found himself staring at the objects, for long minutes at a time, pondering what it was in Dean that made him desire to seek pleasure with them.
He doesn’t know what time it is exactly, but even in the dark of night he can still see the outline of Cas’ window, just across from his own. Some shuffling noises come from inside the other boy’s room, and then a moment later Cas’ sleepy face emerges, leaning over the sill.
of my classes. Hell, I probably would’ve dropped out if you weren’t there!” Dean leaned closer, nuzzling Castiel’s neck. “Moseley was right, Cas. You
Castiel would like to hope that it is because the prayer has given Dean focus, that he has begun to transcend the punishment of his body – as Castiel sometimes experiences when he takes the Discipline to his own flesh. But as the prayer comes to an end, Castiel sees it is just the opposite. Dean is even more aroused than before.
“Come away with me,” Dean whispers, still cradling Castiel’s cheek against his palm as he gazes down at Castiel. “We will start a new life together, in the colonies, you and I,” he says.
“But I do!” Castiel blurts out suddenly, his face reddening with embarrassment immediately afterwards.
Snarling, Castiel rips himself away, only to be confronted with the sight of Dean’s entrance, open and grasping as he squirms his hips, begging to be filled. Grabbing the wine again, Castiel splashes it across the clenching pucker, as if he could douse the fire of its desire. But Dean only moans in response, his body collapsing at the sensation, limbs going lax as the cool liquid drips down his heated skin.
And yet, though Castiel knows all this, he cannot bring himself to stop. Cannot even bring himself to move away or pick the Discipline up off the floor, as he so desperately should. He finds himself clutching at the rosary around his neck, as if it might give him strength. He clutches it so tight, he feels the beads
“Alright,” Castiel agreed. Dean exhaled in relief, the weird tension breaking as they turned to find somewhere to sit.
He must take the Discipline to himself. Immediately. It is the only thing he knows to do when such a bodily reaction…
” she grinned, taking in their joined hands. “I’m glad you boys finally pulled your heads out of your asses and got it together,” she said, beaming at them.
Dean eyes the man darkly. “You know, in some countries, when you save a man’s life, it means you’re responsible for them,” he says.
Soon it is Castiel’s cries that become worrisome, gasping shouts that he has no control over, eyes rolling as he grips Dean’s hair tighter and fucks into that needy,
“I cannot stop thinking about him,” Dean plows on, unheeding. “And I touch myself all the time, thinking about it, about
“No! What are you doing?” Castiel gasps, panicked. “Stop that!” he hisses, lashing the flogger across Dean’s shoulders.
“Oh,” Balthazar replied, understanding dawning across his features. “Right,” he frowned, dropping his chin on his hand as he considered this new problem.
Gabriel prides himself on having a good sense of humor. He’s been playing tricks on people long before he hired the Winchesters and they brought their juvenile ‘prank war’ shenanigans to Tricky’s.
That is when Castiel realizes the state Dean is in – pupils blown dark, and the front of his breeches…
“Seems like you’ve been saving my ass all day,” Dean said. And maybe he would be all year too, what with offering to help Dean with his Stats class. Dean remembered what Moseley said in the office earlier and thought, yeah, maybe Cas really was like a guardian angel or something.
Castiel’s eyes fly open at that, and he is greeted by the sight of Dean kneeling between his legs, reaching behind himself and filling himself with his fingers, as his dark and dilated eyes beg Castiel for
“I have no idea,” Dean sighed. “Art? At least I could pick up some chicks that way,” Dean joked half-heartedly.
Dean had no choice to accept the help, it was a family show after all, but when he was finally standing, unmasked, and face to face with his opponent, he found himself a little winded again.
He cannot even seek to purify his body of such urges in the usual manner. The very sight of the Discipline arouses him as well, yet another reminder of Dean, and so trying to use it only arouses him further. He even has to go so far as to strap himself when he attempts to use it, in order to ensure he derives no pleasure from it.
