Chuffingden is not that far from Lewes as the crow flies, to which small town the railway that serves Berwick runs before continuing on to Brighton or London. Although we loved the cottage dearly there were times when we wished to be away from it for a while, and one of our favourite places to go was the fields to the north of Lewes, where Simon de Montfort had won the great victory that had secured an English parliament.
“The alternative is to go and face American justice”, I said dryly, “which given what the deputy ambassador whose family you 'attended to' said he wanted to have done to you, might be risky. I am not quite sure that it is physically possible but I am sure that you would not wish to find out the hard way. Or you can sign that document and enjoy sun, sea, sand....”
“Because he will be expecting us to change to the Metropolitan at Liverpool Street where the connection is better”, I said, “so he will use the next station to just change carriages and get round our obstacle. But we can change there as well. We shall have to wait until the train is about to leave and make a run for it. Let us go to the front of the train to give us as much distance as possible.”
John coughed for no apparent reason. I glared at him. That had better not have been any form of snark or he would be paying for it back at the hotel, sexagenarian or not.
“It was your son who appeared to have the most to lose”, I went on. “His house is full of expensive items, and even allowing for his wife’s wealth he strikes me as the sort of person who would always spend more than whatever his current income is. But then there was the curious case of Mrs. Bollinger anticipating your son’s protest against her.”
“It has been removed”, she said sadly. “I presume that after Holly spoke to Lieutenant Anderson he must have asked for it to be taken down; the photographs either side of it are still there.”
between Great Britain and France by attempting to prise Morocco away from the latter. I was not alone in having my doubts on the matter although the British government stood by their new allies and the Germans backed down – this time. But it was to be the first of four such crises, the last of which would finally precipitate the Great War.
I turned away to hide my smile. Miss Radley-Barnham sounded like her friend had gone and confessed to a massacre of puppies!
1926. The Royal Family receives another new if seemingly unimportant member, while someone learns the hard way that one strike and he is out.
“They are talking about a film later this year that will be in colour”, I said. “I wonder how they can do that?”
“Oh really?” he said dryly. “Do they also make these new signals while yelling very loudly, 'how do you expect me to grab that at my age'?”
Postscriptum: Sadly leopards do not change their spots, and the general did indeed make some effort to track down young Scott McCall – until he ran into four of Sweyn's boys on a pleasant weekend away in Shropshire and they 'dissuaded' him. His wife was, after some effort on my part, persuaded to sue for a divorce from him soon afterwards; he contested it but failed and was forced to sell his house and retire to the North somewhere. Mr. Derek Hale wrote to me soon after, saying how wonderfully happy he was and thanking me once more.
The wife of Fraser Macdonald, in name only. When young Chatton Smith came to stay in their house she made a play for him and was rejected; this seemingly encouraged her into a wild weekend of sexual debauchery in the city during which she caught something and died within hours. Not a loss to Mankind by any definition of the word.
We had arrived at Baker Street by this time and to our surprise we saw Chief-Inspector Baldur coming down the steps.
She had however reckoned without my man, who most annoyingly still got simpering looks from all the other ladies in the village (what was I, chopped liver?). The ghastly woman took great pleasure in telling the vicar very loudly one Sunday that she had sold the land to a small religious sect whose leader wanted to built 'The True House Of The Lord' next to the 'false' one (i.e. his). I remarked to Sherlock that what with that land only having limited access from a footpath around the back I would have doubted that any new building would be possible. He just grinned at me. And when I suggested that it was a very unchristian thing to so delude a woman even if it was Miss Hastings-Ryland, he took me home and showed me something even more unchristian! Oh my poor broken (but wonderfully sated) body!
We went to Mr. Guilford Holmes's hotel for the night, and we just slept together in silence as we reflected on a chapter of our lives that was not finally closed. That house had been part of our lives for the best part of two decades but now we had the cottage on the Downs and, most importantly of all, each other. Life was good.
Sherlock did not to my surprise hail a cab but instead led the way first into Boundary Road and then House-Martin Lane, the road which ran parallel to and behind Nightingale Lane. This too was mostly residential properties but halfway along there was a new building which was rather too modern for my tastes, all metal and glass. Sherlock led the way into 'The Michelangelo Art Studio' (really?) and I followed.
“Luke spoke to me about something else”, he said, looking at me rather oddly. “He had a message for me from Ginger, concerning your niece Emma-Jane.”
“You were mean to me back then”, I said. “I fully expected to be heading off to the French Riviera, and instead I got this!”
“John and I have broken stronger alibis before”, I said confidently. “Tell me about the times, please.”
He grinned lasciviously at me. I looked at him in confusion for some time before I got it. He was talking about.... me getting it!
There was also something of my beloved in Mr. Bassett-Evans, for surely no man could have blushed more when we met Mr. Jukes at Brierdene House and he kissed his lover at once. For the best part of a whole minute! Mr. Bassett-Evans looked set to bolt but somehow his lover was able to place him on the couch and then position himself on the larger man's lap. My half-nephew was still blushing but he looked more than happy with the arrangement.
“Go to your room, wait five minutes, then come out naked, with the item you will find on the bed”, he said.
“We should be honoured, but I will respect your wishes and not inform the actors beforehand”, he said. “I suppose that you are right; it would only make them even more nervous. Mr. Freeman nearly forgot his lines twice last night, as it was.”
Sherlock had laid in another selection box of chocolatey goodness from the village sweet-shop, including some of those new nutty Marathon† bars that I liked. It could not be for a celebration as we had had one the other week when his nephew Tantalus's son Carl had been blessed with twin sons, whom he had named Blaze after his grandmother's second and far superior husband, and Christian after an uncle of his wife. So the news had to be bad this time.
Mr. Jukes was very thankful for all that I had done for him, and in gratitude he kindly loaned me a team kit with John's old number in it. I was therefore able to spend the whole journey back to London getting him in and out of it, such that we had to spend a night in the Station Hotel at Euston because neither of us was in a fit state to take a cab. What a wonderful sport rugby is!
1914. The penultimate case of the dynamic duo and Sherlock's sort-of nephew wants him to break up his actual grandson's marriage. As you do.
What did concern me however was that John did not seem to snap out of his 'funk' as he called it. I started to grow anxious about him.... and I was not the only one.
“Mrs. Whitlow always uses her own concoction of chemicals to wash our clothes”, he said. “Mrs. Smith, the only other lady who takes in washing in the village, uses a generic detergent. You know that I have a good sense of smell so I know that Mrs. Whitlow did not wash that shirt just as I know she did not bring it to the house today. Plus the note was clearly written by a left-handed person, yet Mrs. Whitlow from whom it purported to come is right-handed. What is going on?”
We were at Beckett House, attending a ball thrown by one of those ghastly politicians who I always felt were just begging to be pushed off the nearest cliff-edge. Lady Beckett, husband of the idiot who was hosting this nightmare of an evening, was sailing around the place and I had had to work hard to avoid her, not helped by my movements being, ahem, somewhat curtailed. She was a most unpleasant woman and I did not wish to spend one moment with her if I did not have to. Come to that, where had my sex-maniac of a lover gone to?
desperate. Randall sent me a telegram yesterday from the Balkans and his worst fears look set to come true. The Austrians have made a whole host of demands on the Serbs after the assassination and the Russians have made it clear that this time they will come to the aid of their fellow Slavs. The war that we have been dodging for the past few decades looks like it is finally going to happen.”
“Terrible the way that some men strut like that”, I said innocently. Sherlock gave me the sort of look that made it clear he could see right through my sardonicity, and I shuddered most pleasurably.
“Oh dear”, I said managing about as much sincerity as I could manage (approximately none) and not at all gripping the chair arms to prevent myself from dancing around the room in glee. “How sad. What happened?”
“Sir!” Mr. Hall said, smiling what was very obviously a false smile. “This is an unexpected pleasure.”
“He has said, and I quote, 'it is not only the Douglases who have to deal with 'somdomites' trying to steal away the men in their family'”, he said. “He does not mention me, Carl or Luke by name, but his implication is clear.”
I turned my back on him. Well, I would have done had I not been tied down. I had to settle for another scowl.
“And why he did nothing to save me from the firing-squad”, Ivan said angrily. “Then I wish to have nothing more to do with the Leedses. As far as I am concerned I am now a Watson, through and through.”
1924. A new member of the gentry gets Sherlock's help for a third time – before he even asks for it!
Not long after our trip west I may or may not have paid for Mr. Day Penmarrick to come to London to see his brother, and to call in on us 'while he was in the area'. John did not take his visit at all well......
I knew the unspoken fact behind her words, namely that after Johnnie's difficult birth the doctors had advised us against having any more children. But with three sons two of whom were named after my grandfathers who had lived and loved in this place, the Watson line seemed safe enough let alone all our cousins. Little Hamon tottered along after his mother - “I
“Because your grandfather most cleverly misled you”, I smiled, “or at least he misled your cousins. You see, by 'my door' he was referring to the
I did not need to hear the little cries of pain at every step. I did not even need to see the hickey that could probably be spotted from the surface of the Moon, lurking above my nephew's skew-whiff collar, nor the tattered clothes, nor the expression that told me here was a man who had little left in the tank. My grandson's expression was a smugness level that even I would have been proud of.
Born in 1798, the eldest son of Lord Harry II. Alexander was an unremarkable fellow who would surely have been forgotten by history except that he ended his bland tenure by falling off the roof of Brunton Hall after a wager that went ever so slightly wrong. The future of the estate then hung in the balance as at the time he had six children but only one son. But what a son!
“You should thank Lady Ursula”, Sherlock smiled. “I think the doctor and I both agree she is a most remarkable lady!”
A keen assistant to Doctor Nebuchadnezzar Adams, he unwisely chose to try to use his employer's absence to smuggle his lady-friend Miss Alice Salton into his workplace. While he was in the water-closet she dosed herself with 'Nightmare', the love-potion his employer was testing; when he returned the sudden lust overloaded his senses and he died from a heart-attack.
“You can trust me, Sherlock”, his brother said coaxingly. “I am having to leave Danny behind. I know how difficult it is.”
“Next, Mr. Cooper took up an interest in the local theatrical society and was able to fund the purchase of several items for the group. In particular he secured a false front which ladies wear to give themselves the impression of a larger bust for reasons best known – and definitely best kept – to themselves. This was important as it would play a pivotal role in the transformation of a scrawny young blonde housemaid called Miss Lily Baker into a large, dark-haired older woman called Mrs. Ophelia Bollinger. He was careful there too; there is a real Mrs. Ophelia Bollinger who is indeed a psychic and who lives in Essex.”
And now I had to go into one of the top department stores in London with a full-on erection! He was definitely going to pay for that later.
“They will not”, she said with an absolute certainty. “Anyway I must go now. My card. You will inform me of your progress in this matter.”
Oddly enough we had been speaking of my grandson only the other week, and not just because of his wife giving birth to a daughter who was almost certainly not his. Come to that....
“He wants to make a film† about the Wriothesley case, 'A Study In Scarlet'”, I said, handing him the bag and not commenting on the happy whimpers that I got in return. “He thinks that it will be a great success, inviting the masses in to stare at our doings.”
“It has”, he said frowning, “and it is most worrisome. I administer Mr. Gable’s estate for him jointly with one Captain William Wulfram, the son of his old army friend. A most reliable gentleman; he quit the army after suffering an eye injury and now works in a bank over in Finsbury Park. He came to me last week, exceedingly worried. Mr. Gable has asked him about selling off his shares and other investments in order to buy jewellery. I am afraid that he means to present Mrs. Bollinger with some or all of it for her ‘efforts’. Then today…..”
I was suddenly having difficulty breathing as he coolly unlocked the thing and walked in. Inside there was indeed barely room to lie down and we knocked against each other as we tried to get undressed....
I walked unhesitatingly towards him. The thought to ask why never crossed what little remained of my mind, and even that began to crumble when he slowly started to remove my clothes.
Having said how different he was, it took me only a fraction of a second to realize that Mr. Bassett-Evans was indeed blood. Physically he could hardly have been more different from the slender and handsome elegance of my late and ill-starred half-brother Lord Tobias, yet this 'ugly duckling' shone with the sort of inner integrity which, even in this cynical day and age, was pure righteousness. It perhaps stood out more because his two friends were both good-looking in the conventional sense of the word, yet did not 'shine' like he did.
“That boy needs to get his damn finger out”, Mr. Malone said grumpily. “We're not getting any younger and we want to see the next generation!”
It was odd that I was thinking about my son because at that moment I heard his voice from outside. Leaving my resident blue-eyed genius in bed I pulled on a dressing-gown and went to the window. Sure enough it was my son. He looked strangely uncertain and I was immediately worried.
“I have two questions”, he said. “First to you, Lady Bradstock. From your knowledge of your father-in-law would you say that he is at all superstitious?”
“As bad as ever!” Mr. Smith smiled. “He passed sixty recently and when Chummy and the boys came round to help celebrate I made the mistake of saying that Fray was getting old. At least I was lucky enough to do it in a Friday; I was still limping when I went back to work on Monday. Oh, and Fray says to say thank you for helping get Fray Junior transfer into Greycoats; the boy was desperate to go there especially after his old school had to close down.”
“He and his dear Tiny”, our guest assured us. “Both behaving as badly as ever, of course. It is the political situation that brings me here today, for in your unwelcome guest downstairs I see a rather interesting opportunity.”
“Because I am not going to be taken for a fool, Mr. Holmes!” she said sharply. “Back home in the great state of Texas I am a school-teacher, and I have been lied to by the best. I have had boys who have stared at me unblinking and denied hitting someone, then did not even have the decency to blush when I told them that I had actually seen them do it! That man was hiding something, and I want Elizabeth to know the truth. I told her what the idiot said but I made it quite clear that I did not believe a word of it!”
The following day I set off for Golders Green being careful to time my arrival to just after eleven. I did not expect my reception to be warm – at least not at first – but I hoped that my target would hear me out. It was most definitely in his interests.
Lady Bradstock herself came out to greet and to usher us in. Once inside we met the rest of the family who were much as she had described. Her husband was young and smartly-dressed, definitely tending towards portliness (the fudge!) and had hair that was almost as bad as Sherlock’s. His two elder brothers both had the sandy-brown hair I could see in the many portraits in the entrance-hall and neither looked that pleased to see us. We were shown into the earl’s room where a gentleman in his late fifties was sat by the fire.
Oh a lighter note, I also remember being horrified by an advertisement for the new Morris Oxford† 'auto-mobile' (they were also being called 'cars' now, short for horseless carriages I supposed) which it was claimed could reach speeds of fifty miles per hour. However I did not, as some blue-eyed genius claimed, go on about it
Normally I would not have been inclined to help such a fellow had there not been two other factors in play. First the whole sorry mess had drawn in my unpleasant brother Randall, who was clearly chafing at the tight grip that Muriel now exerted on his life and was eager for some payback by getting his hands on this fellow and dragging him off to Grosvenor Square, where he would most likely be chopped up and sent back across the wide blue waters in a number of diplomatic bags. Second, the other fellow who was in the room with us, Captain Jonathan Higgins, was a close friend of Major Sholto under whom John had served under during his stint in Egypt three decades back. The captain had been appointed by the British government to keep an eye on Mr. Magnum during his stay as he had been sent over on a matter of business that was important in some way (clearly someone Over There had distrusted the fellow, rightly so as things had turned out), hence he was as eager as anyone to sort this whole thing out. Although from the way that he was looking across at the American, perhaps if I slipped the two of them out the back door an 'accident' might happen.....
“I have to tell you”, I interrupted, “that I have come into possession of your wife's diary in which she details the brutish way that you have behaved at home. You will not say or do anything against your wife, you will not make any further attempts to track down your youngest son, and you will cease your covert efforts to destroy your daughter's career as well. Should you persist in your current approach to any or all of these, I will have no choice but to reveal your base and utterly reprehensible behaviour to the newspapers. And to the society magazines.”
Murdered by the Dutch government, whose agents pushed him in front of a train. The unusual aspect in this instance is that he had already been reported as drowned in the loss of the steamer 'Friesland' where the same Dutch government had murdered his sixteen fellow passengers, so his twin brother Elisha was more than a little surprised to see him alive on the up platform of Manningtree Junction Station – but not for long.
at times (especially after the way we had marked the festive season at the start of the year!). The first powered flight had taken place in the United States shortly before our retirement, and the year of my son Ivan's case had seen the British Army's first powered airship† heralding a new age of war that would now take to the skies. As with my concerns over eugenics which I mentioned elsewhere I increasingly felt that technology was a mixed blessing, and that Mankind might come to rue inventing some things sooner rather than later. Plus I still reserved a special dislike for those ghastly 'auto-mobiles' although my son clearly loved the metal death-traps!
That had been early summer and now, at the start of our last month in Baker Street we were having another breakfast together (yes he was
“One moment”, I said, mentally adding this villain's hatred of my birth country to his long list of failings. “I will need rather more if I am to be of assistance. For one thing, who is this sergeant-major?”
He gestured to one of the posts on the stile leading to the Hall, and looking closer I could see that someone had cut a groove in the top. A groove that would be ideal for a gun-rest.
A shade too firmly. I had been right again, not that there had been anything unusual about that of course. It was lucky that I was such a supremely modest fellow (as I was always telling Watson) or such a thing may well have gone to my head.
I looked at him in surprise. Sixty-four now, Sherlock had grown into what one newspaper had rather daringly called recently ‘a silver fox’, the grey and the dark in perfect balance in his always untidy hair making him look positively gorgeous. Whatever the Fates threw at the Watson and Holmes clans, at least I still had him.
“How will she be able to both get her lawyer and keep track of them once we reach London?” John asked.
“How gross, exactly?” I asked. I had seen a lot in my time and I had also read some of my mother's stories, so it would surely take a lot to unsettle me. Especially after 'West Wing', where a seemingly respectable lord of the manor had turned half his house into a brothel.
That summer England was ablaze with colour as the country marked the coronation of our new monarch. There was I thought, something almost desperate in the people’s urge to celebrate while they could; after the Tangiers and Bosnian Crises the Germans had once again been forced to back away from Morocco because the British had stood by their French allies. But our luck could not hold for ever, hence the urge to party like it was still the nineteenth century.
“Only because we both know that it provokes you”, he grinned. “And you are an even better lover when you are in one of those jealous rages. But you can punish me for it when we get back to Baker Street!”
“Human nature”, he said wryly. “It is part of the human psyche to want to find someone to blame when things go wrong, and we can all agree that the current world economic situation is very, very wrong. I have read the writings of this new German leader and he seems mentally disturbed, to put it politely.”
We were interrupted by one of the molly-men coming in with his takings. He was a strikingly muscular fellow who had to be around forty years of age, massively broad shoulders and absurdly small hips that had to render him absurdly top-heavy. It was fortunate that I was not the jealous sort and that had still better well not be another damn smirk!
The answer when it came was startling. Suddenly a black shadow appeared in the distance, and then night quite literally passed over us. I could see the still blue sky out to see but that too rapidly darkened, and then it was pitch dark except for the lights of people below us.
I frantically downed more and more water until the vile taste was finally gone. Even then the memory of it was awful!
“Absolutely not!” he said firmly, blanching at the prospect. “If that dratted woman comes anywhere near this place I am reaching for my shotgun, diplomatic niceties be damned! But if Hector agrees then I shall invite Miss Woodhouse up for the day – provided that she promises not to bring her loud friend! – and we shall see what we shall see.”
“Something has happened”, he said urgently, “or is about to happen. I feared that it might, but the warning I had was only vague until just now. It will concern a gentleman who you helped before, a Mr. Lion Buckingham.”
The following day Sherlock decided to pay a call on Mr. Galahad LeStrade whose house was in Southwark just across the river. Number Sixteen Nightingale Lane was a reasonable quality property for the area and my friend knocked at the door. It was opened by a young fellow of whom I quickly noticed three things. First, he was about twenty years of age, with curly chestnut locks framing a boyish face. Second (because some blue-eyed bastard insisted that I mention this trifling and utterly insignificant little detail) he was I suppose arguably attractive in a certain light, and third, he was wearing only a pair of impossibly tight underpants that.... well, they did not so much cover up as proclaim to the world what lay beneath!
We had been there about twenty minutes – the cake slices had not made it past ten! – when one of the servants crossed the room and struck the huge gong so hard that our ears rang. The huge doors at the other end of the room swung open and I recognized Bill and Ben, dressed in their normal clothes and each carrying a tall if scrawny fellow in an implacable grip. The Baddesley brothers, both unprepossessing fellows in their mid- to late teens. The eunuchs threw their charges to the floor in front of the throne, bowed to the sheikh then withdraw but not before each taking out their own scimitar and resting it point-down before them.
“I used my abilities, such as they are, rather than any psychic powers”, I said. “I began by looking for motive because criminals are, mercifully, not prone to do their evil deeds without reason. The arrival of Mrs. Bollinger upset four people; your son, grandson, and the two gentlemen administering your estate. I decided that your blood had more to gain so I focussed on them.”
It had been two wonderful years since our last dealings with a Cornish ex-fisherman of whom I was not the least bit jealous and that had bloody better well not be a smirk or.... I would not be happy. Now we were in London that November and some horrible bastard insisted on us calling in on him no matter how much I pouted (and I did not pout!).
That spring I read of the final passing of old Colonel Warburton down in Hampshire, and immediately wondered if his mother would now honour her promise and inform our son of his true ancestry. So my son's next letter came as a bolt from the blue; I knew that his mother had herself been ill over the winter but it had been much more serious than I had been led to believe, and she had followed her father-in-law into the hereafter within the month. Worse, she had failed to tell Ivan the truth as she had promised! I felt cheated as if I had somehow 'lost' a son but Ivan remained in contact with me after the events of Northamptonshire and I supposed that at least I was an honorary second father. Even if it was a poor consolation prize.
“The 'Titanic'!” I almost shouted. “She has sunk, with most of those on board lost! The ship that they called unsinkable!”†
No, not on his head. It was most definitely jingle all the way, and so much fun to ride out the old year with a bang!
“I need you inside me”, I said desperately wanting to tear all his clothes off of that gorgeous body but somehow managing (just) to refrain from so doing. “Take me, John. Make me yours again.”
I was still working on my writings that evening when Sherlock went to bed and I muttered that I would not be long as I was wrestling with a particularly tricky part of my story concerning the 'disappearance' of Lady Frances Carfax. After some effort I had the story the way I wanted it and put my papers away before going to my room to undress. Then I slipped across to Sherlock's room slowly pushing the door open. He was laid on the bed reading, wearing those black-framed square reading-glasses of his.
finger-prints are on that ticket to Leicester, a ticket that she should never have been anywhere near. No, they will get her my friend.”
1914. In the months before the terrible Great War, the suffragettes continue in their determined and successful efforts to lose public support while Sherlock and John discuss films (which, Sherlock being Sherlock, leads to Sherlock discussing Something Else). John is also able to help out the son of someone who still leers at his man.
The year started with one of those strange coincidences, when we both received wedding invitations for both of us to attend different weddings on the same day. John's son Ivan was getting married to a lady that he had been courting for at least a year while my grandson Trelawney Hawke was also tying the knot with, unfortunately in his case with one Miss Samantha Bexley. Naturally I had had our friend Mr. Edward 'Ginger' Tudor check out both ladies and while Miss Gower was a charming creature, Miss Bexley was …. regrettably still breathing.
My great-nephew stared back at the visitor and his eyes widened perceptibly. Mr. Irons actually growled and Sherlock interposed himself swiftly between the young men, placing a warning hand on the visitor's shoulder.
Not long after our return from Northumberland we learned the dreadful news that Captain Robert Falcon Scott's bid to become the first man to reach the South Pole had not only failed but had cost the lives of him and his brave fellow adventurers. Such were the perils of our age, I supposed.
“I do”, he smiled. “It is in that writing-desk; the second drawer down on the left. I would be grateful if you could fetch it sir; I am quite comfortable here with my Jumbo!”
Clearly I would have to up my game here. I moved round to kiss his other ankle before working my way slowly up his left leg to where his cock was now at full mast and leaking pre-come. Not wanting to make things easy for him I switched my attentions to his left hand, gently removing it from his book and kissing each finger before taking it into my mouth then working my way up his muscled arm. He growled but continued to read his book which I could now see was one about bees. No way was I coming second to that!
The visit of king-emperor and president to the theatre was for obvious reasons done anonymously, and judging from the large but not massive crowds waiting outside the secrecy had worked. I only hoped that Sherlock's preparations to prevent any attack would work, too.
“Some poor fellow with even less taste than me has just got on”, he grinned. “Normal clothes but all grey.”
I sighed, and decided to lie back and think of England while he had his way with me. There were worse fates.
My father never coped well with emotions, and we both knew that extreme emotions always led to him hurrying off to fuck my godfather until he had gotten it out of his system. I shook my head.
A member of the Church authorities, he was fingered in a whistle-blower case and fled to the Reverend Rival's church purportedly in fear for his life. Sherlock found out that he was in fact a child-abuser and he was handed over to the authorities having 'fallen' on the way. He did not survive his first month in gaol.
Come Friday morning it 'just chanced' that Mr. Day Penmarrick called by – seriously, could he have found a skimpier set of vest and shorts? – and was visibly eager to come into the house to check up on us. Just as John was visibly determined to block his way, even if he had to lean on the doorpost throughout their conversation. When I remarked how 'handsome' and 'fit' the
"All the way around the world from where he was conceived, and he ends up just steps away from my old house", John smiled. "It really is becoming a very small world."
“We'd likely have won the title if Ned had moved here at the start rather than halfway through the season”, Mr. James Forthright continued, inadvertently answering one of my questions. “We came second though, our best in a while. When we started this season everything was fine – until that match last week against Alnwick.”
Said smirking blue-eyed bastard received a telegram during my brother's stay but unusually did not tell me what was in it, although I did note that it had come from abroad. We accompanied Stevie back to Berwick Station on his last full day when my love surprised him and me by asking if he might divert to Edinburgh on his way home and deliver some important documents that my friend needed sent to a lawyer in the Scottish capital (Stevie was living in Helensburgh just north of Glasgow at this time, having been made a full partner in his firm and put in charge of all its Scottish branches). In return Sherlock paid for an upgrade to first-class accommodation for my brother which was nice of him, although I was suspicious as I had thought he had told me that he had sold his Scottish interests some years back. Still, I said nothing. I trusted my Sherlock.
I stared at him suspiciously. He was only on his second cup of coffee, and that sentence had been far too long for him at this time of a morning.
John sighed with relief once the handsome American was gone, but it was not to be his lucky day. Barely half an hour later a card was sent up from another caller, and my eyebrows rose when I saw the name on it. I told Betty to send the gentleman straight up.
“Sort of, sir”, he admitted, scratching his impressive red thatch. His wife had decided that she liked him to have one of those again fashionable stubbled beards so he now looked even more like a dopey Celtic warrior that someone had dressed in a police uniform, but anyone who had won the confidence of Miss St. Leger had to be a lot more than that. “I was looking into something else and I came across this. It is.... kind of gross.”
Looking up at him I wondered if that was what it had felt like to sail beneath the Colossus of Rhodes, that short-lived wonder of the Ancient World. Except Sherlock was a living breathing wonder who was already dragging me off to the main room. The famous fireside chair had of course been replaced, the original one now residing in our little cottage otherwise the room was just as we left it all those years ago. Sherlock seated me on the couch my erection already rising again despite my sixty-two years and squatted naked over me before lowering himself onto me, taking me so quickly I nearly blacked out. I was supposed to be the one in charge here, but Sherlock was literally dragging the orgasm out of me and I came a second time with a satisfied grunt.
gone on about for hours whatever any blue-eyed person claimed!) and it had perhaps been a blessing in a poor disguise as he had been unable to sign up as a result. He had a slight limp and used a walking-stick but was still a fine figure of a man, very much a second Fraser Macdonald.
I felt even better after we had met Sergeant Brent Richards, who seemed the sort of policemen that we needed on this case. A young fellow (again), tall with short-cropped black curly hair, he was fully prepared to let Sherlock and I look at the evidence although he did admit that things looked black for my son.
Our inn at Kirkcudbright was basic but functional, and we had adjoining single rooms with a connecting door which was good. I was not surprised therefore when Sherlock came to my room that night, and I smiled as he stood at the far end of the bed slipping off his dressing-gown.
“I used to come here as a boy and just stare out to sea for hours on end”, John said as we walked along a sandy beach towards the impressive castle, looming large on the horizon. “Some days I would only get as far as Budle and paddle in the bay there but most times I made it here and imagined myself a brave knight back in ancient times, even if that was more medieval than Dark Ages England.”
“Says the man who came all this way just because he couldn't wait”, I bitched hugging him close to me. “These last ten days have been horrible, John. I am never being separated from you for that long ever again!”
I worked my way up his impressive body – so much more massive than my own although still all muscle, and also so much more to work into a happy puddle of goo – and toyed with his nipples. Impressively after coming so violently that he had nearly bucked himself off the bed, he began to get hard again.
Born in 1720, the son of the rakish Lord Paul Hawke so grandson to his predecessor. Because of his father's untimely death he acceded at the age of eleven but his uncle Trelawney successfully steered the estate through to his majority. Harry was like his grandfather spectacularly dull – it was said that he could suck the joy out of a room merely by entering it – although he did expand the family fortune and kept clear of politics despite having a wife and family who did not.
“Meanwhile Mr. Brown has returned unnoticed to the works and has obtained the copy of the plans that his rival has been working on. These he brings to his partner in crime at the railway-station. He cannot have been among those who attacked his rival otherwise he would surely have spotted the obvious and corrected her error over the hair.”
“Three of your local youths beat up Mr, Leeds”, Sherlock said. “They used a similar description of the fellow who employed them, except that they also said he had smelled really badly of cologne. Which is what I expected.”
We made the train to Paddington in good time and fortunately the woman did not try to get closer to her quarry.
Born in 1944, the eldest son of Baron Tobias. A wild child when younger but fortunately he settled down and did well during his tenure. He guided the estate through the difficult years of New Labour. The family was one of the few to retain their seat in the House of Lords.
The war started badly for the Entente, with the British and French armies pushed back and Paris itself coming under bombardment at one point before the Germans were pushed back. But they had clearly been prepared for just such an eventuality, and from the Channel to the Swiss border there appeared the terrible trenches that would ensure the war (on the Western Front, at least) mostly went nowhere for the next three and a half years, while millions of innocent young men died just because the vile Kaiser Bill wanted even more land. War was horrible!
“I had Constable Davis down in Irchester take her statement”, he said. “He is very sharp, one of our best men. When he brought me it, he said that he thought she was doing that lying without lying thing.”
I was very pointedly not smirking, despite the extreme provocation of my beloved pouting his displeasure. Although this time he had more than one cause.
“Fortunately the matter is in hand”, he said, a smile returning. “Father contacted me, I went to the inimitable Miss St. Leger – she is briefly back in London while Mr. Zeuson finishes the extension to their new home in Dunwich – and she is using her not inconsiderable talents to quietly recall all the copies of the dratted rag. If we tried to pull them openly there would of course be a rush on the things. Also she is 'having a word' with the magazine publishers.”
“Having a gun with live bullets in it is dangerous especially in a theatre with so many people”, Sherlock said. “I managed to catch him at the start of the interlude swapping the gun with blanks for his own weapon and leaving it in the drawer from which he extracted it in the final scene. Once he had gone to his room I replaced the bullets with something more colourful.”
“We have just acquired a new and very clever grandparent”, Lord Tobias said roundly. “But of course we will respect your decision, sir.”
On arriving at Penzance we went out onto the station forecourt to find two horse-drawn 'buses waiting for us. Steam-powered road vehicles were coming into use at that time but they were still slow and unreliable, and doubtless the Great Western Railway was waiting to see if the route paid enough before indulging in that sort of expenditure. We got on board the Newlyn omnibus which was almost empty; the Marazion one was about one-quarter full.
“Keep your mind on the subject, John”, he growled, applying a cock-ring – the unmovable one, damn the fellow! – before rubbing the feather gently up and down my cock. “The jumper?”
did not mean that I was whipped thank you very much!). Although there had been the paddle two nights back....
items, they will conclude that all three are of considerable worth. Your grandfather has his last joke – and when your cousins find out, I am sure that they will be
“Your friend called round at that time of day?” I asked. “Surely it had to have been an emergency if it was that early?”
“What about his son?” I asked. My lost nephew's wife had given him one son, called Wilhelm after the German emperor and born last year. Her husband had cut off all communication with his English relatives after he had gone abroad.
1919. John does not pout, nor does he sulk when 'Elementary' welcomes a royal visitor and his bodyguard. Even when both the bastards leer at HIS Sherlock!
I looked back up at the small Park Lane flat from which I had just come, and felt the bulge of the documents that I had just been given in my coat pocket. My poor, poor Sherlock.
“He does not seem to have aged enough considering he is barely a few years younger than us”, I groused. “I know damn well what he wants when I see that look on his face.”
He tailed off. Poor Jack. My nephew always came over as someone who was so bright and breezy but I knew that he did truly love his flibbertigibbet of a wife, and that this would hurt him greatly.
“That was when Mr. Briggs smiled at Tan 'the wrong way'”, he snapped. “Not the same at all; Trey only got banned because he went and knocked the fool fellow clean out. Not because he has relatives who were caught going at it
As part of the Coronation celebrations that year, the General Post Office was running a trial air-mail service between the new air-base at Northolt in Middlesex, some miles west of London, and the Postmaster General's house at Windsor in Berkshire, about twelve miles as the crow flies. It had started on the ninth of September and the first flight had been managed in an impressive eighteen minutes. I had found it interesting but had not of course remarked upon it to my beloved, knowing how the mere thought of height made him nauseous. Besides that had been only a week after my fifty-ninth birthday and we were both.... let us say that we were not getting any younger.
John's son had been worried that a fellow that he knew down at the garage had been sacked after having been thrown out of his house when his wife had decided to leave him for someone else, and I had promised to arrange for a new house for the victim, a Mr. Lawrence Lamb, which I had been able to do via the wonders of the telephone. It was good to spread a little happiness around; what else was money for?
“It was after the match against Tynedale, the one before Alnwick”, he said sadly. “I'd had my suspicions – Ned and I had crossed paths in our work before the Company reassigned him to Belford and he moved into the end cottage the row where I live – but when the three of us were in the showers that day I caught him looking at Bill and Jay.”
1918. The terrible war claims the lives of two men known to the dynamic duo as it finally begins to move against the Triple Alliance. Someone is in for an unexpected stay behind bars, and a family friend has to delay his retirement.
“I rather think that she is too clever for that”, the lawyer said. “I spoke with Mr. Gable some time ago and he said he had offered her a sum of money merely for expenses which the lady had refused. But that was before the events of last week.”
“She is about twenty-five, plain and thin”, Mrs. Gable said. “Blonde hair and does not wash her hands often enough, but I suppose one has to take what one can get in this day and age. One hopes that she will improve with time, or she will be out.”
Sherlock said nothing but sat himself down in a chair and focussed his azure gaze on the businessman. Who I was not surprised to see was already sweating.
With the war thankfully over the seas had become open again, and this had enabled two more gentlemen from our past to come and visit us. That they were King Tane of Strafford Island and his court steward My. Anthony 'Tiny' Little (who seemed even less little than I remembered him!), and that both were quite clearly leering at me..... I was in for a rough evening once they had gone.
It was a couple of weeks after that when it happened. I was pottering around the garden when I heard a cry from inside the house. I raced – all right, hurried – inside and found my love staring at the morning mail in shock. He did not seem to be in pain but he was crying as he pointed wordlessly to the small framed item that he had dropped, thankfully onto the couch. I stared at it, turned it the right side up then gulped.
That was it. I came violently, moaning my release to the four close walls and he followed me barely a second later, painting my chest with his spend. It was heaven.
with Sherlock then hid her daughter out in South Africa somewhere, and lied to your friend when he found out the truth about their son. It must have been done that way because otherwise Mrs. Zeuson would surely have learned the truth.”
Ginger came round again the following day. The headlines in the 'Times' had most definitely not made pleasant reading for the upper reaches of the Metropolitan Police Service, and they were now minus one useless sergeant who had been sacked for lying to his superiors and abjectly failing to do his duty. Regretfully I would have to have the fellow before me monitor things in case they tried to slip the rogue back in, but for now arguably the most useless policeman in London Town was finished.
his Italian stallion lovers down to see us in the cottage! I had had to fuck him long and hard for the best part of a whole day in order to talk him out of it.
Disowned after his vile acid attack on Sherlock, this former family member still kept on keeping on. After a rousing speech against the women's suffrage movement he had a six-course meal, and the final course proved one too many.
It was damnably unfair of our former landlady and her husband to laugh at that as it was completely untrue. Almost completely untrue. And that had better not be another damn smirk!
I really should not even have thought that, as the mind-reading bastard is now looking way too thoughtful. Damnation!
The third thing was the attempt by Irish nationalists to stab our Nation in the back with their Easter Rising. Incredibly some of them approached Lady Holmes for assistance but luckily for them there was a hospital nearby (it was quite wrong of Sherlock to frown at me when I had suggested that she could have been even more cruel by making them listen to some of her dreadful stories). Talking of which Sherlock, who could be cruel when the urge came upon him, had received a telegram from his brother Randall boasting about how now he was on the Continent he no longer had to read any of their mother's dreadful stories – so my love arranged with his parent for them to be specially couriered to the pest, with demands for full reviews once he had suff.... read them.
“The relationship with Mr. Budar is all but over”, Sherlock reassured me, “as the fellow in question is returning to his home country very soon. But your niece – a leopard does not change its spots, as they say.”
left, you naturally assumed that that was where his wealth was, even though if you had stopped to think you might have realized that that door lay to the
He undid the blindfold and I was temporarily blinded by the brightness of the early evening light even though the sun itself was just over the crest of the hill. Then I stared in astonishment at the sight before me.
“Who?” I asked, wishing for another muffin to at least distract me a little. He handed me one and I started on it eagerly. He let me finish before telling me who it was, and I nodded.
“They're our local rivals, sir”, Mr. William Forthright said, “so you'd expect a bit of argy-bargy and all. But they went after Ned and roughed him up good and proper. He had to be taken off at half-time.”
“How long for?” Sherlock asked, nodding at me for some reason before looking suspiciously at his brother.
that he is making up for lost time but it has been ten years since the divorce and he is as insatiable as... well, as some relatives that I could mention!”
“I suppose I had better start by explaining the area”, he said. “The Mazarin Stone is we think as old as Stonehenge but is a solitary standing stone set in a field by the river for reasons as yet unknown. We have made some digs around it to see if there were ever any other stones nearby but have found nothing. The thing is huge and not of any rock type found in this area, and the nearest place one can find it is up in Moray, so it must have either been rolled or floated here for whatever reason. The local legend is that the ancient peoples regarded it as a fertility symbol, and even today some villagers still swear by it.”
“Poor Bronn”, Mr. Lannister sighed. “Your invitation caught us just at the end of our heats, and it was the second time we had decided to stay in rather than go to a nearby town or village. We had to virtually carry him to the station; he was so grateful to you springing for a sleeper car that he slept the whole way down.”
He looked at me frostily. If he Pouted then I could not be held responsible for any horizontal or even vertical repercussions, waiting general or no waiting general!
1907. John Watson had thought that little if anything could have persuaded him to leave his cottage and his insatiable blue-eyed lover – but when family calls for help he has to answer. Sherlock smells out the guilty party in this 'combustible' case.
1928. Sherlock uses his words then aims for (and gets) gold, which leads John to consider a divorce.
I was torn. The doctor still in me had always followed the tenet of 'first do no harm' up to and including the act of saving that villain Moriarty's on a London dockside. Even though I had come to regret that, I could not willingly hurt someone unless my own or Sherlock's life was threatened.
Even better, Mr. Holmes who'd helped me out arranged for old Geoff next door to get that job he'd wanted down in Yorkshire, and Ned moved in there. He was now only a connecting door away, which was great. Even if I was in a bit of a state when we walked to work every morning – my man really knew how to wake someone up of a morning!
“I wish to know the full story of 'Lieutenant Addleford'”, Sherlock said. “It is only fair that I tell you I know who he really is, or at least I know his origins. I also know why you did what you did that day.”
See under Master Stuart MacInnes. These young villains would not be the last to think that diplomatic immunity would protect them. They too were mistaken.
“His sense of humour has got even worse ever since he and Mother kept on emulating you”, he groused. “Five brothers and three sisters is more than enough proof of that!”
fellow is not portraying you as a pouting trigger-happy chocolate-mad badly-dressed imbecile with a tidiness fetish!” I grouched.
“Not this one!” Mr. Malone said fervently. “She was so High Church we suspected her of angling to become the next Archbishop of bloody Canterbury! And one of her favourite high horses was the evil of the demon drink; she went on about it all the time.”
“This discovery places the landlady in a somewhat difficult position”, Sherlock went on. “She does not wish to
“I do know all the signals now”, I said defensively. “For example, waving my hand up and down means I am slowing dowwwwww!”
“I see”, Sherlock said. “I suppose that your artists run true to form and will not be in until later this morning?”
“I do not think that there is much danger of this service being extended on to Mousehole if they can only get four passengers including us off the London express”, I said, “But we have some time here to monitor things, so we shall see if the numbers improve.”
“I wonder if I can get you to come a second time without even being inside of you?” he mused. I was about to object when I felt his hand tickling at the base of my cock, teasing my prostate from outside while the vibrator nudged it from within.
The first of these two matters had occurred some eight years back and had left poor Lion an orphan. Fortunately I had been able to persuade Father to adopt him as I had always wished for a brother (I had long known such a thing was all but impossible because my own birth had been so hard for poor Mother). The adoption process went through without a hitch – I was sure that Mr. Holmes helped there too as I knew from a friend of mine how obstructive some officials could be these days – and I obtained for a sibling someone kind, generous and giving who made those with less tolerable or even downright annoying brothers and sisters justifiably jealous. We had grown to be men in peace and harmony but over the past year a cloud had come over our lives, or at least his.
“I have one more question”, Sherlock said, sending me another annoying nod. “One of the reviews mentioned a scene where Mr. Cumberbatch walks behind a pillar in the middle of the stage and then disappears. Am I to assume that a trapdoor is involved?”
He gulped and visibly shook at the sight of the new nurse, who was very clearly observing us. We left unhurriedly and as the cab began to drive away she came out after us.
“It was nothing improper”, he said a little defensively. “Ruth does photography as a hobby and some of the boys agreed to pose for her. There are rules in the Army about making money elsewhere but we made it all fair and right by them; they all know that for all they call me a bastard behind my back I am a man of my word. I had no idea the damn things would be so popular that my friend down in London would get a gallery to take some. Now the general has gotten his teeth into it, nothing will let the blackguard let go.”
The summer of 1905 saw the Moroccan (or Tangiers) Crisis, the first of three scares that could have precipitated a global conflict when the German Kaiser made an attempt to split the now official
The meeting with Mr. Lionel Delaware took place in his Wellingborough offices on the following Sunday. In the days leading up to it Sherlock proved that he was as sure-footed as ever in our relationship, never missing a chance to touch me for reassurance and always allowing me to be as close to him as I wanted. I do not know why but the threat to my son made me that much needier than normal, not so much for sex as for simple contact. Thankfully I had Sherlock so that need was more than fulfilled.
“Not that”, my love whispered in my ear making me jump. “You did say that you would do anything for my birthday, John?”
“Poor Bronn”, Mr. Dayne smiled as Mr. Blackwater snuggled into Mr. Lannister's broad chest. “Jaime's and my heats started up again at the start of this year; much shorter than before but even more intense. We managed at first, but then I had a really bad bout of winter flu and it somehow affected my, er, timing.”
“You must understand, gentlemen”, he said, “that I have been a sergeant-major for nearly a decade. They keep wanting to promote me but I have seen the next level up and I hate it. I think that I am good at what I do and I enjoy doing it. Most times.”
