I know these last couple of chapters have been intense. I wanted to leave you (and maybe myself too) with a little comfort and a few kisses.
“Are you sure? Because the way you looked…” he trailed off, shaking his head, his eyes shining. “I’ve never seen you look like that before.”
John’s bubble bath was eucalyptus and spearmint scented and the small space was filled with the spiky sweet smell that prickled the inside of my nose. It was an intriguing scent and one that made my senses perk up, bringing me right to the edge of arousal. I liked burying my face in John’s neck after he had soaked in it. It was masculine somehow, and assertive. It made me want to remove all my clothes.
Sherlock’s scalp tingled with curiosity—John's mum was the woman Sherlock had seen in the window—but he set it aside as he focused on the task before him. He set three small bowls on the tray beside the tea things and filled them each with honey: the clover, the blackberry, and lastly, from his home hives, the floral. He slid a small silver spoon into each golden ambrosial pool and then went to join Charlie outside.
All of them had had evidence of American Foulbrood except for one and the inspector that Sherlock had been required by law to call in had confirmed that he would need to burn that last hive too as a precaution.
John feels as if his lips are swollen and bruised, but it only makes him kiss harder to hear the pained little sound of pleasure Sherlock makes in response.
“I want to undress you,” he said, the words licked, hot and wet, into my ear. “And I don’t want you to help. Ok?”
Ellen, chewing, held up the back of her hand to hide her mouth as she said, “Sounds fine to me. Don’t think Zoe would have any objections either.”
John plants his feet against the tabletop and thrusts. Burying himself deep inside Sherlock, as deep as he can get. Over and over again until he feels Sherlock spill against him, blood hot, his body clenching tight around John, carrying them over together.
Sherlock took another drink of tea, giving himself time to consider how he should answer this. John seemed to sense his reticence. “You just seem a little young and...unburdened, yeah? For this area, I mean.”
“No, no, what are you doing?” he gasped, his eyes flying open, as I clambered up to straddle his lap.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” John gasps, hand spasming around his twitching, leaking prick, watching, helpless, as Sherlock climbs off the bed and steps over to the chair, turning around to face John as he straddles the seat and lowers himself down.
John reaches underneath his chair and fishes out the wand. It’s lightweight, but he can see the thicker instrument it’s attached to, which has a bit more heft. He turns the device on, the whirring drone once more filling the sitting room, and then reaches behind him and slips it underneath the band of his boxers so that it’s resting in the small of his back.
“Have a nice weekend, Nancy. I’ll see you on Monday then?” John says, turning, as Nancy takes him by the shoulders and reaches up to plant two waxy lipsticked kisses on his cheeks, which she then proceeds to wipe away (smear all over) with her thumbs.
“What would she have smelled like?” you asked, looking up at me, dappled in the shifting light from a wind-tossed tree filtering sunbeams through the open door at my back.
John licks his lips, the skin burning and dry. Sherlock’s hand glides over his cock, slippery, shiny, and dark with blood, circling tight around the fat glistening crown, before smoothing back down. His stomach heaves and his nipples gather themselves up into two rosy peaks.
Tom waited a few beats to see if Sherlock was done speaking. “I apologize for causing you distress in an already fraught moment. I hear that my actions felt like a rupture of trust that I need to work with you on repairing. I wonder if we could spend some time today talking through what you would like to have happen if there is a time in the future when I feel you might be in danger.”
Sherlock, using three fingers on each hand, strokes the length of John’s crack, just skating over John’s arsehole on each pass.
“You said…” John had prepared a speech in the shower and now he can’t remember a single word of it. Sherlock reaches for him, hands curling around John’s shoulders. He tugs.
“Here.” John grips him, kissing him all the while. The skin on his lips scorched from the rough sandpaper drag of Sherlock’s prickling stubble. Lifting up his balls he guides Sherlock between his thighs.
On screen John is drawing Sherlock up onto his knees, Sherlock is twisting his body so that John can rock up and kiss him. A few seconds pass before Sherlock can unlock his fingers from where he has been gripping the seatback and the screen pauses on a shot of Sherlock slowly lowering himself down onto John’s cock.
Sherlock makes a high whinging sound and rolls his head against John’s shoulder as if he’s too far gone to manage this instruction.
John feels a hot blush break down his body at the disdain laden in Sherlock’s voice, in his words. This is instructive already, John thinks, trying to steel himself against the sadness that threatens to seep through and engulf him.
“That’s a bit dramatic, isn’t it?” Sherlock scoffed, defensive. “What’s he supposed to do when he hasn’t any help?”
Sherlock spread out the dying embers in the fireplace and cleared his things to the sink, which was now full. Resigned, Sherlock filled it with warm, soapy water and set to scrubbing them clean, knowing that it would make tomorrow easier if he did this small chore now. A light came on in the house on the hill. The bandage around his finger was loosening in the water and the heat stung his exposed nail bed. He would need to change the plaster before he went to bed. His thoughts turned easily to John Watson. The crisp, clean-cut appearance, the dark blue eyes, the side swept smile, the efficient, capable way he had seen to Sherlock’s finger, the comfortable, natural ease with which they had spoken. The feel of his hand holding Sherlock’s. He thought about Sunday as he dried the plates and teacups and put them away. He thought about what he would show Charlie. He thought about his personal hives and how he had come to love them. How he woke up each day to greet them, how he met them in the lane when he went for walks, how attuned he had become to their sounds, their patterns, their lives. He would give the Watsons honey from his home hives, he decided as he climbed the stairs to bed, imagining the precocious girl in the yellow wellies and the blonde doctor in his buttoned up shirt.
“Fucking hell, Harry, you can’t be—“ he says, grabbing it from her hand, only to have it slosh over the rim. “—serious. Clara, how could—“ John breaks off to lick his thumb and realises.
During his time at the Bede John had heard statistics bandied about by other participants that joy was just as overwhelming to the nervous system as pain. Indeed, that people were just as likely to relapse after something good happened to them as when something bad happened to them. Was that why people meted out pleasure? Because it was just as dysregulating as pain?
His mind rebelled against him. Remembering the thrill of the chase and the challenge to his mind as he solved the trickiest of problems. A flush of heat climbed up his neck to burn in his cheeks.
Sherlock felt John study him, his eyes moving over the side of Sherlock’s face, taking in his obvious reticence and the fierce red of his flushed cheeks. “You don’t have to tell me if—”
He has to. It is as simple as that. Sherlock needs the protection while he figures out how to beat Moriarty at his own game.
I followed the path into Regent’s Park and for a brief moment could almost feel the weight of the lead in my hand, hear the clatter of nails on the pavement. I pulled my coat tighter around me and ducked my head into the wind, dread a cold stone in my belly.
Sherlock started to chuckle, but just then there was the crash of a door slamming in the distance. All of them turned to look through the trees towards the Watson house. They could just make out a figure coming down the back steps of the porch through the trunks.
“I think I am dreaming,” he says, voice pitched low, his eyes moving softly over your face. “I think I’m going to wake up tomorrow and this will all have been in my mind.”
You wear your best suit. The Prada shirt the colour of mulberries striking against your pale skin, your dark hair; it tinges your steel-blue eyes the barest bit periwinkle at the edges of your irises.
“I know,” Sherlock says, as John leans in once more to kiss him deeply, as if he can’t help himself. The prickle of his beard sends Sherlock’s body into overdrive, his skin tingling.
A portion of the comments I'm getting lately are focused on how you wish I were doing things, implying that I'm writing this story wrong, that you're not enjoying it and that I should fix it, and they are really harshing my squee. I know not all of them are meant critically, I know some are just meant to convey what you're looking forward to, but since it happens from different people pretty much every time I post now, it's starting to get to me.
John was lost to us as Toby, the black and white and tan Australian shepherd with two intelligent brown eyes, who Mike and his wife had been unable to train as a therapy dog, but who was, in all other respects, a wonderful hound, tackled him to the ground and began enthusiastically licking his face.
John smirks. “I would have thought it would be you not wrapping our car around a tree while I have a wank in the back seat.”
Despite all his propensity towards getting himself embroiled in dangerous situations and taking up with the likes of someone like me, within that same chest beat John Watson’s heart and truly,
Sherlock made a few notes, but otherwise blocked out most of the rest of the meeting. He was thinking about what Noor had said about how they kept doing the same things and expecting different results.
Tina, one of the temp nurses who fills in occasionally, had chatted him up a bit at the surgery today and the old John, the John of one week ago, he would have pounced. Would have invited her for a drink after work. Tina was pretty, plump with long dark hair and a first rate arse. But he hadn’t. He’d been too distracted by the thought of what he could get up to. On his own.
John holds his gaze as the head of the toy touches his skin. John bears down and Sherlock presses it slowly inside. They both exhale together as it slides home, the ribbing catching John’s hole in tiny bursts that fizz out to snap in his fingertips and toes.
“It was my grandmother’s,” Sherlock says, slipping the band out of the notch and tossing the box down onto the bed behind him. “My mother’s mother. This was her house.”
John’s smile is crooked and affectionate and Sherlock doesn’t deserve it, but he basks in it anyway. “I think maybe instead of you not coming, we see just how many times I can make you come today.”
“Well, you’re lying to yourself, John. You’ve had a bleeding hero complex ever since you were young. You did it with mum. You did it with me. You did it in med school. In the army. With Sherlock. You love a hopeless case. John, look at me. You cannot save everyone, love. We’re all fucked up one way or another. Some of us are fucked up beyond repair, just like dad. Nothing you did could have stopped him from drinking and beating her. Nothing Clara did could have stopped me from blacking out and cheating on her. It’s a question of whether or not you’re willing to work on lessening how fucked up you are. Do you think Sherlock is willing to do that? Are you?”
,” they moan together as Sherlock sinks, sinks down into John, melting into John, merging with John.
Flattens his hands to Sherlock’s hips, pressing him into the wall, and gets his mouth on him. Fits the round head of his boy to the back of his throat and swallows.
“You could,” John says, against them. Hushed. “Make yourself take this.” His tongue darts out to touch Sherlock’s fingertips. "You could, for instance, make sure it's nice and deep."
This time Sherlock arranges John perpendicular across the bed, his legs bent over the edge, feet on the ground. A pillow beneath his knees, Sherlock kneels between John’s legs.
“So say it anyway?” John squeezes his hand around Sherlock’s ribs, gently, as Sherlock resumes stroking his hair.
A drop of fluid rolls off the tip of John’s cock and onto Sherlock’s belly. They both watch, rapt, as another joins it. And another.
“Sit up, will you?” Sherlock asks, setting the rod down on the mattress beside him and nodding towards the pile of pillows at the head of the bed.
John strokes Sherlock’s sides with his palms. “You gave me two gifts last night, Sherlock, did you know?” Sherlock nods, shyly, their faces so close together that John’s features blur. “Course you did,” John says, and his huff of laughter rasps warmly across Sherlock’s cheek. “You clever genius, of course you knew none of my boys had ever done that for me before.”
Sherlock wiggles his hips in frustration, making noises around the prick in his mouth, and John pulls off to ask what the matter is.
I reached down and took up the bottle of lube. I wet my fingers and slipped them down to where John’s three were buried inside me. I lined up my index finger and slowly, slowly, slid it in beside his.
John nods. He’d been expecting that. He would have known, he suspects, if Sherlock had been enthusiastically wanking in 221B this whole time. He knows now that Sherlock is not quiet during sex. In fact, he’s very much the opposite. If he had been having orgasms, John would have heard them.
“If you’d like to bring your mobile up to the desk I’d be happy to show you, but I need to—.” He gestures. A short queue is forming now.
Once you read this, come find me. We can toast Amelia Cartwright, who you let go with a warning, and who is, hopefully, still free and wrecking some quieter havoc somewhere as the dread pirate Robin Hood, somewhere beyond Mycroft’s reach and a lengthy prison sentence.
It smelled of leaf mold and iron but was dry and didn’t leak. Weak afternoon light streamed in through the one window set high up in the back wall. Outside the storm raged around us and showed no signs of stopping. One glance out the door, which looked out over the pond, told me all I needed to know. The path home was a mudslide. We would have to wait it out. I told you in my sternest Nurse Watson tones to strip off your wet things and you uncharacteristically complied without argument. I turned my back and did the same. We wrapped ourselves in the blankets and sat next to each other on the bench, shivering.
I could see why women whispered about you behind your back. You lived like a man, without scruple or compunction. Your walls were lined with shelves and stuffed to bursting with books. Stacks of newspapers were piled in corners with tables crammed full of chemistry equipment littering the large front room. You wore high waisted trousers and a waistcoat over your shirt instead of a corset beneath and you went about barefoot and wore your curls cropped short so that they fairly rioted around your thin white face. Your eyes were intense, a pale silvery blue, and thickly lashed and you were long and thin with none of the trappings of femininity aside from the lovely bow of your mouth and the grace with which you moved.
“I contend that it’s not. We’re retired, we’ve loads more time than we ever had before. Why, I’ve taken up with that book club even though I’ve hated every book they’ve chosen so far,” he said, lowering himself to the floor beside me.
John tugs, a little harder this time, and watches as Sherlock’s body stretches out around the thick black girth.
“You’re quiet. Penny for your thoughts?” John asked, his voice lowered, pitched just for the space between them. Sherlock liked the private timbre of it; found it invited him to lean closer, on the pretense of not being able to hear him. Beneath the table John’s leg drew alongside Sherlock’s for a moment, pressing.
“We’ll manage,” John says, stepping back towards the door so that Sherlock has room to clamber up onto the mattress.
“Christ.” John turns, heads toward the kitchen to retrieve the scotch. “I need a drink.” The kitchen is neat. Sherlock had obviously tidied and Sherlock only tidied when he wanted something big from John.
Sherlock stands across the atrium and at first glance he is as imperious as ever. Poised and hewn from marble. His popped collar echoing the chiseled contours of his cheekbones. Kitted out in suit and wingtips, he is the very epitome of elegance and hauteur.
Upon inspection there was Carrot, sitting on the brick patio out back, an intent stillness, green eyes unblinking, a warm tangerine glow amid the pale mist.
He hears Sherlock come back in and set something heavy down on the floor beside his right foot. He struggles back up to sitting.
We ended up—after a long shower and a quick wipe-down of the kitchen—sitting together at the table, polishing the silver together.
One eye, sea-glass green in this light, slits open. His hands, against John’s sides, clutch harder, fingers curling into the wool. “Don’t go.”
Sherlock whispers, “It’s easiest when I’m touching you. I feel like I can say things when I touch you that are impossible otherwise.”
The simple touch makes John’s breathing slow further. He can feel the tension in his shoulders release fractionally, sinking down into the mattress. His hips follow. His legs.
He used it once at a Yard Christmas party with a pretty young detective named…named…well, in his defense John had been sozzled is what he had been and if he can’t remember the girl’s name it’s not entirely his fault is it?
John kisses him. Lets gravity and his weight carry him forward so that Sherlock falls back beneath him on the floor. Kisses him until John’s elbows and knees ache from where they’re pressed into the rough scrape of his wool rug. Kisses him with a sweet softness that is in direct opposition to the danger and violence they find themselves mired in. It is gentleness as revolution, as rebellion, as transformation. Tenderness as a weapon against a situation that seeks to make them less human. John kisses him until he has conveyed all the relief and wonder John feels at the impossible decision that Sherlock has made. Kisses him and kisses him and kisses him. Kisses everything he feels for Sherlock into him.
A few hours later, as Sherlock drove home from replacing a broken baseboard on one of his alfalfa hives, John wrote back,
“A mouse,” Sherlock repeats, drawing the word out. He knows that John is lying, but John finds that he doesn’t care. He should be making more of an effort, but he can't muster the energy. John's just had the best god damned orgasm of his life and he's not about to let Sherlock ruin it. The berk can learn to knock for God's sake. Let Sherlock draw his own conclusions; it would serve him right. In fact John would have loved to be there when Sherlock does. The look on his face when he realizes that John had been buggering himself with a piece of musical equipment just moments before he walked in, well, that would have been priceless.
“What’s this?” John asks, hurrying forward, the prickle of irritation replaced with the sickening lurch of worry instantly. “What’s happened? Are you hurt?”
I pause here. I have written out the rest of our interlude in minute, succulent detail twice now and twice I have torn the pages from this book. I have sat here for four hours staring out the window wondering why. And then a little further down that path, the question changed to: why on earth was I writing this in the first place? I leafed through the pages and blushed at the intimacy of what I had produced. John’s pages outshone my own, which was no surprise, he has a knack for romantic melodrama, a firm grasp of plot, and a pretty turn of phrase, but, again, what was the exercise meant to amount to? Titillating pornography? An ageing man’s attempt to put down some of his life for posterity? But what posterity? No one save John would ever set eyes on this drivel.
“You see now, how a kiss could cause an aneurism to burst?” John asks, smiling, ok, maybe just a bit smugly, as Sherlock unhooks the stethoscope from his ears and twists to set it on the table behind him.
John’s hands on Sherlock’s zipper: caught in the flashing, unpredictable splinters of white-citron-neon light.
“You don’t have to hide your scar from me,” he says, after. Embarrassment floods down John’s body, scalding hot at having been seen. He doesn’t know what to say. But Sherlock doesn’t give him time to ruminate, just kisses him again, stroking his tongue against John’s. John releases him, a rush of endorphins surging through him, his body a mess of conflicting signals, as the kiss deepens and Sherlock twists his body to face him. John’s right leg slides over Sherlock’s hip and Sherlock runs his hand up the back of John’s thigh to cup his arse, making all the hair on John’s body stand on end.
Sherlock feels like a gong has sounded off inside him, his skin is ringing with it, his teeth on edge. He tries to focus on what to say next, but his thoughts have taken on a diffuse quality; they deliquesce, like the steam rising around them. He’s lost control, everything he had expected, everything he had planned, it’s gone. John’s right, he is in free fall, and Sherlock has no idea, zero, where he’s supposed to go from here. No contingency he had ever even imagined had involved anyone but him.
It’s incredible, like nothing he’s ever felt before. It feels as if there are thousands of bubbles breaking out beneath his skin, rising up to pop against his arms. His whole body tenses as the sensation takes hold of him, fizzing through him in an effervescing wave.
Mrs. Patterson isn’t signed-in to anything. John considers explaining this to her, but decides it would be quicker to just commandeer the mouse and click about a few times with authority, finally exiting out of the screen and restoring it to the library’s homepage.
“I can see that,” John says, his eyes dropping down to where Sherlock’s cock is starting to plump up and press against his flies.
“But the difference is that he didn’t inform anyone of the illness and it affected Sherlock’s hives. Surely, that requires some sort of consequence?” Ian said, in his usual gentle manner.
The sight of John above me—eyes closed, his face contorted in ecstasy, his fringe falling into his eyes—pushed me over the edge and I came hard, pulsing in hot white stripes over the plane of my stomach and chest.
“See you soon,” he called, and then he stepped out of the circle of light from Sherlock’s back porch and disappeared into the night.
“Then look it up,” Ellen said bluntly. Sherlock huffed a laugh, incredulous. How had he ended up as the bad guy here? “No, don’t go down the path of male fragility with me. Talk to your therapist. Ask a man you respect and who you think might have some idea. We’re not going to do it for you. If you’re serious about wanting to learn a different way, then do it. Otherwise, it’s not going to stick.”
“There are three people at the other end,” Sherlock says, lowering himself back down. “And the barkeep.” Sherlock’s back is to them all, the seat back blocking him from view. One table down, behind John, is the door. If they make use of the table cloth...
His hair is polished to a high gloss. The light glisters through it, catching the water droplets sliding down his neck to bead on his shoulders, in shining, trembling pearls. He’s wet with the light and the water both, his skin peach and pink and fresh; John wants to sink his teeth into all the juicy, plump parts of him; taste him, sweet and tart. Feel his springy hair crackle on his tongue, and the hard, smooth flesh glide against his lips. His mouth waters with it. His hands, at his sides, twitch.
He’s golden, forged in the light from your lamp, lucent, burnished. You reach out to touch the burning edges of him.
The library is set in what once was a Catholic Church, bought and protected from the scouring of Henry VIII and the English Reformation by a local nobleman whose family kept it shuttered and hidden on their estate for centuries. All religious themes, aside from St. Bede himself, had been stripped by the current Duke, who had the church’s structure restored and turned into a library in the 1940’s. The original windows depicting Mary and Jesus and scenes from the resurrection had been replaced with commissioned works of Tiffany glass, featuring nymphs and fairies and queens and knights amid lush, verdant scenery. The computer room, walled in panes of clear glass, is in what would have once been the chancel.
A bit breathless, a bit husky, a lot absolutely delectable, he somehow manages to go on, “And then I decorated the damn thing and dragged this mattress in here. Made it up with all my finest, softest, most luxurious linen. Laid that fire there, took a shower, started to have a bit of a wank thinking about our little interlude this afternoon, and, hey presto, here you are at last.”
To his left, the cliffs and the sound of the waves breaking on the shore. Sherlock could imagine the shingle beach, the roll and prick of the pebbles against the soles of his feet, the summer sun hot on his shoulders. The hissing foam of the water eddying around his ankles, the salt sting of the water enveloping him, his blood surging to the surface of his skin, his heart in his ears as he dove.
And it slowly dawns on John why the Novartis deal was too good to be true. Irene watches it hit him, watches his lips thin, the muscle in his cheek bunch as he clenches his teeth, and her smirk grows into a smile.
Sherlock shakes his head, looking determined. “I’m not like all those other ungrateful wretches. I’m going to say thank you, and I’m going to do it properly.”
, doubting the best of John’s intentions, but they’re all inconsequential compared to what’s building between them as they touch.
“John!” Molly exclaims when John walks through the lab door, flashing John her sunniest smile. John almost takes a step back as the force of it hits him.
The first pass of the drumstick over John’s prostate and all John can see is Sherlock’s fingers crooked inside him. Those slender white digits slipping in and out of John’s greedy hole. Knuckles catching and dragging against his rim. Fucking him and fucking him and fucking him until John can’t breathe.
It seems an impossible question. Your mouth works fruitlessly, none of your hundred-thousand pieces communicating with one another.
“Complicated how?” Zoe asked. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her and shook his head, but she ignored him.
For a moment you’re separated, but once the shirt is pulled over his head and tossed into the far corner of your bedroom you return to his neck, to the ridge of his collarbone, to the bitter-tart hollow of his throat.
“How are you?” John said, and maybe they both felt the inadequacy of that question, because they both broke into rueful smiles. “Yeah, it’s insufficient, I agree, but I’d still like to know how you are.”
There were about twelve regulars from the Fulworth area, with the occasional backyard beekeeper who was looking for advice, and going on fifty registered members who rarely, if ever, attended, preferring instead to communicate through the email listserv, online forum, or phone tree. During the spring and summer the association held beekeeping courses and other workshops, but during the fall and winter it provided more of a social space with planning for the year ahead and reflection on the year past. Dues covered public liability insurance, registration with The British Beekeepers Association, as well as training and guest speakers.
“People would come in to see what the racket was, and there’d you be, buried balls deep in my arse, your hands in my hair just like now, fucking me hard, and you wouldn’t be able to stop, it’d feel too good, and God, John, I’d be screaming your name as you came inside me while everyone watched…”
Once they reach the bedroom John slides down the front of Sherlock’s body. His knees almost buckle when his feet hit the ground and for a moment Sherlock supports them, leaning against the door, kiss, kiss, kissing the breath out of John.
“Find everything all right, sir?” the cashier asked, making it impossible for Sherlock to eavesdrop any longer. The hair on his arms stood on end as he walked out of the store, a sick vertiginous feeling in the pit of his stomach which he tried his best to ignore. Murder was no longer any of his business, was it?
“It’s just charting,” John says, voice thick, looking up the white slopes of Sherlock’s body. What the hell does he say after that? The truth, he supposes, is the only thing that will do. “And besides. I’d quite like to suck your cock.”
“You don’t have anything to apologize for,” John said, handing Sherlock a water glass for him to dry while he started in on the casserole dish that the fish pie had been cooked in. The sink was filled with warm soapy water and John sunk his hands in it, scrubbing away.
. And fuck. Fuck it’s hard. Because. Because Sherlock’s tongue is pushing it’s way inside him, slippery and firm and perfect.
Sherlock makes a satisfied noise deep in the back of his throat. John can feel it rumble against his ribs.
“Take it off,” he whispers in your ear a moment later, scrambling off your lap and reaching for his belt. He turns, walking around to the other side of the bed, as you stand, a bit wobbly, on weak knees.
John could die happy. He’s delirious a bit. He didn’t think this game would go quite this well. Especially after the way it had started, but Sherlock is here with him, really here. Not somewhere else, not some cold place calculating his next move. He’s here with John, fully present and they’re connecting.
. In bed. It’s where people are at their most vulnerable. Sleeping or fucking, they’re at their most unprotected. The entire concept of this place, John thinks, is to encourage people to delve into that place. To get to know their bodies and find pleasure in them. To get in touch with their desires and feel empowered by them. To find people to enjoy their bodies with. To consent to transformative experiences, facilitated through toys, sexuality, acceptance, exploration, connection, support.
And with a desperate shaky moan that rattles up and out of him at John’s words, Sherlock surges down and presses his mouth against John’s. John slows him, weaves his fingers into his soft curls and holds him steady. Brushes his mouth over Sherlock’s top lip, his beard shushing against Sherlock’s skin. “Oh, Daddy, it’s so rough,” Sherlock murmurs, touching it with his hands. “It tickles.
“Yes, I suppose I can’t keep shouting ‘go away’ every time she’s about to walk in on you buggering me.”
Sherlock, when John hazards a glance at him, is frozen still. His face devoid of any reaction. He blinks at John in incomprehension.
“It’s complicated,” Sherlock said, not entirely sure why he felt the need to defend John, but chalking it up to the man not being there to do it for himself. “He’s dealing with a lot isn’t he? Newly divorced and a five year old daughter who just transitioned? Now he’s just moved to town and has no support to help with his mother who’s slowly losing her mind? Can’t you find an ounce of compassion for him?”
It takes a short eternity to reach the third storey garret flat where you live tucked beneath the eaves.
Sherlock’s eyes are hot on John’s. His gaze intent and dark and wide. He looks just as blown open by this as John is.
John watches him wobble off to the bathroom before he begins to gather what he’ll need for the rest of the evening ahead. First, he strips, folding up his things and setting them on top of the suitcase he had dropped off earlier in the evening. Then he collects the lube and the dildo from the sofa and climbs up on the bed. It takes him a few tries before he can get the suction cup to seal itself to the headboard, but eventually it does and John once more marvels at the engineering behind it.
“Imagine it,” Sherlock counters, using John’s own ploy against him, and fuck it if John doesn’t picture it, crystal clear in his mind.
He’s beautiful as ever. John is struck by him over and over, can’t help but be in thrall to him. The long lithe lines of his body, the angles of his face, the sweet bow of his lips, the cut-crystal quality of his eyes.
John bends his arm over his head, sets the other on top of his stomach. “What would you do if I wasn’t here?”
“Nothing’s the matter,” John says, reaching up to slide the curtain closed behind him. It shrieks, shrill and grating on the metal rod, and makes John grind his teeth together.
“What does old Catullus have to say that’s so interesting, hmm?” John brushes his fingertips over the head of my just swelling cock.
“Sure,” Sherlock said, relieved. He swung his legs over the side of the bed as Mycroft made his way to the door.
Brow furrowed, but the corner of his mouth crooked up; bemused. A soft, fond look in his eyes. It spreads through me warm as sunshine that look, like whisky or brandy, like honeyed tea.
John bends his knees and kisses down, sucking a bit on Sherlock’s salty, scratchy balls, before sliding his open mouth down the underside of Sherlock’s cock to lick at where Sherlock’s sucking himself off. John kisses at Sherlock’s upper lip, tasting salt and musk, until Sherlock moans and shudders, shudders and moans, and then John moves back up the way he came. Worrying the blue ridge of Sherlock’s dorsal vein with his tongue before returning to lap at Sherlock’s hole.
Sherlock flicks his pale eyes up to meet John’s, coquettish, as he drags his mouth down the dorsal side of John’s cock, getting it wet. The skin is glistening, the veins standing out hard and blue, as Sherlock makes his way back up to the tip, where he rests the vee of John’s frenulum on the pad of his tongue, and laps at it, the slit rubbing slickly, deliciously, maddeningly against his top lip. John’s hand tightens in Sherlock’s curls.
He crossed the room to our dresser and pulled out a gray Pevensey Petrel’s t-shirt and a pair of flannel pajamas. The motions were intimately familiar to me by then. The way the muscles in his back pulled and bunched, the way his scar wrinkled, the pink and white puckered skin folding up, before his shirt fell like a curtain over them. The way his hair fizzed with static before his hands smoothed it down. The way he balanced on first one leg and then the other. The way he hopped a bit, followed by a minute wriggle of his hips, the barest shimmy of his thighs, before the pajamas were seated on his hips.
, he thinks, the fingers of his right hand drumming against the windowsill as he types out a text with his left,
Your hands wrapped around my ankles. Hot palms cupped the backs of my calves, hair prickling. Thumbs dipped into the sweaty backs of my knees and held them out. Held me open.
Fingers working around the sensitive ridge of the head of John’s cock, making John’s hands clench in the sheets.
The intimacy of this moment, of being allowed to touch Sherlock and to learn how to please him—and God how John wants to please him—of being allowed to gather these tiny kernels of ultimate privacy: of what Sherlock smells like—in the tender space underneath his left ear, in the notch of his collarbone, in the fluttering hollow of his throat. He smells so good, soap and skin and just the stirring hint of musk rising—of what sounds he makes when John trails his hands over his chest, working his fingertips through the fizzy hair, up and over the curve of his shoulders and down the seam of his spine—it makes John’s chest grow taut.
“Christ, I’m so sorry, Sherlock. The way we were speaking about your job before, it was so insensitive.”
“You know, out of all the gifts we each chose to give each other, you have to admit this one is the best,” John murmurs, testing the quality of Sherlock’s creamy skin with his lips.
Sherlock rubs his thumbs up and down John’s spine, undoing the stress of the day one knot at a time. John feels the last of his fear leave him as his breath slows. He sinks into Sherlock, into the feeling of being home. Home when the air outside is chill and biting. Home with the night outside, kept at bay by the warm lights of the fire, the lamplight, the fairy lights, the tree. Home and the day behind him. Home and in the arms of his love. Tucked beneath the duvet, their bodies make their own heat, a small, warm, soft haven. John opens his eyes again and lets his gaze drift to the tree, the fire place, and up to the mantle…
John meets the eye of the flesh coloured dildo. He supposes that he could take it as an insult. They’ve only been shagging for three months, after all. But he isn’t insulted. He knows now that it’s about self-preservation with Sherlock, and an innate, insatiable curiosity. A desire to experience and catalogue and dissect and investigate as much as he possibly can.
Once John has got the door open Sherlock heads straight inside, unscrewing one of the bottles of water that sits on top of the dresser, and taking long, quenching swallows. John walks in slower, depositing his sports coat, keys, wallet, and mobile onto one of the armchairs and end tables that sit in front of the TV. The hotel room is done in black and silver and white, tasteful and simple. A large King sized bed against one wall with a wooden headboard that John had been assured by the hotel staff was firmly bolted to the wall, which were soundproof. Privacy was a top concern and they took it very seriously.
John feels his chest expand at Sherlock’s willingness to share this with him. Warmth reaches out through him, connecting them.
“Where’s the fun in that?” I asked, my voice pitched just above a whisper, as I washed up in front of his knees.
“I did try to warn you,” I said, my throat tight. “I wanted you to know what you were getting yourself into.”
John returns the look. Taking in the masculine beauty of Sherlock’s body. The fair hair that glints on his arms and chest, shading darker at his groin and down his legs. The curve of his muscles and the sinew of his tendons. The veins that stand out against the tender white skin on the inside of his wrists. His narrow feet, his slim thighs. The size of his hands, loose, hanging at his sides. Those long elegant fingers.
This story would not exist without the encouragement of so many people, including everyone who commented and kudos and were excited at the end of Guilty Secrets for more of this universe. I am sure I will leave out someone but just to name a pivotal few: lawyermargo, GWWG, Violetwylde, Starrla89, cwb, Happierstill, and Hiddenlacuna. You guys helped me through some really dark times this year and I love you all so dearly. Thank you for standing by me. Thank you for betaing. Thank you for cheerleading. Oh look, I'm crying. It's cool. It's cool. Just, thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
He should have brought up one of the kitchen chairs, he realizes belatedly. He could have stuck the dildo to the seat and ridden it.
The smell of Sherlock’s body mingles with the scent of strawberries and the faintly floral scent of the lavender oil John had added to the bathwater, which floats in hazy spirals on the surface.
His knuckles ached for the rap of the front door beneath them. His chest tight with the anger he longed to unleash.
I am so grateful to all of you who went on this journey with me. And for all of you who will come later. I'd love to hear what you think. So if you have a moment, please stop by and say hello.
Sherlock comes awake with a start and John barely has time to reer backwards to narrowly avoid being butted in the face.
He idly fingers the coarse springy hair on John’s chest, and listens to the steady thump of his heart beneath his ear. His legs trail among the tickling strands of John’s dark blue tentacles as they pump every now and then to keep them afloat. Together, they drift around the olympic size pool, the oil that John secretes leaving an iridescent trail in their wake.
“Oh, God, oh, fuck, Sherlock!” You feel him begin to spurt inside you and you tighten yourself around him, milking him and milking him, until, shaking, he collapses on top of you, spent.
“You want me to beg for it?” I gasped, looking down the red expanse of my body to where you were bobbing up, drawing a deep breath in through your nose, cheeks pink. “You want me to moan like a whore for it? Beg you to eat my arse out? To choke on my cock? To lick my greedy cunny until I come so hard I can’t see straight?”
“I suppose we could try,” Sherlock says, and John squeezes his hand around Sherlock’s hip before stepping away.
“Ok. Right. I’ll just be a moment.” John started walking quickly towards the beech trees, calling over his shoulder, “Charlie, be good. I’ll be right back.”
“Yes,” John pants, rocking back. “Yes, get me ready for you. Put those long gorgeous fingers in me. Pry me open for your big hard cock. Sherlock.”
His fingernails lightly scratching at your scalp, sending tingling waves of sensation down your spine.
The contrast is dizzying. It still shocks John sometimes and he has to remind himself that this Sherlock isn’t the same one who jumped off a building. This Sherlock has grown up. This Sherlock is self-aware. This Sherlock
John considers this. “I suppose so. They don’t call them guilty pleasures for nothing, eh?” Sherlock shudders at this. “I think if we were playing word association the ones that would come up would be greed, gluttony, lust.”
It is exponentially more astonishing to Sherlock that he does not use this power to control or coerce or manipulate. There is little to no arrogance to him, only a quiet confidence, an assured competence, that Sherlock finds incredibly sexy and compelling.
I sat up a bit, digging in my knees, giving him more room to work. He rewarded me with just the tip of one finger pushing inside.
“Let me take you to bed.” Sherlock’s hands are inching up John’s sides, slipping beneath the hem of John’s jumper, presses soft touches to his skin, as he claims kiss after softening kiss from John’s mouth. “I want to touch you. I can tell you better with my hands.”
Sherlock finally gets hold of John’s shoulders and, without really trying to stop him, John lets himself be rolled over onto his back.
When you turn around he is sitting on the edge of your bed in a white vest, bent at the waist, untying his boots.
It was a half an hour later that I finally heard the plug lifted and the drain begin to suck the water down to set the pipes groaning once more. My temper had cooled somewhat and I had come around to the conclusion that I was an idiot and that I would pay for taking the pill, just as John had said I would, but also that I needed and wanted to have sex all the same.
When John stopped abruptly my eyes flew open and I watched as he pulled one of the chairs away from the wall and positioned it in the center of the room. One wall was completely covered in an enormous mirror. It had been partially obscured by two large armless red velvet chairs. Once John had positioned one of them to his satisfaction he crooked a finger at me and beckoned me forward.
“I just think she enjoys her career more. I used to judge her pretty harshly for it, it contributed to us splitting up, but I think her relationship with Charlotte is more honest now. She sees her when she’s able and is more intentional about the time they do spend together, if that makes sense.”
“Great. Perfect. Yeah.” John took two steps towards the back door and then pulled up short, turning back towards Sherlock, as if torn between wanting two things at once. The phone in his hand buzzed again and John cursed and turned back.
John falls over he laughs so hard. Sherlock watches him roll onto his side, clutching his chest, and can’t help but join in.
“Not so quick,” Sherlock says, licking into John’s open mouth as he tips it toward him. Pushes back up into him until he’s buried deep once more. Murmuring, “Do you feel like you’re ready for it?”
So Sherlock did the only thing he could think of, he made tea, and sat down to commune with the freshly conjured mistakes of his past.
is similar in concept. It’s a place where queer people can go to be among their own kind. There is a sex shop on the bottom level, a bar on the second, and rooms for let on the third and fourth.”
John’s smile curves and Sherlock’s stomach flips at how handsome he is, with his dark beard, blushed cheeks and blue eyes. “Exceedingly happy.”
John closes his eyes and breathes into the silence. He rolls his shoulders and his head on his neck, trying to release some of the tension that had built up over the course of the day. He breathes and breathes the cool air.
This is not how he had expected the night to end up. If anything he’d expected to find Sherlock in some compromising position. His worst nightmares had included a noose, or knives perhaps. John was a bit ashamed now at how far afield his mind had fled. And in a moil of fear over what John had braced himself to come home to, he had forgotten the fact that Sherlock, had never, not once, asked something of John that John was unable or unwilling to give. Even this. This machine. John was sure he’d seen it on BDSM websites before, although if you’d asked him what it was used for in a scene John wouldn’t have had the first clue. It’s not that he thinks any of it is bad. Consenting adults and all that. But when it comes to Sherlock, and, more specifically, putting Sherlock in danger, it makes John unequivocally queasy. He’d broken out in a cold sweat ever since he’d looked at Sherlock’s chart and remembered him saying, they’re all normal, John.
John’s own heart kicks hard, his blood roaring in his ears as he licks gently, slowly, so slowly, into Sherlock’s mouth. John moves his hands up to cradle Sherlock’s head between them as he kisses him deeper, letting Sherlock’s tongue push inside his mouth, eager, desperate. John starts to pull away, letting his mouth soften, closing it slowly, until they’re kissing sweetly once more.
“I will murder him one of these days,” I pledged darkly, rolling over onto my stomach and burying my face in my folded arms, my cock trapped against the cold hard ground.
Sherlock glows down at him. His eyes are creased in a smile, his cheeks are flushed, a raw patch burning on one side from where he had scraped it on John’s trousers, and his hair is a disheveled writhing mass of curls.
Sherlock’s cock is leaking against John’s button down. His breath hot on John’s cheek. His hands white knuckled around John’s shoulders.
“Oh, Daddy, yessss,” Sherlock hisses, his large, warm hands falling onto the back of John’s head as he slides down the length to bury his nose in the thatch of sweat pearled auburn hair.
“I wouldn’t have made it through this year without you,” John says, quiet, but sure, a little while later.
John clears his throat. Slides his gaze up to meet the cool blue of the other man’s eyes. There is a group of teenage girls at the other end of their aisle, poring over something on someone’s phone. “I suppose I’ll show you around, shall I?”
“You make a beautiful, beautiful gift, Sherlock,” John says, his voice soft and reverent in the darkness that Sherlock floats in. Sherlock feels it surround him, cradling him. “What next?”
“Yes, it does try to screen its members before allowing entrance for the safety and privacy of all involved. There is also a small fee to belong here. It’s not exorbitant and there is some financial aid, but it does exclude certain classes, you’re quite right. They do good work in the community though. Giving money where they can and sponsoring events and advocacy efforts.”
Sherlock moans his name and if that isn’t John’s favourite sound in the entire universe he doesn’t know what is.
“It was,” Sherlock concurred, curling his hands over John’s knees. John’s hand slipped from Sherlock’s cheek to rest on top of his. He smelled of soap and shaving cream, his breath like milky tea.
When he gets home John knows what he’ll be doing. And he knows what it’s going to lead to and all he feels, if he's being perfectly honest, is excited.
“Ok, ok, shush up,” Harry says, straightening and swatting Clara with her hand. John gives them both a moment to wipe the tears from their eyes.
“I knew Daddy would have a big cock for me,” Sherlock says eventually, recovering his confidence. He leans into John, with the porcelain side of the tub between them, and sets his lips at John’s ear. His hand, moving, slowly, tightly, between them. “What does Daddy’s cock need?”
While it brewed, he pulled on his boots and a thick wool sweater and headed out to the far back corner where his hives sat in the shade of a stand of beech trees. On his way up the hill he checked on the border of witch hazel and lilac he had planted which were now waist high, and ran his fingertips along the leaves of the fruit tree saplings he had planted behind the shed. The beech leaves were just starting to turn gold and fall. Piles were beginning to accumulate around the cerulean blue hive boxes. Sherlock pulled the rake out of the lean-to where he kept his gardening equipment and set to clearing the area. Bees flew up to inspect him as he worked, but Sherlock moved in sure, slow motions, so as not to trigger their alarm, and, growing bored, they let him be. They worked happily alongside each other for ten minutes as the sun continued to climb the sky. The mist dissipated and the sweet scent of dew-wet grass, mixed with the rich earthy smells of mulch and loam, filled the air. Forager bees were returning to the hive entrances, flying low, their bodies heavily laden with pollen. Sherlock could see them among the asters across the lawn, alighting industriously on the purple blossoms.
“I want a lot of things,” John said, his eyes dropping down to Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock thought for a second that he might lean in, might give into it, and Sherlock felt like there was pure unfiltered lightning running through his veins, but then John’s eyes flicked back up and the moment was gone. “But mostly I think I need some time to sort myself.”
before John’s brain can even catch up. The gathering heat at the base of his spine and the way it radiates out through his limbs until he’s saturated with it, limbs heavy with longing. John’s cock twitches in his pants and he brushes up the swelling curve with his thumb, mindful of the cabbie on the other side of the partition. He has time. 20 minutes on the A40 without traffic from Baker Street to Bart’s. John lets his knees fall wider. Licks his lips.
“I—” Sherlock started to say, but Ellen interjected, “He was out driving around the countryside and he saw our hill in bloom and asked if he could lease it for his bees.”
There is a call back to something mentioned briefly in Guilty Secrets which many of you might not remember in this chapter. There will be a link to the chapter in the end notes if you would like to refresh your memory :).
“You’d like being tied up,” Sherlock blurts out, cheeks flaring with heat. “You’d love it, sir, I can tell. Not being able to touch me when you wanted, me being the one in control of giving you pleasure, showing you what a good student I was, it would be the ultimate show of how much you trusted me, giving yourself wholly into my hands.” John’s gaze is dark and intense and Sherlock balks a bit, looking down, whispering, “You like to play with vulnerability, sir. I don’t think you’ve had much chance to explore the edges of your own.”
“I’m DI Morgan,” she said, briefly holding up the badge that was hung from her neck on a lanyard. “Evan Morgan. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Holmes.”
And so I will well and truly leave it there. As it was in the beginning when I began this whole endeavour so it is still. I love John Watson and it bears repeating. I love him in the morning and in the evening, on ordinary Wednesdays, on Mondays, on Sundays, and every day in between. I met him and loved him and married him two weeks later. He is my rock and my home.
Your skin was velvet and I could smell the sweet musk of your body rising through the wet wool and there were beads of rain caught in your hair. It was making me dizzy. “If that is what you think is best.”
John watches in the mirror as Sherlock collects the box and comes forward, around the side of the sofa. John indicates the coffee table with a tilt of his head. “Sit down.”
Sherlock feels the answering recognition to himself on screen, here, on the train, fully embodying that man who had finally, finally, accepted himself. The man who had finally, finally paid attention to what John was showing him every time he bottomed.
John slips his other hand between Sherlock’s legs, which part for him, heels slipping to spread wider, as wide as he can go, which isn’t, John laments, far enough.
John stands, smoothing a hand down his waistcoat, before stepping into the aisle. The barkeep is occupied on his phone, his back to them. The family at the other end of the car are also engrossed in their own activities, the two mothers absorbed in reading, the teenager listening to music on a pair of oversized neon-yellow headphones.
“How long do we have to respond?” Sherlock asks, his gaze sweeping back to Irene as if not even hearing John. Rattled, John steps to the side and sinks down onto the bed.
John is frozen in place, unsure how to proceed. Does he acknowledge that he knows this man? Will he then have to awkwardly come up with some inane reason how they know each other to feed Claire, who is technically his boss’s boss? Because he certainly cannot tell her the truth. Right?  Going to a gay bar and having anonymous sex is definitely not a part of the approved rehabilitation program. Oh God, if the man is a new donor or board member it can’t reflect well on The Bede for one of its participants to have behaved the way John did last night.  Indeed, if this man is Important, then John is well and properly fucked, isn’t he?
John crosses to the window and opens it. The September night rushes in, breaking over him in an icy wave. John breathes it in. Lets it sting his mouth. His throat. His lungs.
When he does, the shave of silver eyes over John’s body is close and meticulous. John is sure it does not miss one single hair. The razor of Sherlock’s mind knows every curve and contour, every freckle, every scar. He will know what John had for lunch by the dirt on his shoes, and exactly where he had been and who he had seen by the way John’s collar lies.
So Sherlock opens his eyes, slitted, lazy and dark like a cat’s, and wraps the dildo in his hand, props it up for him to reach out with his tongue and—
You can see, clearly, the long, thick line of his cock, hard and curving up, tenting the fabric, the round head teasing at the waistband of his shorts, nudging the elastic, trying to push free.
The meal was fish pie, fresh crusty bread, and a trio of salads—English pea and broad beans, leafy greens, and chilled mediterranean style pasta with olives and feta—set up along the kitchen counters in buffet style. When prompted by Zoe everyone piled high their plates and sat down once more. Wine bottles were passed around (John declining, Sherlock noted, instead opting for sparkling water like him) and conversation took up the steady hum of people getting to know one another.
“Why are you like this?” Sherlock asks, breathless, incredulous, kissing John’s mouth and cheeks manically, stroking John’s beard with his hands. “How do you turn me on just by saying things? Ridiculous, soppy, lovely things?”
He leans forward until the crown prods the back of his throat and, gagging, John draws off, only to return to it a moment later, working it in and out.
Sherlock thrusts, his movements erratic, pushing John half onto his back for a better angle to fuck his thighs.
The metal grate of the floor digs into John’s knees as he kneels, thumbs hooked over the waist of Sherlock’s trousers and pants, dragging them down. Over the fuzzy arcs of his thighs, to catch around his spread knees.
His head jerked back a little and his eyes widened, but just there, just a flicker there and gone; I saw something catch and begin to smolder, something hot and dark, and heat melted down my thighs at the sight of it.
His hand clenches reflexively against Sherlock, turning him as John rises over him, absolutely intent on giving Sherlock exactly what he had asked of John: a cherishing worthy of the moment they now found themselves in and the trust they had somehow managed to construct over the last few days.
John lets his eyes feast for a moment, unsure if he will ever get the chance to do so again. He takes in the insouciant curls and the unruly brows and the Sherlockian crinkle between as he focuses on the pipette in his hand. The cut glass crystal of his eyes framed by the dark spindles of his lashes, the archer’s bow of his lips, and the moles dotting the fair skin of his throat. The rise and fall of his chest, too thin, always too thin, making the buttons on his shirt strain nevertheless. John’s fingers twitch against his thigh, the longing to slip between those puckered openings and touch the tender milky skin beneath, making them fidget and dance. The auburn hair glinting on his forearms, shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the white ropes of ancient (and not so ancient) track marks marring the inside of his left elbow. Hands crooked on his slender hips after he’s laid the pipette aside, a few crumbs, from his figgy toast that lies forgotten on the table, dusting his trousers. He would taste of tea and jam and Sherlock, John thinks.
Sherlock kisses down John’s throat. Down his chest, pausing to flick at his nipples. Drags his lips over John’s fluttering belly, licking up the salt. He pauses, looks up. John pets his hair. His shoulders. Cups his face. Sherlock turns and kisses his palm as he shifts up onto his hands and knees.
Dragging John closer, pulling him up, for one brief dizzying second they are parted, before Sherlock bends to him once more and takes his mouth, his hands on John’s shoulders, manoeuvring him back. Stumbling blind, John’s hands clenched in Sherlock’s shirt at his sides, holding on, as he is pushed and turned, through the kitchen and down the hall.
John yawns. His blood is a drowsy tide tugging at him. His eyelids feel heavy. “Sorry to have frightened you.”
“I know that at first it was hard for you to process the fact that you were committing to spend the rest of your life with him.”
John spanks his pretty arse until it’s pounding with his heartbeat beneath his palm, until Sherlock’s hands are clutching the duvet above his prostrated head, until his voice is hoarse from exultation.
“I used to start like this,” Sherlock says, breathless. “Touching myself while you would be in the sitting room, watching telly, or fannying about on your computer.”
“Jesus.” John feels cold. No wonder Sherlock had been chain smoking yesterday. The prospect of getting close to John must be terrifying. It must go against every instinct he has. It must—
John licks him messy for a bit. Enjoying how much Sherlock loves this act, how he pushes back onto John’s tongue, the sounds he makes as he’s entirely lost to the pleasure suffusing him, how he begs and trembles. Soon though, John notices how Sherlock’s knees are buckling, how he’s struggling to hold himself up, and John, thankful for his foresight, works the plug back inside Sherlock’s body and then stumbles back into the chair he had dragged over and orders Sherlock to sit in his lap.
“What the hell was that for?” John asks, breathless with laughter and grinning down at him. He’s lovely, smiling with his teeth, his chins folded up, eyes creased into two half moons as he wriggles beneath John, trying to get free. When he heaves up against John, John stills him with a wrestling move he learned from his lover in Afghanistan so that they end up on their sides with John’s ankles hooked around each other, holding Sherlock between his tensed thighs, one arm wrapped tightly around his shoulders, Sherlock’s back to John’s front.
“You proposed.” Sherlock smiles briefly, a flash of distilled joy that lights up his entire face, before he reapplies himself to his task, brow furrowing, tongue peaking out the side of his mouth. “And I thought that this could only enhance my gift to you. You would be able to actually feel the music inside your body. Every quiver of my bow. The acoustics in room 203 are phenomenal. Surround sound. That was why I reserved it for us tonight.”
It makes a world of difference. Both cocks slipping slippery perfect against each other, foreskins shining as they glide up and down in Sherlock’s strong grip. John drops his chin down to his chest and cups Sherlock’s face with both hands. Stroking his thumbs over bladed cheekbones, over to the soft lobes of his ears, and back. Love in his touch, love in his eyes.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just gives John his mouth. It is a seal of sorts, on their pledge to one another.
“I originally planned to give this to you at Queermas,” Sherlock says, shuffling closer until John’s legs are draped over his knees.
John Watson took boys like him and turned them back out into the world, men, ready to make it on their own.
John is panting now, his hands digging into Sherlock’s hips as he watches the tentacle that’s probing at Sherlock’s hard cock while Sherlock’s arse drips onto John’s belly.
“I suppose so.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair, limp with exhaustion. It felt like he had been crying for the last twenty-four hours straight. The rims of his eyelids were red and swollen, red lines snaking through the whites of his eyes, his nostrils raw from where he had been wiping at it.
John nods, wincing slightly in acknowledgement of how disruptive his problem could be for someone who was going to be living in the same house as him. “‘Fraid so.” The coffee maker makes a gurgling sound behind him as he skirts the corners of the island to land in front of Sherlock. “I’m happy to buy you ear plugs or a fan or whatever you’d prefer so I don’t wake you up.”
Because once John starts talking, Sherlock is so fully transported past all the bounds of his mind and body that he almost, almost blacks out.
Sherlock lay beneath the pines and watched as the stiff spines of the needles spliced the sunlight into sizzling white slashes which struck across Sherlock’s eyes, making him see stars at the periphery.
Sherlock eyes open slowly. It takes a minute for the dreamy pools of ink to refocus, sharpening on John as Sherlock remembers where he was.
“I will,” Sherlock said. He’d also need to talk to Tom about overreacting. Sherlock didn’t need 999 called every time he had a panic attack. Nor his entire network of friends.
“Now run your fingers down your throat, oh.” John sucks in a sharp breath as Sherlock trails his fingertips down the column of his neck, leaving his skin glistening. “Lower. Lovely, yes. I know how much you want to touch your nipples. Go ahead, darling.”
Ellen pulled him into a quick, awkward hug. Hugs were more Zoe’s area. They definitely weren’t Sherlock’s. Somehow that made it mean more.
Sherlock does. He’s quiet, quieter than usual, and when John slips lubed up fingers between his cheeks, he simply breathes out, a shocked little sound, and then pushes back into John’s hands.
, John begs silently, the box perched on his knees, the scent of rotting banana sticking to the inside of his nose.
“Brilliant,” John sighs, lying back against the pillow, contented, Sherlock above him, cheeks pinker and smile wider than before. “What do you want our relationship to be like, Sherlock?”
“You like my hands,” Sherlock says, apropos of nothing, so close his features blur, his voice pitched low and soft. A rolling, rumbling purr.
I slid my finger out and wrapped my hand once more around his shoulder. I gripped him tight, holding on.
John fucks him with the tip of his tongue, shoves into the warm silky space as deep as he can get. Works it back and forth, back and forth, back and forth until Sherlock’s body is loosening around him, opening up, blood hot and satiny smooth. John pulls out and licks him. Pushing the broad muscle of his tongue up and down, getting him soaking, messy and blushing pink.
Picking up his mobile Sherlock dialled Oliver. The call rang through to voicemail and Sherlock left a brief message, asking Pollack to call him back when he had the time.
“You never said!” Bobbi exclaims, slapping her hand against the desktop with a loud crack that makes the patrons in line behind her jump. “Happy birthday!”
“So good,” I said, turning to rest my cheek against the smooth skin of his shoulder. He smelled of sex and sweat and sugar and I grew heady from it, breathing it in in deep insatiable mouthfuls.
“Sorry.” Gasped out. “Sorry. I—“ John squeezes his thighs again. Sucking at his crown. Tonguing at his slit a little. “You would see, you would see what I had inside me and you would—“ Cut off, his hands spasming in John’s hair.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, shame burning in his chest. He was pathetic. But he needed to figure something out before Chrissy spent time and money coming to save him. Humiliation was not something he wanted to add to the conflagration he was already dealing with.
John shivers, wracked by flashes of hot and cold that leave his mouth dry and his heart pounding. “Oh, that’s so good, Sherlock. I love to hear that. Tell me more.”
John stares at his hands curled around his knees, feels the prickling heat of Sherlock’s gaze on the back of his neck.
He stood for a moment in the stillness that followed their departure. The wind moved through the tops of the trees, rustling the leaves. Carrot, left behind, blinked up at him lazily from where he was sprawled out on the brick and yawned. There was a shadow skulking in the back of his mind, his father conjured like some sinister ghost. Sherlock tucked those memories away, banishing the chilly pall they brought with them, and turned to clear the tea tray away.
You accepted it, your fingers sliding in a slow sticky drag around the back of my neck, your thumb taking my pulse beneath my jaw, your palm heavy and rough against my Adam’s apple. I swallowed for the feel of it, the weight against me, the power held in check.
“You do yourself an injustice,” you said. “I don’t think you know what you look like when you’re all done up in your army kit and have had one too many whiskeys.”
I hurried toward him, air filling my lungs. I hadn’t fully noticed how afraid I was until right then. How afraid I had been that he wouldn’t be here, that my homing instinct had ceased to function, but here, here he was, and I was nearly sick again from the relief of it.
“And Sherlock?” Tom said, catching Sherlock before he could end the call. “I want you to know that despite how I acted this weekend, I do believe that you have the skills to get through this tough time. I believe in you and I have seen your growth. I know that James brings up feelings of shame, but I want you to remember that you’re not a bad person, you’re a human who was doing the best he could at the time. I hope you can have compassion for your past self and give your current self grace to grieve and process whatever comes up.”
This chapter has tiny call backs to seasons three and four, even though this story is canon compliant with neither. Redbeard really was a Belgian comic book character! You can read about him
I slept. I caught up on all the hours I had lost to the war years and to the years of nightmares that followed in their wake. I had a mattress of softest lumpiest cloud and a thick duvet of swaddling down in a room not much bigger than a closet with no furniture save a wardrobe and a bed. The window above my headboard looked out on the border of witch hazel shrubs and lilac brush which provided a home to a family of thrushes which woke me with their sweet chatter each morning.
Sherlock twists, bucking John up onto his knees, and has a rummage about beneath John’s armchair. John ducks his head and squints a bit into the shadowy area and sees a black case and the glint of metal objects. John’s mouth drains, his throat constricting, and he swallows noisily as Sherlock pulls out something long and black and connected to a length of thick, black rubber tubing and turns back over onto his back.
John has a quick rummage through his duffle and sets down a bottle of oil and an accordion strip of condoms on the small table, before handing up one of the compartment’s complimentary water bottles to Sherlock, who takes it and uncaps it quickly, taking deep draughts as John folds the seats away into the wall and unlatches the hideaway bed above it, making sure it’s locked securely in place before turning back to Sherlock.
Sherlock looked down at his finger and noted, with detached interest, that the fingernail that had cracked inside the Edicott kitchen had torn halfway off and was now seeping blood. Red spots dotted the ground around his feet.
Tight, wet suction that makes John's cock ache and both of them are breathing hard when Sherlock releases him a long moment later.
“Lay the fire,” John repeats, dizzy with blood, dizzy with longing. He shakes his head to clear it. “Yeah. Yeah, I can do that.”
Sherlock didn’t return home until sunset and when he pulled into the drive, backing his car up to the honey shed’s doors, he was dirty, demoralised, and furious.
John makes the mistake of considering this and Sherlock sees it, sees a small opening, and slides forward, his hand reaching out to touch John, and John recoils, leaping up. He knows if he lets Sherlock near him he’ll lose what tiny shred of self-control he has.
Eventually your arm came up and you shifted closer, tucking the edge of it over my shoulder. The heat of your body hit mine and rolled down the length of it in a hot stinging lash.
“You should come home early from work more often,” I said, picking up a knife and drawing it between the folds of my dishcloth.
The noises Sherlock makes when John pries him open and licks him wet and messy make John’s heart speed up. He digs his fingers into Sherlock’s cheeks and holds him open, pulling him closer so that John can work the tip of his tongue just inside the hot silky passage of Sherlock’s body. For a startled moment Sherlock tightens around him, clamping down, and then, opening, opening, let’s John push inside.
God, you really are a moron. The answer is right there and any ordinary person would have grasped it already. Stupid, stupid.
“I was in the bathroom when the balloons burst,” Sherlock says, leaning down, eyelashes lowered, eyes trained on John’s mouth. “You apparently weren’t so lucky.”
Sherlock raises his eyebrows as he arranges the coral pink folds of ginger beside the sashimi. “I want to.”
Tom’s voice was thick with emotion when he responded a few long moments later. “I don’t think I was acting on the assumption of a typical addict. I think I was subconsciously acting on my own judgment that a relapse or act of self-harm would undo all the progress you had made, that that was worse than meeting you where you were in that moment, which is inexcusable. I panicked and thought I was acting in your own best interest. You’re right, I wasn’t thinking clearly about you or trusting in the skills you have developed over the years to get you through a moment like that, I was acting on my own set of assumptions and biases. I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
In our bed, in our home in Sussex, on a Saturday with nothing to do but what we like. His hair sticking up all over and stubble burn on his throat, he looks sex-tumbled and sleep-mussed and freckled and golden and absolutely lovely and, well…
The shame and disgust he felt for himself was hard to ride out. Looking back on the cold remove he had operated at for most of his life, distancing himself from others, holding any emotion, but especially sentiment, with contempt, treating the truth as a weapon, and holding reason as the highest virtue, Sherlock could see how it was all a protection mechanism borne of his upbringing with his abusive father. It had been safer not to feel, not to connect, not to be vulnerable.
“I knew you were still in there,” Sherlock gasps, sensation distracting him as he obeys John’s commands. “We won, John. Moriarty didn’t get what he wanted most because he didn’t know you at all. He didn’t know that none of those things he took from you made you the man you are. John, we kept thousands of people from having access to Moriarty’s drug network. We stood and faced him, instead of running. And we survived. We survived to keep loving each other. We won. John.”
They both turned back to the sink. The window reflected back their faces and the warm coziness of the kitchen behind them.
And yet, upon closer inspection: the petal softness of his skin, smoothly shaven. The rich sheen of his hair, whorls of black, brown and auburn. The flicker-flash of his eyes, like a flare of sunlight off silvered fish scales, they dazzle.
From chemicals and cuts and carelessness and callouses and cruelties. The creamy skin of his wrists and forearms marred by accidents and abrasions and burns and freckles and needles and the sweet blue rivers of his veins.
He sighs, a breath you didn’t know he was holding, having expected something vicious perhaps, or your particular brand of unsparing honesty at the very least, but you’ve managed to surprise him, you can tell, as his hands begin to move again over your back. “She is.”
“I’m not ashamed!” he says, only realizing a moment later that he had yelled it. Seeing the startled look on Ella’s face, John crumples forward to bury his head in his hands. Scrubs them down his face. Feels the blood pound to the surface. “Christ. Sorry. Look I’m not ashamed I’m just not used to it yet. What am I’m supposed to do if Sherlock kicks me out? Start pulling blokes now?”
I kissed him silent, sticking my tongue into his mouth, and he groaned against my lips, his hands clutching hard at my hips, trying to bring me flush against him so that our cocks would rub together. I braced my hands on his shoulders and held myself away.
“The facts, yeah.” John huffs a sardonic laugh and draws his fingertips over his left eyebrow, trying to marshal his thoughts, but he doesn’t have time because Sherlock interrupts him again.
“Oh, bugger off would you?” John grumbles, burying his face into his pillow, trying to get away from the frozen tip of Sherlock’s nose as it nuzzles into the curve of his neck.
John toes off his shoes, hangs up his coat. He’s grinning like a madman. His heart a tight throb in his throat. Above him the siren calls, as inexorable to John as a riptide. He will gladly risk Scylla and Charybdis, will gladly dash himself against the rocks or drown in the whirlpool to have it. He’s a convert, a zealot; he’s turned into Tom bloody Russel and he doesn’t even care.
She’s still dressed for the gala; crimson lips, silver dress dripping with crystals. They gleam and shimmer as she stands, giving the appearance that she’s dressed in a cascade of raindrops. Her dark hair is pulled softly back and pinned up artfully. It accentuates the hard cut of her cheekbones and the sharpness of her clear grey-blue eyes.
Sherlock is blur of black against the ceiling, his hair a wild fraying halo around his thin white face which is drawn and grim and it breaks John to see it, he can almost hear his heart snap in two, as Sherlock says, again, coldly, “Get up.”
An hour later he found himself no closer to an answer for why it had happened. All he could do now was wait for the November meeting and talk it over with the other members of the association.
In three strides he was pressed between my knees, his hands in my hair, his tongue parting my lips. I grasped him, my hands curling around his shoulder blades and held on.
John reaches up and puts his hands in it, loving the silky tumble of his curls. “How’d you manage to avoid getting glitter in yours?” he asks.
It was a case as it turned out. John came to crouch beside me and relayed the facts quietly: a man found dead stuffed inside a steamer trunk.
John has seen the research, but can admit he doesn't know enough about it to have a strong opinion. He still feels resistant to something in Sherlock's hypothesis and can't help playing devil's advocate a bit. “But some people enjoy pain…”
“Yes, anything,” Sherlock manages to whisper before John’s hands are underneath his elbows and helping him to stand.
He does it again. Canting his hips up so that Sherlock can see. Can see the dark spot at the tip, where his precome has soaked through. He fists his hand around the head, letting the fabric rub over the glans, rough and wet. John shudders.
“I’m going to take care of you, Sherlock. You need only ask for what you wish and if it’s within my power and inclination I will give it to you.”
“Oh, you’re close again aren’t you?” John murmurs, marvelling once more at Sherlock’s non-existent refractionary period. They hadn’t had sex since Sussex. Wanting to wait for tonight, to ring in the new year right. John can feel it in the tight stones of Sherlock’s bollocks drawn up against his body and the heartbeat drumming at the base of his cock. “You could come like this, getting fucked on both ends, without me even having to touch this lovely hard cock couldn’t you?”
“Christ,” he sighed as he came through the bathroom door with a towel wrapped around his waist and found me lying on my side naked. “You took it, didn’t you?” Hands on his hips, stern and disappointed and mildly exasperated, but not surprised. I think I’ve mentioned but he was very cute when he was cross with me. “You’re impossible, you know that, don’t you?” he said, going back into the bathroom.
John’s mouth cracks sideways in a wide grin and his eyes are a deep, deep blue when they flicker up to meet Sherlock’s.
He’s still kneeling in front of it, feeding logs into the small blaze when he hears Sherlock re-enter the room behind him.
John strokes him again, the back of his thumb rubbing against the underside of his own prick, sending tiny shivers racing up and down his body.
Heat blooms between you, sweat springing up, slicking his skin. There is salt on your tongue as you drag it down his throat, and the blood-sharp metallic scent of your bodies rises around you.
John reaches down and takes himself in hand, stroking in time to Sherlock’s incoherent, cock-muffled moaning. He’s hot and heavy and thick and John isn’t sure he’s ever been this hard.
“You will say yes,” you said, your voice low and fierce. “You, you, you, I cannot breathe now without you, you see?” I didn’t, I’m sure I looked shell-shocked at this admission from you and it spurred you on. “I’ve become accustomed to you, Watson. It is unbearable to me to think of you, of you cosseting some other woman,” you spluttered, colour staining your cheeks red.
When I had exhausted myself, when I stood panting, drenched in a cold sweat, with my stomach in knots, he rose.
Evan’s sharp gaze pierced Sherlock and he knew that they were weighing whether or not to respect this wish. Sherlock got the impression that Evan didn’t think much of him, probably in respect of their fallen comrade, and Sherlock couldn’t blame them for that. He didn’t think very much of himself after James Little’s death either.
“I give myself to you,” Sherlock says, with stunning, beautiful conviction. With absolute vulnerability and trust. John can feel a fierce, overwhelming tide of emotion in response to this answer and he has to lift Sherlock’s open face to his and take his mouth with all the tenderness that is brimming inside him.
Ellen pressed her lips together and looked at Sherlock as if she was trying very hard not to laugh. Sherlock frankly couldn’t see what was so funny.
John gets off early. The other locum had gotten her schedule wrong, showed up two hours early, and told John to go before they noticed.
“Oh, there you are,” Harold blasted Stackhurst said, cresting our driveway, his hand raised in greeting. John, bless him, went to meet him.
“No, I don’t think they know the full story or how I feel about it. I’ve never spoken to them about it.”
“What, all of us jammed into our tiny sitting room? Can you imagine?” Penny visibly deflated in concession to this.
John guides him, up and down on the tentacle spearing him from behind, while the tentacle wrapped around his cock pumps him hard and fast, sucking on the throbbing tip, while Sherlock bobs up and down on the tip of the tentacle in his mouth, until all at once John’s control splinters and he’s groaning, eyes rolling back in his head as milky white come floods Sherlock’s arse and throat at once and splatters all over Sherlock’s stomach so that, a minute later, all but three of John’s tentacles trail limply around him in the water.
He’s clearly undone. John watches as any and all barriers that existed between them in this new space they are exploring together are obliterated in one blow.
“Will you be able to watch me be tortured? Will you be able to see me in pain and not be able to do anything to stop it?” Sherlock tugs at his hair.
“There’s no end to your brilliance, Sherlock,” John murmurs, between each intoxicating kiss. “You see me so clearly, I wonder at it sometimes.”
Sherlock looks into John’s eyes and John hopes he sees there how much John means it, John hopes it scours away any doubt Sherlock has about how John feels for him. A moment passes that stretches for an eternity before Sherlock swallows and nods.
“Mine,” you blurt out and you can feel your cheeks smart at your haste. “Mine’s just—“ and you point, ineffectually, northwards.
When Sherlock entered the kitchen there was a plate of hot buttered toast lathered in a thick layer of blackberry preserves. Ellen stood at the hob pouring him a cup of coffee, her mouth twitching at the corners when she caught sight of him.
He stretches above him, drenched gold in the lamplight, as the music soars, and he sinks down. His hands rest behind him on John’s thighs. He is a bow pulled taut, neck arced, head tipped up toward the ceiling.
“The first sound you’ll hear is the low, prolonged lub,” John says, his hand resting light on the back of Sherlock’s as Sherlock listens to the beat of his own heart. “That’s the beginning of the ventricular contraction. That’s when the heart pumps blood out of the chambers and into the arteries. The systole.” Sherlock’s eyes are on John’s. “The mitral and tricuspid valves close and that’s the sound you hear. Do you hear it?” Sherlock swallows and nods.
He hears the snap of a bottle opening and closing and, expecting lube, John jumps when a drizzle of cold liquid hits the skin between his shoulder blades.
“You need something to plug this up?” John asks, and Sherlock nods. Nods around the tentacle in his mouth, whining.
John showers. Sherlock shaves. Primps. Does whatever black magic to his curls that needs doing. Possibly he sacrifices a lamb to some ancient diety who controls frizz and split ends. When John gets out Sherlock is in the bedroom thumbing at something on his mobile.
He sets the drumstick aside and picks up the bottle of lube. He gives himself a few cursory warm up pumps, but he’s already hard. It’s as if his body is kilometers ahead of him, the memory of the surgery still shimmering through his blood stream. That sudden shock of pleasure so intense John had thought he might pass out. Anticipation and adrenaline spike his blood, heady as any drug.
I didn’t tarry long in the bath. I washed and then shaved carefully, wanting to look my best for him. When I finally made my way out into the bedroom and saw just what he had “laid out” for me on the bed, I felt instant remorse at having so unfairly misjudged him. He had planned everything to the last detail.
He nods, but surges back up to kiss you, wrapping his hands around your neck, fingers threading into the curls at the nape of your neck.
You lay yourselves down in your bed, side by side, facing each other, your legs fit together down below. Thorn pricked skin bare to the heavy air. The white curtains against the sash still, unrifled, limp. The crickets on the green, still making music from their longing. A symphony of hunger and need and desire. It echoes beneath your skin, thrums there in your heart, a perfect cacophonous match.
His nose slips next to yours and the ragged scrape of your breath fills the sitting room as you wait for him to finally, finally close the space between you.
Sherlock rolls his hips and savors the surprised cock choked sound John makes, but who, when Sherlock tries to retreat, tugs him closer, sucks him harder, takes him deeper, until John’s beard is rubbing against Sherlock’s skin, cheeks flush to the inside of Sherlock’s thighs, chin hairs rubbing against Sherlock’s balls, sending sparks skittering brightly through him.
“Yes. Don’t do anything drastic. You’ve been through a lot of personal changes in the last year. Sherlock coming back from the dead and you moving back to Baker Street. Sherlock’s mother dying and him asking you to stay with him, to live with him once you two are ready to retire. And now…this…” Ella spreads her hands, encompassing John’s latest earth-shaking revelation.
“What?” I whispered, wanting him to finish his thought, wanting him to speak to me, wanting him to forgive me. Wanting him, wanting him, wanting him.
John takes his face between his hands and fixes him with his gaze. Sherlock “I Don’t Know What Love Looks Like” Holmes.
, and a bag of roasted cashews for snacking, into the front seat of his Range Rover, Sherlock headed to the honey shed to retrieve his equipment.
He rides him. Hips rolling forward and back. Sherlock lets him move. His hands on John’s arse cheeks, pulling him open, wider and wider.
John takes a step back. Sherlock follows. Their poles finally aligned, exerting an inexorable pull, keeping them ever in range. John's jacket hits the floor with a thud.
“Do you mean besides getting to share my life with the person I love most in the world, because that seems pretty obvious, even to me.”
When he resettles he meets Sherlock’s eyes in the mirror and John feels it as a fist to the solar plexus, punching the air from his lungs.
national treasure and we had both realized that it was a heretofore unrealized turn-on for him, well, we had had some few occasions to recreate that particular scene over the last few years. It had been some time since our last foray (a rather memorable time about a year ago which involved a corset, garters, and stockings—
A humming thrum vibrates against the back of John’s ribs as Sherlock presses close once more, ignoring him.
“That,” Sherlock says, pushing himself up, so that John is now sitting in his lap. Sherlock’s arms winding around him, his hands cupping John’s shoulder blades. “All of that. I want that. That’s. Good.”
For a moment John’s mind whites out: John’s thighs spread across the seat, lowering himself down until his arse was stuffed full. He would really be able to move then. Could hold onto to the back of the chair for leverage...
John settles back to his work, nose buried between Sherlock’s cheeks, nudging at his opening as he dips lower to lick over Sherlock’s perineum and taste the salty sweat beading beneath Sherlock’s heavy sac. The tip of John’s nose probes Sherlock’s entrance, distracting him, making him press back, and John responds, returning his mouth there, to set his tongue working at the pursed ring.
“That was…” Sherlock starts to say a few moments later, his lips against John's hair, and then stops, shaking his head as he ties off the condom and sets it aside.
Once a tidy blaze was building in the hearth he made himself a cup of tea and sat down at his desk with his journals and a pen. Blowing a cool stream of air over the fragrant rose-gold surface of the tea Sherlock opened to the section where he kept his records for his Cloversweet Hill hives. He pored over them, searching for any sign, any tiniest portent of impending doom, and found none. He turned to the pages where he kept notes on the local beekeeper’s association meetings and looked to see if anyone had mentioned finding foulbrood in their hives. He noted that Oliver Pollack, the beekeeper who was closest in proximity to Cloversweet, had reported his hives clean and healthy at the August meeting. Frustrated, Sherlock set his cup in its saucer and paced the rug.
John forgets that they are in the foyer. He forgets that Mrs. Hudson could walk in on them at any moment.
When I took you inside me some indefinite amount of time later, it was me who pinned you to the bed, our fingers wound up together, over your head. Our kiss swollen mouths never far apart. Our chests were pressed together, I could feel your rib cage expand against my own with each breath, could feel the beat of your heart against mine, our bodies cupping each other like hands around a flame.
His pale skin is mottled red. The ends of his hair are sticking up every which way in startled, electrified spikes.
Last night he had felt confident, a piece of his old self surfacing for the evening, allowing him to briefly embody the man he had once been, the one John had thought long dead to him.
They end up soiling another flannel before they’re both finally encased beneath the duvet, wrapped up in each other.
What sound do they hear when he finally touches that fisted bud? When the thorns are made useless and the casing is sundered and the naked petals unfold?
The back of John’s neck prickles. His cheeks grow hot. Sweat collects, clammy, in the small of his back. He is transported back to that moment in his bedroom as he held the drumstick in his hand.
“What do you think about?” John asks, his voice pitched low, his eyes stroking down, over Sherlock’s chest to where his cock is lying, long and full and gleaming, against his belly. His gaze, warm and appreciative, takes in Sherlock’s bollocks and pubic hair, the pale splay of his thighs, before flickering back up to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “When you touch yourself? What do you think about?”
The tentacle, secreting its own lubricant, rubs against Sherlock down below. Over his perineum, exerting delicious pressure, and gliding between his cheeks to get him slippery and relaxed.
Sherlock is sitting on the sofa in pyjamas and dressing gown, his prehensile toes gripping the edge of the coffee table, his fingers steepled beneath his nose, his eyes closed.
“Something like that,” Sherlock said. “I’m sure boys like me were known by more colourful names locally, yes?”
He wakes in the predawn light to snow gathered on the windowsill and Sherlock in his arms, snoring gently, the afghan pulled over them. John doesn't move, just lies in the stillness. The lights on the mantle glow, nestled in ever-green, reflected twice over in the mirror. John burrows his nose into Sherlock's hair, pulls him in.
Sherlock laughed, a short bark of sound. “She would have given me pie for breakfast,” he agreed, eyeing the pie tin that sat on the countertop covered by a tent of foil.
“You’re gorgeous like this,” John murmured, his tongue curling around my ear, his hand tangled in my hair. “I love how responsive you are. It’s so fucking hot.”
John just has time to seal around him before Sherlock is coming across John’s tongue and, hips rocking wildly, pops free to spout all over John’s chin and nose and cheek.
“A woman was killed,” Evan said, and Sherlock fumbled the key in the lock, accidentally scratching the wood. “A rich woman. And nothing was taken. Jewels, cash, it’s all still there. Curious, no?”
“That was at least two questions.” Sherlock tugs tentatively on John’s socks and, slowly, John nods.
“No, no, you didn’t,” John conceded. “And then, oh, God, what a day it was! Questioning all those Man United lads with Cyril and then going after that doctor with Pompey and tracking down Staunton at last. It was the most fun I had ever had.”
I could not do anything to quell it. Cocaine was the only solution I had found that honed it. Turned it into a blade I could wield; whet my brain until it was lucid and sharp once more. But, alas, cocaine was no longer an option.
“Are you telling me that we came all the way down here and you don’t have the proper forms?” Sherlock drawls, his tone bored and disdainful. No hint of what is going on inside him. John can’t help but admire his dedication.
“You want to know what I thought about?” he asks, leaning down to kiss Sherlock, soft and slow. “At first I just felt it. I had never experienced anything like it before. I had never come that hard. Never. Not by myself and not with a woman. It took over my brain. I was a fucking prostate monk. I practiced every day. I couldn’t think about anything else, besides when I would be able to put something up my arse again.”
His chest is flushed and his cock is leaking. Clear fluid pools in his belly button. The tip is bruised a deep purple, the slit, a glossy blood red. John’s never been this hard. Sweat smarts in the corners of his eyes. He blinks it away and reaches down.
You’re almost done, there’s two sips left and then you can have another two cigarettes on the walk home and that’s comfort enough to make the rest fade. You turn and lean against the smooth walnut bar and raise the glass to your lips and it takes all of two seconds for your whole life to change forever.
Sherlock’s attention is zeroed in on John, his brows furrowed, his thoughts chasing madly behind his eyes, trying to guess at what John is playing at.
John bends and fishes around in his satchel until he finds the box that holds his wireless headphones. He tucks them into his ears and waits.
He’s never spoken about it, not outside of therapy, but if Sherlock can talk about his overdoses, about how he coped and how he found a way to survive, John can do the same.
“We talked about Carrot possibly offering his mousing services,” Sherlock said, mind and mouth finally working in unison.
Sherlock nods, but his brow is crinkled up. John waits. “And when I asked for a blow job the other day…”
Sherlock groans in appreciation, hollowing his cheeks around himself, his lips stretching out to accommodate the wider girth as his cock swells towards it root. His eyes are wide, black with pupil, and absolutely desperate. It sends a hot pulse sluicing through John. His cock jerks in response, leaving a sticky spot on his pants.
“Feel good?” John asks, and Sherlock nods, tearing his eyes away from where John is touching him. “Might feel even better if we get my hand wet, yeah? You prefer lotion or lube or...”
You dipped your head and I thought you were going to kiss me at last, but instead you whispered, “What did she taste like?”, two inches from my mouth, and it knocked the breath from my lungs.
Sherlock’s left hand in John’s, palm to palm, soft ivory skin passing beneath the bright circle as the ring settles at the base of his finger.
Sherlock’s eyes flicker back down from where they’ve been fixed on the horizon, on the past, and meets John’s gaze.
“Sherlock, you literally just got out of rehab!” John protests. “If ever there was a definition of too much of a good thing—”
The wind pressed a cool hand between his shoulder blades as he hurried down the hill towards them, his hair blown forward, sooty black curls tumbling into his eyes and tickling across his cheeks. Sherlock ran a hand through it, in vain, before raising it in greeting. Charlotte, catching sight of him, rushed forward, something clasped to her chest.
“Four more and you’d have all seven. Your vicar would be very proud,” Sherlock says dryly. “It’s always amazing to me how many humans have turned asceticism into a law of morality.”
“And were you alone?” This is the point John is unclear on. He knows that Sherlock didn’t have relationships, but now that John has seen
“You like that?” John says against Sherlock’s smooth, cleanly shaven cheek. Sherlock, mute and breathing raggedly, nods. John, feeling the chafe of skin on skin as he works Sherlock a little faster, asks, “Where’s the lube?”
If autumn was finally here that meant that the bee’s year was coming to an end. September fading into October, the days were growing shorter and the weather cooler. Michaelmas had just passed, with the equinox not far behind it, and the purple asters that Sherlock had planted two years before were in bloom, along with the goldenrod and ivy, providing the last major nectar flow for his bees who would be shoring up their stores of honey for the winter. It was time for Sherlock to help them batten down and ready them for the cold months ahead.
He sat in the cab of the Range Rover long after he had turned off the engine, hollowed out. Grief and rage vied for prominence inside him, making his skin hot and clammy, his breathing shaky and shallow. He stared down at the black rings beneath his fingernails. He reeked of petrol and woodsmoke and sweat. Failure hung in a thick fugue about him, clouding his thoughts.
with anyone else before. I merely observed that if a partner was allowed to shower before commencing acts of a sexual nature they were less reticent.”
There are small signals flaring, setting off a mild warning bell in John, and serve to quickly clear the fog of lust that had kept him from noticing before.
“Not much of a people person myself,” John said, bringing a bite of lettuce to his lips and holding it there for a moment. “You smiled a second ago though, care to share what amused you?”
It was easy to get caught up in the definition of success as the amount of honey one could glean from their hives. It was easy to get caught up in wanting to show off the productivity of his bees at the farmers markets and win praise and monetary compensation. It was all too easy to see the failure of his hives as a yet another personal failure.
Sherlock swallowed hard as John let go of his awkward hold on Sherlock’s hand. The air rushed over where his skin was damp from John’s touch and sent a chill cutting through him. He shivered. “I feel I am responsible for his death and it’s hard for me to talk about my life before. It’s…”
her to understand. “I’ve never cared about that. I used to think it would be easier if I was. Then I wouldn’t have cared when everyone always assumed that Sherlock and I were together. That we were a couple.”
John turned around and watched as Sherlock chatted politely with Armand in perfect French, flashing him his sunniest, fakest smile, before being led behind the counter and through a door marked Private.
I shoved down, my back squeaking, catching against the car, where my sweat had dried. Pain burned across my shoulders, but I didn’t care. I didn’t care. I wanted you deeper. Wanted the fat meat of your tongue to stretch me out. To get so deep it would relieve the ache throbbing inside me. Tongue slipping out of me, you closed your lips around the ring of muscle and suckled at it and I babbled, unintelligibly, “Yeah, fuck me, fuck me. Oh god, Sherlock,” as you shoved yourself to the root inside me, teeth bristling against me.
Sherlock’s mind always boggled at that. How hard his father had fought for them. His two effeminate, bookish, quiet boys who would rather read or do maths than join rugby clubs or ride about on a horse or shoot a gun. He had treated them both with nothing but disdain and disgust; they were constant failures. Prissy, weak, girlish, fag boys. It had been an enormous relief when they were finally sent away to board at school, even if school had been a hell of its own kind.
“I know,” John says, canting his head up. “I’m not an idiot. I know better than to stand between you and a case.”
John remembers his lines. “Won’t be able to touch me either. Seems a bit.” John spreads his legs. Rests one hand on the top of his thigh. Palms his erection through his jeans with the other. “Unfair.”
At first, it’s clumsy. They bumble about. John’s body is not allowing itself to be led. But after a few circuits he lets himself relax into it—as so much of the last week has been a matter of John just letting himself relax into it, of allowing himself the space and the permission— he finally just lets Sherlock wheel him about the sitting room.
John probably should have been thinking about Irene’s offer, about her sudden interest in acquiring Watson Tech, about the deal before him that seems too good to be true.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and John sighs, unbuttoning his shirt, and then, when Sherlock remains quiet, lips pressed resolutely together, removes his undershirt as well.
In this universe Sherlock's second overdose happened when he came back from the Fall. If you would like to re-read the part where John is remembering that, it happens in
He seems devoid of self-consciousness, just moves his body in a way that will bring him the most pleasure, unfettered by what John might think of him, pushing his hips up to drive his cock through John’s fist in a tempo that John can tell is quickly unraveling him, his mouth open, his lips wobbly as his breath quickens, his eyes squeezed shut in an expression of almost pained ecstasy. His hands are rubbing the tops and insides of his thighs in restless motion, his legs spread wide across John’s stomach.
Sherlock speaks in measured tones, but all John feels is a sort of sick panic steal over him. He runs his hand over the back of his neck and he gets his feet under him. Spread. At attention. Why does it feel like he is bracing for a hit?
They step out into the warmth of a beatific June day. The temperature is rising, it will be stifling later, but the morning air is still crisp and the sky above them that peeks through the skyscrapers is a clear bright blue.
He imagines a boy barefoot in the garden just behind them, brandishing a wooden sword at the roses. He has a wild thatch of auburn curls and mischief in the one eye that isn’t covered with a black eye patch and is shouting at brigands and rapscallions hiding in the hedgerow.
“You are a doctor. A captain. A war hero. You are a man of nerve and skill and courage and wit and yet you see none of it.”
“Six months ago you got down on your knees and offered me your protection without asking for anything in return. You told me that you wanted me to stop trying to keep you satisfied, do you remember that?”
The veritable sonic boom of their chemistry hasn’t dampened at all in the few hours they’ve been apart and John’s ears buzz with it, aftershocks reverberating out through him, his cock instantly hard from it, his hips thrusting forward, seeking contact.
He traced the seam of my trousers with his fingertips, light, and then ghosted them over my flies. My cock swelled eagerly into his touch, lengthening as he trailed them up and down. Up and down. I spread my legs wider and adjusted the tablecloth so that it fell over my lap, concealing John’s hand.
Sherlock bends down until his mouth is just hovering over the tip of John’s, now fully erect, cock. Sherlock’s breath, hot and silky, glides over John’s sensitive skin and he jerks in Sherlock’s hand. Eager.
“See, it just seems like you knew an awful lot about prostate stimulation. I figure you must know how to use these.”
From this angle I could finally get a good look at the back of the knickers. I had had to hurry through getting dressed in order to meet him in the bar on time and hadn’t had sufficient time to fully appreciate John’s choice. It was an exquisite piece of work. The waist was scalloped and hugged my shape perfectly, accentuating the slim cut of my hips, while the lace on the bottom, scalloped as well, hugged the curves of my arse cheeks, leaving the bottom portion bare and swelling softly below the hems. The center was crisscrossed with black satin ribbon, which I had had to tighten and tie off in a tiny bow which was tucked into one corner, unnoticeable, and when I bowed my back, the effect, even I will admit, was quite stunning.
Sherlock seems to understand. “Jeans,” he says, and John is already thumbing open the button and unzipping, pushing them down his thighs before Sherlock can say anymore.
“I have people looking into it. Is there anything you can tell me that might give them a place to start?”
“I called round and asked him to burn them,” Ian said. “Told him we’d be happy to do it for him if necessary.”
“Oh, Daddy,” he breathes, his pink tongue drawing so slowly over his plump bottom lip. Pale, pale blue eyes blink up to John’s, rimmed in coal dark lashes, pleading. “May I?”
He had done everything right. He had followed the rules. He had followed the schedules, the suggestions, the local wisdom. He had taken precautions.
Sherlock turns on his side, still gloriously naked and flushed pink from his orgasm, slides his arms around John’s waist, and rubs his face against John’s stomach.
“This is a question of mental health, not a question of your fitness as a partner. Do you understand that?”
Sherlock pulls his hand away and cranes his neck towards the bedside table, seemingly oblivious to the fact that he has just knocked John into the stratosphere. Sherlock’s stomach muscles flex and pull beneath John’s cheek. “You’ve got to be at work in fifty-three minutes.”
Sherlock turns back to face him. “Those boys at the club said you were the best. They said you’d be able to handle me. That you took on tough cases.” Pale blue eyes flick over John disdainfully, almost triumphantly, as if he had known this would be the case, and then,
And yet, even as I looked at it longingly, aching to climb into his lap and nuzzle there, I found that my most primal instinct was at war with something else. Something vicious and snarling. Something I could not seem to conquer no matter how hard I tried. It was my nature; obdurate and tenacious. He was thinking so loudly, you see, he was practically screaming, there in the middle of our sitting room, and I could not stand it any longer.
Sherlock’s skin breaks out in goosebumps at the possibilities this game opens up. “Oh, yes, sir, I think that’s a spectacular idea.”
"Is it working, Sir?" Sherlock gasps, arching off the bed as John sucks on his throat, leaving behind a deep aching mark that throbs intensely in the cool air as John lifts away.
He watches you with that same intensity from the bar, sitting directly in front of you on the pull down seat.
John wakes to the boom of Jenny’s bark. It pulls him out of sleep instantly and he rolls off the bed and into a crouch. His heart is pounding as he blinks in the sudden brightness—he’d fallen asleep reading and his bedside lamp is still on. Jenny is at the door barking up at a man leant into the doorway, eating an apple. It takes a moment for John to register that it’s only Sherlock. He withdraws his hand, which has instinctively wrapped itself around the drawer handle of his bedside table, where his army switchblade rests. John pushes himself to standing, rubbing a hand over his face.
“I’m close. I’m so close, Sherlock, I—“ John buries his nose in the sweaty curve of Sherlock’s neck, his hand anchored in Sherlock’s hair, overcome.
Today he feels slightly ill. He thinks of the conference room in a new light, wondering how he hadn’t seen it earlier. How he had allowed Sherlock to think that this was what John wanted. Sherlock, with his powerful, brilliant mind, bending it to cultivate John’s favour.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbles, the warmth of his breath seeping through John’s shirt and vest to melt against his skin.
Once Sherlock has unwound the ties from around John’s wrists they lay down facing each other, within the circle of each other’s arms, both marvelling at the other and what they had accomplished together.
“I think things have changed,” Sherlock says, quietly, as the town car crawls through traffic. John looks up from his phone, where he has been scrolling mindlessly through the news. “I think we need to renegotiate our terms.” John turns towards him, his knees brushing Sherlock’s.
“Inside each box are ten frames. In the top ones they make honey, the bottom one is where the brood chamber is. This is where the queen lays her eggs and the young bees are hatched. Do you see that dark brown substance around the edge of the lid? That’s propolis.”
“Your endorphins will kick in. Make you feel blissed out. Your heart is beating quicker and quicker in response to your body’s arousal.”
“I want you to make me forget about the thousand million things going through my brain at any given moment.”
The ache coils in his belly, his balls drawing up close to his body. He breaks out in a chill, all his hair standing erect, as John braces his feet against the bed and with one last push he disintegrates into sparks and comes so hard that he screams.
Sherlock blushes and looks up at John coyly through his lashes. “I’ve never come quite so many times with any of my other Daddies. It speaks to your prowess as a lover, sir.” Coquettish and an obvious attempt at shameless flattery, but then John is kissing him bruisingly again, his hands hot and possessive on Sherlock’s hips, so Sherlock considers it a success.
Sherlock turns his head and John can feel his breath tickling the hair on the inside of his thigh, just before he presses a kiss there.
Sherlock almost misses the words that appear at the top, he’s so caught up in what’s about to happen.
Harry is less circumspect. “So what, your GP had a rub around down there and you decided you wanted to marry your flatmate?”
“Is that what you want?” John asks, ducking his head so that Sherlock will meet his eyes. They’re washed out and red. John’s chest swells. He wants to ease him.
The cock ring makes it manageable, the edge is gone, like walking out of the blinding heat into a pool of cool shade on a hot day, but John can still feel it building under his skin. A tide swelling.
Sherlock nods. “If it will help us communicate better and help us avoid situations like this in the future, then the logical answer is yes.”
The sound scratches against the inside of your head. You draw your brows together, unable to place it.
“And you,” he scoffed, “are delirious. Go downstairs and have your coffee. That should snap you out of it.”
Peeled myself off of the hood of the car, my heart pounding, all of my insides spilling out. I felt ill, dizzy, disoriented. You said my name I am sure of it, but I was deaf to all but the oceanic throb of blood in my ears. I gathered up my things. I spent some time searching for one of my trainers, but when you reached out and touched me with your—
He gives it ten minutes before he rolls onto his back, more awake with each passing second. He had really hoped that an orgasm would have bought him a few extra hours. Resigned, John slowly extracts himself from the bed, collects his book and mobile and tiptoes from the room, Jenny at his heels.
“Yeah. It’ll come to me. I can be rather brilliant myself when I put my mind to it. Now, how did you want to start?”
Sherlock nodded. “I can honestly say it’s the hardest thing I’ve ever done. It turns out trying to retrain your brain to think differently is incredibly difficult.”
, John thinks. Lips touching softly as fingers slip over buttons and cotton and wool. Caught and tangled together. Shirts forgotten for richer pastures, sifting through silvered tawny strands and velvet night-black curls. Threading. Cradling. Cupping. Gripping. Holding.
John followed behind him as he entered the kitchen and went to fetch his things. He filled and plugged in the kettle as Sherlock sat down at the kitchen table to put his shoes on.
“Sherlock tells us you're originally from this area,” Zoe said, biscuit crumbs caught in the corners of her mouth. “Do you still have any family here?”
Sherlock screws up his face. “What is the point of life if you’re not willing to change? Change is happening constantly, we just don’t always notice it. It’s incremental. Every month I go to the doctor to collect that scrap of paper that says I’m clean it gets a little easier to not turn back. Every time I come home and see you sitting in your chair I know it’s worth it. I’m willing to change for that. Are you?”
“Easy,” he said, pulling back just far enough so that I could drown more easily in the blue blue bluest burning blue of his eyes. “Easy.”
it, feels it in his core, all of those things Sherlock can't say out loud, all of the things he says with his hands and his body and his eyes and his heart, John feels it
John watches as Sherlock realises he’s being watched. The slight jerk of his head to the side as he catches sight of John in the corner of his eye, bent over his feet. The tension that ripples through him and then the release when he registers who it is. Slowly, he straightens.
“You’re quite right, Charlotte, the name is confusing. It makes one think of tiny loaves doesn’t it? Bees wearing oven mitts?” He laughed again and this time Charlotte joined him, giggling.
“Then lets try something different,” John suggests, having expected Sherlock to respond this way. It’s a relief, almost, that he has. It confirms that John knows him better than he thought.
John kisses back up until their mouths are within range once more. Sherlock’s breath comes hard and fast and when his eyes meet John’s, they’re glazed and lost, pupil-shocked and dazed.
Sherlock brings the mug to his lips and blows across the surface. The steam curls up to where his hair is falling once more across his brow. It’s a distraction, he’s giving himself time to think. John’s hands shift on his knees, wanting to reach for him, wanting to touch him. He reigns it in. Stills.
John sighs. “It’s not nonsense. I told you at the beginning, nothing is set in stone. We are always in flux, always changing, we have to acknowledge that and adjust.”
You’re not sure how long he lingers there, but you’re thoroughly wrecked by the time he pulls away. You keep your eyes closed, your lips still tingling, your breath hitching shallow and quick, your heart racing, and listen to his quiet footsteps down the hall and the muted click of the door in it's jamb and the groan of the pipes through the walls.
Sherlock hates people, hates shopping, loathes eating, but he has done all three and actually managed to be his normal scintillating self without one strop or sulk.
Underneath the blanket the air is close and smothering. Thick with carbon dioxide and sweat and musk. All sound reduced to the murmuration of his blood in his ears.
“I’m sorry,” he said, looking contrite. His eyes were fuzzy with lust and he blinked, as if trying to clear it. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t—“
, and, so I—“ John watches as Sherlock rolls neatly onto his side and then pushes up onto his hands and knees.
“I want you to humour me tonight. Do you think you could do that?” John says, not in character yet, wanting to ease them into it. He’s watching Sherlock carefully to gauge his reaction. It could be a gamble, what John is about to suggest; he knows some men would balk at it. It would feel too unnatural.
The other is content to flicker around Sherlock’s stretched rim, soaking it in lube and easing the stretch for it’s friend.
“Kiss me, my perfect, perfect boy,” John gasps, leaning in and crushing their mouths together, feeling it build and build inside him.
John thinks about his bedsit in London right after he got back from his tour. How noisy it had been. His neighbors on one side, a Pakistani family of seven living in a two bedroom flat. The four year old twins had kicked a football against their shared wall sometimes when their mother was at the shops and John would end up in the fetal position under the bed, his hands over his ears, sweating through his shirt as the percussive bangs of the ball meeting the wall, over and over, and the grandfather shouting in Urdu, brought back memories John would rather forget. Other times he ached with jealousy at the laughter and music and boisterous debate that took place often and the affectionate way they spoke to each other.
“Dearest, why do you want to burn it?” His question was quite earnest and so I allowed myself to sink down onto my backside, holding the book in my lap.
“Sherlock, stop.” John grips him by the shoulders and forces Sherlock to look at him. John needs him to calm down. There’s a frenetic panicked energy gripping him and his breathing is coming short and hard. John’s afraid he’ll descend into a full blown anxiety attack if he isn’t interrupted. “We’ll figure it out, all right? All I need you to do for me right now is breathe. Please. For me, Sherlock. Breathe.”
“You wrote it down because when you read it, you relive that feeling of being loved by me, and you believe it, if only for a little while.”
“There’s that glorious arse,” John growls appreciatively, taking two handfuls and squeezing. “Christ, it’s a plump, juicy thing, isn’t it?” John’s hands move freely over Sherlock’s skin, rubbing them until Sherlock’s cheeks are warming up, his knees slipping wider as he lowers just a bit, pressing back into the rough handling.
Sherlock handed her the notebook. Crouching down, Charlotte set it on the ground and opened it. The pages were gridded in pale blue lines. Tucking her pages into the centre of the book she stood. “Do you have a pen?”
“So, can I take you out on Saturday? For our first official date?” John asked, playing with the fingers on Sherlock’s right hand, which lay on the tabletop between them.
“You’re a bastard, you know that?” John says, but it comes out a bit breathless and loses it's edge.
They fall into step beside each other, Sherlock obviously measuring and matching his stride to John’s shorter one. As they walk John can feel Sherlock ruminating on something. He can pick out the signs now, behind the cold stoic facade. His mind is whirring behind that cool gaze that he fixes straight ahead of him. John won’t pry, but he hopes, some day, that Sherlock will choose to share some of his thoughts with John. It therefore shocks John a bit that there on the pavement Sherlock decides to do just that.
“I’m not marrying him to fix him, Harry. I’m marrying him because I love him and I want to spend the rest of my life with him.”
Finally he threw back his head and with complete abandon he groaned and I felt him stiffen inside me, flooding me with his come.
It was outsized, the feeling that tore through me when compared to the ginger tenderness with which John used his mouth on me. He coddled and cradled me, so careful, the gift between his lips properly cherished. But I did not want cherishing. I wanted ravaging. I thrashed a bit, my fingers tangled up in the quilt, bunching it and smoothing it, my body trembling.
The movement jostles the beads, pushing them deeper as Sherlock moves underneath him and fuck, John isn’t going to last much longer.
John looks down into his cup and shrugs. “Didn’t you ever have something happen that…opened a door?”
A bottle hits the bed beside him, skidding into John’s calf. “Sit up against the headboard and get yourself ready.”
Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut as if he can’t believe his luck and his shoulders wriggle a little in a tiny shiver as he nods, bottom lip caught between his teeth.
Sherlock gazes back at him, the picture of innocence, flirting at him with his lashes, as if he isn’t on his knees slowly wanking John’s aching prick good and slow. It's obscene. John's cock standing out from his fly, thick and red. It distorts the proportions, makes him seem enormous. Makes him feel bigger, filling Sherlock's hand.
John Watson’s chest was a testament to both war and peace. His left shoulder, of course, bore witness to his service to Queen and country. He was the bravest man I knew. The type who, without hesitation or compunction, would throw himself into harms way if it meant saving another. He had saved my life countless times, but, much to my chagrin, I was not the only one he risked himself for. If retirement held any luster it was this: that John would be safe. He would be hidden away in our charming Channel-side hamlet, pottering about our hermitage, safe and sound and hale for the rest of his, hopefully considerable, days.
He had sat outside the office building until the sun had just begun to set, his cup of coffee long since gone cold beside him on the concrete wall.
You drink your beer and you deduce their ordinary ill-kept secrets and it should make you feel better, but somehow it doesn’t make you feel any better at all.
When he opens them again Sherlock is smiling. Chewing. His cheeks just a bit pink. Looking pleased as punch.
John nods, licking chocolate off his thumb. “Neither of them could afford to move out after the divorce. They went into so much debt buying the damn place, and the last three times they tried to sell it, they got offers well below asking.”
“He’s ours?” Oh, the wide open blue of his eyes. Oh, the wobbly disbelief of his lips. Oh, the pure unadulterated happiness glowing on his face when he knelt down in front of me and reached out with both hands.
Sherlock knows John will need to take him again, this time to mate Sherlock, to fill Sherlock with his seed and Sherlock shivers at the thought, tingling all over.
John’s thighs, already slick with lube, slide against each other as he kneels and pushes his ancient desk chair with it’s cracked green leather seat and it’s squeaky copper wheels out of the way.
John tips up onto his toes. Fingertips resting light against Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock’s mouth opens above him. Petal soft lips parting for John’s tongue.
You feel him shift beside you on the bed, rolling you slightly towards him.“Wha’re you do-ing?” you mumble, smushing your face down into the pillow.
They kiss through it. Languid and slow. Taking their time. Urgency replaced with the promise of time enough ahead of them to explore at their own pace. The promise of it simmers beneath their touches, infused into every stroke of tongue and hand, latent turning manifest as they draw closer to the hotel.
Without a word I followed John out of the park and, though we were only a mile or so from home, into a cab.
“Oh, stop, stop, I was only kidding.” Sherlock’s arms wind around him tight so that he can’t stand up.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, feeling instantly guilty. There was a more diplomatic way to put it and he should have tried to find it before he’d just gone and blurted it out like an accusation. “I shouldn’t have said it like—“
You just came inside from mowing the little patch of grass in the back garden and the larger one in the front and you bent down over me in my desk chair, my head tipped back, upside down, and kissed me good afternoon. You were handsome in your shirtsleeves, a pastel blue that matched your eyes, and your cheeks were rosy. There was dandelion fizz caught in your stubble, and you were still wearing your slouchy wide brimmed gardening hat that once belonged to Mrs. Hudson and was a very fetching shade of violet. You smelled sun sweet, grass sweet, indefinably
One single word from him and Sherlock’s hands are on his buttons, not caring that just on the other side of the door are people who could catch him. And this time, he has no plausible reason for being starkers in a conference room. He can only hope that employees are beginning to scatter for lunch, but he keeps it at the forefront of his mind: the absolute need to keep quiet.
“How’d dinner go last night?” Ellen asked as they walked back towards the tent. A small boy was eating a triple decker cheddar and crackers sandwich that he had built off of one of the artfully arranged cheese boards. Zoe offered him a small bunch of green grapes, which he took before darting off to join his grandmother a few stalls down.
There’s a glowing aura of light edging him, backlit by the single sconce on the wall behind him. Sherlock wonders yet again at how a man of slightly below average height can take up so much space. His comportment is outsized, his presence commanding. Even naked, even kneeling, he dominates the room, his posture erect, his expression focused, his movements sure.
he thinks, aware, on some level that he is dissociating himself from this experience in a not so good way perhaps. Ella would shake her head and look worried, scribbling something like
“John,” Sherlock says, opening his eyes and turning his head to look at John. The irises have been swallowed, but there is such naked unadulterated emotion laden there that it makes John ache to see it. “John, I’m…oh.” His eyes flutter shut as John works his cock in his hand and twists the plug, screwing it deeper. His eyes blink open a few moments later and he’s drunk on bliss, so beautiful it makes John’s chest hurt, “John,” he says, touching John’s cheek with fingers that are still slippery and fragrant with oil. “John, I’m falling for you too,” he whispers, repeating it twice as his body releases and he begins to come, tipping over into orgasm, his sweet words pressed to John’s lips as John leans down to taste them, to claim them.
John licks him through it and only stops when Sherlock starts to lower his hips back down to the sofa cushions.
Sherlock’s mouth is fierce against John’s. He kisses John like he’s laying a vow on him. It mantles John in love, sinks down into his bones. Laying claim, accepting the risk. Sherlock’s hands hold John’s face between them like something cherished, something precious, something he wants to keep and protect. John feels it. He doesn’t need Sherlock to say it.
The hood of the car was cool and smooth against my over-heated skin as you stepped up between my knees and ran your hands up the backs of my arms, fingertips drawing lightly through the fine sheen of sweat.
The way it hammers away at your chest as you sink down on him, the round head nudging along the top of your palate, the seawater taste of him leaking all over the inside of your cheeks. Your lungs burn as your lips meet the top of your fist, the backs of your eyes smarting with tears when you pull up and off.
“Wonderful.” Claire claps her hands together. “Well, then I’ll be off. It was very nice to meet you, Sherlock. Give your brother our love, mm?” Sherlock inclines his head and Claire smiles at John. “You’re in good hands. John is one of our veterans, in multiple senses of the word. He’s been with us for, what is it, three years now?”
“Sherlock.” His head thrown back. Doesn’t care, can’t care, what he looks like as long as Sherlock doesn’t stop doing what he’s doing.
You can feel something simmering beneath his calm facade. You sense it’s fury. He’s trying to control it, make it work for good.
Just as Sherlock was putting away the rake, a ginger cat slipped out of the woods and sat in the grass nearby, tail twitching, watching him with round green eyes.
Sherlock pulls away, unwinding his arms from around John, and takes a step back. “I think this is a good place to stop and talk about the magnitude of what you just suggested.”
“Oh, you would, would you?” John murmurs. Walking over to him and tipping Sherlock’s chin up with one finger. Without looking away, John takes the flannel from Sherlock’s hands and presses it to his chest. “In need of a sponge bath are you?”
John is standing in front of the windows that face Central Park. The trees gleam lushly beneath the pearly streaks of rain, a rippling viridian sea. The back of John’s shirt is chilled from the air conditioner when Sherlock wraps his arms around him from behind. His skin prickles up, the hair on his arms and legs standing on end.
For a moment Sherlock is confused. He had asked for exactly what they had done. What was John referring to?
John huffed a laugh, the skin around his eyes crinkling. “I’m afraid the cat’s fairly useless, but he’s at your service.”
At the soft dark pile of his genitals nestled in the thatch of curly hair. At the arched buttresses of his ribs. The pebbled pink nipples. The sharp blades of his collarbones. The vulnerable hollow of his throat.
When the B-side has finished Sherlock goes over to switch them out and when the first unmistakable notes of Claire De Lune fill the room, John can’t help but smile.
Your eyes swept over me and cut me straight through. How do you do that? And so quickly too. One look and you could see everything I was thinking. Everything I wanted, but couldn’t ask for. I blushed and I stung, nettled with embarrassment, with need. We both know that I have a filthy mind. That I need certain things from you more than I think I should. You have never made me feel ashamed of them, on the contrary, you have always indulged my desires, even when they are dark or difficult to articulate, but the instinct to deny them is inbred and I can’t help it, I bit my tongue and swallowed against the words that threatened to spill forth.
“It was a rare lucid moment for him. And so I shared with him that we would be getting married.” Sherlock licks his lips. “And he told me about the woman who lived here with my grandmother, her name was Anne, was really the love of my grandmother’s life. We all knew her as my grandmother’s housekeeper, who had come with her from France, where they had met during the First World War. Anne was British and I loved her dearly when I was a child. She died almost a decade before my grandmother did and now that I think about it, Grand-mere was never the same after that.”
“She’s laid up in bed,” Zoe said, resting her hands on her hips as she finally reached the car. “Migraine,” she explained, tapping her temple, when Sherlock looked at her with concern.
There’s a noise in the stairwell that leads down to the back alley behind him, a footfall on a squeaky board, and all three of them sit up straighter.
You have never taken your time like this. Never wanted to parse the flavours and textures of someone’s mouth before. Never wanted the kiss to never end, for it to go on indefinitely. You want to bottle this feeling, the plush feel of his tongue against yours, the faintest golden whisp of whiskey lingering like woodsmoke on a breeze, the rasp of his stubble, the strands of his hair slipping between your fingers. You hear, distantly, the sound of his beret hitting the floor.
John tries to walk backwards up the stairs, but they only make it so far as the first landing before he stumbles.
He doesn’t stop to hang up his coat or remove his shoes. He walks directly through into the sitting room and lets the bags drop with a satisfyingly loud bang.
Sherlock reaches down and runs his fingers through John’s hair. John’s eyes slip closed, enjoying the feeling. It sends delicious splinters of sensation shooting down the back of his neck. Down his spine. His thighs. His calves. Down to the tips of his toes.
Hands either side of Sherlock’s face, stroking Sherlock’s impossible cheekbones with his thumbs. Over the wild black thicket of his brows. The cool marble arch of his brow.
, he can hear Harry snipe inside his mind) They wear no makeup and their black hair is artfully disheveled, one side shaved, the other swept back from their brow, the tips frosted white. They smell of expensive perfume, like leather and lilies, and their lacquered nails, painted ebony and cut short, gleam wetly in the bright light.
“Don’t tell me you’re going to burn it!” he exclaimed, his feet hitting the floor with a mild thump. Toby considered us from his place curled up on my armchair, ears perked.
Sherlock licks at it, letting the musky flavour seep over his tongue, saturating his tastebuds before he sucks it inside.
John’s heart is racing. He tries to focus on the familiar. The soft sheets beneath him that smell faintly of Mrs. Hudson’s lilac fabric softener. Sherlock’s judo certificate hanging on the wall over their bed. The ribbed, celadon wallpaper. The filmy white curtains pulled shut over the window. The hiss of the radiator behind him.
“I thought this was meant to be a short term program,” he says, and John feels the statement hit like the blunt edge of an insult.
Sherlock can concede this. It’s true. Or, it was. His throat throbs at the contradiction. He nods his head heavily.
Through a pair of open French doors he can see into the sitting room where Harry and Clara’s friends are gathered. Tinsel on the flocked tree glinting against the bank of floor to ceiling windows keeps snapping across John’s eyes and making him blink back spots. Backlit by a deep blue twilight sky with London’s lights glittering like a carpet of stars rolling down the hill below their flat, the setting is rather striking.
John sips his coffee, enjoying watching Sherlock so thoroughly savor his creation. After another truly erotic moan as he finishes the last bite, Sherlock nods his head towards the cookbooks on the coffee table. “Are you making samosas next?”
“I’m so sorry it felt like I stole your agency from you, Sherlock. I’m sorry that you feel exposed and that your privacy has been violated.” Tom sounded genuinely contrite. “Are you open to talking with me about how we can prepare for the next time something like this might happen? I also want to spend some time talking about the next week or so as these new painful memories resurface and how I can support you.”
He cupped my hips in his hands and leaned forward, running the tip of his nose along the ridge of my cock, standing out against the tight cut of my trousers. My cock throbbed and I moaned, shifting my hips restlessly as he breathed out, his breath seeping through the wool and wetting the lace beneath. It chafed slightly against my skin and my hands slid into John’s hair, tensing against his scalp. He rubbed harder against me, intensifying the sensation. I was awash in it. The soaring allegro and the heady drip of endorphins and oxytocin unleashed by John’s teasing touches suffusing me.
The windows in the cathedral will be constructed from chips of glass glazed all the shifting colours of his eyes. You’ll stand in it and be stained cerulean, aqua, celeste, cyan, iris, violet, viridian, turquoise, teal, azure, tiffany, midnight. You kneeling on a sandstone floor, flags of ochre coloured rock the exact shade of his skin, the exact colour of a beach in the south of France that you once traipsed across with your grandmother’s hand in yours and the blue blue ocean and the blue blue sky stretching for fathoms before and above you.
He slid his arms beneath my shoulders and buried his face in my neck. I wrapped my legs around his waist and rocked him into me.
“...no, it’s not only for toffs, it’s a sheep’s milk cheese, originating in Sicily,” Zoe chided when the man made a nervous joke about it being out of his price range. “It’s delicious crumbled up in a salad or grated on pasta with pesto. It’s salty and nutty and versatile. Yes, see? It’s divine, isn’t it?”
“I want you to.” John is panting. His hand tightens in Sherlock’s hair. He tugs at Sherlock’s prick with the other. “Put your tongue in me.” John is mindless. Incoherent. “Fuck me. Fuck me with your tongue. Sherlock.” He needs more and he needs it now.
Sherlock glares down at the phone screen. After changing his number three times Sherlock had given it up for useless when the texts kept coming.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, accepting the mug with a French Bulldog rather gamely attempting yogic poses painted on it. He was sitting on a lumpy loveseat covered in shiny gold fabric with garish pink peonies and blue peacocks splashed across it, which sat beneath the window that looked out on the front lawn. John sat diagonal on a sofa of brown velvet, which clashed against the pale-blue shell patterned wallpaper. It was vintage, tasteful, and looked expensive. Nothing in the room was a matched set, it had the ascetic of a neighborhood rummage sale with items of varying taste and cutting across multiple eras and styles, and nothing in the room seemed to match John.
He knew that he often felt angry and dissatisfied. Like he couldn’t settle into his skin. He couldn’t hold a relationship for longer than a month. He chased after Sherlock and chased after Sherlock and chased after Sherlock until Sherlock went somewhere that John couldn’t follow.
And it feels like breathing underwater. His lungs expand. He comforts himself with the corporeal weight of Sherlock as the music swells around them, inside him. He can’t hide from it.
Sherlock, his hands on John’s hips, says, slightly breathless as their bodies move in slow rocking waves, into John’s ear, “Do you want that John? Do you want me to suck and lick at your tight little hole until you come?”
Sherlock’s breathing grows stilted as John rubs his prickly cheeks up and down the inside of Sherlock’s thighs. There is a whine trapped in the back of Sherlock’s throat and when John looks up Sherlock’s eyes are shut tight, his mouth is hanging open, and his hands are clenched in the sheets.
Ellen, her freckled cheeks rosy and her short strawberry blonde hair finger mussed, walked past him to fetch another cheese cooler from the back of her truck, grinning madly.
If John looked over his shoulder he is sure he would see the wreck of some stellar devastation. Their past smoldering in ruins.
He’s on the far side of the bed, untucking the top sheet from where it’s been tucked into the mattress, when Sherlock walks out of the bathroom naked.
John keeps going. Broad, wet stripes up and down, just circling the rim as it pulses, just begging to be fucked.
I moaned around him in response, rubbing at his hip, and I felt him shiver and then go tense. I bent lower, taking him deeper, and I felt him flood me, coming thick and hot down the back of my throat.
The plug glides. Stretching Sherlock’s rim at the thick middle. The base judders in John’s palm as John pauses there. Wave after wave of strong vibrations echoing out through Sherlock’s quivering flesh, an echo reverberating through John’s bones.
“In fact I did not buy you mints. What do you take me for? Really John, my pride is wounded.” I pressed a hand over my heart. “What else could be inside?”
John pushes Sherlock’s hands away and slips the button through it’s hole. He pops the collar and settles Sherlock’s tie around his neck, quickly tying it in a Windsor knot.
With Sherlock positioned the way he is, with his legs spread as wide as they will go, John has better access to him and he uses it to great effect.
John goes completely still. A wash of cold breaks down his body as if he’s just been doused in a cup of freezing water. Goosebumps rise on his arms, his hair pricking against his sleeve. Bloody hell.
Sherlock is ready by a quarter til seven. John is a military man and values punctuality. Sherlock should know. He has been arriving to work late for months to try and get a reaction from the man. Now at least he can see why none of his tactics had worked. John is one of the rare dons who liked to believe that he was above the scene. He probably felt deeply uncomfortable somewhere underneath that calm exterior and made up for the shame and guilt by eschewing the trappings of the genre. Sherlock will figure him out.
Fuck, it’s a beautiful cock. The thickness makes Sherlock’s throat ache, the round head makes his mouth water. It stands out from John’s body, proud and immense, spotlit by the screen light.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s cheeks are pink and his mouth inches up into a tentative smile. John must kiss him then, joy at this arrangement being re-engaged glowing warm between them, so he does.
So when I arrived home on a Wednesday at 12:53pm I did not expect to see his coat hanging on the peg, his scuffed brown shoes toed off beneath, and the sharp sear of silver polish mingling with the intoxicating scent of chocolate wafting from our flat. According to the laws of our universe John should have been at work.
“No matter what your answer to me is after I’ve finished having my say, I’ve been rather disappointed to realize that I placed a great deal of stock in my ability to provide certain things for my boys. I’ve been stripped of any pretence I had that I was somehow different from the other men at the club. You very concisely described what has happened to me as systematic destruction and I think I’m also experiencing the very specific devastation of realising I’m not who I thought I was.” John swallows, hot all over with shame a furnace beneath his breastbone, breath trapped like a sob in his throat. “Sherlock, I’m at sea. The confidence I used to have in myself has been shaken. It may take some time before I’m able to find my feet again and...and I don’t expect you to wait around while I do it. I know how important having a don is for you and your mental health and I want you to have that. You deserve someone who can give you everything I no longer can.”
You bend and set your mouth there again, sucking at the tender brand, and he moans and fists his hand into the sheets. Your name an exultation on his tongue.
Beads. Three different types of butt plugs. A vibrator. Something that looks suspiciously like a large rubber washer. A bottle of expensive lube.
“It reminds you that you belong to me,” John murmurs, leaning his weight into his right arm as he slips his left hand over the outside of Sherlock’s hip to cup the swell of his arse cheek and grips. Sherlock moans, a deep gravelly sound drawn up from his belly, as the bruised, tender skin reacts to John’s rough treatment.
Content Warning: There is mention of suicidal thoughts and past drug use in this chapter. If you would like to skip this, stop reading at the part where John takes Sherlock's hand in his lap.
“They set off a chemical reaction in your brain which triggers certain things in your body. You rely on them for that cascade, that feeling of comfort, of pleasure.”
They wank slowly, their eyes roving over each other’s body hungrily. John’s heart thuds in his cheeks, his chest, his hand.
Zipping it onto the collar of his suit, he grabbed the smoker and added a rolled-up piece of newspaper into the vessel and lit it with a match. Once it had caught Sherlock stuffed a wad of baling twine inside, which he scavenged from Ellen and Zoe or other farmers who used bales of hay to feed their farm animals. He set it down and let it smoulder while he retrieved his tools. Going around to the front he fetched his new journal and a pen and stuck it in his pocket. Walking back to the trunk Sherlock pulled out the cypress boards and walked them over to the hives so that he would have them ready. His bees came to say hello, alighting on his suit and flying about his head.
Sherlock remembers that night on the plane, the last time he and John had engaged in this pastime. How he had still been trying to figure out what John wanted. How he had still been trying to figure out how to trap and claim John’s attention. How he had closed his eyes and gone somewhere else in his head, approximating a naughty boy who deserved a punishment, not a man who asked for what he wanted.
Sherlock’s mouth is a snarl of pain and fury. His words, a scalpel, eviscerating. “You’ve been uncomfortable the entire time. I’ve been brushing it off, explaining it away. Well, I don’t need your pity fucks and I don’t need your pity proposal. And I don’t need your pity to keep me alive. I can do that fine on my own.”
He’s turning red again, stammering and clearly uncomfortable, and it’s unbearable, so you kiss him to shut him up.
He could stand at a bathroom sink, completely starkers, with Sherlock beside him, and feel nothing but lucky to be there.
Head tucked into his chest, letting the water run down his body, skin stinging as the blood was brought rushing back to the surface, Sherlock thought about the day ahead.
John was solid and familiar against my back. He wrapped his arms around me and took my hands in his, threading our fingers together so that his palms were pressed to the backs of mine. He raised them and placed them just below my collarbones, our fingers curling into the notches. I leaned my head back and nudged my nose into the space just beneath his left ear.
Mycroft smiled and looked down at the gleam of his wingtips, a fierce blush staining his cheeks. He stepped down onto the walkway, speechless.
“Wait,” Sherlock says, turning back towards the door and speaking over his shoulder. “Let me help. Just hang on a tick.”
And Sherlock…Sherlock had dropped to his knees in the middle of London and pressed his forehead to their joined hands and he had wept.
“Yes.” And the simplicity and the certainty with which he says it makes John ache all over like a bruise pressed.
He emerged a few minutes later with something cradled in his arms. It was soft and white and spotted with ginger spots; it’s eyes wet and dark with fear. It was shivering uncontrollably. I shrugged off my coat and slipped my dressing gown off. Putting my coat back on I folded the gray cloth lengthwise and, holding it stretched between my arms, I reached out. John placed the trembling ball into it carefully and, bundling it up within it’s folds, I clutched it close to my chest.
I was sitting in my chair in Baker Street, my feet pulled up, my heels tucked underneath me. I was wrapped in my dressing gown, still dressed in the pyjamas I had been wearing the night before. I was stewing a bit in my own filth; I stank of sweat. My skin was greasy, my hair falling limply across my brow. I am, as John will tell you, a wallower. When I was in one of these states I tended to compound it by giving in and miring myself in misery. I allowed the lethargy and despair to drown me. I whinged and moaned like a child. It was pathetic.
John almost, almost, loses his composure. He stiffens his spine instead, but his voice is gruff with emotion when he says, “I love it.”
“Especially if it involved them embezzling money from your business so that they can run off and start a new life in Barbados?”
“Do you?” The fierce, overwhelming urge to protect Sherlock and that inherent vulnerability he tries so hard to hide, tries so hard to bury in his intellect, rising up in John. He wants to get Mycroft on the phone and yell at him. Would go to his mother’s grave and give her what for.
“It is a box,” he said, stating the obvious. He smelled of the outdoors and the faint scent of gun smoke residue clung about his coat.
Rubbing incessantly at John's perineum and his frenulum at the same time, mirroring the motions so that John is wound up in them.
“Where’d you keep your pans?” he asks, chin resting on his shoulder, looking at you. “I thought I’d make eggs. I’m starving.”
The room reeled, off kilter, and I sank down to lie on the floor, my cheek pressed to the blessedly cool lino.
The next morning he drove beneath a clementine coloured sky and reached the blackberry hives just as the bees began to stir.
“I was already in love with him. I knew that part. But I never, I just never let myself take it to the physical part. I know it sounds daft.”
