“Whereas you’ve probably deduced my entire sexual history, probably within an hour of knowing me, but until yesterday, I assumed you just weren’t interested.”
“Yes, yes, the Viagra. Not important at all. It’s the context, John! Name a man of our mutual acquaintance. Go on, do it.”
The warmth of John’s skin through his trousers, as Sherlock’s hands smoothed up John’s legs. The coolness of his belt buckle, warmed underneath from the heat of his body, and the quiet buzz of his zipper coming undone. Sherlock’s belly rested against the squashy upholstery of John’s chair, as he unwrapped John like a present. He slid the trousers down John’s thighs along with his pants, smoothed his palms up John’s abdomen to push the tails of John’s shirt up and away.
By the time John returned with food and with Rosie, Sherlock was clean and wearing his pyjamas, and his emotions had leveled out, though he was still feeling a bit down. The Indian food helped, as did the cup of chamomile John handed him afterwards.
The Omega trafficking ring will have to be broken up, although I wonder if Sherlock swallowed his pride and just asked Mycroft to take care of it during the private conversation he had as John was leaving?
Mycroft sat across from him, striking a silent but stoic figure on the sumptuous leather seats, and appeared completely entranced by the glow of his massive smartphone.
“Lysander.” He confirmed, prologuing an electric stand-off between the three of them with John in the middle.
“I have a feeling you’re going to tell me,” John said dryly, licking some much needed moisture on his lips.
“So, you’ve found me.” Andrew paused, glaring down at Sherlock. “Bit ahead of schedule. I must say I’m surprised.”
. He shook his head, blinking his eyes and marveling at the boy’s wit and humour in an otherwise dire situation.
Sherlock continued, unaware of John’s ruminations. “Now the missing piece in all of this. Why did Lisa kill Rexfield?”
“Do you know how long I waited for my Terry to come home before I realized something was wrong? Three hours.
Sherlock stepped forward, the manic gleam returning to his eyes. He leant towards John, placing a large hand on the wooden surface of the small table.
The first email was a short background on Andrew: full name Andrew Russell, 33 years old, Glaswegian, no children, presented as an Omega at the age of 22, and bonded the same day to Terry Fanning. He’d worked full-time as an orderly at the Bellefette centre since 2006.
with someone. A real, soul deep compatibility, or matching pheromones, or whatever. My point is, unless you meet that kindred spirit first, an Alpha in rut could get a leg over you and nothing would happen. Jacob and I, we already had that connection, that resonance. So when it happened, it was a bit of a shock to our systems of course but...the love was already there, it just needed to mature a bit. Course, it hasn’t always been easy, but there’s no relationship on Earth that ever is.” Another knowing grin, and John is suddenly quite aware that Mycroft Holmes had definitely chosen this particular chauffeur on purpose, that meddling twat.
“You have to be triggered by the heat or rut of another Alpha or Omega positive individual,” Sherlock scoffed, as if this was some kind of incredibly personal episode of QI.
“Check the bureau,” Sherlock intoned, a limp hand gesturing towards the polished antique set against the wall.
It was starting –what he dreaded the most about this process. Already, things were breaking off and crumbling and giving way to a quiet cacophony of little cracks shooting through the foundation of the life they’d built together –a strong life full of strong people and laughter and maniacy and adrenalin and things that are never said but always, always felt. And they were losing it.
that awfully high-pitched jangling sound was coming from until he realized it was his newly refurbished mobile. He’d have words with whomever had set the new ring tone, strong words.
. Maybe running into Harlan tipped the scale but we would have ended up here eventually.” John had never been a skilled negotiator, nor was he a particularly good actor - which was a boon in this conversation, because he was speaking completely from his heart. Sherlock
“Jesus Christ - who took Sherlock?” John sat up, grimacing against the spinning in his head and swung his legs round, settling them lightly on the frayed carpeting. He had to alert someone - one of those fuzzy faced government watchdogs - only he wasn’t exactly sure how.
“And what about Dr Sylvan? What will happen to him?” It took a moment for John to even think of this question. He found he was horribly distracted and still visualizing the things he would do to that awful cunt Andrew when he found him.
hoped it would never come to this, but Andrew had forced his hand, and John liberated his Sig from the bottom of his luggage with relish.
Lisa didn’t come to the funeral. She either didn’t want to come, or couldn’t get released from hospital in time. John reckoned the latter.
True to his word, Mycroft must have dismissed the team sent to look for Sherlock, as the safehouse was deserted save for a skeleton crew of guards manning the perimeter. Considering the ease in which John has slipped past them to rescue Sherlock, he had no doubt as to why they were not on the British government’s ‘A Team.’
The mobile signal broke a bit, ambient noise and Chesney’s sniffing sounding unusually loud now that John could hear almost everything coming through the microphone. The door to John’s room finally opened, revealing two suited men, tired but alert, and obviously gobsmacked at finding John quite awake and standing absolutely starkers in the middle of his room. He allowed himself a split second of indulgent satisfaction as he looked at their faces. John Watson was not a shy man, now they knew why.
Do you understand now John? Why I am not going to hurt you just to give you something that you ‘think’ you want –SH
“Did you find out any more about Andrew?” He ground his teeth at the thought of that disgusting Omega trying to lay claim to his Alpha. Unacceptable.
, catch the bad guy, save the day, all while John was stuck in some godforsaken safe-house begging for a dick while squirming in a puddle of his own fluids. He laughed bitterly. God, how stupid had he been?
This statement triggered John in just the way Sherlock had been hoping it would. Scolding Sherlock for inappropriate behavior was familiar territory.
, John, not really. Because this is going to work and I won’t have to. But I’m sure you find it comforting to know that in the great unlikelihood I am wrong, there is a back-up plan.”
“You have certain needs, I know this about you. You require food and sleep at regular intervals, you require a little bit of danger, and you require a more human element.”
John’s eyebrows had climbed nearly to his hairline as Sherlock spoke, but he hadn’t interrupted, so Sherlock continued.
“Almost forgot,” said John, easing Sherlock’s pajama bottoms down and off his long legs. Sherlock was now completely naked below him, his skin still glowing in the dim light, his cock hard and already weeping pre-come against his belly. John let in a ragged breath and moved so that Sherlock’s hand could easily reach him. He tucked his cold toes under Sherlock’s thighs.
Even asking this question, John knew he had already given in. To giving his flatmate a hand-job. His brilliant, as far as he’d known before, mostly asexual flatmate. But perhaps that assumption needed re-evaluation. Regardless, Sherlock looked up at him with a calmness that belied a confidence not in himself, but in what he knew John was about to do for him.
“When do you think you will begin seeing women again socially? Is a year too soon? If you’re to remain here, there are things we should discuss,” Sherlock said. He’d said this as confidently as he’d done when he’d imagined this conversation, but he felt himself faltering now under the calm scrutiny of John’s gaze.
“It’s just, I’m going to come right now if you keep doing that for one more bloody second, Sherlock.”
“I’m not giving you a hand-job, Sherlock,” interrupted John. “That is something that is absolutely not going to happen.”
Sherlock was an eager kissing partner, though clearly inexperienced. His lips were soft and warm, and pliant against John’s own. After the first couple of kisses, which were enthusiastic but sloppy (and ended with teeth clacking together), Sherlock had ceded control to John, and John had willingly taken it. Now, John cupped his friend’s face in the palms of his hands and pulled Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own, scraping it gently with his teeth. He kept the tongue action to a minimum, mostly wanting to acquaint Sherlock to the feeling of another body invading his personal space.
John sold the flat where he’d lived with Mary—too many memories, he’d said. Sherlock welcomed him back eagerly (trying to hide just exactly how eager and pleased he really was, and he believed, mostly succeeding at doing so), all the while knowing he wouldn’t have them for long. And then he’d be alone, again.
John and Sherlock begin their arrangement. Things escalate. They're both in over their heads and have no idea.
The sheets rustled as Sherlock abruptly sat up, and John found his head being moved so that Sherlock could see his eyes.
“The truth is that I’m angry, Sherlock. I’m very angry. What I did to you last year in that morgue was unforgivable. I don’t care how much you blamed yourself for Mary’s death, or how I blamed you at the time. What I did to you, you should not have had to bear.”
First, Sherlock cupped his face. He ran his thumbs over John’s cheeks and down to his lips, but he did not kiss him. He lingered on John’s lips for quite some time, until John thought he would go mad with it. The nerves there were tingly with overstimulation, and he wanted Sherlock’s hands elsewhere.
To his surprise, John had managed to make it to the side of his bed without Sherlock realizing. He was now kneeling so that his face was aligned with Sherlock’s, his chin resting on his hands as he gazed wide-eyed at Sherlock. His breath smelled faintly of beer and toothpaste, and he was clearly quite tipsy.
John didn’t know exactly what it was he’d done wrong, but he knew it was something. If he were honest, it could be any number of things. Thinking about Sherlock and this bloody arrangement left him with a knot of anxiety somewhere in the back of his throat. He knew it was guilt.
“Not now, John,” said Sherlock, who was clearly busy standing at the window with his violin, composing in his head. As if John didn’t know this perfectly well.
John kept as much skin contact between them as he could, which meant resting his hands on Sherlock’s lean thighs, caressing the skin with the pads of his thumbs, all while Sherlock’s penetrating gaze began awakening in front of him. Sherlock had always had a sweet tooth, so he was focused on the cocoa at first, but as he slowed down his consumption of the drink, and the sugar and chocolate began to take effect, John knew that the full frightening power of Sherlock’s mind was coming back online. He stared at John with thoughts and ideas in his mind, trying to puzzle out John’s behavior. John wasn’t sure he wanted to know what Sherlock was deducing.
“If you mean how long you have been the most important person in my life, that would be since the pool. Since that importance took on new context? Your wedding. When I realized it went beyond reason? Appledore. If you mean how long have I wanted to express my feelings sexually? Since Eurus. Does that answer your question?”
. He was a field surgeon, a general practitioner, and a bloody Army Captain - he wasn’t a gender specialist or psychiatrist. His schooling on the Omegaverse was forever ago, and he had barely paid attention anyway. That semester at University saw the World Cup, Sophie Chambers, and way too many nights getting pissed at the local. He was lucky he remembered anything, to be completely honest.
“I’m sorry, he must be – my God I can’t even imagine what you’re going through. My Jacob was always there for me, when we were both triggered. Rugby mates you know, thick as thieves until it happened. I don’t know what I’d do should I lose him.”
. I suppose it’s just...look, I’m not in the mood for jokes.” He stared at the young woman, she was conventionally pretty, but nothing compared to his mate.
“No,” she replied with a small, almost unheard, sigh.  “It’s about Lisa Palmer. I’m afraid I have some bad news. The bullet nicked her internal iliac artery, severed one of her fallopian tubes and perforated her bowel. The surgeon was able to repair most of the damage, but there is a high risk of infection. If she makes it through the next 24 hours her chances will improve but the doctors are not hopeful.”
, deep inside. John slipped further downwards, suspended between the primal need for breeding and chemically induced sedation.
Chapter 1: “Then I suggest you bond with him before his first heat sets. Doesn’t matter if he’s in his late thirties, he’ll be top prize for any Alpha within a fifty-mile radius.”
iv) her height is reported by Harlan as 5’8” and John as 5’9”, also did no one notice a bonding bite? When John first met her she had her hair in a bun.
“Good Lord, really? Try not to strain yourself,” Sherlock deadpanned, his voice still husky with sleep.
Still trying to desperately claw his way clear of the benzodiazepine fog, John moved quickly out of his room and down the hallway. He remembered, vaguely, the layout of the house and was gratified to see it was exceedingly simple floor plan after all. In the foyer, a group of young men and women, all in suits, gathered nervously and swung their heads round as John barreled into their space.
John frowned and raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, who in turn, glanced at John like the last scene was the most bizarre form of
John’s face was mashed uncomfortably into the irish tweed of the coat, and he had to hold his arm at an awkward angle, but there was something inherently comforting about feeling the heat of Sherlock’s body against his, vital and charged. He continued for a few seconds, just breathing in his warm scent before sliding his hand down to Sherlock’s nape and exerting gentle pressure once again. He felt the skittering panic under Sherlock’s skin start to lessen, but it was not quite enough, and they were running out of time.
With the spires of the Petham church providing  an impressively gothic backdrop, John crossed over the property line to lean against the rough limestone of the cottage. The daisies were exactly as he remembered them from the drive to the safehouse, and as he crouched closer, he could make-out the corner of a cobblestone garden complete with bird feeders. He was about halfway around the house, circling towards the front, when he stopped with a pained gasp, gripping his shirt over his heart in a poor mimicry of the squeezing pain roiling in his chest. He could
Sherlock reached back around and placed both of his large hands on John’s arse cheeks and squeezed. John couldn’t help it; he moaned. Sherlock only squeezed harder.
“Don’t look at me like that,” said John. “Do you want me to come in your mouth, or do you want me to fuck you? Because I really want to fuck you.”
“I would not have asked any of them to help me with my problem. I would have opted for the penis needle. And even if I had been so desperate, I’m confident their so-called assistance would have been repellent rather than helpful.”
Anyway, John was rather partial to a good cuddle, and he was rather partial to his flatmate, as well. No one could deny that, certainly not the man said flatmate was currently using as furniture.
It took Sherlock almost a week to work up to the next bit. It was crucial he get the wording just right. If John accepted his proposal, he would need to betray nothing but casual enthusiasm and nonchalance, as if offers like his were made every day, and it was nothing to make a big deal of. If, however, John rejected him, Sherlock would need to keep every bit of his no doubt fierce disappointment locked away tight. He would need to act as if the offer were still on the table, but he wasn’t fussed John hadn’t accepted.
While John was contemplating his inability to access Sherlock’s lips, Sherlock once again grabbed John’s hand and put it back on the top of his head, this time holding it there until John did what he wanted, which was to pet him like a sweet little cuddly kitten. But Sherlock was emphatically not a kitten. John resumed running his fingers through Sherlock’s curls anyway, pressing rhythmically on his skull, scratching with his nails.
John’s body had known Sherlock was snuggled up so close. It had responded instinctively to Sherlock’s wrapping himself around John by wrapping him right back. He had moved into Sherlock’s embrace, welcoming Sherlock’s arms and legs, and responding in kind with his own. And judging by his earlier state of contentment, he’d been quite enjoying himself.
John squeezed his hand. “Are you aware that you’ve been submitting to me for months? And getting sexual pleasure out of it?”
About halfway through, Sherlock had flipped him over onto his belly, and spent ages running his long fingers up and down John’s back, placing closed mouth kisses at random intervals. He’d cupped John’s arse cheeks and squeezed, before running a finger down John’s crack to caress John’s hole. When John reacted positively to this, Sherlock had retrieved the lube from his bedside table and set about finding John’s prostate in record time. On the fourth or fifth brush against it, John had to concede: “Yellow,” he grunted out. Sherlock stopped what he was doing instantly. “Yes, John?”
He swore he felt Sherlock’s lips against his skin, and a rasp of sharply drawn breath. Sherlock tightened his fist just so, and then John was indeed coming. It felt like forever, and it felt like seconds.
Sherlock was sitting on the couch when John opened the door to their flat, though today he was something less than calm. Even from ten feet away, John could see that Sherlock’s face and neck were flushed. He was reclined onto the cushions, but he wasn’t relaxed. His body language indicated discomfort rather than pleasure. He was in an open dressing gown, his boxers were slid down his thighs to give just enough room for his erection to have escaped, and the bottom of his white t-shirt was pushed up his belly, as if to clear a zone around the offending organ, which,
John had to stop. He was on the verge of breaking, just thinking about that day, the worst day of his life.
, he thought. He lay there for what seemed like hours, but probably wasn’t very long at all, and tried to recall the incredible high he’d just been on, and not this horrible, bitter feeling that had replaced it. Where was the satisfaction, the comfort, that he’d experienced before?
Deliberately now, but slowly and relaxed, John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He allowed his fingernails to gently scratch his flatmate’s scalp in one direction, and then firmer pressure with just the pads of his fingers on the return journey. His hand cupped the back of Sherlock’s skull, right where it began to curve into his neck, and he allowed his fingers to just do what they wanted. He ended up curling and uncurling them through the warm nest of Sherlock’s hair, over and over. He lost time doing it. It was soothing.
And then he was back, the hand was back in his hair, and he felt slick fingers at his opening. John pushed in two right away, and Sherlock moaned at the pleasure and pain of it. He didn’t take long to get to three, not even a minute, and then a blunt pressure was pushing at him, entering him, and John began thrusting.
He’d also made it a regular habit to visit with Eurus at least a couple of times a month. This, for some reason, always made John fidgety, and his homecomings had taken a more lascivious turn of late, with John frequently removing all of his clothing and pinning him to the nearest available surface, or simply pulling down his trousers and shagging him right there on the rug.
As soon as John entered him, the mood in the room shifted. John’s patience had run out, and something frantic and not a little aggressive had taken its place. His hands moved from their grip on Sherlock’s hips. He leaned forward over Sherlock’s prostrate body, right hand coming down in between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, the other on the bed next to Sherlock’s shoulder, and proceeded to fuck Sherlock into the mattress. Sherlock had never before quite taken the meaning of the phrase, but he understood it now as John’s prick claimed him forcefully. All of the blood in Sherlock’s body seemed to have gone to his erect penis, now uncontrollably leaking all over his pillow, and to his swollen opening. The sensations were almost painful, they were so heightened; he could feel himself tipping over the edge. He could feel every inch of John.
“Friends with benefits?” asked Sherlock, then immediately waved it away, “No, never mind, understandable from context.”
“What feelings?” asked John, confused for a moment. What feelings did Sherlock think he was missing? You didn’t need love to have sex. Or even friendship. Or any relationship at all.
“Oh, I do want that, very much, yeah, but you’re ready now,” said John, looking down at the bulge that was tenting the front of Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms. John’s own cock had plumped back up slightly at just the thought of being fucked by Sherlock, but it was nowhere near hard yet, and wouldn’t be soon enough for either of their liking. Besides, this felt right to him. They would each be vulnerable in their own way.
Sensations of warmth and wetness narrowed his entire focus to that one spot on his body. He gasped a great lungful of air and then let it all out in a protracted, uncontrollable groan of pleasure. He’d never felt such a thing in his life. The surprise of it, the way John seemed to be ignoring entirely the vulgarity, the taboo nature of it, only heightened the feeling of John’s tongue as it stimulated one of the most densely nerved areas in Sherlock’s body. He was overwhelmed by it.
John appeared at that moment, holding a wet flannel in his hand, looking sex-flushed and infuriatingly content. He obviously intended to wipe Sherlock down, as he always did, but Sherlock couldn’t bear another moment of it.
“No,” said Sherlock. “I never have. People are so dull, John. I have usually found being touched extremely unpleasant.”
“I’m sorry, I need to know,” said John. “I know you don’t like to talk about this sort of thing, but . . . I need to know whether—”
“Let’s keep it simple: Green is for go, yellow is for proceed with caution, and red is for a hard stop. Got it?”
“Sherlock,” said John, talking into his hair, “can you sit up all the way and drink something for me?”
John hadn’t realized he’d closed his eyes until he felt Sherlock’s hand on his cheek. John opened his eyes to see Sherlock looking at him with a sort of sad determination that was only amplified by the surreality of the situation. Sherlock and he were in bed together, Sherlock naked and John only in his pants, and Sherlock’s face was mussed with sleep lines, his lips and eyes puffy. And yet he was utterly serious.
Quietly devastated, he stripped down to his skin, wiped himself off, and curled up under his covers, where he would wait it out the best he could.
“When you asked me to start this arrangement, it was like you'd asked me to fulfil my worst nightmares and my best daydreams at the same time. To be with you like that would be to acknowledge that I wanted you; to acknowledge that I wanted you would be tantamount to admitting that I loved you, and could never have you; and that if I
John realized he’d been staring blankly at his phone for several minutes when a second text came through.
John was in the sitting room now. “I don’t care if you’re bloody well trying to think, you great fucking numpty.”
He watched as Sherlock’s breathing moved his chest up and down, his arm still thrown back above his head, the rest of him sunk artfully into the sofa cushions.
John reached over to the plate he’d left on the bedside table and grabbed the buttered toast with jam he’d made earlier, now gone a bit soggy and no longer warm. He wasn’t bothered by this. Sherlock often found himself eating soggy, cold toast because John would leave it for him while he was playing his violin or in his Mind Palace, or gazing into his microscope. As far as John was aware, Sherlock might not even know toast was supposed to be warm and crisp.
, is that I’d watched my best friend, my favorite person in the world, jump to his death right in front of me. That he’d, that
Sherlock’s first instinct, despite his comfort with nudity, was to curl up into a ball and cover himself from John’s gaze. John was already quite aroused, judging by the bulge in his boxer briefs, and he was looking at Sherlock as if he were a particularly delicious meal.
“This way, it’ll be a first for both of us,” he said, guiding Sherlock’s hand to his anus. “One finger first.”
“Okay. If you can, I want you to keep breathing, but take your breaths as slow as you can. Concentrate on filling and emptying your lungs slowly but steadily. Smell the soup, blow on the soup. Can you do that?”
He didn’t lay down at first. A bit unsure (he had no idea what he was doing), he began stroking his fingers through Sherlock’s unkempt curls (a bad sign in itself, that lack of grooming). Sherlock liked having his hair pulled during sex; John thought there was a good chance he would respond well to having it played with in a more gentle way. After a couple minutes of petting Sherlock’s head, he thought he sensed Sherlock becoming slightly more aware, and figured now was as good a time as any. He’d never cuddled with a man before, and Sherlock was tall and a bit gangly, and at the moment completely out of control of his limbs.
With an awful feeling in his gut, John was forced to admit that what he’d done that afternoon was much closer to abuse than it had been to sex. He’d taken advantage of Sherlock’s vulnerability and his desires, and used them to punish Sherlock. That sex hadn’t been about mutual pleasure or release; it had been about John, and John’s anger, and John’s inability to communicate.
Sherlock wasn’t letting him retreat, the bloody git, and John’s heart was pounding from the conflict of it. He didn’t want to tell Sherlock, but part of him just wanted it over and done with, and that part could sense rest and relief might be possible if he did what Sherlock asked.
John pulled back so that he could see Sherlock’s face, which despite the tears, looked much calmer and human-seeming than it had twenty minutes before. This seemed a cleansing cry rather than a distraught one, and John took it as a good sign.
John couldn’t help himself at this point. He practically launched himself onto Sherlock. Before the younger man could so much as blink, John had straddled him and pinned his hands above  his head. His thighs pressed into Sherlock’s lower ribs.
“I told you I’m not a virgin John, I’m perfectly aware of kink. BDSM in full stands for Bondage and Discipline, Dominance and Submission, Sadism and Masochism. I fail to see how any of that applies to us, although I wouldn’t be opposed to some experimentation.”
Bits of him were still twitching in the aftershocks when he felt Sherlock kiss him on the lips, slow and hungry. He couldn’t recall Sherlock coming, but he must have done as his cock was now softening, and streaks of semen decorated John’s abdomen. He opened his eyes with some effort, and Sherlock kissed him again, short and to the point. Then he moved himself off of John onto his front and opened his legs in invitation.
He ceased jostling Sherlock’s back and brought his hand up to Sherlock’s sleepy head, running his hand through his hair.
John assumed he meant subspace. “You were in control that whole time, Sherlock, it wasn’t going to happen. If it were the other way round and I'd been licking your every pore, we’d have to make sure I treated you right.”
A steady trickle of John’s semen was eking its way out of Sherlock’s pink and swollen hole, and this inflamed John just the way it had the night before. This time, he allowed himself to give in to the indulgence of it. If Sherlock had no objections to this kink of his, John wasn’t going to complain.
“Don’t. Move,” said John, right next to his ear, and the pressure eased from Sherlock’s scalp. His knees burned from being shoved along the upholstery.
John had always been an empathetic person, but this was ridiculous. He searched for the teabags, thinking defiant thoughts. Anyone would have gone to pieces with such a blatantly sexual . . . spectacle, right there in front of them. Anyone! And he’d had the spectacle’s penis in his hand. Front row seats. He’d be worried if he
John could only stare at him. What was going on? Sherlock could lie like the best of them, better than almost anyone, but—
“I’m going to touch you now,” said John. The reaction was small, but he didn’t think he was imagining Sherlock tensing up ever-so-slightly in expectation.
What did surprise Sherlock was that after one premature ejaculation in his pants, one hand job, and a frantic middle of the night bout of penetrative intercourse, Sherlock’s libido had awoken after a very long period of dormancy. Sherlock was horny, to use the common parlance. Everything gave him an erection. Or rather,
“I didn’t say you were. What I meant is that you, by your own admittance to me seven days ago as you sat right in that very chair, have been functionally celibate for most of your adult life, and we both know that relationships of any sort have never really been your area.”
John took pity on him, thankfully, as John often did in such situations, though he was clearly uncomfortable. “It’s fine, Sherlock. I’m glad you asked, instead of, well, you know.”
John sighed and closed his eyes. Sherlock didn’t force him to open them, thank Christ, but he did place his large hand firmly on John’s chest, letting him know he was still there, waiting.
John stopped under the doorway. He’d never seen Sherlock this unconscious before. He’d seen him asleep, of course; they were flatmates. But Sherlock, even asleep, wasn’t a restful thing to behold. There was always the sense that he could wake at any moment. Sherlock slept politely, as something he deigned to do only because it was required of him. Sleep was a place Sherlock visited and left as soon as he could, like an uncomfortable dinner with distant relatives and you’re out the door as soon as the pudding is done.
It was supposed to be temporary, John here at Baker Street, though Sherlock was certainly not going to make a fuss. Even a somewhat distant John who spent more time at his surgery than he did with Sherlock was better than no John at all, or worse, a John who wouldn’t see or speak with him. A John who was so angry, he’d—but no, that was done now. It had been six months since he and Rosie had taken up residence in John’s old room. A part of Sherlock hoped that if he never said anything, temporary would become permanent, but at heart he knew their departure was inevitable. If nothing else, Rosie would eventually outgrow her cot.
His eyes were still closed. He wished to god he could see Sherlock’s face, but knew instinctively that his closed eyes were allowing Sherlock a measure of freedom to explore, just as it had done for John earlier on the sofa.
Sherlock hummed, pleased by John’s reaction, then slid the pants down John’s bum until they rested on his upper thighs. John shivered again with anticipation, unsure what Sherlock was going to do next.
John stared at his mad flatmate, whose hands were still steepled. His creamy, perfect skin was luminous in the pale glow shining in from the street lights. The strong outline of his profile made John want to consume him.
He swung his leg up Sherlock’s thigh for leverage, and did as he was told. He fucked Sherlock’s fist for all he was worth. Sherlock’s adjusted his grip to just the right pressure as John moved.
Sherlock wanked him with a single-minded focus he really should have expected. Every touch was a calculated move, every response of John’s carefully observed. His grip was firm when John expected gentle, and gentle when he expected firm. He spent a good portion of time just feeling John’s bits, as if memorizing them. And he was silent. Most of John’s previous partners liked to make noise, even if it was a bit put on. Noises were sexy, in John’s experience. Just hearing them does something to your brain. Dirty talk, moaning, groaning, sighing, sucking, endearments, encouragements . . . he’d pretty much heard it all.
John’s hands had come to rest on the globes of his arse, and he could hear John’s breath coming faster and harsher. One thumb again brushed down his tailbone and across his opening, while the other caressed the smooth, pale skin of his arse cheek.
“No, I am simply pointing out that, as in most areas of our lives, you have no precedent with which to compare me. It’s one of the reasons you find me so intriguing.”
“Somebody’s ready for bed, aren’t you, my darling?” said John to the baby as he bent and scooped her up from the floor. She cuddled into his neck and began blowing spit bubbles. John was entirely unfazed.
As if reading his mind, Sherlock skimmed down John’s ribs until he reached John’s waist. He rucked up John’s t-shirt, and with both hands on the small of John’s back, pulled him close. An unearthly growl rumbled up from Sherlock’s diaphragm, and John thought it was entirely too smug of a growl.
The sedan door closed, and John was left alone in his melancholy, the hollow sound reverberating off the chrome details. Mycroft never really made much sense anyway, but that was a non-sequitur that left John’s head pounding at the temples.
John read line after line, his breath caught in his throat, eyes dry and burning with the painful revelation.
He soon fell back on familiar habits, recalling his time in the army and getting to work. He returned to his bedroom and stripped the stained sheets from the bed, remaking it precisely enough that he would’ve been proud to show it off during his basic training at Pirbright.
John glanced down at Sherlock and made a battlefield decision. Whatever happened he did not think he could bear letting Sherlock out of his sight - it just felt
The room reeked of Omega, of fear and desperation, sex and blood. Sherlock had folded himself into a far corner, huddled against a wall stained with damp, while Andrew sauntered blithely in long arrogant motions across the floor. He looked smug, murderous, and almost like he knew he’d won already. He twirled a blood stained knife in his large hands, flinging fresh droplets of ichor to the ground in mad little swirls of blackness. John renewed his grip on the gun, not even daring to think of whose blood that was.
“And the other bottle?” John was more than wary, wondering if the vial contained something even stronger that sedatives.
Grabbing a handful of newspapers from the recycle bin, John spread them out over the massive dining room table. He then carefully unloaded his SIG and the Beretta, ejecting the magazines and checking there were no bullets chambered. Satisfied both weapons were safe, he field stripped both pistols with ease and, under Sherlock’s appreciative eye, began to clean them with the precision only afforded to those with more than just a passing familiarity in weapons handling. It would have been almost meditative, save for the fact that Sherlock leapt up every minute or two to walk the perimeter of the house, glare out of the windows, and accost Agents he felt were ‘not sufficiently vigilant.’
“Look, I know you’re in a way right now, but Mr Holmes said I could answer any questions you had before you went on inside.” Timothy’s voice was casual, normal, neither seeking nor demanding a response. John was grateful for it.
"Hah. No." He replied, a sickly smile stretching over his gaunt bones as he mindlessly tapped the metal of the wheel. "Lisa loved me, but she was never prepared to do anything for me. I always knew that. But I...she was still mine, even if she didn't want to be. I never felt compelled to 'own' her until we activated the gene, and then it was impossible to just be friends like we used to be. She hated being a possession, but she couldn't fight it either. Because of that, she deviated between selfless love and selfish independence. She died without ever finding a balance between the two."
John couldn’t help but let the Shakespearian fucking scope of their tragedy  settle on his shoulders and and wonder if that was where he and Sherlock were heading. They seemed to be making the same mistakes over and over again - at the pool, at Baskerville, and now.
John had led him away from the tiny kitchenette, every step down the hallway singing with purpose and intent, and though Sherlock looked uncertain and almost remarkably innocent, he knew his heat and suppressants were foremost on his mind.
He returned his attention to the mobile as the second suited man darted from the room. He needed to be free of the effects of the drugs in order to make clear-headed decisions and flumazenil was the only benzodiazepine antagonist available. Mycroft Holmes was nothing if not thorough, and John knew they must have a store of it somewhere close at hand. Over the connection, John could hear nothing but the rustling of fabric and a low agonized groan before Chesney broke the silence.
bit the way John expected. At 5’11’’ and almost 16 stone, he looked more like a professional boxer than anything else - and if that wasn’t enough, the lantern jaw and jug ears put paid to the stereotype of the wilting flower Omega. For a half second, John was almost grateful that strong and physically intimidating Omegas existed, but then he remembered this man had Sherlock and therefore must die, preferably as painfully as possible.
By the time both weapons were cleaned and oiled,  Sherlock looked like he was about to work himself into another denning episode, and several of Mycroft’s employees looked downright mutinous. By John’s count he had checked the doors and windows at least a dozen times, each.
Per the story, there are only approximately 100 registered Alphas / Omegas in London. If we use the extremely conservative ratio seen above wherein we assume that the one hundred Omegaverse individuals are probably over 30 years old, we can assume that there are at least another 60 latents that just are not old enough to have presented yet.
“Well done Sherlock, although you missed everything of importance,” John replied, throwing Sherlock’s own words back in his face. It didn’t seem to have an effect, but somehow that wasn’t surprising.
The effect was instantaneous, he felt the tension drain out of Sherlock like water from a broken cup. John’s mouth flew open in  surprise as Sherlock slowly slumped to the floor. John somehow ended up on the ground, legs akimbo, with Sherlock’s head almost in his lap, his breath punching out of him with a profound sigh of relief.
It was more than relief that washed over John just then. A profound sense of gratitude bolstered his confidence as he waited for the men inside to finish their squabbling so he could find Sherlock and get him the
If this was a super high security deal they would have bodyguards which he is not or minimize people who know where they are going. In that case Mycroft would have just driven them himself. This can serve two functions in the narrative i.e.,
“Ok, just don’t move her. It’ll be alright. Is she conscious?” John could hear the faint sound of footsteps through the thick wood of the door, apparently it hadn’t taken long for his frantic battering to be noticed. John was momentarily appeased, at least Mycroft’s lackeys were attentive.
“Sir?” Agent Waverley’s voice rang out from behind the small gathering. He was in the back, close to the entrance and lowering his own mobile, face grave.“I was just briefed on the situation. We have been called back to the office to assist.”
Promises the author made about what would happen, in summary, in her notes, in the comments, and in the tags, fulfillment of the title, questions left hanging….
“Yes - but who? If an Alpha had accosted her after she presented, then Harlan would have torn them to pieces and he had no prior criminal record.”
When he finally heard the telltale ring of his mobile, he’d scrabbled to answer, heart leaping like a wild thing in his throat.
One of the men, strangely familiar and yet somehow not, spoke lowly to his companion. They appeared to recognize an unstable situation quite quickly, and it was only a few short seconds before the quiet one made haste back down the dim hallway.
“I’m not saying I’m ready for children John, but I can't deny that the thought of impregnating you arouses me.” He punctuated that pronouncement with a lazy thrust against John’s body.
Although, I suppose suffering through rectal tears to score an 8 ball is not really something that engenders fond memories –SH
“We have reps who pose as sellers on the streets. They con the Omegas, then let us know so that we can come and escort them to underground safe-houses where they're given shelter and suppressants until we can get them to register with the NAOD.” - that does not sound like what Harlan said.
So how do we explain this? Why are only 100 of the 853,869 Londoners who carry the Omegaverse gene presenting… We make an educated guess in
“We picked up the abduction on CCTV, but we lost the van shortly thereafter. It appears Andrew was familiar enough with his Alpha’s line of work that he was able to take full advantage of the CCTV dark spots to transfer vehicles. I am sending you an email now with Andrew’s details. If you can think of anything that might help us find Sherlock call me immediately.” Mycroft rang off abruptly, which was nothing new to John, and he was left angrily clutching his mobile once again.
John blamed his lack of patience and increasing discomposure to the heat in the car and the worsening pains low in his belly. He shifted in the seat, crooking a finger in his collar to pull the woolly jumper away from his neck. He felt a bead of sweat slide away from his hairline and lose itself in the ribbed cotton of his vest. John shivered, the sensation calling attention to how overly sensitive he’d become in just the last twenty minutes or so. Across the car, in the low-light, Mycroft looked up and raised a questioning brow.
“Lisa?” He gaped, not caring one whit how he must have looked, staring at some girl in street during broad daylight.
Sherlock stood and positioned himself between John and the door, pacing back and forth, nostrils flaring and chest heaving. His eyes rolled from side to side, putting in mind a spooked horse. It was practically inhuman, and as John lifted himself up, he made extra care to move slowly.
He eyed the two men up quickly, narrowing his gaze but continuing to focus on the frightened young man on the other end of line. “Can you hear me Chesney?”
He never really said goodbye, just thanked her with all the feeling and warmth of an automaton before slumping gracelessly to the floor.
Sherlock, obviously having decided only hearing one side of the conversation was terribly boring,  stepped off their bed, naked as the day he was born. He took that moment to saunter past John and into the hallway.
“This is your first isn’t it? The first is always the hardest, and strongest.” Timothy cut the engine, turned off the headlamps, and leant one elbow over the partition, facing John fully. “If you don’t mind my asking, where’s your Alpha?”
.” John released Sherlock’s lapels, smoothing them with a soft, reverential touch. “I love you Sherlock, do you love me?”
“You have to be primed by a suitable bond-mate. Do you know what that means Sherlock? This is us, this has
"Men came for me. They must have drugged me, because my knife was gone. I never got it back. It's still at the house." She whispered, shaking and hoarse with the effort. "I woke up in a car, and they took me to Lysander's house, but I managed to get out after three weeks. There were other kids waiting there. People like us. They were supposed to be shipped the day after I got out."
” She finally turned to them, silent tears streaking down her face and glinting with a solemn brilliance in the low light of the wall-lamp near the mechanical bed. She was almost as pale as Harlan, but for the angry flush of pain and stoic acceptance.
During the wait, John tortured himself with the unknown: Sherlock’s face, scrunched up and miserable, nose hypersensitive, body buzzing and seeking relief wherever it could - and he finds he doesn’t like that idea…he doesn’t like that idea at all. What if, in John’s absence, Sherlock sought comfort somewhere else? What if he found another Omega? What if he replaced John with another suitable flatmate who would gladly fill his needs without all the sexual crises and melodrama they both seemed so fond of? The thought brought John to an almost panic, and he forcibly willed himself to calm down, even as his heart thumped a rampant tattoo inside his ribcage.
John clenched the mobile hard, knuckles blanching. “Right, right, so you said. Sherlock wasn't hurt was he?”
“No, nothing that would stand up in court anyway. I had Molly run a full hormone scan of the  body though. The results indicated that he was an Alpha, un-bonded and un-registered. Lysander probably recruited him for the same reason he recruited Terry.”
With that, Sherlock’s last thread of control snapped and he pressed forward, an almost subsonic growl radiating from his throat. He pushed John roughly against the wall, turning him around in an overt display of Alpha strength, and buried his nose in the silvery blond hairs at the base of his neck. John could feel Sherlock’s erection, hot and massive, pressed up against the back of his thigh and wasn’t at all surprised to feel his own response tight and confined in his denims.
The combination of that intense wank (oxytocin, his lovely friend), and the familiarity of puttering around the kitchen worked nicely to soothe his agitation, and soon he found himself in a strangely pleasant mood, considering. His hands and face felt all warm, and the flat seemed very bright. He caught sight of Sherlock’s prone form as he passed by the kitchen door, and a wave of affection for the melodramatic git washed over him. It was a nice feeling, all in all, so he didn’t push it away.
“Okay,” said John, his heart beating like a rabbit’s, and a curious warmth spreading outwards from his chest and up through his face and hands. “Big spoon or little spoon?”
The next few minutes were a blur of vague movement, and he only somewhat recalled the feel of something warm and wet sponging him off, of someone rearranging his limbs. The first thing he was truly aware of was John putting his clothes on rather hurriedly and saying, “Hey, got to go pick up Rosie. Indian for dinner?”
Thanks for reading! Your comments did give me the occasional kick to get this story finally finished, even if it did take waaaaaaay longer than I thought it would. From here on out, I'm not posting any fics until they're finished, at least in a first draft form. (I really am truly sorry for those of you waiting for this for any length of time. I'm waiting on a couple of other fics right now in another fandom, and it is agonizing. Especially the one that only has three chapters, each posted six months apart.) I'm working on one novel-length fic right now, so we'll see if I ever finish it.
“John,” rumbled Sherlock. John could feel the words vibrate his lips. “John, your . . . you just . . . didn’t you?“ He groaned as John increased his suction.
Once again, John did nothing. He did not remove Sherlock’s hand from his bum. He did not manhandle Sherlock up from his lap, or remove his hand from Sherlock’s curly head. He did not get up off the sofa and retire to his room, ending this strange, strange day.
“What happened to you last night was called subdrop, and it happens when the submissive person enters subspace and isn’t properly cared for afterwards. That’s why you’re always so out of it after you come; you were in subspace. I noticed it almost right away, but I thought you were just, I don’t know, overwhelmed. Have you? Been dropping?”
Neither one of them said anything for what felt like ages. John didn’t know where Sherlock’s head was at, but he was feeling curiously at peace with the world, cocooned in his brilliant flatmate’s arms.
“Yes,” said Sherlock, in what sounded as much like an exhale as a word. He pulled away from John and turned towards him, his movements still sort of sluggish, but no longer in a way that concerned John. He just looked tired. John manhandled him again so that they were facing each other and Sherlock’s long legs draped over John’s thighs. John handed him the small mug of hot cocoa that was still at least somewhat warm.
“Tell me what you mean. I told you we’re not leaving this bed until you tell me what I want to know, and I want to know this.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, and then rolled over onto his back, his eyes focused on the ceiling. He seemed to be trying to figure out what he wanted to say, or perhaps how to say it.
Just for the hell of it, he took Sherlock’s pulse one last time. It thumped against his skin reassuringly, and John went upstairs to fall into bed. If his last thought before drifting off was of the warmth of Sherlock’s skin under his palm, nobody else would know.
Sherlock always tried to stay in the moment, to enjoy the soft afterglow of mindless comfort while it lasted. John was still on top of him, his lips mouthing curses of disbelief into Sherlock’s shoulder. His suit jacket caught and held the moisture of John’s breath. When John was able to sit up, Sherlock felt the loss of John’s weight, and a hand trailed softly down his spine. He shivered, moaned, wanted to tell John to keep going, but of course the gentle pressure stopped, and John slipped out of him. John’s thumb brushed over his swollen opening, and he realized semen was slowly dripping down his inner thigh. A deep inhale of breath from John told Sherlock he liked what he saw. He slowly, carefully, dipped his thumb into the still open sphincter, and gently massaged his ejaculate into Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock couldn’t help it, he twitched in surprise, but the movement shocked John out of whatever reverie he’d been enjoying, and he quickly withdrew his hand.
“Good,” said Sherlock. “I’m for bed now. Molly promised if I popped in early enough tomorrow she’d let me have a look at the man with the parasitic twin.”
“Yes,” said John, instinctively. He supposed he deserved to have the tables turned on him, but this wouldn’t solve their problems. Far from it.
“Do you want to fuck?” asked John, still in that soft voice. And because he couldn’t resist, he kissed Sherlock on the lips again, softly and gently. When he pulled away again, Sherlock nodded, having trouble finding his voice.
John turned on the TV and tucked in, not bothering to keep quiet or limit his movements or keep the volume down. Halfway through his sandwich, Sherlock finally moved from the position he’d held for—John checked his watch—fifty-six minutes now. John watched Sherlock now instead of the telly, still munching contentedly on his food. Sherlock was obviously out of his temporary coma. He stretched languidly, like a great big cat. Still asleep then, and shuffling to get comfortable. His feet pushed out on the floor, toes unfurling, his arms heavy at his sides, then immediately contracted back, beginning to fall sideways seemingly in slow motion, presumably to lay on the sofa with his back to the telly.
“Good,” said Sherlock, slowly lifting his hips and lowering them back down, a leisurely rolling rhythm that went against all of John’s instincts. He wanted to flip Sherlock over and go at him hard, but this slow fucking forced him back into his skin. He felt every inch of his cock inside Sherlock, as the gentle pace of it teased his orgasm out of him. Soon he was nearly gasping with it. Sherlock brought his body down closer to John’s and grasped John’s hands, which were still above his head. “Come for me, John,” said Sherlock, a low incantation in John’s ear.
John had met the terms of their arrangement to the letter. They had fucked until Sherlock’s brain was inoperable. But he knew how this would proceed. No matter if John stayed for a little while, he would still go, and Sherlock would sink to the equal pits of lowness that he’d flown high from just moments before. A well of bitterness lodged in his gut, and he felt like crying.
John was still more closed off with Sherlock than Sherlock would like, but when he really stopped to think about it, the vague hope that things would go back to the way they’d been before Mary died, before the Fall even, had shriveled on the vine. Sherlock may not have been experienced, but he wasn’t naive. He knew that sex with John wouldn’t be a magical restorative. He’d forfeited John’s blind trust and adoration long ago. If what he had with John now—a solid friendship, a trusted flatmate and sometime partner, and for now at least, someone who gave him spectacular orgasms—he would take it.
John sighed and thought about moving, waking Sherlock and kicking him out of bed. But when he started cataloguing not just Sherlock’s position, but his own, he was forced to reckon with the inescapable fact that while his conscious mind seemed oblivious, his subconscious was very much enjoying this newly affectionate Sherlock.
John was breathing heavily, and his head was pressing hard into his pillow in an effort not to cry out, or spend himself too quickly. His hips twitched in frustration. Even as Sherlock’s hand stroked him, John wanted more.
Sherlock’s breath came in gasps, his chest heaving inside his clothes. John had once again co-opted his nervous system.
John had to stop and collect his words, to let the pain in his throat recede before he could speak. He rested his hand on top of Sherlock’s to let him know he was still there with him, he just needed a moment.
They hadn’t said anything about it or made it part of the rules, but kissing appeared to be off limits in their arrangement. Too intimate, a different sort of interaction, Sherlock surmised. He was fine with it.
In Chapter 14, the 30 minutes figure is repeated. John visits with Harlan, runs into Lisa outside the Prison, and takes a 30 minute cab ride home.
“I will call you back.” Mycroft’s uncharacteristic lack of politeness when terminating the call was a testament to how worried he really was about his brother. Just then, a vicious abdominal cramp had John almost falling to his knees on the hard, tiled floor. He became suddenly aware that he was still in heat and after all that had happened he somehow still had an erection, and wasn’t that just the icing on the
John smiled at that, knowing he could always count on Sherlock to be snarky, no matter what the situation.
He passed door after door, each brimming with darkness, until he came across a hallway somewhere off from the kitchen and close to the garage. It was narrow, lined with wood panelling that had seen better days. John slowed, heart pulsing painfully in his chest. With his Sig out in front of him, knees soft, he placed one foot slowly in front of the other.
It was a tense walk back to the safe house, with Sherlock jumping at shadows and stalking ahead of John, swerving back and forth across the pavement at increasingly odd angles. Despite his habitually rigid self-control, a sense of normality was proving difficult for him to regain. It broke John’s heart, just a little bit, to see him so lost. But one backwards sniff, and one loaded sideways glint from the Alpha Sherlock had become made John rethink his sympathetic feelings for the man. For all that he looked wild and inconsolable, he knew Sherlock didn’t want his pity.
“Correct. So what happens when a young girl who presented as an Omega as the result of an violent assault finally runs into the perpetrator?”
As John stared into the abyss, wondering if he would ever see Sherlock again, he finally accepted the harsh reality of it all. He knew if he lost Sherlock, he would do no better than Harlan. At best he would sit in the prison of his memories and wait for death to find him, and at worst he would seek it out like an old friend.
“Wait, what?” John spluttered, moving across the small kitchen to take a seat once more at the table. With that opening statement, he figured it’d be wise to be sitting down for this.
“Jesus Christ that’s lovely, and despite the fact that spending that amount of money on an armchair is ridiculous - I want even more than that. I want to bond with you.”
“And what if I don't want to? Have you ever wondered why ten percent of people have the Omegaverse gene but only a few ever present?”
“Lisa should be done in a second. She’s bitching somebody out at this moment in time. You know how it is when you own your own business.” What business? How can you run a business when you a pretending to be dead?
John fell heavily to the ground, his cock jerking up hard against his belly and another burst of slick sliding down his glistening thighs. His blood was singing,
She didn’t turn when they entered, and when she spoke, her eyes never strayed from her mate’s bony, wasted face.
With that, Chesney’s voice finally cracked, and all John could hear were harsh sobs and the distant sound of approaching sirens. Somewhere in the din, he heard Chesney whispering to himself, or maybe to Lisa, that everything was going to be okay, that he was there and it would be fine, and
through his veins against the overwhelming rush of adrenalin, and he clenched his gut against a sudden wave of nausea. Two deep breaths though, and his nerves eased. This was Sherlock after all, and he wasn’t afraid...the queasiness was from pure excitement, pure
There is something screwy going on but I have not been able to figure it out. In no particular order here are the inconsistencies. I have no idea which parts are actual clues…
Leaving the mystery man where he lay, John straightened from his crouch and peered around the corner towards the front of the cottage. No one had followed the man out, and there were no more angry conversations, or any kind of conversations at all, since then. At least not that he could hear, and John, being English to the core, figured it would only be polite to ring the doorbell before he rushed headlong into the fray.
, they were done with all of this. They couldn’t help Harlan or Lisa now, only time would tell what the end to their story would be. Sherlock and John had their own path now, one that would be traveled together. It was time for confirmation, time to settle their doubts, and time to put to rest all the could be’s and what if’s. John could see the question in Sherlock’s alluring eyes, he saw Sherlock’s breathing kick up a notch as he glanced down at his hand on his arm.
The thought distracted him, knocking him sideways, and he felt his fever ratchet up at least another degree. He glanced outside the window to find darkened houses, a stone church, whispering trees, and bright little flower beds ensconced in shadow. Jesus, where were they? Why was this taking so long? He would need another change of clothes soon, his vest was positively soaked now and his bottom felt decidedly uncomfortable, and tingly…strangely tingly. It took a mountain of willpower to type out his next response.
Lisa shrugged, the shoulders bunching up on her oversized coat. “Nah, got things to do you know? Tell him I said hello...and, well, thank you, to the both of you.”
John couldn’t believe it. Though he had his own issues with Lisa knowingly endangering her own mate and seemingly not caring one whit that he was imprisoned, he was hard pressed to believe that somehow
Sherlock shuffled through the doorway and into the darkened room, looking down at John’s impromptu nest, his face a mixture of tension and obvious bewilderment. It was only a few seconds before he cleared his throat, the movement drawing John’s eyes to the soft, dewy skin below his jawline and at the back of his neck.
“I...don’t know. I suppose not. Omegaverse is, well, we were all taught in school, even medical school, that it was an evolutionary throwback. Just some...alternate species slowly making their way to extinction.” John ran the pad of his thumb across the vee of his trousers and realized he was painfully hard. He needed out, ne needed relief, and he needed it sooner rather than later. He could deal with the genetics lessons later.
He searched for the megestrol acetate and was gratified to find it remained nestled in the soft cotton pocket he’d left it in. He grasped the cool cylinder with one hand and placed it on the table next to his bed, then he prayed, desperately, that he could find the rest of his belongings he’d packed.
But is that what is really happening? Think of carving a statue out of marble, you take a chisel and a hammer to it and big chunks fall off, but you are actually just releasing the essence of it i.e., the statue of David was always there, it was just hidden in a block of marble
They sat there for countless minutes, alone and desperate for each other, John placing a hand behind Sherlock’s neck and squeezing, just the right amount of pressure to calm the other man.
John inhaled and peeled off the ruined pants with a wet squelch, tossing them aside. Finally, he stood front of his friend, boldly naked save for his army tags and scars. His cock felt as hard as it had ever been, and lubricant made its way down his thighs in an oily thick slide. He was exposed in every way possible, but unashamed and unafraid.
Pole shift hypotheses are not the same as geomagnetic reversal,* the periodic reversal of the Earth's magnetic field (effectively switching the north and south magnetic poles).
,” Sherlock’s voice was only barely above a whisper, but conveyed a depth of feeling previously unvoiced. “John, I thought, I could
“Understood,”the female agent was of average height, even with heels, and her long dark hair waved attractively about her face. She turned to address Waverly before he made his way out of the door.  “We’ve reset the perimeter, let me know if anything changes.”
They regarded each other over the tabletop for a long moment, two men, Alpha and Omega, and suddenly John’s throat was thick with the weight of the inevitable momentum of the last month.
At the same time, John pressed both hands to his temples and breathed in huge, gulping lungfuls of air. He focused on his body, revelling in the way the breathing helped to ground him, and realizing his mind suddenly felt...free. That is, he no longer felt drugged, there was no more urgent sexual need, and even the strange tingling in his backside had abated. He was just John again, his mind had surfaced from the haze and he rejoiced in the fact that he could think clearly once more.
Today, though, John wasn’t giving in. Not unless Sherlock was lying on their kitchen floor, dying. Anything else could wait. Burnt hands, stubbed toes, hot wax strips applied to arms that Sherlock was afraid to rip off himself (all in the name of science!) . . . none of it.
fallen for the medical emergency text ploy once, the very first time. He’d only been living with Sherlock for about a month. He’d rushed home in a panic, his heart bounding in his chest, his thoughts racing with possible ways Sherlock might have injured himself (and no doubt it was self-inflicted; they weren’t on a case, and the man was brilliant, but in his hyperfocused state, things Sherlock deemed irrelevant went neglected and unobserved). Had he sliced off a finger? Worse, a limb? Had he set fire to the kitchen? Well, he’d done that before; John had seen it. Maybe he was badly burned.
“Sherlock,” said John, “We at least need a safeword, a way for me to opt out if I don’t want to do this anymore, and ‘no’ won’t work.”
“I went to see Ella a lot, after you died, to try to deal with the grief, and the anger. She didn’t help much; I didn’t want her to help. I’m afraid I wasn’t very good company for that first year. People were sympathetic at first, but after a while I could tell they didn’t understand: why I was still grieving, why I couldn’t get over the death of my flatmate, even if we were close friends who worked together. Even if you had killed yourself right in front of me. Besides, you were a liar, weren’t you? A fraud? I should just move on, get on with my life. You weren’t worth it, they were telling me. You weren’t important enough to justify my behavior.”
“I wanted to be close to you. I wanted to experience sex, but not just to experience it, but to experience it with
He pulled Sherlock’s pants back up his hips, and his vest back down. For good measure, he also pulled the sides of Sherlock’s dressing gown closed so that it was encasing him in warm, soft material. When he was done with that, he reached up to check Sherlock’s pulse. His fingers found a steadily beating, normal heart, fast sinking into the slower rhythms of sleep.
Sherlock had spent the last six months soaking up as much of John as he could, filing the good bits (and most of the other bits as well) away in the room he kept for John in his Mind Palace: John in the mornings before his tea, all sleep-rumpled and grumpy. John when he was several drinks in, cheerful and overly affectionate. John when he was yelling at Sherlock for something or other. John when he was with Rosie, loving and solid, kissing her on the cheek and making her giggle. He’d even started building a small room for Rosie herself, who recognized both his face and voice now, and had started babbling at him in her indecipherable baby language. Sherlock badly wished he could understand her, and was seriously contemplating learning sign language, as he’d read a fascinating article that claimed babies could communicate before they learned to form words. He thought it would be a grand experiment. (He hadn’t anticipated the fascination of having a brand new mind to study and observe when Rosie was first born. He couldn’t underestimate it now.)
Sherlock sighed, this time a little pompously, though John was finding it hard to be annoyed at him while John himself was so thoroughly naked, and Sherlock so warm and close.
(Haven't actually finished writing a fic in literally over a decade, so I'm proud of myself regardless. Perhaps I shall write more.)
“Do it,” said John, and Sherlock rolled them over so that John was on his back. He slid so that his thighs were cradling John’s bum, and John’s legs automatically moved to wrap around his waist. Sherlock fucked into him with intention, leveraging John up until he hit just the right spot . . .
“As far as I can tell, you’re not having an adverse reaction to the medication. That’s very good. Dizziness can sometimes be a side effect, but I’m rather inclined to think that right now it’s being caused by panic. You’re panicking, Sherlock, hyperventilating. You know that, right?”
“But what about . . .” Sherlock trailed off, unable to complete the sentence. John opened his eyes, which made it worse. The corners of his mouth tilted slightly upwards. He knew Sherlock was uncomfortable with this avenue of conversation, and he wasn’t going to rescue him this time. He was going to watch Sherlock squirm.
Still, it was…food for thought, at least. Their situations were so similar that even John couldn’t deny it. So, was it all possible then?
John took some time to consider this, and it was almost like taking either bottle would truly make this all real. It brought this situation into painful clarity, and he’d never go back to the man he was. But, he knew that already, didn’t he? Everything that had happened, everything he and Sherlock had done since that fateful day, intimate or otherwise, it was always going to end like this, with them forever changed, separated.
“Then shut up Sherlock. Shut up and kiss me again, turn me round, mount me, bite me, bond with me...forget everything we’ve been through in the last few weeks, and know that I want all of this just as much as you do.” John’s warmed palms slid around Sherlock’s chest, lowering incrementally until they skimmed against the full rise of his buttocks. Finally, he gave them each a good, hard,
There were people talking to him, of course, blurry faces and far-off voices, but the only thing John could properly focus on was Sherlock. Where was Sherlock? He needed…oh Jesus he needed something, because he was aching and
did Andrew get Sherlock? Did you see where he took him? Was there a van? I need more details if we have any hope of getting him back.”
“What would you say if we took a little time to practice? I need to test the difference between your lubrication before heat and during heat. I hypothesize that your heat induced secretions contain more glucose and even variances of prostatic acid phosphatase that act as - “
“Are you quite well?” Mycroft’s voice was somehow loud in the closed space, though John realized he was speaking at the same level he always did, softly but with great self-importance. Mycroft managed to layer that simple question with enough meaning that John felt both guilty and annoyed at the same time, though he was not entirely sure why.
Mycroft layered one hand over the other, leaning towards John. “Well, in the purely scientific sense, it describes a shift in the geographic poles of the Earth, those on the axis of rotation. It was first posited by Brasseur de Bourbourg in reference to ancient Mesoamerican cataclysmic myths, and then, much more recently by an engineer in 1948. They speculate that these shifts, if they exist, take millennia to complete. However there are some doomsday theories that suggest these polar changes, should they happen rapidly, could tear the entire Earth apart. Then again, it could only be a theory, and the Earth might stay exactly the same.”
He rubbed a distracted hand over his lower abdomen and muses darkly to himself. If he had never met Sherlock, never limped across that threshold into that lab, the only one who would have ever known he was born an Omega would’ve been the pathologist doing his post-mortem after he ate his gun in that beige bedsit. Those grim thoughts haunted his clouded brain as he was assisted to his room, the drugs taking full effect, making him sluggish, desperate, and weak.
They wrestled for a brief moment, the silence in the room punctuated by their grunts of pain and Sherlock’s ragged breathing. John gripped Andrew’s knife hand, clenching his teeth with the effort, all the while struggling to avoid blow after blow from the incredibly strong man above him. John had lost his grip on the gun in the fray, and it lay abandoned on the floor next to both men, momentarily forgotten in the hand-to-hand grappling. It wasn’t long before John was overcome by Andrew’s larger mass, and the man put his boxing skills to use, heaping terrific amounts of abuse to John face.
Sherlock smiled, just a bit. “Not for a second. When we got involved he all but guaranteed we’d help her go after Lysander by implying that the traffickers would be coming after you next. He knew that as a newly presented Alpha I would never be able to let that go.”
He heard a clatter as footsteps approach, and when they stopped at the threshold, they shuffled back and forth a few times, indecisive.
John cleared his throat, clenching his left hand, at war with his own destroyed sense of normalcy. He floundered, wanting to break the tension and the dreadful silence, but unwilling to be the first to succumb.
As if on cue, the vehicle rolled to a smooth stop and Mycroft raised a hand to tap on the glass partition. The driver allowed the barrier to roll down completely before he angled his head towards Mycroft.
It seemed, to John at least, there was more than just luck involved in this strange turn of events. It was almost serendipitous, the way this all had happened
With a primal growl, Sherlock surged forward, clamping his jaws down on the base of John’s neck hard enough to command his complete and full attention. A shock of electric pleasure raced up John’s spine, so intense that for a second he feared he would black out. The sharp jut of Sherlock’s canines was brutal, just a few more pounds per square inch of pressure and the newly matured Omega exocrine gland would rupture, cementing a permanent bond between them.
“It’s alright love, we are going to be all right.” John fumbled for his mobile with one hand, continuing to run his fingers through Sherlock’s tangled curls with the other. After a few false starts he finally managed to send Mycroft a text.
H- How?” John demanded, frantically searching the room for the clothes he’d been wearing when he came to this godawful house. It already seemed a lifetime ago, and while he wasn’t one for traditional social conventions, he had to draw the line at overt nakedness in crisis situations. After a few visual sweeps, more than he would have needed had he not been drugged, he found a lidless hamper stuck in a tiny closet to his right. He peered inside and sighed in marked relief when he found his stiff trousers and wrinkled jumper - and then realized he absolutely could not go back into London wearing what he had before. In fact, he might burn the trousers.
John huffed and barely managed not to roll his eyes - trust the one man John could never get to shut the hell up to suddenly pull a Marcel Marceau.
A pause, then an almost silent rush of air. “Not really. Late last night Harlan fell into a coma. They don’t expect he’ll recover. They moved him from Pentonville to the hospital this morning.”
“Touch and go, I think, last I heard anyway.” John used Sherlock’s momentary lapse in movement to catch up with the man and his damnably long legs. “She’s had some haemorrhaging and internal damage. I don’t think we’ll know anything definite until tomorrow, at least.”
Down the hallway, past his open door, he heard strong voices, commands, and knew Mycroft’s men were assembling. Another wave of panic slammed through him and John snatched at the mobile.
We are both so pleased at the reaction to this fic being adopted. Honestly, we weren't even sure if this would be considered polite or plagiarizing someone else's material. Please keep in mind that we would never pass of the original work as our own, we have the utmost respect for the original author.
” John bellowed, tears prickling at the corners of his eyes. It wasn’t long until the other agent returned from the kitchen, young and impossibly wide-eyed, offering John a clean syringe and another alcohol wipe. John made quick work of the next injection, popping off the tip of the vial and administering 1ml of government issued hormones into his deltoid. He knew it was bad practice to push the injection through his shirt, but needs must. Besides, he really, really, couldn’t be arsed to worry about the risk of infection at a time like this. It was hard to care about anything when he knew Sherlock was out there in the hands of a vengeful madman. He may be the world’s only consulting detective, but sometimes, he could be
“Are they sup-suppressants?” He wouldn’t put it past Mycroft to somehow find a way to secure government quality suppressants without having John register in the database. That would probably be the only way he’d ever dare accept mystery drugs from Mycroft Holmes.
The bell-tone was a sad little thing, an odd rendition of Ding Dong Bell that managed to be more disturbing than anything else. John gripped his gun in both hands and moved to the side of the door, listening intently.
He slowly tapped out a text with one finger, making sure it was free of mistakes and poor punctuation. Sherlock hated that, and John tried never to give him any additional ammunition for ridicule.
just to make it go away. Then, every time the faceless people would return and manhandle him onto his back and force more pills down his throat – at this point, sometimes John made it easy, and sometimes he made it very difficult indeed.
Three little dots popped up in the mobile window, indicating Sherlock had read the text and was typing a response. It gave him little comfort. John furtively glanced at Mycroft, who was still engrossed in his ploy for world domination via mobile, then at the driver, who was managing to navigate London’s roundabouts just fine despite his self-proclaimed vision problems.
“Which is sort of weird, because kissing doesn’t actually exist in the Alpha-Omega realm.” He explained. “Kissing is not instinctual. It’s…purely human.”
“I’m asking, ehm...should you feel so inclined.” Oh Christ, inclined? He was making  this sound like a business deal. “What I mean to say is, if you want we could…”He sighed and then just dove right in. “Do you want children, umm...with me?”
You assume that because I didn't regularly pursue sexual gratification, I am asexual? Really John, as a doctor I would expect more from you – SH
The solution came to him almost fully formed, and it was so obvious he could have kicked himself. To solve a primal problem he needed a primal solution.
“The Mister and I used to watch Planet Earth on the BBC with the little ones, years ago you know, and we learnt it’s not unusual in nature for certain hatchlings, like ducks for example, to imprint on what is immediately available. It could be a mother duck, a pair of wellingtons, or a well used Tesco bag. ” Timothy grinned at that, like it was some personal joke, provoking memories better kept to himself.
wanted after all. Then, if Sherlock decided he wanted to remain only friends after all, they could have that conversation - after John had a fighting chance of assuaging his doubts and stating his case.
Lysander, assuming that's a false name, is remaining frustratingly elusive to any inquiry. The homeless don't know him by 'Lysander', and I haven't managed to find any leads to an actual identity. I've contacted the usual Soviet sites, but nothing has proven fruitful."
John asked himself what he really wanted, he let himself linger on that thought while Sherlock regarded him from across the table, eyes soft, tiny beads of sweat visible on his forehead. To his utter surprise, the answer was finally clear, for once. He took a deep breath and reached his hand across the wood grain, taking Sherlock gently by the arm.
. Sometimes they offered him water, sometimes food, sometimes they held his head and massaged his throat as he gasped and choked down even more sweet, saccharine pills.
“I dunno. Sherlock called in some sort of favour from the British Government to find him. Lysander Evan’s real name is Dr Sean E. Sylvan, an American bloke that worked at the Bellefette centre. Lisa knew the bastard for five years and never suspected a thing. Who the
Sherlock batted his hand away, the moment of vulnerability and terror evaporating, erased as if it had never been there. Sherlock caught John’s arms in a vice-like grip and fierce but low growl rattled in the back of his throat.
It was worse when he awoke with clarity, because then he could remember, when the sensuous throbbing in his backside pounded with a fervor and ferocity that had him again on his hands and needs, viciously arching his back and begging,
“Sadly no,” the hands offering the medications never wavered, “the current studies of suppressants on those newly changed are suspect at best, and neither myself nor my brother would like to see you…damaged. The pills are merely sedatives, benzodiazepines if you must know. They will not regulate or curb your heat, but they will calm you and make the heat more bearable. I’m afraid this is the only way I can help you, for now.”
Sherlock. His stomach heaved with another painful spasm and John noted the time on his mobile. The megestrol injection was about thirty minutes ago, and the flumazenil about forty-five. His erection had wilted visibly, and that was certainly for the best, just the thought of touching himself when Sherlock was in danger felt wrong on a base, primal level.
Considering that I asked you to fellate me, even with your limited intellect I am sure you can figure it out – SH
“One last thing Doctor Watson. If you are going to call my brother tomorrow, please refrain from doing so between the hours of 5:30 and 6:30pm. The bell ringers are scheduled to practice at the Petham church and there are a limited number of diatonic 6 bells in England that ring a tenor 9-0-8 in G.”
“Now, imagine if Lisa had committed the murder? Even if she was given a reduced sentence by claiming self-defence, which is unlikely as Rexfield was beaten to a bloody pulp, do you really think Harlan would be capable of watching her rot in jail?”
He threw the filthy sheets in the wash, put the room to rights, and by the time he was finished, he’d found a fragile sense of peace in his surroundings. John took a quick walk around the inside of the house, nodding at the agents, and checked each door and window, knowing the house was well-guarded but still needing to find a way to keep himself busy. This passed the time, but not nearly enough time.
“You alright there mate?” Timothy peered over the glass partition, eyebrows raised in concern as he parked the car next to a nondescript house on the corner of a dimly lit street. He was a rather friendly looking man, with a wide mouth and kind eyes. With John’s sense of smell increased, he could tell Timothy was an Omega, and then he wondered if that was on purpose or not. With the Holmes brothers, you never knew.
Sherlock’s pupils exploded, obliterating everything but a thin sliver of iris. He took a long shuddering breath before he answered. John felt him sway in his arms, and a burst of fervent affection swirled through his chest.
The words reverberated, weighty in the small room, shooting a bolt of fire up John’s spine. He knew if he could persevere, maybe he would find relief - maybe he would finally feel satisfied.  All he could do was choke out a few strangled words.
Sherlock was feeling exactly the same thing. The two of them, and the pounding of their bond, against the world,
was worth it.” Her breath became uneven, tears flowing freely, droplets falling unheeded down onto Harlan’s limp, bloodless hand. “I just want him to know that…I - I did love him, I did. And...he will always be,” her voice hitched, “my friend. The only one, I think, on this Earth who’d sacrifice himself for the likes of someone like me.”
John roared, tags rattling against his chest as Sherlock exploded hot and wet inside him. It was only a brief moment later that his own cock began to spasm, pulse after pulse of come spraying violently across the floor beneath them.
John woke up to golden spring sunlight streaming through the drapes, a million particles of dust dancing leisurely through the thin shaft of light. After one too many mornings waking up on the floor with sore backs, and several other sore bits of their bodies, they’d finally given up and donated Sherlock’s bed to OxFam. Now they had a new and finely crafted Shiki that was only two inches thick. With the addition of some decadent silk pillows it made a comfortable nest that did not offend Sherlock’s surprisingly fussy decorating sense. The hardest part had been agreeing on where to put it.
He composed the message and cringed ever so slightly, nervous for no real reason he could think of, and pressed send.
Sherlock looked to John, face neutral, but John knew his bonded well enough to see the storm of emotions that roiled in the infinite depths of his eyes. It was sadness and pain, and while neither knew what to say, both were loathe to be the first to speak.
, he thought, with unbridled satisfaction. Let him meet with Lisa and Chesney, let him carry on as if nothing had happened, as if John wasn’t forced to leave to protect his friend and the most important relationship in his life. It was
“Okay, from what you described, it sounds like a gut wound, yeah? On the left side and below the navel? Luckily for her there isn’t much in that area but bowel, too low for the spleen and lungs, too low for the kidneys. Still, a perforated bowel is a serious concern, and there’s really no way of telling how far the bullet traveled inside of her, or what else has been damaged.  Is she still breathing?” John could hear the whispers of a hushed conversation just outside the door, then the sound of lock after lock clicking, greased tumblers moving easily in their casings. He backed away to let them through.
When the story starts they are terrified that they are changing, losing parts of themselves, that they are not the same people they once were.  The author uses imagery of pieces of them crumbling off
John took a deep breath, trying to regain his tattered composure.  The effects of the flumazenil were only taking full force now, and he only hoped he didn’t re-sedate too obviously after it wore off. Antagonists never did last as long as the medicines they counteracted.
John made a noncommittal noise and began pacing the room, waiting for the inevitable. Agent Waverly left with little fanfare, and in any other circumstance John would be smarting from the indignity of the situation. Yet, all he could think of was Sherlock.
Was he being catalogued? If so, he didn’t mind. Sherlock’s lips were soft and pillowy, and his breath tickled John’s skin. The alternating of his teeth and tongue was perfectly timed. John had known Sherlock had a talented mouth from the handful of times John had let Sherlock suck him, but this was a full-scale, no holds barred, frontal assault. John’s body was Sherlock’s for the afternoon to do with what he wished, and it seemed what Sherlock wished was to taste every inch of John that he could.
It was a struggle to keep his eyes open, not to make an obscene noise, to be as still as possible and record this moment forever for his Mind Palace.
With not a little trepidation, John cleared his throat. “Hey, what we do next depends on your answer here, yeah? So be honest, because I’m not leaving this bed again.”
Note in a note: I've pretty much been working on this fic all weekend, and I think I need a break. It's eating my brain. Hopefully I'll have chapter four up by mid-week. Sooner if it won't leave me alone. I promise there will be a happy ending, and John will get his shit together.
“I think I was trying to find out who murdered the octopus’s grandmother, and he was becoming belligerent; Said I was doing it all wrong and questioning my methods.” He yawned. “I didn’t know octopuses could be scientists. It’s becoming a bit fuzzy, though, and I can’t really remember.”
are really important to me, and you’re not okay. You weren’t okay last night or this morning, and I think it’s my fault.” John tried to swallow the painful lump that had appeared in his throat. His hands squeezed Sherlock’s thighs affectionately.
“Refractory period?” Sherlock managed, as John moved his greedy lips back to Sherlock’s neck. It suddenly seemed imperative he lay claim to it. Even before he’d acknowledged his physical attraction to Sherlock consciously, that neck had driven him mad. Either it was bare and temptingly elegant or it was wrapped in a scarf or highlighted by Sherlock’s raised coat collar. John was seized with the desire to cover every square inch of it with his lips, no matter how long that took.
And all the while he had to act infuriatingly normal, as if he wasn’t waiting at all times to hear John say, “Why yes, Sherlock, I do think we should have a shag. Your bed or mine?”
“Yep,” said Sherlock, popping the ‘p’. He had begun removing John’s one remaining item of clothing. Down came the pants, and John was naked before an extremely enthusiastic Sherlock. John took a deep breath. What now?
Sherlock couldn’t hide the hurt that crossed his face. “Of course I’m serious, John. Why would I joke about such a thing?”
John’s hand cupped his penis. The warmth and friction and John of it all caused his penis to harden. John’s hand moved, grasping Sherlock’s penis firmly; the up and down motion made Sherlock’s breath hitch. Everything was beginning to pulse.
He ended up saying it anyway, then headed to the loo to clean himself up in as dignified a way as he could manage.
Each thrust was punctuated with an expletive, until John lost his words. His balls tightened, and a tight coil of impending release began to swirl down from his abdomen.
And John, John seemed to be thriving under their arrangement. Sherlock had noted a distinct uptick in his mood since they began giving each other orgasms. His masturbation and pornography habits had decreased markedly, as had their water bill. The sex itself was often rough, and never tender, but Sherlock found he rather liked it when John took control. They didn’t go out on cases together as often as they used to, but Sherlock knew John had Rosie now, and his pride wouldn’t allow for Sherlock to foot the bills when caring for his daughter. The job at the surgery was a necessary evil.
“You asked me for this arrangement because you wanted it to be mutually beneficial. You wanted to explore a side of yourself you hadn’t before, and I didn’t let you. I took over, every time, and I ignored all the warning signs, because of my own . . . well, because of things that aren’t your fault, that I let get in the way.”
“Can I touch you, John?” asked Sherlock, his voice a low rumble in John’s ear. John knew he wasn’t asking about a little platonic petting. He thought briefly of the possibilities, of what Sherlock might do if he said no, or if he said yes. He thought about what he wanted. It was easier to make the decision than he thought it would be, here in the quiet space of night they’d carved out for themselves.
Normally when they watched telly together, John sat a respectable distance away, but now John was sitting rather close.
John would never have guessed if you gave him all the time in the world that Sherlock would not only submit to being the little spoon, asking for it, even, but submit so often and enthusiastically as he had to John over the past several months. It was beginning to feel like a miracle, now that John was actually thinking about it, to have found that Sherlock liked being held, the feeling of being small in someone else’s embrace.
After one particularly bad episode, which had followed a surprise bout of mutual fellatio (John had tackled him on the sofa after his shift at the surgery, yanked all of his clothes off, and manhandled him into it), Sherlock had even begun to think that for him, perhaps sex and drug addiction might not be that indistinguishable after all. For Sherlock, both experiences had the hallmark of being largely made up of misery, cravings, and not a little despair, punctuated by brief bursts of intense pleasure and chemically induced happiness.
Methodically, John combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair bit by bit until he’d handled every inch. Down to the nape of his neck, up to his crown, around the delicate skin of his ears, smoothing his fingers around his hairline, John indulged himself. Every now and then he'd pick out a curl and twist it around his index finger. He did this for ages. And because apparently tonight was the night all kinds of boundaries were being crossed, when he desired to touch Sherlock further, he just did it. His fingers skimmed down to Sherlock’s face where they proceeded to trace the contours of Sherlock’s eyebrows, his closed eyelids and the space above his nose that John always forgot the medical term for. His thumb smoothed over Sherlock’s cheekbones, marveling at how smooth Sherlock’s skin was, like a warm alabaster statue come to life. John’s hand tickled its way down to Sherlock’s jaw, down the nape of his neck again (so warm), then back up to his tragus (that little triangle of cartilage in front of his ear).
“I thought . . . I assumed the point was to,” he paused to moan when John gave a particularly fierce suck. He was going to be marked by the end of this for certain. “ . . . to make sure I am no longer a virgin?”
But he couldn’t leave Sherlock. He forced himself to breathe slowly, and concentrate instead on providing comfort to his friend. The skin on Sherlock’s back was warm and soft. John could feel the slight ridges of the scars he still hadn’t asked about, despite seeing them multiple times now as he fucked Sherlock from behind in this very bed. He moved his hand lower, smoothing it over the creamy skin at the top of Sherlock’s arse, but he soon moved it back. He thought he’d have a hard time keeping his thoughts to comfort rather than sex if he got too much nearer Sherlock’s luscious arse. (His cock thickened hopefully, just a bit.)
Serve him right if he gets crumbs in his hair, he thought, and leaned back into the sofa. Might as well get comfy.
Despite his worry, he was surprised at how nice this felt, holding Sherlock. He was very aware of the places their chests were touching. He could feel the small bumps of Sherlock’s nipples rubbing faintly against his stomach as Sherlock breathed. Sherlock smelled like soap and sweat. The hairs on his legs prickled gently against the finer hairs on Sherlock’s legs. John hadn’t really registered until then that Sherlock was fully naked. He must have fallen into the bed after his shower, too apathetic to even put on his pyjama pants or a pair of briefs. After living with him for years, John knew a frightening amount of strange and intimate details about Sherlock, including that he preferred to sleep naked when it was warm, and that during the winter (when he deigned to sleep at all) he preferred the opposite, to be bundled up under layers of cloth and blankets. It was November; he should be well bundled up. Now, John could feel Sherlock’s soft prick nestled against the top of his thigh, and the intimacy of this shot a lance of instinctual fear through him. His face was hot and his first thought was to pull away, to leave.
