“Mrs Hudson,” he says placatingly, hoping it comes out more comforting than condescending. He only has a penchant for the latter, after all.
Sherlock lifts it out almost reverently, smoothing it down on the arm of his chair and squinting at the messy words.
She shoots him a knowing look and covers his hand with her leathery one. “Sentiment, dear. Happens to the best of us. Seems John left you with even more than his worldly possessions.”
Had he traced the edges of the punctured wallpaper with a mind that traced Sherlock’s time in his life? Had he fondly recounted the exasperation and burst of panic he’d undoubtedly felt that night? Or had his mind just been a recently-wiped slate, unable to function without one half of its gear?
First of all, his cell service had been shitty—apparently MI6 had enough resources to create weapons of mass destruction, but not enough to get him a phone with data roaming. He’s already at his hotel when the message arrives, and doesn’t even get to enjoy a moment sitting in quiet contemplation on the couch when he’s up and moving again.
, he thinks hollowly, pulling it out to examine it as if it means anything anymore. Even if he knows it does. Now it’s much more than what brought an end to the mystery of the book cypher. Now its shiny cover mocks him beneath dim, dust-settled lights, and his fingers curl around it tighter. He doesn’t know what he wants to do with it, but reading isn’t even worth considering.
Still, he leans into it as it cuts an ethereal triangle into his palm, until his head drops and the thoughts of what lies beyond the starlight John has escaped to wash out of him. That is even more untouchable than the sun.
But there was no note. Mycroft said…
It is the only thing that can find him anymore, it seems—and what a pity, as it does not possess sunlight’s comforting touch.
he thinks automatically. Then remembers that addiction runs in the Watson family and promptly wishes he hadn’t.
He lifts the box again and studies it critically, examining balance, the contents, how it connects to John’s psyche, nods once, and unceremoniously tips it upside down. Its contents crash onto the floor, and if its owner were here, Sherlock would probably be hearing an indignant “Oi!” and a lecture. Instead, he sifts through the items with his foot. As expected, the heaviest things are the compresses, even dry. The kit itself, however, still weighs heavily in his hand when he tests it.
This is the second time he’s stood on this roof, the second time his coat has tasted the bite of the cool air. There’s some minute differences, though. The early morning air is zesty and sharp instead of afternoon-clogged, and, of course, there is nobody panting into a phone held to his ear. Moriarty’s body isn’t cooling behind him. Nobody is threatening him but himself.
Moriarty would have liked it.
The tightness in his chest is either part of the sentiment he gained alongside John’s possessions or a heart attack, and at this point he thinks he much prefers the latter. His hands feel along the walls of the kit until the false bottom is lifting and he tosses it aside, nearly shoving his face in.
Sadness shouldn’t be so poetic. It’s just a numb, flat pain that constricts his breathing and turns his lungs into a rattling ECMO. But it’s also what drives him to finally visit John’s room, untouched since its owner’s loss.
Mycroft visits twice a week, out of sentiment he claims not to possess. Sherlock used to be like that, but with sentiment clawing at him day by day and trying to pour itself down his throat, it’s not like he can. Most days Sherlock bores a hole into the wall with his gaze and Mycroft bores a hole into Sherlock boring a hole into the wall with his gaze, and their droll little game goes on until he gets up to leave. Mrs Hudson does her customary fussing, Lestrade seems to repeat John’s eulogy every time he visits, and after a week their kitchen finds a nice little job as a meth lab again.
Distantly, he thinks about how said room was constructed—brick by brick, painstakingly built by Moriarty’s careful plans. He thought he’d been navigating streets, but it was just a one-way to a dead end.
Inside the barrel rests a wisp of paper, and he draws it out carefully. It’s too small to contain much except whatever writing John managed to squeeze in within its confines, but then again, he was never one to write winding literary masterpieces. More like forcing himself through high school-level classics for a good hour before giving up in favor of a newspaper.
Its gentle warmth is unable to reach him through the squat buildings littering the neighborhood. He sits seeking glimpses of its path down until the moonlight sneaks in to stroke his hand instead.
His fingers brush feather-light over the binding of a book. The
Molly shakes her head at him, and he wonders whether it’s affirming or yet another mistake he has made. She doesn’t say, but he thinks he knows which.
He should have just thrown it away. Now the air is permeated with the stench of decay, but even when it nearly chokes him he realizes that he, too, is unable to toss it out.
that he doesn’t really give a damn.
It’s a bit heavier than it should be, and he frowns, grunting more out of a need to grunt than strain. Inside are standard items—aspirin, bandages, gloves, antibiotic ointment—yet it weighs more than it reasonably should.
“Mrs Hudson,” he repeats, but she straightens and moves closer.
When the door shuts quietly behind him, the covers are tucked in over nothing and the clock sits on the drawer, patiently waiting for repair that will never come.
“And now he’s gone.” He tries to maintain eye contact but breaks it off as his flicker too quickly. A burst blood vessel, swollen pink edges, the way she squeezes them shut. She’ll be putting in eye drops soon. He doesn’t want to know, but his brain is a machine without an off switch and it will run until he’s nothing but a battery long since dead. It feels like he just might reach that soon. “Sherlock, you’re all that’s left. All I have left.” Besides Margaret, because they have tea together every Thursday and he’s sure it’s lovely. But he knows there’s a time and a place, and there was a person who taught him that too. She ploughs on, oblivious to his thoughts. “Don’t leave. No matter what.”
John did not have to wait for long. Throwing his head back onto the shelf once again, Sherlock contorted under John’s hands, whimpering and gasping under the sudden wave of sensation, hot dampness running down John’s fingers that teased another shudder out of him. ‘I love you,’ Sherlock breathed as he came down, chest heaving, just able to pick his head up. ‘I love you.’ He nuzzled into John’s hair and smiled, cradling John’s face with shaking hands, kissing the tip of his ear and his temple. ‘Let’s lie down,’ he said, his voice low. ‘Lie down and I’ll take care of you, you teach me, I-’
‘I know full well it’s ten to two and unless you’d like me to wake your landlady--’
John nodded, his eyes closed tightly as he bit down on the knuckle of his left index finger, his other hand stroking feverishly at Sherlock's hair and neck and collarbone. 'More,' he gasped, arching up into Sherlock's touch.
‘There’s never any bloody time,’ Sherlock said when John broke away, his voice quiet and sad.
A draught whistled through a crack in the window frame above the sink as John washed his hands again. He picked up the tube of acriflavine cream off the table and squeezed the thick, bright yellow, strong-smelling substance out onto his fingertip. ‘This will sting,’ he said, spreading a thin layer over and around the cut on Sherlock’s cheek.
John blinked and unfolded the letter, scanning the two lines of Sherlock’s quick, untidy handwriting, ink spots scattered across the paper.
‘Leave it, guv,’ Nettle murmured, resting his hand on John’s shoulder. ‘It’s alright.’
‘No, the picture of maturity,’ Mycroft hissed into Sherlock’s ear as he made his way to the bottom of the stairs, the thunderous footfalls of the twins signalling their arrival.
,’ he said, rubbing Sherlock’s skin, kneading out the knots of tension in his upper back.
John reached for his tea with his left hand, the cup shaking violently as he sipped from it. ‘Social call,’ he said with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes.
'Verity, stop prying!' another female voice hissed, out of sight somewhere in the poky little office. Verity flushed and looked down at her desk, tucking an auburn curl behind her ear. Sherlock's eyes were drawn to the freckles on the bridge of her nose, just visible underneath the wide brim of her uniform’s hat.
John blinked.
John bent to whisper to Sherlock, keeping his lips a distance from Sherlock’s red-stained ear. ‘Well,
‘...I see.’ Mycroft sniffed and dabbed at his brow with a handkerchief. ‘You will join us for dinner, won’t you?’ There was an odd look in Mycroft’s eyes.
‘Enlighten me,’ John said, his whole body seeming to relax. ‘I thought for certain someone would be attempting to blackmail you.’ He turned the postcard over again. ‘This is meant to mean something to you?’
‘No,’ John agreed, imagining Mycroft’s response if John or anybody else were ever to ask him about it. He hid his smirk.
‘Please,’ Freddie mouthed, eyes wild, face red as he fought for breath.
The sounds of the bar filled the sudden silence between them. People talked and laughed too loudly, glasses clinked, lighters snapped, and somewhere amongst the din, a piano played a slow and gentle melody.
‘Are we just going to ignore the fact you can walk without limping and your hand’s not shaking?’ he demanded after a couple of minutes of silence, as though it had been a great effort for him to hold back for that length of time.
‘This is all very surreal,’ Sherlock murmured, watching the dancing, the children running, the drinking and singing that was going on around them. He pinched a slice of pork pie from the table. ‘And the lyrics to this song don’t make any sense.’
‘He was going to be a doctor,’ Sherlock said through his tears, barely audible. ‘John was going to be a doctor.’
‘Can I help?’ John said.
Perhaps, though, perhaps it was the all-consuming heat of the day that was sending his blood up as he pictured Sherlock, plump lips parted and flushed, head thrown back, long limbs spread, cock hard and thick and leaking. Perhaps it had something to do with the heat.
‘I can see it’s you,’ John said softly, pulling his thick toweling robe off the end of the bed and wrapping it around himself, burrowing into its warmth. He smiled, sitting down on the windowsill. ‘What are you doing here?’
Sherlock gasped, taking in a deep, shuddering breath and nodded, feeling as though he was floating, his mind blissfully blank. John landed several quick, light smacks to the bottom of his arse and continued down the backs and insides of his thighs, then higher up on his arse and back down again, one after another after another, over and over, light and teasing, and oh, it made his skin
‘I didn’t say you could get up,’ Sherlock said, smiling and pinning John by his wrists.
‘You have no right to so much as imagine what he would think or say,’ Sherlock snarled, his face growing red. ‘No right.’
‘Colin, Nancy, come here,’ Harry said, bending down and unbuttoning their threadbare coats. ‘Go and hang your coats on the peg there and sit yourselves down. Don’t get in Uncle John’s way.’
Sherlock followed John to the kitchen, moving awkwardly. He was in a loose shirt and braces, buttons undone nearly to his chest, sleeves rolled up to his elbow. His brown trousers were worn and the battered pair of boots on his feet were a world away from the usual perfectly-polished shoes Sherlock wore. A few dark bruises were scattered across his skin, looking worse than they probably were underneath the harsh kitchen light.
‘I’m just... thinking,’ Sherlock amended, playing with the lighter that rested on his stomach. His beatnik jumper was doing little to protect him from the sea breeze and he shifted closer to John.
‘Oh, for God’s sake, let me in,’ Sherlock hissed, lifting his head to look up at John. The light from the streetlamp threw his features into shadow, his hat concealing much of his face as it was.
‘Sherlock?’ John called, taking off his hat and jacket as he shut the front door behind him. ‘Sherlock!’
‘Care for some compa--good
‘I’ve made my peace with that,’ John said, kissing Sherlock’s neck. He did relent, however, pulling his thumb out and pushing inwards quickly, knocking the breath out of Sherlock’s lungs in a surprised gasp. Sherlock’s fingers slipped on the headboard and he only just caught his balance as John began to establish a quick pace, the springs of the mattress squeaking their protest, the rickety wooden bedframe creaking and moving a fraction of an inch with each thrust that John made.
Mycroft paused and sipped his tea. It had long since gone cold.
‘I would very much like to make amends--’
The scent of lilacs still hung thick on the night air.
‘And he believed you?’
‘F-five,’ he sobbed, and he could feel his climax building, could feel that he was about to come, if only John kept up what he was doing and seven more, seven wasn’t a--
‘Come along, John.’
John laughed. 'You're insufferable. Come on, we need to be in Surrey by half past eleven, it's already nearly nine and you're driving, so it's highly likely we're going to be late as it is.'
“Mm hm.  A
Icon: (Default)
The ‘does not compute’ stare was out in full force, but this time John was ready for it.  He used the moments to think about how really lovely Sherlock’s eyes were.
I’m going to quote him here:  “Because you’re getting shirty, John.”
Surprised, John pushed up on his arms to better see Sherlock’s face.  “You really would want to do that?  To, um, play?  I thought we were just flirting.”
“Just out of curiosity,” asked Sherlock, “what was the ultimate punishment you mentioned earlier?”
Mike chuckled.  “You’ve no idea!”
“Why?”  Sherlock stalked back into the lounge and then whirled to face John. “Are you bad in bed?”
“Why not?”
“John.”
Even more surprising than the bounty of banana bunches is that Sherlock actually did the shopping.  That calls for a celebratory cuppa.
prepared, though, to hear “Daddy” from the monitor in a normally-baritone voice taken up an octave.
like the blog.  Not that he’d ever put this on the blog, or tell anyone other than Rosie, who wouldn't even remember it.  But it felt important to put this out there, into the air, more real than just leaving it to plod around inside his head.
Mood: none or Other
Sherlock adjusted the cuffs on his shirt.  “It seems I may have incorrectly pre-judged the entertainment value of flamboyant idiots with tigers and guns.”
John wrote Sherlock a poem once.  It went like this:
.  “How--”
“Instead of ‘boyfriends’?”  John didn’t give a tinker’s damn what they called the relationship, as long as they
She crawled into his lap and put her thumb in her mouth.  “Let’s exchange that for a dummy; here you go.  How about a book?”
“Until
Sherlock squinted.  “You haven’t had access to the surgery’s computers in almost a fortnight, and we both know you haven’t used your laptop for that; yes, yes, I’m terrible.”
“Obviously the Head Keeper.  The one who kept everything on track while Joe Exotic was off on his antics, grandstanding; the one who actually cared about the tigers’ wellbeing, which translates to your continued caring --”
“Almost loses her house; it’s saved in the end, I think.  And anyway, that’s not how it went in the dream.  No lawsuits; Carole-Moriarty was much more action-oriented than that.  Like he was in real life but with more tigers and thankfully fewer deaths.”
“Mm.”  Sherlock had turned sideways and his legs were now dangling over the side of his chair.
“Mm.”  Sherlock rolled onto his back and stretched, putting even more of his body on display.  “Because I’m a brat.”
Sherlock had not sent
were you thinking, going by yourself, not including me?” John shouted.  “We’re
Finished eating, John poured himself some more tea to buy a moment or two before he made the point he’d been building to. “I was so happy to see you.  We all were, of course, but in particular this morning after I woke up, it made me remember when I, um, didn't keep up with you after Sherlock, er, went away.”
“So,” John said, “Tiger King was a Netflix documentary about a very strange man who ran a zoo with just tigers.  Plus a few other big cats, but mainly tigers. And in my dream, Sherlock was that man, dealing with the tigers and driving people mad and trying to outwit an archenemy.”
Smiling, John mentally laid down the last option like the final card played in a million-pound poker game. Although it was Sherlock’s choice, not his, this option was the one that he really wanted.
.  “Oh, I’d meant to get rid of this one.  There’ll be no jumping on fathers in this house.” He tossed the book aside.
“Hold on,” John interrupted, and didn’t let himself be distracted by the very literal response of Sherlock’s hands tightening.  He explained very carefully, very firmly, very clearly that everything was
Pausing her knife and fork for a moment, Mrs. H cocked her head.  “‘He,’ did you say?  Or was it ‘she’?  In the dream.”
I mean, metaphorical chocolate cake.
Mike leaned in a hair and smiled at Sherlock again.  “While that’s possible, the much more likely explanation for John being uncomfortable in women’s attire and acting like a man would be that he’s a man, wouldn’t it?”
Does it count as paying your rent on time if you give them the cheque when due but ask them not to cash it for three to five business days?
, and the image of that animal kid with glasses drunkenly hitting on a sex worker is one I do not want in my brain, ta very much.)
Some minutes (seconds? eons?) later, John summoned the fortitude to open his eyes and thus abandon the prospect of any more sleep.  Which he didn’t need -- truly rested, remember? -- but still was reluctant to forego.  Onward.
“The time indicated on the watch face was 3:14,” the sleek man answered seriously.
“There isn’t enough time for me to review the topic thoroughly with you, but you may be able to follow one fairly simple technique for surreptitious surveillance, which is--”
John laughed.  “The bloke with cool prosthetic legs, yeah.  In the dream, you had a set of legs with wheels on the end instead of feet, and Sherlock would get cross every time you’d pass him while chasing a suspect.”
Sherlock leaned forward.  “Did you conduct a poll?”
With that handled…
John and Mike looked at each other.  “Not to us,” Mike said gently.  “What was the, um, evidence that led you to the deduction?”
parent feels that way.  Multiple times, so get ready, Papa Sherlock.”
John is getting divorced.
Tags: tplojw
John fumed throughout scrounging up enough cash for the cab, all during the cab ride, and as he made his way past coppers and forensics and who the hell knows what toward where Sherlock was sitting in the back of an ambulance.  He calmed enough to listen to a report from the nearest paramedic, which told him Sherlock would have pretty spectacular bruising but was otherwise ok.  He confirmed there’d been no head injury, and then turned to Sherlock.
, all I know about your gender is that you don’t object to being referred to with ‘he’ pronouns.”
Tags: tplojw
Rosie scooted closer to him and lay her head on his knee, looking up at him with the sweetest smile.  He didn’t deserve her, not really, but he was striving to do so.
Sherlock had gone out and had John named a joint owner of all his financial accounts.
With his lips turned down into a sulk, Sherlock murmured, “You went to Afghanistan.”
John could swear that Sherlock was actually batting his eyelashes at him.
“How-- Never mind.”  Rolling off Sherlock, John settled on his back and stared at the ceiling.  “I don’t know if I can.  With you.  The ordering around bit is fine, and the rewarding part would be amazing, but spanking--”
Immediately, Sherlock straightened in his chair.  “Unacceptable.”
John’s lip twitched up at Lestrade’s underplaying of the moment, but here was the real point he wanted to make.  “In one way, it was typical, because you were defending Sherlock.  Standing up for him.  I appreciate it, you know.  He does too, whether he says it or not.”
“She’s not virginal, John; she’s not pure.  You won’t corrupt her by telling her what you need.”
“A system.  In anger.” Sherlock’s voice had the ‘eureka’ tone in it, and John craned his neck trying to see Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock adjusted his position in his chair.  “Ah yes.  I can certainly see how that parallels your experience, and let me again --”
As John stood up to try again to locate his pants, Sherlock grabbed his arm and tugged him back to the bed.  “Wait.  There’s something else we should talk about.”
“And boric acid,” His Nibs is insisting, as if that’s SOMETHING I COULD PUT IN MY TEA.
Who SHOULD GET THE HELL OFF MY LAPTOP THIS MEANS YOU SHERLOCK
“Sure, sure,” she replied, holding the watch close to him.
Sherlock had assayed that John was welcome to any one-night stands he could pull; John had assayed that Sherlock could shut his fat mouth, that John would take care of it.
They washed the breakfast dishes together, and as they did, a few snuffles came through the baby monitor.  John knew it would soon be time to go upstairs and take care of his daughter.  He wasn’t
“John,” Sherlock sighed.  “You were under extreme stress.  It won’t happen again.”
There was a longer kiss after that which severely tempted John to drag Sherlock back into the bed and reprise the previous night’s activities.
“We’re both 1) lying in the same bed, 2) naked, 3) with enormous grins on our faces, and 4) crusty bits where the clean-up after said shag wasn’t quite as fastidious as you normally are.”
Show this entry to: Private (Just You)
“Whole?”
John cocked his head.  “I thought you were married to your work.”
Before anything else, Sherlock insists the record be set straight.  (“Do you really think I have to read your personal journal to know what you write in there?  Really?”)  The documentary last night was about
“Ah ah,” John corrected, crawling up the bed over Sherlock’s luscious body.  “Brats need discipline, not punishment.”
,” replied John.  “And anyway, you definitely did something in the dream, because as Sherlock and I were running around like chickens with their heads cut off trying to find you, you rescued yourself.”
Mood: none or Other
John and Sherlock both groaned the groan of the interrupted lover and began gathering the clothes scattered around the room.  John put his on; Sherlock dumped his onto the bed and grabbed a dressing gown to wear instead.
John went from content to gleeful in a blink of the eye (which had been done to ensure he was actually seeing Sherlock Holmes
Actually, them, not it.  “It” would imply he only gave the problem to John, instead of the problem and the solution.
“Option one is
He picked up his three-quarters-gone pint in his left hand and his cane in his right and moved away from the table briskly.  Right.  The bet was on.  All John had to do was convince a woman in this bar to kiss him, on the lips, and bring back “proof,” whatever that meant, to his sister and her friends.  Right.
“Reasonable?  Sherlock?”
relaxed that his lips were sagging down towards the pillow his head rested on, and a rivulet of saliva linked the corner of his mouth to that pillow.
They repeated the sound /həʊl/ back and forth several times in varying pitches and intonations until John realized that while he was saying the word “whole,” Sherlock was hearing it without the “w.”
“Well, continue being the great partner you’ve been lately, and you won’t have to worry about it.”
A shudder six months gone but never quite forgotten rolled through the deepest recesses of John.
Eyes closed, smiling, exactly where he belonged, John was ready to share his other desires.  “Later I want an ear tag and nose ring too.”
4 - Only marginally less boring than a three.  When John insists I take one of these cases, the client is charged one-and-a-half.
“And you call me a romantic.”  John pulled Sherlock toward him for a good-morning kiss and cuddle.  They had maybe a half-hour before--
Thinking of his blog, John looked over to his laptop and smiled.  “Lucky for you, huh?”
“I couldn’t help noticing how gorgeous your watch was.”
“That too.  When I tease Sherlock about it, he says ‘At least
“Very.”  Sherlock’s voice held a deep note of sincerity that John wondered about.  “Now, let’s have it.  The tale of the brilliant and amazing Tiger Master.”
He thought for a moment about turning around, walking back down the stairs, and heading to his local for a whiskey or two (or one hundred and twenty-seven), but then Sherlock came into the lounge and rousted the youths out.  Each left with a quiet thank-you sent Sherlock’s way and a clear bag with several naked bananas in it.
Mike’s continued scepticism was highly annoying, so John turned toward Sherlock.  “Would you just show him?  Please.”
John adjusted his laptop a bit to put his face center-screen.  “Dream, right.  It was about that Tiger King show, except it was all of us instead of them.”  John and Lestrade had had a couple of conversations about Tiger King already, with Lestrade refusing to share an opinion on Carole Baskin’s guilt or innocence (‘Won’t comment on another copper’s work without all the evidence’).
“Yeah.  Funny, innit?  He’s helping out a lot more over text -- even when Hopkins asked for help on a bleeding
entrusting you with Rosie’s care, and you’ve been brilliant at it.  You’re horrible at taking care of your own basic needs, but you keep
, where drunk Dudley Moore shouts, “You’re a prostitute?  I just thought I was doing great with you.”  It was in fact
“Well, yes.”
“Well, there are more options, so listen to them all before you choose.”
He didn’t mean to be confrontational, but his curiosity was too much.  “Why can’t you go over and look?”
“You’re not dull-witted; don’t pretend to be.  My name is Sherlock; my title will be Ella.  Just as your name is John and your title is Daddy.”
?” he demanded of the stranger.  “In the lesbian bar last month?”
, John.”
“There,” he said, nodding as if a matter was settled, and moved toward the kitchen.
As he opened his mouth to start, Molly continued with an abrupt question.  “Why aren’t
Sighing, Sherlock stood up and walked over, stopping a few feet from John and Mike.  He tilted a hip, shifted a shoulder, and did something John couldn’t quite distinguish with his face, and
Molly paused for a moment.  “I was going to say, ‘Not so lovely,’ but… We didn’t do anything odd afterward, like display the carcass or spread entrails around?”
Sherlock gave the closest thing he could to a hug in the positions they were both in; John kissed Sherlock’s head.  More than once.
, the way a friend would care, a best friend, just a best friend who was never anything but.
“It’s like criminals aren’t even trying to be clever,” John murmured, and pulled Sherlock in for an extended cuddle.
might actually be the best word, practicality rather than grace.  “Sherlock didn’t say this was a
Mood: none or Other
And now, it was— Now Sherlock was— Sherlock was sounding solicitous, like he
“Yes.”
“You don't have evidence one way or the other.  You need evidence.  So do I, in fact.”
“Who said anything about flatmates?”
“Said what?”
“Then why—”
“Oh.”  Sherlock stood abruptly.  He threw, “That last option, yes,” over his shoulder as he walked toward the kitchen.
“Enough--?”  John was starting to steam. “Listen,” he said, and pointed a finger directly at Sherlock’s heart, “you do not want me to walk you through all the experience I have.”
“Really? I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth’s too small now.”
-- but won’t come to crime scenes now unless it’s ‘eleven on a ten-point scale, Grisham.’” Lestrade’s nose was in the air; his right hand was flipping dismissively.  “‘Nothing less is worth the two weeks’ isolation at
The crashing sound of the water as Sherlock re-emerged drew John’s attention back to the fountain, where Sherlock’s feet stumbled on the hot stone of the fountain’s edge as he fell forwards, over-estimating the amount of force he’d needed to propel himself from the water. He was still coltish and graceless, still not used to the long, thin limbs he’d developed. His hair clung to his pale neck, his forehead, water dripping onto his shoulders and down his wiry arms, droplets jumping off his fingertips onto the ground below.
‘Sherlock--’
‘Nice little life you two’ve carved out for yourselves here,’ she said, looking around the room.
‘He’s sitting in the window,’ came Mycroft’s reply, through gritted teeth if Sherlock was right.
‘I thought I’d never see you again.’ John brought his cigarette to his mouth and took a huge breath in, holding the smoke in his lungs before releasing it with a shuddering breath. ‘I was so sure I’d never see you again.’ He tightened his fingers where they rested on the bar.
‘Guv,’ Nettle muttered, shoving John’s shoulder and pointing upwards.
‘Nerve damage, not that it’s any of your business,’ John snapped, clenching his fist tightly, hiding it under the table. He gave Sherlock a hard, meaningful look, ordering that he play along with the lie.
John pressed a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head. ‘Who was he?’ He asked. ‘Really?’
‘What’s going on?’ he asked as he lifted Jackson down from his shoulders, looking first at Sherlock and then the policemen. One slipped back inside.
Everyone spoke at once and there was a flurry of movement as John was led out to the police car, waiting on the path.
you are,’ Mrs Holmes exclaimed from where she stood pouring drinks on the patio, smiling at them both. She hurried through the French doors and kissed Sherlock and John on the cheek, her curled and neatly-pinned hair coming a bit loose when she embraced them. ‘Where on earth have you been?’
, but apparently he did when John’s fingers - slick with Sherlock’s own spit - brushed down over his cock and back and
‘A friend of yours, Sir?’
!’ Mrs Hudson exclaimed when the two of them re-appeared outside, having washed, re-dressed and combed their hair.  ‘How on earth did you manage to sneak past me? You naughty thing, come here, come here.’ She stood and stretched to kiss him wetly on the cheek, wrapping her arms around his middle. Sherlock smiled indulgently, eyes widening when he smelt the alcohol on her breath.
‘Well, it’s been nice seeing where you’ve spent the past few years--’
‘Sudden advancement in Science?’
John took the tin and sat down on the winding stone steps at the side of the house once they reached them. The scent of the climbing passion flowers hung heavy in the air. Sherlock sat next to John and turned the flask over in his hands.
John woke to a series of intermittent taps at his bedroom window. Frowning, he rolled onto his side and squinted at the numbers on his alarm clock. It read ten to two in the morning. Being on early shifts for the week, he’d been asleep for some time, ready to go into work for six.
At that moment, Mrs Holmes and Lola walked into the room, both dressed for dinner. Lola was wearing a blue dress and had somehow managed to sneak some coral lipstick and pearl earrings past Mrs Holmes’s keen eye. Gilchrist bounded over to them whilst Mycroft did introductions and kissed both Mrs Holmes and Lola’s hands.
... ‘Come on,’ John groaned, tightening his fist. ‘Come on, let me see you, I want... I...’
‘You’re looking well,’ Harry said a couple of hours later, running her fingers through Nancy’s hair, after she’d fallen asleep on the settee with her head in Harry’s lap.
Sherlock took the cigarette and inhaled, holding it between his lips as he rolled his trouser leg up. ‘Bite’s only just healed,’ he said quietly, gesturing to the patches of skin that were slightly reddened, in the shape of the bite pattern of a small dog.
Mrs Hudson had sent word to both John and Sherlock the week before to inform them she’d be returning to London the coming Wednesday. Both men had been pleased at the news - Sherlock because he knew Mrs Hudson wouldn’t stand for John not taking care of himself and John because he imagined there might actually be something for him to do now that Mrs Hudson was back - repair work on the house, perhaps, and there would at least be some company in the evenings should he want it.
‘I have a number of theories,’ Sherlock said, standing and hanging on to the overhead bar in their carriage, talking over John’s head to his own reflection in the carriage window as the train lurched on to East London.
‘I understand,’ John said, his voice tight with some unexpressed emotion. ‘Yes, I understand exactly.’ He covered the space between them in three long strides and pushed Sherlock against one of the bookcases, sealing their lips together with a murmured sigh. His thigh slipped in between Sherlock’s legs and Sherlock’s hand fluttered against the worn spines of Dickens and Hardy before he brought it up, trembling, to rest on John’s chest.
‘I knew you couldn’t be anyone else,’ Sherlock replied, draining his glass of the cocktail it contained.
He was. John did.
‘We have to move,’ John muttered, mostly to himself as his legs began to work at long last and he darted forwards, grabbing the woman by the shoulder of her dress and hauling her towards the field.
In a couple of years, when all of this was over, he and John would carve out a nice little life for themselves on Baker Street. A quiet, private life; theirs and theirs alone. Sherlock would do something that interested him and John would be able to qualify as a doctor, do shifts at the hospital. Yes. A good life. A quiet life.
‘Freddie?’ The boy nodded as the cigarette was lit. ‘Pretty name.’
‘Very well then.’ John fiddled with the cuff of his sleeve, which was rolled up by his elbow.
‘Why not?’
‘It’s very nice here,’ John said, peering at the window displays of the chemist’s and the post office and the hardware shop, all packed tightly together, people in smart daywear going in and out of the shops around them. ‘Nothing like London.’
‘Mr. ‘Olmes, you’re late!’ A voice cried from the back door, followed by a flabbergasted ‘Mary!’
‘What is it that brings you to Bletchley, Dr. Watson?’ Moriarty asked, bringing his cup to his lips, keeping his eyes trained on John.
difficult, Mycroft,’ Sherlock snapped, widening his stance as he faced his brother, his eyes narrowed, fists clenched.
Sherlock tapped the ash off his cigarette and waved his hand dismissively. ‘I don’t remember doing that.’
‘Don’t be stupid,’ John said, pulling his sister into a tight hug, cupping the back of her head protectively. ‘I’m here, don’t you worry.’
Sherlock heard a deep voice murmuring in the nursery. He heard his cousin Lola’s giggled reply. He closed his eyes, sighed, wrapped himself in his dressing gown and stalked back to his room, John’s hands and his smile and his warm, easy laugh still there at the forefront of his mind.
‘Jackson!’ John called, his voice carrying across the lawns. He swept the torch in a semicircle from left to right as he made his way towards the woods. ‘Pierrot!’
‘No,’ John sighs, glancing back up at where the Christmas lights twinkle in the village. ‘No, not really.’
‘Something ought to be done about this,’ Molly said, her eyes sad as she watched the children. ‘It’s not right, it really isn’t, ten years and the government still haven’t done anything.’
‘No-one important,’ Sherlock murmured, managing a smile.
‘Watson, that was it,’ Moriarty whispered to himself. ‘How’s his leg?’
was put on the record player, Sherlock and John, and everybody else, were considerably drunker than they had been earlier in the night. The children, for the most part, were asleep in people’s laps, but the majority of the residents of Baker Street remained outside, dancing in the half-light from the moon and the bonfire.
‘Dr. Hooper.’ John greeted his colleague with a warm smile and a nod as he stepped off the train and saw her waiting next to a newspaper stand.
Sighing, John took hold of his stick and the bag with the magazines in for Mrs Hudson, kissing Sherlock’s unresponsive lips one last time before running, as best he could, to catch the train to London.
Sherlock sat up slowly, looking into the middle distance, his expression hungry. ‘We’ll be along presently, Lestrade.’
‘John, I--’
‘Please.’ Sherlock threw the cigarettes to John, who caught them and lit one for himself, taking in a huge lungful of smoke.
, before John pushed them in again, not as gentle as the last time, the way eased by the lube. Sherlock moaned brokenly, his nerve endings singing, his senses in overdrive. This had to have been invented to incapacitate Sherlock, or at least the way that John was doing it. He was licking and biting at Sherlock’s neck, his fingers
‘Yeah, that’s it, that’s right, that’s good, Sherlock, that’s good,’ John muttered, his voice low and distracted. ‘Beautiful,’ he growled, grabbing two handfuls of reddened, sore flesh and pinching, sinking his nails into Sherlock’s buttocks again, scratching hard.
‘John.’ Sherlock’s voice was timid, small, almost a question.
‘Let’s see about some sandwiches, shall we?’ Mrs Hudson inhaled from her cigarette a final time before stubbing it out in her saucer, handing John one of the small plates sitting in a stack in the middle of the table. ‘I’m sorry it’s nothing special, but I don’t need to tell you what a game it is getting a decent bit of food these days...’
It was near sunset. The celebrations had lasted the entire day and showed no sign of slowing; barrels and bottles of alcohol were in plentiful supply (clearly having been kept back precisely for this occasion) and a piano had recently been dragged out onto the street. An elderly man sat at its stool, occupied with tuning up.
Tongue brushing nervously over his cracked lips, Sherlock replied, ‘John.’ He nodded, and after that, there was no need for words. He pulled John into a fiercely demanding kiss, fingers fisted in the short hair at John’s nape. His body canted naturally towards John’s, his knees bent, legs swaying as he fought to stay upright, as he fought to battle the onslaught of sensation at John’s lips and hands and the strong press of his thigh.
‘I know you do,’ Sherlock replied, taking advantage of her turned back to squeeze John’s shoulder affectionately.
‘Yes, Sherlock said. ‘Yes please, I would.’
‘Of course you are.’ John rolled his eyes once again and poured a healthy measure of salt into the bowl of cold water, twisting the tap off.
Sherlock stuck his tongue out at her and breathed in a lungful of smoke. ‘Two sugars. Lots of milk.’
‘Lestrade,’ John said with a smile and a nod, shaking Lestrade’s hand. ‘Cup of tea?’
‘Yes, as long as they’ve got hundreds of thousands with the bank or if, like him, they’re chums with the prime minister.’
By quarter past, John had managed to find an axe that appeared to match Sherlock’s specifications and had also managed to convince the owner of the ironmonger’s to send the thing on to Baker Street that afternoon, owing to the elderly man’s reluctance to hand over a very sharp axe to someone he didn’t know from Adam. John had also asked the man about others who’d bought the axe before him, under the guise of getting a review as to what it was like for chopping firewood. None of the information the ironmonger gave him jumped out as important, however, and John resolved to take Sherlock back there after meeting back up with him so that he could ask some more pertinent questions.
, and his
John laughed, kissing the spot of skin just above Sherlock’s rapidly-beating heart. ‘As though I could forget.’ They’d taken advantage of the fact that Mrs Hudson had gone back to Kent over the Easter weekend to stay with her sister and spent a long, quiet hour wrapped up in each other on the sofa, kissing and touching and exploring together by lamplight before making their stumbling way into the bedroom.
It was another nice day after last night’s rain and just enough light crept in through the boarded-up windows for there to be no need to have the electric light on overhead. The water splashed as Sherlock brought one knee up to his chest and sipped his coffee, closing his eyes whilst he drank.
John struggled to his feet, the boy in his arms. He pulled the woman up. ‘We have to run again, we’re too close to the road!’ he shouted. Again they stumbled through the field, along with hundreds of others, all making for the woods on the far side. The woman staggered, hanging back, trying to take her son from John. The shrill wine of the bomb increased and again John shoved the woman to the ground, dropping to press his own face into the now newly-turned earth.
‘We’ll manage, if it is.’
John removed his cap and brushed his hair back into place with the palm of his hand. ‘Should we sit down?’
‘Do you think it could top nineteen thirty-seven?’ John kissed Sherlock again.
‘I was told Sherlock lives here!’ he said, voice at a louder volume than it would ordinarily have been owing to the rain.
‘Had to take the tube,’ Sherlock grumbled, picking at a fleck of blood on the back of his left hand.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and leant against the door, trying to ignore the sick feeling the pain was giving him. The painkillers he’d been prescribed at the hospital were having little to no effect, most likely due to his previous abuse of such drugs at university.
‘Dull, you mean,’ Sherlock replied, getting a new pack of cigarettes out of his breast pocket, along with his lighter. John reached for it automatically, picking it up, before he remembered where they were and put it down again in front of Sherlock.
‘Yes.’ Sherlock slammed his hand on the table and downed what remained of his drink. ‘Yes, let’s. I’ll get the gin.’
John pulled his fingers away and Sherlock whimpered at the loss, his head lolling, eyes drooping shut as John twisted and laid him out on the bed, climbing on top of Sherlock and kissing him softly.
‘Please, John,’ Sherlock said, a shudder running up his spine. ‘Please, John, spank me, hit me, mark me, make me yours, John, please.’
‘And never brought tae mind...’
‘No,’ Sherlock agreed, taking John’s hand off his leg and holding it by the wrist, seeking out John’s pulse. ‘I didn’t mean to be horrid, earlier.’
‘Are you alright?’ John asked quietly as everyone found their seats.
‘I want everything to be lovely and perfect and two years ago again, believe me, I do, but there’s no escaping the fact that I just spend two years of my life in prison whilst you--whilst you--’
‘Stew will do nicely,’ Sherlock grumbled, walking slowly into Mrs Hudson’s flat.
Mycroft’s face was blank, but he nodded once. ‘We’ll see you at six thirty then, John.’
‘Why?’
‘Tea and toast,’ comes the agreement. ‘Next year, we’ll see.’
John ate another bite of bread and jam. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘Yes, chalk and cheese, practically.’ The fly continued to buzz around the daisies, the sound erratic. ‘They’ve got their cousins staying with them, haven’t they?’
John took another deep breath from his cigarette.
‘Tea and toast, then,’ John says, dropping the towel onto Sherlock’s face.
‘Roll over for me, love,’ John murmured as he licked around Sherlock’s outer ear, both of his hands running up and down Sherlock’s sides. ‘On your front, that’s it,’ he said, moving one leg over Sherlock’s back so he was kneeling over him. ‘Arms up,’ John said, trailing his fingers up Sherlock’s biceps and forearms then the backs of his hands once he’d stretched his arms over the pillows and towards the headboard. ‘Good boy,’ John praised, biting gently at the back of Sherlock’s neck, nuzzling into the dark curls at Sherlock’s nape. ‘You’re such a good boy.’
John bit down on his cigarette and slipped his left hand beneath the surface of the water.
Face hard, Sherlock breathed out heavily through his nose as he stepped down from the edge of the fountain, placing the flask on the ground as he pulled his trousers back on, then his shirt, leaving it unbuttoned, snapping the braces back on to his shoulders. He grabbed the flask and began to stride back up towards the house, sun-warmed grass sticking to his bare feet.
‘You are entirely horrid,’ John said, kissing Sherlock once more and tapping his backside. He did, however find Sherlock’s cigarettes and lighter on the floor on Sherlock’s side of the bed, underneath the forgotten book from earlier, and lit one for him, placing it between his reddened lips. ‘I’ll call you when the bath’s ready.’
‘It’s ten to two--’
‘A Nazi shot me in the shoulder in North Africa and left me to bleed to death, does that satisfy your curiosity, Mr. Moriarty?’
‘Pleasant enough. You been here?’ Sherlock remained facing forwards, breathing in the evening air, the surrounding countryside carrying notes of scent that were entirely alien to London and its fog.
‘Two!’ Sherlock gasped, hips pushed down. Blow number three landed, then four. ‘Three, oh, four,’ he sighed. John pinched his arse hard for a brief moment before smacking Sherlock for a fifth time.
‘Idiot,’ John said, grinning, pushing a plate with a slice of dripping cake on it towards Sherlock.
John was wild and desperate when he pushed into Sherlock. Sherlock hissed and clenched his fist around one of the slats in his headboard, arching his back as he adjusted.
Sherlock held his palm out flat. Sighing, John dug in his pocket and pressed a penny into Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock grinned and pulled John into a kiss.
Letting another small whimper escape, Sherlock sank into the mattress, his bones taking on the consistency of melted wax as John continued to stroke and kiss and murmur gently. He pulled against his restraints to test them and shivered and hissed when he found he was completely unable to move his hands.
‘He’s only amusing for so long, Giles, as I see you’ve learnt,’ Mycroft said, staring fiercely at Sherlock, who ignored him. ‘He does so insist on being childish.’
‘Poor dears,’ Molly sighed, her fingers playing with the cuffs of her cardigan.
‘Contrary to popular belief up at BP I’m not an ogre, Jimmy,’ Sherlock said, staring out of the window. He fiddled with the knot of his tie and brushed his hair back off his face; a futile gesture seeing as it fell over his forehead again straight away.
‘After your little spiel, the first time, you winked.’
Curious, John walked towards the source of the noise. He pulled the branches of the bush back and startled when he saw the enormous bird that lay there, an arrow through its wing, which it lifted feebly. John bent down and scooped the bird up, carrying it back to the damp, depressing cottage he called home.
Molly pulled a list from the pocket of her skirt. ‘Ah... Mrs Green, Mrs Taylor, Mr. Alpert, Mrs Rosen, Miss Foley, Mr. O’Doyle, Miss Popper, Mr. Baker.’
Sherlock takes a deep breath, wobbles on the ledge for a second, and jumps—
He meant for it to cure the ache in his chest, but it only coils tighter, nearly drawn taught. Sooner or later it will snap, and he’ll follow willingly. He should have known it wouldn’t have helped. He should have cared that it didn’t.
(Well, not the first time. And wasn’t he slipping up now, the great and mighty Sherlock Holmes, who thought he had everything and ended up with nothing.)
Sherlock doesn’t pause when his phone rings as he rips at upholstery, sends papers flying into the air like his father’s hat on a windy day, and yanks drawers open so furiously one might think they’d said something rude about his mother. Finally, he slumps into his chair again, chest heaving. The apartment looks as though it’s been attacked by either a poltergeist or the American military, with clothes and cloth and various body parts strewn across the floor. His eyes trace the frankly disgusting shrivelled head on the coat rack before jerking away, resolutely refusing to think of John unable to get rid of it and letting it fester in their refrigerator instead.
The apartment has been upturned, an unruly mess laying wherever one cared to look. And still he hasn’t found a letter.
Sherlock draws his knees closer to his chest, long limbs wrapping around himself tightly, and stares at the light mark left on the wall blankly. He doesn’t move to pick it up.
It drones on dully through the night, and doesn’t turn off even when his head slides down the side of the chair in a fitful grasp at sleep.
But then, Moriarty would have liked that as well.
), John might have done differently. John did things differently than people like him and people like Sally Donovan.
“John?”
As John closed his eyes briefly, Mike cleared his throat.  “I’ve heard ladies move in with each other quickly, but I didn’t realize it was after only one kiss.”
“Yes.”  This had all been correct, so…
Yes, I’m freaking out a little SHUT UP it’s my diary I do what I want.
Hmph.
Looking around, he managed to refrain from sighing.  There wasn’t much chance of him attracting any woman in here no matter what he looked like, given that they were at a
A certain someone may find himself with far fewer blankets than he is accustomed to when he traipses in to bed tonight.
, and I--’
Mycroft’s jaw tightened and he ran his tongue over his top row of teeth. ‘It’s
‘He’s back on duty,’ John replied, eyebrows knitting, his right hand wrapped around the doorframe as he shielded most of his body behind it.
John pulled her close and kissed her cheek. ‘That’s because I’m all yours,’ he said. ‘I’ll be back late. Don’t worry if I’m gone a while.’
‘He never liked anyone, much.’
Irritable, Sherlock grabbed a towel from the stand against the wall and dried himself off more thoroughly, rubbing hard at his hair. He lolled on the chaise longue underneath his window and pulled his new packet of fancy French cigarettes towards himself, throwing his leg over the low back of the chaise. He split the paper seal with his thumb and pulled one of the cigarettes out, lighting it with a match from the box that atop the pages of a book about chemical reactions, lying open on the carpet. What had he been thinking, taking his clothes off and jumping in the fountain? In front of John? He was mad, utterly mad.
‘Count,’ John said, hitting him again.
John laughed softly and moved up to kiss Sherlock’s neck again, sucking and biting hard, clearly determined to make a mark, because oh, oh, was that going to mark, and it --
‘Yes, yes, alright. We can. Who... who was that you were talking with?’
‘How was Sussex?’
‘John,’ he sighed, enraptured, head falling back against one of the shelves. John’s fingers bit into Sherlock’s hips as they rocked together, the only sounds in the library the creaking floorboards and the whisper of fabric against fabric. A warm breeze blew in from the open window, carrying the heady scent of lilac in from the garden outside.
John’s eyes snapped to Mycroft’s. ‘He does?’ He looked away, embarrassed at his eagerness. ‘I rather thought he’d made avoiding me his life’s work of late.’
John laughed and kissed Sherlock’s shoulder again. ‘You really are quite mad.’
‘I wouldn’t know.’ Sherlock’s gaze snapped to John’s eyes. ‘I packed and left the very next day, I told you I did - Mycroft was lurking outside my flat last week but I pushed past him, I won’t ever--’
‘Yes, yes, I know it was him.’
Sherlock fell back to his chair. He poured John some tea, righting his own teacup once again.
‘Don’t care,’ Jackson muttered, glaring down at the floor and kicking his heel against the first step. ‘Where’s Sherlock? We want him to do his trick.’
‘It can’t be long now.’ John closed his eyes and lifted his face ceilingwards. ‘It
‘He told you, did he?’
Sherlock brought the palm of his hand down on John’s behind. ‘Cheek,’ he muttered, though he smiled, the unexpectedly serious moment fading as, laughing, John began to thrust again.
, was usually anathema for Sherlock. He was too far gone now, though, and he needed John, he truly did.
‘Yes, they’re opening up for us,’ he said, straightening his hat as Sherlock pulled his gloves on again.
‘Maybe it’s because I’m a Londoner...’
‘And the rockets and the blackout and the rationing...’ John stepped forwards to talk to the ticket officer. ‘Two to New Cross Gate, please.’
‘Oh, you could say that.’ John smiled, his stick clicking against the pavement as they stepped out of the doors. ‘I can’t tell you how relieved he sounded when I telephoned to let him know you’d taken leave.’
‘Fuck,’ John groaned as he opened his eyes and looked where Nettle motioned. ‘Where the bloody hell are the RAF?’ he blurted out, sighing in horror when one of the tiny specks in the wide expanse of blue above peeled away from the rest and nose dived towards them. It took a few seconds for the dull roar of the Stuka’s engine to reach them, and for shouts to begin ringing out along the road.
Sherlock stepped closer, his eyes downcast. ‘No-one...’ he entwined his fingers with John’s. ‘I’ve only ever been yours.’
‘Ten minutes. Reckon you can pick the lock to that hut down there?’ John nodded to the dark shape about twenty feet down the platform, towards the very end.
‘Sherlock,’ John moaned. ‘Don’t you think we ought to--’
John appeared in the doorway. Sherlock shot to his feet, upending the dregs of tea in his cup. He blinked and breathed deeply as John walked towards him, clad in a drab khaki uniform. Whilst Sherlock had grown into his features and lost his coltish appearance of two summers ago, John had withered. His eyes were hollow as he strode towards Sherlock through the crowd, his usually swarthy skin pale, his hair flecked with grey in places.
The sound of the doorbell broke the comfortable silence in 221b. John and Sherlock were in bed together, Sherlock’s head pillowed on John’s thigh, John’s mug of tea resting on Sherlock’s head. John was bare-chested and attempting to complete the crossword, whilst Sherlock was reading a journal article and scoffing at it every few seconds.
The man kissed him. ‘I’m yours,’ he said. ‘Love me,’ he said.
Victor stumbled backwards, looking as though he’d been slapped.
‘Just one look, and then I knew... that all I longed for, long ago, was you...’
The morning sun poured into the dusty hallway from the open door.
‘That’s infinitely more likely,’ John replied, resting his hand on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, stroking absently with his thumb. Sherlock turned and kissed John’s forehead.
‘Do that man,’ Jackson said, pointing over to where Gilchrist was talking to Mycroft.
A violent shudder runs through Sherlock’s wings as he and John materialise in the flat, both dripping wet.
‘A similar story, really,’ Sherlock replied, stealing the cherry from John’s glass.
‘Ask nicely,’ John said, his voice taking on a steely edge as his grip on Sherlock’s wrists tightened almost imperceptibly.
Nettle nodded.
‘I love you,’ John said again.
The twins go missing and everything spirals out of control.
, heavy and full, making Sherlock buck and twitch with every thrust and flick and curl of his strong, capable digits.
Obediently, Freddie wrapped his hand around his shaft and groaned at the onslaught of sensation he was experiencing.
‘Jackson, Pierrot, calm down,’ Mycroft ordered, looming over the seven-year-olds. They stopped and stomped down the last few steps, deliberately scuffing their shoes. ‘Where is your sister?’
‘John!’ a deep voice called just as John was about to straighten and pick the case up. He turned his head so that he was facing the road and smiled when he saw Sherlock launch himself from the back of the moving bus, coat and scarf flying behind him as he landed, graceful as ever, on the road, one hand holding his hat on his head.
Nodding again, John squeezed Sherlock’s hand.
‘I am well,’ John replied, sipping the tea from the third pot he’d made that night.
‘You can’t just magick everything away.’
‘Oh, no-one can hear me,’ Sherlock muttered, pulling out a cigarette and lighting it.
John lifted both eyebrows and bent down to pick Nancy up, holding her close. ‘Bit of a mess, isn’t it?’
‘See that you do,’ John murmured, and then his palm was flying into Sherlock’s arse again, and Sherlock
‘Jim, please,’ he gasped, pushing his arse backwards. ‘Please, please, please.’
John ducked into the bathroom and ran the tap, swilling his hands under it before walking into the kitchen, drying his hands on a tea towel so it didn’t look as though he’d been in what Lestrade thought of as Sherlock’s bedroom.
White-hot pain tore through John’s shoulder as the blast threw him several feet forwards to land face-down in the earth.
A deep groan came from John’s right.
‘Care for one, Mrs Hudson?’ John asked, holding the box out to her with his shaking left hand.
‘Not particularly.’ They reached the top of the stairs and John unlocked the door, stepping back to let Sherlock through first. Dust motes danced in the pale winter sunlight that streamed in through the windows, owing to the fact that neither of them had been there to do the blackout the night before. After a lot of panting and swearing from Sherlock, ten minutes later, both men were sitting at the dining table next to the window, sipping tea.
‘Are you alright?’ John said quietly, shifting further along the edge of the bath and threading his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. ‘You weren’t yourself yesterday.’
‘Yeah,’ Moriarty said, his Irish lilt wrapping round the vowels in each word he said. ‘No rest for the wicked, eh?’ He grinned up at Sherlock, struggling to keep pace.
Sherlock smiled fleetingly, glancing up at the indigo sky, strewn with stars. ‘Indeed.’
‘You can’t say things like that in... in bloody
Sherlock watched as John nodded and walked over to the nearest wounded person, whose arm was bleeding freely through her cardigan. He bent to kneel next to her and rested a comforting hand lightly on her back. ‘Don’t be alarmed,’ Sherlock heard him say. ‘I’m a doctor. I can help.’
‘Mmm,’ Sherlock hummed, lowering himself into his chair, clearly lost in thought. His fingers were steepled under his chin.
‘I really am very sorry about her, Sir, she said, addressing Sherlock, curtseying to them both.
‘I--’
‘The ARP warden will eat you alive for that,’ Mycroft said, stepping inside before Sherlock could slam the door. His index finger tapped against the handle of the umbrella he’d taken to carrying around.
Sherlock, too bright, too caustic, too other, had never found himself the object of anyone’s affections - not at school and certainly not at Oxford. The way in which John’s fingers plucked at the buttons of their trousers and his face flushed and his eyes darkened rendered Sherlock breathless. He pressed back against the bookshelf and crushed his mouth against John’s again, his greedy moan muffled by John’s lips as John picked him up and pinned him against the heavy wooden shelf.
Sherlock tried to keep still, he really did, but fuck,
‘Escaped being erased, this one, has it?’ John asked with a smile, glancing over Sherlock’s shoulder and sighing in relief when he saw the door was locked.
At least I finished it? Very sorry it's taken a ridiculously long time. Huge thanks if you're still reading this. <3
It was early evening by the time Sherlock made it back to the flat, having limped into the back of an ambulance to get his ribs looked at at a hospital, as per John’s wishes. He made it through the front door and let out a ragged breath, hand hovering over his ribs. He grunted as he shut the door, looking up at the seventeen steps with a disgusted expression on his face.
, a bomb just threw me through the air.’
‘For God’s sake, find something to do that doesn’t have you squealing like pigs!’ he roared, waiting a few seconds for silence to descend before he went back to the sink, lathering shaving cream over the other side of his face with the brush that had been an eighteenth birthday gift from his father. He took more care with the blade against his skin this time, scratching the hairs on his top lip away with short little movements.
John took the silver cigarette case and lighter from Sherlock in an easy, practised motion. He lit a cigarette for Sherlock and handed it back to him, placing the case and lighter on a side table. ‘This could end up a right mess, Sherlock,’ John said quietly. ‘You don’t read the papers, but I do, and I can tell you that people want nothing to do with the likes of me and you at the moment.’
Shaking his head, Sherlock pulled John into another kiss, biting at his lips. 'I love you,' he moaned, falling back onto the bed. 'I never said it and I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'
John sighed and looked into the embers of the fire he’d built after getting home from the hospital. The clock downstairs struck for quarter to midnight.
Sherlock’s narrow bed barely contained the two of them; Sherlock’s limbs spilling out from underneath the sheets.
‘Yes,’ Sherlock said, grabbing the bright orange coal tar soap from next to the tap. ‘Yes, I’m perfectly alright.’
‘You wouldn’t have me any different, as you so constantly remind me,’ Sherlock interrupted, hand grasping at John’s hip. ‘That’s enough, you had me last night.’
‘Spare vogue?’ a voice asked from the shadows.
John drained his beer and cuffed Sherlock’s shoulder. ‘Buck up. It’ll be real soon enough when we start arguing about fingers in the colander again.’
‘Just get someone on it,’ Sherlock said, jumping up. ‘John, you and I need to go shopping.’
‘Oh, he’s harmless, he’s only just out of Cambridge, he doesn’t know what he’s saying--’
They danced until the end of the song, John dropping down onto the sofa as soon as it had finished. Sherlock lay down next to him, resting his head in John’s lap. Rain began to tap at the windows, the clouds having moved closer and grown darker. John turned the lamp next to them on and carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as the gramophone hissed quietly.
‘Come along, John, I can’t wait,’ Sherlock mumbled when John began to kiss down the pale line of Sherlock’s throat, pressing his hips up a few more times, tightening his grip on John’s legs.
‘I see.’ John rubbed a waxy water lily petal between his finger and thumb.
‘Pleasure to meet you,’ John said, no expression on his face to indicate that it was a pleasure at all.
Looking back at Sherlock, on the telephone in the foyer, Mycroft swallowed. ‘I know who did it,’ he said, glancing at his brother again and releasing a shaky breath. ‘I know who did this to her.’
‘Of course you can,’ John said, rolling his eyes. ‘Here’s fine, come on.’ He pushed Sherlock by his elbow through the door, a bell above it tinkling, which Sherlock glared at. A group of elderly women in hats sat next to the window, lingering over their tea and buns, but other than that, the place was empty.
John smiled, drinking his tea. ‘I can imagine she’s been quite a trial.’
by Dylan Thomas.
‘It’s a bow tie, Mycroft, your fat cheeks obscuring your vision now?’
Mycroft’s lips twitched in a way John didn’t like. He walked a few feet to the door that led to one of the many drawing rooms the house held. John followed. ‘I’ve a friend coming to dinner. Giles Gilchrist, have you heard of him?’
The doctor examined Lola and prescribed aspirin and nerve tonic.
- still not grown into his odd features as his mother told him he would.
and Sherlock had idly thought that he was going to wear these jeans every day if they merited such a reaction before he found himself being pulled up the stairs to John's room, John's lips attached to his again.
John chuckled. ‘Yes, I’ll tell him. I don’t know how much good it will do, but I will.’ He smiled. ‘You take care of your wife and your little ones. They’re lovely, your girls.’
‘I know you would,’ John replies sadly. ‘I know.’
Sherlock nodded. 'Alright. I... I missed you so much whilst you were away and I just remembered how
‘Haven’t got the energy.’
Sherlock learns Morse code and taps out messages with his lips to John’s throat and back and cheek. John misses nearly all of what Sherlock says but Sherlock never seems to mind. They curl together in bed and both hear the promises and declarations in the whispered sighs that fall from their lips, hours after their three-hundred-and-thirty-four words (combined) have gone.
‘I love you,’ Sherlock murmured, kissing the dampness at John’s hairline before throwing his own head back, hair dark against the mint green pillowcase.
‘You really like the uniform?’ Sherlock mumbled into John’s shoulder, the bridge of his nose and his cheeks still pink.
‘Yes, which will turn into Easter-just-stay-for-the-game-of-cricket and Easter dinner and Easter drinks and Easter-oh-why-don’t-you-just-stay-the-night and Easter-Easter Monday at church and Easter-very-much-not-spending-my-leave-in-bed-with-you.’
John mourned.
in bed. High on sensation as he was, Sherlock was unable to process anything other than that, and at John’s ‘
REGRET REPORT PTE J H WATSON DIED DUNKIRK 3RD JUNE 1940 STOP LETTER TO FOLLOW
‘You know what would happen.’ John’s eyes were dull as he stared at the ceiling, hands linked together behind his head. Sherlock spread his fingers on John’s abdomen. ‘You knew this was going to happen.’
I have ever known in my life--’
‘Boche?’
The bell over the door rang again, John watching as a slight, dark-haired man walked over to the counter. There was a gale of laughter from the elderly women in the corner, causing Sherlock to glare at their backs.
Long arms wrapped around John’s waist as Sherlock pressed himself against John’s back. ‘Care to dance?’ he murmured, resting his chin on John’s shoulder and looking out of the window. The sunshine had gone, replaced by dark clouds, threatening rain.
‘Whoever it is, get rid of them, and sharpish,’ Sherlock grumbled. ‘I’m going to get naked and you’d better not be long about joining me!’ he called as John walked down the stairs, just in time for another round of banging at the door.
‘He probably won’t want to hear it.’
. Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he tipped his head back, his breath leaving him in one short exhale. ‘
An hour later, John had established himself behind a makeshift bar, mixing cocktails for the residents of Baker Street with the contents of his and Sherlock’s drinks cabinet, as well as some other donated bottles. For his part, Sherlock had been bullied into fetching his violin from the flat and was accompanying the elderly pianist as they played for the people dancing (Mrs Hudson still included amongst their number).
‘Alright, guv.’ They tramped on. ‘Alright.’
‘I was invited. My mother and yours are in regular correspondence still. I often ask after you. I tried to get in touch just after Pauline was born, I wanted you to be her godfather, but--’
‘Doctor Watson,’ Sherlock said with a smile as he stepped off the train, pulling his gloves on.
‘Mycroft could probably get you clearance, though I’d undoubtedly have to do him some sort of favour.’ Sherlock wrinkled his nose and straightened up. ‘Do you want to see about lunch?’
Sherlock shut the door slowly. ‘Wait here.’
Sherlock moaned at the sensation, the sound guttural, primal. He dropped his head back, hands fisted in the sheets underneath him, moaning again when John’s teeth grazed over his throat in a slow line upwards.
‘Sherlock, I know I--’
‘Everyone needs to be interviewed,’ Mycroft bit out, tightening his hand into a fist. ‘They cannot take one person’s testimony alone as gospel.’
‘You saw him, then?’ The Inspector asked, leaning forwards over Mycroft’s father’s desk in the darkened study.
Mycroft’s eyes, when Sherlock opened his and met them over John’s shoulder, were very cold, and very far away.
‘Boys? Is that you?’ Mrs Hudson’s door opened and the woman herself peeked out from behind it. ‘Sherlock!’ she gasped, wiping her floury hands on her apron. ‘What happened to you?’
(again) and took a bow, making his way over to John’s bar.
‘I can’t believe those fuckers in the war office are letting us get bleeding bombed out of France. Probably tucked up nice and safe in some bunker somewhere, seeing how else they can feed us to the fucking wolves. And my feet are killing me!’
‘Yes. No. Leave me to weave.’ Sherlock coughed again, the sound cracked and hollow.
John stepped forward and Sherlock moved away from the table, to its side and backwards, into the heart of the hushed, dim library.
Sherlock nodded. ‘Yes,’ he said, putting his hat on and handing John his stick. ‘Yes, alright.’
Sherlock sank back into their shared pillow, drawing one knee up to his chest, gazing at John with amused, sleepy eyes. ‘Go on,’ he said. ‘Give me a good seeing to and I promise I’ll be on my best behaviour today.’
‘Ah, John, at last!’ Mycroft said with a wolf’s smile, his legs crossed as he lounged against the back of the sofa. ‘We were beginning to think you’d never make it.’
From the kitchen doorway, John smiled over his shoulder. ‘Oh, I most certainly do, Mister Holmes.’
‘Lola says it’s a trick.’
‘Scrub your bloody face,’ John ordered, throwing a bar of carbolic soap into Sherlock’s bath, creating a dunking sound and a rather large splash. ‘Then give your bloody hair a wash, get dressed, and we’ll go for fish and chips. See if there’s a spot of robbery or murder going on somewhere.’
be long.’
‘Well,’ John said. ‘We don’t know a thing about each other.’
John checked his watch. Half past eleven. ‘Back here at half past twelve, then?’
Both men walked downstairs, Victor politely waiting for John in the hallway. He inclined his head towards John’s leg.
‘Don’t be silly.’ Sherlock nudged John towards the stairs. ‘Maybe it’s because I’m a Londoner...’ he continued as they walked up the stairs and John unlocked the door that led to the roof.
Sherlock smiled to himself as they rounded the corner, walking into the station and joining the queue for a ticket each. ‘Almost like old times, isn’t it?’ he said as they reached the head of the queue. ‘Only with ruddy sandbags everywhere...’
‘No need for cheek, young man.’ Mrs Hudson fixed him with an admonishing look. ‘Now come in and rest until Doctor Watson gets back; I’ll make you something to eat.’
‘Well.’ Sherlock winced when his unsmoked cigarette burnt down to the quick, the heat biting his fingers. He threw it down the steps, ash scattering onto the wind. ‘I ought to go. My cousins have been running Mummy ragged.’ He turned to face John, resting his hand on John’s shoulder and then leaning in fractionally.
‘What’s taking them so long?’ Sherlock snapped, glowering at the group of policemen that had gathered at the entrance of the house. ‘If they took me to where it happened I could have it all neatly tied up for them in under five minutes, as could you, Mycroft--’
Sherlock turned back to the window just in time to see John reach the end of the path. His easy mood vanished and nerves knotted in his chest as he and John looked at each other through the window. John smiled. Sherlock didn’t.
Night had fallen across London. On the banks of the Serpentine, a slight figure stood with a cigarette handing out of his mouth, the top three buttons of his shirt undone.
He’s there, as he always is. Skin almost translucent with how pale it is, gills cutting into his flank, hair falling over one eye.
‘I didn’t think you’d be coming. When I couldn’t get through--’
Come back to tell you all, I shall tell you all”—
‘Burns,’ Sherlock ground out, but he pushed himself down anyway, seeking the control he needed, his breath hitching as John curled his fingers
‘I... I...’
‘Sherlock--’
‘I shall expect my dinner on the table and you looking pretty for me at seven in that case,’ he teased, straightening Sherlock’s pyjama collar.
‘Take me there,’ John repeated.
To say: “I am Lazarus, come from the dead,
Out of sight, upstairs, just inside the hallway before the balcony, Mycroft watched.
‘I’m not a child,’ Sherlock muttered, his arms folded across his chest, legs spread out along the window seat.
‘Never thought we’d get as civilised as afternoon tea in a quaint little town outside London,’ John said with a wry smile, hanging his coat on the back of his chair as Sherlock removed his own coat and threw it across the table next to them along with his hat before he sat down, crossing one leg over the other.
‘This won’t sting half as much as the cream I’m going to put on you. Just be glad you don’t need stitches.’
‘As usual, then.’
‘She’s eager for it,’ a man lurking at the door to the park’s toilet block said with a camp wink, nodding inside to indicate Freddie.
‘Mm.’ John closed his eyes and brushed his cheek against Sherlock’s curls. ‘I love you.’
‘Thank you.’ Mycroft did not lift his eyes from the report in his hands.
‘You do not have to say anything--’
John moaned, the sound deep in his chest as he tugged Sherlock’s bow tie away from his throat and threw it to the thick carpet, pulling Sherlock’s collar away from his neck so as to bite down on it. He sucked hungrily at Sherlock’s creamy skin, pressing his hips tighter against Sherlock’s as he felt the violent shudder that unfurled from the base of Sherlock’s spine, like fire licking up his vertebrae.
John stood in the doorway of 221, watching his neighbours celebrate, a small glass of punch in his hand.
A bead of sweat broke at John’s temple and ran down his face, curving around his jaw as the seconds elapsed. A splash was heard from the fountain, Sherlock’s rear cresting over its surface as he dove down to retrieve the flask.
‘You won’t believe the rotten business,’ Sherlock said, guiding the twins inside, John following close behind. ‘We’ve one thing less to trouble everyone at least, thanks to you. Where did you find them?’
‘Sherlock?’
The others laughed and slapped their knees, nodding eagerly.
‘It’s cruel. That you can’t... that you can’t stay, it’s cruel.’
‘Ugh, not forever,’ Sherlock moaned dramatically, giving up on his experiment to loll in his armchair. ‘He’s in a love affair with the bloody NHS.’
'Shh.' John slowed his pace, shifted his knees on the bed so that he was closer to Sherlock and gathered him into his arms, despite the sudden flash of pain in his shoulder. 'Shh,' he said, stroking Sherlock's hair, pulling Sherlock's face into his neck. 'Shh, it's alright, it's alright, don't be silly.' John kissed Sherlock's temple and began to move his hips again, thrusting steadily.
John sits and bends down, pressing his cold, dry lips against the merman’s damp ones. The sea molluscs that cling to the rock make a crackling sound, loud in the quiet of the cove.
Sherlock’s lips twitched. ‘You’ll make a fine doctor. You always did want to be one, didn’t you, when we were boys?’
‘Guessing... guessing your name ain’t Sarah, then.’
Sherlock lifted one eyebrow and fiddled with the cufflinks from John as he moved to sit in the window seat, watching the path where John would soon appear, the note he’d scribbled out frantically seeming to weigh a ton in his jacket pocket. He rested his hand over where he knew it to be, his heart racing as he blocked out the sound of Mycroft and Gilchrist talking whilst Gilchrist did something no doubt abominable to crushed ice.
‘Don’t strop now, Sherlock dear, it’s unbecoming,’ Mrs Hudson said, marching over as she waited for the kettle to boil, taking one of the cigarettes off him. She shoved his legs up and perched on the arm of his chair. ‘You’re being very silly.’
Mycroft looked intently at the wallpaper. ‘I have something I’d like to discuss with you. Concerning him.’
‘Terrible,’ he said, his voice barely there at all, his eyes very far away.
‘No, most of them are far too ridiculous,’ Sherlock murmured, his eyes moving from side to side as he gestured into the air between him and John with his left hand, clearly attempting to separate and organise the facts in his head.
‘Tea... you’ll be wanting tea,’ Sherlock mumbled, scratching his head as he strode across the living room, through the screen door and into the kitchen. Nettle took his cap off.
. Stroking Sherlock’s cock, first, then shoving two fingers into Sherlock’s mouth, biting at Sherlock’s ear while he thrust them in and out with a gentleness that belied his words.
‘I can imagine. You’re lucky.’
‘Yes,’ Mycroft said, his lips pursed. ‘Yes, we will.’
,’ said in a warning tone, he moaned and nodded, pressing down against John’s fingers again.
Sherlock blinked and gaped at the state of his cousin.
John held Sherlock tighter, rubbing slow circles on his back.
Sherlock frowned again. ‘Yes, more’s the pity.’
‘A pirate, that was it!’ John said, grinning. ‘How about it, then? We steal Mycroft’s car, drive to the coast and take over the first ship we see. We’ll be in the Caribbean in a week, India in two if you fancy it.’
‘I’m not sure it’s entirely proper to kiss one’s patients, Doctor Watson,’ Sherlock said with a wry smile when John pulled away with bloody lips.
‘You understand, then? You know how I... I’ve been ignoring it for years but this morning at the fountain-’
me being able to play Bewitched, Bothered and bloody Bewildered on my violin!’
‘Why tell me all of this? Why now?’
‘Let ‘em have this shithole, that’s what I say,’ Nettle exclaimed, waving his hand around to gesture at the village they were currently tramping through. ‘It’s all about empire, ain’t it? We’ve got India and Africa, let Jerry have France and Belgium and wherever fucking else they want. Who the fuck’s ever been to Poland, anyway?’
‘And you, Harry.’
John stepped back and opened the door a little wider. ‘You’d better. I’ll have the ARP warden round to give me a fine for the light if we carry on like this.’ He let Victor in and shut the door behind him. ‘It’s actually upstairs,’ John said, motioning. ‘But after you, I’ll only slow you down.’
‘Good God,’ John murmured after stepping into the toilet and taking in the tableau of Frederick Harper, nineteen, pretty blue eyes blank and unseeing, legs bare and spread wide, throat purple with bruising.
A young woman tightened her grip on her son’s hand and looked at John and Sherlock, seemingly horrified.
Sherlock grinned, touching his palm to John’s cheek. ‘You’re wonderful,’ he murmured as John eagerly read the letter again, stroking John’s face with his thumb, certain that John wasn’t even listening. ‘Utterly wonderful.’
Sherlock smiled and sipped his ale.
‘Not to you.’
what he’s saying, Sherlock.’
‘Shut up and go to sleep, you ungrateful sod.’ John’s voice held no malice as he hung his dressing gown up and slid under the covers next to Sherlock, wrapping his hand around Sherlock’s wrist, index and middle finger resting over where Sherlock’s pulse jumped underneath his skin.
John wills a towel into existence and scrubs it across Sherlock’s hair, kneeling down next to the arm of the sofa to press a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. ‘Christmas miracle, then? Go public like we used to be?’
‘Nothing, just wait,’ the commander spat, marching forwards.
‘Yes, John,
One eyebrow lifting at the unexpected compliment, John smiled and went back to Sherlock. ‘You’re not. At least, you’re not showing any signs of concussion. Any blows to the head in this no doubt entirely legal bare-knuckle boxing match?’
For the first time, Sherlock’s eyes snapped to Moriarty’s and he frowned. ‘How did you know I was in Sussex?’
Merman!Sherlock.
‘No,’ John said quietly, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s. ‘You need a bath. And a shave.’
‘We’ll split up,’ John said. ‘And we’ll need torches, Mycroft.’
‘Rapid onset “evolutionary change” to people being born with wings?’
‘Yes, well Bletchley hasn’t had eighteen thousand tons of bombs dropped on it,’ Sherlock replied, squinting at a bottle in the window of the chemist’s. ‘Although I must say that would probably improve the look of the Park,’ he added in a mutter. ‘It’s positively frightful, I wish I could take you to see it.’
!’ John roared, standing up, throwing the sheets away from himself, back onto the bed.
‘You’re becoming hysterical,’ Sherlock interrupted. ‘I cannot think if you’re carrying on like this.’
Mrs Watson nodded. ‘Those poor boys don’t know whether they’re coming or going. And that sister of theirs can be ever so unkind to them, you know, but she’s upset, too, and...’
And a mere six years later... chapter two!
‘Let’s go up,’ Sherlock said quietly.
, Sherlock,’ he said, offering his left hand to John, who hesitated before bringing his trembling one to join it. ‘James Moriarty,’ Moriarty said, with a wide smile. ‘Hi.’
‘Head nice and quiet now?’ John asked, his voice fond.
Sighing, John carried Nancy upstairs and lay her down next to Colin on the mattress on the floor, pulling the blankets up over both of them. He turned the sheets down for Harry and helped her into bed when she appeared at the top of the stairs.
Sherlock pulled a face. ‘I knew there was something. Poor thing.’
‘Well, that’s something I’ve not seen in a while,’ Sherlock said with a bit of a laugh, sitting down at the long table, pulling a chair out for John.
Sherlock laughed darkly, coaxing John into a deep kiss. ‘You’re one of the very few who still haven’t run screaming.’
He ate a meagre bowlful of thin vegetable stew with half a slice of stale bread after slinging his case in his attic room. Lighting a cigarette, Sherlock pushed his bowl and plate to one side and sauntered out into the grounds, ignoring the hustle and bustle that went on around him. Technically, he was still on holiday until tomorrow morning and not due for a shift. He made his way over to his usual hut anyway.
‘How’s your sister?’
‘I’m off now!’ John called as he walked downstairs. His mother leant against the kitchen doorway, folding her arms across her middle and smiling at him.
Mycroft inhaled from his cigarette and nodded.
‘We used to go for tea before the war.’
‘Let’s find somewhere to wait. Get some rest, a bit of peace.’
Cheerful shouts rang out from the street outside their open window. The breeze sighed into the room and cooled their hot, damp skin, causing gooseflesh to form on John’s thighs and Sherlock’s forearms. Music began to play from somewhere a few doors down.
Sherlock smirked as he imagined the look on Mycroft’s face. Mycroft had been the one to teach him how to deduce things - ‘the trick’ - when he was five years old, and would positively loathe the idea of Sherlock laying claim to the skill over himself.
Sherlock glanced up from where he was leaning over the fountain, his flat stomach pressing against the hot stone that formed its raised edge. He frowned and went back to fishing around in the water, the rolled-up cuffs of his shirt sleeves growing damp.
John nodded. ‘Come on, I’ll see you out.’
‘Most people are.’ Sherlock bent his hand back to stroke John’s face. ‘She knows, I take it?’
A slow, genuine smile stretched across John’s face.
‘I don’t understand--’
John sipped his punch and leant against the doorframe, smiling as he watched the children run and giggle. He glanced down towards the end of the street and huffed a laugh, his face splitting into a wide grin at what he saw there.
‘Yes, likewise,’ Sherlock muttered, looking almost embarrassed as he shook Lestrade’s hand.
,’ John snarled, and another half-dozen blows landed on Sherlock’s backside, a pause lulling him into a false sense of security before a seventh one hit home, then an eighth, a ninth, a tenth, each harder and faster than the last. Sherlock whimpered loudly and tried to keep still, he really did, but oh God, oh
‘John’s things,’ the man said, staring at the plain brown envelope. ‘You’ve brought me John’s things.’
Nodding, John guided Sherlock’s head to rest in his lap, bending to kiss his temple. ‘Good,’ he said. ‘Good.’
John side-stepped some shrapnel and picked his way quickly through the rubble to where the bomb had hit at the heart of the street. ‘Sherlock!’
‘Tell me what you need,’ John said, moving his hand away from Sherlock’s neck and biting it again, shoving his hips against Sherlock’s arse again, making Sherlock cry out wordlessly. ‘Look at me, tell me what you need, Sherlock,’ he ordered, fisting his hand in Sherlock’s hair to turn his head. Sherlock shifted his unfocused gaze to John’s face and opened his mouth to speak but couldn’t quite find the words.
‘I’ll see you this evening?’ John fastened the buttons of his brown suit jacket before combing his hair into place, checking his reflection in the mirror over the fireplace.
be able to make amends for what you did,’ Sherlock said, his voice low and quiet.
‘John, more, more,’ Sherlock begged, his fingers and toes flexing and unflexing as he thrust as best he could against the mattress.
‘Mm?’ John licked his way up Sherlock’s neck and nibbled at his ear.
‘It is a shame,’ John agreed, rubbing his thumb over the back of his mother’s hands, along one of her veins.
‘Dolly eek,’ the boy returned, pushing his hips forward.
‘What happened in nineteen thirty-seven?’ Sherlock asked, pretending to look confused. John hit his leg.
Sherlock inhaled from the cigarette resting in between his lips. John’s face when Sherlock had surfaced from the water - he’d looked horrified. It had been an altogether stupid stunt to pull, losing control like that, shouting at John and standing in front of him as good as naked, displaying himself. And making such a fuss about the flask, too. Sherlock frowned at where it sat on the edge of his desk, passion flower still resting in the lip. No harm had come to it and he’d seen fit to throw his clothes off in front of John; John who’d laughed at him, whose smile was warm and natural, John who was handsome and clever and kind, whom Sherlock
In the event, John telephoned the hospital and excused himself from work that day, returning to the flat in order to mither over the letter, the dead boy, the whole rotten business. Not for the first time, he found himself wishing it were eight, nine, ten years ago and Sherlock had some other work that wasn’t murder and misery to occupy his time. John always felt a hot twist of guilt and shame whenever those thoughts intruded. They’d been so very unhappy, being forced apart from each other, but in a way, in many ways, even, things had been easier. No-one was bothered about an unconventional living arrangement when they were preoccupied with bombs raining down around them day after day. The blackout had made it easier to hide, to be discreet. People had been so wrapped up in their own lives and the enormous and ever-mounting costs of war that there simply never was the time nor the space to concern oneself with whether Dr. Watson and Mr. Holmes were simply good friends or whether they really were
‘No.’ Sherlock was quiet for a minute, though he caught and held John’s left hand, bringing it to his lips. The tremor made John’s knuckles brush back and forth over Sherlock’s mouth. ‘Will this rotten business ever end?’ Sherlock asked, eyes closed.
He couldn’t forget Lestrade’s words nor the utter look of contempt he’d given the murdered boy. Had Lestrade never suspected? Had he never imagined? What might he say, if he knew? John poured the hot water into the teapot and put the lid in place, trapping the heat inside.
‘Yes...’
‘I’m sorry they hurt you,’ John said. The mattress creaked as he shifted lower on the bed until he was face to face with Sherlock, both of them sharing the same pillow, as usual. He took Sherlock’s hands in his and kissed Sherlock’s downturned mouth. ‘I love you.’
‘Call a doctor,’ Mycroft said to Sherlock over his shoulder. ‘And the police.’
‘How’s your pain?’ John asked late the next morning as he helped Sherlock, who had spent the night asleep upright on Mrs Hudson’s sofa, up the stairs to 221b.
‘Oh, Sherlock, you silly thing!’ Mrs Hudson exclaimed, pressing her hand to her mouth as she giggled. ‘Sit down, sit down, come on, we don’t want you choking.’ Sherlock kissed the top of her head again and took his seat, sipping his tea.
‘When do you go?’ John asked, though he knew the answer. ‘My God, it’ll be a happy day when I never have to ask you that again.’
‘Oh, good, that’s good. I’m glad to hear it.’ Moriarty followed Sherlock into the house. ‘Coming to dinner?’
‘C’mere, bijou,’ the man murmured, pulling out a cigarette and slipping it between the sweet young thing’s lips. ‘You a dilly boy?’
‘Mycroft was his usual self. Sherlock...’ John looked out of the window, where a wing of the big house was just visible. ‘Sherlock was as... as brilliant and puzzling as ever.’
‘What
John’s face twisted, as though Sherlock’s confession was something painful for him to hear. He bit and kissed at Sherlock’s neck and chest as his dominant hand struggled with Sherlock’s trouser buttons, eventually slipping them loose and curving his hand around the hot flesh trapped inside.
‘It’s me,’ John calls, and the merman turns, eyes aglow in the moonlight. ‘I’m here.’
‘Who have?’ Gilchrist said, standing and quickly kneeling in front of Lola. ‘The twins?’
‘Ooh, what took you so long?’ Freddie whined when Moriarty entered the toilet block, closing and locking the door behind him with the copied key he’d had made. Freddie was in the end cubicle, bent over at the waist, head resting on the wooden wall between the stalls, two fingers inside himself and the other hand wrapped around his cock, both moving at a frantic pace.
‘Everyone’s far too drunk to notice. Or care, for that matter.’
‘Are--’ Nettle stepped into the house and shut the door gently behind him. ‘Are you S Holmes?’ he asked, kneeling down in front of the man, placing the envelope on the floor.
‘Sherlock,’ John whispered, catching Sherlock’s sleeve, brushing his thumb across the bone that jutted out from Sherlock’s wrist. He took a deep breath. ‘It’s... it’s alright.’
, you maddening bugger,
‘I asked you a question,’ John growled, pinching Sherlock’s side, sinking his teeth into Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock swallowed, gasping for breath, unable to keep still, wanting to think, to rationalise this. Christ, mild-mannered John Watson was an
, Sherlock, wanted to get my hands on you all evening, those fucking jeans, Jesus Christ, it should be illegal to make jeans that tight, you know that? More spit,’ he ordered, pressing his thumb to the underside of Sherlock’s chin and biting his earlobe, eliciting a groan that Sherlock felt begin deep in his chest. ‘Fuck, you’re beautiful,’ John murmured, pinching Sherlock’s nipple through the dark purple shirt that he hadn’t been allowed to take off yet. Biting down hard on his lip, Sherlock frowned, his eyes closed as he tried to keep hold of himself, tried to think, tried to stop being a slave to sensation. Of course, John’s fingers in his mouth and John’s other hand roughly palming his cock and John’s teeth on his neck, oh
, that hurt, and he wanted more, more of everything, more of John, more of John’s hand, more friction to his aching cock as he bucked off the bed and writhed, crying out in pain and need. ‘Please!’ he howled, the word forcing itself past his lips, ‘Please, John, please, please,
‘Don’t be daft,’ John said after a moment’s silence.
‘I wouldn’t.’ John held Sherlock’s arm out and kissed his way from Sherlock’s elbow up to the soft skin just below his armpit.
Afternoon descends into evening, and Sherlock has something he can no longer keep to himself.
He tended to the bird and some days later, it flew away.
‘Is there anything I can do?’ John asked, his voice quiet, when Sherlock’s hair began to fall out.
‘Music never gets erased, John, no matter how awful it is,’ Sherlock replied. ‘Shh.’
Sherlock laughed, pulling John’s arm around him and grabbing John’s hand, inspecting the lines and moles and marks and scars on it. ‘Glad that didn’t start up earlier. I’d have been quite put off.’
‘Stabbed and then scalped and left in the cellar of the pub, fascinating...’
Most nights, they fell into bed and made love amongst the ragged sheets, paying no mind to the spores of mould on the walls or the draught that flew under the door. They held hands and Sherlock (he’d given up his name after a moment’s thought) rested his head on John’s chest, afterwards.
Pulling back just so there was a breath of space between their lips, John murmured, ‘Sherlock.’
Eyes wrinkling with her smile, Mrs Hudson took the keys from John and slipped one into the lock.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes and continued to tidy up the kitchen. ‘He likes being useful,’ she called over her shoulder as she filled the kettle and laid two cups and saucers out.
?’ Sherlock spat, snatching the paper from Mrs Hudson. ‘That’s
A young man opened the door. He had deep purple bags under bloodshot eyes and miles of pale skin on show. His eyes flicked up and down Nettle, from head to toe. He said nothing.
‘Oh, I see.’ Sherlock nodded. ‘Yes, alright.’
John grabbed Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him wildly, forcing their bodies close together. Sherlock fell back to the bed, pulling John on top of him, spreading his legs, pulling John down further, closer.
, I'm really not, but we're expected and it's only polite--'
‘It’s quite alright, Miss Poole,’ Sherlock said, taking off his hat.
‘Yes, yes.’ Sherlock pushed at John’s chest with the sole of his foot. ‘Your leg will be fine, don’t fuss, roll me over.’
Freddie began to struggle violently, his hands clawing at Moriarty’s, fingernails digging into his skin. Snarling, Moriarty withdrew and pushed Freddie to the filthy tiled floor, climbing atop him, pinning his thin arms with both knees and applying pressure to his throat with both hands.
‘Leave it then.’ Sherlock slipped his hand back into John’s trousers. ‘I can’t think of anyone I want to see on New Year’s Eve other than you, naked, in our bed, covered in sweat with that
‘Thought you had to get back,’ Sherlock replied, turning to raise an eyebrow at John. Before John could say anything else, Sherlock strode off, following the long line of the water’s edge, leaving John standing on the path, bereft.
‘Oh, they’re not very interesting. Rather like me, I suppose.’ John laughed.
Mycroft leant in close to Sherlock. ‘Really, you are the most obstinate
The twins laughed gleefully at Sherlock calling their sister an idiot.
Sherlock laughed as John mixed the whiskey and soda water for him. ‘Dance with me, later?’
‘There’s no sugar in this,’ Sherlock said, lips against the rim of the cup, one eyebrow raised.
-- there are the children to think about, they ought to have a routine and probably do and
John groaned deeply, beginning to walk backwards even as he captured Sherlock’s lips again, biting and sucking frantically. Sherlock unbuttoned John’s shirt as they staggered through the kitchen to the bedroom, untucking John’s vest from the waistband of his trousers.
John hesitated outside the door to the room where Sherlock wove, a bowl of soup in his hands. He had promised, but Sherlock had not been eating. He had promised, but Sherlock was so very ill.
‘Sherlock?’ he yelled, heading in the direction of where Sherlock had been thrown. ‘Sherlock!’
‘She’s in Kent until Tuesday,’ John gasped, muffled against Sherlock’s mouth.
. He moaned and sighed his approval and the smacks got steadily harder, more irregular, difficult to predict with John’s full strength behind them.
The main course was dry and dull, much like the conversation at the table. The late evening heat and the effort of eating caused Gilchrist to sweat, little beads of it dotted at his temples. Sherlock pointed the fact out to John in a whisper, staring at Mycroft as he leant in to John’s ear, almost daring him to say something. The bridge of Mycroft’s nose turned red.
‘Incredibly so,’ he murmured, and fell into a dreamless sleep.
Sherlock grinned. ‘I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve recently been invalided out of North Africa. I know you’ve got a sister who’s worried about you but you won’t write and let her know you’re alive and well, because she’s a miserable violent petty alcoholic and you prefer her to think you’re dead. I know you take your tea without sugar, that you stick your tongue out whenever you’re concentrating on something and that you suspect that limp you’ve acquired to be psychosomatic -- quite correctly, I’m afraid.’ Sherlock smiled as John shook his head. ‘Quite enough to be going on with, I think, don’t you?’
‘Was it indeed?’ John smiled, Sherlock growing more indignant.
‘Yes, well, I’m not a four hundred stone
‘Quite the bright young thing. He inherited a substantial gambling debt from his father and managed to pay it all off within a year of leaving university. Made a fortune in the gold mines in South Africa.’
was coming and oh, three more, hard, one, two three, and then, and then, had he stopped? Why had he stopped? Sherlock didn’t want --
A train whistle sounded in the distance.
To have squeezed the universe into a ball
Sherlock clapped him on his good shoulder. ‘Half past twelve.’
Sherlock did not arrive back home until late that evening. It being mid-March, the sky outside had long since gone dark and a chill had settled over London. John took his horn-rimmed reading glasses off at the sound of the door downstairs, pushing the newspaper he’d been pretending to read to one side. ‘Sherlock?’ he called, getting up to open their front door. ‘Sherlock, is that you?’
John smiled. Sherlock had cast aspersions on the architectural integrity of Bletchley Park on more than one occasion before now. ‘I’d like to see where you work.’
‘It was a gift from--’
‘A university place. Compensation--’
‘Deal.’ Sherlock took his drink from John and clinked it against a rum bottle, clearly pleased with himself as he strutted back over to the piano.
‘You’re quiet,’ John said, combing his fingers through Sherlock’s mop of hair as they watched the sun set, lying on the large rocks that led down to the beach.
‘I’m sorry,’ Sherlock whispered, eyes shut in pain. ‘I’m sorry, I tried... I’ve loved you for every second since I last saw you and I tried...’
‘You mean to say you haven’t--’
‘Hm?’ John prompted, kissing Sherlock again.
They referred to the first time John had gone away for university, when an even more graceless and awkward Sherlock had backed John into the library and kissed him desperately before running outside and not speaking to John until two months later, when they’d both been home for Christmas.
‘No,’ Moriarty mouthed back with a sweet grin, slamming Freddie’s head against the cubicle wall when he started thrashing. ‘Lovely as that feels around my cock, bijou, I’d prefer it if you stopped.’
‘What?’ John said with a laugh, kissing Sherlock’s neck. ‘I hope you’re not--’
After the cups, the marmalade, the tea,
Sherlock laughed aloud. ‘I could break into the Old Bailey and destroy the files myself.’ The nails of his right hand bit into his palm.
Weeks passed.
‘That means it’s working,’ John said with a kindly doctor’s smile. ‘Stand up.’
‘Fine,’ John replied, wiping the dishcloth over the plates they’d used. ‘That photograph of you in your uniform improved my week no end.’
Sorry this has taken so long! One chapter to go. Quick warning for anti-French and anti-German sentiment from a minor character.
‘Mm, unless something comes up,’ Sherlock replied, bent over his microscope, his silk dressing gown hanging elegantly on his form. He reached out blindly for something, fingers grabbing at thin air.
John and Sherlock spend some time together in the library.
‘Of course.’ John nodded his agreement, still distracted by the garment he held. ‘Yes, of course.’
They both looked at each other for a moment before Sherlock’s dirty face and John’s clean one split into (slightly hysterical) grins. John’s shoulders shook with laughter and Sherlock wheezed as he tried to join in.
‘Jim,’ the man growled, throwing his cigarette away and grabbing Freddie’s jaw with his index finger and thumb. ‘Jim Moriarty,’ he said, forcing their mouths together. His teeth clashed with Freddie’s and the boy whimpered, his pale, delicate fingers plucking at the buttons of Moriarty’s jacket. ‘Come on,’ Moriarty snarled, wrapping his fingers around the boy’s tie and snapping at his lips. Freddie moaned and staggered in the direction of the toilets when Moriarty let him go, casting an excited glance back over his shoulder. Moriarty gave it a minute before following.
The sound of the dripping tap was drowned out as the wind roared outside, the nice day having given way to the miserable weather and thick cloud more typical of April. The lamplight made the night seem that little bit less miserable, the bedroom warm and safe lit by its comforting, familiar glow.
‘Yes. He is.’ Sherlock thrust a tin out of his pocket towards John, his pace slowing. ‘Roll me a cigarette, won’t you?’
Victor’s eyes were kind. ‘I understand,’ he said, stepping forwards and offering his hand. ‘You’re a very good man, Doctor Watson.’
Lola nodded. ‘They’ve run away because they said I was cruel to them and it’s hateful here,’ she sniffed, beginning to cry.
John and Sherlock sat in silence for a long, horrible moment.
‘Sorry?’
Sherlock nodded, one side of his mouth pulling upwards when John pressed several kisses to his chest before getting up and walking into the bathroom, barely limping at all.
The maid poured tea for the policemen.
‘No sort of life though, Molly mumbled, tightening her grip on her doctor’s bag.
‘NO!’ Sherlock lunged out of Mycroft’s grip and grabbed John’s forearm as the frantic crowd reached the gravel path at the bottom of the steps. ‘No you can’t, he couldn’t have, he
‘I get so bored without you.’
‘John pressed his lips together ever tighter as he inspected the body, turning Frederick’s hands over gently. ‘He put up a fight, though not much of one,’ John asserted, leaning forwards to examine the sticky blood matted into Frederick’s hair. ‘Whoever did this had to get rougher than he thought, but there aren’t really many defensive wounds elsewhere on his body.’
No. No, Sherlock didn’t want to feel like this, he wanted to have all of his mental faculties in order and he certainly didn’t want to be moaning and swaying into John, resting his hands -damp and trembling slightly - on John’s shoulders for purchase. But... but he really
John smiled and walked out of the kitchen, waiting until Sherlock was in the living room too before turning the light off. ‘Anyway, you’ve got a bob on yourself, thinking I’d want to with you looking like that,’ he laughed, going into his bedroom and turning the lamp on, Sherlock following close behind.
‘Oh, I’ve spent far too much time seeing you on and off trains,’ Sherlock said, pressing his lips together as he just stared at John, who carefully extracted his hand from Sherlock’s.
‘Yes,’ John replied, his smile tight.
. ‘John,
John nodded, frowning, eyes closed.
‘You’ve beaten Sherlock to it, Mrs Hudson,’ John said, grinning widely as he stepped out onto the street to meet Mrs Hudson, who had just climbed out of a taxi, suitcases full of her belongings being stacked next to the door by the driver.
John nodded, lips parted as his breathing deepened.
‘Sherlock,’ John said, at the same time as Sherlock’s taut,
‘I know.’ John stubbed out his cigarette. ‘Why don’t we see about this room of yours?’
‘I weaved it. You could sell it at market. It could help.’
John smiled and pulled back, out of Sherlock. ‘Roll yourself over, you lazy bugger,’ he said, pinching Sherlock’s thigh. Groaning, Sherlock flopped onto his front then pulled himself to his knees, holding onto the headboard and splaying his legs.
‘Standing about being gormless and drinking us out of tea?’ Sherlock crushed his cigarette against the window. ‘I’m jolly pleased for them they’ve found such an occupation, I wonder if I might join them--’
‘On suspicion of
‘Here you are, old boy. Gilchrist’s Gin Fizz, tell me what you think.’
‘Mmm. Light me a fag whilst you’re at it.’
Grinning, John nipped Sherlock’s neck. ‘It’s just Easter lunch with your mother.’
‘Hello Alice,’ said John, smiling at her as he stepped into the hall as well.
Harry’s hands shook against John’s sides and she grabbed his pullover, as though to steady herself. ‘I feel such a fool, Johnny,’ she whispered, wiping her eyes on his shoulder.
‘I could kiss you forever,’ John said, his lips against one of Sherlock’s freckled shoulders as they lay together in bed.
‘No pomade today?’ John asked, scratching Sherlock’s scalp.
'John,' Sherlock breathed, turning his head, trying to catch John's lips with his. After a moment he succeeded, sliding his tongue against John's, bringing one hand to grasp the back of John's neck, fingers clenching and releasing feverishly. 'Please, I...'
and catch him before he hit the water...’
‘I-- I’m looking for an S Holmes,’ Nettle said. ‘Sarah, maybe, or...’ He trailed off at the look on the man’s face. There was silence between them for a long moment.
‘I’ve missed you too,’ John murmured with a sad smile, squeezing Sherlock’s hand before letting it go. ‘Come on, let’s get everything in for her.’
‘Well, you’re really not as terrifying as you pretend to be.’
‘Knows?’ John snorted. ‘She’s the same.’
‘Fuck,’ John muttered after a pause in which all that could be heard was their laboured breathing, falling to lie on top of Sherlock. ‘You’re incredible,’ he murmured, kissing the back of Sherlock’s neck, just over where he’d bruised it. With a groan, he reached up to undo Sherlock’s restraints and sat up, pulling Sherlock’s hands back into his lap and rubbing feeling back into his wrists. ‘You were so good, Sherlock, so perfect, so beautiful, absolutely gorgeous, I fucking love taking you apart like that, Jesus...’
‘You are always here.’ The merman smiles thinly and pats the rock he leans on. ‘Sit.’
‘God, Sherlock, you’re...’ John gasped and arched his back, maneuvering Sherlock by his waist, seeking the best angle for them both. ‘This still feels as though...’ He pulled back and pushed in again, the snap of his hips sharp. ‘I’m still not quite used to it again,’ he said breathlessly, crying out when Sherlock rested his feet flat on the bed and raised his hips off the mattress, allowing John to slide a couple of inches deeper.
‘Let him be, Mycroft, old chap,’ Gilchrist said, sauntering forwards. ‘Holmes the younger!’ he exclaimed when he came face to face with Sherlock. ‘I’ve heard all about you. Your brother’s very proud of you, you know, despite appearances.’ He grinned, his teeth pearly white, and offered his hand. ‘Giles Gilchrist. Pleasure.’
Set in the
‘I... I can’t.’ John shivers in the cold. The merman rises further out of the water to wrap his arms around John’s body.
‘That was it,’ John laughed. ‘That was it exactly.’
‘Victor.’ Sherlock reached out and tugged one of the elaborate passion flowers off the vine, bringing it to his nose and breathing its cloyingly sweet scent in. ‘My friend.’
‘Hello.’
‘Don’t
‘Hello, Doctor Watson,’ Sherlock said, squeezing one of John’s hands with both of his.
A plaintive cry sounded from the bushes at the edge of John’s garden. He frowned and turned back to the garden, hand resting against the doorframe as he listened. The cry came again.
‘Where is it you’re living?’
‘Couldn’t say. Light me a cigarette, would you?’
John raised his eyebrows and turned it over, tearing the seal at the back. ‘How are you feeling?’ he asked Sherlock as he unfolded the letter, who was now sitting at the kitchen table with a crossword. John ended up not hearing a word of Sherlock’s reply.
‘What are you doing here, Victor?’ John asked once they were standing opposite each other in the living room, still covered in Sherlock’s mess that John hadn’t got round to tidying up yet. Victor removed his sodden hat and glanced around, taking in the various bits of furniture and knick-knacks before answering.
Sherlock gasped raggedly at the unexpected hard blow. ‘
The London to Birmingham train rolled in to Bletchley station at five past ten, smoke billowing behind it. Sherlock jogged along the platform with the still-moving train, towards the second class coaches, glancing in each window until he saw a familiar silhouette, walking stick in hand, standing in front of one of the carriage doors.
‘They’re alright, Harry, they’ve had a long journey,’ John said, crouching down next to Harry and smiling at his niece and nephew. ‘Hug for your Uncle John, Nancy?’ Nancy wrapped her arms around his neck and clung tight.
The man nodded again, taking a shuddering breath inwards. Nettle noticed his milky-white forearms were bruised with a collection of marks ranging from deep purple to pale yellow.
Victor put his hat back on and lifted it to John before opening the door back onto the rain. ‘Thank you, John,’ he said with a small smile. ‘Really.’ He stepped down onto the pavement, his figure framed by the stack of sandbags on either side of him. ‘Cheerio, now.’
‘No, don’t be silly,’ Sherlock mumbled, having the good grace to look shame-faced. ‘Cigarette?’
A draught whistled into the room with a sudden gust of wind.
'Oh --
John shook his head. ‘Why I didn’t think to lock the door...’
Sighing, John clenched his jaw and went to change his shirt.
John’s right hand closed around Sherlock’s left on the ladder as he began to move with Sherlock, hips thrusting inexpertly. Whilst not being the innocent Sherlock was, John’s experience was limited to a few awkward fumbles in the rooms of Oxford colleges, as well as one best-forgotten night with a lad who worked at one of the city’s tea rooms during his first few weeks there. He gripped tightly onto Sherlock’s hand as his knees weakened from the sensation of being pressed so intimately against Sherlock, the same Sherlock who had seemed so distant and impossible earlier that day.
‘Likewise.’ She beamed at John and patted his shoulder, going to settle up with the driver.
‘Oh, right. Yeah. Of course,’ John said, eyebrows raised. ‘Silly me.’
‘I’m sorry.’
‘You can tell me about your medical ambitions,’ Mycroft said, rocking up onto the balls of his feet, his fingers occupied with re-folding his handkerchief and placing it back in his breast pocket.
‘No, but we are queer, and a rent boy turns up dead with a letter for you? People will talk.’
John sold fine cloaks and dresses at market.
‘Be my guest,’ Lestrade replied. ‘I’m not touching
‘Well, you’re back now, so you needn’t spend any more time missing us,’ Sherlock said, blowing a lungful of smoke above their heads before sipping his tea. His shin was pressed against the back of John’s calf underneath the table.
‘You know exactly what I mean, don’t give me that,’ John replied. ‘No picking fights with your brother or your mother or the children, or the help, or anyone else who happens to be there.’
‘Ooh, “fuck”? You must be angry,’ Sherlock said around his cigarette, looking altogether too pleased with himself.
John closed his eyes and continued to walk, releasing the smoke from between his lips. He pressed his hand over the right side of his breast, where Sherlock’s letters sat in a pocket, folded and dog-eared and stained with dirt and blood and tea.
‘It’s me, let me up.’ Sherlock’s hat was pulled down low over his face, his hands disappearing quickly into his pockets.
Sherlock walked slowly towards John in the half-light, grey jacket slung over his shoulder, only his shirt and an old mauve pullover a barrier between his skin and the slight chill. A cigarette dangled from his fingers and he inhaled from it leisurely as he carried on walking down the street, sidestepping children and a dog and a line of brown and green bottles lined up along the pavement.
Sherlock grinned back, wide and easy, curls tumbling over his brow.
‘I thought I made the fact that I never wanted to hear from you again perfectly clear, Mycroft.’
‘Dr. Watson,’ she replied with a smile, her wavy hair pinned back off her face, grey pleated skirt falling around her knees. She wore a white blouse with delicate faux-pearl buttons and carried her own doctor’s bag tightly in her right hand. They began to walk together up the steps to the station and street above, Molly occasionally licking her lipsticked mouth in a nervous gesture.
The noise that had until now been in the background began to escalate.
‘Ah,’ Sherlock whimpered, trying to move so that the sensation would just be
‘Your mad flatmate?’ Molly said with a grin.
‘Sorry, bijou,’ Moriarty purred, smiling as he stripped his jacket off, hanging it over another cubicle door and going over to join Freddie, leaving the stall door open. He sucked his thumb and pushed it into Freddie’s hole, along with Freddie’s two fingers. ‘I was ensuring we wouldn’t be disturbed.’
‘You’re right there,’ John agreed, smiling as Mrs Hudson staggered back over to them through the crowd and pressed an ale into each of their hands.
Sherlock closed the door firmly and went back upstairs.
‘I called in a favour,’ Sherlock said. ‘Still took me all day to get here.’
‘Sherlock Holmes,’ John murmured as Sherlock finally came to a stop, leaning against the wall and just smiling at John, his eyes wrinkled at the corners. ‘Well well.’
‘Oh, he’s not friends with the prime minister, Johnny--’
‘And I you.’ Sherlock squeezed John’s hand. ‘Go.’
‘How very wicked of me.’ Sherlock grinned and John laughed quietly, scratching at Sherlock’s scalp.
‘Almost seven.’
‘Thank you, dear.’ Once Sherlock’s cigarette was lit, John leant over the table to light Mrs Hudson’s for her. Cigarette hanging out of his mouth, Sherlock poured the tea, doing John’s last so it would be strongest. He added sugar to both his and John’s cups, along with a splash of milk for all three of them that John had made up from powder that morning.
‘Alright.’ John pressed the tips of his fingers to Sherlock’s palm before exiting the library, smoothing his hair down nervously as he walked into the sitting room where everyone waited, drinks in hand.
‘Sherlock!’
‘Stings,’ Sherlock replied.
John’s eyes travelled to where Sherlock’s chest was heaving up and down, before flicking his gaze back up to Sherlock’s parted, reddened lips.
They walked together in silence for a few minutes, the traffic and the crunching sounds of fallen leaves underfoot the only noise.
‘What if--’
‘Sometimes less. Good evening, Jimmy.’
‘It’s rather fitting, isn’t it? Disappearing all of a sudden... it’s almost like it was never there.’
‘I love you,’ John whispered, curling his hand around Sherlock’s. ‘You’ve got terrible taste in acquaintances, but I do, I love you.’
‘Yes.’ John cleared his throat and dropped his voice after catching the young woman’s eye. ‘Keep your voice down.’
‘Alright?’ John asked quietly, cupping Sherlock’s jaw and tilting his head back gently.
‘Oi, have a bit of respect,’ John said, turning to frown at Sherlock. ‘It’s easy for you and all of your clever chums to sneer when you’ve never slept in a trench or been shot at.’
Sherlock grimaced when John dabbed gently at the blood around the cut on his cheek with the wet cloth.
‘What can I do? What can I do to make this right?’ Mycroft asked, his voice tinged with a hint of desperation.
The man dipped into his pocket and offered his near-full packet of cigarettes into the darkness. The owner of the voice - a young lad with a made-up face - stepped towards the man, looking prettily up at him through his eyelashes.
John folded the letter and tucked it inside the breast pocket of his uniform. His shoulder twinged, the pain of it sending him sick and dizzy. He couldn’t let on, though. He couldn’t let on he was injured. He’d be left behind, then where would he be? On a fucking beach in France with a lump of shrapnel embedded in his shoulder, left to rot. It would be fixed as soon as he was back home. Everything would be alright.
The dying light cast a hazy glow over the bedroom, the sounds of the street party leaking in through the thin windows, the curtains drawn over half of the pane. John guided Sherlock away from his chest and sat up, getting rid of his tie, shirt and vest before tugging his trousers down. Sherlock had thrown his clothes to the floor on his side of the bed and was sprawled on his back, throwing his legs open once he’d wrestled his trousers and pants off.
‘Long the skies were overcast, but now the clouds have passed, you’re here at last...’
The clock in the hallway struck for half past eight.
A half-smile pulled at Sherlock’s lips. ‘Doctors? Detectives?’ he said. ‘Well, good job we want nothing to do with people in return, then,’ he drawled, inhaling deeply from his cigarette as he stretched his legs out, languid, cat-like.
‘Dinner is nearly ready,’ Mycroft said curtly, turning on his heel and leaving the library.
Sherlock grew ill. Sherlock grew tired.
Something had to be done.
‘I can’t believe it’s been as long as it has, old boy,’ Victor said, grasping Sherlock’s hand in both of his.
‘That the sort of company you keep, is it?’
Admitting to that sort of weakness, that level of
‘I’ll give you a shilling if you go away.’
John smiled and leant back against the arm of his chair. ‘He still doesn’t.’
Mycroft looked down at the carpet.
John smiled, his eyes wrinkling at the corners.
‘Oh, good.’ They set off down the main road, heading for the nearby residential streets. ‘I was worried you would be. I was slightly delayed at home.’
For a few seconds, John stood in front of the bench, frozen in place.  A cloud of smoke billowed from where the bomb had hit and the first wild shriek from inside the soupy grey layers was enough to spur John into action. His stick fell from his hand and he ran forwards, shielding his eyes with his forearm.
Gasping, Moriarty released the boy’s throat and sat back, his chest heaving. He gave himself a moment to recover and combed his hair back into place, staring up at the flickering fluorescent light overhead. He pulled out of the body on the floor and cleaned himself up with some tissue, buttoning his slacks up and tucking his shirt back in.
‘Fashionably,’ Sherlock returned, tilting his head back for a kiss. ‘Don’t try telling me that wasn’t worth it.’
‘Take me there.’
‘Sherlock in?’ Harry asked, ushering the children to sit at the kitchen table.
‘Johnny, is that you?’ Mrs Watson called from the crowded living room at the front of the cottage.
He sipped his long-cold tea before dropping his cigarette into the chipped, mint-green cup. It extinguished with a hiss. Sherlock blew on the ink to dry it and then folded the letter, stuffing it into an envelope. He composed a P.S. in his head.
‘Eight in total,’ Molly confirmed as they turned a corner onto a slightly narrower road, still bearing bomb damage over a decade old. Children with skinned knees ran in and out of the rubble, singing in high-pitched voices as they chased after one another.
John slips down to the cove most nights, now. The fishing village in which he lives is sound asleep when John sneaks out of his parents’ cottage, torch in hand, to scramble across the pebbled beach down to where the merman waits.
‘You only eat once a day?’
John met Sherlock at Euston on Saturday morning.
‘You say that as though he won’t figure it out,’ John said with a laugh.
And with that, coattails sweeping behind him, Sherlock vanished into the crowd.
‘It isn’t though, is it?’ John said, looking off into the middle distance, far away over the sea.
‘Delicate flower like him, I’m not bloody surprised,’ Lestrade grumbled, giving the boy a look of utter contempt. John’s hands faltered in his inspection of the body.
It was a Saturday morning and the street was filled with people going in and out of the shops that lined the main road. A tram whirred past as John and Sherlock crossed the road, Sherlock leading.
They’d not done this before, not yet, not while this was still new and fragile and exhilarating and wonderful. But from what John was growling into Sherlock’s ear between kisses, it was largely down to the jeans - the jeans that John hadn’t let Sherlock take off, tugging them down just enough so that John could slide his palm inside after licking it and curl it around Sherlock’s prick, squeezing, teasing, hot and filthy and yes, yes,
'Sorry, Mr. Holmes,' Verity said quietly, glancing back up at him. 'Would you like to come in? There's a machine free, rather more people took leave than the boss expected...'
‘Please, please hit me, John,’ Sherlock gabbled, ‘please.’
‘You ought to take care of that,’ John murmured, glancing up at Sherlock briefly before returning his eyes to Sherlock’s leg. ‘Wouldn’t want it to scar.’
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and began his deductions. ‘He’s very rich, keeps his cash in a roll in his jacket pocket, do you see that bulge, there?’ he murmured, pointing at where Gilchrist’s jacket stuck out from his chest. ‘You must split your winnings with me should he leave his jacket unattended.’
Mycroft didn’t lift his eyes from the ground.
‘Case,’ Sherlock exclaimed as soon as he heard the bell, jumping up, dressing gown flying behind him.
‘All that time inside and you’ve been fine. You’ve been fine and safe and comfortable here and I...’
There was a moment of silence between the two of them.
A week later, a letter dropped onto the mat in the hallway downstairs. Sherlock, who had been ordered to remain in London for a fortnight to convalesce, brought it up to the flat after one of his frequent exercises to try and ease the dull pain he felt when he did anything more strenuous than sit still and occasionally read a paper (four cases solved this week and counting).
‘Here.’ Sherlock handed John the envelope. John snatched it away, stalking into the flat, tearing it open. His eyes scanned across it far faster than he could actually read, not that there was much text to make sense of. It was a postcard advertisement for Lyons’ Tea.
The initials and date were printed neatly in midnight blue ink.
John lifted his head to listen. ‘George Formby.’
‘Shirt off,’ John ordered, and Sherlock’s hands leapt to obey, fumbling as he undid the buttons, much to his chagrin. He never
Sherlock turned and stared at Victor, eyes cold. ‘Why are you here?’
‘Well, how are they?’
Mrs Holmes waved her hands, the light refracting off her rings. ‘Don’t you mind, Doctor Watson. You’re both here now and the staff have put lunch back until quarter past one, so you’ve still time for a drink.’ She cupped Sherlock’s face in her hands again and stood on tiptoe to kiss his forehead. ‘There’s my darling boy. I’ve missed you.’
‘I’m sorry!’ Sherlock shouted back, clutching one of the thin sheets to himself as he stood and moved towards John. ‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I love you, don’t, please don’t--’
‘And I said I have to go,’ John replied. ‘I have to go but I’ll come back to you before you know it.’
Sherlock remained silent, pouring himself a fresh glass of the sweet, sticky drink his mother had had prepared.
Chapter title is from
‘Get him down to Barts for me,’ Sherlock said to Lestrade, motioning towards the body as John removed his gloves and stood up. ‘I shall stay behind whilst he’s being transported, pick up whatever your lot have inevitably missed.’
‘I’m good at managing the impossible.’ Sherlock was almost breathless as he pushed John down onto the bed and climbed on top of him, shoving John’s vest up to press his lips to John’s lightly furred chest. ‘
, this is--’
‘No matter, guv,’ he said. ‘I’m really only here to drop these off.’
‘Thank you,’ John murmured, glancing at the woman before taking his hat out of his lap and placing it on the table next to Sherlock’s coat. She smiled, tucking the tray under her arm before going back behind the counter. ‘You’re quite right, let’s never do this again,’ John said, heaping sugar into their cups, sitting back to let the tea brew.
little look you get on your face when you’re about to--’
To have bitten off the matter with a smile,
Victor walked upstairs at a sedate pace, waiting for John to gesture into the flat before he went inside.
‘Afraid not.’
‘So fucking sexy, you’ve no idea,’ John rasped, licking down the curve of Sherlock’s ear. ‘You’ve no
‘What’s that that’s playing outside?’
‘John!’ Sherlock cried, and he’d done it again, God only knew how John had done it again, managed to get him loose and calm and distracted and entirely unexpecting of what he knew, he
me, Mycroft, I’m not twelve years old anymore. What do you want?’
, you’re such a good boy, Sherlock, such a good boy,’ he said quietly, rubbing Sherlock’s now bright red skin, his fingertips ghosting over the abused flesh.
Sherlock shouted and tensed, fingers digging into John’s shoulders as he gritted his teeth.
‘You really don’t understand, do you?’ Sherlock frowned, shaking his head, and put his hand on the doorknob. ‘Leave,’ he said. ‘And I’m sure one of your superiors wouldn’t be happy if I told them you’re wasting government resources on having your sodomite brother followed about. There is a war on, after all.’ He opened the door onto the deep darkness of the blacked-out street. ‘Leave me alone.’
‘I hardly think the hallway is an appropriate place for a conversation.’
‘Oh, and I suppose he had every right to make you look a damn fool, then, did he?’
'Stop it,' John said firmly, kissing Sherlock again. 'Don't get yourself worked up over nothing, I knew, I always knew, even though you never said it. It doesn't matter now, alright? It doesn't matter.'
‘That’s it, guv,’ John heard Nettle say, as though from far away. A blanket was brought up, enough to cover his shoulders. ‘You go to sleep. Don’t worry about a thing. It’s all going to be alright. Everything’s going to be fine.’
The twins were making a terrible racket in the nursery, which was next to the bathroom which Sherlock liked to use best. He’d bathed and was currently shaving, nicking himself occasionally with every surprise bang or squeal from next door. After the third tiny patch of blood welled up on his jaw, Sherlock strode over to the common wall between the bathroom and the nursery and slammed his palm against it several times.
‘Don’t.’ John inhaled greedily, closing his eyes as the smoke filled his lungs.
True to his word, Sherlock lay entirely naked in the centre of their bed, propped up against a stack of pillows, idly stroking himself. ‘That was an unacceptable amount of time to keep me waiting--’
‘Yes,’ John said to himself, shaking his head as he followed. ‘Yes, you are.’
Sherlock turned to appeal to his brother, his grip tightening on John’s arm, who was himself arguing with the Inspector.
‘Here,’ John said, handing Sherlock a cup of coffee by its saucer. He sat down on the edge of the bath, which Sherlock was in, the water just reaching the top of his thighs.
‘I saw him,’ he murmured. ‘I saw him with my own eyes.’
‘Good boy,’ Moriarty grunted, hips moving in short, aggressive thrusts. ‘Perfect little bitch, perfect, perfect...’ His hand at Freddie’s neck moved so that his fingers were wrapped around the boy’s throat, obscuring the delicate, freckled skin. Freddie moaned and bent down to beg a kiss, lips slack and wet with saliva. ‘That’s right,’ Moriarty whispered as he licked his way into Freddie’s mouth. He tightened his grip. Freddie continued the kiss for a few seconds, but then began to squirm, panicked.
Checking his watch (twenty-five past twelve), John glanced up and smiled when he saw Sherlock walking towards him. He was a distance away yet but his stride and coat were unmistakable amongst the crowd against the backdrop of the row of shops. John stood and held his hand up to attract Sherlock’s attention, waving.
Mike smiled at John.  “Were you pretending to be a woman like Sherlock?”
the banana peels and boric acid have now got to is a question that remains unanswered.  John’s primary concern was that they not be in the bathtub, and they weren’t, so he didn’t bother pursuing that line any further.  This may come back to bite him at some point.
Sherlock bid farewell to Mike and then disappeared.
Brits eat, on average, more than 25 pounds of bananas per year.
to come see your goddaughter, just let me know.”
John pushed aside a stab of guilt that he’d had so much leisure time while other doctors had been working.  He’d quarantined for safety, and he’d be back out in the thick of it soon.  Not the thick of it, actually; more like the suburbs of the thick of it, given he still worked at a GP surgery.  He really should look seriously at re-certifying for A&E.
“Right.  They’re called safewords.  One easy system is the traffic light:  green for continue, yellow for pause, and red for stop.”
Sherlock rolled over, elongated his entire body like a cat, then propped his head up on a bent arm.  “It doesn’t take someone with my deductive powers to conclude that those activities did, in fact, occur.”
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to Sherlock in the lounge as they walked toward their chairs for some post-Rosie-bedtime relaxation.
Icon: (Default)
“And?” Mike prompted, voice full of anticipation.
work; you’re the genius.”
That was not what the call was about.
“The nefarious ‘high jinks’ of a supposed Tiger King, inspired by the recent documentary.”
Arsehole.  Amazing, but an absolute arsehole.  John turned to Mike to gauge his reaction.
The man looked over John’s left shoulder.  “Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you.”  He handed John’s phone back before taking a mug from a woman in a lab coat.  “What happened to the lipstick?”
Yes.  Seriously.
“On the telly?  I can’t remember the last time I watched telly.”
John then stumbled ham-fistedly through a horrid explanation that while he was quite keen on cake and did feel its absence acutely, he only wanted cheesecake, not chocolate cake, and yes, he was absolutely sure even though he’d never actually eaten chocolate cake because the thought of it did absolutely nothing for his, ehem, taste buds.
Sure enough, Sherlock’s phone was charging on the nightstand.  John leaned against the dresser and sighed.  “And you didn’t tell me about this why?”
“Any other options?  You can drop from the list any that exclude adopting Rosie, obviously.”
“Why wouldn’t you,” agreed John.
“And about me,” Sherlock continued, “you have more than a modicum of information as well.  For example, you know I’m a man.”
“I haven’t seen this month’s bank statements yet, but unless there’s been a huge payment--”
“Er, here,” he said, fishing his phone out of his back pocket.  “Use mine.”
“It was quite odd,” John continued.  “You were in it, sort of.  You were a tiger cub.  Do you remember what a
Sherlock Holmes drools in his sleep.
Mood: none or Other
‘Alice’ was turned away as he approached, facing her companions dressed as The Mad Hatter and as a sexy black bunny that was probably meant to be the White Rabbit.  “Um, hi,” John said to ‘Alice’ with a bashful smile.
“Yes.  A mid-30s newly invalided soldier, bar, suit, makeup, wig, with an anticipatory expression that wavers between hopeful and sceptical.  This is an experience the soldier hasn’t tried before.  Given the soldier’s age, it’s unlikely that it’s being in a bar that’s the new experience, and confident handling of both a surly bartender and a pint of beer confirm that that’s not it.  It could be the experience of approaching women to, er, pull, once again unlikely due to age, but a short conversation with yours truly puts the lie to that.  So we go back to the makeup, wig, and women’s suit, all of which the soldier is clearly unused to wearing… until a mission is tendered, at which time the soldier relaxes into her true self and performs admirably.”
Sherlock had just finished adjusting John’s tie, hands still on the knot.  John was looking at nothing, focused inward, thinking how the pleasant weather outside matched his mood, satisfied and warm and something that could probably be called happy, and so he missed the changing of Sherlock’s expression that must have presaged his words.
Sherlock lay atop a small pile of bricks, sprawled on his front, coat twisted around his limp form. ‘John,’ he murmured, gritting his teeth and rolling onto his back just as John fell to his knees beside him. ‘
work.’
Sighing, Sherlock opened the new pack and picked out a cigarette, lighting it himself. ‘We’re never doing this again, good God,’ he muttered.
John pulled Sherlock down into a fierce kiss, pushing at Sherlock's torso until their positions were reversed and John was on top of Sherlock, kneeling in between his strong, long legs, bare of any nightclothes, as was usual. 'I hate you,' John whispered, grabbing the tin of petroleum jelly off the bedside table, coating two fingers and sliding both steadily into Sherlock, who spread his legs wider, eyes fluttering closed, sinful mouth falling open. ‘You’re demanding and infuriating and--’
“Me?”
John dropped his arm and placed his water glass firmly on the table.  “Are you trying to piss me off?”
“In a war zone.”
It was like that scene in
A tiny smile started playing around Sherlock’s lips.  “Yes, and it's working quite nicely.”
“Sad to say I overlooked it too, pig.  When I came back and saw you in the finery they’d dressed you in, I thought, well of course he’d prefer it that way.  But you don’t, do you?  You want to be back where you belong, naked in the hay at my feet.”
John shifted in his chair.  He’d meant this call to focus on the dream, but this was an opening he needed to take.   “I know you are.  I’m still amazed you were able to help me so often when Rosie was younger.  I, um, can’t tell you how much I appreciate it.”
Mike smiled and nodded.  “Yeah. He’s always like that.”
Looking perplexed again, Sherlock asked, “I was at…?”
is an excellent choice; coming right up.”  He pulled the book from the bookcase and began to read.  “In the light of the moon, a little egg lay on a leaf.”
getting plenty of glances.”
As Sherlock transformed back, Mike asked, “And Sherlock, why did you think John’s a woman?”
, when John hasn’t had “partnered sex” in a while, John gets shirty, tetchy, fractious. Like a bear with a sore head.
, not because you’re being stupid.”
By the time the statements had been taken, the t’s crossed and the i’s dotted, the last train home had long since departed, and John and Sherlock took the very last room at the local inn.  That the room had only one bed was immaterial, as Sherlock insisted he’d be up the entire night filing the details of the crime away in his cranium and John was knackered enough to sleep through the end of the world.  Barely got his boots off and bam, head to pillow, sawing logs as the Americans say.
“Recovering addict, and I’ve
“Did you ask Sherlock to help?”
“You know, I can’t remember.”
“Thank you.  But if I ever, well, disappear on you again like that, will you please toss me in your boot and bring me back?”
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to Rosie, who was sitting on the floor of their shared room playing with dolls and stuffies.  The dolls looked to be having either an orgy or a rugby scrum, and John had officially been in quarantine too long if he was ascribing sexual thoughts to his toddler daughter’s playthings.
Show this entry to: Private (Just You)
“Because a brat being disciplined might have a red bum I want to comment on. In some detail.”
“Rnmfn,” said Sherlock.
Haughty little nose in the air, Sherlock continued, “Do you have enough experience to know?”
you know about Afghanistan?” John asked, but Sherlock ignored him.
“The difference?” asked Sherlock, wiggling enticingly.
John laughed at the very plausible idea of Sherlock conducting just such a poll.  “No.  Went online to an LGBTQ+  ‘questioning’ discussion forum during meal break at the surgery.”
This case…  I’d love to write this case up proper on the regular blog, but the Queen has asked that I not.  The
Sherlock’s surprise was only slightly less expressed than it had been at John’s confession of love.  The blank stare didn’t last nearly as long, though.  “You want me to take legal responsibility for your daughter through her lifetime.”
