“Do I ever like sticking around after a case? We got a bunker now. I wanna go home, see Mom, cook some burgers, drink some beer.  You know, relax. This ain’t about Lisa.”
Cas expected Dean to yell at him right away. He sits on their bed, very still, while Dean carefully closes the door, checks the locks and then slowly starts pulling off his clothes. Jacket, undershirt, boots, socks, pants. He folds them all carefully while standing in his underwear, his back to Cas as he stacks his clothes neatly into his duffle bag.
“An attractive
Cas feels as though the air is being sucked out of his lungs when Dagon replies, “Righteous Man.”
“Friend?” Jason asks, incredulous. “What friend?” Cas tries not to feel offended. He’s read parenting books. The books say teenagers often don’t consider their parents (or godparents, in his case) lead full lives of their own.
, he scolds himself.
Dean doesn’t know how to respond to that. The mechanics of angelic grace are beyond him, so he’s not sure how to comfort Cas here. He decides to try anyway, tentatively resting hand on Cas’s knee.
“Yes,
“I’d rather leave Claire out of my life,” he’d said, and Dean had to strongly resist the urge to punch him in the face.
“He took it to heart,” John says. “Whenever Sam would cry, Dean would come find whoever was holding him and sit next to them and say, ‘It’s okay, Sammy, I’m here,’ over and over.”
“Please,” the woman says, and her voice cracks. “If you’re out there and listening, please bring Dean home. He’s just a little boy.” Tears roll down her cheeks, and her face contorts as she struggles not to cry. “He loves his brother and cars and playing with his friends. He’s sweet and gentle, and he should be with his family. He needs his mother. Please—”
“Balthazar is right.” He looks at his brother, and Balthazar turns his head away. “Dean—” He feels like he’s choking on the name. “He could easily want Chuck dead.”
The conversation, halted by the sharp
“No, you saw his body perfectly replicated as an angelic vessel for the seraph Castiel.”
Sam just never knows when to stop prodding.
“Dean,” he says, and it’s so soft Dean’s certain he couldn’t hear it if they weren’t so close. “I don’t know... I — Life on Earth has not been easy on me, especially — alone.” Cas reaches down and fists a handful of the bedspread, and Dean watches him search for his next words, almost afraid to breathe in the silence if it might make Cas freeze on him again. “The last three years have been lonely, to put it mildly. I did meet kind humans who gave me work or shelter or food, and I do have a life now...” He chuckles humorlessly. “Well, you’d probably not call cleaning rental homes by day and waiting tables by night a life, but I pay my own bills and my landlady likes me and my regulars are happy to see me and sometimes I hunt...” He trails off. “But I do it all alone, when I used to have a constant stream of voices in my head, talking to me, praising our Father, singing songs. And even when they left me, I still had you.”
“Go on,” Dean says, shooing the teenagers out in front of him. He spares a backward glance at the woods as he ushers them to the car, and he swears he sees it — the light, suspended over the ground at the edge of the wood behind them.
Sometimes Dean forgets that he loves his kid brother so much he once sold his soul for him, and he just wants to strangle Sam. He can only be thankful that most innuendos fly right over Cas’s head.
Dagon’s mouth turns down in a considering smirk. “True. It’s more personal for you, too, I’d imagine. But you’re not even the Halo I’d want.”
“Neither of us were watching Dean the way we should have,” John says. He has a soft-spoken voice, but there’s an edge to it when he talks about his eldest son. “Sam had colic real bad as a baby, and it was acting up that day. She was rocking him, and I was just reading the grocery list and trying to get us out of there as soon as possible. Dean kept getting distracted by the little cars in the toy aisle, and I remember telling him, ‘No, you have enough toys at home.’
Dean shrugs, the corner of his mouth tipping up in obvious pride.
His hands shook when he gave Robin her tape, and they kept shaking when she kissed him on the cheek. She didn’t ask what songs he included, and he doesn’t know if she ever listened to it. Two days later, Dad came to pick him up from Sonny’s, and that was that. The most normal period of Dean’s life, cut short by the sound of the Impala’s idling engine.
Lisa looks at Dean like there’s something about him she doesn’t understand. Dean shifts uncomfortably, smile falling.
This is Lisa, the one woman Dean ever actually had a shot at a real life with, back from where he buried her in his mind. And her hand is on Cas’s arm like it’s no big deal, like it belongs there.
“We have to stop it,” Cas says. “We can’t let them keep hurting people on the highway.”
“You’re lucky Jack didn’t come back right then.”
“Sam? Eileen?” he manages to ask, noting with a small smile that Cas is now actually tucking him in, pulling the blankets back up and around him.
Sam thinks, out of nowhere, and his head starts to ache as another bolt, too close, fills the dining room with light.
,” Cas insists, but he says it so obnoxiously Dean must know he’s joking. “I’m considering a hostile takeover of Roman Inc.” Dean starts, eyes wide. “Look, I know he’s not just some snake oil salesman of diet products. The Hellfire video made that clear. Maybe he made a good point — Roman needs to go down. I have the money to make it happen. And Claire is the most self-righteous person I know, other than you. She pushed her way into helping.”
Dean shrugs.
for the first time in my life.” Cas closes his eyes. “Dean made it fun. He could make anything into a game, could make a joke out of any situation. I realized I actually liked him when I wasn’t being forced to do drills with him. He was—” Cas has never talked about Dean Winchester to anyone. He barely remembers his face or his voice, but he remembers how Dean made him
He’s lost count. The light above the sink starts to flicker. Cas’s nose is bleeding again. He rubs at the blood, and it smears across his cheek in a certain way that calls to mind a certain memory.
Cas swallows. Sam watches him, uncharacteristically quiet.
Now Dean,
He chews on his sandwich thoughtfully, and James just stares at him. Dean almost says something snippy about basic social skills and the lack thereof, but James did make him lunch. He swallows, guilty.
“You think Cas’d like this?” Dean asks Sam, twirling the feather between two fingers.
“You were angry, I know,” Cas rushes in. “We didn’t part well, after Sam and the cage and the archangels. I didn’t perceive the complications my departure would cause at the time. But you didn’t have to pray directly for me to sense when you were, um, longing. For me.”
Then he turns back to Dean.
Dean gets lost in work, so Cas keeps bringing him to the park office and he stops asking questions when Bobby slips Dean wads of cash right under his nose. He watches Dean and Bobby scarf down the sandwiches he made in the office kitchen, grimacing as they chew with their mouths open, arguing (again) over what brand of part they need to order to fix the generator. Dean’s sandwich is dripping mustard onto his notepad, but he doesn’t seem to notice, too busy scribbling down why he thinks the more expensive part will work better in the long run.
“This might hurt,” he says uselessly, because no doubt Cas knows that already. Dean’s heard him crying out in pain more than once in the past few days, and it cuts him every time.
The streets of the small town emptied of cars as the sun went down, and the storefront windows shuttered at exactly five p.m. Cas can’t remember the name of the place they’re in, but it reminds him of Rexford. A strangely vindictive part of him wants to ask Dean to take him back there. It’s so close. Only an hour or so drive away. Maybe he’ll ask Dean to leave him there at the Gas-N-Sip again, try to get his old job back, pretend to be human while he waits for his meager grace to heal. Just to see how Dean would react.
He doesn’t want to see Turner, but he does want to know where Dean is. He follows the intern through the middle of the room, keeping his eyes straight ahead as they pass rows of confounded reporters. At the top of the stairs, Rufus Turner is already waiting for them.
Dean hears cows mooing as he reaches the edge of the wood, and he has yet to spot anything unusual or unnatural. He turns to walk the length of the trees, staying close to the border of the open land so he feels less trapped. He can’t shake the feeling he’s being watched, and the hairs along his arms and the back of his neck stand up. He pauses, sweeping his flashlight around the trees.
She’s waiting for him atop the police headquarters, hands in her pockets as she looks out over the city. He glides in on his wings, landing lightly behind her. Mills doesn’t turn around as she says, “I believe we have a problem.”
“Dean.” That deep voice holds the threat of a storm. Dean usually feels way better about himself when Cas says his name, but not this time. “If you think I’m an inadequate partner for your brother, then you should at least afford me the courtesy of saying it in as many words.”
“Dean,” he starts, then stops. They both sit frozen in the truck, Dean swiping at his tears. “I’m so sorry.” What else is there to say? Life is bitterly unfair.
He closes his eyes and thinks,
Dead.
“Why, are you ashamed or something?” Sam snaps, and Dean risks their lives for a few seconds to turn and glare at him.
The Winchesters watch their significant others take coffee with a worried husband from across a cluttered café. Sam sips his drink and Dean tries to stomp down the urge to go over there and take charge once more than 20 minutes have passed.
“Please! We need to get out of here!” she says, tripping over her words in a rushed panic, eyes darting from Dean’s face to the gun. Now that she’s at the window Dean can see the tears streaking down her face. “Please, take me out of here!”
It was Eileen’s idea for Sam to stay with Dean instead of her.
, jerk,” Sam mutters. “I’m signing to her.”
Dean and Sam drove off an hour earlier, headed out to the “accident” sites to scope out any potential clues. Sam wanted to split up — he would take the mill, he said, and Dean could go further up the river to the spot in the woods where Melanie Cross’s car was found. Sam suggested bringing Cas, too, and dropping him off at the site where hikers stumbled across Lacey Park’s body eight years earlier.
The waiter comes by to take their order, and Sam and Lisa both ask for salad. Dean orders tortellini, and Cas is left to decide on a meal he’s not sure he’ll be able to eat. His hunger is a fickle thing, and it never takes much to satisfy it.
“Right,” Bobby says uneasily. “The problem is, I have a partner, Dean. Rufus is willing to let the kids off the hook ‘cause they’re kids, but he’s not willing to keep paying you to guard our crap against a whole lotta nothing. And even I know it doesn’t make any financial sense.”
Dean hangs up, knowing full well he can call Sam back later, and sprints toward the light. It grows brighter, bigger as he nears, and Dean shouts “Hey! What the hell are you doing!” even though it’s reckless to confront someone he can’t see.
“We have a potluck at the station every summer to thank our donors, and the first year he’s working there, Cas brings in this casserole that looks, well, normal.”
There had to have been a mole.
“Yes, Dean,” he says instead, and Dean’s eyes narrow. “I’m just — still adjusting. Losing Jack was...” He can’t even finish the thought.
“Do you have any idea how far we’ve tracked you?” the adult angel asks. “When we first heard the rumors we thought it couldn’t be true; it couldn’t just resurface. After all this time? And now...” He laughs, and suddenly a blade appears in his hand. “Well, now we know you survived after all, though that won’t be true for much longer.”
“I don’t know how you accept the things done to you,” Mary tells Ellen, watching Eileen take off across the field toward them. Dean, Sam and Castiel hang back. “And I don’t know how you make up for the things you did to others.”
“C’mon,” he mutters. Pa is talking to some of the men in the corner, and he’s worried he’ll be dragged into some boring discussion about new training exercises or resource allocation if he doesn’t get out of here quickly. “I thought we were going to the spot.”
Zorro’s smile falters. “Yeah, you probably did.”
As he turns to attend to his angry cat, Dean says, “It’s not your fault, man.” Cas looks back over his shoulder, and Dean shrugs. “You can’t rescue everyone.”
“I hope so, too.” Cas smiles at him. It’s a brilliant smile, gummy and tender. No one else, not even Lisa, has ever looked at him like that — like he’s something incredible, someone worth something. Dean doesn’t even realize they’re staring at each other until Bobby clears his throat. They both jump. Cas is blushing, and Dean thinks
Or Cas is the guy, the angel, who watched over her home for a year. Watched her cook meals with Dean, laugh with Ben, do little dances around the kitchen when she thought no one was watching. It feels like a terrible, terrible invasion of privacy now, but at the time Cas had thought nothing of keeping guard over the Braeden household when he could get away from the war in Heaven. He only thought of making sure Dean was still safe, still living the life Sam instructed him to live.
He hates that. Sam should have died ages ago, and he knows it. He shouldn’t have ever hit 30. That fact that he’s here now, still alive at 62, feels like a goddamn miracle. It’s an achievement few other hunters surpass. It’s something to feel proud of.
He comes in after the lunch rush has faded. The waitresses — two teenage girls and an older woman with her hair in a bun — are sitting in a corner booth, rolling utensils into paper napkins. One of the teenagers rolls her eyes when she spots him, but the older woman smiles, the skin around the corner of her eyes crinkling.
He’d still missed.
“Dean, if you’re so worried, maybe...” Sam pauses, switches tactics. “If this is about what Amara did...”
“Understandable. And I am. Sorry, I mean.”
“Little bit, yeah.”
The flash of red in Crowley’s eyes signifies victory to Cas.
“Fuck,” Dean says, tears in his eyes, and Cas feels a vicious stab of self-loathing. “He’ll find me.”
“I saw the future, Dean. He saves us. All of us.”
“He’s not Dean Campbell,” Leahy says. “Reidy already pulled up the missing children’s database on the drive back.” She takes her phone out and opens it to a photo of a FBI missing persons poster. The picture on the left is of a small, blond child with a bowl haircut and wide green eyes, and the picture on the right… it’s computerized, an image aged-up to show what the child might look like at present. But it’s still strikingly familiar, down to the freckles and the smile. “His name is Dean Winchester. The Campbells are his grandparents, not his parents. And he was kidnapped in 1983, Cas. He’s been missing for
“But humans need angelic help to harness it,” he says. “That’s why almost no one ever gets their hands on any — angels don’t want to help us.” He sees the way Cas’s eyes drift sadly downward at that statement, and he quickly adds, “At least, most don’t.”
“So you came here.”
It’s not what he meant to say, but Dean can’t stop the words from tumbling out, putting his new fears on display.
Even though Sam deserves to rot in this town bumming rides from the local beat cops for his super obvious comments about Dean and Cas, Dean decides to throw him a bone. This time. At least it will spare him the back ache he now gets from too many hours in the Impala.
When Dean opens his eyes, Cas’s are right there, blue and serene as he says, “I love you, Dean.”
Dean’s lips pull back as he snarls, “What the hell did you do to yourself?”
“Why?” Eve asked, a plea as much as a question.
Sam wants to know what his brother said to James Novak — the conversation certainly wasn’t long; he watched Dean walk in and back out of the room in less than five minutes. But surely something about it must have thrown Dean off, off enough to agree to sleep anywhere near Seth Lucas, off enough to speak to his unknown entity with Sam lying in bed right across the room from him.
“I don’t want anyone to misunderstand me.” Dean leans forward in his chair, one hand gesturing loosely as he talks. Cas finds himself leaning forward as well. “Donating money to charitable causes is an honorable thing. I guess my problem is with the hypocrisy of it all. I mean, do we need to have wine imported from France and steak imported from Brazil in a ridiculously oversized mansion while this city closes a third of its homeless shelters due to lack of funding and people starve in the streets? Purgatory has the greatest wealth distribution imbalance of any city in this country, and the Shurley Foundation puts it on perfect display every year. The Shurley family doesn’t even run their own charity — they outsourced their board decisions to an independent management firm almost a decade ago, and now they’re so uninvolved I’d bet they don’t even know where half the money donated to their foundation actually goes.”
“What is this place?” Dean asks, eyeing the rusted chair dubiously. “Are you gonna give me tetanus?”
He holds it out toward Cas, shrugging. Cas could almost laugh, he’s so relieved.
Dean tries to copy her, and her hands are gentle when she corrects him, pulling the right fingers into place.
Cas doesn’t know what possessed him to invite Dean into his bed the night before. Some temporary madness, perhaps.
Then he does hang up, turning his phone off for good measure. Sam goes over to his bed and flops onto it, legs dangling off the edge. It’s not a comfortable position, but Sam’s not really used to being comfortable. He spent too much of his life getting dragged across the country on a revenge quest he didn’t understand, being used up by supernatural forces and spat back out again, watching his brother and all his friends and loved ones die over and over and over to get used to comfort of any kind. And all of it, all that pain, was set in motion by a woman he couldn’t remember.
“I love you.” Dean looks at Cas, and his small smile is huge now, gummy and wide. Dean’s never seen anything like it. He didn’t even know Cas knew how to work that particular muscle group. Dean’s going to throw up. He’s going to cry. He is definitely smiling back and completely ignoring the road. “Dean, pull over.”
Lisa bites her lip and looks him over. Cas waits for her to pass judgment.
“Dude,” Sam says once his wife is gone, “what’s our plan for defending this place if we have to? We’ve got like four or five guns and the demon knife, some table salt maybe, basic repelling wards, three hunters and a busted-up angel.”
Grace is a complicated power, and it takes many forms. Usually it fits neatly inside a human body, controllable in short bursts of energy with concentrated effort. An expert user can start to warp Grace, manipulate it to do other things beyond telekinesis — sensory heightening, physical healing, even short-range teleportation in extremely rare cases. When you lose control over it — or let loose of it — it will try to escape your body. Uncontrolled Grace can flatten cities. Chuck used to warn them against letting go. “When you get very, very angry or upset,” he said, “it will burst out of you if you let it. It can kill others. It can kill you. You have to master it. You have to shape it. Don’t let it shape you.”
“Cas!” Jack’s voice, coming from somewhere behind Alastair.
Cas stares at his profile, dismayed. Leahy keeps a poker face, though he hears the doubt in her voice when she says, “Alright. I’ll go talk to the brass.” She stands and collects the photos. “You’ll hear from me soon.”
It’s been a week since they discussed telling Leahy everything, and Dean still hasn’t brought it up again, so Cas is holding his tongue. She texted him this morning to say she’s got a new lead, and he hasn’t told Dean yet. He wants to make sure it’s not another dead end before he drags Dean back into that vulnerable headspace. He’s watched his phone all afternoon, but Leahy hasn’t texted again.
It starts out brutal, his hips slapping against Dean’s ass at a punishing pace. Dean moans, one hand going up to brace himself against the headboard. Cas has excellent stamina, and he could keep this up all night, but then Dean has to go and stare at him. He holds eye contact steadily, even as he starts to breathe harder, jerking when Cas nails his prostate.
“Ranger Novak.” Cas can’t quite make out whether her tone of voice is sharp or simply formal. “I need to discuss Dean’s release paperwork and insurance coverage. I’ll have to ask you to step out.”
“They’re both so intelligent,” John says. “Sam is going to be a lawyer; Adam is studying pre-med. It does make me wonder sometimes, what Dean would have grown up to be like.”
Cas pats his pockets, finds them empty. He must have moved it to this jacket; he had planned to show it to Jody at one point and then forgot about it. It must have fallen out when they fell into the hull.
Sam heaves a giant sigh, shaking his head. “That isn’t possible, Dean. We’d remember —”
A second chapter for this update 'cause it's super short.
Cas closes his eyes, says, “Dean...”
“I’m not letting him die again!” Cas explodes, Grace flaring in his eyes, and Claire takes a step back. She’s never looked at him like that before. Like she’s scared.
Dean also sent two texts.
But it feels too late to do anything now. Cas has developed a little crush on Lisa, which Dean of all people clearly understands. She’s beautiful, but more than that, she’s kind and she’s totally devoted to family. She listens, really listens, and looks at you like she can see your soul — which actually reminds Dean of Cas a hell of a lot. It makes sense why Cas would be drawn to someone like that, want someone like that. Cas doesn’t want to be alone. He wants to belong. He wants someone to look at him and hear him and accept him.
“Jody?”
He’s not tired, but Dean lets his eyes fall closed. He doesn’t want to worry about that right not, doesn’t want to think about Deanna in a cell, awaiting a verdict he can’t save her. A verdict maybe he
“Fuck,” he mutters, really registering for the first time that’s he on a bed, not the floor. Cas must have wrestled him up onto the mattress, and this is not how Dean wanted the first time Cas took him to bed to go. “For how long?”
reporter who likes to be a pain in my ass.”
“You think so little of me, I know.” He looks at Dean, eyes narrowing. “But my methods helped us find that second kitsune in Missouri in record time, and you know it. You can relax, though. This guy is human, isn’t he?” Seth’s smile at this point is so disingenuous that his face seems to crack under the strain of it. “I’ve got nothing against him other than the fact that he lied to me.”
“No… I’m, uh— I’m a little cold.”
No one bothers to respond, but Claire barrels down the hallway toward the guard, Grace tinging the air with static, like lightning about to strike. The guard doesn’t know what hits him. One moment he’s turning on his heels, ready to run for backup, and the next he’s on the ground, pinned by an invisible force. Claire stands over him, eyes alight with blue.
Someone told. Someone he trusted sentenced him to death, because that’s what he’s waiting for down here. No food, no water. He’s so much weaker already than he was just three days ago. It’s getting colder and colder every night, and Dean knows he won’t last much longer in these conditions.
Cas rolls his head to the side to look at Dean. He’s silhouetted by the moonlight, still in all black but in casual clothes — black jeans, black Henley — instead of his Hellfire gear. His hands are shaking. Cas sighs and pats the bed next to him. Dean walks over and sits down. It reminds Cas so much of their first night together — his and Dean
Please read:
Cas’s face falls.
But right now Cas walks, moving to the side of the road when the sidewalk ends, barely registering the black windows of all the houses and businesses. His phone rings in his pocket and he ignores it for a while, finally pulling it out on the fourth call.
he’d told his siblings, so long ago now,
“I know who you are,” Dagon says, and there might be a smile beneath her yellow eyes.
Dean turns his back on her. He goes to bed, and he doesn’t sleep. The nightmares keep waking him up.
That sounds so familiar, that’s —
Rita nods, then sucks in an exaggerated breath. Dean glares at Cas.
“That’s what Sam said.” Dean’s weirded out that their response was the same. “He wasn’t sure why that came to mind.”
of his trench coat, footsteps heavy and angry as he makes his way out of the bunker. Dean slams the spatula down on the counter and leaves the eggs to burn, stomping to his own room and slamming the door behind him.
Dean sighs. “I don’t know. It’s more like I’m looking for someone, I think. Looking for someone I lost.”
Just what they need.
Dean rubs a hand over his tired eyes. He sat in the Impala all night, not making any more rounds, twitchy and terrified and trying to talk himself down. He didn’t think to prepare an explanation for an incident he can’t explain, and Rufus isn’t taking the truth well,
“He sent me a message,” she says. “He said we weren’t doing our jobs, and now he’s here to do it for us. He made it clear that his stance is more violent than yours.” When she turns to him, her eyes are hard. “One group of vigilantes is more than enough, Halo. I can’t have this city fall completely into chaos.”
Dean heard Sam rise from the couch and make his way into the kitchen, "What, Dean?" he sighed.
Dean felt himself relax, "Sorry, just thought something was wrong."
Sam was sitting in the recliner in Dean's living room reading the newspaper of all things, looking like every dad from a cheesy '80's sitcom. He flicked the paper down, just grinning at the door like he expected as much. "Kinda late, huh, Dean?" He teased."
“Hm?”
Sam's face reddened and he looked off to the side awkwardly. "Nothing... I'll pull up the menu so you can look at it. It's online." He pulled out his cellphone and started to type.
I thought you were above fat jokes."
Mrs. Hutchinson rolled her eyes, "Jane is worried about sepsis, Doctor. I'm not."
No, Dean wanted to say, It doesn't mean jack shit. But the doctor was looking at him earnestly, almost sad, so he decided to try thinking a little harder. Sam. He tried to go through everything he had on hand in his mind. No Sams, no Samuels, no Samanthas, no Samsons. Sam came up as an absolute zero. Dean shook his head, "Not ringing any bells, doc. Sorry."
“I just want you to be happy,” Cas said.
Dean's eyebrow bounced up again. "Hadn't planned on it."
“Which part?” Dean asked. Cas pressed his mouth into a straight line and Dean expected him to say something snarky about his attitude. He didn’t. “Look, man, I don’t know if I even understood what she wanted me to do by talking to you. That’s what she told me to do,” he said. “Talk.” Castiel nodded. “I don’t know if she thought I’d have a come-to-Rupaul moment where I realized I wanted to be flamboyant with my flamboyant best friend or whatever–”
Dean tapped his fingers on the edge of the table and Castiel bit back some snotty reply about how he did care. “What question?” He asked.
Dean invited Castiel to the house which sat across the property of Bobby's shop. Castiel followed behind Dean, trailing him by maybe only four feet. He wasn't speaking. Neither was Dean. Mostly, Dean couldn't think of what to say. There had been too many coincidences in what Castiel had said for it to be untrue. It had to be real. Dean had to believe him, because if he didn't believe him then he might as well be fucking crazy. Dean suddenly stopped walking and Castiel ran into him from behind.
. He tried to go through everything he had on hand in his mind. No Sams, no Samuels, no Samanthas, no Samsons. Sam came up as an absolute zero. Dean shook his head, "Not ringing any bells, doc. Sorry."
"Mhm," Dean said.
He'd seen the name on one of the letters downstairs. Dean stood quickly, startling Castiel. "What?" Cas asked, "What's wrong?"
"I'd just really like to see you," Dean told him, closing his eyes and feeling like a high schooler again.
person I know who still uses a phone to call people."
“Cas, please.”
Castiel laughed again, only this time it caught Dean off guard. He'd been expecting a swoon not a laugh. "Sure, Dean," Castiel said through his laughter, "sounds like a great time."
"Thanks, Cas." Sam said smiling. "I'm really glad you introduced us. You're like... I don't know Cupid."
"Jesus Christ, Bobby you too?" Dean said, sighing and rubbing his forehead. "
It was last year. On Castiel’s birthday. The two of them had gone to a broadway inspired diner called Evita’s! to celebrate. They’d had to drive two hours to get there, but Castiel hadn’t shut up about the place for months and Dean loved surprises. They sat at this big booth with glittery yellow cushions and a table covered with laminated playbills, and the whole time, Castiel was looking at him with his big blue doe eyes and this wide, almost giddy, smile. The whole night Dean wondered how it would feel to have Castiel’s stubble scrape against his chin as his tongue slipped into his mouth hot and foreign.
"I know," Castiel said, "but,
Mrs. Hutchinson consented, and Castiel grabbed the blood pressure cuff from the rack on the IV pole. He placed it around her arm and started administering the test. While he did so, Mrs. Hutchinson asked, "Do you have any children?"
They were quiet for a moment and Dean couldn't help thinking about the fact that Castiel had heard him beating off. He then wondered if Castiel could fucking hear him thinking now. "Can you read minds?" Dean asked.
He sat across from Bobby at the table as he spoke, "Just moving a little slower this morning." Dean gave him a worried look that Bobby immediately waved off, "Don't be such a Nancy, kid. I don't have anywhere to be until ten."
Mrs. Hutchinson was awake and alone for one of the first times. "Good morning," Castiel said to her as he entered. He took note of the somewhat sickly pallor of her skin. "How are you feeling?"
Bobby gave him a pitying look. "I know grades aren't your thing, but they've got scholarships for lots'a shit. Wrestling, Baseball. They're just interviews. You've got a chance to get one."
“I have a doctorate,” Castiel teased, sly smile tugging at his mouth.
The man looked up at him, eyebrows furrowed and eyes dark with rage. "Look, whatever the hell you've got me hooked up to needs out. I want to be discharged. Why the fuck am I here?"
Dean flopped down on his bed again, staring up at the ceiling.
"Really?"
Castiel was sitting on the floor, legs crossed, painting on a canvas he’d laid on the ground in front of him. He was wearing one of Dean’s shirts but wasn’t wearing pants, and Dean felt his stomach twist. “Cas?” Dean asked. Castiel tilted his head back and grinned at Dean upside down.
Eileen shrugs as she flips through her cards.
“Clearly. Castiel... not Agent Just Cas Stein?”
“A difficult situation,” Cas surmises.
“I heard Seth mention it. It’s where they kept the things they used to torture me,” Cas says, voice low, like he’s afraid of being overheard, and
“Cas,” he says. “Maybe I should go to The Bend alone first — just to scope things out, find out how many people we’ll be dealing with.” Dean absently pulls at his fingers, popping his knuckles and avoiding Cas’s gaze. “This whole ‘no plan, no worries’ thing doesn’t usually work out for me, and I don’t want you getting caught in the crossfire and getting hurt.”
If you'd like to share this story with others, there's a tumblr post to reblog
“Well,” Death said, “that I do.”
In her fury Mary didn’t notice Dean, standing in the doorway, hands bloody to match her shirt. Castiel’s blood, shed unnecessarily, and it — all of it — is on her.
Claire has excellent timing tonight, sweeping up to the bar and taking Cas’s elbow before he can try to out himself as Halo (again). “It’s done,” she whispers in his ear. “Table bugged; they’re none the wiser.”
He ignores the way Steve’s eyes linger on his face and his clenched fists before he nods, hopping off the toolbox and walking on near silent feet into the darkness of the house.
“We need to leave before they come back,” she says again. “They killed everyone there, anyone who wasn’t a vessel. Everyone except me. You don’t understand, we need to —”
Cas’s mouth gapes open, and he stammers, “Oh, uh—”
If they had been normal people, with normal lives, he likes to think he would have given Cas a proper burial and a proper funeral. Maybe buried him next to Mom’s first grave, ordered an ostentatious headstone that said, “Castiel Winchester, d. May 18, 2017. He Gave His All For Humanity.” Something like that. Dean would have worn black, would’ve been able to say a few words around the lump in his throat. There would have been a spot next to Cas saved for him — for when Dean finally bit the bullet and drifted up to that dream factory in the sky. And when Dean opened the door to his own personal heaven, Cas would’ve been there, trench coat and all. “Hello, Dean.”
“Dean Winchester, you stubborn bastard,” Cas says, and Dean tries not to let Cas’s tone of voice go to his groin. “This is not a reprobation of your caretaking abilities, which are spectacular, nor is it something I would do for anyone. I care for Sam, and I want him to have a good education because he deserves a second chance. But I would not be offering these funds to your brother if I didn’t love you.”
Somehow, he’s standing. Anna and Balthazar flank him. Just like old times.
When Cas screams in the night, Sam wakes Eileen and she goes to the bedroom to tend to him, and Dean lies on the couch and stares at the ceiling, as defeated as he’s ever been.
Department of Public Safety troopers are crowding the scene when Dean pulls the Impala off the road into the gravel, parking it behind the chip spreader. The entire construction zone is blocked off, firefighters and sheriff’s deputies re-routing traffic as DPS accident reconstructionists work the wreck.
“Uh, I don’t know,” he confesses. “It’s kind of like with the praying thing, I guess? I just have this sense that something wants me to find it. I think it’s your grace?” His words tilt up into a question. Dean’s fully aware how crazy he sounds. If Sam were here he would be ranting about never walking straight into enemy territory.
Dean bites his lip, tapping his fingers against the table, considering. When he takes a bite of his toast, eyes down, Cas thinks maybe he’s won another battle between them, if only for the time being.
There’s one dream in particular that happens more often than the others. He’s in college still, at Stanford. Jess is never there, but he can see her all over his apartment, in the shoes she left by the front door, in the paintings she meticulously crafted hanging in the living room. His mom and dad and Dean are visiting, like they would if Sam had ever had a normal life. Dad and Dean are in the kitchen. Sam can’t see them, but they’re talking and laughing together in a way they never did in the waking world. There’s no barked orders, no quiet submission. And Mom, Mom's there, sitting on his ratty couch that he scooped off a street corner, going over law school pamphlets, telling Sam how she wishes he would apply to Yale, he’s so smart, surely they’d see that? Sam always smiles at her in the dream, not saying much, just happy to absorb this, this feeling of family, of love and pride and care.
“Okay Castiel, let’s try to calm to down,” she says soothingly, bending down to gently take his face in her hands, and Dean wonders how much of Cas’s speech she caught in the darkness of the room. He looks at Sam and sees his brother staring back at him, gaping and bewildered. “Sam!” Eileen calls, and Sam turns to her. “Can you carry Cas back to his room?”
Sam’s gut reaction is fear. He reaches out for Eileen with one hand, and she grips it tight.
“Dean, I—”
me, and — Was that some kind of punishment? To let me feel wanted before you… Forget it.” His voice is so cold, and Dean thinks of Cas screaming “Don’t touch me!” after Andrew died. This is the anger he lived with for three years. This is the pain Cas wanted to escape from, that Dean didn’t save him from. “I won’t bother you again.”
“Jo,” Cas says, lowering his own voice as Ash finally rouses himself, passing behind Jo on his way to the other end of the bar, “if you could tell me what you know about Dean, it would go a long way to helping us find out who did this to him.”
It’s Jack. He’s managed to heal one leg so now he’s walking around on crutches, and Cas forgot to warn him the kitchen is off limits for the night. Jack’s in his rumpled pajamas, a blush on his cheeks as he pointedly avoids Cas’s eyes when he says, “I was just going to grab a snack.”
There are many things Cas should say here and now.
Dean’s hands tighten on the wheel.
him eat your food,” Cas says under his breath as Bobby walks out of the room. He keeps pacing.
This time he knows it’s a dream, so he’s spared the inevitable pain of the realization that no, everything he’s ever wanted is not lying next to him on his memory foam mattress, staring at him without guile.
Cas turns his blinker on as they turn on to the highway. “I’ll do whatever you want.”
The pressure holding Dean against the tree relents and he falls to the ground once more, gasping for breath, head throbbing. He rolls onto the dirt, disoriented, looking up just in time to see the girl angel lunge toward James.
“Hey.” Dean’s teeth are straight and white. He has freckles on his cheeks. Cas hates him, but he doesn’t. “Imagine seeing you here.”
“If they come out here…” Eileen fiddles absently with her fork. “We could be in real trouble.”
time with Lucifer.”
Something in Cas that had always been broken snapped a little more that day.
“Keep going,” Steve says to Dean, voice low. He has Gabriel’s head cradled against his shoulder, and he slams his fist against the backseat. “You shut up!”
Dinner is over, and Dean is full on steak (prepared by him) and wine (provided by Cas). They’ve discussed the politics of small town community colleges (Cas) and the instability of self-employment (Dean); they’ve made obscure pop culture references (Dean) and even more obscure references to ancient deities (Cas). They have not talked about the light, or about the kiss Dean initiated but Cas eagerly responded to (and that’s on both of them).
“They’re good people,” he says. “I wish I could tell them I’d solved this for them and brought you home, but I’m happy to get to deliver the news. Sweet family. They might not understand everything you’re going through, but they love you, Dean. Try to give them a chance, okay?”
“I’m fine,” he says, and his voices cracks in a way that is very much not fine. “Obviously I was shocked.” Right, because he threw up right after seeing her. “But now that I’ve thought about it, it’s no reason not to man up and finish this case. I mean, she doesn’t remember me. Ben doesn’t remember me. Hell, she might not even live here. Might’ve been just stopping for gas on her way through to somewhere better.” That was what Sam had guessed after they first saw her. “I’ve got no reason to be upset. That was six years ago. I’m over it. It doesn’t matter. I’m over it, it’s done, I’m fine.”
There was uneasy silence between them. Dean didn't know what to say or think or do. All he really wanted to know was if it was true. It seemed true. Castiel seemed to be trustworthy... if not a little odd.
"She wants you to know that it's okay to be happy, even though she and John aren't there with you anymore," Castiel said. Dean stared at him, hands and shoulders trembling. Castiel reached forward ever so slightly and touched Dean's upper arm. "It's okay," he said.
Castiel made his way down the hall to John Doe's room, and entered quietly. Sonya was inside checking his temperature and adjusting the medication in his drip. The man was badly injured, and bruising clouded his features. Castiel looked at him carefully, trying to distinguish whether or not he knew the man. There was something vaguely familiar about him, but Castiel chalked it up to wanting to know more when he kept drawing blanks as to his identity. He approached the bed slowly, and Sonya looked up at him.
He had a kind soul, a bright soul, one that was expressed with each smile or laugh or bounce of his eyebrows.
"Bobby," Dean repeated. Bobby had made it to Dean's door, and turned back to look at him. "Thank you."
my better judgement," he added.
"Would you like me to explain how it works?"
“Look,” Lisa said rubbing her hands over his chest, “I don’t know what happened between you guys, but it, um, probably has something to do with his crush on you, right?” Dean gave her a look. One that he himself didn’t understand, but she seemed to because her face relaxed and she stood a little straighter. “Dean,” she sighed, “I know you guys have been close for a long time.” Dean looked her in the eyes. “I also know that you sometimes like to, um, bottle up your emotions.” Her voice was sweet. “I think maybe… Dean, baby, I think you need to think about what you really want.”
Bobby shook his head and rose from his seat, grabbing two more beers, handing Dean one with a smile. "Dean, I
Dean lifted a hand and flipped him off before closing the door and setting off for the shop.
"Fine," Dean said, "steady all through. Any calls out of Rufus's today?"
Castiel nodded, "Yeah, the ICU gets pretty hectic around Christmas time for some reason."
Dean climbed up over Castiel, a leg on either side of him and continued kissing him. Cas had one hand in Dean's hair and the other on his hip. Every once in a while, Dean would grind his hips against Castiel's, and listen as his soft breaths turned heavy. Dean could feel Castiel getting hard through his jeans, and it was hot... and
Castiel pulled Dean's cock out of his boxers and, before Dean could think of anything to say, Castiel had it in his mouth, and,
he whispered up to it.
Dean was softer than most people would expect. He believed that almost any problem could be solved by a tender embrace or a light kiss or a squeezed hand. It was in direct opposition to the image he’d worked so hard to maintain.
"She will," Castiel said sounding very matter-of-fact. Sam laughed again, "She'd be crazy not to, Sam." He added with a shake of his head.
He made his way back to the workbench, glancing at a glowing message on his phone. Castiel.
then? Dean shook his head. What did it change that Bobby hadn't told them he knew their parents?
"Sure thing," Dean said, flashing him a double thumbs up.
Castiel stopped, mouth half open, "You weren't
"Cas," Dean said, "I've gotta go. Thanks for answering. I'll, uh, talk to you later."
"Okay," Dr. Novak said, "of course." He stood up, rubbing his hands on his slacks. "Is there anything I can get for you?"
She waved him off and made a noise with her mouth that Dean couldn't imitate if he'd tried. "As good as I can be. How's Bobby doing?" She asked.
Bobby looked up at him, confusion evident on his features, "Yeah," he said, "I need you to go to the liquor store and pick up some Jack's and a couple six packs."
"Sam!" Castiel gasped smiling so widely that it was almost like Sam had asked him to marry him. "That's wonderful! Have you got the ring yet?"
Dean pulled away from the curb and glanced over at him. "Uh, I don't know. I hadn't really thought that far ahead."
“I’m fine.”
Because Dean was never lucky, Castiel glanced over at him, catching him in the act. Instead of telling him off or making a disgusted face, Castiel smiled and then leaned his head onto Dean's shoulder. Dean felt his heart pounding from his toes to his ears, and he curled an arm around Castiel's back, squishing him in tightly.
Castiel watched him with a smile. "My parents were from Pontiac, Illinois, but I was born here."
people you never met.
“Yes,” Castiel said speculatively, one eyebrow arched.
Dean gave him a look and said, "Yeah,
Dr. Novak laughed then and it made Dean crack a smile. "I know, not super interesting, but it's important I go over this with you." Dean nodded along as the doctor spoke. "Now, obviously, you know you've got some broken bones. Our main concern, however, is that you've got some bleeding happening in your brain."
Sam looked again, stepping closer to the sink and leaning toward the windowpane as if to see better. He stared outside for a while. "Dean, I don't see anything out there, man."
Castiel's eyebrows pinched together and he gave Dean a disappointed look. "I'm on your
"Mhm," Castiel said, "all I really got from this one was you saying my name." Dean stared at him, he could feel his cheeks getting warm. "You sounded, I don't know..." Castiel shook his head, "
"Of course," Castiel said, "it's my job to take every concern seriously. Is there anything else I can do for you?"
"You can call me Jane," She said anxiously shifting her weight.
Castiel had been working for long enough that when Mrs. Hutchinson snatched his wrist and pulled him into a hug, he'd been halfway expecting it. She was crying and laughing, and Castiel tentatively returned her hug. "Thank you so much," She said wetly, pulling away from him to look in his eyes. "You have no idea how much this means to me." She laughed again and said, "Oh, thank you."
"Sorry," Castiel said, "did you need anything?"
Castiel made a noncommittal noise and said, "Strong, though." Sonya agreed. "He's got a strong heart rate," Castiel indicated the EKG monitor. "We could bring him out."
"Yes," Castiel affirmed with a smile, "Everything looked normal. We'd need to release you to oncology for at least a night and, provided everything goes well while you're there, I'm sure you could be discharged as soon as Friday morning."
Dean’s face burned red again, and Cas leaned forward and kissed him. Dean didn’t hold a grudge, he held Castiel’s face with one hand and leaned on the counter with the other. Cas ran his hands across Dean’s middle, locking his arms around him, and let Dean lift him so he was sitting on the counter. Then Castiel’s hands were in his hair again, and God, that really did it for him. Dean pulled himself back slightly and looked up at Castiel.
“You aren’t a dumbass.” Castiel said suddenly, “You’re the third most intelligent person I’ve ever met.” Dean glared at him. “Behind the great Stephen Hawking and myself, of course.”
He stood, putting his phone back down and crossing the floor to his closet. He pulled on some jeans and one of his work shirts, and then loaded his pockets with his phone, a pocket knife, and his keys. Making his way to the bathroom, he peeked his head into Sam's room to find it empty. He raised an eyebrow and went into the bathroom where he brushed his teeth, fingered through his hair, and donned his watch. He took the stairs two at a time into the kitchen, and then lifted a hand to wave at Bobby where he was sitting, pajama clad, at the table.
It’s not like Dean’s got any insider knowledge here. All he knows right now are the following facts: James Novak is actually Castiel; Castiel knows Sam and Dean or at least knows of them; Castiel is likely being tracked down by Heaven, Hell and Seth’s band of hunters, which means they’re still in danger; and Castiel hates him.
“Of course not! Just— don’t fight Reidy on this. Let Eileen be his advocate from here on out. I know she came off a little brusque at first, but she’s just trying to do her job. She cares about Dean. And she at least has some semblance of authority in this case when, frankly, we don’t.”
“Okay,” Dean repeats. “Hurry.”
This time she’s not quiet about it, either. “Is it even worth it anymore?” she asks. “We don’t need to stay here. Roman is dead and so is Dagon. The rest of the Demons will go back into hiding. We’ve dealt a huge blow to crime in Purgatory, and now I think we should go back to Scotland and finally deal with the rest of the MacLeods.”
they knew the circle was bad,” Josephine continues. “They just knew. All the farmers in the area avoided it and the woods. But Nana would walk right up to the ring with her friends sometimes, daring them to get as close as possible to it. They called it the devil’s circle, because one night when one of them got too close, it started to glow.”
“I tried to reach him, and I couldn’t. If Jody loses her license over this I’ll never forgive myself. He was my interview.”
“You knew?” She doesn’t sound accusatory, just disappointed.
“Dean, pull over and let me drive. You look tired.”
“My part here is done,” Henriksen says, clapping Sam on the back. The other man winces but doesn’t say a word. Dean wonders what’s going through his head. “I’m flying back early tomorrow. I’ve got other cases to work on.”
Now they have him where they want him — dangling, struggling to hold up his weight — they let go of his arms. They fall limp to his sides, tingling from cold and revived circulation. He can’t think clearly enough to use them to pull at the noose.
Dean continues to bicker with Bobby, but for the rest of the meal half his mind is on Cas. At least it’s an improvement over obsessing about everything else going wrong in his life.
So, when Castiel discovered any new way to enjoy the human experience, he was all about taking advantage of it when he could.  One of his first discoveries for enjoyment was long, hot showers in the bunker.  Castiel sometimes felt like he could stand there for hours, just letting the strong spray work over his body.  So, when they all weren’t busy with a case or research or anything else, Cas was quick to indulge in his new favorite pass time.
Dean ends the call and turns to Cas as he turns over the engine, “Well, turns out he’s not our guy.  Sam found some information in the lore that definitely means he couldn’t have been the thing that killed the victim.  We can head back and get some sleep.”
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.  The first spurt of cum is hitting Dean’s stomach before quickly being washed away just a moment after he hears the strangled moan in the stall next door.  Cas is continuing to moan and Dean’s cock is continuing to spasm in tandem as his orgasm crests and subsides, leaving him panting with the water still falling over him.  Dean can hear Cas breathing a few feet over and decides to give him a moment to collect himself.
Sam quirks one eyebrow and looks over at Dean in the driver seat. “Or what?”
“It’s getting thicker, Dean.”
“Yes, that would be very helpful,” Cas was sounding down right giddy about the proposed activities and Dean still couldn’t decide whether to run right out of the bathroom, or join in.  Running was a perfectly sane option.  Many other people would run when faced with talking their friend through a jerk off session while standing naked in a shower stall next to them. But Dean was not like other people.  His whole life was not like other people’s.  And poor Cas was just trying to figure out this whole human thing.  Because, really, the guy had pulled Dean out of Hell and put him back together.  The least Dean could do was explain how to get himself off.
Why did he have to keep using his name?  It was making it harder to stay detached from what was happening.  Dean closed his eyes and decide to just pretend that he was narrating to himself, hoping that Cas would just follow along and stop saying his name so damn much.
“Wow,” Dean huffs as he comes back to his senses. “We really made a mess.”
Dean smirks at his stubbornness, but goes back to concentrating on cleaning his guns. After another twenty minutes Dean was starting to feel his limit slowly start to creep up on him. He was about to suggest to Cas that they start preparing for the end of this little competition when Cas suddenly jumps up from his seat across the table and quickly makes his way to bunker’s bathroom. He had one hand at the front of his sweatpants and the other gripped the measuring bowl he had picked out when they set the game in motion.
Cas, taking more care now, got out of the bed and walked over to the bathroom door.  He was affronted with yet another setback when he discovered that the door was locked.  He knocked on the door and tried to call out to Sam without disturbing the still slumbering Dean on the couch, but was met with a muffled, “I just got in here,” from the other side of the door.
Dean heard the water in the shower cut off and quickly trashed the bottle before he was forced to explain it to Sam.  Dean knew he should say something to Cas.  Just to clear the air and make sure nothing too weird or awkward sprouted up between them.  If only he could think of something for this particularly ludicrous situation.
“Okay, ahhhh, right, okay.  Umm, have you tried cupping your balls and rolling them a little with your hand?”
“How does pee become involved in sex?”
Dean turns back, now with two plates in hand.  “Oh yeah, babe,” he says with a wink and puts the plates on the table alongside their full water bottles.
“Oh, I see.  So, when… what about… when we all share a room… how do you… umm…”
“Great,” Dean quickly replies as he grabs a small dollop of shampoo and moans when he finally makes contact with his erection.
Once disrobed and in the shower stall together again, Cas can feel his cock start to swell with anticipation.  He never imagined that he would try something like this with Dean, but now that they are both naked and desperate to piss and standing right in front of each other, Cas is almost too excited to let go.
“What do you mean?”
Dean just pulls him into another kiss.  Cas has to assume that’s a yes.
“Doesn’t really matter, just get yourself some relief, man,” Dean says, patting Cas on the shoulder and stepping a couple feet over to unzip his jeans in front of a tall shrub.  Sam had walked a little further into the trees and seemed to be taking care of business away from the crowd.  Sam was always a little more self-conscious about his body and its functions.  Dean, on the other hand was more comfortable letting his body do what it needed to do.
Cas just watches for a second or two before his own dick is inspired to join in.  As soon as his stream starts Cas is so happy he asked to do this.  Watching Dean’s cock spray against the rough wood of the tree trunk while he gets to feel his own relief drain out of him is amazingly satisfying and arousing.  Their streams splash and soak down the trunk as they both watch the flow from the other’s cock gush out of the tip.  Cas wishes that they had waited until he felt more desperate, but maybe they can try that next time.  For now, he is just enjoying the sight of Dean emptying himself against a tree in the woods.  As Cas’s stream weakens, he feels his cock begin to thicken.  He watches Dean finish, but not put his cock away.  Instead he begins to lightly stroke the shaft from the base to just under the head.  It could be to get out the last few drops, but Cas can see Dean’s cock is also starting to grow, and it causes his own excitement to intensify.
“I really appreciate you helping me with this.  I know it makes you uncomfortable, even though you say you aren’t.”
“Is this okay?”
“Do you want me to touch you?” Dean asks, his own cock cupped in his hand directed towards the tree in front of them.
“Fuck, Cas, this feels amazing,” Dean breaths into Castiel’s mouth as they pant together. All Castiel can do his nod in response before bringing their lips back together.
It wasn’t until they were about one hour out from the bunker that their newly found habit of staying hydrated showed its first drawback.
“You better!” Dean jokes before pecking his lips one more time before they head back to the motel.
Dean closed his eyes for a second, just to concentrate on letting his muscles relax; all too aware of Castiel calmly watching him from his seat on the edge of the motel bed.  As the first few trickles finally made their way down his shaft he was able to open his eyes and see that Cas was blatantly staring at his cock as it started to fill the bottle with more hot piss.  Dean’s stream wasn’t as forceful as Castiel’s had been.  Dean wasn’t nearly as desperate.  But his stream was still thick and it splashed into the bottle for the next twenty seconds as neither Cas nor Dean spoke.  Dean kept switching his glance from his pissing cock back to Castiel’s almost fascinated gaze.  Cas kept his eyes on Dean’s cock the whole time, never glancing up into his friend’s eyes.  Dean wasn’t sure why.  Maybe Cas was afraid or nervous to look at Dean.  Maybe he was just too distracted by what was happening to change his focus.
“Oh, okay.”
“You mean you told him about us?”
“Yes, Dean.  I would like that,” Cas replies in a hurry as he makes his way over to one of the three urinals on the wall.  He chooses the one in the middle (despite his previous advice from the Winchester brothers about proper men’s room etiquette) and quickly undoes the button and fly of his jeans.  Dean is standing just behind him looking over his right shoulder as he pulls down the front of his boxer briefs to take out his pink, swollen, wet cock.
The last few dregs of piss spurt from the tip of Cas’ cock over Dean, but Castiel never stops thrusting into his grip. Once Dean is sure their bladders are both spent, he realigns their cocks and holds them both in his hand as Castiel continues to move against him.
Cas had been hard this whole time, and with watching Dean’s orgasm and now seeing the huge volume of piss gushing out of him, Dean doesn’t even finish before Cas is arching back and coming all over his own fist.
“Just give me one second,” Dean says as he quickly moves to the counter and takes a bottle of lotion and puts a dollop of it into his palm.  He rushes back over to Cas and meets his eyes and waits from him to give a little nod before stepping into his space and taking hold of Cas’s throbbing dick.
“Yeah, well.  I’m only human, right?” Dean jokes and he earns a sweet smile from Cas.
Cas stares down at Dean’s cock in front of him.  It is already thicker than a few moments ago, reassuring Cas that his partner is looking forward to their plan.  However, watching Dean’s cock thicken is not helping with his issue of releasing his pent up piss.  Cas sighs and lets his head fall back and closes his eyes.  He takes slow breaths to calm himself and he can feel his muscles start to relax.
As the last of the shampoo is rinsed from Dean’s hair, Dean leans in to give Cas a few firm, closed-mouth kisses.  Cas seems more relaxed than he ever has been touching Dean so intimately.  Dean plays on his instincts when he pulls away to give Cas his next request.
“I want to see you when you climax,” Cas responds, trying to keep his eyes open as his pleasure spikes.
It’s like a lazy concept for a summer teen sex movie.  The horny kid gets left by his parents for a long weekend with the house to himself and finally gets some alone time with the girl he’s been crushing on for years.  Except in Dean’s case, the parents are his younger brother, the house is a bunker, and the girl is his newly-human best friend.  And, also this isn’t a movie; it’s his real life.
“That would be fine, yes,” Cas says with a strained groan.
“Oh, I’m sorry, was I too loud?”
“I’m trying, babe. Almost there.”
Dean waits a little longer than usual to answer, “Sure.  Uh, what did you want to ask?”
Cas is watching Dean’s face now, beginning to stroke the last of his piss out of his hard cock carefully into the bowl. He licks his lips before he says, “You know what else I like to think about? I like to think about what the rest of your body tastes like.”
Back on the road Dean’s mind was still buzzing with the images from a few moments ago.  And Cas’s inquisitive mind was no help.
“I guess you’re right, Dean.”
Sam’s stream starts first, the loud splash of it into the toilet bowl makes Castiel’s bladder give a sudden lurch and he feels a few drops escape before his cock is fully out of his underwear. As soon as his cock tip feels the cool air of the motel room his stream takes off straight across the shower hitting the wall just above the faucet. He can’t hold back the groan that escapes his throat as the dam finally breaks.
While Dean pisses on into the urinal next to him, Cas shakes the last few drops from the tip of his quickly hardening cock and turns to face Dean.  Cas gazes at Dean’s spraying dick through hooded eyes and begins stroking his own.
Dean’s entire body tenses up as his aching cock pulses thick ropes of cum over Dean’s stomach and t-shirt. He wouldn’t call the sound he made a scream, but it was close. Once he can breathe again, he leans forward and holds himself up over the bowl with one hand out in front of him, quietly panting, “Yes, yes, yes.”
“Yeah, uh,” Dean begins but is interrupted as his phone rings.  It’s Sam.
“Well, there are plenty of things that humans do but never talk about.  Most have to do with either sex or bodily functions.  Both of which, as you have partly learned today, can be done in the shower.”
Cas feels anxiety speed up his heart rate as Dean wordlessly pulls over into an empty parking lot, parks the Impala, and turns off the engine.
Cas’s eyes close tight as his orgasm rips though him.  He can feel each jet of cum push though Dean’s strong hold on his cock and then fall over his swollen manhood.  Dean continues for a few more seconds before he lets out his own cry, and Cas forces his eyes open to watch him erupt over his hand and Cas’s spent and sensitive dick.  Cas can feel the tremors and it pushes a few more moans out of his mouth, his own warm breath mixes with Dean’s as they pant against each other’s lips.
“I want to try a bit of watersports play with you, since we have the lake to wash off in right here,” Dean quirks his eyebrow and a small smirk tilts his lips.
“It’s settled then.  Hey, Cas.  We’re going to pull over here by the trees and stop our back teeth from floating.”
“Sammy, when – when the hell did you get home?” Dean asks, his voice getting high and squeaky, making him clear his throat.
Now Cas is fairly sure this is some kind of game or challenge.  And with a little deductive reasoning, he feels he is more than willing to participate.
“Oh, probably too many to list, really.  There are some more common ones, but really, if you can think it, there is porn out there of it somewhere.  Rule 34, ya know?”
Dean smiles brightly as he reaches down to untie the front of his swim trunks and push them down his thighs. Castiel sits up a bit on his knees to do the same, then deciding he is too restricted when trying to be on Dean’s lap, and stands to remove them all together. Before coming back down to straddle Dean’s hips, he whips the t-shirt over his head to toss to the side.
“Why do you say, ‘not right now, of course’?”  Dean didn’t have to see the air quotes to know they were there.
Now this? This was the start of something.  And Dean didn’t know whether to be excited or terrified.  Probably a bit of both.
“I think I need some help,” Cas said with a whine creeping through and his brows knitted together.
“Really?” Cas locks eyes with Dean and Dean smiles and rubs his thumb gently along Cas’s cheek.
“This already feels so much better… than what I was trying before,” Cas managed to say between drawn out sighs.
“That’s a good question. We should figure it out now,” Sam says, anxiously looking out the window.
Stakeouts can have their ups and downs.  If you are stuck with one person in the car for hours with nothing to do but keep watch, it can get very boring very quickly.  If you have the right partner, though, it can be tolerable, even fun.  Dean had experienced many a stakeout with his brother over the years.  They could always chat about lots of stuff, but their disagreements on food and Sam’s toxic flatulence made for a more stressful experience.  Dean had never been on a stakeout with Castiel, but it was proving to be one of the most interesting; and not because of their target.
Their movements become erratic; the piss beginning to cool on their skin, but neither notices as the heat of their friction together stirs them on. Castiel makes a strangled cry and Dean looks down to watch as his cock explodes across his stomach and fist. Not a moment later, Dean is joining him as his pleasure crests and his cock pulses against Cas’.
The motions have become familiar and Castiel finds comfort in the ease with which he and Dean can come together to give each other pleasure. They both thrust into Cas’ grip and their mouths don’t leave each other. As the pleasure intensifies the kisses turn into a simple panting against each other. Cas’ body tenses and he lets out a groan as his climax hits him. Dean’s own climax follows soon after with an immense sigh as he nuzzles his face into the side of Cas’ neck.
Dean sees the tell-tale sign just another block down the street and sighs with relief. “Okay, Sammy. You run in and get us a room, and I’ll park and Cas and I can grab the bags.”
“Cas, can I…” Dean didn’t finish his question, because as soon as Cas heard his name he looked up and saw Dean leaning over to him along the bench seat.  Cas’s eyes darted down to Dean’s lips before he too leaned forward and they met in the middle.  The kiss was chaste and gentle.  Just a meeting of lips, yet it made both men’s pulses quicken.  Dean moved one of his hands up to cup the back of Cas’s head, pulling him a little closer.  Dean tilted his head slightly to slot Cas’s bottom lip between his and sucked it lightly.  Cas let out a quiet whimper and Dean pulled back to look at him.
Dean has been taking the lead in the progress of their relationship so far, and Cas has been eternally grateful for that, but now he wants to try things a little differently. Cas wants to show Dean how much he cares for him, desires him, wants him. He wants to give Dean pleasure and take him apart. He has decided to be proactive about his desires and put things in motion. Firstly, by luring Dean into a shower together, which proves to be exceptionally easy.
Cas’s release is stronger than he has ever felt from the other times he has used his own hand.  He shakes as his entire body convulses with pleasure and relief.  He forces his eyes back open when he hears a whine from Dean and watches as ropes of cum are deposited along Dean’s stomach.  Cas starts to feel weak and he collapses forward against Dean’s chest, letting his arm snake around the back of Dean’s neck.
Cas can’t help when a smile breaks across his face.  This is going to be a great long weekend.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“I don’t know. We will just figure it out when we get in there,” Dean says, furrowing his eyebrows together. He hadn’t thought that far ahead. How would they decide who gets to piss first? Would they let Cas because he is the least used to being human? Would he let Sam go because he is the youngest? Would he force his own way in, claiming seniority? Too bad they aren’t at the bunker where they have a wall of urinals and no waiting.
“Absolutely!  We better stay hydrated.  I got a feeling this weekend is going to be exhausting. Ya know… in a good way.”
“I’m close. I’m close. Show me, Dean,” Cas pants.
Observing porn mostly made him uncomfortable.  The people mostly just seemed angry and aggressive.  When Dean had caught him watching it, he told him that most of what he saw was not at all how sex really is.  Cas is pretty sure this statement was meant to make him feel better, and while he was glad it wasn’t really like this, it left him feeling a bit defeated.  Because, if porn was a poor representation of sex, then Cas still had zero idea how it was really supposed to go.
As Cas runs the washcloth down Dean’s back, he leans forward to whisper in his ear, “I want to make sure I get you nice and clean because I have plans for you after this.”
“Thank you, Dean.  For helping me.”
The shower quickly wraps up after Dean has been thoroughly cleaned and both men have been thoroughly aroused. Toweling off is a quick affair as the both can’t keep their eyes or hands off each other for long.
Castiel’s sigh is audible to Dean even over the sound of two shower heads spraying down onto the tile.  Dean answers with an approving moan of his own, and holds off on lathering his skin to just let the warm water wash over him.
“Would you – could I…”
“Oh god, Cas! Seriously? That is so fucking hot,” Dean moans out as he lets his eyes slip closed for a moment. His body is so confused, he can feel the piss just waiting to be released, but he is so turned on, he doesn’t know if he will be able to let go until he comes first.
“Are you sure, Dean?”
Cas’ eyebrows shoot up to his hairline as his eyes go wide. “Oh. Did he – did talk to you about anything?”
Cas continues to let his stream flow as he watches Dean grip his own bulging dick and take aim before releasing a torrent of piss.
“Unfortunately, I got back about twenty minutes ago,” Sam states, an amused smile on his face despite the obvious uneasiness in his stance as he sits with his arms crossed tightly over his chest. “I think you might have something you need to tell me.”
Cas had gotten his stream under a little more control, it was now splashing nicely into the large open drain of the bathtub. He can feel his cock begin to harden as all of the pent up piss leaves his body. He wants so badly to start stroking his cock, but with Sam in the room it seems too inappropriate. He hopes that Dean will figure out a way to get them some alone time together so he can get release of another sort.
Dean had drunk quite a bit himself last night and watching Cas gush into the now refilling whiskey bottle was not helping him in ignoring his own growing need for relief.  Dean walked himself over to the wall alongside the bed and watched on from the sidelines.  Just like he had when they were in the woods by the side of the road, Cas leaned his head back and closed his eyes as he emptied into the bottle.  When his stream eventually weakened and stopped the bottle was left nearly half full; a testament to how desperate Castiel must have been.  He carefully and brazenly stroked the last few drops out of the tip of his cock into the bottle.
“Well, usually I mean porn, but in this case, well, you definitely make some noise.”
“Well then I guess we will just have to measure, then.”
“I never knew that urinating could be so pleasurable,” Cas pondered from the back seat.
The bottle was almost hot from being filled by Cas just moments ago.  Dean unscrewed the cap again and, despite his mind screaming at him that he should probably seek some sort of privacy or just simply wait for Sam to come out of the shower, Dean pulled down the front of his flannel pajamas and pulled his cock out to line it up with the bottle.
“Of course Dean, tell me what you want,” Castiel smiles down at him in anticipation. Their hips still pressed together, erections still trapped between them.
“Uh, yeah.  I mean, not right now, of course.  But when the timing is right, sure.”
“Good.  I’m going to take care of you,” Dean says softly as he turns off the water and steps away from Cas to grab his towel and dry off.
“Thank you, Dean.  You were wonderful.”
“Is it always like that for you?”
Growing up on the road with their dad, Dean was very familiar with that feeling of desperation growing as you search the horizon for the next rest stop or diner.  Their dad had been pretty strict with not wasting time on the road, so Dean and Sam both got good at holding it for the most part.  There were only a few distinct memories of Dean or Sam finally convincing their dad that, yes, they could not wait, and getting him to pull over for a humiliating but satisfying piss on the side of the road.
Dean is glad he can be of help to Cas and his exploration of all things human, but it was getting harder and harder (no pun intended) to stay calm, cool, and collected while answering his multitude of questions about the sex life of humans.  The conversation had started off with a simple check-in with Cas about how he had been adjusting and had veered into a discussion on sexual interests due to a recent viewing of some old “Sex and the City” episodes by Cas on one of his many random binges.
Things really should have slowed down, but when have they ever caught a break, really?
“Yeah, baby, of course.  Give me your hand,” Dean replies as he takes his hand from his cock and reaches towards him.
“I know, baby. It must feel so good to finally let go.”
“Uhh, yeah, actually.  Keeping hydrated has some pretty obvious consequences.”
Sex… sex just seemed daunting to Castiel.
Dean reached into his jeans and pulled his cock out through his fly.  He opened his stance just a bit and rolled his shoulders back as he relaxed his muscles.  He hadn’t realized how desperate he really was until he felt the first few drops let loose to the strong stream that followed.  The piss rushed out of his cock down over the leaves of the bush in front of him.  He forgot for a second about Cas as he stared down at the impressive gushing stream coming out.  But he was soon very much aware of his friend a few feet away when he heard a strong moan followed by an immense sigh coming out of Cas as he tilted his head back and pushed his hips forward into his own powerful stream splashing onto the ground in front of his feet.
Dean moves over to the other side of his lover’s chest and lavishes his left nipple with equal fervor, making Cas squirm against the memory foam.  Once Dean is satisfied with the attention he has paid to this part of Cas’s anatomy, he moves back to the center of his chest and kisses down this sternum until he reaches his adorable navel.  Dean kisses along Cas’s stomach and when he reaches those sinful hipbones, Cas’s legs tremble as he licks over them.  Dean can feel Cas’s arousal against his shoulder through the towel as he attends to his hips.  Dean wants to hold off as long as possible before he finally gives it the attention it deserves.  However, it is getting harder and harder to wait (pun very much intended).  It probably isn’t helping that Dean has completely ignored his own growing needs as he has slowly worked his way over Cas’s body.  But his plan had always been to just focus on Cas, and he is going to stick to that plan dammit.
Cas suddenly feels a sharp ache and has to thrust his hand down to his pants to pinch the tip of his dick through the material.  He closes his eyes tightly and breaths steadily through his nose until he is certain that he is no longer in danger of wetting himself.  He opens his eyes to witness one of the best things he’s seen as a human so far.  Dean Winchester is squirming in his seat, hand in his crotch palming himself against his own straining bladder.
It isn’t until the bottles have been refilled by Dean and returned to their place on the table that Cas feels the first bangs in his bladder.
Castiel feels his cock give a large jump, but he also feels his bladder give another sharp ache.  It is time to end this game and get to the good part, before Sam becomes suspicious and it is ruined.
“I’m going to go grab us some food,” he calls out as he deposits some hand sanitizer into one of his palms. “Make sure to run plenty of water down the sink and shower. We don’t want the whole bathroom to smell like piss.” He grabs the keys off the dresser and shuts the door behind himself.
Dean moves his hands up to tug the towel free and let it drape one either side of Cas lying on the bed.  He lets his hands fall away to either side of Cas’s hips and leans down on his palms.  He brings his mouth down to the base of Cas’s cock and lays his tongue flat against the firm flesh.  His tongue runs from root to tip, which earns him an immense groan from the man below him.
“Oh, yes, of course.  Here you go, Dean.”
Cas stands, places his novel on the table, and gives Dean a steady look before making his way quickly up the stairs and into the bunker’s bathroom.
“Well, I have been wondering if… if that counted as a sexual act?  I mean, a sexual act between… you and me?”
Meanwhile, he looks over to see Cas sitting rather stiffly and with a permanent furrowed brow, and Dean is pretty sure it has nothing to do with the book he is attempting to read. Dean would feel bad for him if the idea of watching Cas squirm in desperation wasn’t such a huge turn on. Dean can’t stop the smirk that reaches his face. Not only is he going to win this competition, but he is going to end up with some serious spank bank material for life.
Dean runs his hands down Cas’ back and rests them on his hips as he leans back to look down between their bodies. “Just let go when you can. I can’t wait to feel you all over me.”
Back up in Dean’s room, Cas starts to wonder what is taking him so long to get them water. He starts to get up and redressed when Dean comes back into the room with two glasses and a bright red face.
“Oh, fuck Cas.  Yes, show me.  Show me.  Want to see you come.”
“Probably because people pee out of the same area where the rest of sex tends to happen, so proximity plays a big role.  Also, when you hold back your piss it uses some of the same muscles as when you have an orgasm, so that probably applies too.  And then, well, there’s the pee itself, which is warm and wet.  Both of those things are always good for sex.  And, I guess the whole fact that it is coming out of your partner’s body is significant, just like cum, sorta,” Dean trails off.
Sometimes, though, when you’ve all had a long day and need some R&R, having the option for more than one person to use the bathroom at a time is nice.
“Yeah, shampoo is a great assistant in getting off.  A little of that in your palm to get the friction right and your golden.”  Dean could feel his cheeks pink a bit as he realized this conversation was veering into a discussion of technique and his dick was starting to get very interested.
“It seems like you might have a few ideas.  It’s okay to tell me, Cas.  You can tell me anything and I won’t judge you.”
“Why do you think people get ‘turned on’ by these activities, Dean?”
Cas takes more of the lube and spreads it over his cock. The feeling is more intense than ever, having ignored his own erection for so long. He positions himself between Dean’s open legs and lines up the tip of his cock. He rubs it against Dean before beginning the slow and steady push inside.
“When will that be?”
“We can definitely do that,” Dean says with quiet enthusiasm and squeezes Cas’s hands before he lets it go.
Dean looks back up at Cas, laid out almost like he has melted into the bed.  Eyes closed and his breath slow and deep.  Dean takes his own cock in hand and begins to stroke himself.  He looks down over the body of his lover.  Sees the sweat and flush of his skin.  Sees the muscles just beginning to relax.  Dean feels immense pride for having given Cas so much pleasure and he is quickly approaching his own climax.  That’s when Cas sits up abruptly.
“So, how did your plans work out for ya?” Dean asks with a smirk, nestling his face into Cas’ neck.
“Of course.”
Dean was not prepared for this.  Sure, he had been thinking about Cas none stop for the last two weeks.  Sure, pretty much all of his sexual fantasies now starred a beautiful and dorky ex-angle.  Sure, Dean has known that he was bisexual since middle school.  But Dean was definitely not expecting for Cas, sweet, powerful, vulnerable, wonderful Cas to find him sexually attractive.  Had Dean saved someone particularly important lately?  Was he getting some kind of reward from the Universe?  Because this kind of good shit did not happen to Dean.  He would figure out which powerful being to thank later.  For now, Dean just knew that he couldn’t stand to see Cas feel so anxious.  And he definitely couldn’t let him think for a second that the feelings he was trying to express to Dean were not mutual.  There was only one thing  Dean wanted to do at that moment.
Later, while watching some movie that Cas was only half paying attention to (it is quite distracting to have Dean pressed and wrapped around you on a bed) Cas finally gets up the courage to bring up his research.
When Dean finally finished his piss he quickly pushed the last few drops from the tip of his dick and recapped the bottle as he tucked it away.  This seemed to break the spell over Cas and he rubbed his hands over his thighs and gazed around the room as if it was much more interesting than the dingy motel off the interstate it really was.
The three of them had just finished up a vampire hunt and were back at the bunker taking some time to rest up and recuperate.  They were sitting in the library, each with a book and their large water bottles.  Sam was wrapped up in some lore, Dean was absorbed in an old Julia Child cookbook, and Cas was passing the time with a little Tolkien.
“Okay, just relax.  Don’t worry about me or Sammy.  We know who you are and what you are going through.  We will tell you if whatever you’re doing is… inappropriate and help you to fix it.  That’s what friends do.”
Cas watched Dean thoughtfully, following his lead of drinking water quickly to fill up. He grabbed a book from the library and joined Dean in the kitchen to keep an eye on him while they waited for the ultimate show down.
“Okay, Dean, I have a picture in my head.”
Dean pulls the Impala over next to a group of trees that separated two large fields.  Sam and Cas hop out and Dean makes his way around the car to join them at the side of the road.  Sam leads them down the small slope to the tree line.  Cas follows with a bit of a labored step and then stops short when they reach the trees.
Once the strength returns to their legs, Dean helps Cas remove the rest of his clothes and they enjoy a quick shower together to clean themselves and the evidence of Cas’ huge load of piss.
“Of course, Dean.  It is like you said before, you want to help, but Sam is not as comfortable.”
“Ahem,” Cas clears his throat and Dean jumps on the spot and swings around.
“Dean, when we get inside, who is going to use the bathroom first?” Castiel’s shoulders look tense as he keeps his fists clenched on the tops of his thighs.
Sure, he was more than a little interested in it, especially with Dean.  But there was just so much to navigate.  How would he touch Dean?  How does Dean like to be touched?  Should he use his mouth?  Where should he put his… everything?
“Oh.  I think I have heard a joke in reference to men masturbating in the shower.  It was on one of those old shows that I saw on Netflix.”
“Oh, yes Dean,” Castiel sighs and leans down to kiss him again. “What do you want me to do?”
“I like to start with slow, steady strokes up and down the shaft, not really touching the head every time.  Maybe just once every third or fourth stroke.  It is nice to build up slowly.  It makes the release better.  As my, ahhhh, cock gets warmed up, I like to grip it a little firmer and move a little faster.  Ohhh.”
The first shot of his stream surprises him a bit, but, apparently, not as much as it surprises Dean.  Cas’s stream stutters a moment when he hears the small gasp that transforms into a desperate moan from the gorgeous man standing before him.  Once Cas is certain his stream is going steadily, he lowers his head back down and opens his eyes to see a look he has never seen on Dean before.
They had been wrapping up a standard haunting and were hoping to catch some sleep before the long trek home. That’s when their increased hydration plan made their need for a motel room that much more urgent.
“Tell me, Cas, what else would you enjoy?” Dean asks with a smirk tugging at the side of his mouth.
“Oh, fuck, Cas!”  Dean leans forward until their foreheads are resting against each other.  Dean puts his other arm around Cas’s back and maneuvers them until Cas is leaning against the wall and Dean can brace his hand on it as his other moves faster over their thick, rosy cocks.  Cas loves the feeling of Dean’s hot flesh pressed against his as the sweet friction builds.
“God, baby! You’re making me so hard right now. I’m not gonna be able to piss through this hardon,” Dean let out with a whine as he stroked his cock a little faster, precum dripping from the tip.
“Yeah, buddy.”
As soon as his cock is out of its confines, his stream is hitting the back wall of the urinal with enough force that Cas has to take a step back to prevent droplets from splashing back on himself.  His back is now flush against Dean’s chest and Cas is letting out a suppressed moan.  There really is no feeling quite like letting go when you are desperate for a piss.  Cas pants as his cock is spraying an endless stream of nearly clear piss into the porcelain white urinal.  He leans his head back while Dean squirms against him, whimpering a little into his ear as he rests his chin on Cas’s shoulder.  After about 10 seconds of uninterrupted gushing Cas feels Dean step back from him.
“Mmmhmm, watching you take the bottle after me and pissing into it right in front of me was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. I had to resist reaching out to you the whole time. I wanted to touch you so much. I’m so glad I finally get to.”
Dean let’s out an agonized moan and grips is cock harder. Cas’ dick lets out the last few spurts of piss into the bowl and he straightens himself back up to watch Dean fall apart in front of him.
Showering together has been an especially indulgent treat while they have the bunker to themselves. Cas is almost solemn about not having this time with Dean anymore for who knows how long. Dean takes his time washing Cas’ body slowly and thoroughly. Cas lets himself enjoy the attention while mentally preparing himself for the next step towards his goal. Cas knows that Dean enjoys his voice and hearing him talk. That was made abundantly clear when Cas was telling him about his fantasies.  When it is Cas’ turn to wash Dean, he takes the opportunity to tell him exactly what he wants to happen tonight.
Cas had gotten most of his clothes off, just his t-shirt was left on and rucked up under his arms, exposing his tight stomach and lower back. He was on his knees, protected from the cold, hard tiles by a folded towel hastily thrown on the floor, and he was hunching over the bowl. One hand was in front of him on the floor, holding him up, while the other was grasping his hard cock as it pulsed shot after shot of gushing piss. Cas was panting with his eyes closed and neck strained as he tossed his head back. His bladder seemed to be having spasms from the effort of holding back so much piss; the stream would shoot violently for a few seconds and then stop a moment before shooting out again. Dean’s dick was hard almost instantly as he stared at the scene, and when his brain finally came back on line, he grabbed another towel from the shelf and removed his pants and boxers before setting himself up on the floor across from Cas.
Cas could feel Dean looking at him and lifts his gaze up to meet his eyes without lifting his face from this book.  They hadn’t had much opportunity to talk since their kiss and the encounter in the woods.  There had been a few more kisses, snuck in when Sam was not around, but nothing more… yet.
Sam heads straight for the toilet, lifting the seat before his hands go to his jeans, quickly opening the button and pulling down the zipper before thrusting his hand into his boxers to fish out his cock that is fit to burst at any second.
“Oh yes, Dean,” Cas replies, nodding his head in Dean’s hand.  “But where?  When?”
“Of course, yeah.  And Cas?  Make sure to keep this to yourself.”
“Dean!  Dean, I’m close, oh, I’m close,” Cas warns as he pushes himself up a bit to be able to look down and watch as Dean continues his ministrations.  Dean’s eyes turn up and they catch Cas’s gaze.  Dean gives him a wink and then he feels Cas’s cock thicken slightly in his hand as the first shot of cum hit his tongue.
“Just like that, don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop, ahhh, ahhh…”
“Damn right, I’m right.”
As Dean lets out the first trickles of piss, Castiel’s head snaps forward to watch as his stream gains strength. The warm liquid hits Dean’s stomach and thin rivets meander down his torso. Dean leaves Cas’ hip to grip his own cock and aim his stream against Cas’ chest. His piss splashes against his skin and splatters down between them to pool on Dean’s pelvis.
“Yes. Ahhhh.  It’s wet and slick.”
“This is wonderful, Dean.  But when do I get to finally urinate?  I need to so badly,” Cas ends with a whine, bending slightly at his waist.
Dean can barely move, just holding himself up seems like an accomplishment as he lets his tired cock drain out under him. He wants to give more attention back to Cas, but he is content enough to watch his gorgeous boyfriend lose himself while he watches Dean take the longest piss of his life.
“Of course, Cas.  Anytime.” Oh God, what was he saying?  Dean heard the water in the other stall shut off and the curtain pull back.  He shut off his own water as well and grabbed his towel to wrap around his waist before taking a deep breath and stepping out to face Castiel.
“I’m not sure.  I don’t know how long it is supposed to take, or… how I’m supposed to do it.  It seems like I am just… fumbling through until I either give up or I just happen to ejaculate.  And is it supposed to feel sore afterwards?”
“Let me take care of that.  But listen.  We never have to do anything you are uncomfortable with.  This is all new to you, so just take your time.  I’m good with whatever you are ready for.”
“Yes,” Cas says. “You still hurt me.”
Dean thinks, pausing to evaluate the whiskey selection. It’s not great.
In the kitchen, a ‘70s-throwback like everything else in the Winchester home, Claire leans against the blue-laminated countertop, sipping on her beer. Cas takes up a spot next to her, eyeing the brown-striped wallpaper distastefully. He’s never managed to completely grasp human nostalgia for the trappings of bygone eras.
“We’ll fix it,” Sam says. “We’ll fix all of it.”
“He’s all right,” Cas hurries to say. He sees the horror and recognition in her eyes, and he puts the photo away. He also hates looking at it, seeing Dean battered and broken and bruised. In the photo he’s asleep, black and blue skin mottled over his eyes and cheekbones. Leahy thought someone might recognize him, but Jo is the first person who truly has. “He’s recovering now. We’re just trying to find out who did this to him.”
“No! Stop!” Cas whips the dishrag at Dean again, and Dean dodges it with an easy grace. After all, he’s trained for most of his life to dodge much deadlier weapons. “Shut up!”
“They accepted you once before. And now you have not only a glowing recommendation letter, but also some of that ineffable life experience they’re always going on about.”
Jack is gone again, blipped away to who the hell knows where the second Claire spotted him and asked, “You’re the devil’s kid? The one he died trying to protect?”
“Dean, this is —”
Sam laughs, but it's hollow.
“Dude, just... go with me on this.”
“Is it not?”
Dean’s hand rubs restlessly over his knee. “She asked me to come back. Next week, same day. She told me I should keep a journal of things I’d like to share with her and come back with it next time. We can try and read through it together, or something. I told her—” He huffs. “I
“He was a good kid, helpful even at that age. He didn’t complain when I said no. But he kept looking over his shoulder at the damn cars, and I should’ve known he’d run off.”
Dean started sleeping with men in his late teens. It was a once-in-a-blue moon type of thing — quick fucks behind bars and in bathroom stalls, usually for money. He had to keep Sam fed somehow, right? When teenage boys hit puberty, there’s no estimating the true capacity of their limitless stomachs. Dean went without when he was a teenager. He wanted to make sure Sam never had to.
When Wendell Perkins’ ghost barrels into them, none of them see him coming.
And that’s an uncomfortable thought all in itself. Saving things, hunting people. The family business turned on its head. His father would be so proud.
Tran pauses, eyes narrowing as she evaluates her chart, deciding what information is pertinent to two cops.
He’s not really thinking about anything other than getting a buzz when he sits down at the head of the dining room table, glass in hand. But when he sets the drink down, Dean notices the stain. It’s uneven, a blob of a spot about as wide as a dinner plate, darker than the wood around it. He stares at it for a second, unsure what would do that to wood. Then it dawns on him.
They follow the trail of dead bodies to a field outside of Topeka where Ellen Weatherby is sitting on a rock in the middle of the grass, sans demon, sobbing against the shoulder of Mary Winchester.
Dean sees Sam reach out for Eileen, grasping her hand and screaming, “Take me!” at the same time Cas’s desperate Enochian reaches a fever pitch over the wail of the storm. Dean opens his mouth to say “Yes,” but he’s never been good at giving in under insurmountable odds so what comes out is, “Just try getting into Heaven without one of us.”
“Holy shit!”
Jack is a reason Cas is dead, maybe. But not the only reason.
“You like him,” Claire says in a sing-song reminiscent of mocking children on a playground. “You want to date him. You want to looove him.”
Lisa nods at him.
James practically trips over his own feet to stand between the advancing angel and Dean.
“RICHIE!” Samuel screams, and Gwen turns to Dean and says, “You’re not supposed to be here; get back to the kids!”
) or at Lisa (
An odd look of longing crosses Dean’s face before he leans down to kiss Cas again, murmuring “Okay, just us,” against his lips.
“How does it feel?”
Caleb’s eyes dart nervously around the clearing, but there’s a reason Dean waited until they were alone to do this. He lets the older man fidget in silence, waiting him out like he’s a hunter watching a deer step into his sight.
! You
“I have a life here, Anna. Responsibilities. The kids. Halo.” He raises an eyebrow. “Balthazar and you.”
”Sam,” he says, relieved. “Are you... you? The Sam who came into Dean’s mind with me, I mean?”
She means for the words to sting, to carve out and lay bare his deepest insecurities, and they do. Cas takes a controlled breath before saying, “You’re just not—”
“I don’t know you,” he says, and it’s clear it’s a lie meant to poke at the rage and horror kindling in Dean’s veins. A lie meant to ignite. “Perhaps there’s a way you could remind me?” And then he has the audacity to look at Dean’s lips and lick his own.
The sense of utter rejection that washes over Dean surprises him. He balls up his napkin in one fist, trying not to squash the sandwich in the other. Stupid, to expect James to just say, “Yes, of course I’ll come with you, and then I’ll reunite with Claire!” That’s not how life works. Dads are shitty. Dean of all people knows that.
He holds a skeletal hand out, and Cas’s grace, mixed with his own, starts to swirl around, rising toward him. Cas watches it, jaw clenched, muttering something in Enochian that Dean can’t understand and Lucifer doesn’t seem to notice. Now that the vessel is disintegrating in front of them the storm is picking up, wind howling over the plains, rain pouring down in sheets. In the lightning Dean swears he sees a face — massive, leering, inhuman. He looks back at the mangled man in front of them. If they don’t stop this, Lucifer’s true form will be loose and there will be nothing left of them — nothing left of anything.
face at her. She swallows. “Sorry to interrupt. I’m in a bit of a hurry, but I’m sure I’ll see you around later, Dean.” She forces a smile and pushes past them, disappearing into the house and down the hallway.
“I should have let it kill me!” Cas all but snarls with such force that Dean leans away from him, stunned.
“You’re afraid of them?”
“Guyliner?” Cas is flummoxed.
Joshua walks over to Sam, ignoring Eileen’s protest of “Don’t!” and touching a finger to his forehead. Sam braces for some unknown hit, but nothing happens.
“I— I don’t know what you want me to say,” he manages.
Dean thinks he might hate this other Sam.
“JESUS FUCKING CHR—”
“A major conflict of interest,” Cas agrees. “But we haven’t really made out yet—”
Well. Not all of it. Because as he floats, Dean still finds himself reaching for the one person who could always ground him.
were impossible," Dean pointed out, "Just thought I'd ask." It was silent again, and Dean wished anything would fill the noise, so he did. "Where are you from, Cas?"
Sam, Dean and Bobby had always managed to to work together in near perfect tandem. They never got in one another's way or stepped on toes. It was like perfect routine every time they worked together. Sam was never as thrilled about working at the shop with them, but when he did, he enjoyed it to some extent. He wasn't as handy as Dean, but he was one hell of a secretary, and Dean liked to tell him as much. They closed the shop an hour and a half later than they usually did, and they tromped over to the house, each worn down in a different way.
When Castiel came into work the next day, he was down to two patients, Mrs. Hutchinson and John Doe. They'd discharged Mr. Smith from the ICU onto the Floor Unit to be monitored by the fully capable nursing staff downstairs. He was glad at the recovery, and he greeted his nurses with a smile, "Good morning."
“Cas,” Dean moaned impatiently.
“Your face is red,” Castiel pointed out, head tilting. “Do you feel okay?” Dean nodded, but before he could really answer, Cas was pushing closer and laying his palm flat on Dean’s forehead.
Bobby crossed the floor to Dean, taking him by the shoulders, "It's okay, Dean," he said. Bobby wasn't the warmest person in the world, he was gruff and hardened, but when he pulled Dean in for a hug it was warm and Dean, even now at twenty-two years old, felt safe. Bobby patted Dean on the back and then pulled away. "
"Fucking
"It started as an effect of your head trauma, likely from your head hitting the steering wheel or dashboard of your vehicle." Dr. Novak said. He had his hands folded in front of him, he looked somber. "The blood has pooled and started to cause swelling in your brain tissue." He retrieved the file from Dean's bed and pulled out a black and white image. He passed it to Dean. "This is a CT Scan showing the mass. It's called a subdural hematoma, and it can be a very dangerous issue."
Cas sighed again, all long suffering and disdain, and then said, “Look, I shouldn't have said anything. Can’t you just forget that it happened.”
She smiled, “He comes on a lot of them.” Dean opened his mouth and then closed it and averted his eyes so she couldn’t look at him anymore. “It’s okay that he does. I like Cas.”
When he woke up he was scared; all by himself in a stark room with a scratchy quilt and no recollection of how he got there. The fear faded into rage before too much time had passed and he'd pressed the call button and started trying to get up. It was hard because he was dizzy, but he was also fucking determined.
"Well, they have been. On occasion."
Dean looked from the pictures up to Dr. Novak. He could feel his chest stuttering. Nerves and raw fear building up and rolling under his skin. His body was launching a threat. His goddamn brain was bleeding. "What happens then? What do we do? Can you fix it?"
"You've seen her?" Castiel said, sounding awestruck.
Dean did look up at that, "What did you call them?" he asked.
he corrected.
"Look, man, if you don't want to tell me, it's fine. Just thought I'd ask."
“You forget lots of things. Just make this one of them.” Castiel’s voice wasn’t mean or condescending, just concerned and maybe a little hopeful.
Dean rolled his eyes and walked past his brother on his way back into the kitchen. "It's not like that," he contested. Sam followed Dean back in, pulling himself up to sit on the counter.
it felt good. Dean half laughed, half moaned and Cas swirled his tongue around the tip of Deans' dick. It made Dean's toes curl, and he clutched his sheets in his fists. Castiel hummed against Dean's cock, and it made Dean feel like he was coming unglued. "Christ," Dean moaned, "you're fucking good at this."
. Nothing quite like that."
He would never make someone feel bad for hurting or exploring explosions of pain that had rippled across their lifetimes.
"Mom," Dean whispered after a period of silence so thick he had cotton mouth.
lucky lady?"
He filed the backroad away for future reference.
They drove on in silence.
Dean swallowed hard, "I asked her to try talking to me. I wanted to hear her voice." Castiel was silent, and Dean rubbed his face, upset but not surprised when his hand came back wet. "She touched me," Dean said, "on the shoulder. I could feel it, not just see it."
“Movie?”
“I haven’t even known that long. When did you really figure it out?”
Castiel pulled back so Dean could do as he was told, and when he did, he heard Castiel make a congested noise in his throat. "What's wrong?" Dean asked, feeling flighty panic rising in his chest. Instead of saying anything back, Castiel grabbed two handfuls of Dean's ass and squeezed. It was unexpected but went right to Dean's cock and he moaned.
His pager beeped with a code from Dr. Masters in the ER. He raised and eyebrow and hurried down the stairs in the back corner, arriving downstairs surely before an elevator would've deposited him. He found Meg quickly, a short, dark haired spitfire currently doing chest compressions on a woman who was bleeding through a massive wound in her chest. He rushed over to where Dr. Masters was, and she looked up at him, face severe, blood on one cheek. "She's bleeding out," a resident said sounding panicked.
Dean felt himself start to sweat and he swallowed the bad taste in his mouth. "I was, uh, just going for a drive."
"That's what I'm trying to figure out," Dean explained, "I don't know why he wouldn't just tell us."
“You said that already,” Dean said hotly.
"Dr. Novak," Zachariah said, "are you aware of the status of the man who was brought into the ER earlier?"
"What for?" Dean asked.
“No she doesn’t.”
“Where were you?” Dean asked, voice muffled by his pillow. He rolled over but didn’t look at Cas. He didn’t have to. He already knew what he was doing; relaxing onto his bed with some book - probably for his medieval lit class - and purposefully not looking at him. “Cas?” Dean questioned. Castiel was quiet. He sat up and shrugged. It was too warm in their room. Cas liked it warm, and Dean kept the fact that it bothered him to himself. He cleared his throat, “Cas, I don’t…” he rubbed his eyes, “We need to talk. About what you said at the coffee shop.”
Dean stared at him for a second, studying the look of the man before him. He was tall and broad shouldered, with days of scruff on his cheeks and kind eyes. Dean shook his head and then paused and said, "Can you help me figure out who I am?"
shifts now?"
“Oh, of course,” Dean grumbled dramatically.
Castiel looked up when Sam Winchester walked through the doors of the coffee shop they'd agreed to meet up at. He had met Sam through an introductory ASL class offered a few years ago at the Palo Alto Community Library. He and Sam had become fast friends, he had even been the one to introduce him to Jessica, and occasionally, they met up for coffee when Castiel had a day off.
Cas took Dean’s arm and looked at his watch, at the same time, Dean said, “6:30.”
K. Milligan. He recognized the name vaguely. Almost not even a memory. He stared at it.
"Leaving," Castiel supplied, "I had some questions about my car's engine. Dean was humoring me."
Castiel had one eyebrow perched high on his head, "Um,
“That’s not important,” Dean said. “I’m not gay.”
Sam's heavy footfalls and laughter echoed up the stairs, punctuated by him shouting,
"Bitch."
Sam's eyes cut up to Dean's and he said, "Shut up."
"Don't know," He said, "go ahead and read it though. Let me know if it mentions my parents. John and Mary."
Bobby's office was the one cluttered place in the house because it was the one place where Sam had zero say over anything. Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and turned the flashlight on so he could look around. He didn't even know where to fucking start. He lowered himself into Bobby's chair, and looked over some of the loose papers on the desk. Nothing noteworthy, receipts for the shop, an old copy of Reader's Digest, and a multi-paged document about demonology.
Castiel left an hour before close, leaving Dean to his devices, which just so happened to be another last minute oil change, this time for a fifty something balding guy who should've known better than to wait 8,000 miles for a fucking oil change. Dean locked up and headed back over to the house, shaking dirt off his boots when he stepped inside. Sam was sitting on the sofa in the living room with his laptop, typing furiously. Dean looked at him and sighed, walking past him and into the kitchen.
He went downstairs, and headed for his Impala. It was dark, the sky spotted with stars, and it was still warm, but not as sticky hot as it had been earlier in the day. Dean pulled up Castiel's address, and plugged it into the GPS on his phone as he slid into the driver's seat of the car. It was almost fifteen minutes away from Bobby's, but Dean was determined, so he headed out.
"She's proud of you," Castiel continued, "and she's not mad about college."
Castiel praised, voice husky, and Dean rocked back again, cock throbbing and wet with precome.
nice. If you get close enough you can feel the water on your skin."
"Bobby's office," he said, "I recognized another name in the yearbook. Kate Milligan."
“So,” Dean said, placing the small porcelain plate on top of Castiel’s work so that he was forced to pay attention to their conversation. “What’s really going on?”
Bobby guffawed, "It's not a fat joke. Just saying, could keep ya a little healthier. 'Specially if you keep having pie for breakfast."
Castiel walked closer and gripped Dean’s arm. He looked deeply at him and then said, “Dean, you’re not.” Dean wasn’t going to be the one to break eye contact. He squeezed Dean’s bicep and offered a gentle look that was so characteristically Cas that it made Dean’s chest constrict.
"Uh," Dean said again.
Castiel smiled and kissed Dean again. They stayed in that night, moving from room to room, never separating for too long. They slept in the same bed, wrapped around each other - but that was hardly new. When Dean woke up the next morning, he was alone and he almost thought he had dreamed the whole night up, but he stumbled into the living room and saw Cas and knew he hadn’t.
"Yeah," Dean said, lifting a shoulder, "tires."
Bobby had told Dean since he was a kid that he was going to go to college and make his parents proud - Dean always wondered if Bobby meant his birth parents, or Bobby himself, or all three of them. College seemed cool, so Dean had been onboard with Bobby's plan. Parties, no supervision, access to any mind blowing experience you could think of. The more he thought about it, and the older he got, the more he did want to go. It's just... he couldn't. The problem was Sam.
Dean nodded. Bobby did that from time to time, locked himself up in his office and claimed to be reading. Dean and Sam had snooped around enough as kids, though, to know that by "reading," Bobby really meant thinking about his deceased wife. She had died five years before Bobby had taken in the boys, and was the reason he'd started fostering kids to begin with. Bobby never talked about her, but she was in some pictures around the house, and her makeup and perfume took up a shelf in their bathroom. "That's good, Bobby," Dean said, raising his mug to his lips. Bobby nodded. "I'm gonna to head over to the shop in a bit. Know where Sam is? Wanted talk to him before work, but he wasn't in his room."
"No, thank you, Dr. Novak," Mrs. Hutchinson said quietly, running her fingers through her daughter's light hair.
want to make dinner."
"Where's Bobby?" Dean asked.
"I'm not mother..." Dean trailed off looking at Bobby. He crossed his arms. "So, Rufus has you working fucking
"Just let me use your car," Sam pleaded, all but clasping his hands under his chin.
Dean kicked his beer back up to his lips, "Night, Sam."
Castiel resisted the urge to go look, because that would be unprofessional, but he did raise an eyebrow and say, "Huh."
“Yes, Dean?”
"Cas," Dean said, kissing along Castiel's chest, "can you fuck me?"
Castiel blanched, “I did not say that.”
"Okay," Dean said. He tried not to act rude, because he'd been raised with manners. "Thanks." The nurse nodded and left the room, leaving the door halfway open, much to Dean's chagrin.
Castiel touched the picture of Bobby and John gently, and then asked, "Did you ever
," Castiel said absently, eyes picking something up just over Dean's left shoulder.
to college anymore.
Bobby was hunched over a station wagon in the process of replacing it's battery, while Dean tackled a Monte Carlo with faulty power steering. There were people waiting in their cars lining the driveway, and Sam was going from car to car, assessing the problems. Sam stepped into the garage and wiped his brow with the back of his hand.
“I know,” She said, smiling. “Talk to Cas. Be open with him.” She clutched Dean’s hand, and she was still looking at him like she loved him. “I’m okay with whatever you decide. Even if you decide that it’s him you want and… and not me.” She was still looking at him like she loved him so why did it feel like a goddamn breakup. She went inside without kissing him, and Dean walked back to his dormitory, kicking the rocks on the sidewalk and thinking about why Lisa suggested that he talk to Cas.
Castiel paused a moment before he asked, "Did you read her lips?"
"Yeah," Dean said. He felt breathless and worn out.
"Yeah, baby?" Dean asked. What if Cas wanted to stop? Dean would, of course, but he'd be a little disappointed.
"Softie," Tessa teased, and he rolled his eyes.
Dean gave him a look, “What did you do today?”
"Stuff it, Sam," Dean said dropping his keys on the table by the door and then pulling the door shut behind him and turning the lock.
"It's fine," Dean said, ruffling up his hair with his hand. "Just give me a sec to put on shoes."
"Oh, you, uh, probably don't want to do that," Dean said with an innocent laugh, showing Castiel the front and back of both hands in what almost looked like a surrender. His hands were grimy, and Castiel nodded and put his own hands in the pockets of his jeans.
Bobby looked pissed.
Dean's eyebrow raised again and he said, "You
"Let's hold off on that for at least today. Let's get her some breakfast and if she can hold that we'll let her go back." Castiel said and Sonya smiled.
Dean threw his cards down on the table, stood up, and retrieved the cold lasagna from the cold oven. "Dean, it's all right," Bobby said, "stop mother-henning."
"So," Castiel said as Dean made his way to his closet,
"Dean," Sam said, spinning his bottle in his hands, "are you worried about me going to college?"
He thought about his parents. About the gentle way his mother would tuck him into bed at night, whispering that angels were watching over him, kissing his forehead and smoothing his hair. About the way his father would play with him, teaching him to throw a baseball with any amount of dignity, hanging Dean's artwork on the refrigerator. Dean felt a swell in his chest and swallowed back tears, rolling onto his stomach. He squeezed his eyes tightly, and then coughed and opened them, peering back out the window.
Dean knew there had been by the way Bobby was slouched on the sofa -- legs stretched out in a wide V, feet planted on the floor by his heels, and neck propped on the top cushion. "Four," he replied with a grunt and a quick shake of his head, "I'm gettin' too old for this shit."
Dean rolled his eyes, "Seriously, man."
"That's understandable," Castiel said with another nod. "Well, maybe he had a good reason not to. Have you talked to him about this?" Dean chewed the skin on his thumb and averted his eyes. "Dean?"
"You've got those scholarship interviews tomorrow, Dean," Bobby sighed. Dean looked away, eyes darting to the left in his tell-tale look of shame. Bobby noticed and gave him a look, "What's
“I don’t know what you mean,” Castiel answered. His eyes were deep and complex and Dean had gotten over trying to pretend he could read them.
Bobby sighed, "I told Sam I'd take him to look at things for his dorm.
Dean raised his one good arm up to his face and rubbed his eye with a loosely closed fist. He certainly felt like he got hit by a car, or at least slammed
Sam smiled at  Dean sadly, "I know it's stupid but Dean--"
"Right," Castiel said, "Um, I came to talk to you about something kind of strange."
Bobby snorted and reached over to pat his shoulder, "Order takeout."
Dean was working in Bobby's shop, bent over a minivan with a fucked carburetor the next time he saw his mother. It had been a month since Sam's high school graduation, and a couple years since Dean had started helping Bobby with the shop.  He looked up for a second because the door chimed, and there she was, standing in the doorway of the shop with her hands clasped in front of her chest. It was the middle of June, and Dean's vision swam a little with sweat and heat, so he reached up and wiped his eyes with his forearm. He blinked, and there, where his mother had been standing only a second earlier, stood a young man with dark hair.
Some days, Dean wished he'd told Sam to get lost when he'd come looking for a place to stay after college, but Dean had kind of a soft spot for his little brother, so he'd ignored his inner voice and granted permission. He just... hadn't considered everything that would go into living with Sam again. Like, for example, how much longer his hair was post-Stanford than it had been when he was in middle school, before Dean moved into his own place. Or, another good one, the fact that living with Sam also meant living with his girlfriend Jess (who was actually really sweet, but it was a small house, okay?) The house was nothing spectacular, and cramped when Dean lived by himself, but now with two other housemates it was the equivalent of a New York Studio apartment, complete with the loud neighbors and faulty fire alarms... but, it was home.
Castiel lifted a shoulder and picked up one of the letters. "Who's Ellen Harvelle?" He asked. Dean glanced up at him from where he was pulling Kate's letter out of the envelope.
Castiel huffed a laugh almost to himself and then said, "You know I've worked here for years, you can come up with a better way to say hi."
Dean tried for a winning smile, "Not as late as I could've been?" He supplied with a careful mask of confidence pulled over how genuinely guilty he was about being almost forty minutes late. When Dean walked toward him, Bobby smacked him upside the head with his baseball cap before replacing it and telling Dean to get to work. He made his way to the back office, stepped into his blue-gray Coveralls, and then met Bobby back in the garage where an absolutely beautiful Triumph TR7 awaited him.
“I guess I just should’ve told you sooner.” Dean shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck, eyes darting away from Cas once more.
He stood and started to leave, but then he remembered the blue book he'd seen earlier that night. What the hell, he was already trespassing. Might as well get a laugh. Dean pulled the blue book from the stack, careful not to disturb anything that had been on top of it. He held it up and read the cover, "S.F. Washington High Senior Yearbook 1972."
"Who the fuck are you?" Dean asked. All the anger had bled out of him, and was replaced with genuine curiosity.
Castiel's face colored, "Not like that," he said quickly, "I... sometimes I have dreams that come true. Like, um, like premonitions."
"What does that mean?" Dean asked, "Bleeding in my brain."
Jody took a long drag, looking up as if considering it, and then she shook her head and said, "No, don't think so. I was home last night by eight. Don't think I've seen Bobby in a week or more."
. I'm pretty sure that's impossible."
"Sorry," Dean said, "can't sleep."
Dean nodded again, smiling disingenuously. "Yeah. I know."
Compared to Bobby, John was hot shit, his name listed on ten pages. Many were nothing special, his senior photo, the shot of the football team, the picture of him with Bobby, and a few of him sitting in the background of the cafeteria and classrooms. There were two, however, that stuck out to Dean. One was of his father dressed in a suit with a crown on his head, one arm coiled around a blonde in a chiffon dress who was also wearing a crown. The girl was his mother, Mary.
"So, your brother," Castiel said, as a subject change, "how old is he? You two seem close."
“Cas,” Dean said crossing the floor, “no.” He sat down on Castiel’s bed and swayed close. Cas didn’t move out of the way but he didn’t lean forward like Dean had maybe been hoping he would. “I’m just…” Dean moved Cas’s book off of his lap and onto the comforter beside him. “You dropped a bomb today.”
“Why are you apologizing?” Castiel asked removing his hand from Dean’s face and making an indecipherable gesture with it.
Dean brushed the head of his dick, feeling precome wet his thumb, using it for a little extra friction. He imagined it was Castiel licking a stripe on the underside of Dean's cock, and he moaned just a little, turning so he could muffle it with his pillow. He stroked faster, feeling the tension roiling in his belly. He canted his hips upward quickly, feeling his heart beating in the throb of his dick.
His boss, Bobby, who was more of a father than a manager, especially after their biological father left them, was waiting in the garage when Dean finally did make it to work. Bobby was the kind of nice that was real nice. The kind that wasn't afraid to call you on your shit, but would probably feel really bad about it an hour later. He was a friend more than anything, who gave Dean more chances than he probably deserved, and was definitely on the short list of Dean's Most Important People. That didn't negate the chill that filled Dean's blood when he saw Bobby waiting for him, arms crossed and eyebrows raised.
for it?" Dean asked, scandalized. "It's
you."
"Dean," she said with a nod, "how's it going?"
"It'll be weird," Sam said, "but I'll be okay. I really will."
Flash forward six months later and they were sharing a high rise apartment in Kansas City, and doing everything as a couple aside from, of course, labeling it.
Dean cleared his throat, “So for a while now?” Castiel nodded. “Well then, uh, why didn’t you say something?”
Castiel laughed, “What?”
Castiel nodded, "Of course."
Dean was sitting at the desk in front of the window in his bedroom. It was almost midnight, and Bobby had threatened him an hour ago to get to sleep, but he couldn't get his mind to calm down enough to even move from where he was sitting. He couldn't stop thinking about college. He'd been thinking about college
“Your conversations with Sam,” Castiel replied slowly, “or Charlie? Or really anyone who’s tried to ask you out since sophomore year?”
"Come on, Sammy," Dean teased.
Dean glanced at Sam and then said, "Right, yeah, sorry. I, uh, didn't sleep great. Must be, uh... seeing things."
and rushing into his room.
"How is the John Doe? Have we gotten his name?" Castiel asked.
Dean looked at him for a moment. He didn't really want to know. Not right now anyway. His stomach hurt and his head was still pounding, which, now that Dr. Novak told him what the hell was wrong with him, made sense. Right now, all he really wanted was a hug. He shook his head. "No. If we need to do it, you can tell me then," Dean said.
how you answer your phone?" Casitel asked with a snort.
"Loser gets dishes for the month," Sam said, focused entirely on his cards.
"Four oil changes, one headlight bulb, one wiper replacement, and a tire change," Sam said, reading from a piece of scrap paper that had been a receipt from Biggerson's at some point.
"Right," Dean said, clearing his throat. "Well, I don't know what that's about."
His deepest desires were confined to his family, both blood and otherwise.
Dean looked down at his lap, "Sorry for asking. Tough topic?"
She took a deep breath, “You’ve seemed tense,” she said, “all night.” Her hair was in curls, her eyes were bright. “Did something happen?” She asked. Dean shook his head a little. “With Cas?”
"Oh, come on," Dean said, "don't bust my balls." Castiel laughed again and Dean said,
"Just talking," Dean said uncomfortably, "Cas was just, uh..." Dean sent Castiel a helpless look.
Dean sighed and ran his hands through his hair, dropping his forehead to the desk. There was a knock on his door and he stiffened. He wondered if it would be Sam or Bobby or some other unexpected and unwelcome guest. It had been months since he'd seen a ghost. Dean stood and crossed the floor, pulling the door open a crack and peeking out.
Dean sat quietly for a second. Stunned. "Uh, yeah," he said, "sure."
"Dean," Castiel panted, and Dean pulled back to look at him. Castiel's eyes were dark with lust.
"So she talked to you, huh?" Dean asked.
Castiel nodded, "A few here and there. I didn't grow up with any of them though. They're all half brothers."
The moon was cutting a spear of white light through the floor, fanning onto the side of Dean's bed, settling just enough into his eyes. All at once, he felt at peace. He brushed some sweat off his forehead and dangled his hand over the edge of the bed, letting the air get to it. He could hear cicadas and frogs tittering outside in the oppressive, early June heat, and he let his eyes slip shut.
Castiel laughed, “Mr. Faris came again?”
Bobby gave him a side eye and then said with a smile, "Wouldn't hurt you to do some running."
Dean muttered,
Dean checked the clock on Sam's laptop. "Not shit," Dean replied, "What are you up to?"
Throughout their talk, Zachariah had been walking Castiel toward the Doctor's Lounge. Castiel blinked at the door and then shook his head and pushed it open. He went inside, clocked out and shrugged out of his white coat. He hung the coat in his locker and then headed out for the night.
"Oh, uh, I was giving him an estimate on tires. Didn't have any paper over there," Dean said, waving a hand.
awful."
“Most of our lives.”
Castiel pulled a smile to his mouth and tried not to look offended. Because, Cupid? Honestly.
Dean's eyes flashed down to Castiel's, and he licked the corners of his mouth. He wanted Castiel. He put a hand on the back of Castiel's neck and brought him in, Castiel smiled and pressed his hands to Dean's chest. They kissed. Castiel's mouth was warm and sugary, and Dean needed more. He pulled Castiel, by his hips, even closer, until they were pressed chest to chest and Castiel had to move his hands up to Dean's face. Dean licked into Castiel's mouth, and Cas became pliant, letting Dean push him back onto the bed behind him.
“Well, he is the one who broke it, Dean.” Cas told him, turning back to him.
you gonna puke?"
if he knew your parents?"
"Her daughter is worried about the possibility of infection," Castiel said.
Dean stuck his phone back into his pocket, and tried to make himself as busy as possible. After maybe ten minutes of cleaning tools with a rag, he ventured into the salvage yard, looking for anything fixable. He ended up starting work on an old Studebaker, a plan he'd had for a while, but didn't really have time for. He only got as far as changing out the headlights when he noticed a tan Lincoln Continental Mark V coming up the drive. He straightened, wiping sweat from his brow, and headed back toward the shop.
“You didn’t answer my question earlier. If there’s a guy, you can talk to me. I mean, I talk about Lisa all the time, and you never care.”
"What are we, Cas?" Dean asked. "'Cause I've been racking my brain trying to figure it out. I mean, are we friends, enemies, more than friends, hell, brothers?"
Castiel smiles sadly, without a word he takes Dean’s hand, intertwining their fingers and squeezing softly. Dean looks over, tears unshed in his eyes. They just look at each other until Dean looks back up. Cas begins to pull his hand away and Dean squeezes back.
Dean smiles and lets out a deep breath, the smell of beer filling Cas’ nostrils, “I gotta go to bed, big day tomorrow.”
“Hell no,” Dean answers right away.
Dean nods, “Yep and this asshole glued my hand to a beer,” he points his thumb at Sam.
“Ya know what? We never know,” he raises his beer to the sky, “Here’s to us, the fuck ups, saving people and hunting the things that want to kill us."
Dean looks at him softly, "Sure Cas."
Sam wipes his eyes from laughing before telling his own story. “That one time, in what Texas? When we had the prank war,”
“Night Cas,” he mumbles. Moments later Cas hears him snoring.
Dean looks up, pushing back his feelings once again with a gulp of beer. “Ya,” he sighs, “it ain’t easy. I never thought it’d be now."
They sit in silence for awhile, until Cas speaks up, “Do you think we’ll make it after tomorrow?”
Dean shakes his head once again, thinking he is dreaming. “No, no way Cas. Me?” he gestures to himself, “with my broken thoughts, huge death toll and, well my entire fucked up life?” he laughs bitterly at himself, running his hand through his hair. “When pigs fly,” he turns to walk away before turning right back, “you know how screwed up this is Cas? To do this now? When everything’s going to hell and a hand basket, I, I-”
Cas follows Dean back to his room and can’t help but laugh as Dean does a strip tease down to his boxers. Cas just climbs into the bed, waiting for Dean to join him. When he does Cas grabs Dean’s hand again, rubbing his thumb over his knuckles. "Good night Dean,” Cas whispers to the half asleep man.
“Yea, big day.” Cas agrees. Dean begins to go to his room, “You know, since I don’t really have a room,” Cas shuffles his feet and looks down, “think I could spend the night with you?"
“Fan-freaking-tastic I get to have slobber all over my shoulder in the morning,” Dean looks down at his brother. Remembering the days when they would share the backseat of the Impala to sleep because sure as hell dad wasn’t going to stop at a motel when the case was only 12 hours straight of driving away. The times that Sam would beg Dean to stay some place, where he was finally fitting in and Dean had to tell him “no.” The stress of a little, annoying, kid brother; but the unbreakable bond, love or whatever it was, keeping them coming back and caring like no other. Dean hints at Cas to get a blanket, and when he comes back he pulls it up and over Sam, “don’t wantcha gettin’ a cold,” he looks down fondly this time. A single tear running down his cheek, “we fought the fight and sure as hell we’re going down swinging.”
