“C’mere.” Tony might not like to be settled, but it was still ingrained in his biology to want to be settled and to know
“I…” Clint pursed his lips, trying to find something ridiculous to say so they’d crack and smile or call it all a joke or just quit
now?”
***********
“Steve, I-- I haven’t been to work in almost a week.” Peter started coughing in the other room and Tony’s heart twisted, stomach swooping anxiously at the sound. “I don’t have any food in the house and I don’t have any money to get any. I used the cash from the watch to go to the doctor and to pay for mesicine and now I don’t-- I can’t um--”
Tony stayed for
After his rushed shower as the Omega patted dry with a too thin towel and tried to focus enough through a migraine to figure out what he and Peter were going to try and eat for dinner, he realized his phone was ringing and
“I’m sorry, what?” And then scrambling to save the moment, “No, I’m sorry. I was distracted by the view. The city skyline is gorgeous and I didn’t mean to miss out on the conversation, I’ve just never seen the water from this particular point of view and it’s um--”
swim?”
Everything had to be exactly perfect cos life had handed the Alpha an exactly perfect mate and god
“Howard Stark, I’m Anthony’s father.”
Clint and Peggy responded with an immediate, enthusiastic
“Yeah, I thought I would but I just… didn’t care.” he frowned, brows pulling down wrinkled. “I just looked at him, at my
Tony scooped a healthy portion of the noodles onto Pete’s plate, and he just barely got the plate on the table for the hungry baby when his phone buzzed again.
“Oh what the hell.” Tony hadn’t won a single discussion about what or wasn’t necessary this entire trip and he wasn’t going to start now. “Get the fireworks.”
“Mr. Lee, but a nice couple like you all can just call me Stan.” Mr. Lee winked and then clicked his tongue at the golden. “Excelsior! Come on, pup! We still have a ways to walk!”
“Hey!” A loud voice from the doorway and the pair was jostled rather rudely first by Valkyrie and then by Hope who was racing the mouthy Beta to get to the devilled eggs. “I called dibs on the stripper! Stop hogging him Steve, you can’t invite pretty people and then get greedy--!”
“Omega.” Steve’s eyes shaded soft red, sleepy scarlet as Tony lay back in the pillows with rumpled curls and kiss swollen lips. “You are so beautiful. So beautiful, I am so in--”
“No soda, and the next time I catch Clint sneaking to give it to you, I’ll take his giant ass down.” the Omega said firmly. “Apple or orange or some milk?”
“Bought and paid for.” Steve confirmed. “But those aren’t why I wanted to eat up here. Didn’t bring you up here to show you what I’m paid to work on, I wanted to show you my favorite personal projects.”
helplessly as Steve crooned into his ear.
. “But the sentiment stands. I want you good and pampered and relaxed, sweetheart. Take a day, take a weekend, if the gift card isn’t enough just call me and I’ll pay for the rest, I don’t care.”
Steve didn’t look at Tony’s phone when he brought it back upstairs along with a bottle of water and a glass of wine, and he waited patiently while Tony checked whatever messages needed to be checked and then put it away on the nightstand.
“Get!” Steve flung a handful of noodles at the Omega, who squealed and set the plates down on the counter, dashing for the living room with his wine glass held carefully with both hands. “Brat!”
and Bucky swallowed uncomfortably. “You’re my best friend, Stevie. I’m tired of seeing you miserable all the time. Tired of seeing you in this big house and no one to share it with. Tired of watchin’ you at your art shows wishin’ someone was there to be proud of you besides me and Tasha. And it’d be fine if ya didn’t want someone, but I
over his shirt, settling and then resettling it at his waist, tucking it in and blousing it, then untucking and tying it into a side knot near his hip, which he immediately
None of those what ifs mattered because Tony had chosen
he worked full time as a waiter at a diner near midtown,
a nurse who would keep a record that could very easily make everything about their life look terrible and Tony was nauseous about the possibilities.
“Of course, give me the child, come here.” Peggy bustled forward and trilled coaxingly at Peter when he fussed about being separated from Tony. “Go wash your face, Tony. Put on some clean pajamas and comb your hair, sometimes a little self care goes miles towards making us feel better. Do you have any cold medicine?”
Steve Rogers, Captain America, the man he loved more than anything was literally admitting that his biggest most intense fantasy was to be strong and healthy and dependable enough for someone to want his
the forty dollars?”
want. Have you decided if you want him or not?”
“I miss you too, Omega.”
“--desperate?” Natasha asked, and Steve glared at the phone- “Like I wasn’t
“And are
“Heard a lot about you too.” Less welcoming and more measuring. “You comin’ in or what? I’m missing the game.”
Tony’s eyebrows did another near imperceptible twitch upwards and
“Yeah yeah yeah, I got you.” A calloused palm circled round Tony’s cock, swept through the pre-come leaking at the head and used it to smooth the way down into firm, fast jerks, matched in time with the thrust of Steve’s tongue into Tony’s ass and the scrape of his teeth across sensitive sensitive skin that had Tony keening, writhing, fucking forward into the too tight hold. “That’s right beauty, gonna make you come so hard, want to hear you screaming for me, come on.”
“You’ll have to forgive me.” It took every stitch of the Alpha’s self control not to growl in
Bucky was gonna stake out this honest to god depressingly terrible diner until Scumbag showed his face, then he was gonna haul Scumbag in and get his check, and
For a moment Tony just stared down at the message, then he swiped over to a picture of Peter on his phone and stared at
“I love you.” They kissed slow and longing, sipping at each other’s tongues and nipping sharp bites at tender lips. “And I want to be the safest place for
“No.”
“I’ve got a handwritten letter stating my intent to vacate.” Tony shoved the letter through the mailbox slot for the landlord along with the key and a receipt from the rents month that he’d already paid in full. “Also emailed one over as well. It’s not as if he could come after me for rent or anything since I never had a contract, but at least I know I did what I was supposed to do, right?”
-- “Oh look at that, Pete!” Peggy had innocently wandered into the kitchen with Pete, but upon seeing the rapidly devolving situation she switched the toddler right back around and headed for the living room. “Did you see we left a toy down here? We better grab that and hurry it back up to the bedroom! Come on, Bug! Nothing to see here!”
washed by some hot Alpha?”
“My god, I’ve never been more suspicious in my life.” Tony muttered. “How does four o clock sound?”
“Omega, I--” Bucky swore under his breath, then swore again when the curse made Tony jump. “Sorry. Shit. Listen, I dunno what I expected t’find when I saw ya outside that hotel and now again at the diner but you gotta believe me, I was just tryna make sure you weren’t gonna fuck my best friend up. Steve straight up loves you and I wasn’t gonna stand there and let you hurt him. I had no idea about--”
seeing anyone else. Is that okay?”
Tony didn’t know the answer to a whole lot of anything just now. He didn’t know how to feel about Bucky dumping them here at Steve’s place, how he felt about the lingering tension of the Command buzzing at the base of his skull, or how he felt about Steve
“Okay.” That meant more to Steve than it probably should have, and he had to swallow a pleased rumble. “Seventeen, huh?”
Every single one of Steve’s friends were
, rough and hungry and clinging to the last shreds of his restraint.
“I’ll see what I can do.” Tony threw his apron in the laundry and pulled out his phone to text Steve that he was coming home early. “Love you.”
“Buck.” the blond answered evenly. “You about to apologize for railroading Tony like that? Cos that was
Without the thought of eggshells and midnight hanging over his head, the next time Steve looked up from across the breakfast table and asked hopefully, “What if we go furniture shopping for Pete today? Get him that car bed and maybe a few things for around the house?--
“And especially when he doesn’t know I have a valid reason for turning him down.” the Omega agreed. “It's not that I don’t want to go to a last minute concert or an art show, but I can’t just throw clothes on and run out the door. Even if it worked with my work schedule-- which is never does-- what about Pete?”
“God, I’m so sorry sweetheart. The thought of you so young and scared like that--” Steve leaned over and kissed Tony square on the lips, grateful to his core that the Omega and Peter had somehow survived. “I can’t even imagine.”
Close to eight weeks later, the Brooklyn apartment had been designated as the Friday night date night spot for Steve and Tony, a place to escape the world and their responsibilities and to disconnect entirely from what it meant to be an Avenger.
proud of his mate when Tony stated, “We’re only a few months out at this point, actually. Simply finalizing the venue before we send out invitations to our already fully decided list.”
“I missed you too.” Tony buried his nose in Peter’s soft hair and inhaled sleepy baby scent. “Peggy. Thank you for keeping him for me.”
“Steve–! Steve!”
“My Alpha, you’re so beautiful.” Tony whispered, biting at his tongue so he wouldn’t whine when Steve only cocked his head and
of self control and came right home. What was I
at Bucky only a few minutes early, the Alpha’s cedar scent lit like woodfire
he’s here scenting terrified!” Steve’s fangs made a reappearance, eyes blazing and a snarl threatening at his throat. “You broke in and then what, kidnapped him to this part of town to embarrass him or-- or to force him to come clean with me or--”
Another kiss at Tony's wrist and then a little further up the inside of his forearm, a nuzzle and lick at the crease of his elbow and the Alpha sighed shakily as he nosed over the short sleeved material of the blouse, inhaled at the dip of Tony's arm pit and nipped a the curve of his collarbone before finally
getting sick now.”
...It never ended. He was never caught up, even with
“Well then please don’t look in my top drawer.” Steve deadpanned, and the sound of Tony’s laughter echoed through the brownstone as the Omega wiggled away and went upstairs to find some pajamas.
Bucky took advantage of the growing chaos in the kitchen and grabbed at Steve’s arm, yanking the big blond out into the living room so they could talk a moment before the game started. “Stevie, how you doing?”
“Maybe I could help with that?”
It was
The Alpha pretended to think about it, then nodded faux seriously, “You know what, you’re absolute right. Buying you diamonds-- with paint on my face, I might add, feel like that contributes to the authenticity of all this-- buying you diamonds
Tony flashed his little fangs in an amused grin. “I think I’d pay good money to see you in full protective flotation gear. Do you wear just the arm floaties and life vest or is there an inner tube around your waist too?”
“Two of the days.” Tony nodded. “Me and Clint have got that interview at the new place later this week, and I’m only going to work three days--”
“I love you.” he whispered, and Steve whispered back, “Because I burnt the gravy?” and their shared laughter eliminated the urgency of the abruptly interrupted arousal, allowing their next kiss to be sweet instead of ravenous.
trying to be open about something difficult, Tony grabbed at Steve’s hands and made an immediate effort to be serious.
“Pretty Omega.” Natasha was all fangs when she smiled up at Clint, teeth glinting and eyes sparking in interest when she saw him in the fitted pants and collared shirt. “Good to see you too.”
“Tash means that sexy times get
“She is literally terrifying.” Tony chuckled and the Alpha rumbled in teasing agreement. “How is someone so small and so pretty that scary? And how does Bucky handle her?”
like church. We have a date scheduled next Wednesday.”
“Hi doggie!” Peter didn’t have an ounce of fear in his little body and he swaggered right up to the oversized golden and patted at him vigorously. “Hi!”
when a tremor of thready chamomile reached his nose. They might have laughed through the better part of the date but being close two different times-- even for mostly innocent reasons like when Steve had tried to correct his blunder about Tony’s age and now when Tony tried to wipe his face-- had proved that the initial attraction from their first date hadn’t waned at all.
“Pete’s my entire life.” Tony set his phone back down and left a flurry of kisses on Peter’s cheekies until the baby laughed and tried to squirm away from the tickles. “And what's going on with Steve is just an arrangement. Sugar Seeking Sugar. I can’t let myself fall in love if it will affect our life in any sort of negative way, I just can’t take the chance.”
right now.”
“Are you still going to punch him?” Tony wanted to know. “Cos Clint’s still pretty set on knee capping Bucky and breaking his nose.”
His boyfriend
“Was-- was it me?” He whispered, not really wanting to know but almost needing the confirmation so he could cry about it later. “Did I mess this up?”
, just enough to unleash some of that strength and stamina and good
The Omega didn’t scream though, only hugged Peter up to his chest and kept waiting until they were allowed to go home.
been inconsistent? Has he ever been anything except sorta dorky and super honest and good ol’ boy sincere?”
“Is it weird for you because your
“I need to go.” Tony shook his head and the Alpha’s smile dipped only a little bit uncertain before he nodded, “Alright, if you’re sure.”
“Yep.” Tony flinched just a little when the Alpha’s voice jumped a notch or several in shock. “One of
“If you weren’t so handsome when you get flustered, I’d feel bad for laughing at you.” Tony giggled a few more times but pulled it together enough to give Steve’s hand a few consolatory pats. “Don’t worry about it, being a waiter has desensitized me to basically everything, including scandalized looks from old ladies who shouldn’t be eavesdropping on conversations.”
“I wanted to give you this?” the nurse continued softly, holding out a business card and pamphlet. “The people at this place are real nice, they specialize in helping Omegas struggling with addiction or with holding a job down or anything like that. You might give them a call, they could give you a warm place to sleep for a few nights or point you in the right direction for a job.”
“Steve, I don’t want you cancelling your birthday plans for us.” Tony said quietly and Steve just said as quietly, “I’ve never had birthday plans better than this, so what’s the issue?”
“You’re the Captain?” Tony leaned away and squinted at the Alpha. “
“Pete’s a
Bucky and Tasha!” Steve said louder and Tony closed his tight and giggled a little nervously as the two Alphas grumbled good naturedly and gathered their stuff to go. “Lock the door behind you, Buck!”
“It’s better than all the things I thought you might say.” The Omega relaxed a fraction, his scent easing a notch. “And trust me, I’ve sat here and sat a lot about all the things you might say when you came through that door. Telling me I’m pretty wasn’t-- wasn’t on the list.”
“Pete!” Steve snatched Peter up just as the other man was kindly calling for him to slow down and
Most mating nights took place with the Omega on all fours, the Alpha knotting them from behind because it was easier but Steve wasn’t concerned with easier and Tony purred so sweet when he pinned him to the pillows face to face that it would be
“Yeah, I’m very pretty.” Clint narrowed his eyes and straightened out of a slouch to his full height, every
“Yes, you can scent me.”
hard not to pull at his collar, no matter how hot the couple made him feel. The restaurant must have jumped twenty degrees the second those two Alphas started grinning at him and he was starting to
for his mate.
up at the Alpha, wrenched his head away and popped his fangs warningly. “Don’t touch me there.”
it wasn’t technically Bucky's business, and sure sure sure
“Alright then.” Steve didn’t join Tony on the bed no matter how badly he wanted to crush the Omega up into his arms and hug away that sadness. Instead, he pulled up one of the over stuffed chairs near the empty dresser, situating it carefully around the boxes of Tony’s belongings stacked in the middle of the floor and sat in as non confrontational a pose as possible. “Can we talk about a few things? Or would you rather sleep it off first and we can talk in the morning?”
Too many appearances in too short a time and the state might step in claiming Tony couldn’t take care of him, there could be an investigation into their living conditions, into Tony’s work schedule and income to verify if they would be better off in the government run Omega housing and in
--Tony was dizzy, weepy, too sick to really think straight, too exhausted to stop a thready, anxious
because the Alpha was starving for the taste of Tony against his lips.
“Well shit.” Bucky swallowed, then swallowed again when his throat didn’t work the first time. “
after the toddler as Peter determinedly ran right towards an older gentleman with a huge dog.
“Yeah Omega, let’s go home.”
a week after the very first date, and now that it was eight dates and three almost four months later he wanted
“That’s exactly what I wanted to hear.” Steve laughed and then kissed him once, twice, a third time because he couldn’t help himself. “I’m going to get you some water, I’ll be right back.”
killed someone with scissors’.” he said flatly. “Don’t play.”
“I’ve got about fifteen minutes before break is over.” Tony shucked his apron too since he needed a fresh one before the start of his next shift. “You got food?”
in surprise. “And good luck prying them apart, but if you’d like to meet him…”
story was a way of life Steve had no insight into.
“Uhhhhh.” Bucky looked decidedly
“Did she ‘give up’ on coming?” Alpha Sam was next through the door, shoving past Bucky and tiptoeing around Tasha to drop his crockpot full of the worlds best pulled pork on the counter. “Or was she ‘banned’ from coming because she threw a plate at the TV last Superbowl?”
But then--
that Omega is less than impressed with how you handled Tony.” Natasha kept staring after Clint, green eyes ringing admiring red as she watched him play with Peter and laugh up at something Tony said. “Can’t say I blame him, I briefly thought about poisoning you.”
he didn’t want to do this today, he did
. “Baby, that’s so good--!”
beneath his hands. “Nice to meet you.”
“I would like a friend.” Tony agreed after a moment of thinking it through, “And I appreciated your picture not being um... exposed... too. Not to be icky about some of the profile pictures I saw, but--”
“I told you I was--”
is a deal breaker then--”
“Night night, Bubba.” Tony hit order on the app and set the notification to go to Peggy’s phone when it arrived. “Love you.”
“So.” Steve groaned just a bit when the Omega pulled away from him, but not willing to risk another walk in, he quieted the instinct to snatch his almost mate back. “I’m going to try and scrub the gravy pan. You pull down the waffle pan and we’ll switch directions for breakfast, then maybe we can talk about a shopping trip for rings?”
“I didn’t really like that venue.” Tony changed the subject, and Steve took it as the hint it was. “The hotel is beautiful but the more I think about it, the more I want to be married outside. Maybe upstate, away from the city.”
in the Alpha’s scent. A strand of red hair got wound around chubby fingers, he blinked up into her green eyes and dimpled into a smile sweet enough to make the Alpha light headed. “Tash.”
“I was thinking about preschool again for Pete.” the Alpha began, patting at Tony’s hand when the Omega tensed. “Not that we’re in any rush, because we
you calling me crying. I would
where it lingered on the Alpha’s skin. “God I-- I
He had emptied and refilled his drink three different times by the time his phone rang with a return call, the scotch making the Alpha tipsy and maybe an embarrassing amount of
“Oh good Lord.” Tony’s face burned in embarrassment. “I um-- yes, when I bought this shirt, I ran through the intimates section and picked something out without holes in it.”
he’s hot Tony. How big’s his knot?”
“Good.” A couple eggs cracked onto the griddle, Steve seasoning them quickly then adding a sprinkle of cheese since that’s how Tony liked it. “So what, we need to baby proof the place? Is Pete allergic to anything I should get rid of? We can go shopping and set up his room this afternoon if you want.”
“For two hundred dollars you can tell me anything.” Clint joked, but his smile fell away when Tony’s eyes brimmed with tears. “Oh hey holy shit, what’s wrong? What’s wrong, babe? I thought you were happy just a second ago, what happened?”
“Pete! Did you play in bubbles?” Tony faux gasped, and Peter burst into another string of incoherent chatter. “Oh my goodness Bubba! That sounds so fun!”
as he dragged Tony’s hips back and up, propping the little brunette up on all fours and then shaking his head– “No no, want you down like this.” –and pushing Tony’s forehead into the pillow.
Tony’s jacket, he asked, “Are you okay to leave, Tony? I don’t want you going anywhere if you’re not all the way together.”
“We own the place so there’s no lease, but we’d be happy to sign a contract for you to live there for a year at a time so if you decide to break up with us at any point, you don’t have to worry about suddenly having to find a new place.” Natasha added. “Does that sound alright?”
“Babydoll, it ain’t stalking when you’ve got a private investigator’s license.” Bucky was quick to argue, but then-- “But yeah. Yeah I’m gonna stalk him some.”
the wages Tony had missed while he was sick, but before he could blurt out anything that would most likely sound like he was trying to buy the Omega, Tony added--
he had counted out everything correctly and
away and no matter the promise in Steve’s voice when he asked Tony to share his complicated life…
It was a different nurse at the Urgent Care this time, but Tony didn’t catch her name. The Omega hadn’t hardly slept in the three almost four days since the last visit, sitting up through the night listening to Peter cough and worrying through out the day when the fever kept coming back and the toddler couldn’t manage more than a few sips of liquid at a time.
still dripping from Steve, his entrance deliciously sore and thighs sensitive where slick and spend trickled anytime he moved too quickly or god forbid
“Why would they assume you stole it?” Steve was honestly baffled. “I mean, you had the bag and everything, it's not like you came in, took it off your wrist and handed it over, right?”
Steve just hadn't realized
Tony was too fucked out to even pretend to be scandalized, still too stunned by the absolute
“You know what, Carol?” Clint was a solid foot taller than the pretty Beta, but he ducked his head and flashed his fangs in a clear flirt, “I’d let you clean
want Tony as a roommate, no Alpha wanted a highly independent, slightly traumatized Omega with a toxic father and a kid for a roommate,
“As I said, I work full time, so
“Are you going to go home with Steve for Memorial Day?” Natasha asked as most of the other friends moved away to tune back into the game, green eyes sharp as she zeroed in on Tony. “I’m
“Safe word.” Steve shoved the lingerie up Tony’s back until he could get his mouth on every inch of exposed skin, kissing along the bumps of Tony’s vertebrae and nipping at the dimples low at Tony’s back. “Babydoll, give me a safe word and give me one
“My Omega, you
would be impressed if he ordered beer, so wine it had to be.
“I want to tell you not to go.” Peggy said softly. “But I know better than most that sometimes we just have to do what we have to do to survive.”
“Your favorite color is an alchemic mistake?” Tony washed down another big bite with a sip of water. He hadn’t eaten in close to twelve hours, and had given Peggy his meal from the diner because sometimes the gentle Alpha didn’t eat much either and she needed her strength to keep Peter for this date. He was
He stopped when he saw Tony staring at something over his shoulder. “Omega? What’s wrong?”
“No, you don’t want groupies.” Bucky allowed, and then with a sly smile, “Or at least not the ones that get all groupied out for
“And the diapers under the bed, the extra medicine in the cupboard and the bills in the box on the counter.” The Omega started to look less defiant and more scared now, gnawing at his bottom lip and holding his arms tight to his body. “Bucky. Why are you here?”
“I don’t do any of that.” Steve looked honest to god confused and even a little horrified. “Why would I watch dirty movies or touch myself when you aren’t there? That’s--that’s-- No! I wouldn’t do that! I mean, sheesh Tony, doesn’t that feel like cheating to you?!”
“Literally no chance in the slightest.” The Omega denied, smiling when the Alpha audibly pouted through the phone. “But I’ll come over when I can.”
“That’s good–!” Tony was gasping, drooling, grabbing at the sheets and clutching at the pillows as his body jerked back and forth with each hard push. His cock bobbed unnoticed between his legs as Steve dug bruises at his hips and used them as leverage to yank Tony back again and again onto his length.
. “I don’t know how that’s gonna happen but-- but-- but I’m on board.”
“Take it.” Steve was panting, sweat glistening off his muscles and flopping damp hair into his eyes. He kept a firm hold at Tony’s ass so the little brunette couldn’t scoot away and set his other hand at Tony’s navel, pressing hard and groaning when he could feel the bump of
. You take care of this little angel any way you need to, just be careful do you hear?”
“Oh that’s fair.”
Steve swiped dismiss on the notification so he could keep looking at Tony’s picture, memorized the sparkle in the Omega’s gaze and the tempting patch of porcelain skin showing just at the hollow of Tony’s throat where his shirt dipped low.
“Child, I know Omegas and women who
even a tree house.
“Nobody cares about that.” Clint glanced out the window at the dining room again. “Only an hour till closing time, you wanna take off early and get home? It’s gotta be a hell of a drive.”
me. You feel skinny though, have you been eating? Are you hungry? Let me make you a plate and get you some food and--”
“Peggy!” The Omega’s scent shuttered
I thought you’d think but I didn’t want it anyway. I’m not proud of where we and Pete have to live but it was the only place that would rent to me.”
“I don’t know if I’ll be able to sleep without worrying about him.” The smell of the soup heating on the tiny stove made Tony’s stomach cramp with instant hunger. “But could you maybe hold him just a little bit while I eat?”
“Take the whole damn day---” he licked and suckled at Tony’s nipples before moving lower. “--whatever service you want--” grabbing greedy at the Omega’s ass. “--then come and see me when you’re all silky soft and relaxed so I can give you an
“No, but I figured you wouldn’t. It’s harder to show off your throat when you’re buttoned up all the way.” Steve heard what he said a second later and blanched four different shades of
“Yes.” Tony dug his nails in the breadth of Steve’s back, reached low to palm at the Alpha’s thick cock through the front of Steve’s pants. “Yes, Steve. Right here. Please.”
“Oh.” The unexpected thoughtfulness had Tony’s stomach up in butterflies all over again. “Well, thank you. What were you thinking?”
“Different.” Steve said blankly, fingers tightening possessively at Tony’s hip. “Honey, I will never want anyone other than you. You’re my entire world, I can’t even imagine
working but she’s going to act like since
“Wait what–?!”
was severely taxing his self control at the moment. “He had fun today. We both did.”
, honey. I think I forgot how pretty you were since I’ve seen you last.”
“Choc’lit!”
Steve paused only briefly, “Honey, I want to take care of you and right now this is the only way I can do it. Use the card for what you need and don’t think twice about it. And if you aren’t feeling up to a date on your first day off next week, that’s fine. Maybe just-- maybe just call me? Even if I can’t see you, I’d like to talk to you.”
“I just don’t want to feel like I’m being ganged up on in my own home.” he fussed anxiously the night before the party. “Most of your friends were being generically nosy but Bucky and Natasha sort of went for the jugular the first time we met! And then knowing that Bucky was basically stalking me? That he’d already made up his mind that I was
“Two weeks.” the Omega confirmed, and then with a smile sweet enough to turn the Alpha into a puddle of mush-- “I can’t wait.”
and redid into a knot at his navel, but then the tails were too long and fell over the front of his pants which seemed like a direct arrow
He was stunning, almost breathtakingly beautiful and Steve audibly gulped when he clicked the picture to see it up close. “Tony.” he breathed. “
“Alright then.” Rosewood layered perfumed
who bought a white couch? No one could do
“It’s a big family thing too.” Bucky added, a big hand spread possessively at Nat’s thigh as the couple tried to suss out exactly how Tony felt about Steve. Hiding at the Alpha’s side all night and
“Every single one of the profiles I looked at had an age range of twenty one to twenty three.” Steve paused to order another basket of fries for the table when the waitress passed by, then continued, “I guess there’s some sort of stigma about being any older than college age for uh,
was going to pout too. “Mr. Lee said a couple of weeks, right? You’ll be fine, you both will manage a few weeks without a dog.”
...every single one of Steve’s friends were
. “I can assure you, I’m about the furthest thing from married.”
“But I don’t-- I can’t--”
one had been the only feasible way to survive. “I’m able to work because I was willing to let the owner pay me cash under the table so he doesn't have to pay taxes and then I don’t either. Getting a better job, a better apartment or any government help like food stamps would require me to provide my Social Security Number and… and my Social Security Number automatically excludes me from any of those options.”
“Maybe stop trying to guess what I’ve been eating judged on the way I taste?” Steve asked hopefully, and Tony was quick to shake his head, “No, I shan’t.”
Three little fingers were held up and Steve nodded equally as serious as he took the precious toy. “And how many are you?”
did Steve gentle again, sucking slow at the Omega’s lip and soothing the hurt until Tony was purring again.
.” The Omega gulped. “I don’t have a lot of fancy clothes if you want to take me out places.”
between their bodies, vibrated through Tony's core and skittered through his veins like sparks popping behind his eyes. “You smell so good, sweetheart.”
that would be a full day.”
“Oh calm down.” the big blond rolled his eyes and went back to cooking. “I simply went out there and handed them the dessert. They asked where you were, I told them I sent you home, asked if the offer of forty bucks was still on the table and they said quote ‘not for a big ass Omega like you’ which is fair--”
Steve’s house was
“If it were a big deal or even the slightest bit sketchy, there wouldn’t be an app for it.” Clint countered flatly. “Invalid point. Any other objections? Because all that’s standing between you and making sure you never have to count pennies for Pete’s diapers anymore is schmoozing up to some rich Alpha.”
“-- bite me, Omega. Bite me, make me yours.”
Tony couldn’t imagine Steve would want to talk about missions that had involved back up in the form of Sam, Diana and Valkyrie taking to the air in winged exoskeletons code named Falcon, Golden Eagle and Pegasus, he couldn’t imagine a conversation that would explain why Hope and Scott had been sent undercover and had trauma bonded to save Scott’s life one night when a mission had gone terribly wrong, he couldn’t fathom a time when it would be appropriate to discuss why Bucky and Natasha had an almost palpable feel of winter to their scent, a sure marker of a life lived alongside death and destruction and
“Outside opinion? Sure. This painting makes me wanna depress-eat a pint of that low fat bullshit Tasha calls ice cream and listen to emo music in my truck from high school.” Bucky snorted, and went to get a piece of pizza. “How much you getting paid for it?”
“You know love, one could argue that perhaps if you were with the Alpha
Tony's contented, pleased laughter carried in clear from the living room, and Steve paused in stirring the sauce long enough to hang his head and blow out a carefully measured breath.
thing he wanted was for Tony to be afraid of him.
didn’t want to think Tony was taking the fantasy further by introducing something involving
It might have been day four or it might have been day five when Peter finally started sleeping for more than a half hour at a time, and the first stretch of few hours where the toddler wasn’t waking crying or coughing, the Omega peeled himself off the bed and stumbled towards the tiny bathroom for his first shower in days.
**********
are living a sort of life I wouldn't understand.”
No, that would
“Damn it, Tony.” Steve looked both scandalized and more than a little frustrated, and with a flash of realization that the blond was really
when he picked up the phone, liquor loose and sun soaked like he’d been partying all day long. “Hey sweetheart, I was wondering when you’d call! I thought you fell asleep!”
moments-- tonight when he had forgotten this entire thing with Steve was an arrangement, there’d been several moments where Steve was buried inside him and Tony was coming apart at the seams that he’d let himself listen to the praise the Alpha had poured over him and fell willingly into the
Tony’s throat moved as he swallowed, and Steve ducked his head to follow the motion with his lips, notching his nose at the Omega’s scent glands and nipping his fangs just lightly at Tony’s collarbones.
“Fun days for
the Alpha had intended Omega mate that was sweet and funny and gorgeous enough to stop traffic, the chance to be Dad to a two year old that was easily the most perfect child in the world, the house was full of laughter and the sweet scent of family and honestly, the Alpha was so happy he really might just
, I’ll never forgive you.” the cheeky Omega  decided and Steve just laughed under his breath and left a quick bite at a rather tempting bottom lip. “Steve, I’m serious. I refuse to allow my child to curse like a character in an old timey black and white picture.”
A deep breath. “Except I didn’t come out of it fifteen minutes later like they do in those adult films, it took me the better part of a day after my heat broke to have the energy to just
it, worth every second of extra work and effort and time it would take to stretch Tony open around his knot in
Brand name spices and ingredients instead of discount imitations, specific heat products that would make his next round physically and mentally easier… Omega biology had a tendency to shut down during times of high stress, and Tony hadn’t had a proper heat since Peter had been born but he had a feeling that moving in with a virile Alpha and finally being able to relax meant he’d be due for one sooner rather than later and he wanted to be prepared.
Steve bent to flatten his tongue to the lace, soaking it through with spit as he traced up the curve of Tony’s length to the wet tip. He growled when Tony’s fingers landed in his hair to make him stay, and when Tony gasped over the noise, Steve did it again, buried his nose in the dark hair closest to Tony’s sac and
massage.”
“I can’t wait to see you, Steve. I-- I miss you.”
“Two weeks?”
“Tell me one more time how you used a Command on my Omega.” Bucky hissed when Steve pulled him off the wall and
for company and it had been so long since Tony had been on a date, much less a date in a high end steakhouse that he’d almost forgotten what it was like.
And then after a moment to think, “Even if it
“Stop, baby. You don’t have to tell me how you spent the money. I believe you, it’s fine.” Steve cursed under his breath, then muttered a quick apology. “I’m not upset with you, Omega. Don’t think that. Settle settle, alright? What can I do to help? Can I bring you groceries and medicine? Order you groceries and medicine? What can I do?”
“If I say no are you going to drop me on my ass on this very expensive tile floor?” Tony dug his fangs into Steve’s ear lobe and
.” Tony huffed. “I don’t even know what that means.”
had had diamonds on it and that had just been normal.
“Look bud.” Bucky sighed. “I know it was my idea to do the whole sugar baby thing, but I gotta tell ya. I’m real worried that you’re half in love with that Omega and he’s not anywhere near in love with you.”
be mad at him for leading ya on.” Bucky argued, and Steve countered, “It’s an
of them except Bucky and Tasha knew we were an arrangement, which is the only reason you being a little evasive raised any flags. Them thinking you were hiding something when they also thought we were in a full blown real realtionship is completely negated once they realize you were trying to protect Pete.”
**********
“Good.” They shared a quick kiss and then the Alpha saw a big box of fireworks and cried, “Look at
“Calm down.” the nurse made another note on her chart. “Getting hysterical won’t help anything.”
“...okay.” Barely audible, but Tony put his cup down and grabbed the Alpha into a desperate, tear stained kiss when Steve leaned over to press their mouths together. “We’ll stay.”
“No, Tony.” Steve huffed a laugh. “No, but can you come out here and talk to me for a minute?”
“Christ, no
more presents.
“For deciding to stay.” Steve whispered, voice gone deep and hoarse. “For deciding we could do this. I know your mind wasn’t real made up until just the other night and I’m so glad you want to be here with me. Glad the
in this part of town appreciated a pretty Omega with bright blue eyes and a smile that promised mischief. The staff was friendly and the boss was willing to dive in and work right alongside them. Customers didn’t throw things or shout disgusting propositions as he passed and holy hell all the silverware was actually silver… it was a good set up.
“Well it’s a real big deal, actually.” There was a note in Bucky’s tone the Omega couldn’t quite place. “You know what it means to Tash to be trusted with kids, and after what happened with Tony, it's a real big deal to me too. What time should we be there without any thing even resembling a Nerf gun or super soaker or a little suction suit we found online so he can climb the walls like a spider?”
and that’s the only thing that matters.”
dishes.”
“Fuck you, I’ll be nekkid when I want.” she replied calmly. “Why are you going to be late, my love?”
sank into the Omega’s entrance, Steve nearly missed the little bit of lace Tony was wearing, but the Alpha stopped in his tracks when he caught a glimpse of blue on Tony’s leg.
“No, I didn’t come back for that.” Tony knotted his fingers in the material of Steve’s shirt and hesitated, hesitated. “Steve, can I-- can I stay? The night, I mean. Can I stay the night here with you.”
“What?” A flare of panic that Tony quickly tried to squash. “No, I’m not seeing anyone else. Um, are… you? Do you have another… sugar baby?”
“No, no I want--
“I don’t really know.” the Omega said slowly, like he was having to pause and think every word through. “I’ve missed a whole week being sick, so I’ll have to make it up and I’ve got to pull a few doubles to help out some friends who took my shifts while I’ve been out. Can I-- can I text you and let you know?”
“Alright, so I’d cry after losing trivia night.” he said instead. “Now tell me what’s wrong with my second shelf.”
as his cheeks were held wider and wider apart so Steve could watch himself disappearing into the tight channel. “God, look at you taking all of me, opening up like this, I wanna fuck you till you can’t even walk, make sure you know I’m the only one that belongs right here.”
“Yeah, cos I haven’t heard that before.” The Alpha rolled his eyes. “When’s your birthday? All you said when we met was that you’d be twenty one in May, but May’s almost over so…”
was a whole truth. “I stopped taking lessons--”
“You’ve got a splot of paint on your face.” Tony whispered. Steve cursed in surprise and frustration when he caught a look at himself in one of the mirrors, and the Omega laughed quietly. “Bright gold is a good look on you.”
?” Tony touched his cheek self consciously, suddenly envisioning all the long hours in the hot diner, the times he’d helped cook over the heavy duty fryer and how his once high maintenance self care routine had dwindled to only scrubbing at his face with a wash cloth before bed. “Do I look
pleased to know she could afford to pay half of it with her pension and said thank you very much for paying the other half.”
“As good as it ever is, which is basically terrible.” Tony looked around the studio again. “Steve, what happened in here? Do I need to apologize for this? Or-- or pay for this?”
aware that when you’re stressed about rent it’s hard to care about being courted.” Natasha pulled a wad of bills from somewhere in her crop top and tucked it right into the pocket of Clint’s apron. “You tell us how much you need to not be stressed and we’ll take care of it. Then in six months you just pretend to be surprised when we announce we want to lock you down mated.”
“There’s no Alpha around here, is there?” he asked abruptly, and Tony shook his head. “The old gal I saw ya with comin’ out of the Hotel Brooklyn?”
spend full days away from the child?”
“You’re a Stark.” Steve sat back against the couch, stunned. “And your Dad-
Steve had money and it wouldn’t hurt him to start acting like it.
, surely twenty year olds sent dirty text messages to people they were going to sleep with…?
“It’s okay.” the words were muffled in Steve’s shirt as Tony burrowed in close. “It was really nice of you to introduce me to the people in your neighborhood, Mr. Rogers.”
“I’m still sorry.” Steve turned his hand over and captured Tony’s, holding on to the slim fingers. “Is this okay?”
“I… don’t think we’ve been on enough dates for me to be able to answer to that without coming off as controlling or maybe even desperate.” Steve hedged. “But in the interest of being honest, I’ll say I’m glad you’re
Clint
“I'm glad you're here tonight, Tony.”
“You know.” Tony ran his bare foot up Steve’s still covered thigh, curling his toes purposefully over the hard jut outlined beneath the zipper. “Doggy style? I guess it sounds a little beastly, a little rough. Less like making love and more like
. You seemed like a real person and that’s what I want. Someone real. I know this is meant to be a mutually beneficial relationship, but I hope that means we can be actual friends, and not like you said-- a
He stopped when Steve dropped the spatula on the griddle, the Alpha’s frame tensing and knuckles bleeding white where he gripped the edge of the counter tight trying to keep himself together.
Tony tried to sound sassy but knew it only came out breathless, “Mr. Rogers, I’m not sure I could walk to the bathroom if I wanted to.”
“Why though?” Clint folded his arms and leaned back against the sink, happy to ignore the table of Alphas calling loudly for their check. “
“Mr. Rogers.” the waiters at the steakhouse were all Betas, neutral biologies and bland scents and well trained in the art of catering to wealthy Alphas and their dates. “The wine list, so you can make a decision for yourself and your guest.”
was a night Pete should be at his side, squealing over the huge bath and making a mess with the chocolate strawberries and sleeping content in a comfortable bed without worrying about a draft coming in from thin walls or their neighbors fighting and waking them up.
“I lost my Mama when I was thirteen.” Tony dashed at tears on his cheeks and sniffed loudly. “Dad just disappeared, I never saw him after we buried her and then I went to college at fifteen. The next real conversation we had was when I told him I was pregnant and that only lasted long enough for him to cut me off and kick me out. I don’t
Putting everything away at the brownstone was actually super fun. Steve had so much extra space in his house that most days it had been slightly depressing thinking the Alpha had nothing to fill his home with.
“My Mama passed when I was thirteen.” Tony blinked back the instant tears in his eyes at the thought of his sweet Ma. “It was Dad. He’s an Alpha.”
“Peggy.” Tony made an awkward, confused gesture. “And Clint from the diner but they’ve got their own lives to worry about. It’s just me and Pete.”
The Omega’s eyes darkened in confusion, mouth opening ready to ask a
“I like everything about this.” Steve dug into the crease at Tony’s hip before moving his hand and starting over again at Tony’s knee, this time lifting the skirt and slipping his fingers up the slick stockings, breath coming faster as Tony wriggled encouragingly on his lap, audibly
clear to you.” Steve planted both his hands on her desk and leaned over just enough to be intimidating, just enough to make her swallow uncomfortably and take a step away. He wasn’t the type of Alpha to use his size to intimidate anyone,
“C’mon.” the Alpha’s scent warmed in understanding of Tony’s speechlessness as he stood with Peter in his arms and crossed towards the stairs. “I’ll carry this guy downstairs to bed for you. I know he needs a bath but he’s out hard and the paints already dry anyway. We’ll just put a towel down and wash the sheets tomorrow, okay?”
“Like a mermaid.” the Omega confirmed. “I love the water.”
“This sugar daddy of yours.” Peggy took her lipstick back and tossed it to the table, making her way towards the bed to catch Peter as he toddled to the edge and looked like he was going to
“One.” The Alpha agreed with a smile, but then-- “
“Tony.” Natasha was tiny and yet just so damn
“The one Steve gave me.” Just that fast all the anger washed from Tony’s frame, leaving the Omega hunched and sober as he went to coax Peter to sip the liquid medicine. “I tried to return that watch he got me so I could use the money on the kids sale at the mall. The manager at the store
He made a useless gesture. “About any of this.”
Tony hesitated, but the Alpha was all earnest blue eyes and an engaging smile as he crunched away at a French fry, so finally he admitted, “I feel like there’s
cos we had doctors come to the house. It never would have occurred to me to find a sugar daddy or— or trade sex for money. That is literally
“You’re a good Dad, Tony.” he replied readily, and Tony’s eyes filled with tears as if he’d never heard the words before-- or maybe as if he doubted those words every day of his life. “I can tell just lookin’ at Pete that he’s happy and healthy and real safe held up against your heart. Thank you for letting me meet him.”
“Oh man, that was super convincing.” the other Alpha said flatly. “Wow just-- just super convincing. Super convinced me Stevie. Disregard all my other questions, you’re totally convincingly
But being melancholy wasn't the right mood for tonight, so Tony tried to move past the moment with an only slightly forced amount of cheer, “I guess not. If a mom-recipe can't get the job done, then we're all in trouble, right?”
...anyone like a rebellious Omega of only seventeen who had flaunted the rules of the Stark patriarch and walked out the door to live his own life.
if I was seeing other people?”
. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Steve gave up waiting on a message from Tony and put his phone away, but he couldn’t deny the way his thoughts lingered on the Omega, on the honey highlights in the dark eyes and the soft blush when Steve had touched him, fangs so delicate they made Steve wonder if Tony’s
“I--I--I--” Steve had never been so confused or turned on in his
Peter ran from spot to spot in the park as Steve and Tony walked the paved, meandering sidewalk and kept a close eye on the toddler, snapping pictures with their phones and interrupting their own conversation to answer the myriad of questions Pete had about the birds around or the squirrel still snatching at food or the other people that wandered by.
“Can I have you like this?” Steve managed the entire sentence this time, eyes ringing scarlet as he plucked distractingly at the waist band of the tiny underwear. “Right here on the floor?”
suffer through that Alpha buying you expensive clothes from some high end rich kid store? My god is your life tough.”
it sent Tony off into a round of laughter and accusatory pointing and exclamations of how
a fully licensed PI these days, Mr. Barnes? I’m sure you can handle some detective work by yourself.”
instead. “Picked out what colors you wanted to see me in?”
-- then--
needed to be held and cuddled close and kissed and taken care of so instead he broke down a little and
“You called me when you were sick and told you didn’t have any food in the house.” Worry creased at Steve’s brow and strained in his scent. “You had to work doubles for most of the next two weeks to make sure you could pay your bills even after I helped. I am more than happy to let you use my debit card for groceries sweetheart, I’m more than happy to set you up with a debit card of your own so you never have to worry about it again but I can’t-- I
“I told you.” Steve dried his hands on a towel and turned to face his mate, pouring as much love and adoration and
“How long did you play the piano for?” Steve scanned the list of milkshakes as if he didn’t order the same one every single time. “I don’t have a piano at the house, but if we end up somewhere with one, I’d love to hear you play.”
knowing you’re going to be here in the morning.” Steve turned off the last lights, then leaned in to kiss Tony goodnight, turning the Omega in bed and scooping him in close until Tony’s pert rear was snugged to the Alpha’s hips and Steve was curved protectively around him. “Goodnight, sweetheart.”
and she’s one missed meal away from eating Bucky for lunch.”
“Sure. I’ve got Pete, come on down when you’re ready.”
to use for the rest of his life.
He was running on fumes, exhausted and melancholy and simply sat
“Stop.” Steve clapped his hand over Tony’s mouth and ordered faux firmly, “Do
But then-- “Stop!” Tony snapped back into reality and
, Omega.”
?!” Steve roared, grip tightening at Bucky’s shirt. “You’re one to talk, you piece of shit! You used a
, Omega.”
The two Omegas worked hard and they worked non stop and even though Bucky couldn’t hear the comments called to the waiters, he could tell just by the shared grimaces or the uncomfortable flush at Tony’s cheeks that most of the conversation directed their way was most likely vulgar, perhaps harassing and almost guaranteed to register as some form of sexual harassment. It made the Alpha
--” Steve jabbed at his chest. “-- was already in love with you. Their behavior was about protecting me and the second Bucky saw Pete, his behavior became about protecting you. Nothing is more important than kids. I could call up Sam right now and tell him ‘Tony is my sugar baby because he needs help paying the bills to support his kid’ and I guarantee Sam would move mountains to get you a good enough paying job you wouldn’t need me anymore.”
fine when Steve looked up from the couch and saw him, when those blue eyes lightened in surprise then warmed in approval, flickering red for only the briefest blink as Steve’s gaze dropped over the Omega’s croppy top camisole and lacy, see through blouse and those damn leggings Tony
**********
“I can’t blame myself?” Tony scoffed out loud. “Why not? It sure
“Tony.” Steve portioned out half a dozen pancakes and dotted extra chocolate chips on top. “Omega, did you never tell me about all this cos you thought I’d stop seeing you? Or
“I know it isn’t.” Steve kissed his forehead. “I’ll check with a few of my contacts and see about some decent waitressing positions for the two of you. How’s Clint going to get from that end of town to somewhere higher end, though?”
“Oh.” Steve’s entire expression changed towards
fun on a white couch.
Natasha had done most of them and the kitchen wasn’t even in bad shape considered just how much food and alcohol had been consumed, so the Alpha finished in a few moments and took himself into the living room to do a final check for left over snacks that would bring ants or any spots on the couch or carpet that would need to be pre-treated before the cleaners came the next day.
in your mouth that has you all goofy like that.”
Tony raised his eyebrows and the Alpha admitted self consciously, “And no, I don’t think I’ve ever actually sat on it.”
judged them for-- the sea bass and steak, lobster mac and cheese and asparagus as well as the rest of the bottle of wine he had purchased-- and the second they stepped outside the restaurant, Steve yanked at his tie and shoved it into his suit pocket, rolling his shoulders and popping his neck as he undid a few buttons at his collar.
Peggy just
money amount, maybe enough to do one nice shopping trip a month and eat out several times. It certainly wasn’t enough for rent anywhere outside Tony’s slummy apartment complex, it wouldn’t even touch the rent on an apartment anywhere close to where Steve lived, but it was an amount Tony stressed over every damn day.
and instead linked his fingers with Steve’s and let the blond lead him out. “I’m sure this will be just fine.”
— working that many hours on their feet made the Alpha cringe.
Starks. Actually just
“Seriously, you will remove your feet from that ottoman or I will remove your feet from your body.” Steve was rushing around the pristine living room in a flurry of additional, entirely unneeded cleaning. “I just had them washed and if you leave muddy prints on them, this big vein in my forehead might actually burst. Move.”
and call it a day.”
button on the app, a picture profile uploaded, all of his preferences listed out, the amount of money he was willing to spend a month set, his list of expected behavior and list of hard no’s on behavior filled in as well.
If there were a moment before when Tony had considered kissing less intimate than scenting someone in public, all manner of that particular thought
First was a facial to erase the years of stress and waitressing from his skin, and the exhausted Omega fell asleep the moment the esthetician put the first warm towel over his face to open his pores. An hour and a half later, a Tony was gently awoken and shuffled back into his robe, it was off to the next room for a deep tissue massage that nearly made him cry before everything finally
“We could do a trivia night date.” Tony missed reading, even if it were outdated encyclopedias and he nearly
Tony waited a moment and confessed, “Clint I just feel like I’m walking on eggshells right now. I feel like something’s gotta give. And it’s not-- it’s not
“I am
in delight at the teasing. “Yeah, I suppose I deserve that. Is there any special reason why you set the schedule at two weeks?”
Tony wasn’t prepared to be grabbed and yanked, to be flipped right over and pinned onto his stomach. “
“Say all that a little bit louder.” Tony popped his fangs and scowled. “I’m not sure the guy at table three heard you talking about how I haven’t been laid in almost a month, that’s fine.”
was Tony convinced to do whatever it took to get Steve to the point of being just a little selfish in bed, just a
s part. “Take a hundred dollars, okay? Actually take two.”
Sure there hadn’t been zip ties and spotlights during their interrogation but Steve had still been pissed about it and Bucky-- well Bucky was a good enough Alpha to know he owed Tony an apology, even
“Steve.” Tony held up his phone by way of explanation. “He invited me to a thing with his friends and I just-- I am running out of ways to turn him down for these sort of things. He’s never upset or asks why I don’t ever accept the invites but....”
“Hammer!” Tony nearly shouted, jumping when the lace panties nearly torn in Steve’s grip as he stretched them across his ass. “Safe word is Hammer, it’s the least sexy word I know!”
“Captain Rogers, I could say quite the same thing about you.” Tony laughed softly when Steve moved to mouth down his throat, tipping his head back to allow the big blond access. “I appreciate the hell out of you in that uniform, but you really do clean up sort of ridiculously--”
With one last peek at Natasha holding Peter and Steve still watching sort of stunned, Tony slipped back towards the foyer to meet with Bucky before he lost all his courage and simply
The baby squealed in delight when he got tickles at his toes…
Steve didn’t know. “No no, this is a perfect gift, you don’t need to get me anything else.”
“Oh heavens no.” Tony waved at Peter when the toddler held up a rock and shrieked in excitement over the odd shape. “I’ve just been depositing the full amount into her rental account every month so if there’s ever additional cleaning needed or new furniture or when it’s time for someone from the nursing facility to start visiting during the week, the money is there to pay for it.”
Tony tipped his head up and purred as Steve’s lips moved to his cheek, to his chin and down the line of his throat, the Alpha groaning sucking a kiss at his pulse as if Steve were
The Alpha turned from the stove, jaw working for a few seconds as he searched for the right words then apparently gave up and instead offered, “You know what, Bucky said you had a crib. Is it a new one? One that converts to a toddler bed or should we go get Pete a big boy toddler bed?”
, the usual honey highlights dimmed by the weight of the past. “And I’m fine. I just didn’t realize what it would be like to see him again.”
The boxes full of pretty things from Steve came along, as well as another pile of clothes and extra toys for Peter. The robe off the bed, an extra set of clothes, the phone Tony had left in Peter’s crib playing music to keep the baby company while he’d been gone... Bucky even dug under the bed for the unopened box of diapers and balanced that on top of everything else before hurrying back down and across the street, hoping and praying that the only benefit to him crossing that line of a Command would be that Tony was still there waiting.
“Thank god.” Tony hooked his arm through Steve’s as they strolled. “So what else are you wanting to spend money on?”
cry?”
“Uh…” Tony looked down at his black pants and white shirt. “This? I’ll have to wash it real quick but it should be fine.”
she assumes is all over the place.” Tony scooped Peter up and patted at his back. “That hurts worse than what happened at the store. I don’t care if they think I couldn’t afford that watch because you know what? I can’t afford it. I sucked Steve’s dick--”
“A kid is a pretty big detail.” Tony picked up his phone to check the messages. “So is the fact that my last name is
“...yes?”
Steve
“Good night, Peggy.”
Tomorrow he would pay at least his electric bill and maybe his water bill since that was due this week too, then he’d be able to sleep without stressing, which was a miracle all in itself.
Alphas were big but Steve was
The Alpha was
The shower was a quick affair, Steve struggling to soap up and scrub down when his cock was half hard, cheeks flushed and mind racing with all the questions about
“Yes sir, one of our one bedroom suites.” She raised her eyebrows expectantly. “Would you like me to have a porter escort you to check in and then you can return here to the lounge if you’d like?”
“...I love them.” the Omega paused in replacing a particularly pretty camisole in crystal blue with tiny, embroidered roses at the seams, lingering over the matching shorty cut panties. “How long did it take you to pick everything out?”
“Clint--”
second date, I’d be asking to see you in like, two days. Maybe even tomorrow. I’ve had more fun meeting with you the last two times than I think I’ve had in the last two months, and if you ask my friends, more than I’ve had in the last two
and Steve breathed it in almost reverently as the Omega stepped a little closer to avoid a puddle. “And walking like this instead of forcing myself through a stiff evening that feels like a transaction is... Nice. Much better than what I expected. I was nervous to the point of throwing up before arriving and now I feel so much better. You freaking out a little bit and ripping your tie off went a long ways towards making this easier.”
“YES!” Tony could barely breathe, the room blurring hazy around the edges and white spots dancing across his vision. “Yes yes yes! Please!”
, wanted to shove himself balls deep into his lover and thrust and thrust and
sweetheart, I just don’t think I’ll ever tired of seeing you first thing in the morning sleepy. You’re so gorgeous like this.”
“Tony,
his little mate until they were slick together, grinding together, kisses sloppy and bites desperate as Tony pleaded with him to
“I uh--” Tony was still having a hard time talking, and Steve kissed his knuckles again, rumbling under his breath until the Omega’s shoulders relaxed at least a fraction. “I’m fine. Didn’t really expect to have that strong of a reaction. Still getting used to-- to this. To us and actually having options.”
“Diana and Valkyrie are active duty full time. They still get deployed for specific missions, but most of their time they spend training new recruits at the base so they can be close to home.” Steve squeezed at Tony’s waist, grateful for the kiss when he’d been vulnerable. “Hope and Scott work for a super secret branch of the government and you can’t repeat that, or men in black suits will show up to take you away. Sam’s in the Reserve and works at the veteran’s center as a counselor. Bucky got his private investigators license and is both an investigator and sort of the world’s scariest bounty hunter when certain government branches lose track of people on the Most Wanted Lise and Natasha…”
“Oh sweetheart.” Steve pulled them to a stop when Tony’s voice cracked. “Hey come here--”
when he saw them.
“A surprise?” Steve kicked out of his shoes and grabbed at Tony’s hand, kissing his boyfriend’s knuckles as he followed him towards the bedroom. “What do you mean not so loud, I thought you
“It’s fine.” Tony pressed at Steve’s palm, heart rate jumping when the Alpha squeezed his hand gently. “What were you going to say about money?”
!” This time Tony laughed for real, and smacked Steve’s hand away from his stomach. “I meant let’s start with one in the
“Hey hey.” the Alpha shook his heads, pale eyes ringing in red for a tense few seconds. “I’m not really askin’ here, Tony. Get your shit, get the baby, get downstairs.”
“The name’s Bucky, but I let the most gorgeous Omegas call me Bronco.” Bucky didn’t skip a beat, parting his lips and licking suggestively at his fangs. “You wanna know why they call me Bronco, beauty?”
“Look. I’ve only held Peter for a minute and a half but if anything ever happened to him, I would kill everyone in this room and then myself. Is everyone perfectly clear on the situation?”
The Alpha paid for dinner every time, always ordered Tony dessert even if it was to go, there was a couple bottles of the wine they’d had that very first night in the pantry and once a few dates had ended at Steve’s home, Steve picked out a new blankets for Tony to cozy into and after the Omega murmured that he loved them, Steve bundled them right up and sent the package home in the car with Tony and just bought
“Tasha, stop.” Steve rolled his eyes. “Tony’s been sick, this is the first time we’ve seen each other in a few weeks, I haven’t had a chance to even talk to him about Memorial Day.”
, your sugar baby, is welcome to be here any time and another thing to say me and my kid that you knew nothing about are welcome here.”
The morning had gone from teasing to practically undressing each other to conversations about rings and weddings and bonding and now--
“Clint!” Tony cried in exasperation. “There is a
And Steve visibly shuddered, whole body racking through a tremble as his eyes snapped closed and his hands tightened into fists, a damp patch spreading on his khakis as his cock
“Obviously.” Mr. Stark repeated, and he sounded almost relieved. “I had thought for a moment you lost the child too, thought perhaps you were so traumatized by the events that you’d decided you couldn’t come home and maybe left the city entirely.”
part and Steve didn’t understand that, but he pressed on, “Tony, whether we are an arrangement or not, whether we met on an app and you have an allowance or not-- none of that matters. You are my muse, you are my
“Because you spend the night keeping Pete safe.” Steve was stunned to realize how much it must have torn Tony up to stay with him that first night, how the curfew was set so the Omega could get home to tuck his baby into bed at a dangerous apartment complex. Tony must have struggled through every single date, smiling and declining when Steve asked for
“I am happy.” Steve’s kiss was a little less sweet and a little more possessive. “So happy. I don’t need anything else. Especially not dirty movies and wild fantasies.”
Another one of those smiles that was closer to a grimace. “--he even offered to drive me to get the morning after pill, he admitted that he’d taken the condom off cos it felt too good and that makes him a grade A asshole sure, but he told me he’d help me out with the pill and recovery once he realized how messed up I was. He wasn’t a bad kid, but neither of us really understood the enormity of sharing a heat, much less what it meant to be settled. I’d never been settled before Peggy, I was only seventeen. And he was just--”
….It was another few minutes before they could peel apart, before the Alpha could bring himself to lift free from the clutch of Tony’s channel and move off to the side so he didn’t squash the Omega flat and the second there was even an inch of space between then, a thready whine broke from Tony’s throat and he tried to cover his face with his hands and hide.
, Tony really
He was beautiful.
or get out-- and Tony before he’d been not quite eighteen and pregnant, cut off from his family and his fortune and trying to find his way in a world he’d never even imagined.
“He knows there are things about my life I don’t share, but I’m sure he thinks those things are like…” Tony blew out a short breath. “...I don’t know. What do normal Omegas stress about? Grades at school? Partying? An outfit for my birthday? Steve has no idea about Peter and the longer we go on doing
the questions had been in defense of his best friend’s heart.
in his core where Steve had stretched him full and had him...screaming…
“Then we’ll take it.” The Alpha’s gaze tinted
“Steve?” Tony took a drink of the wine to calm his nerves, and watched the Alpha carefully over the rim of the delicate glass as Steve just kept
“Nope, let me and our Bug snuggle for a while. You just enjoy some time with your Alpha.”
“Mr. Rogers.” Tony meandered into the kitchen yawning, drawn by the smell of coffee and peppered gravy. “It is far too early to be both cooking and smiling. Pick one and stick with it.”
“Yeah, you’re right, you don’t wanna come across disrespectful, nobody likes that.”
run the return no questions asked, give him cash back, give him another piece, whatever the hell he wants, am I clear?”
“Presents later?” Steve mumbled as he hauled the little Omega up into his arms and headed for the bed. “Yes?”
“You don’t eat a lot of salad or eat alot of fruit, do you?” The Omega teased. “Pretty sure those come out of the ground and end up tossed on plates.”
***********
“Peggy’s already started a poker club with some of the building residents because she decided Bingo was too boring.” the Omega chuckled softly. “She loves the new place, was
“Listen, man.” Bucky leaned back against the desk and folded his arms, running his tongue over his fangs as he thought about the most polite way to say this-- “If payin’ some sweet pretty Omega to go out with you to dinner is the best way to keep you from bein’ so desperately fucking lonely all the time, I’ll pay for the first date.”
, and Tony let his appreciation and adoration shine through his smile when he purred, “Thank you, Alpha. This is an amazing birthday gift.”
.” Steve gripped his own cock when it flexed at the sight of Tony
Tony as three years previous and
“Tasha, you look nice today. Love the leather vest on you, really shows off that chest tattoo.” Steve had to bend far over for the other Alpha to kiss his cheek, but it was either bend over or be taken out at the knees, so.... “I thought you’d given up coming by for our football parties.”
was another mystery to add in to the whole mess. Sure, Bucky was relieved to hear there were real feelings from Tony’s side, but if Tony was in love with Steve, then what the fuck was going on with all these
“When I first moved in here, I only ever went downstairs to get food.” Steve inclined his head towards an oversized couch in the far corner and a door that led to the small but serviceable bathroom. “This was meant to be a work space but it ended up being a cave where I hid from the world. I was home from the war and discharged from the Army and I guess a little bit lost. I’d never spent any money from playing ball and I get dividends every month from the investment portfolios so I didn’t have to think about working... painting was the only thing that felt familiar anymore, so that’s what I did. I’m lucky my art took off and I started getting commissions to keep me busy, otherwise I dunno what I would have done.”
“Wait, really?” The Alpha didn’t mean to visibly startle, but the last month had been full of him suggesting they go shopping and Tony politely but
the blood rushing there at the beat of Tony’s pulse.
“I don’t care about why you were returning it.” Steve echoed his earlier sentiment, cupping Tony’s chin and thumbing gently at his bottom lip. “I’m happy you liked it, but I’m
The day had been
“I know.” Steve said gently. “And you’ve told me about how much you liked robotics and engineering and I know life with a three year old doesn’t leave much time for academics, but if you want to re-enroll and get back into all that… I’ll support you. Don’t worry about the cost, don’t worry about schedules, we’ll figure it out.”
“Can I leave break these?” he half pleaded and Tony bit at him in response, driving his fangs into Steve’s pulse point until the Alpha groaned, throbbed spilling at his thigh as he wrenched at the thong and snapped it with a quick jerk. “Oh oh oh fu--fuck Tony, bite me again.”
All Steve knew was that he wasn’t expecting
All of it was awful and a far cry from the Manhattan high rise Tony had spent most of his life in, but there were two
had a chance to catch their breath.
the entire world looks at me and tells me I’m not enough, that I’m nobody because instead of continuing to be that person, I wanted to keep Pete, I refused to give him up and decided to do it by myself. My life is working at a shitty diner and dealing with hostility and disrespect from almost every person I meet, having to
Tony forced out a steadying breath. “I can’t talk about it yet. It was hard enough to be gone from my baby. Please don’t talk about my baby being gone from
They walked another little while before the Alpha asked, “If the way I feel about you-- the way I’m basically tongue tied and dumb every time you smile-- if that feeling and attraction ever becomes mutual, at some point could we talk about moving things forward?”
“I told you that you guys could stay.” The Alpha flipped the pancakes in quick succession and cracked another few eggs to scramble for Pete. “And I meant it. Stay. No strings attached.”
“You are
“All these clothes.” Bucky inclined his head towards Peter’s clothing. “You bought them with the money Steve gives you?”
“Tony?” a knock at the bathroom door. “I’m not tryin’ to be weird about this, but you’ve been in here a while and I’m starting to worry I hurt you or should have stopped when you told me not to settle you--”
were the one doing the seducing? It wasn’t me and my muscles?”
Was he so far removed from who he used to be that he couldn’t even hold an Alphas attention? He couldn’t even last a date without them getting bored? Jesus, he was twenty years old and a single dad and already done dating? Regulated to just the gross Alphas at the restaurant trying to cat call him?
“And I know we’ve more or less said these sort of things before, but it’s probably high time I just come out and say them for sure.” Steve cleared his throat and cupped Tony’s chin, smoothing his thumb over the hollow of Tony’s cheek and along the line of his jaw. “Pretty Omega, I forgot we were supposed to have an arrangement by the end of the first date, alright? By the end of the second date and all I could think about was seeing you again. By the time we actually spent the night together, I was
“Oh Mr. Rogers, you are
“A little bit.” The Omega wrinkled his nose and Steve promptly dropped a kiss on it. “Considering I’ve seen you wear tweed and run around paint on your face, you certainly don’t seem like the type to hang out with Alphas the size of brick walls and Betas who would make the Pope nervous.”
, Tony.”
on the inside of the garters, where he’d slicked down his thigh in anticipation of tonight and where he was still hard and waiting despite the Alpha’s speechlessness. “And I ordered two so you could keep one--”
he could send something based off Steve admitting to being worked up off the kiss.
“St-Steve--” First Tony clutched at Steve's shirt, then flattened his hand to smooth at Steve's chest, up over the solid mass of the Alpha's pecs and along the breadth of the wide shoulders before finally looping his arms around Steve's neck and pulling him in tight. “
did every single one of those questions and possible explanations make Bucky itchy uncomfortable.
. He smoothed a big hand down Tony’s side to his hip and then the little brunette wriggled in excitement and rubbed up against him, Steve grabbed firm at the rounded cheeks of Tony’s ass, squeezing hard until the Omega gasped out loud and bit at him in retaliation.
“Well it does if it’s on Pete’s birth certificate.” Steve tried and
“College?”
let go, didn’t release his bite until after Tony had stopped shivering and sobbing pleasure into his ear, until the spill of come between their bodies cooled sticky at their stomachs, until his jaw was aching and his knot was starting to lessen.
“Shit shit shit.” Tony dug his fingers into his hair and tugged aggravated at the curls. He’d thought for sure the diaper box would last another couple of days, but Pete’s stomach had been upset all week and upset tummies made for extra diapers and now they were
and I’m gonna help just as much as you let me, alright?”
“Look!” The Alpha’s smile was just as big as Peter’s as he crammed the box on the bottom rail of the cart. “It blows up like an air mattress! Comes with two hundred balls! And it holds six kids!”
Now the apartment was sparsely furnished and Steve only stopped by if he needed a shower or a nap between back to back missions or if Tony was out of town and not home at the Tower. Every few months Tony swung by to make sure the ancient pipes were holding up and that the radio hadn’t shorted out and caused an electric issue, but beyond that, there was nothing
this shower. Come spend the night with me.”
now that he knows you in Dad mode? Or is he still very much wanting to be your
in the tense room. “Maybe even the end of the first date.”
okay, Tony. You’d tell me if something was really wrong?”
The frantic sound torn from Tony’s throat when the Command registered in his psyche would have broken a less determined Alpha, the way the Omega immediately turned his head and bared his neck, dropped his gaze and tried to curl in invisible
Steve saw the show of trust, of acceptance, for what it was, and instead of howling in triumph over the Omega initiating a new step in their careful relationship, he dragged in a ragged breath and teased, “Oh so
“I’m twenty.” Tony had been fully committed to the lie of being twenty one right up until this very moment, but he was already keeping so
and he cut through his steak quickly, swiping the tender pieces through the potatoes and stabbing at the vegetables with his fork. “What inspired this one?”
“I don’t need--”
at his chest. “I worked all day, then instead of coming home to see Pete, I went out to the nice part of town and spent the afternoon with Steve. My baby was here crying and sweating through a fever and I was picking out diamonds and flirting over a sandwich. I am a
“You don’t wanna be alone with me.” The Alpha nodded as if that’s what he expected, broad shoulders slumping and frosted scent skittering uneasy. “Yeah, can’t blame ya for that. But um-- you know I never meant t’scare you, Tony. Never meant to stalk you or nothing like that. Tasha always calls what I do stalkin’ but I wasn’t
The first profile picture the site loaded was a shot from below the Alpha’s chest and down, lots of skin and aging muscles, a hard cock and fully distended knot on full display, and Tony put a hand to his mouth so he wouldn’t vomit when he saw the next several profiles all had similar pictures.
tie your little heart all up in a pretty bow if you never ever leave the goddamn house?!”
for my birthday.”
Dirty texts were an okay thing, right? He was twenty, not
Bucky hadn’t realized was choking him up until he saw physical proof that Tony was eating regular meals.
“I hear that.” Clint high fived him. “Have your Alpha put in a good word for us with some of his fancy friends.”
“Y-yeah.” Tony nuzzled into Steve’s chest and breathed in the steadying scent of cedar. “That sounds good. Bring me some wine?”
“Ceremony.” Tony’s brows lowered in confusion. “Steve, I thought you were just being romantic about the diamonds. I don’t need a bonding ceremony or a set of rings, that sort of thing is for religious couples who want a blessing over the biological bond before they go on to have a wedding or-- or wealthy young couples who want the whole big party thing because they’re starting their life together.”
“If you’d
********
The Alpha wanted desperately to flatten his palm to Tony’s bonding spot or to search back beneath the unruly curls to find the nape of Tony’s neck and push his fingers in to the sensitive, hormone and nerve laden glands there until the Omega settled sweet and
thinking about anyone being exposed to that sorta behavior, but especially two Omegas, especially when his best pal was head over heels in love with one of them.
Tony smiled to himself listening to Steve hum in the bathroom, smiled to himself when he heard the big blond wet a rag and then squeeze it out to test the water, and smiled to himself while closing his eyes and trying to come up with a Plan B to get Steve’s always starched bloomers a little relaxed.
shaky and not quite coherent, the shocking intimacy of being with Steve, of being covered and held and touched like he was beautiful and precious and
.” The Omega snapped, then held up his hand apologetically when Steve looked down at him in alarm. “I mean um-- no. Not yet. He’s not even three years old yet.”
“Uh sorry.” Carol stopped by to eavesdrop. “Tony’s letting who clean
s of his life had he given into Howard’s demands and continued down his same path.
, “Okay, but you have to clean the bubbles off the ceiling in the bathroom first. It wasn’t my idea to turn the jets on with the bubble bath.”
Omega at that. He was easily over six feet tall towering over Tony, the cut off tank top emphasizing big arms and big hands and though he slouched when he moved there was a good amount of power in that lean frame and Bucky found himself lingering, focusing on the blond instead of keeping his attention on Tony.
in laughter, the intensity of the moment broken by their easy camaraderie and the sarcasm and slight awkwardness that marked every single one of their dates. “Steve, if you have sock garters in your dresser drawers, you will never see me naked again.”
further and further up Tony's thighs. There was no stress when he could only
suite was bigger than his birthday night had been but it was frankly stunning, too large by far for just the two of them and then almost unbearingly intimate once the door was closed and it was just Alpha and Omega staring at each other in open anticipation.
“Evocative.” Steve echoed, eyebrows raised. “Of what, exactly?”
*************
“...sure?”
“And besides.” This time Steve opened the waffle maker and removed the food instead of risking something else burning when he reached out to hug Tony again. “We met on a Sugar Seeking Sugar app, Omega. Why should we start getting stereotypical and traditional now? If you want a wedding lets do a wedding, if not then we can elope. If you’d give me the honor of adopting Pete, I want to make that official as soon as possible, if not then just make sure I’m on his emergency contact forms for school. All I want is--”
.” The Alpha said firmly and Tony’s soul warmed with the conviction in those gorgeous blue eyes. “But if I’m ever going to be in the running for Dad of the Year, you’ll have to mess up somehow and my fingers are crossed that the mess up involves Pete repeating a bad word.”
“Sweetheart.” Steve kissed him then, curving his massive frame around Tony and gathering him in tight to seal their mouths together for a long, aching moment. “Please
, huh? It uh– it seems like I oughta make an honest man out of you if we’re going to have a kid together, if we’re gonna hyphenate our names like that.”
“Beep beep bed.” The Alpha confirmed, looking up at Tony with a smile almost as excited as Peter. “Sound good to you?”
into everything his life had been just a few days ago and it-- it was difficult.
’ adventurous for people like us, but for people like you?” The Alpha shook his head. “Nah, you’re good. It’s like riding a bike. Just hop on and put your feet in the pedals and go. Find some traction and take off. Mind the wet areas and enjoy the slip and slide.”
Tony’s elated laughter over being called beautiful even in a potato sack devolved into a throaty moan when Steve’s tongue thrust past his lips and tangled with his own. The Alpha pressed forward deeper, clutched Tony up tighter and dragged the Omega’s head back so he could taste
Tony was silent, and Steve swallowed. “Are you
, you could wear overalls and promise to stay the night and they would be the sexiest fuckin’ thing…”
domestic and his heart twisted as every single moment reminded the Alpha all over again just how much he was missing from his life.
Steve breathed out all in a surprised whoosh, and Tony could almost feel the wave of pos
“It’s still private enough that you don’t have to worry about being checked up on.” The Alpha continued hopefully. “But it would make me feel better about doing something helpful for you. Does that sound okay?”
The Omega was shaking too hard to even say thank you as they left, shoving money across the counter to pay for the appointment and calling for an Uber with trembling fingers. He had to get to the nearest CVS or Walgreens to buy the medicine and getting Peter in and out of the car and store without the toddler crying would be a challenge, but Tony didn’t have any other options…
“I--” Tony’s stomach swooped with nerves when Steve rumbled his name, lips parting in surprise and then opening further in an unconscious
and the last thing the Omega wanted to do was hurt the sweet Alpha’s feelings. “It just… it wasn’t for me.”
“Should we check in with the lovebirds?” She wondered and Bucky shook his head, “Nah, Steve’s probably droolin’ and stupid giggling over gettin’ to knot someone and Tony is most likely asleep. We’re fine. We can do this.”
“...thank you.” Steve pressed his finger tips to the same spot Tony had touched, watching the Omega closely for any sign that the proximity had affected Tony like it had affected him, nostrils flaring trying to scent anything apple blossom
“Tony.” Steve's eyes flickered red and then scarlet, darkening the blue
“Ah Jesus, Tony.” Steve couldn’t tear himself away from the kiss for more than a split second, and he kept coming back again and again, nipping at Tony’s lips and sucking at Tony’s tongue. “You have the sweetest bite, do it again. Do it
that Steve would crack half feral if he ever found out had the the big brunette straightening up and clenching his fists and letting his voice bottom out into a dominant Alpha
trophy husband.” Steve countered, crooning softly until Tony relaxed again. “And to be real honest, I don’t care how that happens, whether it's you going to school and getting a degree or you wearing stretchy pants and drinking wine all day while shopping. I don’t care how it happens, so please don’t think your decision either way will bother me, alright?”
“Nat, I specifically told your mate no on the Nerf gun!” Steve called, and Nat cursed, “Damn I didn’t realize Steve was on the line. What do you need, Tony? Everything okay?”
“It means I want you guys here whether you sleep in my bed every night?” Steve raised his eyebrows meaningfully. “Or whether you never do that again. Don’t think for one second that you staying here has anything to do with our previous
with laughter, then shouted louder when the Alpha’s tongue fell hot at the front of his pants, mouthing along the jut of his covered cock. “Steve--!”
here where no one would expect it, where no one would see it until the gold right here--”
Tony was initially
Most Omegas never wanted to be settled this way in public, but Clint trusted Tony and more than that, life had taught him to take what he could get when it came to
Steve stirred at the mix for a long minute thinking, sorting through his questions and discarding any that weren’t really necessary so he could ask the important ones.
“Bucky.” Steve hefted the bags of garbage into the dumpster and wiped his hands down his pants. “I’m going to stop you, before I punch you. I know you and Tasha love me, I know you’re looking out for me and worried that I’m gonna make an ass out of myself with Tony but you know what? Even if Tony isn’t as invested as I am, that’s not his fault. It’s an
. It took days to get my mind right again, and I don’t even remember specific moments, just how scary it was to be alone right then. By the time I was coherent, it was too late for the day after pill and now I have Peter and that’s-- that’s just what I get for being slutty, right?”
“Holy shit.” Steve cursed cursed
locked even if other people were over. If Bucky hadn’t stopped to lock the door and if something was going on with Tony---
“I’ll be yours.” Tony murmured. “But only if you’ll be mine too.”
why he did that to you? Do not use that to excuse him.”
“I’ll be right here.” Steve promised, and Tony’s quiet laugh was sunshine lighting up the late night. “Right here
And after a moment of thought, Tony added, “And not to be rude, but working my regular job is guaranteed money so I can pay rent. This could be over tonight and then I’d be out the extra money with no way to make it up.”
“Just a condom.” Tony should have laughed at how fast Steve jumped up to run to the bedroom. He should have laughed when Steve stumbled at the first step and nearly broke his nose, and he should have
to Tony! Shouldn’t Clint be all happy his best friends got a rich boyfriend instead of passing on finding out why you call me Bronco?”
“Peter Benjamin.”
“People are totally gonna judge us when we say were dog parents, but its okay.” Tony tickled the soft skin of Archie’s belly. “I already bought a stroller, so they can judge us while we take him to the park and buy him expensive treats.”
“Everything just felt real outta control and uh, one day I’ll tell you stories about how
at the sound. “Alright then. It’s your turn to ask another question.”
had a breeding kink and
knowing for sure that Tony had a kid and beyond that, Tony was-- there wasn’t--
The Alpha only rumbled, deep and consolatory, vibrating through his core and making Tony shiver as Steve gathered him in closer, then closer again, smoothing his hands down Tony’s back to press them together chest to chest, nudging his knee between Tony’s legs so the Omega’s weight was half resting on him, and settling one hand low at the curve of Tony’s hip, burying the other fingers into Tony’s hair to keep the Omega just
, but tonight Tony felt every bit of the nurse’s silent criticism. He had been out shopping and kissing and laughing while his baby was sick and tonight--
“I was trying to figure out the easiest and most
After another minute of indecision, Tony ignored the message from Steve and texted his boss and Clint instead.
“There you are again, sweetheart.” Steve moved slow slow slow, stroking into the Omega’s body with measured thrusts and checking every single second to make sure Tony was with him, that those honey highlighted eyes were glazing with pleasure and not stress, that the hands at his chest and side were clutching him closer not trying to push away. Tony was
“Get away! Who the hell are you and what the fuck are you--”
money.
“Okay. Bookmark that one too.” Tony snuggled into Steve’s side, inhaling the rosewood scent and humming in contentment. “I just want to make sure she’s taken care of. Peggy’s the only reason me and Pete survived a lot of sick spells, she always brought us food if I had to miss work, she was the first person besides me to hold Pete as a newborn and that’s because I was trying to move in with a baby in one arm and my backpack in the other and she swooped in to take him and help me up the stairs. I want to take care of her. We can use the money you gave me.”
“Yes.” Tony trembled as he turned his head and offered up his throat,
holding on to Peter as the doctor and nurse ran a few tests then wrote him up a prescription for antibiotics and ear drops. They made him stay again until Peter’s fever was back under control, so Tony slouched in the uncomfortable chair and stared unseeingly at the far wall while Peter cuddled into him and fussed softly until the medicine kicked in and his little body cooled down.
“...no?”
. “Hey Omega, how are you? You doing okay? Is my dumb friend taking care of you? You eating enough? Sleeping enough?”
“I am hot as hell.” Clint said blandly, and through the binos Bucky watched Tony shriek with laughter over the other Omegas deadpan response.
“Fancy.” Steve whistled impressed. “Any particular reason why?”
But Steve wasn’t going to ask.
lie. Tony was a parent and his schedule would never be easier but it didn’t hurt to give the Alpha hope when Steve was being so wonderful.
“I--”
“Your Dad kicked you out and put you in the position of having to sell yourself to some asshole who might have hurt you just to make rent.” Steve sounded
he had his own apartment but
“The issue with your second shelf is that it’s all non fiction expositions.” Tony pulled away and tapped at the spine of one of the books. “Here’s one on the consequences of war, another on the psychological ramifications of fame, one on the struggle of an Alpha to understand who they are and where they fit into the biological and sociological main frame of our world without succumbing to the more Neanderthal tendencies of the gender… I mean, who the hell reads these at all much, much less more than once?”
The Alpha shut up, shaking his head and clearing his throat. The
. You said it, now I can say it.” Tony was terrified, uncertain of Bucky’s intentions and furious at himself for leaving Peter even for just a minute, what the hell had he been thinking? Anybody could have broken in and hurt Peter because he’d thought it would be easier to leave the sleeping baby for the two fucking minutes it had taken to run Peggy some money for her medicine….
“Shit, I’m sorry.” Steve stopped immediately, removing his hand and pushing his weight up onto his elbows so he wasn’t squashing the Omega, bracing himself ready to pull out completely if Tony was done. “Should I stop?”
, “Mmmm, I love it too.”
favorite position, so he licked his lips and propped up on his elbows and murmured,
“Tony, this is like two months rent!” Clint stared wide eyed down at the pile of hundred dollar bills. “And then some! Does Steve have any friends who need a giant Omega sugar baby because there isn’t a whole lot I wouldn't do for this amount of money.”
“You’ve got me there.” Still reeling from the announcement that the pretty Omega had a genius level intellect but intrigued enough to want to know more, Steve leaned against the bookshelf and motioned for Tony to continue. “Keep going, tell me more about myself and my living room I never use.”
when Clint blushed dark red. “We’ll set you up your own account. What else?”
*******
not to sound like a jealous fucking Alpha just then. The stereotype of Alphas never wanting to deal with anyone else’s kid was very much true for a lot of different people and while Steve had never much subscribed to the idea, he’d never had much of a reason to
, Mr. Rogers?”
“Tony.” he said again, soft and nearly pleading until the Omega finally met his gaze. “
He closed his eyes briefly and missed the flash of rage on Peggy’s face, “Tony, are you saying he
“Tony, I don’t think you’d go crazy and buy stupid things on my card even if I explicitly told you do exactly that.” the Alpha chuckled a little. “I mean, you were trying to return a watch so you could get something more practical for your life, I’m not real concerned about what you’re doing with my debit card. And if you
And softer, into the darkened art loft, “I’m a good guy, and I deserve love.” --
“How old are you?”
“You’re unbonded, so Howard would be the familial Alpha tasked with taking care of you.” The blond realized. “And if the state reached out to him and he made it clear he didn’t want the kid…”
want to do this today.
“It’s not just that.” Tony scratched at his throat again, then hesitated and reached back beneath the collar of the shirt to the nape of his neck. “The Alpha I shared my heat with, he uh-- well he settled me to the point of me not even being able to
“I told you I ordered extra!” Steve defended, and Tony sighed extra loud, rolled his eyes dramatically, and then tore into the boxed with more excitement that he was willing to admit to.
“Replaced?” Clint breathed a laugh. “What does that mean, replaced? You planning on tearing my clothes off?”
“Keep these on.” he managed, fingers spread wide of the flimsy lace where it lay at Tony’s hips, dipping down again and again to nuzzle and lick at Tony’s cock, to leave open mouth kisses over the wet lace and breathe in the scent of floral perfume and musk. “I’m um– I’m gonna be real gentle, real careful with your pretty clothes but keep them on for me, okay?”
“Echo! Echo! Echo!” A voice from downstairs made Steve stop mid brush-stroke and smile knowingly. “Is there anyone here! Anyone in this mausoleum at all! Any ghosties I definitely shouldn’t piss off by putting greasy ass pizza on this unnecessarily white couch? Honestly don’t know why a fella would have a white couch! Seems’ta me nothing good can happen on pure white couches cos of stain issues! Seems like a boring ghost must live here!”
!” Both Alpha and toddler turned around when Tony raised his voice, eyes wide and expression pleading, Steve clutching the big box to his chest and Peter just excited about the colors.
part of him simply wanting to walk away and leave behind a man who meant nothing to him anymore.
His throat closed up and Steve set the beer down so he could scrub both hands over his face and force out a
Tony usually just knocked and let himself into the house, but today he rang the doorbell and waited for the noise in the house to subside and for Steve to come and open the door.
for Steve paying for his Uber and saving him two hours on the bus, maybe just a
Clothes came off slowly, both Alpha and Omega wanting to hurry but not willing to rush this first time together in close to six weeks. Every inch of skin exposed was caressed, every kiss just a breath more stinging, just a hint sharper as shirts and pants fell in a pile and Steve walked backwards towards the steamy bathroom, pulling Tony along with persuasive tempting kisses until they could slip under the pouring water and close the shower door.
Steve hit
the Alpha was lighting up into a smile just then. Tony
to exchange it, they assumed a waiter couldn’t afford it and instead of thinking it was a gift, they immediately decided you stole it.”
I’ve got plenty of reasons to not hide away here anymore. I’m pretty sure I’ve been out of the house more since January than I’ve been in two years, but it’s nice. Now my loft feels like a sanctuary again, instead of a prison. Working on a commission is rewarding instead of just checking items off a to do list...”
. Do you like this version? Maybe if I had an outside opinion…?”
on trivia night, I’ve got passages of those things memorized.”
whatever she thought he was. No matter how good her intentions or how nice her tone, the nurse was still assuming Tony couldn’t do this and it made him want to
Another flash of alarm over the Omega’s delicate features. “You saw us? That’s-- that’s Peggy, she lives here in the building. She watches Pete for me while I’m working or while I’m um-- with Steve.”
’ pictures Steve had seen had been almost horrifyingly explicit, Omegas in blatantly revealing positions while wearing little to nothing for clothes, their thighs shiny with most likely synthetic slick, lips parted and tongues out as if inviting an Alpha
“Not yet, but I’m going to order a grocery delivery.” Tony held up his phone tiredly. “Can I send it to your apartment just in case I fall asleep?”
“Even if you didn’t meet someone’s specific parameters, I can’t imagine the didn’t want to click on you after seeing your picture.” Steve laughed a little, then grimaced apologetically. “Oh wait, no that’s not good. You don’t want someone who is going to ignore your boundaries just because you’re pretty. Sorry about that.”
“Sleuthing skills?” Natasha raised a finely arched brow. “Darling, I’m not a
Tony was almost
Tony's scent was addicting and the Alpha had another flash of what night soft Tony would be like, the Omega sprawled across pillows with hooded eyes and messy hair and apple blossom scent winding drugging through the air, chamomile both comforting and heady and Steve would so willingly
Not even lingerie had been enough to push Steve into more than just slightly more intense kisses and Tony only had one more trick in his book before he got too carried away and Steve reverted to the always good but always goddamn
The Omega was tempted to call Steve and at least
It was just after seven pm when Tony finally discarded his apron into the bin and wrapped up a few left overs at the end of his shift. The Omega stood on his toes to kiss Clint right on the lips then slipped out of the diner, the smile on his face falling away into a wince the second he hit the sidewalk.
“Come
at someone else, much less wanting them unclothed in any capacity.”
Steve was grinning, all fangs and rosewood scent blooming thrilled and it was the truth but Tony nearly gagged trying to say them.
“I--” it was against policy to give cash for returns, but it was better to break
And then softer, with a hint of
“My muse.” he repeated in a hoarse whisper, and closed his hand around Tony’s throat so he could count every beat of the Omega’s heart and run his thumb over the sensitive bonding spot. “My Omega, my mate.”
It had been hard to find a landlord who would rent to an young, unbonded, single parent Omega, and the crappy apartment close to the train tracks had been the only thing Tony could afford that was also within easy distance to the shitty job at the diner.
“First we put the milk in, then we add some butter.” Tony sang as he stirred the macaroni and cheese for Peter’s dinner, balancing the toddler on one hip as he cooked. “What do we add next, Bubba?”
“Christ.” The Omega pinched the bridge of his nose. “Clint, you say the worst shit.”
“That would be amazing.” Tony huddled further into the warm jacket so he could hide the tremor in his voice and the threat of tears in his eyes. Steve really had no idea how much consistent,
“I think I’ve gotten more sleep in the past three days than I have in the past three years.” the Omega admitted with a strained laugh. “Steve bought us some of the mesh gates that go around the bed so I don’t have to worry about Peter falling off in the middle of the night so I just sleep like I’m--”
the Alpha would ask if Tony was really okay and if there was anything more he could do to help, but for right now-- for right now--
“Well so long as we’re being honest?” Clint tugged at his collar theatrically and waggled his eyebrows at Tony. “If your voice was a
“Good morning, Omega, my Omega.” Gravy whisk in one hand, the Alpha used his free hand to gather the ties of Tony’s robe and draw the Omega in for an eager kiss. “Pretty perfect Omega, how are you?”
“Hey stop, it’s
Soapy steam billowed around them as the Alpha plunged into Tony’s core, water plastering hair to foreheads and streaming into their eyes as Tony tried to roll his hips forward and meet each of the Alpha’s thrusts, every stroke and push and drag through his core.
….Bucky took the Live, Laugh, Love pillow with him when he went, partly because it was a stupid fuckin’ pillow and no self respecting anybody should have one, partly because it was just plump enough to sit up under Tasha’s hips when they were in bed.
were exciting and even though Tony rolled his eyes just one more time for good measure, his scent rolled
“Yeah.” Tony leaned back into the pillows, tired and aching down to his very bones. “Yeah it is. Could I um-- could I buy you some groceries, Peggy?”
“Okay, that’s fair, washing the dishes around here is disgusting.” Clint tossed the bottle of disinfectant over when the other Omega motioned for it. “So why’d you end up not getting laid?”
A massive brunette Alpha filled the doorway, bigger and broader than Steve, dark hair and glacier pale eyes, dangerous fangs glinting in a smile that seemed less welcoming and more
Tony just kept staring down at the receipt, at the five digit balance in the brand new checking account. “Steve this-- this is fifty
********
to make the Omega submit.
“Okay.” Steve relaxed back into his chair and picked up the rest of his burger. “Your turn to ask a question.”
going to start stressing out.”
and Tony’s moan tapered off into a low purr of satisfaction as they kissed and licked at each other, a months worth of days apart pushing them to nip and bite and
“Pass.” Clint turned on his heel abruptly and absconded right back to Peggy’s side with Peter held close, muttering. “Oversized mother fucker.” under his breath as he went.
...but he could only be non snarky for so long so….
********
“Towels?” The Alpha blinked. “I said not practical and something I could spoil you with and your answer is
“Oh my god,.” Tony sighed, then sighed again because the first one hadn’t been loud enough to convey his exasperation. “I’ve gotta go sleep before the date. Wish me luck?”
“Um.” Tony hesitated a minute. “No, Steve isn’t in love with me.”
. Otherwise you’re running out of time. Up till now you can say that you weren’t sure about introducing him to Peter for any number of reasons but once you two start talking feelings and any sort of commitment, having a child becomes more of a lie that you’re hiding instead of a part of your life you weren’t ready to share.”
“Again.” Tony tried hard not to smile quite so goofy. “I love every single word of that. And I don’t mean you have to ‘ask’ me for anything or whatever. I just uh…”
“Chocolate!” Pete squealed and Tony sighed, “Alright, chocolate chips, but
, settling between Tony’s legs and striking the simmering morning arousal immediately hot as they rubbed together.
The Alpha loved it, and as they put away the last family sized pack of toilet paper, he hooked his arm around Tony’s little waist and dragged him in for a long kiss.
“Steve.” he cut his nails at Steve’s side, shuddering and soaking
“That’s good.” it had been a long time since Tony had had anything except a toy inside himself and the first press of Steve’s fingers made him wail, an exploratory thrust and second finger at his entrance made him grab at the sheets and
It took Steve a full six minutes to calm himself down enough to even walk upstairs. The whiplash of being so worried about Tony being hurt to being so goddamn
Another touch of the paintbrush. “-- highlights that softness and then it’s all anyone would ever be able to see. Ivory here cos you scent like chamomile and see here? This red is almost pink, just barely pink for apple blossoms. This gold that runs bronze and then deeper brown here, that’s the color of your hair and then here--”
to making things official between them, Steve was so happy he thought he really might burst.
“I vaguely insinuated that they’d end up stabbed with a gigantic fork if they didn’t get to steppin’.” Clint shrugged off Tony’s alarmed squeak. “Also
“I did.” Steve knew he was staring, most likely
“Go spend the night with Steve.” Clint open hand smacked the ridiculously perky rear and Tony gasped faux offended at him. “I’ve got Pete.”
Tony skipped that message. He couldn’t ask the Alpha for help, not with
“I kept an eye on your Social Security number after you left, you know.” Howard said abruptly. “I assumed the first thing you would do was register for government help for the pregnancy or at least apply for an abortion at one of the clinics.”
“Yeah.” Steve looked at the painting, then up at his friend,
“Maybe next time you just knot me up full--” the gravy was burning, but Tony didn’t care once his Alpha grabbed at his ass and ground
“It’s fine.” Tony burrowed into the hug trying to calm his racing heart. He’d learned long ago that as long as Peter was
“You tell me if you want me to stop.” Steve rolled off the bed only long enough to kick out of his pants and underwear. “Tony, tell me if you want me to stop.”
Tony’s fingers were trembling as he opened the envelope and saw the money crowded inside, the reassurance that he wouldn’t have to worry about rent for at least the rest of the summer, that he and Pete could have an emergency nest egg built up that would offer a little buffer against the next doctor’s visit or act as a down payment for a better apartment.
“Maybe
“You are so beautiful.” Steve barely remembered to hit most of the lights as he passed, hurrying to kneel at Tony’s side and kiss him again. “So so so beautiful, what a perfect pretty Omega, I am so lucky.”
“I liked it though.” he repeated, because the look in Steve’s eyes when Tony had opened the present last week had been so
“Back when we were kids you were sick all the time.” Bucky said bluntly. “You worked so hard to get over all that shit, to get everything you wanted out of life and now that you’ve got all that, you aren’t even using it to your advantage!”
“And why isn’t there an Alpha or stable partner in the picture?”
“There’s my minute man.” Tony was giggling, a little tongue tied and blushing, reaching for Steve eagerly as soon as they landed on the bed, moaning when Steve went right to work on the dress, trying to help in discarding the pretty but vintage modest underclothes, opening in
you.”
anyway, can I? Not uh-- not when it would my baby walking down the aisle as the ring bearer?”
, sweetheart.” Steve kissed his knuckles again. “Now then. Best sandwich?”
********
“You’re so nervous that you’re actually making
Tony just nodded, a hint of the normal spark in his dark eyes as he turned and rubbed gently at the baby’s back. “Would you like to meet him?”
“If you want.” Steve rearranged Peter on his shoulder when the prolonged snuggled started making the baby sleepy. “Or if you don’t, then Peter’s enough for me.”
the sugar baby seeking a sugar daddy to take care of you.”
“Leave us alone.” he muttered. “Please just get--get out. Go away.”
“I'd make it up to you.” Tony peeked up all thick lashes and kiss stained lips and Steve nearly caved and dragged him back in. “And I um-- I left my phone number on the table. You can text me instead of messaging me over the app.”
“I don’t think getting tossed into bed by Steve and no doubt rogered to within an inch of my life counts as ‘just doing what I have to do’.” Tony flashed his little fangs in a smile and waggled his eyebrows. “Get it?
“No no.” Steve cut in, shaking his head and voice hoarse as he took in the entire room, self control flickering as he looked back over his shoulder to the re-furnished and recreated apartment, back to the sheer
“Yeah.” Tears again, slipping down Tony’s face as he watched Peter exclaim in excitement over the new toy from the dollar store he’d picked up on the way home. “Yeah, I think you’re right.”
“Oh holy shit, is Nat throwing stuff again? You gotta give a guy a warning so he knows to duck!” Scott crowded into the already full kitchen with his Alpha mate Hope in tow. “At least shout
idea to start the body shots early?”
“Mmm, I can tell.” Breathless, Tony wriggled enough to hook one leg around Steve’s calf and cant his hips up to slot their cocks together. “My oh my Mr. Rogers, are you this excited for everyone in your neighborhood or--”
“The roadster?” Steve’s blue eyes flickered curiously. “Really? That’s not what I expected you to say.”
It took Tony a moment to piece together the awkwardly disjointed sentence, but when he did, “Oh! You mean, do I have a sexy times related fantasy?”
“Of course.” Peggy settled into the extra chair with Peter on her lap, pulling a peppermint candy from her sweater pocket and popping it into the toddlers mouth. “Did you call that Alpha?”
“Stop!” Bucky nearly barked. “Stevie you know damn well I wasn’t gonna haul off and kidnap him just’ta make him be honest with ya! I was out here thinkin’ this Omega was gonna break your heart and
The Alpha growled under his breath. “Fuckin’ ridiculous is what it--
Despite Bucky's size, swagger, sheer amount of bullshitting and general impatience when it came to anything even slightly inconvenient or time consuming, the Alpha never actually
“As much as I love when you draw blood with them pointy fangs of yours, I really think I gotta do this.” Bucky made a concentrated effort to
“...what?” The Omega’s breath caught. “Steve--”
, I’ve got you. I’ve got us. Come here.”
as he thought about waiting a whole other week to see Tony again.
The room was stunning, a king sized bed in a private bedroom and a separate sitting room with floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the city. The shower was huge, the oversized soaking tub almost outrageous and if the room itself wasn’t gift enough, there were flowers scattered around on various surfaces, no less than four dozen brilliantly red roses mixed with lilies and fragrant apple blossoms in assorted vases and strewn across the bed. There was a bottle of champagne chilling by the table next to a box of chocolate covered strawberries and a box wrapped set of champagne flutes for Tony to take home. A card sat near the flutes that detailed the lobster and steak dinner to be delivered as room service whenever Tony decided he was hungry and a large gift bag full of overly thick towels, coordinating hand towels and wash cloths all in shades of ocean blue was tucked into one of the chairs.
“Where is the child’s father?” The nurse wasn’t quite rude but she wasn’t exactly friendly either, pursed lips and stress lines on her forehead from what had already been a long shift full of sick kids. “Or your current partner if the child’s father is no longer around?”
“You know damn well the diapers are impossible! He squirms too much!”
.” Done being admired and wanting to do some admiring of his own, the Alpha grabbed at both Tony’s ankles and dragged the Omega right to the edge of the mattress. The wide necked, low cut shirt had been driving him crazy all evening and the second it landed somewhere behind them in the suite, Steve rushed to get his mouth on all the open skin.
For about the hundredth time that day the Alpha thought about just how
“Actually?” Tony stirred the few ice cubes left in his mostly lukewarm drink as he wondered just how much to tell his nosy friend. “...yes. Yes I did.”
for him, and the thought made the Alpha’s knees damn near give out.
finding the Omega in this sort of situation, full on fucking
“It's my Ma's recipe.” Steve set some water to boiling and portioned out the noodles. “Can't go wrong with Ma's recipe, huh?”
“Gamma Peggy!” Peter wriggled away from Natasha and raced after Peggy to meet her at the stairs, and Peggy waved off Tony’s attempt to take him back.
-- Clint, with Tony and Peggy curling up to share a recliner and catch up on gossip which left Steve in charge of basically everything--
? After what I did? C’mon sugar I’d understand if you never trusted me again a minute in your life but--but-- really? I can meet him?”
while Tony tried and tried and tried not to give in and laugh about it.
“I’m just fine, Alpha.” Tony stood on his toes to chase the kiss, nuzzling at his Alpha and trilling happily when Steve held him up tight. “Thank you.”
off. “I’m not saying I’m judging you for not getting laid. I’m
Tomorrow night couldn’t come fast enough.
“Steve.” Tony’s voice caught, breath hitching, and the Alpha tightened his grip on the phone, holding it to his ear tight as if that would bring him closer to the little Omega. “Listen, I-- I’m sorry about our date. I really really am. I have a great time with you, and I’ll be honest I thought the Sugar Seeking Sugar thing was a terrible idea and sounded so stupid until I met you. But my life is… it’s more complicated than you think it is and sometimes that will interfere with our dates but I promise I’ll make time for you. I’ll make time for
made Steve angry enough to see red all over again.
********
horrifying situations-- if Peter broke an arm being rambunctious, if he fell from the bed and bonked his head too hard , if he had an emergency allergic reaction to an unexpected food-- in
*********
“I hate you so much.” Tony rolled his eyes at the
“Never. You are
“Four years ago they would have
idea?”
“Don’t stop.” Tony reached to spread his own ass, grabbed at himself and offered up his entrance to his boyfriend. “Come on.”
. It’s a real thing for rich people of any age. It’s fine.”
in his mind. “Okay, it's actually going to kill me to leave you here on this couch, but I'm going to get up and do the dishes, pack up some left overs for you, and then I'd like to kiss you some more. Is that okay?”
“Once Steve got home, things were okay pretty quickly.” Tony tilted his head and trilled at the anxious Alpha so Bucky would no there were no deepset hard feelings. “I was unbalanced for a few hours but I was fine by morning.”
Steve had been adorably pouty about not getting to spend the whole day together but the Alpha had been mollified when Tony had trilled and purred over breakfast in bed and then still let Steve order him clothes from one of the boutiques along the Promenade.
pulling at your shirt.”
Stark men were
actually smile every once in a while, and when he’d first sent it to Tony’s phone, Tony had only rolled his eyes, but now the picture actually came in handy as he uploaded it to the site.
seep into his voice. “How can I help you?”
“Hey babydoll. I’m gonna be late getting home tonight.” Next to call was Natasha, and Bucky kept his binoculars trained on the diner as he spoke to his mate. “Got caught up in a thing, but I’ll let you know when I’m on the way.”
Six minutes after Bucky had slipped out the front door and once again not locked it behind him-- Steve needed to figure out
Bucky. Dollars for time. No one’s leading anyone on. I can’t imagine people doin’ the sugar thing without ending up caring for each other whether money’s involved or not.”
doing here? Why are you living in some shit hole apartment on this side of the highway?”
The Alpha opened the door slowly, measuring his steps and making sure his hands were open at his sides, shoulders dropped and tone settled as he came in. He was sure Tony had overheard the fight in the foyer, sure the little Omega had heard him roar and growl and the
“Whoever told you that lied to you.” Clint said flatly. “Nobody wants reservations here and you shouldn’t either. Also it’s only me and one other waiter today so we don’t have enough people to handle a group. Do your friends and me a favor and go somewhere else.”
“False.” Clint didn’t even blink. “You’re the hottest person I’ve ever met in my life. Try again.”
“Oh hell yeah.” Two brilliant, fangy smiles. “We can’t wait.”
“Is that why they asked questions like that?” Tony slid his hands up Steve’s chest to loop his arms around the Alpha’s neck. “About traveling together and birthdays and having kids?”
“This one is full of Encyclopedias.” the Omega pointed to the bottom shelf. “And since Encyclopedias are printed and then almost immediately out of date or incorrect to some extent thanks to how fast technology moves and how quickly our understanding of the world changes, they must either be a gift from someone you love or a self purchase from a year that holds some sort of nostalgia for you.”
“I--” It almost sounded as if Tony
Tony couldn’t have answered if his life depended on it, too stunned by the vulgar language, too busy
“This many.” Two fingers, and Tony had to work the words past the emotion in his throat to clarify, “He’s three in August.”
************
Tony sucked in a sharp breath, and the Alpha finished in a near whisper, well aware he’d just crossed a line but not willing to go back on it. “I just want to take care of you, sweetheart.”
“Mr. Rogers, your guest is here.”
...and then Steve pulled him to a gentle stop as the Uber ride slowed down at the curb and flashed his lights for them.
“Huh.” The Omega swallowed. “Left the door unlocked here so I knew I could leave?”
“P-Plug.” Tony gestured weakly to his bag, and Steve grabbed clumsily at it, straining to reach without having to pull out. He was finishing coming but his cock was still throbbing, leaking just a little bit, splashing up Tony’s insides with each shudder. “P-plug me up. Please.”
, “Are you planning on keeping me around long enough to take me to meet family for next years Memorial Day?”
“On sex night.”
Steve never talked much about his military service beyond mentioning that whatever he and his team had done had earned them early retirement and a series of medals, and as Tony was introduced to one after another of some of the most dangerous people he’d ever met, he understood
The day with Peter had been fun. The toddler was hilarious and smart, just as sassy as Tony but just as
“I’d do anything for you.” Tony whispered into another kiss, and then another. “And from now on, feel free to talk absolutely dirty to me all the time. I loved it, and if you keep up with all this aftercare and I’ll be in love with you forever. I promise.”
There was a six pack of beer waiting on the dining room table of the Brooklyn apartment, a label Steve remembered from the war, authentically old fashioned and just chilled enough to make sure that first sip went down perfectly smooth.
, and he tugged at the blond strands hard when fangs passed once, twice at his throat. “Steve--!”
“I know there has been some damage done to our relationship--”
“I’m a good guy and I deserve love.” he said quietly. “And if this is a first step towards me getting out there then maybe it’s not so bad.”
“Mmm, that is exactly my type.” she decided. “Try not to scare him off though. Last Omega you brought home to play had to be convinced we weren’t going to eat him for dinner afterwards.”
“Are you alright?” Steve lowered his voice another notch, crooning comfortingly until Tony quit staring at the floor and finally peeked up at him. “Sweetheart what happened, what’s going on? What are you even doing here?”
“C'mere sweetheart, pretty Omega, c'mere.” Steve gathered Tony in closer, slid off the couch so he was on his knees in front of the Omega and could kiss him
Excelsior got to all fours obediently, licked Peter’s face hard enough to send the toddler sprawling back into Steve’s legs, then went right to his owner’s side and pranced away down the walk.
“Oh.” Steve opened the door to the apartment and stopped right in his tracks, dumbfounded by the change in the usual plain apartment and shocked speechless by what was
“Okay.” Steve took a deep breath in, and exhaled through his nose. “Okay, Tony here’s the thing-- I haven’t worn a tie in months.”
“I didn’t dare go looking in your dresser just in case I really did find the sock garters.” Tony finally noticed Steve and put his phone down, baring his fangs into a mock taunting grin. “So I just took a shirt from your closet. Is this okay?”
“I know.” Steve finally smiled. “I know you’re not. I’m just saying, Tony. I can handle whatever’s complicated about your life if you ever decide to share it with me.”
“You know, I didn’t expect it to be the first thing I said either.” Steve admitted self consciously, and the tiny tiny smile Tony gave him thrilled him right to his soul. “I just uh-- you know the bluntly honest thing really worked for me on our first date, figured it would work this time too?”
The money from the previous date had mostly gone to utilities that were always extra high in the winter, a cell phone bill in danger of being shut off, extra money for diapers and to make up for the days Tony had missed when Peter was sick. This money would go directly into the rent envelope and put him a couple weeks ahead which in reality, was still slightly
right now and we haven’t even seen each other in almost two weeks and now you know I have a kid and I don’t want you thinking--” he gestured meaninglessly. “I don’t even know. BUt I’ve been saving up the extra money you got me so I can put a down payment on another apartment and--”
, Tony.” Too intent on getting his fingers and then his mouth and then his
...if it weren’t for Peter Tony would have never
for just a few minutes after a whole month of feeling like he was failing at life.
and the last thing he wanted to do was hurt Tony this first time they were together.
“Sorry.” Steve smiled goofy. “Got a little ahead of myself there.”
Valkyrie swept back out into the living room with Hope trying to snag one of the snacks over her shoulder, and as the door swung shut Steve exhaled loud, “Wow, I am so sorry about her.”
…he whined in surprise when Steve rolled him back over and placed a couple pillows beneath his hips. “Steve?”
at him, and Tony ducked his head. “It was Clint’s idea, not mine.”
Tony’s head snapped up, eyes widening when Steve stopped, cleared his throat. “Anyway. I’ll leave you guys to get some sleep. You can lock the door if you want, and I’ll lock the front door so you feel secure up here. We can talk in the morning.”
“I don’t understand how you did that.” Tony twisted back and forth in front of the small mirror, craning his neck to see where the tail ends disappeared under the crisply folded hem at the back. “How did you do that?”
“Why Mr. Rogers.” Tony let his eyes twinkle over the rim of the wine glass. “Are you trying to get me drunk? My glass is still half full and you're ready to give me more? That doesn't seem very
you’re so good for me. Made to take my cock like this, aren’t you?”
“...how many kids do you want, Alpha?”
“Yeah well, most Alphas have never seen how Peter lights up when you give him those circus animal crackers.” The Alpha interrupted. “They’ve never listened as he points out all the colors he knows or see how fast he runs in the morning to hurry up and tell us his dreams. So fuck those other Alphas.
Steve’s knees buckled a little and Tony moaned softly, fit himself tighter into Steve’s body and hissed, “You wanna breed me? Like you came home from the war and I was just waiting on you? Hold me down and fill me up till I’m spilling over
“Like with a new blanket for your bed?” Steve reached behind the couch and held up a gorgeous cashmere blanket in a shade of sunrise golden he’d seen Tony admiring at the store. “How’s that for helping?”
Steve clambered onto the bed and braced himself on all fours over Tony, easing further into the pillows until he could stretch out on top of the Omega and delve the kiss
“That Omega isn’t invested enough to know you spend Memorial Day with your family. He didn’t know about the annual Fourth of July thing. He’s got no interest in kids, in family, he didn’t even--”
********
“Hey.” Steve blinked open sleepy and groggy a minute later, his smile for Tony a little confused but still adoring. “I didn’t hear you come in sweetheart. How was work?”
If Steve sprinkled in every single not-quite-a-curse word he knew on the way to Costco, well that was just how things were going today. Peter kept laughing at the Alpha pulling increasingly funny faces while spouting things like
“Right.” Steve squeezed at his hand again. “I’m trying to establish like, six and seven month plans and we’re still on date number two. I got it. Can you honestly imagine someone cutting someone else off financially though, when they
“What?” Steve chuckled at him. “I buy you diamonds and now you think I expect ‘bite to eat’ to involve some sort of
“I will.” Tony tucked a handful of crumpled up twenties into Peggy’s purse before he let go of the hug. “I love you, Peggy.”
It was on the tip of Steve’s tongue to offer to just
, Steve didn’t know if that meant the Omega was impressed with his choice or irritated with it.
“T-Tony…” Steve’s hands settled cautious at his waist and Tony smiled, knowing and dirty, ran his tongue over the shell of Steve’s ear and whispered--
“I couldn’t get off this thing if I
to him.”
“I like your smile too.” Tony hesitated, then nearly whispered, “Can I ask you something before I leave?”
ass is so jiggly the quarter would just disappear.”
deal!” Tony cried. “And so very very sketchy! A sugar daddy? Are you kidding me?”
“Because I tried my best to provide for him?” Tony choked out. “Because Pete loves me whether he’s wearing hand me down jammies or playing in a car bed?”
“Eh.” A quick shrug of wide shoulders. “Single enough.”
“Well congratulations on all that and on the family.” the Alpha inclined his head down towards Peter with an understanding smile that warmed both Steve and Tony right down to their hearts. “Absolutely beautiful. I’ll give you a call when the puppy’s ready to go, and you just call me if you have any questions in the meantime?”
“How are you?” Tony frowned and reached to rub at Clint’s leg, then up to brush at the shaggy blond strands at the base of Clint’s neck. “You look tense, do you want me to settle you a little bit?”
? What’s going on?”
into anything, so he didn’t rush into telling anyone what he’d seen outside the Hotel Brooklyn Bridge two days ago. Steve was just barely back from his week with his family, there wasn’t a date scheduled until early next week, and Bucky had a scum bag to track down and collect a bounty on before he could devote his not inconsiderable talents to digging up some dirt on a certain bright eyed Omega. The Alpha simply grit his teeth, tried not to growl when Steve called to check in and mentioned Tony no less than six times, calmly sat on stakeout across the street from a diner his current project was known to frequent and mentally worked through the questions and possible explanations for what he’d seen at the hotel.
He exhaled loudly, his brains scrambled from too long a shift. “What was I saying?”
--it was too late.
for an Omega, well over six feet tall and strong enough to throw most Alphas right out on their ass. Tony’s fangs were delicate like cut porcelain but Clint’s were long enough to be seriously threatening and they glinted
“–yeah, I need you there.” Steve rocked forward once, twice, helpless to resist the sweet heat of Tony’s body. “Stay
The thousand dollar a night room was certainly not meant for two year olds to turn the bathtub into a swimming pool, but Peter did exactly that, shrieking and squealing over the amount of soap Tony dumped into the running water to make bubbles, splashing and making a mess all over the beautiful tile floor. Peggy laughed at the toddler’s antics and sipped the expensive champagne, sharing the lobster and steak meal with Tony as they chatted about his day and about Steve so thoroughly spoiling him.
“Well hello there, soldier.” The apartment had been completely transformed from a shabby bachelor pad to a full on
spoiling Tony’s usual sweet scent. “Peter having a fever has no bearing on how close or how far away you were, and thinking that way will only stress you out.”
“You have a suit guy?” Tony laughed like growing up as a Stark hadn’t meant he had a suit guy, a tie guy, a cuff link guy and a guy just to set up the mirrors in his walk in closet whenever it was time to upgrade. “Fancy fancy, Mr. Rogers.”
Tony took the quick break to scroll through any messages on his phone, checking notifications and firing off a quick text to Peggy to check in on Pete. He really did hate everything about how much his life had changed in the last three years but Tony would never--
in the household. A nurse who clearly disapproved of a kid being raised by an unbonded Omega was
Steve did another one of those awkward shuffles, stared down at their linked fingers and muttered, “I want kids, Tony.”
New clothes, new
Tony stood up on his toes to press a quick kiss to the Alpha’s cheek, visibly grateful for the change of subject, clearly appreciative of Steve not making him talk about college and circumstances and how life had ended up more difficult than the Alpha even realized yet.
“Then we’re having a wedding.” Steve mixed up fresh waffle mix and poured the first helping onto the heated griddle. “Besides, it will be easier for me to adopt Peter if we have a marriage license.”
“Okay, that’s valid.” Steve had to admit. “But still, seems a little sketchy.”
