Dean gave him a warm and genuine smile. It was the first real smile he had seen all day. The man wasn’t smiling at Castiel because he was attractive or famous, but because he was genuinely happy that he was there. It made his stomach churn.
“I am.”
Dean frowned, turning to face the woman behind him. A thin layer of eyeliner accompanied a pair of electric blue eyes. Long blonde hair was tied into a tight ponytail.
Cas... was leaving?
So he waited for about half an hour, the music became more pop, and people danced. Dean quickly left the dance floor, in order not to bump into anyone.
It took an hour to get back to his apartment, and the two got out of the car. Castiel had snapped out of his shock, embarrassment and anger replacing the numb.
Castiel was busy waiting tables. The model, after finishing with the previous order, goes up to him.
Sam stumbled backward, ripping the towel from his face. “NO! I know it’s ‘tradition’ to have a wedding cake, but who needs all those calories? You certainly dont!”
There was a comment at the bottom of the picture.
After making sure Cas was breathing, the yelling began.
“I’m glad that I helped you. You know.... it should not matter which gender you are attracted to. Unfortunately, society makes a really big deal about sexuality. Love is love, and it is different for everyone. Sure, relationships can be rocky, and it’s hard to find the right person. Love is not about what someone looks like, or their popularity, but about how they make you feel. Love is growing with someone else, and learning who they are...”
He was getting worse.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel hummed, tapping his fingers against the counter. “You’re probably right....”
there was a tired voice on the other end. Sam must have just woken up. “Dean. Gabe and I are going in a little late to work...”
He felt as if he had been set on fire, and he looked away from the man in shame.
Castiel paused. It was the same everywhere because he was known as a ‘play boy’ everywhere he went. He couldn't tell Dean that, though.
But then Castiel said something that surprised Dean. “I... need you”
The went into the elevator, Dean chuckling to himself. “It’s strange to think that you’re the same man that ran into my bar just this summer...”
The man sighed. “I work at the university across town. I teach English and philosophy.”
So how did you guys like this chapter?
A group of college students walked in around two.
The delivery truck pulled up, rousing their attention.
Castiel huffed. “I would be too.”
The past week had been incredible. When in Sioux Falls, Castiel had achieved an over the average amount of sleep.
Gabriel showed up five minutes late.
Gabriel let out a relieved sigh. “His father. Dean never told you about him?”
The model pressed his finger on the picture. “Has anyone taken this?”
Here comes his second heart attack of the day.
Castiel was silent for a moment. “Only a half as amazing as you.”
The model had no time to respond. The man spoke over Cas’ incoherent mumbles.
Dean’s POV:
At first the Empty would just stand there, wait for the angel to sleep. Shortly after, the being started complaining. It asked how one insignificant man mattered so much. Castiel didn’t give it the satisfaction of replying.
Dean loved Cas.
In a daze, he jotted down the neighboring town’s name and the cemetery’s location on a dinner napkin.
It had been a week since the model had gone outside. He was being forced to keep on the down low by Rowena, thanks to his rising popularity. Lucifer had sent out an official apology to him on social media, but Castiel didnt bother responding.
“Why is he there?”
Dean sighed, moving back to the couch. “Sure. But then I have to go...”
A couple more weeks passed in this confusing state. Castiel and Dean both knew how they felt, but had no idea what to do.
Hey, everyone!
“Are you okay?”
Castiel’s voice was groggy with confusion. “What?”
He sprinted past Castiel, cackling like a witch as he passed.
silence.
Gabriel laughed bitterly. “That’s the understatement of the year! Sam still hates the man with all his guts. Dean never had the heart to, though. He always blamed himself for— sorry, Cassie, I shouldn’t talk about it...”
“Not really. I accidentally broke one of the antique plates...”
Today would be the first time he goes out. The model was being forced to go to a coffee shop with Meg. She kept telling him that he couldn’t hide forever.
Castiel took a bite of his burger.
Dean settled into the Impala, blasting music from the radio. Sam got into the passenger’s seat with a smirk on his face. About ten seconds of awkward silence later and he speaks. “So... Cas, huh?”
His heart stopped.
Despite not being able to see, Dean was able to express emotion in his eyes perfectly. Right now, they were screaming ‘we are so fucking late’, the green masterpieces wide with concern.
Castiel hummed in answer, sitting down on the edge of the bed.
Dean could feel his face burning. From what, he didn’t know, Castiel seeing him groggy and underdressed or how his voice cracked.
Rowena rose an eyebrow. “You’re pathetic, you know that?”
Castiel first looked at the bartender’s freckles. He wondered how long it would take to count them all.
Castiel pulled his friend into a hug. “How are you?”
Dean’s nails dug into his palms, hard enough to draw blood. He stormed over to the two men, standing between Castiel and the customer.
The shorter mouthed the words ‘let’s get out of here’. Sam nodded, jerking his thumb to the crowd.
They had known each other for only a few months, but Castiel felt like he had met Dean years ago. He had never experienced a relationship like the one he had with his neighbor.
The host brought Castiel to the set. There were two chairs, both in front of a big glass window. The blue sky and the buildings of the town were in view. Castiel looked at the camera woman, who gave him a thumbs up.
Castiel sat up out of bed. He sighed, looking over at his ringing phone. Rowena
The. Plane. Started. Moving.
His face burned. “Heya, Sunshine. I—um... I have come to a conclusion.”
Would he ever find out?
“Hey, Deano, are you just going to stand there or are ya going to order something???”
After a slow morning, Castiel got into the elevator and strolled to Dean’s door.
What if Cas left? What if he decided he couldn’t live here anymore???
He couldn’t cry, he was in public.
OH. MY. CHUCK.
It took what felt like years for him to speak. “Ready?”
I hope you’re having an amazing day/night! :)
The model rose an eyebrow. Why was Dean letting him decide? It was his house, after all.
Dean smiled slightly.
His older brother opened it. “What do you think?”
The man inhaled, trying to control himself.
“His hair?”
Gabriel pulled something else up onto his phone, showing Sam a series of photos.
“Will you marry me?”
Dean’s face drained, his mouth slightly parted. He nodded, his words slow and sure. “I like it when you’re here.”
Dean his cheeks burn. This was the Cas he knew; Kind, caring, and intelligent.
“Can I help you?”
Dean forced a weak smile. “G-great. I’m exited for you.”
Castiel’s POV:
Not this time.
Dean waited, shooting a quick text to Charlie that he was waiting in the cafe. Gabriel hollered at him about a minute later. Dean walked over to the counter, pulling out his wallet. Gabriel shook his head, a grin on his face. “It’s on the house. Seems like you need something good right now.”
Well, it was just him and Cas. At one in the morning. Drinking.
‘No’, he chided himself, ‘focus on getting yourself ready’
These thoughts tore away at Dean’s sanity, keeping him awake until the sun rose. He THEN passed out, for about two hours. He woke to the sound of knocking at his door. Could that be...?
The boy took a step back, a lopsided grin forming over his lips.
Once again, Castiel had found himself sleeping in late.
And eventually, Heaven became Hell—
The man wheezed, and he rested his hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I—I saw...”
Their relationship gave Dean hope. Maybe one day he would be as half as happy as them.
He groaned. “It’s fine, Benny. I’ll call you again later”
Gabriel didn’t even have time to say anything to him. Dean rushed over to the seat, clinging onto it so tightly his fingers hurt.
Dean could feel something in his chest blossoming. It had been there since the first day he had met Cas and they shook hands. Ever since their first walk. Ever since Dean had let the man into his apartment.
“If we must”
It was a picture of him and Dean standing next to the taxi, right before he had to leave for the airport. The bartender was holding Castiel’s hand in his, a tiny smile on his face.
There was about ten seconds of silence.
Well, his eyes didn't get the memo.
Okay, fun question of the day: Have you ever played an instrument? If so, what? Did/do you like it? If not, what is an instrument you have always wanted to play?
He coughed uncomfortably. “And—uh—what’s your job?”
Dean was cleaning shot glasses with a dish towel when the door slammed open.
The last page.
He heard the door open, and someone stumbled in. Dean could hear whoever it was panting.
“Oh yeah, I can’t wait to go!”
Castiel nodded. “I know that there is a ceremony and cake, but what else happens at weddings?”
Castiel got into a pair of worn jeans and a plain gray T-shirt. The photographer told him to dress how he usually does. Meg had gotten into a long sleeved shirt and a jean jacket.
Sam always knew his brother loved Cas. Give him a break! There had to be something behind every lingering stare and stupidly suggestive smirk.
Sam chased after him—and how the fuck can Dean run so fast when drunk—just failing to grab him by the collar.
“Tell me about it!”
Meg told Dean about the ‘Love, Lucifer’ interview. She explained how the host had outed Castiel as being gay, and how he showed the viewers a picture of him and Dean walking together. She told Dean that Castiel tried to defend him, and said that they weren’t dating, but no one believed him.
Sam had a wide smile on his face, and he flipped his long brunette hair. “So you two are back together?”
“I’m fine. I just wasn't prepared for it.”
He hung up, letting out a sigh in relief. At least now he could start working on that apology, right?
Dean crossed his arms, waiting for a reply. He looked over his shoulder, a smirk on his face.
The elevator doors dinged, and they left it together for the last time.
His heart froze. Was that....?
He heard Gabriel’s tired gasp on the other end. “Don’t judge us, loser. Unlike you, we actually like having fun!”
“Balthazar, put your hands in your pockets. NO! Not like a fucking scarecrow, like a human being!... That’s better. I need your expression to be intimidating. Stop smiling, you buffoon!!!”
The model felt his face burning. He looked back at Anna and Balthazar for emotional support, but they were already walking away.
He missed that deep voice, and how it would send chills down his spine. Dean missed how Castiel would drone on about bees and other animals for hours.
Castiel hummed. “I can lead you around, if you want”
Dean smirked, a sense of accomplishment and pride overwhelming him. He opened his backpack, taking out his blueprints and laptop.
Dean ran over to the door, unlocking it at the speed of light.
Day Twenty-five:
Meg huffed. “You should! I was forced to watch Titanic and eat a bucket of ice cream with him!!!”
Where were Dean’s parents?
Castiel was not going to give up that easily.
“No, that’s too cute. We need sexy. Spreads your legs more!”
He somehow is able to guide Dean to the Impala safely. He practically shoves his brother into the back seat before speeding out of the parking lot.
Dean shot them a dirty look. “I hate you both.”
“Smile for me, kid”
Castiel shook his head.
Dean’s goofy grin widened. “I love him for him. I love Cas because he cares about others, because he is willing to do anything for those he cares about, Oh!! And I love his hair.”
He shook his head. “What? No way—
A punch here, a roundhouse kick there.
Castiel sighed. If he told Dean, that could end the (very interesting) friendship that they had been building. Could Castiel really risk that?
“Just is”
The model groaned, feeling stressed.
The model rose an eyebrow in confusion, but his heart melted when seeing Dean’s eyes welling up. No way was he going to let him cry again.
Castiel gasped, eyes shooting open.
“It’s my fault, Dean. I forgot that the wood was raised a bit over there... I’m sorry”
The alarm clock was stuck in the sad excuse of a wall. It fell out, leaving a fist-sized hole in it’s place.
Castiel was roused from his thoughts by an annoyed yell. “Cassie! Did you hear what I said???”
Dean laughed for the first time today.
His brother looked great, despite the obvious hangover that he was nursing. He ran a hand through his hair, eyes darting around the kitchen.
The angel frowned. “Dean? What is going on?”
The model extended his free arm, offering his hand to Charlie. Before he could process what was happening, he was trapped in a dangerously tight hug.
Castiel sat down at a table, finding a spot between Ellen and Jo. Dean stuck by Sammy, as Jo had predicted, for dinner.
‘Wait— Dean wasn't born blind? How did he lose his sight?’
Castiel rolled his eyes before standing, taking his book bag off of the table.
“What?... How?”
Dean sat in bewilderment until Castiel exited the bathroom.
Cas was his plus one.
The dirty blonde smiled contently. “Yup” making sure to pop the P.
“Then I’d love to, Dean.”
Dean felt his stomach churning.
He ate and talked to Sam and Gabriel’s friends and family. Most of them were unsurprisingly kind.
Dean sighed, getting out of the car. He didn't need to be led.
This was real.
“Well, the kid was seventeen. He begged me for a whole year to teach him how to mix drinks. I kept refusing, since the legal age to start learning is twenty one. Eventually, I gave in. Dean was very clumsy at first, and being blind obviously didn't help. So I rearranged the entire bar. I made him memorize where everything was for an entire month before I let him start. That kid was a natural! Better than me, that’s for sure—”
Dean felt a tear slide down his cheek, and he wiped hastily at it.
Dean looked as if he was far away, remembering a nightmare. “Uh... lonely, at first. I didn’t live with my family anymore... for reasons. Sammy and I actually moved in with my Braille teacher when I was twelve. Bobby is his name.”
He was sharpening the kitchen knives when Dean came in.
Castiel frowned, tilting his head instinctively. “What do want to know?”
Castiel grinned at Dean’s excitement.
Right?
Dean rolled his eyes. “You’re fine! Just come on in.”
Dean removed the remaining screws of the chair, rigging it to break. “Okay... when Cas sits, it’ll give way.”
Meg laughed. “Calm down, dude! Cas is fine... sorta.”
A familiar voice rung in the angel’s ears. It was weak, each word softer than the last.
“Here. Anything else?”
Sam walked down the isle with a wide smile on his face, escorted by Bobby.
A jumble of nerves overcame him.
Dean laughed, feeling his way over to the man and placed the beer on the counter.
He paused, frowning at his rival. “Wait—are you not angry at me for rigging the chair to break? You haven’t yelled at me for that yet.”
Castiel spoke into his phone, his voice low. “Dr. Novak speaking, who is this?..... Hello, what can I help you with?.... Okay. I can make an exception, since my office hours are soon. Just come in as soon as you can. Goodbye.”
Dean rose, removing himself from Castiel and creeping over to the door. He opened it, whispering to the intruder—er—Benny.
The agent scoffed. “Can you even hear me right now???”
“Uh—you kinda helped me come out as gay... I was really scared to tell others about it, but then you were brave enough to do it in front of the entire country. I figured that if you’re being brave, that I should be too.”
Dean was probably doing fine without him.... unlike how he was doing. The model missed waking up every morning and having Dean waiting at his door, ready to make him tea.
The woman sighed. “Poor kid. Lucifer was awful”
The man walked over to the couch, sitting down.
He wondered what it would be like to wake every morning with Dean. To roll over and be able to see those green eyes and freckles.
Dean didn't expect himself to react the way he did.
“Trust me, Dean is practically in LOVE with you!”
Castiel felt his face burning. “He did?”
He felt small under Castiel’s frightening gaze... And safe for some reason, just like yesterday. Was that weird?
Their legs would be touching if Dean moved in inch.
Dean was back in his apartment, sipping on a beer.
“Will you—er—go out with me?”
Woah.
“This is amazing, Cassie!!!”
Dean bit his lip, refusing to let himself cry. “And he is going to be happy.... that’s all I can ask for him...”
Garth chuckled. “Is he a good friend of yours?”
“Whatever you say, liar”
Dean nodded. “Yup. Benny said he would take me as a friend.”
Castiel perked up when Gabriel said ‘date’. His hooded eyes darted up to Dean’s, a tense look on his face.
Another wave of pain. It was at the back of his head, spreading through him like an electric shock.
Castiel’s POV:
Castiel drummed his fingers on the table, and his phone went off.
Dean could still feel pressure where Cas had last touched him. A trembling hand flew up to his shoulder in a panic, clutching the bloody handprint stained on his jacket sleeve.
NOPE!
He did that for a couple minutes, massaging Dean’s upper back and trying to calm him down. He could feel the tense (and very fit) muscles loosening.
But could Dean make it until then? Could he wait that long?
Dean glanced over at the clock on his wall, stomach dropping when seeing the time.
Castiel’s POV:
Hey, everyone! This chapter helps our idiots get better acquainted.
“Now”
“So you’ll sleep in the bed.”
Dean squeezed Castiel’s shoulder with his calloused hand.
Only five minutes remained until the interview would begin. There would only be him, Lucifer, and a few camera men... but people would be watching from everywhere.
Oh shit. Maybe his brother was more wasted than he previously had thought.
Castiel frowned. “Is buying them a pet appropriate?”
He let go of a shaky breath.
The accused wrung his hands, his long hair obstructing his downcast face from view.
Castiel nodded, offering the hunter a smile. There was something about the way that the angel looked at him... Sam knew he was in love too.
Castiel continued. “I don’t understand why this is upsetting you.”
Was Sam telling him what Castiel thought he was???
“Something’s wrong with you.”
Dean yawned, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. He was in the Impala, waiting for his brother’s plane to land. Sam decided to visit for a couple weeks, needing a break from work.
Okay, so I have been struggling with a few of the upcoming chapters. I believe I know where I’m going with the plot, but I wanted to know how you guys are feeling about the story.
“Congratulations, with your brother getting married.”
Bobby drew him into a hug. “None of this is your fault...”
“I’m sorry you had to see me like that.”
“Bullshit!”
The seven year old ran back up the stairs. John was obviously drunk, swaying to the side and crashing into the counter.
Gross!
Meg laughed. “Dude, it’s okay if you like him.”
The model would have fallen without Dean’s support. “No problem.”
Sam nodded. He remembered how distraught his brother was when he escaped purgatory alone. Wherever Dean looked, he saw his angel.
Dean groaned when his alarm went off, blindly attempting to mute the sound. Comically, he ends up throwing the clock across the room. It hits a wall, making a peculiar sound. Dean frowned, peeking an eye open.
Castiel struggled to sleep that night. He stared numbly up at the ceiling, wishing Dean was sleeping next to him.
Dean actually seemed happy about Castiel showing up so late. Apparently, the bartender also had difficulty sleeping, and enjoyed the company the model had to offer. He would make him a pot of the infamous honey mint tea, and they would listen to music while scrapbooking.
Wherever Cas went, Dean would be willing to bet that he got heads to turn.
Castiel hummed in acknowledgment, slowly moving back into his apartment. Dean walked a couple steps behind him, his hand still glued to Castiel’s upper arm. No, Dean definitely didn’t feel how fast Castiel’s pulse was. Nope, no way.
“Good... good. I know some tricks to help with the hangover, if you’re okay with me sticking around.”
“Of course.”
There was a pressure on edge the bed, and the rustling sound of blankets.
Castiel smiled giddily.
The ring was a dull metallic shade, simple and plain. Although Sam couldn’t get a close look at it, he could make out that there were words carved into the band.
Before he can continue, the phone rings. Castiel frowns down at a text before looking back up. “I am sorry we have to cut this short, but I have a student in need of assistance.”
“Thank you, Dean. That means a lot to me”
The elevator dinged, and the doors opened. Castiel tripped himself up and squished impossibly closer into Dean, who somehow managed to keep them both stable.
What would happen when they went back home?
He flinched back, clamping a hand over his mouth. The model had to leave early that night, just to remain mentally stable.
Then why did he want to tell Cas?
“I used to live here until junior year of high school. Now I’ve been back for a week.”
Dean chuckled. “Isn’t it a little early to start drinking, Cas?
There was silence for a while before Dean spoke again. “Look... I try to pretend I’m fine when I talk to you... try stay strong for everyone the way you would want me to—But I can’t do it. Not when I know that you’re gone.”
Dean could almost hear the heartbreak in Castiel’s voice. He sounded so empty.
Realization hit him harder than a plane.
And Dean would move on, meet someone else to settle down with. Maybe he would retire from the family business, have kids, grow old. Dean Winchester would get what he always wanted.
“SO, I was wondering.... who’s that? You know, the man with ocean eyes and the sex hair?”
The minutes flowed by, and the plane became steady.
“Can I get a beer, please?”
His stomach churned, and a cheeky smile forced itself on the model’s lips.
Dean sighed, still waiting for his friend to respond. His hands traveled down to his boxers, pulling them—
Dean snorted. “Really??? I have a job and life here.... and what if Cas doesn't even want me to go? No, it would be too difficult. He would have to lead me everywhere, and wouldn’t be focused on the competition, and that’s IF they even let models bring friends or family! I would be a burden.”
Castiel studied Dean’s facial expression. He looked extremely anxious, biting down on his lip.
Dean shook his head. “Who?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. Maybe Heaven? Hell? Knowing you, nowhere will accept you. I guess your trapped with Dean forever.”
It wasn’t long before Dean started having nightmares.
Dean mentally cursed himself for being a dumbass.
He looked up. “Cassie.”
“What do you mean? No catch. I get a ten minute interview, you get ten thousand bucks. That seems pretty worth it to me...”
“So tell me, how long have you two known each other?”
Dean thought that he was going to refuse, but he heard the padding of Castiel’s feet, moving to the edge of the bed.
Castiel nodded slowly. “Should I buy a plane ticket then?”
Something about the model was always able to relax him. For the first time, Dean had fallen asleep without needing to use drugs or alcohol.
That was it.
Castiel immediately regretted telling her. Meg squealed. “AWWWWWWwwwwwww! Wait—Dean!?! Was he the man in the photo with you??? The guy on ‘Love, Lucifer’?!!?”
Dean rolled his eyes, hanging up on his coworker. It was difficult to run his own company. He had to find interested clients, work on multiple houses at once, and ensure that his employees were happy. Dean loved his job, but sometimes it could be a bitch...
It took about a week to complete the scrapbook.
“I’ll see ya tomorrow, Gabriel. Tell Cas that I won today!”
Castiel was running around his apartment, checking his bags and second guessing himself.
Dean’s charming—er—cocky voice echoed in the late summer air. “Oh yeah! So you got arrested for reading a book on top of a mental institution.... care to explain???”
Dean walked over to Castiel, taking his hand. “Heya, Cas.”
Was... was Dean pulling him in closer? Their sides were now touching, Castiel’s nestled comfortably under him.
Dean’s first reaction was shock. Then anger.
Castiel chuckled. “I’m sure you will make it to South Dakota without dying. I’ll be there with you.”
Then it happened.
“Yeah?”
Okay, I know that this chapter was sad. I promise you that the next chapter will be better! There may or may not be some.... fluff (hehe, there will definitely be!)
Dean, in contrast to Castiel’s night, was rushing from place to place, managing.
It was now twelve in the morning, and loud conversations and music erupted through the room.
The model frowned, rubbing the back of his neck. He couldn’t possibly tell him the complete truth... but he wouldn’t lie either. Not to Dean.
“Dean!”
Lucifer smiled. “Has anybody known before now?”
Castiel nodded reluctantly. “Where is the shoot?”
He left the bathroom.
Castiel felt all remaining confidence draining from within him. “Uh—It’s not that I am afraid of commitment, it is just that the relationships never felt... real.”
“I am right here, Dean. I’ll be here the whole time.”
Dean smiled, dumping some honey and the tea bag into hot water.
It took him about four of the pop singer’s songs to finally remember her name.
Chuck, why did he miss this so much???
Castiel nodded, standing up to switch roles.
The model slowly pulled away, his hands sliding back down to his sides.
Castiel shrugged, a neutral expression on his face. “Only if you bring me coffee again.”
Was this weird? For some strange reason, Dean found himself feeling... eerily safe.
“You were cute. And your parents are beautiful.”
Jo sighed. “We’ll work on it. Make sure to say his name, it gives a sense of intimacy.”
By the time Bobby had left the kitchen, half of the guests had fled.
Dean groaned, stuffing a massive chunk of pancake in his mouth.
Dean spoke, ignoring how his entire body was screaming at his decision. “Yes”
He kept saying the same two words.
Sam sighed, defeated. “I haven't seen you eat since we found out about Cas... and I think you’ll die if you don’t eat something.”
Castiel nodded, his ribcage Pounding. “Do you have any books in Braille?”
“Bitch”
“Just work”
Before he could relax, Castiel began to lead him. The steps were simple, but Dean could tell that the model knew what he was doing.
But things, very quickly, took a turn for the worse.
Castiel was caught off guard by his question. Dean was asking whether he liked his job?
Nononononono
“Yeah, I had difficulty sleeping...”
Was four thirty in the morning too early to see Cas?
It took him a few moments to spot Dean. There was a silhouette of a man, standing at the very corner of the cemetery. His shoulders were slumped.
Castiel sighed, taking a quick snapshot of the photo, feeling a pang guilt in his chest. He then turned off his phone, flipping back onto his side. Castiel threw the blankets off of him, overheating. The warm air around him made it hard to cool down. Castiel couldn’t help but think of him
He gave the student a nervous smile. “Thanks. Do you know were the ‘English and Philosophy’ class is?”
He finally pulled himself together. He had a good job, friends, a wonderful brother (who was getting married!), and his own bar. He should be happy!
The model sat there, eyes unfoucused in the empty space in front of him. He was struggling to process it all, thousands of emotions tearing away at him. He was furious that John had treated his family like that.
He was on his side, hair ruffled and a lax expression settled across his features. Sunlight peaked out from the slightly open curtains, making his tan skin glow.
Maybe stopping Dean from proposing was a bad idea.
“Three!!!!”
He just wanted to go home. Ever since he had arrived, the model had felt an extreme any sense of unease. He was desperate to get back to his apartment.
Dean felt his heart skip a beat. He missed the sound of Castiel’s voice.
Dean pulled away, walking over to the kitchen table to grab more groceries.
Oh right, sleep was also an issue.
“Just comes with the job, dear. Speaking of which, Lucifer wants you to do a shoot with him and have an exclusive interview on ‘Love, Lucifer’.”
There was a grumble on the other end of the door, and it opened. Dean had a sour expression on his face, lower lip sticking out.
Just maybe this could all work out...
“Going home and making you tea.”
Dean bit his lip. “Thanks for coming out here with me, Cas.”
Castiel smiled. Just when he thought Dean couldn't be more adorable.
Dean grimaced. “Don’t get your apron in a twist! I just thought that since I was on the way—
No way could Cas would ever want him. Not really...
“Kinda”
Right?
For what felt like an eternity, Dean just stood there. He could barely process what had happened. Everything replayed in his head like a deranged motion picture.
Rowena scoffed in the host’s face. “That was horrible! You just forced Cassie to come out to the ENTIRE country!!! The poor boy looks awful! AND YOU SHOWED THE PUBLIC THE PHOTO OF A RANDOM GUY!!!!”
Why did they sleep in so late? Castiel had middle-of-the-night insomnia, and Dean didnt seem to sleep at all!
Dean rolled his eyes. “Look, I need to be perfect for Sammy... I need your help. Just use your modeling skills, or whatever, to fix me!”
Then he realized something.
He scowled. “I hate it when you’re right.... let’s go.”
ughhhhhh, FOCUS!!!
He hummed, taking a long sip of his coffee. Cas then looked back at Dean, ocean eyes sending chills down his spine. “I’m glad I caught you on a bad day. We might not have met otherwise.”
Gabriel looked back up at Castiel. He finished the story for Sam.
The bartender’s face immediately grew red.
The sound of Dean sighing caught Castiel’s attention. The bartender stifled a yawn, setting his bags down in the corner and flopping onto the bed. It was obvious that he was exhausted.
No, this is fine. Cas was probably just going grocery shopping.... Dean could see him later tonight!
Jo didn't have to be told twice, scrambling from the seat.
Dean and Meg were on the other side, each holding a bag of groceries. The latter had a massive grin on her face, looking up at the bartender with an evil glint in her eyes.
Gabriel’s expression hardened. He then looked down, defeat creeping into his facial expression. “I.... yeah, Dean’s gone.”
Gabriel pressed a hand to his chest. “I came up with it myself! Sounds cool, right? I’m calling today, ‘The Battle Of The Sugar Packets!’”
Meg smiled mischievously. “We met in our junior year of high school. He moved to my town after ‘making it big’.”
Castiel grinned. “So the seat is mine today?”
Jack’s eyes widened in realization. “Dean... Are you in love with Castiel?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, flopping down on the couch. “He’s just a really nice neighbor... a super attractive and charming and funny and—
Day Ten: Getting Even
Not like he had a love life, that is. And especially not with Cas!
Dean felt himself smiling. It was subtle and small, but genuine. He was never able to think about his mom without crying, but this was the first time he had smiled. He and Cas sat there for a while, letting what each of them had said sink in.
Oh, right, because they are idiots.
“Okay, so leading a blind person is pretty simple. Just warn me about objects coming up, and make sure to explain the layout of the rooms you bring me in”
Castiel smiled, tears now falling freely.
Dean bee-lines it directly to kitchen table, resting a hand on the angel’s shoulder. “Heya, Cas?”
Castiel felt something in his heart ache. Dean smiled down at the model, waiting for him to start reading.
Dean shot up out of bed, covered in sweat. He must have had a nightmare again...
Dean would never see him again. He was stuck in Heaven, forced to live in a world without his angel.
He gave a woman her drink, overhearing the conversation she was having with her friend.
Castiel walked onto set, spotting Meg in the back of the room.
Dean was in his kitchen baking when he heard someone knock on his front door. He frowned, brushing his flour-caked hands on his flannel before shuffling over to the living room.
“Well, we should also buy you some regular button downs, just in case you have to go to any other formal events.”
Jo was very proud by his improvement. Somehow, she was managed to change Castiel from the worst dancer in the actual history of the world, to even better than HER! And she had been dancing for years!
Castiel looked away from Dean, his whole body shaking from shame and guilt.
Castiel spluttered, choking on the pool water. If he wasn't flustered before, he was now.
It made something in his heart melt.
Gabriel grinned wickedly at Sam. “Ha! Take that, loser”
“Slurp one more time, I DARE you.”
Dean continues, despite his brother’s snickers. “And those lips. Damn, I always have to stop myself from—
The host smiled. “Well, how does it feel to get this secret off your chest?”
Castiel fell into suit, walking a couple steps behind him.
He gave him a crooked grin, his eyebrow slightly raising. Castiel felt butterflies fluttering in his stomach.
“Pft, nah.... yeah. I forgot a jacket.”
Castiel stumbled through an incoherent sentence. “No—well, not.....I—uh”
“Cas...”
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “You? Apologize? That doesn’t sound like something you would do.”
Dean is too perfect.
Cas was standing there, lips twisted into a loving smile. Tears stained the angel’s cheeks, sky-blue eyes locked onto green. The three words he spoke repeated in Dean’s mind like a broken record.
“Okay, I’m happy with what we have. Castiel... can I see you aside for a moment?”
Dean was curious about the man. Castiel was extremely secretive, and was always careful on how much he would share about himself...
“Why not a scrapbook?”
“Thanks, Meg”
The moose doubled over, panting. Did he really run all the way here?
Castiel drummed his fingers against the steering wheel. “Crowley is a fashion designer up in New York. He offered me a custom made jacket in return for an extra couple hours of work.”
Dean sighed, pulling out a box of tea packets from the plastic bag and throwing it blindly in Meg’s direction. She yelped in reaction, barely dodging the box.
Dean didn’t stop, grabbing the angel’s hand and pulling inside. The hunter then breaks contact, wrapping his arms around Castiel. They stayed like that, clinging each other.
Immediatley the atmosphere changes around them. Even Sam was taken a back by Dean’s words. His brother avoided all the sappy drama that he could. Hearing him say something so openly was shocking.
Hey, everyone! Lucifer will be interviewing Castiel in the next chapter...
The woman’s eyes softened, and she strolled in. She looked around the kitchen, where a leftover pot of lukewarm tea was sitting.
“Uh—I have to go to lunch with a co-worker, actually. How about you?”
Nope, he didn’t like any of that.
Ellen smiled, a sense of pride in her voice. “I was just telling Cas about how Dean learned to bartend.”
The bar tender turned a page of the book, a bored expression on his face. “Don't know. I have to go to the rehearsal dinner later tonight and practice my speech as best man.”
Dean pushed the button to the third floor, and the elevator moved down. The doors opened, and Dean pressed his hand against the wall. He eventually made it to room 314. Dean took a deep breath, a nervous jitter in his stomach. What if Cas thought that he was weird for just randomly showing up?
Castiel spoke, only loud enough for Dean to hear. “What are you thinking about?”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. He mumbles “years” before leaving the room, most likely to find Cas.
“C-Cas?”
Dean had a particular someone in mind. An angel with ocean eyes and a smile brighter than the sun.
Castiel smiled. “That’s a beautiful name.”
Relief overwhelms him. Cas really likes him!
Castiel felt as if he was having a heart attack. His rib cage pounded, and a few beads of sweat rolled down the back of his neck.
Castiel’s phone vibrated, causing him to flinch. He looked down at Rowena’s text.
The ceremony was taking place outside of a historical home of sorts, the early autumn air giving a welcoming atmosphere.
His words were strung together in a long slur. “Heya, Deannn. Watchya thinking about?”
Castiel continued. “A few of my students have been inadequate in their performance. They don’t turn in their essays and overshare in class, and that’s if they bother to show up at all.”
But he stayed there, frozen. Something about this felt... right.
“Uhh—‘dark and stormy’. It’s supposed to be a tropical drink of some kind.”
Rowena rested a pale hand on his shoulder. “Well, have you ever heard of Chuck Eden?”
Castiel felt heat rise into his cheeks, and a tiny smile tugged at the corners of his lips. He didn't notice the tiny crowd forming around them, and someone pulling out their phone to take a video.
“I guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
Dean rushed out of bed twenty minutes before his alarm went off. He had to win this war... ‘Coffee War,’ was it? Yeah, that’s what Gabriel had called it.
Meg pulled out her phone, showing the trending photos of Dean and Castiel together. The picture of them at the bar was the most popular one. Dean was holding the door open for him, a lopsided grin plastered on his face.
Castiel was suddenly glad that Sam told him to sit. The model would have collapsed in shock if he hadn’t been.
The bartender could sense the tiny smile on Castiel’s face. “I was wondering if you would want to go on a walk with me? Unfortunately, I can not guarantee that we won’t be chased by fourteen year old girls...”
The bartender closed the door. “Uh... so what can I do you for?”
He studied his face instead, which lied mere inches from his own.
The woman stammered.
Castiel rolled his eyes, ignoring how his stomach fluttered. He felt guilty about taking the flannel to New York with him, but he couldn’t find the heart to leave it behind.
The woman sighed, walking over to the counter and sitting on a stool. “I don’t know if you remember me, but I came in here once with Cassie. The name’s Meg.”
Dean’s shoulder slightly relaxed to the touch. “I—....
The longer time had passed, the worse he felt. Another week of insomnia might be the end of him. Castiel sighed, slipping into a long sleeved T-shirt and hoodie. The faint smell of Dean still lingered on it, being worn by him back in Sioux Falls. He nuzzled his cheek into the warm fabric.
That’s when realization struck.
“He hung up. Dean hasn’t talked about you in a long time... whenever I try to bring you up, he hangs up.”
The students in the class murmured amongst each other, grins on their faces. Cas stared at him, his head slightly tilted to the side. “Do you want to stay for my lecture?”
Dean held back a choke, pursing his lips. Castiel, did in fact, choke, spluttering out a couple incoherent words.
Gabriel nodded, standing up and turning around to work. “I’ll get you a towel too.”
Dean’s crooked smile faded away, his lips twisting with worry.
Dean wore his stupid cocky grin, and Castiel felt something inside him melt. The room felt as if it had gone up a couple (hundred) degrees.
Not that he didn't want to—
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand. “Let’s take a break.”
The man paused for a second, then chuckled. “That is a good question, but you won’t believe me if I told you...”
Dean sighed, stretching. “I should head out, before I collapse. This has been nice, Cas.”
He waited until everyone but Dean had left the kitchen to ask. He slipped over to his flustered brother, crossing his arms. “How long?”
Castiel felt his face burning, and his hands shook violently. “I’m sorry”
Castiel and Dean continued their conversation, the crowd watching in curiosity. Some looked jealous, while others relieved.
Dean’s POV:
Castiel grimaced.
Dean felt his blood running cold.
Hey, y’all, half way through the story!
To her surprise, a very nervous looking model was standing on the other side.
The angel’s entire body trembled. “How long have I been gone?”
He remembered seeing them in a photo a few weeks back. The charming blonde woman and a black-haired man.
Castiel smiled and opened his mouth to respond. He was cut off when a cold raindrop fell on the back of his neck. Before he could process what was happening, heavy rain fell around them.
“I—I...”
Sam was now grinning.
But that wasn't the worst of it. Dean actually was beginning to understand him! Cas was intimidating, determined, a total nerd, and.... kind. Damn, was he kind. Even when they fought, which was practically every day, Castiel had been nice.
He could feel the warmth of the sun on his skin, which would usually still be down when he woke.
Sam sighed. “Dean—
He tilted his head, furrowing his brows. “But didn’t Anna do well too?”
But what he dreamt of most often was their dance. The way Dean smiled giddily when Castiel told him about working at the restaurant. The whole world seemed to have faded around them.
He muttered to himself. “Sonofabitch”
Castiel led him off of the dance floor. “Thanks for dancing with me, Dean.”
Gabriel winked.
The host rose an eyebrow. “Cassie?”
Castiel turned back and looked at the mirror.
He made more stabbing motions in the air.
Dean’s face burned. So Cas actually listened to the mixtape... and liked it!
About two days later and it happens again.
The celebrity was in a T-shirt with the words ‘Good Morning, Vietnam’ printed on it. Castiel found the clothing highly inappropriate, especially for a live interview. Lucifers eyes pierced Castiel’s like spears.
“Hmmmmm... no. Sorry, can’t do that. Not this time”
The girl stammered through an incoherent sentence. “I...Meg...we....huh?”
“That interviewer was an asshole. Don’t take it personally”
Castiel hung up. His eyes locked onto green. “You got lucky this time, Dean. I have to go...”
It is late in the night when they are walking back up the steps to Dean’s home. He turns around to face Castiel, a shy smile on his face. “I guess you won the Coffee War then, huh?”
God—Dean missed him. He missed him so fucking much.
“Kiss me.”
There was a sigh on the other end. “Sure, idjit. How are things?”
Which meant he would be flying home tomorrow!
The night passed quickly, and Castiel found himself walking home with Dean. The bartender rambled on about how well Castiel had done, telling him about all the compliments he had gotten about his ‘new employee’.
He laughed bitterly. “I’m going out. What do you think I’m doing???”
Dean shot him a reassuring grin from over his shoulder. “You’ll do great! I’m going be there the whole time. I’ll take over if you get nervous, okay?”
“Well, some fans saw you two walking and hanging around each other. And in all of them, you both look... extremely happy. Like, I even thought you two I were getting it on or something!”
“Tomorrow?”
“No... he told me that he doesn't like his job all that much.... and that his coworkers screw him over a lot...”
Thank CHUCK.
“Missed you too.”
“I wouldn’t want to... intrude.”
A mischievous look entered the other man’s expression. “what would you do if I told you that—
Castiel was now in sitting at the kitchen table in Dean’s apartment.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was too busy thinking about Cas.
“Sam and Gabriel’s.”
Dean smirked up at him. “Heya, Sunshine! Turns out you weren’t quite fast enough today.”
He didn't even need to go for too long today! He just wanted to shove it in that asshole’s handsome—er—stupid face.
Their hands brushed, and Dean’s face reddened.
Hell, he couldn't hear anything over the blood rushing in his ears.
Dean would wake up right when Castiel was taken, heart racing and hands shaking.
Dean’s POV:
“Did you... fall off of the couch?”
Castiel was supposed to be listening to Rowena right now. She was telling him about a bunch of possible meddling contracts.
Meg nodded. “This is it! I think you look incredible”
“Hey, are you two alive??? Brunch is at ten, and it’s already nine thirteen! You have twenty minutes to get your lazy asses up and ready.
The bartender nodded, he turned around and shouted to the back.
“His legs need to spread farther”
“What?”
Hell, the cafe wasn't even open yet!
Every other morning, Castiel would show up to Dean’s apartment. He would accompany the bartender on his walk to work, and then go back home. Sure, it might have appeared clingy to most people, but his neighbor did not seem to mind.
Dean cheered. “We made it in one piece!”
“I can carry your luggage, Dean. Can you lead him, Cas? Gabriel can carry your bags for you!”
Dean continued. “And he really loved mom. Hell, I have never seen a couple with a relationship like that. Maybe Sam and Gabriel, but they’re a different story.”
He glided his hand against the wall, moving back through the narrow hallway. Castiel followed close behind.
Jo grinned. “Good. Okay, you first need to ask whether they care to dance with you. Imagine I’m Dean and ask me.”
Did Cas love him?
Castiel didn't know what came over him. Tears welled up in his eyes, and he didn’t try to stop them from falling.
Dean still looked the same, aside from his bloodshot eyes and chapped lips. His hair was still a dirty blonde, eyes still a vibrant green. His cheeks and nose were still dusted by a layer of freckles. It was like Cas was never gone.
Castiel’s fists were clinched like tiny bowling balls, his knuckles went white. His jaw clenched.
The fact that Dean wouldn’t be sleeping with him anymore was terrifying.
A sense of dread washed over Castiel when seeing the bed, which was positioned in the middle of the room.
Dean stood to the left of the Gabriel, waiting for his brother with a nervous expression on his face.
The redhead stood outside of the apartment door. She let out a nervous huff, knocking on the door.
Dean finished his coffee and took a shower. He climbed into yet another pair of worn jeans (are Jeans the only pants he owned???) and a green military jacket. He felt a nervous jitter in his stomach.
In all honesty, Dean was afraid to leave town. He knew the place well... he has for fifteen years. If he left, Dean would be a helpless eleven year old again. He would be lost.
He wore a mischievous grin. “You look extremely familiar... let me guess, you’re Linda’s boyfriend?”
Castiel froze. No one has asked him his opinion on something in.... forever.
Everything was so dark. He felt alone.
For the first time in the period Castiel knew him, Dean looked angry. His jaw clenched, and his shoulders seemed to tense up.
Dean looked back over at the blonde woman, eyes wide. Was this the niece that Cas had told him about?
His face burned, and he felt a desperate need to change the subject. “How long have we been up here?”
Castiel snapped out of his thoughts. He couldn't lie to the public, could he?
Gabriel gasped. “You wouldn’t.”
Dean offered him a shy smile, ignoring the suggestive look on Sam’s face. “Heya, Cas. How did your class go?”
How would Dean react? Would he be flattered by it all, or would he run away? Would he be okay with it? What if he would be embarrassed by it all??? Would he be angry?
“I feel.... betrayed? Like, I trusted him. Cas didn't tell me who he really was.... he took advantage of me. He knew I didn't know who he was, and that I wouldn’t care what he looked like because I was blind..... he took advantage of my sight. I feel...”
He took a deep breath.
Cas offers Dean a smug smile. “I guess I have, haven’t I?”
The angel tilted his head to the side. “Then let me go.”
“Mind your business!”
Dean nodded, trying to seem casual. In reality, his heart ached.
Dean sunk back in his chair, pulling his signature pouty face. “I can’t believe I’m doing this! I should be back in the bar right now...”
“Dean?”
Castiel walked over and sat across from him.
Castiel tilted his head, confused towards the question. “Just a classmate of mine”
Dean rubbed his temples, trying to calm himself down. “Okay...alright. Sure”
The boy rubbed the back of his neck. “Uh—you kinda helped me come out as gay. I was really scared to tell others about it, but then you were brave enough to do it in front of the entire country. I figured that if you’re being brave, that I should be too.”
Dean had barely squeaked any words out in response before everything fell apart. The walls shook, the door burst open—
Dean frowned. Who were they talking about? He knew about the host of ‘Love, Lucifer’, but he never really bothered to watch it the show.
As the next few hours passed, he felt a sense of dread overwhelm him.
Dean put the book down, getting up and retrieving a sheet of paper out from his duffle bag.
Out of the blue, Dean spoke. He said more than the angel had heard him utter to anyone since before he died.
He grumbled, walking over to his suitcase and getting out a new pair of clothes. “What are we doing today?”
“You mean Dean’s brother! Ohhhhh! They invited you?”
FUCKFUCKFUCK
The model walked outside to find it raining. Could Dean be out in this weather?
Rowena stopped in the hallway. “I’m sorry, Cassie. I never would have taken the interview if I knew he would do that to you”
Castiel turned around, eyes wide. “What???”
He took a deep breath, trying to relax. He had learned how to dance, he practiced for this.
The man felt his cheeks redden, and his mind raced.
Castiel’s POV:
Liked Taylor Swift.
Hey, everyone!
“Uhhh, when I turned twelve.”
Gabriel nodded, looking sheepishly down at his engagement ring.
Then why was he so nervous?
The entire world stopped. Everyone in the bar was frozen in place, staring at the two in shock. Castiel’s hand gripped at the bartender’s jeans. He hooked his thumb on the belt loop, pulling Dean closer. He felt a hot tear hit his jaw. Whether it was Castiel’s or his, he wasn't sure.
Dean hesitantly walked out, shutting the apartment door behind him. He let out a sigh as he walked back to his room, fidgeting with his hands.
Castiel thanked him. “Do you want me to lead you back to the kitchen or do you think you can do it?”
He groaned, turning on his phone to scroll through social media. Most of it was boring. There were a few selfies of Meg hitting the town, a couple of other celebrities doing their thing, and a single trending photo of Castiel and Meg talking together in the street.
Dean smiled. “It’ll be cool to live there.”
Dean rose an eyebrow. “I’m sure we can get by. Cas and I have been practically living in each other’s apartments every morning. I can just sleep on the couch or something—
The host lips somehow twisted into a bigger smile. He almost seemed demonic at this point.
“Yes!!! We are so close, now put your thumb in your jean pocket. No, the other one.”
The low voice spoke. “Hello, Dean”
Ughhhhh, he still couldn’t sleep.
Dean snatched it, glaring spitefully at Cas. After firing a quick message to himself, he shoves the phone back into the professor’s hands. Cas reacts with a low chuckle, sending chills down Dean’s spine. “I guess I will you be seeing you later tonight, then?”
Castiel hitched a breath, his hand lingering on the crook of Dean’s neck.
This was it.
“Shush!”
“Oh—Meg stoped by the restaurant the other day. She told me that she went to high school with you!”
“Why do you have a ring, Dean?”
He let out a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Dean.”
Shitshitshitshitshitshit.
He looked around the lobby in confusion. “Where’s Dean-o?”
“Three”
Who could blame him? He was very good looking, even if he was a jerk...
And eventually, it was obvious. Dean would simply not move on. He would just get worse, become more reckless.
He spewed his drink in shock. “What the—!?!”
Thank you for reading, I hope that you are all having a great day/night!
Castiel knew that he would have a panic attack if he didn't do something, so he hesitantly slipped his hand into Dean’s. The man responded by intertwining their fingers.
There was a knock on the door.
Dean sniffs. “Wh—
It clicked in his mind. It all made sense now....
Dean paced his living room, running a hand through his hair.
Sam laughed, leaning over the table to whisper his next words. “For one, you have a LOT to offer him. Just because you can’t see and that you had a hard childhood, doesn't mean that you’re broken. For another, Castiel doesn't even notice those things about you. He likes being with you because of who you are, nothing less, nothing more.”
Suddenly Dean’s lips are crashed into his own. His eyes widen in surprise before he shuts them completely, locking lips with the man he loves.
“Yeah?”
Meg squealed, her eyes widening. “Yeah! He’s like—a famous fashion designer!”
Castiel was silent, still standing in the doorway.
Sam rolled his eyes and continued to watch.
He gave up on rest about an hour after Dean had left, picking up the horror novel and struggling over the words. He was getting better at reading Braille, but he still took a while to read. He had to translate every letter before moving forward.
He walked back to the hotel room shortly after. Dean was still in bed, reading the horror novel. His hair was a ruffled mess, sticking up in multiple areas. He bit his lip in concentration, his index finger gliding over the Braille.
Castiel took a sip from his beer, trying to ignore that his cheeks burned.
Sam noticed his brother’s vacant expression, stumbling over and sitting next to him.
Dean froze. Cas was reading... a romance novel?
Dean scowled. “That doesn't count!”
They found a Swiss Army knife in Dean’s backpack, who failed to convince security that he needed it. They decided to mail it back to the apartment complex, where he could pick it up later.
“Dean.”
He was leaving Dean behind. The man he crushing on—No, those words were too weak.
The man sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. “I still have no idea what to say. I have written down a million things, but none of it felt right.... actually, can you help me?”
Charlie cackled like a witch. “So we are, then!”
Castiel’s cheeks went a shade of pink. “I would love to, Dean”
The model got off the airplane and carried his duffle bag through the airport. The cool morning air blew against him when he exited the building. Castiel shivered, pulling Dean’s flannel from his waist. He put the jacket on.
The reality of it all began to sink in.
“...What?”
Dean forgot about the cold wind hitting his face.
Dean’s heart leaped out from his chest. “Cas! Come in”
He hoped so...
Castiel missed this.
Castiel nodded.
Dean felt something he hadn’t in years.
“Well, rumor is that he is doing a shoot with Meg Masters tomorrow. They are also being interviewed! the magazine is calling the headline of their article ‘Uncensored’.”
Meg shot her friend a worried look.
Dean scoffed, shaking his head. “No way. I’ve been waitin’ too long for this. I’m gonna marry him. Tonight.”
“Me too.”
“Yes.”
“Dean Winchester”
“I could be gone for.... three years???”
And he might actually have to DANCE with someone???
John continued. “Well, sometimes you don’t come back from the hospital.”
“Thanks!”
A nervous laugh escapes Sam’s lips. “Slow down there, Romeo. Shouldn’t you ask him out on a date first, or something?”
Dean laughed nervously. “No”
The model downed his beverage. “When are you getting off of work?”
Gabriel bear attacked him.
Before Castiel could answer, a loud cheer echoed from behind him.
Castiel nodded. “Okay. Can you give me an example?”
She giggled. “Really? Why’d he make you tea?”
Dean was his own person after all. He didn't need to tell Cas everything...
Dean pulled out his phone and actually THREW it at Castiel. What was scarier? That it landed right in the model’s hand.
The hunter ran a hand through his hair, a sigh escaping his lips. After another disastrous ‘salt and burn’ case, Sam was more than ready to collapse. If it was up to him, he would have been asleep by now.
The model rolled his eyes, but he secretly took reassurance in Rowena’s presence.
“Cas... I should be the one saying sorry. I thought that you were only hanging around me because I didn’t know what you looked like. But I was wrong... you didn't tell me who you were in order to protect me from the press. I get it now... and I am so sorry. I wish I could take everything I said back.”
Balthazar couldn't keep his giggling under control. It was funny on the first day of working together, but Castiel had (finally) grown tired of it.
Castiel looked back down at the floor. Meg rushed over to her friend, wrapping her arms around him.
And neither of them had denied it.
“Uh—no, sir.”
Castiel’s POV:
“Uh—yes. I would appreciate that.”
This was too much.
“Six”
The model froze. “Is it a scary horror novel?”
Castiel nodded, confused.
The model immediately changed the subject. “I should get back to my apartment....”
The man tilted his head (and no, it was definitely not cute). “You weren’t here when I arrived, and I do not see your name on the seat. In conclusion, this is not your seat. And since I am sitting here right now, it is, quite frankly, MY seat.”
Whaaatttt??? He didn't think that.
Fuck, now he wishes he brought a jacket.
Suddenly, the word ‘Sunshine’ makes his cheeks redden. Before, Dean was using the pet name to piss Cas off. Now, Dean was using it the way it was intended... affectionately.
There was a chuckle, low and deep. Something that the bartender had been waiting (very) impatiently to hear. “Yes, I am rather hungry...”
Dean’s POV:
“What are you two talking about?”
Dean had to leave for the dinner rehearsal, and Castiel spent the rest of the evening in the room. He read the horror novel, catching up to where the bartender had left off.
But how?
The woman smiled, then ungracefully handed him a slip of paper. “Well, I’m single and ready to mingle. Give me a call!”
Sam grimaced, shuffling over to his brother.
“Sam!”
But he never once experienced anyone offering him... well, sex, because of his looks. Surprisingly, he never expected to have someone flirt with him in person (the internet was a different story, of course).
An involuntary grin rose to Dean’s face. “Sure. See you tomorrow, Cas”
Dean chuckled to himself. “Yeah, I can barely believe Sammy is married.”
The teen shied towards them. “You... are you... you know, are you???”
Castiel. Didn’t. Know. How. To. Dance.
After the plane settled, Dean found himself able to breath again.
He didn’t regret what he had done. So what? Dean lost a customer! He would rather have polite customers with real depth than people like that.
He was searching for two specific people. He had been keeping an eye out for them since he had stepped into the cabin.
Was it possible that Cas could do it again?
The model felt his heart skip. Dean removed his hand from Castiel’s upper arm, skimming it over the small selection of books.
“Your mother isn't coming home.”
Was Dean overthinking it?
Then he got nervous.
Dean and Castiel continued their morning in a companionable silence, one drinking tea contently while the other unloading the dishwasher.
Dean frowned, taking another swig of from his beer. “Then what made you drop by?”
After the short walk to the dance floor, Castiel dropped his right hand on his waist, taking Dean’s hand with the other.
He got into his swimming trunks and grabbed the room key. He then walked down to the pool.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You seriously need help, man. Coffee is way better!”
Lucifer rose an eyebrow. “You two seem like more than mere acquaintances!”
“Of course! I’ll just tell him that Gilda wants my attention on her.”
Castiel looked at the hunter he had fallen for; the man he had been hell and back for.
He then faced away from the model, his face burning
Gabriel huffed. “We ARE an old married couple.... or we’re about to be at least”
“Sorry, kid, but he needs his space. This isn’t particularly the easiest day for him.”
Another long period of silence. “No. Not like that.”
The man’s laptop had lost battery about an hour and a half ago. He had settled on reading a book, which was conveniently placed in his book bag.
The hunter’s jaw was clenched. “Who the hell are you?”
“Uh, can I get you water or something?”
So after work, he went home and called up his best friend.
Would it be rude to go in? Would Dean mind?
The words tumbled from his lips before he could stop them. “You look very pleasing.”
Castiel sat there, observing the empty room.
Sam runs over, football tackling Dean to the ground. “Don’t listen to him!”
“Wait... Cas? What are you doing here?”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. He muttered, his voice barely detectable.  “Are you okay?”
Sam hummed. “That’s serious. Dean was really wasted that night”
Dean’s mouth hung open. “Wait, so you DON’T drink coffee?”
“Ah. I can relate”
Castiel walked over to his duffle bag and grabbed the book, sitting down on the couch. Dean sat next to him, their sides pressed together.
He was awoken by the sound of banging on the door.
Charlie giggled. “We finally have time to get to know you!”
He closed the door behind him, sneaking one last glance at Dean. The man was giving him a lopsided grin, revealing his white teeth.
The bartender walked over to the couch cushions, grabbing Castiel’s upper arm. “Can we please watch one more??? The next episode is REALLY good!”
Dean could sense that the man was smiling. “I’m glad you dropped by! I just finished making Banana muffins, if you want to have one.”
Dean’s fists clenched. Sam immediatley cringed, knowing that escaping his brother’s rage was futile. Was it too late to run away?
Castiel crossed his arms. “Yes, you can. If you don’t, I promise that I will make your life hell. I will be awake in here forever and so will you. Both of us will be trapped here...”
The words slipped past his lips before he could stop them. “Kinda sounds familiar to us, don’t it?”
Castiel went back to styling his own hair, which was slightly ruffled from slumber.
“Would Sam want this in the scrapbook?”
Jack shrugged. “He is! Right, Dean?”
Now it was just Dean and him, sitting next to each other in the booth.
Castiel would show up at Dean’s door at one in the morning. A normal neighbor would wait until the morning, but he was far from average.
Dean assisted Castiel into the elevator, pressing the button for the third floor.
Castiel’s POV:
Dean jumped up in surprise.
“Dean! Listen to me.”
Did Dean not sleep well either?
Dean smiled. Before he could say anything, Castiel’s phone rung. The man sighed glumly, turning on his device.
Cas visibly shudders. “Trust me, you don’t want to know.”
Castiel walked over to the camera, not recognizing the man who stared back at him.
Dean smiled to himself. ‘Coffee War’ had a nice ring to it.....
Castiel looked over at the clock on the wall.
“I’m so glad you agreed to come!”
Castiel’s reaction was definitely a surprising one. It was obvious that the model was furious about what had happened, but...
Dean’s cheeks burned. He scoffed, hoping to cover up his flustered appearance with annoyance. “No, you jerk, I was just curious!”
Should he let go? Did Cas want him to?
They were doing an ‘uncensored’ photo shoot, to show the public what the two models truly looked like without makeup. They were even supposed to do an interview afterwards.
The bartender chuckled. “That sounds boring. Have you ever thought about changing your line of work?”
Okay. This is all normal. It’s completely and totally normal to bring your breathtaking neighbor to your brother’s wedding as a plus one, sleep with him, wear his hoodie, and introduce him to your foster father.
And Castiel had a heart attack.
“Nine twenty-five.”
Cas still saw Dean as, well, Dean.
Castiel loved when it was on it’s own. It looked fluffy and soft to the touch.
He cut himself off with a sigh.“At first, it seemed like he was just grieving. I thought that he was getting better. Then he started drinking... trying to cope with the fact that you’re dead. He kept telling me that you would come back and save him, like all the times you had done before. But at least he had hope, right? But recently he just—he doesn’t care about anything. I haven’t seen him in a month now.”
The model spared a quick glance At the man next to him. “My family wasn’t in the best financial situation at the time.”
It was because of Dean. For some reason, the man’s mere presence in bed was enough for Castiel to pass out.
He shot her a (much deserved) glare.
Gabriel shrugged. “I’m on both sides.”
Dean’s eyes widened slightly.
At first Dean was in shock. He stood there, eyes blown wide.
Dean was first bewildered by the sound of the man’s voice. It was low and deep, rumbling like thunder. His voice was annoyingly flat, as if he was reading from a boring math textbook.
The bartender rose an eyebrow. “What’s with the pancakes? What’s the occasion?”
Dean eyes lit up. “Oh! Uh—while you were gone, I started working on something...”
Another thanks to Keeper_of_BEEES for beta reading!
He’s could almost feel the anger radiating off of himself. “But you didn't tell me. Not even when people began to.... gossip”
There Dean was, standing by a karaoke machine with a mic in his hand. Was.... was he singing Air Supply’s ‘All Out Of Love’?
Dean froze.
Despite not seeing it, Dean could tell there was a smile on the man’s face.
“What if that sonofabitch stabbed a vital part, or something?”
He held it in for as long as he could, biting the inside of his cheek and continuing to work. About twenty minutes later and Dean couldn’t handle it anymore.
Rowena had her hands on her hips, her face matching the same shade as her hair. She must of had a heated argument with their client.
The bartender rambled about how late they were going to be.
Yes, he was pathetic.
Castiel gave them all a tiny smile. “Thanks”
Dean entered the surprisingly busy shop, standing in the long line leading to the cashier. He scanned the room, finding the seat by the window empty.
The model hesitantly nodded. “Yes, although I am concerned about messing up...”
“Let me take you home. I’m not leaving until you let me”
He chocked. Did the lady think they were... dating? The model looked up to see Dean’s reaction. Were his cheeks red too?
“What did you do to piss them off?”
Gabriel paused mid-flirt, gasping. His next words came out as a harsh whisper.
His head snapped up. “Huh?”
“What was that?”
“Like hell I should be grateful!!!”
After a couple more moments of silence, Castiel spoke. “Dean, would you care to dance with me?”
Castiel groaned. “Fine”
He trudged up the steps and knocked on the door.
The bartender didn’t seem to notice, fiddling with his cuffs. “How do I look?”
Day Three: Payback
Dean strolled back into the living room, greeting the (very) distraught model. He wore a less revealing, albeit tighter, T-shirt, along with jeans. Castiel could see the strong muscles moving from underneath the shirt.
Castiel nodded. “Not a big deal though. The relationship ended before it really could begin, honestly. I was not ready for the commitment at my age—”
Dean smiled evilly, amused with his struggle.
Dean chuckled, continuing to move his fingers over the titles.
This chapter was really fun to write!
Dean felt a chill run up his spine. “Sioux falls, South Dakota. Bobby moved there a couple years back, and he doesn't have the money or time to get back here.”
He put a slice of lime in the drink and handed it to Castiel.
Castiel huffed. “I’m not letting you sleep on the couch. If it’s anyone, it’ll be me—
Okay, what the actual hell???
He was furious, upset, and embarrassed all at once. He was going to do the only thing that could help him forget about today.
After finishing the third episode, Castiel could feel himself falling asleep. His eyelids felt heavy, and his head kept tilting closer to the arm of the couch.
The man looked like he was about to refuse, but he slowly nodded. Castiel stood, bringing Dean up with him.
But Dean and Cas weren’t even dating! Although he would be willing to bet they are both head over heels, Sam didn’t even know how Cas felt about the hunter.
Dean extended his arm, holding out the coffee cup. Castiel took it, wrapping his hands around the cylindrical surface. He nodded in the blonde student’s direction. “So you’ve met Claire, I see.”
She gave him a reassuring grin, walking over to the TV and shutting it off. She grabbed her phone and found a ‘slow song’ play list.
The man nodded, a strange look on his face. “He usually does this time of year. October never settled well with him.”
Castiel’s eyes darted over to Dean.
Jo smiled. “Of course!”
“Cas?”
After about ten minutes, Dean began to relax.
The man nodded, appearing impossibly smaller. “Yeah.”
‘Castiel seems to be very close to this stranger! Could they be involved???’
Dean rose an eyebrow. “Why not?”
“No no no, Cassie. The weekly magazine has come out! You and Meg are currently trending!”
But the bartender denied himself the thought. No, he didn’t have time to think about some random guy.
Castiel subconsciously hummed in agreement. He brought the drink to his lips, the cold water soothing his throat.
For whatever reason, Dean wanted to be alone with Castiel. He didn't like the idea of sharing him with anyone else.
He grumbled, walking over to his new table, where his stuff had been—
“Yeah. He’s a fashion designer, and is supposed to be the host of Next Top Model—WAIT—
“I’m right here. You have me...”
Castiel groaned. “What’s the catch?”
The husbands switched places. Sam gestured to the seat across from him. “I would sit, Cas....”
Needless to say, Dean might have overreacted.
He stirred, clinging onto Castiel.
+++++++
There was a long moment of eerie quiet, and Dean felt his stomach churning. “..... Wait, are you really serious?”
Castiel froze, the silence between them unwanted.
Castiel almost chocked. “Who?”
Was this actually happening?
The model wore a floppy hat and sunglasses, in order to keep her identity a secret.
Dean groaned, lifting his hand massaging the base of his neck.
Dean spewed his drink, chocking on the coffee.
“What? Why?!?”
“You know, I thought I would be nervous or scared about getting hitched. I used to like the idea of running free, but then I met Sam. He taught me things I don't think I would have ever understood without him. I’m looking forward to spending the rest of my life arguing with him!”
It was so... real.
Castiel hummed, taking a sip of his honey mint tea. He sat there with tiny smile on his face.
He, somehow, managed to croak out a sentence. “We are about to go over some steps.”
Dean smiled, resting his elbows on the counter. “I should hope so! It’s a part of my job.”
He bit his lip, thinking back to this morning. He was not Dean’s first choice, but it was nice that he was invited as his plus one.
Dean frowned. “That doesn't make sense...”
Dean smiled into the phone. “Good. You know about Sam’s wedding?”
Only after a couple steps and he paused again.
Dean chuckled, ignoring his fluttering stomach. “I’ve been running into the same problem! I was thinking about getting Gabe a karaoke machine, but Sam would probably kill me.”
Peeking out from behind him was the moose. “I decided to wake Dean, here! He was out like a light when I checked up on him.”
The model then sank into the seat next to Dean.
“Yeah.”
Castiel had, somehow, managed to to keep his cool. He mingled with the remaining people, asking and answering questions.
Castiel sounded nervous. “Are you going to be okay flying?”
And the next day, Dean asked him to stay the week.
What if this became viral? What if Dean heard about it? What the actual FUCK?
So Dean went to work, putting in another eighteen hour shift. He trudged home, immediately dropping by Castiel’s apartment.
The moose could barely believe that he was married to this man. To this annoying, cocky, happy-go-lucky loser.
He left the cafe, getting into the Impala and speeding off. It wasn’t until he was working on a home that he realized he had called Castiel ‘Cas’. In only three days, Dean had given his rival a nickname.
Cas was worried. Ever since the incident at the bar, Dean had been constantly praying to him. It seemed that even in his sleep, the hunter was trying to get a hold of the angel. He could hear everything Dean said. Whether it was a particularly loud sigh or a scream, Cas heard it.
Dean was just some random nobody, working day in and day out with no breaks. Hell, he couldn't even appreciate what Cas looked like... be half be the man he deserved.
At first it was quiet. Castiel couldn’t feel, couldn’t see, couldn’t hear.
Sam clasped his brother on the back. “Do you like him?”
Dean thanked him, grabbing his coffee cup, towel, and pie. He then walked over to—
Nope, no way did Dean just think that.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I may not by his father, but I care more about him than you do”
Castiel sighed...
Rowena nodded in agreement. “Try the next one”
The peace was disturbed.
Sure, Dean would be the first to admit that the man was attractive. He had it all, from the pair of haunting blue eyes to the voice that rumbled like a storm when he spoke, the way that ass wouldn’t quit—
Dean smiles up at Castiel, and for a second Sam forgets that he’s wasted. He wondered in the back of his mind if Dean had thought about doing this before.
“I never wanted to hurt you. I just didn’t want to lose you”
Crowley dismissed the other two models for the last time. He then brought Castiel back to set.
Dean smiled. “See ya later, Bobby.”
“Okay. Sorry to ask this, but do you think burgers or tacos are better?”
Sam grumbled. “I’m trying to get Dean to take his... crush? I guess you could call him that... but Dean has been trying to avoid it...”
“To your direct left is the bathroom. On the right is my room.”
“My plane takes off in four days.”
That’s when he realized that his coffee cup was full.
“She wrote Frankenstein.”
Gabriel brought him his cup of coffee shortly after. He drank it, making sure to sip as obnoxiously as he could. Castiel grimaced when hearing Dean’s slurps.
He was only wearing black swimming trunks.
Cas was gone.
Dean scoffed, rolling his eyes as he spoke. “What’s your name?”
Dean frowned. How did she know his name?
“Isn’t everyone an ‘asshole’ at this point?”
“You got this, Dear. Don’t stress so much”
Castiel’s breath hitched, his eyes widening.
And Dean did NOT help. At all. He kept begging him to stay longer, his charming—er—stupid grin egging him on.
Not that Dean cared.... not at all. Definitely not
The bartender nodded. “I’ve never been in, for obvious reasons... can you lead me?”
“Oooohhhhhh! Was that the monster that was brought to life by some mad scientist???”
Castiel’s voice cracked slightly. “Uh—I’m looking for a movie or a series to watch on Netflix.”
The model spoke, his voice soft in his ear. “Are you feeling better? You stopped hyperventilating, but your heart is still beating rapidly.”
A million thoughts raced in his head. What was next? Did Cas actually like him back, or did he do all of this just to win? Would they ever see each other again?
On that day, the bartender, for the first time since his mom had died, put his complete trust in someone.
So far, Gabriel was able to keep the moose from brutally murdering his incompetent brother.
Cas couldn’t return to the contentment he had previously been at home in. The silence was off... wrong. Everything was too dark, too quiet. The Empty instantly became a prison, and he was trapped.
Before he could stop himself, it was too late.
Gabriel scowled at him, bottom lip sticking out. “I hate you.”
Castiel smiled, a scary glint in his eyes. “I’ll just have to get you back...”
Dean felt his stomach flip. Gabriel is serious...
They all turned to face him.
Nooooooo
The first ten minutes he was alone.
A feminine voice picked up. “Hiya, Dean!”
There was even a moment where Castiel started leaning in.
Holy Chuck, he was so screwed.
Before Castiel could respond, the man had wrapped his hand around his upper arm. He hitched a breath. The hand was worn and calloused, the warmth from it radiating into the model’s skin. The look on his face must have been priceless, because other pedestrians were grinning at him.
Loud music erupted from the building, and Dean could smell the strong aroma of alcohol and nicotine.
Dean grinned, a sense of accomplishment and pride lingering in his chest.
Once again, I want to thank everyone who has read, left kudos, and commented. You are all amazing! <3
“You didn't have to wait up for me, you know.”
The man groaned. He should wait... until seven at least.
Castiel brought him over to the middle of the left wall. “The bed is about a foot from you. Next to it is a nightstand with a lamp on it.”
His voice shook. “Dean... what’s in the box?”
“Heya, Cas.”
How the hell could Castiel do that???
The phone rang for a few times before Bobby picked up.
He woke to a slow start. Dean stayed with Cas until around three in the morning.
Castiel left his apartment, Rowena trailed behind.
Castiel’s whole body felt like it was on fire. “No. He just needed to take someone, and I was open.”
Castiel took a sip from his drink. “What is it like running a restaurant? It seems like a difficult job”
“Sorry, Cas. I tripped”
Was Dean thinking about him?
He felt something deep down in his chest. Like this was it.
“Yeah.”
“sonofabitch.”
Dean followed Castiel out the back door of the bar, the cold night air greeting them. They stood next to each other in silence, both processing what had happened.
The model sat there for an hour, telling Dean about his time gone. The bartender could feel the warm and tight feeling in his chest growing more intense. He loved listening to Castiel’s gravelly voice.
Castiel, once the door was closed, took a deep breath. He felt as if he was suffocating in Dean’s apartment. There was nothing but him and Dean, sitting across from each other. The attention had almost destroyed the model. But whenever he began to panic, Dean would shoot him a reassuring smile, or say something funny.
Where was he???
Just like this morning, Dean had a relaxed expression on his face.
Good luck at work!
Dean sighed, opening the car door. He got out of the Impala, reaching back inside to grab Cas’ coffee.
Dean bit his lip, a tear falling from his face. “We got work to do.”
Sam winked at Castiel before walking up to the back of the truck. The model was frozen in place, his brain failing to reboot.
Back at home, Castiel would be silent and closed off from everyone besides himself and Dean. Today was a completely different story. After getting used to Bobby, the model was open and willing to socialize. He would tell everyone how they met, him hiding behind the bar counter from a teenage mob. Whenever someone asked about their relationship towards each other, Cas would respond by saying they ‘share a profound bond’.
The moose rushed in, closing the door forcefully behind him. “Are you okay?”
Castiel chuckled softly. “Thanks.... but I’m not sure if I should accept.”
“He changed me.”
As they got closer to the gate, Dean’s grip on Castiel’s arm tightened. The model had indents pressed into his skin.
The man smiled. “You are the best model I’ve had in a while...”
“I already told ya idjit, Dean is fine—
That didn’t sound like something Dean would say. The brother he knew would probably throw a fit over having to go home and face Cas. Honestly, Sam would be willing to bet that Dean would rather go back to hell.
Dean felt his stomach lurch. “Should I go over and talk to him?”
“Just a landscape photographer. She likes combining people and sceneries.
Thank you so much to everyone who has been reading/commenting on the story!!! You all inspire me to keep writing this.
Castiel was still staring at Dean.
Castiel was definitely panicked now. He launched out of his seat, almost falling in his haste.
Castiel laughed nervously. “Uh huh.”
Castiel almost found it funny that Dean was more anxious then the married couple themselves. He wondered what Dean would act like If he were to be the actual groom—
Ellen looked over Castiel, a tiny smile on her face. “So, has anyone told you how Dean learned to bartend?”
The teen squealed, rushing over to hug him. Another thing about being a model? No one respected personal space.
There it was. That low, deep voice. “Dean”
“Tacos or burgers, Winchester?”
It was not long before Dean started talking to his angel.
He felt guilty for looking so long, but he couldn't fucking help it! It’s not Castiel’s fault that Dean is perfect!!!
Dean pushed the cafe door open, holding it for his trailing brother.
The man sighed. “Have you ever left the state, Dean?”
Dean shot up from the mattress, almost falling off the edge of the bed.
Meg rolled her eyes. “It was his choice, not mine!... He was pretty beat up by what you said.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel was... shocked.
Wait...
There was a long stretch of silence. The bartender gave the customer a awkward smile.
The model’s breath hitched, eyes widening in surprise.
The young man widened his expression, trying to make his fake grin look warmer.
His eye then caught a glimpse of light brown hair, and the model whipped his head around. A man was standing by the reception desk, talking to the man. He wore a tight black shirt, leaving almost nothing to the imagination. The man laughed, it echoing throughout the lobby
By the end of the (very VERY long day), the model had even learned how to swoop and turn his partner. Jo doubted he would use those moves, but it was still reassuring to have under his belt.
Dean nodded. “Comes with my job, I guess. Keeps things interesting”
The bartender closed the door. “Uh... so what can I do you for?”
Dean nodded, falling into pace next to her. The student hummed, looking up at him with a raised eyebrow. “Are you Dean, by any chance?”
A sly grin distorted Dean’s face, his eyebrow slightly raised.
Castiel rose an eyebrow. “I’m sitting here. How is that not winning?”
Dean gave him a lopsided grin.
The accused shrugged. He covered up his smile by drinking his coffee.
He needed to be strong.
The man gave him a half smile.“It’s been interesting. I’ve heard a lot of gossip recently”
Just like that and Dean’s free. He stands, taking the angel’s hands in his. “Cas.”
“Hello, Dean”
Kevin then shut down his PowerPoint. “So, you guys have also been asking a lot of questions. ‘What will happen to Castiel Novak?’ ‘Will he fade from the public eye?’ And the most frequent question ‘who the hell is that bartender?!?’ Well, I am happy to attempt an answer to all of these.”
“I was planning on telling you.”
Dean didn't notice that he was now hyperventilating. No, he was too focused on the fact that he was going to die.
Castiel sighed. “Thanks... I’ll see you later.”
He watched as Dean worked. It was crazy just how fast he had memorized the kitchen’s layout. He found all the needed materials within a five minute period.
He could feel Castiel’s muscles moving from beneath his shirt, and he wondered what would happen if he were to massage it.
He felt... good. This was the most rested he had felt in, well, forever.
Dean scowled. “I cant—
His spot was taken.
Dean was barely aware that he was in an airplane anymore. After an eternity of Dean going through a bisexual panic, he could feel himself getting tired.
“Is that why people consider you a playboy in the modeling industry? Because you are bad at committing to your lovers?”
So here he was, babysitting his brother as he got wasted with Charlie, who had dared him to a competitive game of beer pong. Oh right, and they were drinking Vodka, not beer...
He nodded, his throat dry. “What’s it about?”
Did he just say what he thought he did? Could it really be true???
After calming Dean down, they walked to the car and drove to the airport. Castiel could see his neighbor growing more anxious by the second. He drummed his fingers against the car door, biting his lip.
Bobby waved him off with his hand. “Ah— never mind. You two will figure it out... eventually.”
Meg sighed, wrapping her arm around her friend.
The model sighed. “Not exited.... nervous”
Castiel almost laughed. It was kind of obvious that Dean had tripped...
The bartender lifted his free hand, moving his fingers across the book spines.
Okay—and Castiel already wants to die.
Did he want that? Not really...
Rowena sighed. “You know what? Let’s go shopping. I can call Meg, and we’ll go find you a suit.”
“Sorry, Cassie, but you have another shoot in two hours. They need to prep you for it”
Quite a few believed that they were on a romantic retreat.
Why should he pull his brother out of his mess? Sam was always saving Dean from himself. It’s about time that he took care of himself!
The bartender’s groggy voice sounded foreign to him. “What time is it?”
“...A few bars?”
The plane dropped again, and Dean’s gripped his hand tightly. Castiel felt his face burning, but he lightly squeezed back. He plane dropped another few feet.
Castiel rubbed the back of his neck. “No, I don’t know ‘Linda’.”
Castiel rose an eyebrow, looking back down at the Walkman.
Dean took a deep breath, attempting to control his temper. He walked down his driveway, getting into his black Impala and turning over her engine.
Castiel finished fixing the bow tie. Only then did he realize how close they were.
A smile worked it’s way onto Castiel’s face. “Dean, this makes me really happy.”
“Yes, Dean.”
Silence filled the room, and it felt like time had froze. The model could feel the panic setting in, and he felt like running out of the room. A knot formed in the pit of his stomach, and he wanted to throw up. Castiel was not ready to come out... he had never shared his sexuality with, well... anyone except Meg. And she would never betray his trust.
Jack shook his head, head tilting slightly. Dean’s heart ached when he saw the puzzled expression on his face.
“So I have to go to a Sammy’s bachelor party. Are you going to be able to keep yourself occupied without me?”
“I love you too, Gabe.”
He spent the next thirty minutes reading the horror novel with Dean.
Apparently, Gabriel had strolled into the bar and demanded an interview. Sam refused him at first, kicking him out of the restaurant. After THREE MONTHS of coming in every morning and demanding an interview, Sam submitted to him.
“Shut up and make the coffee.”
Castiel stared out of the window in disbelief.
Dean sighed, rubbing a hand over his face.
Castiel flinched, hands shooting up defensively.
“You heard me! You want to make a good impression for Dean’s family, Dont you??? You’ll HAVE to make a good impression for his father and mother too!”
“Yeah... yeah.”
Dean just smirked, taking his drink from Gabriel’s hands and walking over to the table. He sat in his chair, coffee mug in one hand and phone in the other. Not ten minutes later and Cas walks in. He offers Dean a quick grimace before talking to Gabriel.
The bartender let a small smile creep onto his face. He then brought a calloused hand to his shoulder, resting it on top of Castiel’s.
Rowena nodded, and Castiel disappeared into the evening. He lingered downtown, moving from bar to bar. He drank until the bartender would hold his drinks, then he would move to the next place. He lost track of how much alcohol he had. Castiel began to see double, and his body would sway. But he wouldn’t stop, not for hell. Not until all of this disappeared.
Castiel bit back a whimper, wishing that he could drink a gallon of bleach. “Mmhmm.”
Dean grimaced. “Yeah, about that... I need a plus one. And I have no one to take me...”
The low rumble of his voice, like a storm, sending chills through Dean’s body. “What types of photos does your brother like?”
“Dean... mentioned Mary... to you???”
~The End~
“Sure, bother, Whatever you need!”
Castiel’s POV:
The only words he uttered was “oh....”
The hours rolled on, and Castiel found himself sitting on a bench.
“How about you?”
He chuckled. “I guess that makes two of us.”
It was obvious that the Empty was losing.
The two then departed, leaving Dean and Castiel alone.
“Okay. Do you want to learn how to lead? If you want to dance with Dean, you’ll have to do that.”
The model felt a tear escape from the corner of his eye, gliding down his face and falling onto his shirt collar. “I’ll miss you too.”
Dean smiled contently, a fuzzy and warm feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Are you an architect, Dean?”
They talked for a long time, and the rest of the world melt around them. Dean barely noticed, listening to Castiel attentively.
“Yeah, man, what’ll it be?”
The bartender flashed him one last grin before leaving the apartment, closing the door quietly behind him.
Dean shrugged. “Well, she earned about eighty bucks before the police showed up. Sam told me that he was scarred for life... Gabriel screamed when seeing her, running out of the bar. It was too much for them. Gabriel even offered me his eyes, saying that he would rather be blind than ever see her naked body again. Obviously, I refused. No way I’m going to scar myself with the image of a naked Karen running around my bar!”
His eyes widened. “You know who I am?”
The man next to Sam was shorter, also having long hair.
Fuck—what if Dean does something wrong? What if he messes up somehow and ruins everything? It was a miracle that Cas even accepted!
Castiel spoke softly. “Bobby told me.”
Gabriel grinned. “Good looking guy.”
He was about to be stuck on a plane, thousands of feet in the air.
He knew he was attracted to Cas. Hell, you would have to be insane to think he wasn’t stunning!
Huh.... weird.
How could he ever be happy again?
Why did Gabriel look so nervous?
Shiiiiiiittttttt.
Castiel’s voice was softer than Dean had ever heard it. “Good... now hold it.”
Castiel rummaged through the suitcase, finding his swimming trunks. He went into the bathroom and grabbed a towel.
After about a two-minute walk, Castiel found himself standing a few hundred feet from Dean.
Dean nodded. “Sure! I can make us drinks too, if you want.”
Castiel was silent for a moment, trying to process what the man had said. He tilted his head in confusion.
He didn't even get a chance to say anything. Dean didn’t get a chance to tell the angel that he loved him back.
Dean ordered his drink and shuffled over to an unoccupied table. He kept his eyes on Cas the entire time, sitting with his back to the wall.
The man lurched, surprised to see the bartender. “Dean! When.... when did you get here???”
So, of course, Dean scowls. “Let’s go.”
Castiel huffed, and his words slurred together. “I’m just tipsy, Dean, not stupid. I can get home just fine”
The bartender beamed, making Castiel’s face burn.
He had been clinging onto him for an hour? And the model was OKAY with that???
“I’m thinking about dancing with you.”
Castiel spluttered, and he glanced up at Dean. He looked just as surprised as Castiel felt.
Dean laughed now, but there was a sorrowful hint to it. “Why not just go home?”
“Woah... you are a magnificent baker!”
Castiel glanced over at him, eyebrows furrowed. “Dean, are you cold?”
Sam and Gabriel left the dance floor to watch.
The bartender gave him a nervous smile. “Heya, Cas. I just wanted to drop by and say hello”
He heard another fan girl scream behind him. About five people were pointing at him.
Castiel audibly gasps, jaw dropping. “You.... You love me?”
Dean’s voice broke, cracking with emotion. “Cas... when you left—You said that you loved me—And I couldn’t tell you....” His words died in the back of his throat.
“Okay... three, two, one—
Sam ran a hand down his face, mouth twisted into a scowl. “Portland, Oregon.”
Ughhhh
Castiel followed Crowley out if the room.
“How’s work?”
Castiel carried his duffle bag over to a taxi line. A young boy, maybe sixteen, was standing in the line ahead of him.
Castiel’s held his breath, waiting for what would happen next.
Rowena laughed, scrolling through her phone. “Can I show you? This one is pretty good!”
Maybe that was not the best idea after all...
“Pleaseeeeeeeeee???”
“Hey, Cas. Time check”
Whatever the man had said, he didn't hear it.
This wasn’t good... this could go viral. Then Castiel would be forcing Dean, who was unaware, into the public eye.
A woman was filming a video of a teenage boy and Castiel talking in the airport. There was, according to Gabriel, a tiny crowd surrounding them.
No response.
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t usually drink coffee, so I use tea as a substitute.”
Castiel smiled at the thought of Sam and Gabriel waking up in twenty years and arguing over who stole the blankets.
Sam’s continued, wiping hastily at his tears. “Then I heard it. Even through the loud music I could hear the bone cracking. Then nothing. I waited in the dark for what felt like forever. I went downstairs and found...... John was gone. He had gotten into the Impala and hightailed away from his mess. Dean was on the ground, unconscious and lying in a pool his own blood. There was so much....”
Was Dean really going to ask??? Did he really remember last night?
Castiel took another sip. “You are very good at making it”
Dean grinned, licking his lips. “Hell yeah! I’ve gone soft, Gabriel. I almost offered Cas my seat yesterday. I need to get my game back up or I’ll lose!”
Sam handed Dean a plate with a stack of pancakes. He walked back to the counter.
Dean soon discovered that Cas was telling the truth.
Dean felt a the sweltering heat return to his chest. “Me too. We should do this again sometime”
“The model was actually SPRINTING through the airport!!!”
He practically has a heart attack when the doorbell rings. Maybe if he jumped out of the back window and ran into the forest—
There was a knock on the door.
That sounded like a safe answer???
“Tea”
His eyebrows furrowed for a moment. Cas then smiled, looking far away. “I have a couple of wonderful students, and teaching them makes it all worth while, especially my niece, Claire. She is very fun to teach.”
Sam groaned, sparing a glance at his phone. After some tracking, he discovered that Dean had, unsurprisingly, fled to a bar a state over.
“I’m glad I’m here. I am very exited to meet the rest of your family.”
Castiel’s POV:
Why was he staring at Dean like that? He barely even knew the guy!
Dean found himself parked in front of the coffee shop. He got out of the Impala, running through the parking lot. Despite his best efforts, he is once again drenched by the rain. He stumbled into the shop, slamming the door behind him.
His eyes welled up, his heart pounding painfully against his ribcage.
What he was really thinking? ‘If I come in, there’s a eighty percent chance that I do something that I will regret’
But they still haven't talked about it.
Sam’s stomach churned. Who could Dean be talking about? He hadn’t been dating anyone to his knowledge. Hell, he hadn’t had a one night stand in over a year.
The experience was... chaotic, to say the least.
The boy bit his bottom lip. His eyes darted over Castiel’s body, not believing he was actually there.
“I GOT IT!!!!”
The hunter swayed slightly when looking down at his brother. “I’m glad. I need to head back to the bunker anyways.”
So he didn’t hesitate to rush forward. Next thing he knows, his head in nestled in the crook of Cas’ shoulder. He melted into the angel, eyes welling up.
Love.
Dean nodded slowly, processing his words. “What else?”
“Huh... okay. Castiel is said to be the ‘play boy’ of the modeling industry. Do you know if he is good in bed???”
“I... have no idea”
He, begrudgingly, stood. Dean kept his back to the wall, glaring down at his rival as he trudged across the room. He only broke eye contact with Castiel when he closed the door to the bathroom.
Dean shushed them, ignoring what they had said.“Shh, I’m trying to listen.”
Bobby huffed. “Then why don’t you make him a mixtape or something? Introduce him to music?”
“Hell yeah! His hair is always crazy messy, and I always wondered what it would be like to run my hand through—And God—his eyes!!! They are crazy blue.”
He sighed. “Ten?”
Sam just rolled his eyes. He took his coffee mug and fled the scene with a grin on his face.
Why did this realization hurt so much?
Okay, this guy SUCKS!!!!
So they got married.
Castiel tilted his head sideways. “‘Chill’? I am actually quite warm.”
Dean nodded, standing up and opening the door. “I’ll walk you to the taxi.”
Dean hadn’t thought about it, and he could barley focus on the question.
Dean needed more.
They were TRYING to get him killed!!!
Castiel took a sugar packet from his hand and threw it at Dean. It hit him in the forehead, causing a loud smack to echo through the room.
Castiel hummed. “Okay”
The only bad thing that happened last night was that they accidentally held hands.
Castiel walked over to the kitchen table.
He could never hold Cas again. Never get into a lame argument with him, never again crack a stupid joke that the angel would raise an eyebrow at.
He actually fell asleep that night, exhausted from work.
“Okay. Do you have any coffee or tea? Or chocolate?”
“It’s hard subject to learn, Cas. It took me a year to learn it. Wait until you start ‘grade two’ Braille. That was the real ass kicker!”
This was it.
“...It was about my mom.”
Dean sighed as he was pushed into the car. Sam and Gabriel argued the whole drive. Gabriel wanted to go to a bar called ‘The Tuesday’. Sam had a bad experience there once, and it had ruined every Tuesday for the rest of his life. He wanted to go to the ‘The spill’ instead.
Castiel may or may not have cried. Just a little.
This chapter was very fun to write! I hope you liked it. <3
Right now, it was just him and Dean.
“Now give me a playboy smirk.”
So they waited for around ten minutes, and Castiel trudged into the living room. His eyes were red, accompanied by dark circles. He hadn’t shaved, so his five a clock shadow grew. He wore an oversized shirt and sweatpants. Wrapped around his waist was a red flannel.
One question... HOW???
“Really? We were able to hear the music from inside our car!”
He wiggled his eyebrows, smirking suggestively at Cassie. “You could just ask him out, you know.”
Dean nodded, flashing him a crooked smile. “Yup”
Sam and Gabriel grinned evilly. Their job here was done.
Was Dean awake right now? Still working at the bar? Was he in his apartment? The room 412 was only a floor above him...
“I wouldn’t want to... intrude.”
The bartender shrugged. “I don’t know, can’t see it. Describe it?”
Gabriel led Sam to the dance floor, music playing softly in the background. Then Bobby danced with Gabriel, while Sam and Dean danced, then it switched. More people joined in.
Castiel fought back a yawn. “Good... you’re getting married in two days. Are you exited?”
“Of course Dean likes Castiel. They are husbands, after all!”
John smashed his beer bottle on the floor, driving a wimpier the the younger Winchester. Dean was glaring up at his father, his fists clenched.
After about an hour of endless banter, the husbands went back to work.
“Watch and learn!”
Sam hummed in acknowledgment before hanging up. Dean groaned, cursing his brother.
“You could get you a plane ticket for Thursday. And then you will be in New York for two weeks.”
Guilt still weighed heavily on Dean’s heart. The way Castiel’s voice shook when he yelled at him... he couldn’t get it out of his head.
He then winked.
The man smiled, jotting a few things down in his notebook. He began to ask Meg some more questions and Castiel sat in an uncomfortable silence. The model was often forgotten about in interviews.
Maybe they could sit down and talk it out. Dean could make Cas the tea that he really likes, and they could even go on a walk!
Sam had NEVER seen his brother like this. It was always Dean who pressured Sam to get in the dating field. Now that he thought about it, he had never played the romantic field himself.
Was Castiel not here yet?
Dean held up a hand. “Just let me take care of it.”
The bartender offered her a charming grin, pointing finger guns at her. “Guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
Dean sighed, his own face a light tint of pink. “Look, Cas. Why don’t you bunk with me? You are my plus one after all.”
Dean’s stomach churned violently. How was he here???
“It’s just that.... there is so much more to you than what you look like, Cas. I should know! And the fact that people just see you as....”
“Ask me about it in the morning. What time is it?”
The angel smiled, his eyes twinkling. “Dean.”
Dean got up and moved to his room. He started looking through drawers, grabbing a pair of scissors and tape.
Cas would be sitting there contently, grading his students’ essays. He bit his bottom lip in concentration, eyes darting across the words on a page.
Dean moved his computer away before it could be crushed by Castiel’s book bag. “Hey, what are you doing?!?”
But now Dean could never see again... and it was his own father’s fault.
Shit!
“People want to know more about your romantic life, Cassie. They want to know whether you are seeing anyone.”
“You hungry yet? I’m starving!”
With every new discovery, his desire to know Dean inside and out became unbearably intense.
“Dean?”
Cas was siting a couple rows behind him, but it felt like they were a thousand miles apart.
The angel stands there, completely still. It looked like his mind was racing a billion miles per hour. Sam digs his fingernails into his palms in anticipation.
The model responded by bringing his hand to the back of Dean’s hair. He used his other hand to massage his back.
Ohhhhh
Cas was always going to be there for him.
Castiel left, and Dean did his best to ignore the fluttering in his stomach.
Sam rolled his eyes. Castiel agreed to help, getting down from his stool and following him out the back door.
Sam sighed. “Dean couldn’t live here anymore... He moved out months ago, and I haven’t seen him since. He calls sometimes, but not for long.”
The man held his hand, and Castiel shook it. The bartender’s hand was calloused and firm, very unlike his own.
Dean chocked on his drink. “Huh?”
He stood the doorway, mouth hanging open. “How did you....?”
Gabriel looked back up at the model, throwing a hand in his direction.
“That’s pretty cool.”
The model’s voice rumbled, reminding Dean of thunder. “You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
So the bartender wrapped his arm around Castiel’s waist, stabilizing him. Dean could smell the faint aroma of... is that honey???
The shorter man immediately countered. “It’s my fault, Dean. I forgot that the wood was raised a bit over there... I’m sorry”
Dean sighed, contemplating whether he should hang up. “What do you want?”
The model rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “I didn’t...”
Sam frowned. “Oh?”
He called the airlines, making a last ditch effort to go home early. Rowena, begrudgingly, approved of him going back sooner.
But today? Nu-uh, no way was that loser getting his spot. Dean walked over, balancing his coffee cup, towel, and pie plate in his drenched arms. “Hey, Chuckles, get outta my seat.”
Everyone but Castiel and Dean followed suit, standing up and filing out of the room. Gabriel was the last one to leave, shooting Castiel a wink and grin before closing the door behind him.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but Castiel spoke over him. “And, yes, of course I’m upset! What John did was sick. There are more than a few interesting words that I would use to describe him. But that doesn’t mean I’m going to let that define you. You are your own person, Dean, and I won’t have it any other way.”
Castiel sighed, taking another sip of water. “He is the host of a show called ‘Next Top Model’.”
The only thing at this point keeping the angel sane was the sound of Dean’s voice. The near-silence in between prayers drove him crazy. The more time that passed, the more restless he became.
“And you are the.... you’re the best thing that has ever happened to me. I would lose my sight a hundred times if that meant meeting you once.”
“The last thing you are is broken.”
Fucking. Winked.
He drifted off almost immediately, sleep taking over in a merciless swoop.
Castiel pulled himself away in a daze, eyes darting everywhere but at Dean.
Fuck.
The man tensed for a moment. Then his shoulders slumped again. “Heya, Cas.”
Dean rested him arm on Castiel’s shoulders, causing chills to run up his spine. Any other day and the model would have been confused, if not a little suspicious, of Dean’s intentions.
Dean’s POV
Dean grinned, looking back at Castiel.
Dean’s fists clenched, a bitter taste in his mouth. “No wonder you are having a bad day. Are there any positives to teaching?”
Challenge accepted! Dean slurped louder than before, ignoring that the hot coffee burned his tongue.
For what felt like an eternity, he waited.
Dean stayed glued in his seat. Castiel groaned. “Just go”
Cas rolled his eyes, pointing at Dean’s work. “You have blueprints. Are you an architect?”
The chef laughed nervously. “And why’s that?”
Just when Dean had accepted that he was crushing on him.
“Are you stupid?”
The model tried to put together the discoveries he had made:
So the two men maintained eye contact, mouths twisted into scowls. Dean had no idea how long they did this.
“Hey, man.”
He flirted with Dean!
Castiel rolled his eyes, a smirk toying with his lips.
The bartender groaned. “Fuck, we don’t have any time to get ready!!!”
Castiel felt his heart skip a beat. “Sure.”
Castiel felt his cheeks burning, touched by Dean’s concern. “It’s not that bothersome to me, Dean, I actually—
He could smell the faint aroma of toothpaste and the hotel’s shampoo.
“Hey, what can I get you?”
He pressed the keys into the bartender’s hands. “You can give those back to me when I return.”
The model scoffed, brushing past Dean and into the room. “Shouldn’t you?”
Castiel stifled a yawn. “You got back at two.”
So he drove, only stopping to refill the car. At one point, one of the tires blew out when hitting a nail. He settled on hot-wiring the closest car he could lay his hands on.
He now had on a white, button down dress shirt, with a blue tie. The open blazer and slacks were black.
Dean was facing away from the mirror, only wearing a pair of boxers. Castiel’s eyes followed the indentations of his back. He watched as Dean rolled his shoulders, showing off muscles he didn't know existed. Castiel could even spot some freckles on his upper body, which faded by his mid back.
They had a mundane conversation about the restaurant for about an hour. The door opened, and a hungover Sam and Gabriel came in.
Cas nodded. “Most of them did very well. What have you been doing over the past couple of hours?”
Castiel felt a twinge of disappointment, but he was grateful to see a friend.
Castiel cleared his throat, shuffling nervously over to her.
I hope that you liked the story! I’ll be back in a bit with more! <3
The plane hit the ground, speeding forwards. Dean yelped, his grip on Castiel’s hand tightening. The model had lost all feeling in it by now.
“I have been in a couple relationships, but it never really clicked... But I think I have grown quite fond of someone.”
It was nice to see how happy the newly married couple was. Seeing them together gave Castiel hope.
Well, it was too late to back out now.
Gabriel laughed at the model’s reaction, his eyes crinkling at the corners. “They’re not dating... yet.”
“Any particular reason?”
And Dean couldn't blame him either.
“If we’re ready within the next fifteen minutes, we should be fine...”
Sam’s POV: (right before the slow dance)
Dean spent almost all his time with Cas now. He wasn’t nervous about telling him the truth anymore, or accidentally slipping up.
Castiel sighed, running a hand through his hair. “I wish that I was.”
The bartender woke up to a slow start. He barely got any sleep last night.
Castiel looked up at the clock. “Two”
When he made it to the front of the line, Dean asked Gabriel.
Sitting next to him was Jo, who was rambling about a stupid show called ‘Ghostfacers’ or whatever. Sam and Gabriel were further up front with Benny and Ellen.
“I would love the company! Are you okay with waiting for me to get ready?”
Dean struggles in his drunk haze to stand, reluctantly nodding. Although the excited smile on his face had slipped away, a hopeful look glinted in his eyes. “Okay... I can wait one more night. But then you’ll gimme an answer?”
It takes about a minute for it all to sink in.
Sam’s gaze fell to the floor. “He never got over what happened... he loves you.” He pulled out his phone and scrolling through his contacts. He then presses the device to his ear. After a few moments, Sam speaks.
“Yes.”
Claire continued, eyebrows raised. “He thinks you’re smart! Oh, and although he won’t admit it, he thinks you’re handsome—
“Dean, are you... wearing Cas’ jacket?”
“How do you deal with bad customers?”
“Uh... not usually?”
When giving him the water, Dean’s hand had brushed against Castiel’s. The contact shot up his arm like a bolt of lightning.
But most of his dreams revolved around his father, John. All the nights Dean had to sober up his father, all the wasted days that Dean would spend trying to impress him. John had become unstable after their mother’s death, and Dean was forced to deal with the after math.
Castiel’s POV:
“Liar! You have a fat crush on him!!!!!”
Dean’s POV:
Castiel rubbed the back of his neck, biting his lip. “Dean told me that you have to dance at weddings, and I have no idea what to do. You HAVE to teach me!!!”
The model was sitting in a bar with Crowley, Rowena, and a couple other rising models, Balthazar and Anna. They were all discussing the shoot they would be doing over the next week.
The man felt another pang of hunger. Would it kill anyone to bring him a fucking sandwich?!?
“Heya, Bobby. I was hoping we could talk for a bit?”
The kiss was slow and passionate. It was everything Castiel could have wanted.
“Oh my god, Karen! You won’t believe this, but the town’s star model is back!”
Rowena put a hand on his shoulder. “Cassie?”
Dean smiled. “You’re a genius, you know that?”
Wait—why was he thinking about Cas???
“Finally!!!”
“Okay. There is a menu to your direct left, on the wall.”
Lucifer signaled the woman to change their background to a set of multiple blurry pictures.
And even stranger, Dean wasn't even aware that he was praying to Cas.
“It’s a scary and self deprecating... and an unstable line of work. There are perks, but I don't particularly enjoy the job itself.”
He had a missed call from Lucifer Morningstar.
Sam and Gabriel sighed. “I guess”
It was just Sam, Dean, and Cas, two humans and an angel losing his mojo against an entire coven of witches. After a couple minutes of flailing, the group realized that they were outnumbered.
The man grumbled, taking another sip of his beer. She sat down next to Castiel.
Then how did he get the ring? When?
The freckles, the shamrock green eyes, the tan completion, the lopsided smile.
Castiel noticed too. “What do you need Dean?”
Castiel led the man to the left of his front door, where Dean’s table would have been.
He barely believe that he was going to a wedding as Dean’s plus one.
Castiel sighed. “... The show was something that I had taken great interest in in the past...”
Gabriel walked back behind the counter, grabbing an empty coffee cup. He began to make Castiel’s drink.
Dean’s eyes widened. Castiel was offering him his jacket???
But it seemed to have escalated a million times, the warmth spreading throughout his entire body.
Cas breaks the silence. “May I take you on another date, Dean?”
Dean couldn’t help but notice how nervous Castiel sounded. He seemed not to like talking about work... at all. Dean knew that he should change the subject.
Dean’s head turned in his direction, his eyes glinting with excitement. “I’m sure you’ll love it! Wedding food is SO GOOD!”
Sam continued. “I’m sure Bobby would be okay with it if Castiel were to—
Castiel laughed. “Oh... uh—yeah, I really like honey. Bees are amazing creatures... and very misunderstood.”
Castiel let out a nervous exhale. He would have to get into bed sometime....
The model wanted to crawl into a hole and die. This was definitely the worst decision he had made in his life.
He sat back down on the bed. “Okay.... alright. Here goes nothing.”
Thank Chuck for the thin walls, or he wouldn’t have heard the reply. “Castiel”
Jack’s gone before the hunter can finish his sentence, leaving him to wallow in his realization.
Dean scoffed. “But the pie—
The bartender nodded. “That would be great! My room number is 412, for whenever you want to drop by”
“Sush, Cas is still sleeping. What time is it?”
They barely even know each other!
Castiel flinched, sending his bowl of popcorn in the air. He, somehow, managed to catch it before making a complete mess.
Dean nodded, walking into the room and sitting down on the couch. Castiel watched as Dean ran his fingers through his dirty blonde hair. The model wondered whether it was soft...
He weaved through the tables and chairs. Dean had memorized the restaurant inside and out. This place, along with his apartment, were the only things that he had control in. He could walk blindly without worrying about anything hurting him... again.
Sam locked eyes with Castiel. They came to the same realization.
The bartender scoffed bitterly, ignoring Castiel’s question. “Why? Why didn't you tell me?”
He calmed himself, standing up and walking over to Dean.
Gabriel had a huge grin on his face, his eyes wide.
Just. Friends.
“Are you okay?”
“Stop making a big deal out of this—”
“I have been in a couple relationships, but it never really clicked. But...”
“Awful. I really hate my line of work sometimes...”
“Dean... I think I need assistance in walking again”
Castiel suddenly felt cold all of a sudden.
All of Dean’s files had been ordered, stacked into three neat pileS. Castiel organized it all into different sections.
It broke Castiel’s heart when Dean told him about Mary. The more Cas thought about the bartender, the stronger his urge to hug and console him was.
“Heya, Cas.”
Dean shakes his head at the thought, biting his lip as he walks over to the door. He opens it, eyes meeting blue.
The man had stopped by three times since since his hangover. The man spent a couple hours with him on those days. He would make him honey mint tea, and they would talk. With every conversation, Castiel felt a stronger pull towards Dean. It had become overwhelming at this point, and he could barely contain himself.
Dean might have lost the Coffee War, and he couldn’t have been happier.
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean. He had a nostalgic look on his face. Happy, almost.
He stood, walking across the cafe and opening the restroom door—
“Ughhhhh”
“Okay, I want you to face the camera at a three fourth’s view, okay? Give me a slow head nod.”
“Crazy, I know. But I only worry about you on hunts ‘cus I love you.”
“Dean... I promise that I won’t drink that much again. I’m sorry if I worried you”
“Where’s Cas?”
About thirty seconds later and the door opens. The sweet aroma of something baking hit Dean. Heat radiated in the apartment.
“Can you cancel with Dean???”
What if the model moved on? What if he finds a lover and settles down... get married?
Jo nodded, a mischievous glint in her eyes. “How’d you meet Dean?”
Dean almost felt bad for Cas. He had passed out from exhaustion, if the dark circles underneath his eyes meant anything. And hell, did he look adorable when he was sleeping like that—
“I... it was, when I first started out. I think so...”
“So?”
Any other day and Dean wouldn’t have cared. Perhaps he would have been happy to give up his spot for someone else!
“Seriously? So you’re saying that you took advantage of my sight then???”
For the first time in his entire life, Dean had willingly spoken about his mother.
“Is he bothering you, Cas?”
He sighed, eyes scanning the forest around him. It was beautiful, quiet, scenic...
Castiel felt as if he had been thrown in an ocean of ice water. “I.... how did you find out?”
Castiel chuckled, also sliding underneath the covers.
He fixed his adorable—er—messy bed head, running his fingers through his hair with a gel of some type. He got out his own toothbrush and toothpaste, brushing his teeth vigorously.
Dean hand raised to his neck, a charming—er—annoying grin forming across his features. “I would love the company! Are you okay with waiting for me to get ready?”
Dean seemed to lean into the touch, his smile widening.
“Now let it out.”
The morning passed by quickly, and Dean and Castiel spent their afternoon roaming around town.
Then Dean was angry. “No, it’s my seat! I sit here EVERY DAY!”
Sam cheered. “Haha! So burgers ARE better than tacos!!!”
Sam is in the kitchen the next morning, making a pot of coffee. If last night wasn't shitty enough, he couldn’t get himself to fall asleep. He was too busy worrying about this morning. Would Dean remember what had happened? Would he have the balls to propose to Castiel again? What would Cas’ reaction be this time?
The sound of the shower starting woke Dean. He flailed around for a moment, stretching and sitting up.
Dean was silent for what felt like an eternity. “How about modeling itself, when there’s no drama involved? Do you like it?”
The Empty pinched the bridge of it’s nose, obviously unhappy with being awake. “That’s why you keep waking up. You simply won’t give him up. I hate love.”
OhChuckohChuckohChuckohChuck
Meg hugged him. “I know, unicorn. I promise that it’ll get better.”
“Fuck.... woah, okay.”
The sound of music and chatter were faint. Dean could only hear the blood rushing in his ears.
Castiel grimaced. “I will drop by Dean’s apartment tomorrow morning.”
“Do people gossip a lot here?”
“Of course! I should have a box of Polaroid photographs. I can go get it—”
Would he ever get to?
The man looked exhausted. His hair had not been styled today, ruffled the way Castiel loved so much. He only wore a thin T shirt and jeans. His eyes were bloodshot, more than they had been over the past couple couple of weeks. His mouth was twisted into a frown, and in his hands was a white cane
Castiel broke eye contact. “I know that we are in the middle of a war, but... can I talk with you for a few minutes? I had a bad morning and I was hoping that I could rant to you about it.”
“Are you really okay with that? The long nights? The annoying customers? AND having to wake up early every morning to do modeling too???”
Gabriel, who was reading a magazine in the corner, whooped. “Awe! You still haven’t apologized? You are a total freak!”
Everyone was obnoxious and drunk, as usual.
He shouted, heartbeat rapid in his chest. “Dean??? Sam???”
Oh, damn. This couldn’t end well.
“Hey—hrmmmph!”
“Yeah.”
He pointed a finger accusingly in his direction. “If I die, it’s your fault!”
The remaining of brunch was slow. The meeting stretched on until late afternoon. Sam and Gabriel, Charlie and Gilda, joined Dean and the model for dinner. They stopped at a burger place on the way back to the hotel.
Sam stepped out of the bar, dialing Benny’s number into his phone.
Dean could not help but feel a little hurt by Castiel’s callous words.
Cas’ words sounded forced. “Nothing....”
Sam laughed bitterly. “But I HAD to fucking ask for that stupid book! I was seven when it happened. I asked for the book and John screamed at me. Dean walked down the stairs calmly and told me to go to my room. I did what I was told, raising the volume of my radio. But nothing could mute the sounds that I could hear echoing from downstairs. I was scared.”
He walked over and offered it Castiel. “Are you okay?”
Dean groaned. “Cas! You up?”
Gabriel had called Dean last night, just to tell him about Castiel and his barbaric forms of revenge. He went into vivid detail about all the things that Cas had done in retaliation to pranks.
What the hell was going on???
Dean gave his hand one last squeeze. Castiel then climbed into the taxi, arms wrapped around himself.
He had to say goodbye to Dean.
For example, Gabriel had once drew on Cas’ face while he was sleeping. The younger brother reacted by leaving a snake in his bed.
He needed a distraction.
No, he must be imagining it.
Gabriel smiled. “JINX!!! YOU OWE ME A SODA!”
Cas’ stomach churned. He tried to cry out, tried to tell Dean that he was listening. Just like the thousands of other times, Dean didn’t react. He could do nothing but listen.
The model wolfed the burger down, then ate a couple fries. he had another sip of his beer.
Dean was hurt.
The bartender walked over to a shelf, pulling down a mug. He filled it with beer and placed it on the counter by Castiel.
“Hey, Cas...”
Dean slowly rose from the floor, swaying in his exhaustion.
“Well, it’s nice to meet you”
“He sounds intelligent.”
He was to busy with the prospect of him DANCING with CAS.
“Oh my Chuck, YOU ARE!!!!!”
To be happy.
“Because I care about you, you asshole!!! I care because I have no idea what I would do without you—If I lost you....
Castiel stood, stretching. “Not really.
The model rose an eyebrow, tilting his head to the side. “For what?”
Dean frowned. “Why not?”
The fact didn't stop the questions from churning around in his head.
Lucifer sighed. “I get that. So... who was your first lover?”
“She was...”
“No problem.”
But it wasn’t. It was missing something.
Oh crap... Sam knew that Dean couldn’t sing before, but he really sucked. It didn’t help that Dean was drunk. His speech was slurred, his words harshly clashing together.
Dean nodded. “Alright...”
So Cas... told his class about him?
Rowena THEN shut her phone off, a teasing smile on her face. She chuckled to herself.
He grinned boyishly, rubbing the back of his neck. “Heya, Bobby!”
Castiel began to fix the poorly tied bow. “I think you are even more nervous than Sam. He’s the one getting married, Dean, not you.”
Dean didn't know how long he stood there. Their hands were still intertwined, as if they had always been like that.
“People think that.... I don’t know how to put this lightly. People believe that you two are dating!”
The man sighed.
Dean’s POV:
Nope, no way was Sam going to let this happen. No chance in hell.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Could it be Cas?
He was aware of every movement Dean made, whether it was His breathing or his arm shifting slightly.
“For what?”
“You want me to bring a plus one to the wedding???”
He looked at the clock hidden behind the camera. Five minutes left. He can do this.... right?
The ceremony went by very faster than he had expected. Gabriel’s brother, Loki, gave his speech, followed by Dean.
“Cas, Dean is really drunk and most likely going to say something stupid—
The model couldn’t help himself from grinning.
Ever since they had met, Dean had never willingly taken a day off. He was always either in the apartment or at work.
The bartender felt as if he was drowning. His entire body felt frozen and on fire at the same time. Breathing had suddenly become a burden, every inhale equivalent to swallowing knives.
No. This had to be a dream...
“It’s not my fault that your brother’s a thief, Gabe.”
“You’re stupid”
“I wouldn’t be doing it for any money, Dean. I don’t want you to pay me.”
Dean stubbed his foot on the corner of the bed in his haste.
But something stopped him today.
“Castiel—
“Eight”
Castiel let out a relieved sigh, Grabbing the remote with his free hand.
Hey, everyone! The next chapter will move forward in plot, and I’m super exited to share it with you!
Dean chuckled. “It’s a small world, I guess”
Shit.
Castiel frowned. Dean seemed like he had been really affected by this too... he said that he used to know an alcoholic. Maybe that’s what has him so worried.
Dean’s mouth hung open. “Are you... crying?”
The bartender opened his mouth to say something, but the plane shook. He shut his eyes tightly, gripping the seat in front of him.
The moose nodded. “Can you cancel with Dean?”
Sure, Sam and Gabe are going to fight... A lot. But they love each other more than anything in the entire world.
The bartender groaned. He wanted to punch Sam into oblivion.
Dean took a deep breath, facing in the model’s direction. “Cas?”
The model rested a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Sureeeeeee.”
Sam covered his face, forcing the words from his throat. “Apparently he was lying there for an hour. I ran to the neighbors, who called an ambulance.”
“Do you want to watch it with me?”
“Huh... I once got lost in George Washington’s house. I was eight”
Castiel was sitting on his couch, looking for something to watch on Netflix.
Rowena smiled, clasping the model on the back. “Good. It’ll be good to get out of town... Get away from all the drama”
That would be a perfect place to spend his day!
Right?
What if he stopped by Castiel’s apartment? Just a short visit... yeah, it should be fine.
The bartender ignored Castiel’s plea for peace. He directed his attention to the other man, resisting the urge to punch him.
“Heya, Sammy! How was the flight?”
“Dude, you were looking at him like a love sick teenager! Like—I knew you were a sap—but really? It was like I was watching a cheesy romcom! I think I’m scarred for life...”
Dean, the most badass and chill guy he had ever met—
“A model, huh? What’s he like?”
Well, he was screwed.
Castiel walked over to him, his footsteps quiet against the tiled floor.
Dean whistled. “work seems to be keeping you really busy”
“Mary was kind. She was a terrible cook, but knew how to make the best Mac and cheese. She was really smart too, from what I can remember. Sammy definitely got his brains from her. She liked gardening and took a lot of boxing classes. She was never able to stay still too long, always wanting to go on hikes and road trips. I Guess I got that from her.”
“... What?”
Dean tuned out their conversation, playing an enticing game of Candy Crush on his phone. Three minutes later and Cas shuffled up to him. He shifted his weight when he spoke.
The girl went a flush of red, and she smiled brightly at him. “Woah, you’re really good looking! Wait—was that weird to say? It probably was—”
Castiel needed to see him.
The truth? ‘You’
“Are you okay? I know flying scares you...”
“You know what? That’s it—Come on!”
Dean held a finger up, reaching into his jacket pocket and fumbling with something inside. He clumsily pulls out a velvet box, almost dropping it on the floor in his haste.
Dean Glared back in his rival’s direction. Cas was reading something on his laptop, biting his bottom lip in concentration.
Charlie nodded. “It’s all too much! I can’t handle the stress anymore. Talking about how hopeless you are is making me miss Gilda!”
Lucifer nodded. “So, how’d you get into modeling in the first place?”
Castiel’s cheeks were on fire, and his ribcage pounded.
Dean felt as if his entire body was on fire. “Yeah, that would be great! Uh— can I drop by your place at five?”
“Uhh— I like both... but if I had to choose, it would be burgers”
Dean was led out of the kitchen.
Dean nodded.
Dean nodded, gripping the steering wheel. “Uh—yeah, he’s a nice guy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel hummed.
Dean found himself admitting something that not even he knew Before.
“I—great! Okay. When do you want to start?”
The dream transitioned, and Dean was pacing in Castiel’s apartment.
He grumbled, turning around and sitting on the other side of the cafe. He didn't know if he should be angry or dumbfounded. That attractive jerk STOLE his spot!!! And his heart. Maybe.
His voice was low. “I was wondering... where is the wedding?”
He dove face down onto the bed, grumbling profanities into his pillow.
Jack frowned, eyebrows furrowing. “I think Dean’s trying to tell you that he loves you back.”
Gabriel parked the car. Sam followed his fiancé, walking to the back of the Impala and popping the trunk. They began to argue over who should carry the bags.
“Why the fuck is he sitting by a window???”
Castiel groaned, rubbing his eyes tiredly. “Whyyyyy?”
Castiel continued listening, staring up at Dean in admiration. The freckles splattered across his nose and cheeks had gotten darker over the long summer. Castiel wished that he had the time to count them all.
Castiel’s face burned, stumbling out of the door. Dean followed.
“Heya, sunshine.”
Dean grumbled. “Cas, my neighbor, is a popular model. He didn't tell me, and I found out about his job in the wrong way. I yelled at him and now he’s gone.”
John was furious at his son, bitch slapping him across his face. Dean backed up in surprise. The drunk rushed towards him, grabbing his son by his shirt collar. He punched his Dean’s face ruthlessly, taking all his anger and grief out on the preteen.
Castiel studied Dean’s face. His tired eyes were a vibrant green, and his plump lips parted slightly. His strong jaw was covered in stubble. His hair was tousled, sticking up in a few areas. It was adorable. Castiel fought the urge to smash his mouth into Dean’s.
Dean slipped into the hot tub, one of his arms draped around the model.
Jack was standing a few feet away from the porch, a tiny smile on his face.
Not having to do with the story, what is the weather like right now for ya’ll? I know it’s a weird question! My place is always really sunny, and we’re getting clouds for the first time in what feels like an eternity! Hopefully it rains. :)
Kevin’s massive grin seemed to have widened. His eyebrows wiggled when he spoke, his tone suggestive. “This was the first photo taken. It appears that the model was having difficulty saying goodbye to his neighbor.”
He was surprised that he had been able to keep the bar running this long. Most people would have gone insane by now!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah”
“I have heard rumors that your lovers are male...”
Castiel sighed, taking another sip of his drink. There was no way to stress how incredible the tea was. Castiel felt his cheeks burning, and another chill sent his body shaking. Castiel groaned, setting the cup down. He needed to get his emotions under control, before he did something that he might regret...
Eventually, Balthazar was emotionally stable. Crowley looked over at Anna.
His shock quickly gave way to anger.
The model turned back to face Dean, who had a tiny smile on his face. Castiel fished his apartment keys out from his pocket.
Castiel’s eyes widened. “I said STOP! Do you know what the word ‘stop’ means?”
Almost immediatley he gets a response. The voice, like the last time he heard it, was accompanied by an inhuman accent. “Well obviously you are, you idiot.”
Dean held his breath, waiting for what Castiel would say.
A boyish smile formed involuntary over his lips. “Cas?”
Sam pushes the thought to the back of his head, looking back at the road.
And eventually, he would get himself killed.
Dean smiled, a lopsided grin on his face. “Uh—okay, g-great! Awesome”
Most likely not. He wanted to stop thinking about what would happen back home. No more waking up next to Dean, no more long car rides or sleepy conversations.
Dating....
That was a new one. The angel didn’t know if he was more relieved or concerned to hear from another person.
He waited outside for a few minutes before the door opened. Gabriel looked up at him with a sly smile. There was a strange tone in his voice, as if he was amused. “Hey, Dean. You’re early!”
After about an hour and a half, Charlie and Gilda headed back to their room. Ellen then came down, turning on the hot tub. Castiel, Gabriel, and Jo got out of the pool and joined her.
Dean mixed the delicious concoction he had created, popping the coffee cup lid back on. He set the drink back down on the table, shaking his head as he handed the hot sauce bottle back to Gabriel. He crept back to his seat and grabbed his things.
“I have NO idea.”
Castiel plopped onto the couch, hugging his knees. “I’m listening.”
Dean smiled to himself. “Can I pay for his coffee?”
Meg grimaced, sinking into the couch cushions.
That’s when Castiel realized that Dean was mourning for him. He was lost.
It was getting increasingly difficult for him to stay professional. Castiel had to keep stopping himself from slipping his hand into Dean’s, or from moving his thumb against the man’s bottom lip.
Rowena’s lips curved into a smile, her eyes shining brightly at him. “Then what are you waiting for?”
“I caught it.”
He looked back at Castiel a couple times as he left the cafe, a sense of longing lingering in his chest. He barely got to talk to him today!
“Here for food or a drink?”
Dean grumbled. “Two out of three? I’m not letting you sleep on the couch”
Another slide. “This one is actually a video. Let’s watch it!”
“Yeah... it’s been interesting”
Castiel let out a wail as if he was being tortured. Chuck, maybe he was
The man smiled, bringing his hand to Castiel’s shoulder. “Can you lead me? I don’t really want to get my support stick all muddy..”
He couldn’t sleep because his idiot-of-a-brother had to hightail it to some random bar an hour away from the Bunker. Sam had to hot wire a car just to get on the road!
WARNING!!!:
Dean was terrified (and maybe even excited) to find out.
After about a minute, he knocks again. Dean was home, he had to be. Then he hears footfalls from the other side of the door. It swings open.
Not to his surprise, there had been a couple photos taken of him and Dean walking around the town. Many people were theorizing what they could be doing together in a different state.
Castiel shuffled into the building ten minutes later, shooting a sour expression in Dean’s direction.
Gabriel groaned. “Fine. Let’s just go to ‘the Leviathan’ instead. I heard it gets pretty wild in there”
“I—don’t know how I’ll be able to juggle waiting, bartending, and running the restaurant while their gone. I’m afraid we might have to close until they are back...”
“Wait! You live here too?”
“Never apologize to me about this, Dean. You did something that terrifies you, which is really brave.”
He was awake.
Dean himself looked mortified. He took a step back, jaw clenched.
Dean’s eyes widened with realization.
The bartender rolled his eyes, trying to hide his anxiety. “Is this a big goal of yours—participating in the competition?”
Meg nodded. “The sooner the better.”
The Empty was scowling at him, eyes glinting. “Why are you awake THIS time?!?”
Dean grimaced, ignoring the butterflies in his stomach.
The Empty came for Cas.
Dean laughed, clearly surprised with Castiel’s decision. “Really? That sounds great!”
The bartender grabbed a ring of keys, brushing past him and opening the door. He held it open for his neighbor.
The redhead nodded. “Well, tell him to stop being a wuss. I think I found the modeling offer of a lifetime!”
Castiel tuned them out when he heard his phone blowing up. What sounded like hundreds of notifications went off on his phone. Rowena gave Lucifer a scowl before grabbing Castiel’s hand. She stormed out of the building, dragging the model with her. They climbed back into the car, and Castiel stared out of the window. He felt like he was underwater, unable to hear anything.
Dean’s heart was racing, and he bit his bottom lip.
The model’s hand flinched away as he heard a tiny mumble from Dean.
Sam’s eyes widened. “Wait... are you two not.... dating?”
“Thanks for showing me around... the place you got is nice”
The man was silent for a second, hovering about a foot from Dean. “It’s what neighbors do, from what I have been told”
The bar tender sighed. It was around eleven at night, and they were closing early. The day had gone by slow, and it was quieter then usual. Sam and Gabriel wanted to bring him out drinking.
Sorry for the delay, ya’ll! I had a lot on my ‘to do’ list today and fell behind schedule. I hope you like the chapter!
“You...have to... come on!”
Not that he liked Cas or anything like that. Not that Dean liked the way the man’s deep voice sent chills running through his body, or how his hand would sometimes brush against his, or how—
His voice faltered slightly, his cheeks burning.
Castiel was dragged into a chair between Jo and Benny. He learned that Ellen, Jo’s mom, used to own Dean and Sam’s bar. She gave it to the Winchesters when she retired. Benny was Dean’s best friend from the ‘school for the blind’. Charlie was a college friend of Sam’s before he dropped out to work with Dean.
Loki’s speech was not as HALF as good as Dean’s. Sure, Castiel was probably (definitely) biased, but who could blame him?
Dean felt his stomach lurch.
Bobby laughed. “I’m sure the kid will like it. Just give it a shot”
Whatever happened at Castiel’s workplace today, it didn’t sound good. Apparently, someone was being an ‘asshole’ to him, and he was ‘embarrassed’. Dean wondered who would make such a kind man feel so self conscious...
“Jerk”
Oh right, and Meg had also (very) subtly mentioned that Castiel also digs men. He decided not to tell anyone that he knew that... Dean had never had as much hope as now. He still had only a one in a million chance with his neighbor, but he would take whatever he could get.
Castiel looked back down at his phone.
Dean clung to him, burying his face into the crook of Castiel’s neck.
“He’safamousmodelandIaccidentallyhurthisfeelingsandIneedtomakethingsbettersoIcantalktohimagaincusImightdieifIdon’t”
Dean bit his lip, suddenly seeming very small. “I’m going to miss you, Cas. You have no idea how much....”
Castiel knew that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with this man, no matter how good or bad.
After twenty minutes of driving, the two had arrived to the hotel. The tall building loomed over them. Dean’s wrapped his hand back around Castiel’s upper arm. They walked into the lobby.
Castiel followed Dean out of the apartment complex. They walked down the street, the warm wind blowing against them.
Dean massaged the back of his neck again, the headache getting worse. “I have no idea.”
The low and quiet voice he had been hoping for responded. “Hello, Dean”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “Wait—
Just as quickly as the prayer started, silence took over.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You can come in.”
Dean rested his hand on his shoulder. “This is my brother, Sammy.”
“You get a drink with me.”
Dean scowled, wrapping his hands around his coffee cup. Maybe rigging the chair was a mistake
The boy stammered. “you... thank you”
It felt wrong seeing the old car so unattended for. Baby was Dean’s prized possession, the one thing he took care of no matter what.
Castiel woke up at eight, a pained groan escaping from his chapped lips. The model’s head ached, and his stomach churned violently. He felt something on his shoulder, and he forced his eyes open. A red flannel rested on top of him. It was draped over his shoulder, and one of the sleeves lied against his cheek. He moved a hand to touch it, rubbing his fingers between the soft fabric. It had an overwhelming aroma of pine trees and mint.
“Aruggh. What???”
Castiel grimaced when seeing it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s face burned, and he looked down at his shaking hands. It was true that Castiel had... complicated feelings towards Dean. The model’s heart would stop whenever he laughed, and when he would rest a hand on his shoulder. Castiel loved the way Dean would talk. He was open... as if he had complete trust in him. The worst of it? Castiel’s stomach would do flips whenever the man would say his name. The way the nickname flowed off Dean’s tongue... it had never failed to petrify him.
The model felt a pang of nostalgia. That might have been the last time he heard Dean laugh.
“Whatever you need, Dean.”
He frowned, plopping down on the couch. “I can’t. What if the show really is his dream? I couldn’t possibly take his chance away from him. Hell, this isn’t even MY decision to make! Cas accepted, and now he’s... leaving.”
Castiel continued. “But tea would be really nice too. Not as good as this, but still welcome.”
Cas grins. “I will pick you up. Does seven work?”
Dean’s POV: (while Castiel and Meg are out getting coffee)
not good enough for you anymore???”
The last prayer that Castiel got was from an unexpected person.
“Dean?”
“Do you really want to work with me, Cas?”
Castiel snickered. “I’m not....”
It wasn’t Sam. Sure, Dean missed him, but his moose of a brother would turn up soon enough. He would eventually see him again.
Dean lifted himself out of the pool and extend his hand. “Can you lead me back upstairs?”
“I am so exited for it!!!”
Dean finally found the nerve to speak. “Does... does that happen to you often?”
Dean felt another pang of guilt. Castiel had been silent for the past four hours.
“Anything.”
Dean stepped back, but kept his hand on his hip.
The way Castiel laughed.... it was from deep within him. Dean wondered how long it had been since Castiel had last laughed this hard.
“Oh! There’s a viral video of him in the New York City airport. Should we watch it?”
He knew Dean. Castiel could draw the conclusion that he knew the bartender better than himself, cliché as it sounded.
So Castiel is going to the wedding with Dean. How do ya’ll think it’s going to go?
The Model coughed uncomfortably. “Did anything interesting happen at the bar while I was in New York? I just realized that I never asked you...”
Dean’s face flushes, and he takes a step back. “I—well—uh.... will...”
Dean shook his head, taking a step back. “I—no, I don’t believe it. Castiel would have told me! He... he would tell me if he was a model.”
Castiel did not know what to do. What if Dean pushed him away???
I LOVE you all so much! The feedback on the last chapter was incredible. I really enjoyed reading about what the weather was like for you. It was so much fun, and I think I might ask other questions like that in the future!
Dean’s eyes widened, and he swallowed his pancake. “Cas? Is he okay? Where is he???”
Cas began to hear something. It was some kind of sound—a vibration, low and muffled. It slowly grew from humming to a whisper.
“Heya, Cas. Ready to go on that walk you promised me?”
“Eh, she didn’t look like she was really all there. You, however, were made for this. I was wondering if you would be down for a solo modeling session? You see, I have business associates that might be interested in employing you.”
Castiel read half of the remaining pages. He then gave the book to Dean. His voice was weak, softly reciting words on the pages.
“FUCK!”
Castiel was slumped over, his head resting on the table. His eyes were shut.
“I breathed”
Dean felt as if he just gotten sucker punched. He flinched when hearing the angel’s name, heart aching.
For the first time, he pitied the thing. It was confused, cold, knew nothing. It was trapped in itself.
Do you have any theories on what will happen next? I would love to hear them!
He would hate it. Sam never knew his mother, and he hated their father more than anything in the entire world.
The man walked over to the coffee station, grabbing a fistful of sugar packets. He went back to his seat, pointing at the packets.
Dean took this moment to slip his hand out of Castiel’s. He felt wrong leaving him like this, curled up on the couch alone. Dean took off his flannel, draping it over his sleeping friend. Maybe he could use it as a blanket tonight?
“tough day, huh?”
He was angry that something like this ever happened to Dean. That the man he cared about so much had been hurt.
Castiel huffed, flopping back down on the bed.
She walked over to the kitchen, taking a sip of the tea. Her eyes lit up.
Castiel shrugged. “Why not? It’ll give me something to learn. Maybe we could read the book together?”
Bobby shuffled in. “We need to talk”
Castiel looked over at the two models with a worried look. They just shrugged.
Castiel rolled his eyes, exasperated. “I threw my hoodie in the back seat. If you lean, maybe you can reach it.”
“Really?”
Castiel didn't let go of Dean’s wrist. Rather, he moved his hand down to accompany his. Their fingers were laced together.
A rogue tear escaped from the corner of his eye, sliding down his cheek. “My mom had problems when having Sam. Due to a complication, she needed a C-section. She lost an unhealthy amount of blood.... The problems only got worse from there. My mom kept it from us, in order to stop us from worrying. We were short on money, and the hospital bill for Sam was already putting a dent in our finances. By the time we found out about it... it was too late.”
Castiel’s words got caught in his throat.
Gabriel took his phone out from his pocket, still out of breath. “I think.... I know who.... our mysterious.... model is!!!”
“Now?”
“Hey, handsome, what can I do you for?”
Cas was back.
Sam grimaced, racing down the stairs, helping Dean to his feet. “Come on, let’s get you to your room—
Meg opened it, much to Rowena’s surprise. She beckoned her in, and the redhead was brought to the couch. The apartment was.... well, a mess. the room was dark, the shutters shut tightly. A few dim lights illuminated the living room with a soft yellow glow. Blankets and books were littered in the living room, and the movie ‘Titanic’ was on pause. A bucket of half melted ice cream was on the coffee table with a spoon inside.
He looked over his shoulder.  “I... gotta go. I’ll see you tonight.”
Castiel enjoyed it!
“FINE!!! Damn you and your prideful stupidity! I can’t do this anymore...”
It only goes downhill from there. Cas gets stabbed, he crumples to the floor, Dean gets pissed when seeing his angel in pain and brutally murders the remaining witches. Sam didn’t even have to do anything. He let his brother kill everything while he checked on Cas.
Dean’s POV:
The angel tilted his head to the side, frowning.
Dean scowled. He hated all the drama that revolved around celebrities. He himself had come out as bisexual a few years back, not really caring what others would think. But what if someone had outed him?
Dean shrugged. “Guess you’ll have to read and find out!”
It was four fucking forty-five, and the man HAS NOT GOTTEN UP.
Sam drove off, leaving Dean to take care of Castiel. The drunk man took a single step before he began to sway.
Castiel responded before he could stop himself. “Yes!”
Kevin revealed the first photo.
“No way are you sleeping on that for the entire night! If neither of us want the other to sleep on the couch.... why don't we both sleep here?”
He had been thinking a lot about what Sam had said the other day. Was it possible that he had a crush on Cas?
Dean smiled to himself. Castiel seemed genuinely curious about all this. It was kind of nice
She stood up VERY fast, stumbling out the bar door.
“No, he’s teaching. Poor Cassie didn't even have time to stop for coffee! He’s probably going to be really grumpy without caffeine in him.”
Dean rose an eyebrow. “You don't?”
Meg punched him in the arm, rousing him from his thoughts. “When’s the wedding?”
Or was it a trap?!? Was there hot sauce in it, or something???
“Cas... I—uh—don’t know if you can hear me...”
Gabriel grinned evilly. “Is it a daaaateeee?”
“I see a charming, kind, and selfless person, who won’t let others push him around. You are stronger than anyone I know, because of your determination to keep going. And it breaks my heart when you think that you are helpless and broken. Dean, you are brave enough to live in a world that has treated you badly, and that proves that you are extraordinary.”
They walked across the street and over to the bar. Dean grabbed out his keys and unlocked the door, pushing it open. Castiel went inside, and the bartender closed it behind them.
Dean’s foster father and ex-teacher at the school for the blind, Bobby was one of the closest people in his life. He had moved to Sioux Falls, South Dakota, a few years back. He would drop by for holidays, but they kept in frequent contact by calling.
He grumbled, pulling himself off the floor.
Dean grumbled. “Got lost on the way back. Blame Gabe.”
Sam gaped at his husband. “Uh—no—it was DEFINITELY your fault.”
No response.
“Shush—
“I have no idea”
Dean scoffed. “Really? That’s why you accepted???”
He wished he could stop panicking, but he couldn't.
Castiel came back to him.
Was Castiel ready? No.
Nope, he didn’t just think that.
He walked back over to the apartment door, which was still slightly ajar. His hand wrapped around the knob and sighed.
Wait.... so Sam thought Dean and Castiel were dating.... which means that...
The model’s cheeks flushed. Was it hot in here?
Dean grinned evilly at Castiel’s observation. “No. Maybe we can beat them to Bobby’s!”
His eyes wandered to Castiel’s drink, which was still half full. Maybe Dean would be getting payback on Castiel for stealing his spot after all...
His words came out, barely a wisper. “Just a dream. M’ fine.”
Did he... have a crush on Cas?
Strange question #2: What is your all time favorite drink?
It had been three months since the Coffee War had started. And eventually, even to him, the crush became obvious. Dean knew that he would go insane if he waited any longer, pining for Cas from tables away.
Why was Castiel asking him what he was doing after work??? What should he say in response?
Cas has died before.
Castiel screamed into the darkness. “I’m awake, you assbutt!!!”
He felt the plane stop.
So he spoke, tried to tell Dean that he was there. He spent days trying console him.
Gabriel was smirking at them, his eyebrows wiggling. “Dean! Are you ready to die???”
Castiel almost chocked. “huh?”
Castiel took a sip. “This is great! What is it called?”
Castiel gave her a warm smile, pulling off his hoodie. She stood next to him and held up the phone.
Gabriel laughed. “I’m sure you’ll find... someone...”
Cas would come back to him. He always did.
And Dean, if he made it out of this final fight—he would have to live without Cas. He would have to wake up every day without his angel there to greet him.
Dean walked around the counter, sitting next to the man.
Castiel’s eyes widened. Why was Sam telling him this?
Before he could spit back an insult, Castiel grabbed his wrist.
Dean rambled into Cas’ trench coat. “I-I don’t understand. How—How are you here???”
Castiel lied. “Indifferent.”
Castiel bit his lip, his voice cracking. “I know, but I need to be there for him.”
Dean chuckled to himself. “Actually, there was! There’s a regular at my bar. Her name’s Karen. Well, she has a very bad habit of getting wasted and blacking out. About five days ago, she got so drunk that she started stripping!”
This means he has a chance! Sure, it’s still a one in a million chance, but just maybe...
Castiel’s eyes followed Dean, who stood up and felt his way over to the kitchen.
He was worried about his new friend. And more importantly, he was terrified of how Castiel made him feel.
Castiel seemed to find it bothersome at times, but Dean was always amused.
“I’m heading over to the restaurant... I have the first shift.”
The bartender walked over and pressed the device in his hands. “Just a bunch of classic and popular songs that I strung together. Something for you to listen to...”
But tonight was different. Tonight would change the rest of his life.
The screen cut out, leaving Dean speechless. Gabriel screeched, jumping up from his stool and running around the bar. Sam ignored his hyper active fiancé, focusing on his distraught brother.
She rolled here eyes. “Speaking of which... have you seen your social media yet? You and him are trending like crazy!”
Not in a million years.
“Dean!”
The words caused a wave of relief to wash over him, but Dean was still unsure if Cas was being honest.
Gabriel found a slow song and handed his device to the DJ.
Castiel tried to wiggle father away, in order to respect Dean’s personal space. The other wouldn’t have it, making a tiny groan and shifting with him. If the model tried moving again, he would fall off of the bed.
Dean stumbled over a raised floor board, and his body pressed into the back of Castiel. He now could tell that Cas was a couple inches shorter than him, due to Dean’s cheek pressed up against Castiel’s hair. Their bodies fit together perfectly. Castiel’s behind pressed up against Dean, sending crazy signals through his body.
The bartender let out a content sigh.
But another hour ticked away, and the couple never showed.
“Yes. I want to see Dean.”
Hey, ya’ll! I’m back with another chapter.
Castiel’s face went a dark shade of red. He head nodded over in Jo’s direction. “My teacher’s over there.”
Castiel marched up to the cosmic being, stopping when their chests touched. “Send. Me. Back.”
Dean, remembering the events of the previous day, snickered. “Hey, Cas, how are you doing?”
They were about to take off.
Dean could barely process the fact that he was being led by Castiel to the dance floor.
Dean would still wake up trembling from nightmares of when Castiel died, from nightmares where he lost everything, but he had his angel to hold him when he woke up.
Things have been pretty good as of late.
He spent the early afternoon going around town and on hikes with Sam and other family friends.
The bartender dropped his bag, mouth hanging open and eyes wide. Castiel gave Gabriel a glare.
ignoring the previous statement, Castiel shook Bobby’s hand and they stepped inside the cabin.
Dean looked through his contacts. He found a particular redhead’s contact.
He was still clinging onto the model like a life raft. He could feel the muscles moving in his shoulder, which Dean was still gripping tightly. Oh right, and there was also the fact that Castiel was massaging the small of his back.
The bartender’s mouth was gaping. “Are you sure? Oh, and don’t call him my ‘crush’”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
They got into the rental and sped off. Dean rolled his window down. The cold morning air rushed into the car, causing him to shiver.
He shrugged it off. What did he care about models? He can’t even see!”
Was it something he had said or done? Both, maybe?
She quickly let go and apologized.
The bartender groaned, rubbing his temples. Dean forced himself from his bed and checked the time.
They made it to the restaurant and Dean unlocked the door.
“I have greatly appreciated out time together too...”
Dean nodded.
No, he actually left him and Castiel behind.
Dean and Castiel dove into an endless conversation that day. The only thing that stopped them from continuing was the call Dean had gotten from Sam. Apparently, the water heater had broke.... again.
Dean nodded. “Goodnight, Sunshine.”
The dry bicep pressed lightly against Castiel’s wet back, sending chills up his spine.
Sam brought a hand to his face. “We need to get them together already!”
“You okay?”
Dean woke up, making an effort NOT to throw his alarm against the wall.
Dean sunk into the passenger’s seat, a content smile on his face.
And that the thing Dean ever saw, his father scowling down at him as he hit his head against the hardwood floor....
Dean shook his head. “I—I need some time to think about this.”
“This is really good!”
“Dean.... I know you’re busy, but this is really important. It’s Cas, he—
He walked back over to the apartment door, which was still slightly ajar. His hand wrapped around the knob, and he sighed.
John nodded. “Yeah, kiddo. She did.”
It took about half a minute for Dean’s voice to finally work. “Sorry, Cas. I tripped.”
Castiel didn’t take much notice in him at first, pulling out his phone. The boy’s brown eyes widened, and he brought a hand to his mouth.
Thank you to everyone who has read, left kudos, and/or commented!
Dean’s POV:
“Uh—remember that photo? The one of my family?”
His heart skipped a beat.
Dean... had never been asked that before. John never let him mention his mom, and Sammy was always too terrified to talk about it. Dean, whenever his brother had tried, shut him down.
Dean heard a stifled laugh from the back. Castiel.
“What happened?”
“I love you too, Cas.”
UGHHHHHHHHHHH
Castiel decided to continue. “Do you know what I see when I look at you?”
“—never mind that. I am upset because you kept it from me! I trusted you... and you couldn’t even tell me what your job was!”
Castiel hummed, looking over at the clock. “... You’re not going to like my answer, Dean.”
The man looked over at Castiel again, a wicked grin on his face.
Dean sat on a step of his front porch, rim of a beer bottle to his lips. The alcohol was the only thing that grounded him at this point.
Castiel smiled and shook his head.
Castiel couldn’t help being distracted. He should have been at home right now, apologizing profusely to Dean.
Castiel reached down, hand entwining with the hunter’s. “Jack said that you needed me. It took a long while, but he was able to convince The Empty to let me go.”
Gabriel walked over to the two neighbors. “Yay! So Dean is finally making friends! He is the most boring person you will ever meet. He goes to work and then he goes home. Sam and I have been trying to get Dean to do do other shit, but he is persistent in being a loser”
Before his brain could process what was happening, lips are pressed against his. Dean’s eyes flutter shut and he feels himself kissing back, lips locking and sliding against Castiel’s. His hands instinctively moved to his partner’s hips, pulling him impossibly closer.
Castiel nodded, grabbing his house keys and closing the door behind them.
Dean’s mouth hung open. “What?”
Sam gave Castiel a warm smile.
Dean snorted. “Nope—nu uh, no way. You’ll get the bed. I already took it for a nap”
Gabriel groaned, punching his arm. “Come on!!! It’ll be fun! When was the last time you went out drinking???”
The first thing he remembered from last night was that Dean was turning a lot in his sleep, as if trying to find a comfortable position. Then he began mumbling. By the time Castiel realized that Dean was having a bad dream, he had awoken.
Castiel grinned. “She also said something about the couple throwing flowers at people. Why do they do that? It sounds violent!”
“... I’m sorry if I embarrassed you, Cas. I just—I couldn't let him talk to you like that— I don't think I could let anyone talk to you that way.”
Thank you for reading. I hope you are all having a wonderful weekend! :)
But Dean couldn’t help but wonder more about his strange neighbor...
Sam stopped the car. “We’re here, Dean.”
Dean’s face somehow grew a fiercer shade of red, and he nodded shyly.
Dean needed him.
Rowena whistled. “Woah... you look awful”
Dean sat in a bar, calloused hand wrapped around his drink.
.... But Dean wanted him to go.
“How?”
After a couple minutes of companionable silence, Dean coughed uncomfortably.
He then heard faint clapping.
Dean shook his head. “No way am I making Cas drive thirty minutes every day!”
Why couldn't the damn temperature just be normal?!?
The bartender shrugged, taking a sip of the warm coffee. “Yeah, he’s pretty great.”
Dean immediately regained all the anxiety from before. His knuckles turned white from gripping the arm rests.
Castiel couldn't help himself from glancing back over at the picture of Dean. He felt his chest tighten. Here the model was, lying in his bed with only boxers on at one in the morning, looking at a picture of his VERY attractive neighbor.
Also, how do ya’ll think of Angst? *wicked author laughter*
Hey, everyone! I hope that you enjoy this chapter! :)
He drove to the bar, rushing inside to avoid getting wet. He found Gabriel inside, sitting down in a booth by the corner. Unlike most days, the man had a grim expression on his face.
“Well, he also happens to be my son.”
“What have you been thinking about? You’ve been quiet all night...”
Castiel shushed him. “No spoilers!”
“Sonofabitch!!!!”
Almost every day after that, Dean would pray to Castiel. Most of the time he would tell the angel about his day. A new case he was working on, Sam and Eileen getting together and going on dates, anything that came into mind. Almost every day he would reminisce about the times Cas was alive. About them watching movies in the bunker, the silly arguments they got into. He apologized a lot too.
Castiel watched himself in horror as he ran through the airport, dodging through massive crowds and swiveling his head around like a lunatic.
The man looked up at him in annoyance, eyebrows furrowed and lips drawn in a thin line. “I said that this isn't your seat. It’s mine.”
Gabriel scoffed jokingly, his eyes wide with shock. “Oh, so
“Cas’ room is booked.”
Dean was still in his restaurant. People noticing his condition kept asking insensitive questions.
Castiel’s face burned. Finding himself unable to reply, he just looked down at the kitchen counter
John was screaming into seven-year-old Sammy’s face.
Don't cry, don't cry, don’t c—
“Uh, beer. A lot of it”
John knelt down to his level. “She isn't.”
But... was Dean good enough? Castiel was a fucking model, and a famous one at that! He was just a blind, cocky, and annoying bartender, who had panic attacks and nightmares every night.
“Sam?”
The man scoffed, looking at Castiel when speaking next. “Well, when you decide to ditch the guard dog, come find me.”
He heard a light set of footsteps moving closer.
“Is it true, Cas?”
He opened the door. Then remembered. Shit. He tried to sound suave, but his voice betrayed him. “I-uuh. Hey! Sorry, I just woke up. You can come in if you want, but I need to get ready...”
Gabriel rested a hand on Dean’s slumped shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Cas, I—it’s me—Sam.”
Why did he think that Cas would stay??? For him?
“Castiel”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
Dean rubbed a hand down his face and got ready for work. He was ready to go by five, leaving him with three hours to kill.
“Really??? Do tell!”
Ellen, Jo, and Gabriel shifted, leaving room right next to Castiel.
The choice wasn't that hard for Dean, who immediately grabbed Castiel’s arm.
The shorter man grumbled, his face twisting into a pout. “I’m breaking up with you. Take your stupid ring back”
Before he could respond, Castiel heard cussing from the kitchen, along with a crashing noise. Sam rushed into the room, a furious expression on his face.
Then they fought. A lot.
Dean was going to ask her to stop, but he refrained. “What else?”
Oh, Chuck.
Being blind wasn’t all that bad. His other senses have gotten A little better, so he could hear, smell, feel, and taste things stronger than some people. It sort of hurt if someone would be wearing to strong Cologne. Or if someone were to shout too loud.
And eerily, it was peaceful.
“Can you maybe translate a paragraph? I still don't understand it.”
Dean felt something in his chest ache.
Another hundred snaps from the camera.
Dean froze up in his seat, his jaw clenched. Castiel waited until everyone had gone on the plane to talk to him.
Castiel glared at him. “Stop slurping. I won’t ask again.”
Dean’s hand glided along the page. “The first sentence says that Braille was invented in 1824.”
“One. Sam is your brother, correct?”
The model’s face burned, eyes cast back down at the table.
“He’s coming back, right?“
Dean then heard something. It was distant and muffled, as if he was hearing it from underwater.
Embarrassment flooded through Dean. He had a panic attack in front of Cas... hell, he CRIED on him.
Dean had a tiny smile on his face. “He is— oh! It’s almost seven. Do you want to stay for dinner maybe?”
Nope. He’s not thinking about this right now.
“His eyes are incredible! Like—this kid doesn't even look real— but back to your problem. How are you planning on apologizing?”
“So you must be Dean’s neighbor! Sam told me a LOT about you”
Jo tilted her head. “So... you really did wonders with calming Dean down today, huh? I’ve never seen him so calm on a plane before!”
“Is it really that hard to find a date?”
The man sighed, taking his sunglasses off. He gave her a tiny smile. “You got me”
Thank you for reading!
And hell, he really hopes it does.
No way was he going to let himself cry. Dean had to be strong, like his father taught him.
Castiel interrupted without thinking. “No!”
Hope you enjoy!
John gritted his teeth, growling out the words in frustration. “Your mother’s body stopped working. that’s what death is, Dean. Death is when someone’s body stops working, and the person leaves us.”
That photo was taken three months before his mother died.
What if something like that happens to Castiel?
Sam chuckled. “He is very attractive, Dean... I wish you could see him.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “What?”
Ahhhh crap.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel tilted his head. “No. What is it?”
Sam nodded, lips twisting into a pout. “As the plague.”
Castiel shrugged. “I was just curious.”
“Heya, Sammy! What’re you doin’ here?”
So he waited to see if Dean would deny it.
Bobby let go. “And who is this young man?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Before anyone could barge in, Dean continued. “Look—I know it’s crazy sudden and that we haven’t talked about.... well, anything regarding my feelings towards you—but I want... I want to marry you one day, Cas. I’m done with p—
Dean fell out of bed, rushing over to inspect the damage. Lucky for him, it was his job to fix homes. If anyone could resolve this (very stupid) problem, it would be him. After staring at the damage for a while, Dean walked into his bathroom. He turned on the shower and stripped.
Dean filled the pot with water and placed it on the stove. “You have a lot of tea bags in your cabinet...”
Dean’s lopsided grin was enough to make him pass out. He had never seen him so nervous and excited at the same time. His green eyes conveyed an emotion Castiel could not decipher.
Dean was led down to the parking lot.
The model felt a smile forming on his face. “It was. We should do this again sometime.”
He saw it. A photo taken of Castiel walking through the streets, talking to a very attractive Dean Winchester. Dean was wearing his crooked grin, and the photo caught Castiel mid laugh. He zoomed in on the photo, studying it. It must have been taken when they went on the walk this morning!
Dean rubbed the sides of his forehead, trying to banish his train of thought. His phone began to ring, and he fished it out from his pocket .
Rowena gasped. “You look fantastic! The tie really brings out your eyes.”
Dean’s voice was shaky when he first started talking, but he quickly warmed up. He talked about the first time Gabriel had met Sam.
The model tore his eyes away from his neighbor, taking his own shirt off and pulling on the dress shirt. His face burned, trying to ignore the pounding in his ribcage.
Anger.
He took about a billion photos and nodded. Castiel relaxed again.
Dean buried his face in his hands, taking a deep breath. “I’ll... I’ll let him go. I can’t be the one that stopped him from winning ‘Next Top Model.’”
It was Benny, the Co-owner to Dean’s company. Apparently, a client had offered them a deal.
Rowena stammered through an incoherent sentence. Then her face turned as red as her hair.
Dean shook his head. He decided to entertain his brother’s theory. “Why do you think I’m in love him?”
Castiel chuckled. “Unfortunately, I have matters elsewhere. I should get going...”
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “My seat is only two rows from yours. I’ll be here if you need me.”
He was getting close.
Gabriel knocked again. “Are you two even awake?!?”
Castiel was still for about ten seconds, contemplating what to do.
Sam groaned. “You are such a loser”
Gabriel scrolled through his phone, trying to find out more information about Castiel.
Castiel took his free hand, biting down on his bottom lip as he slowly buried his fingers in dirty blonde hair. He ran through it slowly, in disbelief of how fluffy it was.
The model chocked back a sob. “What do we do now?”
Dean’s POV:
Then why did this take so long?
The younger brother put his mug down, rubbing the back of his neck. “Guess we have that model guy to thank for it... and you, apparently”
“You are wrong about one thing, Cas.”
“What happened yesterday, Cas?”
Dean was numb.
Castiel shot up from the couch, his face burning.
Dean grimaced, crossing his arms. Was it hot in here, or was that just him?
Oh shit, why did Bobby have to say it like that???”
“Sure, let’s go.”
Sam sucked in a breath. “He doesn’t look too good”
“Four”
The past four days had been peaceful. Dean didn't fight for the seat when Cas beat him to it, who wouldn’t try and take it if he was already there. It was like they were becoming...
