She points at what she sees, where she wants to be, what she wants to eat, and informs them where it is with varying levels of yelling involved.
Now he’s said it, he wants to get on with it. John reaches up to the side table and finds the lube - he’s doing this himself. Sherlock doesn’t comment when John lies flat on his back and reaches down. He applies the lube, pushes in with one finger and spreads it around, then adds a second finger and widens them in a scissoring motion. It’s easy. Practiced. Medical standard.
That’s an understatement. There even had been that rumour that Grand-mere killed him. Sherlock had always found the story fascinating. Sherlock tells John, aware he’s never said this, “Father’s brothers are James and Benjamin, mother’s father was Bob, or Robert.”
Perhaps it would still be worthwhile. But Mycroft cannot be fully certain, and that thought troubles him.
John calls the next day, which is rare enough that Mycroft immediately answers, even though he is in the middle of some rather delicate negotiations. “John?”
Sherlock can still feel that moment reverberate in his chest. Pressing his nose and lips to John’s neck. Smelling him. Sherlock gets a bright shot of pleasure every time he thinks of it.
John says, “Promise. I should probably tell you that I have a mole on my shoulder or something. Even things out. JW”
John looks him in the eye, and touches his arm. It’s a crackle of electricity, of need, and Sherlock can’t pull away. “You just need someone to be with, I get it, it’s fine, it’s…”
When exactly ten days after John’s hospital appointment Mycroft’s phone rings around noon, Mycroft already knows what John has to say. He arranged that the doctor would call John at work, so that he would have time to consider it away from Sherlock.
The weekly airing of episodes does nothing of the sort, however. Every week again, Sherlock has to remind himself that a temporary connection forged by circumstance meant
And that’s with the nanny, who took Violet to playgroup both mornings. With Mrs. Hudson, who took Violet for an hour just so John could clean up the absolute mess she made when she got into one of Sherlock’s experiments - nothing too bad, luckily, but a glass test tube shattered and it got everywhere.
Mycroft looks down at Violet in John’s arm. She is calm, but her eyes blink open as she sees him. He has been trying to be more vocal around her. Sherlock was quite right, it is important for her verbal development that she is spoken to. So Mycroft says, feeling entirely awkward, “Hello, my dear.”
John reaches out his hand and touches the side of Mycroft’s fingers. Mycroft’s head turns around sharply, and he stares at him.
He stands next to John, who briefly reaches out a hand and puts it on his back as an acknowledgement that he’s here. Sherlock likes it. He says, idly, “No signs of murder.”
Sherlock puts the phone down and meets John’s eyes. John had been following their conversation and he is smiling widely now. “Well, then!” He goes to the kitchen and returns with a half-drunk bottle of champagne.
Father is obviously trying as hard as he can, but it’s frustrating. He continues to spout blather that none of them are very willing to reply to. To Violet, “Oh, you’re such a lovely little girl!” To John, “Are you still a doctor, John?” To Mycroft himself, “How far along are you?” To Sherlock, “Still being a detective?” And, to top it all off, “I’m so proud of you. Both my boys!”
“One of the main areas where you can show some details would be in the trunk and the eyes, and I think you missed that opportunity,” Mike says.
Mycroft is alone in the grand house’s hallway, eleven in the evening in Paris, ten in London, right after the dessert course, when he gets a chance to call and ask whether Violet doing well. John answers, “Hey! She’s asleep already.”
And as long as he stays with Sherlock, it’s not going to happen with anyone else, either. Because who would live with sharing him like that?
“I don’t think you should rush faces,” Mike adds. “That’s probably where the time limit let you down.”
John immediately texts Sherlock, kind of vindictively glad of the chance to show him how it’s done, “I’m staying the night, will be home in the morning. JW”
It’s warm inside. The owner nods at him, and John mumbles “Coffee.” He strips out of his wet jacket, then takes a seat with his back to the wall, so he can look outside. The window is steamed up and striped with condensation.
is how Sherlock should look at him. John faces him, naked. He’s all scars and soft stomach, unaroused cock and uselessness. Sherlock’s eyes flicker over him rapidly.
Mycroft tries. He asks after John’s job. “Oh, the same, you know, boring.” After John’s health. “Fine.” And after Sherlock, but John just sighs. He does not seem insincere so much as troubled. Finally, John admits, “It’s hard, trying to make something work.”
Except, of course, the big one. John feels weird even thinking about it because they’re not that, obviously. Sherlock isn’t his
with arousal. Mycroft says, lowly, aware that he has wanted this for so very long, “You can do it, John.”
She moves back, and takes the file with a sigh. “I’m sorry, no.” She shows him the results of his latest blood work.
Mike appears on the little stage, with the other two judges behind him. “Time to start the judging. Molly and Soo Lin! You two are up first.”
He lies awake in bed that night, next to a softly breathing Sherlock, and considers telling him what happened. Should he? Sherlock allowed Mara, but Mycroft is never, ever going to be the same. Sherlock’s bonded to Mycroft, the baby - it’s not even remotely similar.
When Sherlock’s half-awake again, Mycroft comes by, and Sherlock sleepily bonds with him. Violet opens her arms to him, and Sherlock realises that the whole time, he didn’t think of stopping.
Howard is listening to them and nodding along. “The District Line is generally quiet at night, except for planned works. There is a schedule posted every week on certain forums actually, did you know-”
“Molly.” Sherlock acknowledges her and releases the door handle. He is not certain whether she knows this to be John’s room.
She’s been well preserved. A natural death and then immediately refrigerated, it would have been an easy job.
He returns to his work. He focuses on his client, who tells him about being an art school teacher for most of her life. While Sherlock listens, he works on the colours and making them appear as true to the painting as possible. His work needs to capture the vivid passion of Van Gogh, and Sherlock attempts to portray the deep, almost illusive insanity of emotion his every brushstroke carries.
, Jesus. “He came to get her at four in the morning, he has to get up at seven again, so I figured it was easier if she just says here, and then the nanny can pick her up here at eight?”
They have Violet over for the night because Mycroft has to work late, and he needs to make sure that he has the opportunity to rest. Sherlock told him so, to Mycroft’s raised eyebrow and vaguely insulted look, and he did agree to it.
But he knows that he will never make an announcement like it. Mycroft is at a certain age, and it might be very difficult to become pregnant again.
Sherlock glances at his own forearm. His skin is busily tattooed, but underneath, the scarring still stands out.
She nods. “That’s good, dear, I don’t think Sherlock liked the others.” Then adds, as John is making his way out the door, “It makes sense, doesn’t it? Sharing you with his bonded. Sherlock always was too loving, you know. He cares too much.”
They order a take away and are eating Chinese noodles on the sofa at three AM when John says, “That was fun.” And then, his voice sobers, “I missed it. This.”
What if Mycroft gets up, then? Walks over, and John just licks Mycroft’s cock, slobbers all over it, gets the heat and heavy musk of it in his mouth…
The next day when Mycroft goes by Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson has Violet. Sherlock has a case, and John has called in sick at work to go along with him.
Sherlock can hear it, but it doesn’t resonate much. It doesn’t matter now. He needs John, no, he needs something, he just, aah! He runs his hands through his hair, and jumps up, his erection waving in front of him. “Leave.”
Bottom line is, whenever John thinks too much about what the hell they’re even doing, it seems as if it’s going to turn into a fucking mess any second, because this sort of thing doesn’t just
“They were such silly boys – men, really. They were in love.” Mrs. Hudson looks at them. “I never doubted it.”
hilarious in a way – he’s hard as hell and Mycroft just walked out of here looking like he’s on fire.
Mycroft swallows it down, feeling a brief moment of revulsion – he never did like swallowing – and then slowly leaves John. He takes his handkerchief and wipes his lips and chin before facing John again.
Instead his eye is drawn to John’s forearms. John has rolled up his sleeves slightly, and the tattoo work past his wrists is showing when he gestures. Sherlock’s gaze lingers on the small slivers of skin. He wishes to see the rest of him. Every tattoo of John’s.
Mycroft can feel it rush through him. As they turn, he looks over John’s shoulder and finds Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock gives them a smile, then turns to Molly Hooper and takes William.
The cold fluid on his stomach still carries an unpleasant reminder of nearly losing Violet, and he carefully controls his breathing. Dr. Mehta moves the probe around and does not say a word. She simply checks the screen. Mycroft can see it as well as she does - two round shapes. One much smaller than the other.
“I said we would take it overnight, too. From the beginning.” Sherlock looks at him, and asks, awkwardly, “Would you agree with that?”
Sherlock moves his hand faster even though his wrist is feeling as if it is going to cramp. And then John suddenly buries his head against his chest, shudders, and says, “Sherlock…” with something deep and pained in his voice while Sherlock can feel him spill all over his hand.
Violet was almost completely toilet trained before William came along, but now she asks for nappies again.
John winces when he pushes himself onto the tall chair. So does Janine, he sees, her hip is tattooed. Molly has an upper leg spanned off - the edge of the cling film peeks from under her dress. Soo Lin’s ankle has some slight swelling despite her elevating it earlier. Sherlock is the only one who is moving normally, but the cling film leaves visible lines under his shirt.
Mycroft is careful to hold William as well, of course. He will not make his own child feel abandoned. Mycroft takes exact and perfect care to do everything necessary, but it only magnifies the differences between him and Sherlock when William cries and cries and is not comforted by him at all.
She nods. “All right. We’ll see how your blood work looks after this, you might have to take some time off again.”
Mycroft brings over a collection of new baby clothes and nappies. They’re so tiny, John has to stare at them for a moment.
“You will have five hours to tattoo today, and seven hours tomorrow,” Mike instructs. “You each have a canvas who has their entire back available to you. They are open to any design, in any style. The choice is entirely up to you.”
them. They were good men, decent people, and then they got blown to bits. Or shot, or transferred, or sent home to their wives, it was always ended for him in some way. So no, John never learned how to do this here, in sordid London, where every bloke lines up in a queue of ads and everyone has someone else every night. John never saw himself as part of the anonymous clockwork of men - get hard, fuck, come, rinse and repeat. But it seems like a damn good idea. No words. No nothing.
It takes exactly nineteen seconds before John appears by the library door, and Mycroft attempts to look absorbed in what he is doing, but it is a complete lie. He can feel an odd awareness of his entire body as John approaches.
His hands feel both sweaty and cool to the touch, even though he wore his leather gloves. His toes are cold in his loafers, but his stomach is radiating heat as it always does. It is one of the mysteries of pregnancy. Mycroft puts his hand over it briefly. His child is warm and safe.
He can tell that Sherlock and Mycroft have talked about it when he walks into 221b after Violet’s dance class, and he can sense some emotion between them. Nothing bad, though. John watches them while Sherlock fusses over William, and Mycroft asks Violet, “Now, what did you learn today?”
And god, the smell of it, and the sight of come all over him... John pushes up into Sherlock’s delightful heat, fucks his arse hard, and comes inside of him with an amazing shudder.
Sherlock tried so hard to plan that wedding, to get the details just right. John couldn’t care less about the wedding day, so he was mostly glad that at least Sherlock was into it. Or not
Part of Mycroft wonders at his welcome, since he is here every day of the week already. Granted, only for a couple of minutes at a time usually, but he is. And now on his one day off, he is here again.
And of course, then Anthea comes in and says, “Sir, there’s a slight issue with the North Koreans?” And the rest of his day is spent dealing with that, as well as managing several other international crises.
John doesn’t have time to think about Mycroft or any of it when he’s running after a three-time killer through the back gardens of a Notting Hill gated community. He’s out of breath - out of shape, actually, he should really get back to working out more - running with the hard pressure of his gun in his pocket. Sherlock is ten paces ahead of him.
It did not mean a thing, but he should be more careful - this is absolutely not the type of conversation he needs to be having with John Watson. Perhaps at some point in the future they can go back to joking casually as they have been, but not now his body feels the urge to…
The cameras pull out of the shot, and he is allowed to leave while the other artists further project some sort of emotion at Bainbridge’s elimination.
Mycroft gets out of the car. There is a police woman that wants to stop him, but Mycroft is not at all inclined to want to deal with her. He pretends not to hear when she shouts, “Sir! Sir! You’re not allowed…”
. He could, he’d be that wet for him. John thinks of the decadent squelching sound he’d make if he’d pump into him like that. He imagines Mycroft moving back into him, silently asking for more.
They try to get it blown up, passing it between them. The plastic nozzle is wet with John’s spit, and Sherlock takes it between his lips, blows air into it, and realises that he hasn’t thought about John’s kisses in weeks. About the taste of John’s skin.
. Mycroft gives him with the sternest look he can manage and says into the phone, “...approximately two minutes ago.”
Mycroft swallows, aware that he is the one on trial here. That his words will lie between them for years to come, if not a lifetime. His sins. “It should never have happened.”
“Hey, you can stay.” John would stand, but he’s not entirely sure his legs could take it. He’s still floored by what they just did.
Sherlock asks, “Ready, John?” Mycroft takes Violet’s hand and looks at him, too. John shifts William in his arm, and considers them all standing there. The impossible. His
Sherlock wonders how much John really speaks with his body. How often he is telling him things that he can’t understand. That he won’t, because he’s not always like this, pressed to him. Sherlock noses John’s shoulder. He can smell her on John, still. He has to suppress his rage. How dare she take John!
Mycroft nods. He sits down on the sofa, a small distance from John, and relaxes into the cushions. He has sat here so often, nearly always for bonding, and his body seems to associate this space with comfort.
Slowly, John’s smile crumples. He looks at him with a serious expression. “Sherlock, it’s not.” John glances at Mycroft. “Really.”
He wonders if it is pitiful, that after forty-odd years of being alive and knowing so much more than the average person would, he still does not have the words to express exactly what he wishes to have.
What the hell is he doing? He’s not cheating - not really, anyway. But then why does it all seem so…
By the time he returns, Mycroft feels as if he can control this again. He meets John’s eyes, and John says, “You know, that makes me feel pretty damn good.”
is up last. Her work is the best of the day, John thinks. His own was more traditional, but Molly’s has that expression just right.
Well, yeah. But that’s all it was, then? Nothing more? John had thought… He tries, “It was good, though. Us. Wasn’t it?”
Mycroft sighs. “Violet is currently not in the mood to sleep.” Mycroft’s speaking to her as well as to him, John can hear it in his voice.
The last woman in the line seems the most nervous. She’s young, not even thirty. When it is her turn, she says, “I have a history of breast cancer in my family. My mum died from it, and my grandmother, and two of my aunts. So I…” She briefly swallows, then speaks on while raising her head, “I had the test, and when I found out I had the gene, I had them removed. I want a warrior woman over the scars.”
John brings it up with Sherlock. They’re sitting in the living room, both watching Violet play with some marbles. They roll loudly on the wooden floor, and she’s lying on her stomach, fascinated by it. Sherlock seems relaxed, sitting back against his chair, so John dares to ask him, “Sherlock, your parents... they still don’t know about Violet?”
He looks so goddamn good. Not hard anymore but that’s probably the nerves, and yeah, John can see it in his face, Sherlock’s
Mycroft closes his eyes. He knows it’s a lie. But then what does it harm, to give into this fantasy of being desired. Being
Sherlock paces the living room and calculates tube times – there’s a delay on the Bakerloo line – along with John’s average walking speed.
Sherlock’s mouth opens, but he doesn’t say anything. He simply looks down at the cigarettes in his hand.
John can feel the excitement about the baby begin to build now. He knows that Mycroft doesn’t want to make a big deal out of it yet, but seeing the sonogram, knowing that it exists… well, it’s both scary and amazing.
Later, when Mycroft walks John out, John says, proving to be more astute that Mycroft had expected him to be, “You know that tailor thinks that we’re together, right?” John grins, as if he finds it to be funny. “Or that I’m your bit on the side, I suppose, since you’re bonded.”
He does not take pleasure in leaving the country and does so only when necessary, but it is only a train journey. He can leave London in the afternoon and be back the next. There are perfectly fine hospitals and medical care in Paris as well if needed. Mycroft arranges for Violet to stay over with John and Sherlock again, and goes.
Sherlock settles against him a bit more easily, and John leans into him as well. Sherlock’s eyes are so bright, today. There are small flecks of gold in them. There’s so much to say. But fuck it - for now, John
The streets pass by in a haze. Sherlock tries to get into his mind palace, but it’s as if his brain skirts away from it. Whenever he tries, it fades out. He’s sweating - it prickles against his skin.
They walk inside. It’s a basic coffee shop - John’s been here before to pick up a quick cup of coffee or a pastry when coming out of work, or going in without breakfast. It’s fairly deserted at this hour.
John laughs. Then takes Sherlock’s arm, pulls it around him, and says, “What did I do to deserve this, then? A cuddle?”
John sees it and despite how tired he is after trying to work and crime-solve through the night, he rather wants to take Sherlock home and shag him senseless. Not that he could. But the thought’s there.
Sherlock observes John, and the way he turns around when Mycroft comes in. Careful, but hopeful. Mycroft nods at John, hesitating as well. “How is the hangover?” He says it as if he wants to know.
“It’s from the book, right, the one with the farm?” Yet another classic that she’s been wanting to have read to her all the time.
John can feel the warm weight of William in his arm. He can hear Violet running around and singing a song that she just made up. He can see Sherlock and Mycroft, breaking apart now, both with a pleased look towards him.
He tries not to see the other premature babies, some so painfully small they don’t seem as if they’ll ever have a chance at life.
Sherlock wants to move towards him, but John laughs. “Not now! I have to be at work.” John looks at him. “Tonight?”
“I really like this tattoo.” Irene seems pleased. “It’s clean, simple, and it tells the whole story.” She meets his eyes. “Technically one of the best tattoos of the day.”
Sherlock comes back into Mycroft’s field of vision and says, looking impressed, “He’s small, as expected, between four and five pounds. He’s breathing well now. Moving.”
Mycroft feels as if he can barely face Sherlock after such a question, but he does, and he finds nothing but a mild curiosity in Sherlock’s face. Mycroft can feel a well-known measure of wonder at it.
John’s loathe to admit it, since it sounds like such a messed up idea, but Sherlock was right to suggest it. An open relationship. John doesn’t even really know what that means. And he’s pretty sure that whatever Sherlock and him are doing isn’t the traditional way to do it - real couples have sex, don’t they? Or at the very least touch each other every once in a while. But hey, it works. That’s the point, it works.
John’s aware that he’s out of place here, carrying the shopping. Dripping onto the furniture. His wet shoes sink into the deep carpet, and he rustles his bags loud enough that some of the geriatric men look up from their newspapers and brandies, and frown at the intrusion.
Mycroft loves Sherlock, without doubt. Only Sherlock would be so selfless right now, caring above and beyond. Mycroft loves William already and he does miss him, somehow. He wishes to care for him properly. And yes, he loves John. But they will manage that much between them as well.
Isn’t it obvious? “A test of my blood hormone levels, and physical evaluation, with an eye towards having a second child.”
Sherlock glances at Mycroft and wonders when he’ll start to insist that Violet looks respectable. Not now, not yet, but in a few years. How much will he ask of her? Especially if she might not quite be what the world wants her to be.
“No, I will have a C-section.” Did John think Mycroft would willingly endure this? Does John know him at all?
They did mean to have a conversation before any of this happened. Mycroft is not certain that he feels differently about it now, but his mood has shifted. He has no desire to deal with John proposing to start an affair because Sherlock suggested it. Whatever flirtation John might have in mind, Mycroft has no need for it.
Sherlock’s eyes are unfocused and glossy. He’s not even here, really. He’ll barely notice whether John came by or not.
“You’ve got three hours to design and execute a tattoo,” Mike instructs. “It can be anything of your choice; we are giving you total free rein. We just want to see you nail it. Show us what you’re really good at.”
John does, and he sends, “Revenge accomplished, I would qualify his reaction as an insulted gasp. Hope that helps a little. Feel any better? JW”
Sherlock eyes him and, unsure why he is even saying this, only that it feels bright on his tongue, says, “Please.”
“It’s just me, too.” John shifts, as if he is sitting on the sofa. “Sherlock’s on a case, something about a murder with an X-ray machine.”
Does Sherlock regret giving up the last few years of contact he could have had with Mummy? Did he do it for Violet’s sake, for Mycroft’s, or for his own? Is it just another thing bonding took from Sherlock, another sacrifice that he did not know he would be making?
John always wanted children - John always wanted the normal things. But now he’s asking for it in this way, and Sherlock can give this to him. Mycroft can. “John wants it.”
“All right.” She nods and makes a note in the file. “You can see the receptionist on the way out for an appointment.”
They’re discovered kissing by an elderly woman letting her dog out, but she simply tuts at them and leaves.
John goes on, sounding amused, “I guess when she’s older I’m going to have to give up my room, aren’t I? Can you imagine a teenager up there?”
Mycroft would never take months. He would not want to. As much as he loves Violet, being home with her constantly would be incredibly difficult. Mycroft is, and always will be, a much more natural leader and organiser than he is a parent.
They’re all chatting awkwardly. John hears a lot of “Where you from?” and “What shop you work at?” and “Easy journey down?”
The deal is every bit as tedious to negotiate as he had imagined, but he does get to insinuate a whole host of horrors the British Intelligence Agencies could arrange if crossed. Part of it is bluff, but he always enjoys these things.
John presses his fingers – two at once – into Sherlock Holmes’ round arse. He takes it like a champ. John’s fingers disappear inside of him without much effort. Sherlock breathes out softly, but he doesn’t look back at him, so it probably doesn’t even matter to him who John is at this point.
John looks at Mycroft again. Maybe he’s been sick for a while and couldn’t keep his suppressants down. He’s not close to a heat though, it doesn’t smell like it. Thank god. John wouldn’t want to deal with a Holmes in heat.
Then Violet picks a slice of melon from Sherlock’s plate and takes a bite out of it, and Mycroft says. “Violet, no. You can have a plate of your own.”
John works the dildo out of him carefully, but Mycroft barely feels it, his entire body is still pounding with the aftershocks of pleasure. John asks, “You okay?”
John tries to read a bit, but his mind wanders. He really does want to go over there and fuck Mycroft into the mattress.
When he nearly lost Violet, he had been calm, he remembers. Collected. He had been certain of his fate, and ready to accept it. He breathes through it.
Mycroft admits, “That might be prudent.” He attempts to look downwards between his legs, but he is still wearing a heavy coat and his stomach is in the way. He takes some toilet paper and dries off, which is rather futile.
Still, he can’t stop replaying the conversation with Mycroft in his mind. It felt so close to it. To
Sherlock cautiously angles the privacy screen in order to be certain that his client’s chest will not be filmed. The woman takes off her top, and Sherlock applies the stencil onto her skin. He is concentrating on making the lines appear entirely straight when she says, “The old woman in your book… The one you tattooed, with the scars.”
John can’t feel this the way he does - Sherlock does know that. John is not Mycroft’s alpha so he doesn’t feel all of this, but he should understand some of it. This is John’s child.
Instead of getting into it, John goes off again and gets back to work. He needs to worry about his tattoo and pulling the right lines, nothing else.
John gets up, and switches the kettle on. He can hear Mycroft ask Violet, completely seriously, “Have you had a good night?”
Sherlock didn’t mean it to be an insult. He looks at Mycroft and hates that he can’t… he can’t ever accomplish this with anyone. He cannot
Mycroft still has the back piece today. Sherlock doesn’t know why he didn’t simply have it lasered afterwards. Sentiment, maybe. Or glib satisfaction. Does Mycroft congratulate himself daily for Sherlock’s most recent sober streak? Likely.
Sherlock knows that he’ll never be able to fake everything for John, but he needs to try. He will give John all of himself, for as long as he can keep him.
Sherlock dutifully leans closer to John so he can receive a kiss on the cheek. He swallows against the heady rush of
He greets everyone, but John can hardly remember who’s who, he just says a series of quick hello’s and ‘thank you for coming.’ Greg ushers him through, and it all passes in a strange haze. Every minute seems to drag, but it’s also as if the day’s thundering ahead – no stopping it now, is there?
is shown. Sherlock predicted that Molly would succeed in capturing the feathers’ softness, and she did. The greys in her work are blended gently, almost dreamily. The bird’s feathers appear as if they could be ruffled.
He was unable to leave the flat because he couldn’t peel himself away from the embrace of the walls, but he also couldn’t escape the constant pull of thoughts, words, and ideas. His brain was whirring out of his skull, and he couldn’t stand to listen to a single word from anyone. So he needed them to come to him. Silently.
John showers, has breakfast, and puts a plate with a slice of buttered toast and a mug of tea next to Sherlock, who’s doing some in-depth thing with his laptop and doesn’t even look up.
Soo Lin nods. She’s not crying, but it’s a close call, John thinks. Molly’s not holding back nearly as much, she has tears rolling over her cheeks.
The waitress brings over a hot cuppa. And then a plate of bangers and mash. John tucks in, he feels like he hasn’t eaten in ages. He hasn’t, really - the last he remembers is eating a hurried handful of Violet’s animal biscuits sometime this morning.
“Yeah, but you didn’t, did you?” Janine seems more than ready to argue her way into staying. “You should have convinced your client to-”
But John hasn’t got anything to lose. Literally – not a thing. So he catches Sherlock’s eye, looks down at his chest and the scar there, and taps onto Sherlock’s hand in Morse code, “G-O-T . S-H-O-T”
More men come in, and everything blurs together. Sherlock is still being taken, or maybe it’s not still, maybe it’s a new arrival – he hasn’t been paying attention. Sherlock knows he’ll be sore tomorrow, but he loves this, just lying here, being used. He’s safe, too, because John... Oh,
John starts. He’d obviously forgotten that he offered. “Yeah, right.” He walks into the kitchen, leaving them alone.
They walk out into the corridor. It’s fine, until they’re a couple of paces in and walk past a nurse, who suddenly stumbles. Sherlock doesn’t stop, just keeps walking with fast strides that John can barely follow. He wants to say something like
More so than he had foreseen, which is a fact that troubles Mycroft. He had planned this down to the last detail, after all. But looking back at the time when he was only imagining this, it seems as if he was a different person altogether. He was
John slides his hands under Sherlock’s shirt, watches for his smile, and replies, “Yeah, if I try I’ll have you worshipping Christ in no time.”
Mycroft remembers being heavily pregnant, taking John’s hand and holding it to his stomach so John could feel Violet’s kicks.
Sherlock deduces at lightning speed - the building they’re standing in is condemned, that’s why they couldn’t take the stairs and do this up in the room where the lady was found, probably. Molly and Lestrade added the notes to the corpses and at the crime scene, it wouldn’t have been difficult. The specialists were bribed, clearly. Mycroft must have arranged that part.
Sherlock often has difficulty maintaining an erection or reaching orgasm, but he did both with the soldier. He remembers that orgasm and the intensity of it, and he wants to do it again on meth. He wants to be taken again, so badly.
Like a lot of the stuff that Sherlock says, John feels like he ought to argue that statement. But it’s more fun to just reply, “People are shit, really.”
They stand close in the lift. John can feel the heat of Sherlock’s shape next to him, and every part of him feels like it’s burning – guilt, shame, lust, he’s not even sure any more. Maybe it doesn’t matter.
“Soo Lin, you were the winner of the pin-up elimination challenge. That means that you can assign the teams.”
He can hear the urgent thudding of his heartbeat. He becomes aware that he has his arms wrapped around Mycroft’s shoulders, so tightly that it hurts, and as soon as he realises that, he can move away.
More than just uneasy, it seems unjust. Mycroft feels that he should at least suffer in some way or other in return for Sherlock’s sacrifice, but the uncomfortable truth is that the bonding moments themselves are shamefully pleasurable.
John remembers doing this on his stomach with James over him. Or on his knees, too. He should turn around, but he can’t, not anymore. Or not without pain, anyway. Yet another thing that doesn’t work the same way without a
“Is there enough space to work with?” John’s not really in the habit of checking out the back of his own legs, he only vaguely remembers what’s even on there.
“I think it’s rather great!” Janine quickly defends herself. She smiles for the camera, but Sherlock can tell that she knows she made a mistake.
He’s going to gather his energy, wait until Sherlock comes back, and then he’s going to suck him. Not out of some sense of duty or reparation. No, John wants to suck him badly. He’ll do it slow. He wants to see Sherlock’s eyes close, his head tilt back, and his throat work while he heavily swallows back absolute pleasure. John wants to taste the musk of him. He wants to know what Sherlock’s cock feels like, lying heavy on his tongue. John wants to lick Sherlock’s come off his cockhead and suck him slowly. John’s here for
Sherlock plays with Violet, and John shuffles along with them and holds her hand. Sherlock wants to ask him why he got so drunk, but he’s not certain he should. Was John just trying to find a date? Or something else? John wouldn’t leave. He can’t, he won’t, now that they have another baby coming.
He shakes his head. “Don’t know, man. That was hard. I’m not used to all that colour. I’d rather do blackwork.”
There’s a hint of longing in John’s voice as he says it. Does he want to go do that with Violet himself? Sherlock’s not certain whether he read that right, but he offers, “We can go together next week.”
Then again, that is exactly what both Sherlock and John seem to think. And Mycroft does have to admit that it did work when they had this arrangement earlier, it is just that he cannot help but want to plan this. To arrange it, to make it all seem managed and orderly in his mind, so that it does not feel as overwhelming as it truly is.
Oh. John would have been much better suited to the colour work. Then again, that is likely the point of Molly’s choice, Sherlock assumes. She probably believes that the deep and warm colours will be a challenge for him to tattoo. She is not entirely wrong.
John takes the tube. He gets sucked along with the stream of commuters, wet coats and the damp, blasting heat. He stands in a car surrounded by men in suits, a young couple with awkward backpacks, and a group of elderly Indian women, and holds on.
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson reaches out, and she hugs all of them in turn - even Mycroft, who pulls a faintly disturbed face - while saying, “That’s lovely! Just like you, John, dear. Oh, look at you!” The last is said towards Mycroft’s stomach.
Sherlock is not sure how much time has passed after Mycroft’s departure, he’s thinking about cell division, when John asks, cautiously, “So, how are you feeling about that then?”
Mycroft asked the nanny to come earlier, and goes to the hospital before work. The implantation itself is very short, and nearly painless. It carries with it a sense of shame, naturally. It is deeply undignified to lie there with his bare legs covered by a sheet, and to wait for it. It is a strange, clinical parody of sex. His body, already prepared by his carefully injected daily doses of hormones, contracts around the metal when it enters him.
John tattoos fast and steady for the next hour or so. He’s not rushing, but he’s getting that ink in there solid.
John tried to watch that show once and gave up after ten minutes. He doesn’t like Jim much, nor his flashy tattooing. He is in a full dress suit though - John’s starting to feel a bit underdressed.
John’s voice changes, “Look, I know that you… I know, all right? But you still need to eat. Drink. It’s going to be a day or two before it’s out of your system.”
Lawyer, forty-one, alpha. Something completely different, but John had been hoping that an alpha, well. She does kiss him back, and promises a second date. But then John has to cancel once because they have a case, and a second time because Violet has a rash and a fever and he doesn’t want to leave Sherlock alone, and she never replies again.
John glances at him. “That’s why you’re here too, then? The challenge?” He seems to want to know the answer.
Some days John thinks that she’s going to end up being the closest thing, probably. The closest thing to having had one of his own.
Sherlock is bent close to him, so John touches Sherlock’s shoulder to push him away. Sherlock moves, but only slowly, and his eyes are still closed, so John says, without thinking, “You okay?”
On Tuesday, they walk through Regent Street and see the lights. Sherlock is not convinced that Violet even notices. She’s very distracted by the masses of people passing them by, but John seems convinced that this is a necessary activity. She is transfixed by the window display at Hamleys toy shop though, and they spend a good hour in there letting her look at everything and pulling her away from the more delicate and dangerous toys.
The only other thing that John can think of is the obvious one - Mara. And it’s not like that’s going well at all.
John smiles a bit in return. They get out on the second floor, and Mycroft leads the way into an ornate room with a table set for two in the middle. It’s actually lunch.
As soon as Violet sees him, though, she yells excitedly. John takes her from Mycroft, gives her a kiss, and then lets her down, and keeps a hold of her hand.
It was John himself who brought it up. Addiction. Of course it would be a behaviour that is familiar to him. Escaping through alcohol seems to be the preferred solution to any problem in John’s family background.
Sherlock turns away from his client and strides towards the tall chairs on the other side of the studio. John follows. He glances at him, concern in his eyes.
Or well, not this one, anyway. Sherlock... right. John looks down at his hands. His bathrobe sleeves have small holes in them. It’s the same one he wore here, in Baker Street. Five years ago.
There’s only a good case a couple of times a year now that Moriarty’s network is completely out of business.
He gets off at Westminster. The rain has picked up. It’s dark, and the streets are shining with water and car lights leaving long light trails on the road.
He puts the dildo aside, moves to the other side of the bed, and, before he can think of cleaning up, falls asleep.
And then throws her head back and laughs as she sees a seagull through the window. She cranes her neck and follows its flight for as long as she can.
In the end, she pairs John up with an older man who wants a Gypsy head on his thigh, so John thinks she did him a favour. Or, more likely, that Janine thinks that he isn’t competition to her at all, which is fine. It does make more sense for her to try and get rid of the big names first, like Raz and Sherlock. Soo Lin’s proper talented, too, from what John’s heard.
There are people everywhere. Playing children, sunshine, water, trees and birds, and Mycroft feels entirely out of his element. But John keeps on walking, then steers them to a bench and takes Violet out of the stroller. John tells her, “You can play, but not far, okay?”
John laughs reading it. “Say no? I never would. I’m an idiot sometimes, but not that much of one. I love the hell out of you. J”
Sherlock leans over and slightly adjusts the strap on Mycroft’s shoulder so he is carrying William more evenly, and Mycroft takes a slow breath that seems to warm his chest.
It’s odd how Sherlock doesn’t notice the way people respond to him. He can pull everyone’s eye in a room without even thinking he’s getting a glance. He can be warm, when he wants to be. Even when he’s not, really. Sherlock’s scathing but real, so real in who he is. Unapologetically.
“All right.” John follows as Sherlock walks upstairs quickly. The steps disappear under his feet in years of muscle memory. Being small here, playing. Gangly teenage moments, stomping off. The rare returns as an adult, careful and silent.
They are waiting, idly aroused together, and it is one of the best things Sherlock has ever felt. His entire body feels sensitised while they are lingering in this state purposefully, waiting for more.
, he could pull away from John’s grip without even trying much, he could go back and take that omega, claim him, he could…
“You have the rest of the day to sketch and meet with your canvasses. And then six hours to tattoo a realistic black and grey animal tomorrow.”
wedding too, yeah? Go crazy with the, I don’t know, the colour scheme, or the candles, or Violet’s dress if that’s what you want. I just want…” - and that’s when he can feel a wave of excitement himself - “I want everyone there when I put that ring on your finger.”
Is John somehow finding this amusing? Mycroft eyes him carefully, but with John he is rarely completely certain of anything. He takes a moment to search for the bottle and to pour a glass for John. Only a finger, as Mycroft does not expect him to stay very long. By the time he returns, John is sitting in a chair.
Another beer, and he grabs some nuts, too. Half-watches cricket on the TV with the sound turned off, his mind still reeling, but it’s being softened by the alcohol.
The voices of the others echo through the large space. Sherlock listens to them while he free-hands the outline of a dragon head on the bonnet of the car. Raz and Bainbridge are affirming each other endlessly while they design a – predictably – graffiti inspired piece together.
Sherlock’s voice is warm, and that alone is enough, John thinks. To see him for a bit longer, to have him here, both of them going through the exact same thing.
That makes Mycroft look at him again, and he decides that perhaps Anthea had a point. If they are to find a new kind of equilibrium then Mycroft can make this about the one thing he knows they all care for. He lets Violet play and walks to Sherlock’s door.
Sherlock wants to keep John here forever. On the edge of this, because John looks at him as if he trusts him, now. As if he thinks that this will go well. And Sherlock already knows that it won’t, because he won’t be enough. He can fake it, and maybe he can learn enough to make it last for a while, but it won’t work.
Mycroft occasionally thinks back to those first weeks. When everything was a haze of missed sleep, and pain and misery. When he, deep down, was doubting that he could ever be a loving parent. Or a good one.
John says, “Yeah, but not all of us carry off an umbrella quite that dashingly. I’m too short to twirl, for one. JW“
“Yes.” Sherlock has thought about this extensively. “When Violet is older, so she’ll grow up with it.” He eyes John and hopes for a positive reaction.
John comes over and briefly lays a hand on his shoulder as he leans to look at the pictures. John breathes in a shaking breath, and then says, “Yeah. All right. You’re right, that’s it.”
Mycroft is not entirely certain why he is doing this. Except that he suspects that John was right and that Sherlock wants to see her. “The nanny can drop her off at six, and I will pick her up at eight. But only if you are not too busy, of course.”
John gets a good talking-to from the resident therapist after that session, something about ‘sticking to the program’s guidelines.’ But John slips the lieutenant Lestrade’s number anyway.
Henry, still paying more attention than Mycroft would want him to, says, “It has been a pleasure to meet Doctor Watson, Mister Holmes.” He is clearly curious, expecting Mycroft to define their relationship to one another.
“But how do you let him go like that? It’s just, they kiss in front of you, too. Doesn’t it make you… sad?”
It does feel strange, this. Sitting down and making plans with the three of them. Not that it wasn’t before, but it’s like they’re actually being a functioning family, of sorts.
that he is back on the hormones, he can smell or taste or feel it - Mycroft has to hold back not to shout at him to not even say it.
“I am going to pick someone else.” Molly puts the golden skull back and selects another. She turns it over. “Janine.”
“You liked it. John kissing you.” Mycroft wasn’t pretending, Sherlock is almost certain of it. He’s never seen Mycroft look like that. Soft, in his pleasure.
John gives up on the thought of doing anything of the sort, and just falls down into his chair. Sherlock speaks from behind his pillow, “Headache.”
John pushes the empty stroller, and Violet walks between them. She insists on holding a hand from each of them, and Mycroft would almost find it touching, if it wasn’t somewhat awkward as well. John isn’t his partner, which is exactly what everyone who sees them like this thinks, Mycroft is certain of it. He is not used to this, being one of the public. In fact, he would prefer to never be. But Violet certainly enjoys this. And John’s presence is, as ever, pleasant.
Sherlock’s heat was... well, the way all heats tend to be. Sherlock’s scent was like a blanket covering the flat. John could hear Sherlock groaning and moaning in his room and moving on the bed in quick thrusts. Sherlock whimpered and groaned. Begged John to sedate him, to make it stop.
“This what you want?” John sounds as if he is falling apart still, his voice shifting between anger and something a moment from crying again.
Oh, no. Did Sherlock take that conversation at Violet’s birthday party to mean anything more than it did? “That will not be an issue.” Mycroft adds, for clarity, “I am not considering another pregnancy, Sherlock. Not now, or at any time.” He is really quite done.
A woman with brown hair and black henna-inspired face work comes over from her little shop across the studio and says, “Janine, hello. What’s your specialty?”
He rents a van, and with Mary’s help John loads up his tattooing bench and gear, his inks and his appointment books, as well as two bin bags worth of clothes, his army duffel bag, and his gun.
He checks the website sporadically for days. Eventually, the same ad pops up again. It stays up for a full thirty minutes before it disappears, and John watches it the entire time. He can’t take his eyes off the screen. 55 Montague Street isn’t far from where John is sitting right now. Even with the cane, it’s no more than a ten minute walk.
Sherlock stumbles out of the bedroom about an hour later, looking bleary-eyed and worried, and John shushes him, “He’s sleeping, he’s fine.”
John reaches out, tangles his fingers with Sherlock’s, and touches his ring. At times it still feels weird to see it there. “I’m marrying
But there is something about lying back, and speaking like that, as if there is nothing but the words between them. Sherlock lays his hand on Violet’s small stomach to calm her, and feels her every deep breath in and out while John smiles over a memory from his childhood.
John was thinking just Regent’s Park, but then Violet does love them all. John’s not sure whether that’s the result of taking her out all the time as a baby and she just grew into it, or whether she’s really that fascinated with trees and grass and water by nature. It’s pretty much her number one thing to do. Especially if she can run around and get dirty. So he suggests, “St. James’ Park? JW”
Mycroft takes a controlled breath on the other side of the line, then says, “My apologies for not asking earlier, but may I bring Violet to spend the night?”
The next moment they’re being photographed, and then surrounded on all sides with well-wishes and comments. John smiles at everyone, then raises his voice, “Everyone who wants to come along, the party’s that way!”
It’s morning, when finally the gynaecologist comes around. She’s a middle-aged Indian woman, who Mycroft introduces as “Doctor Bharat Mehta.” Her hand feels cold as she shakes John’s. She stays away from Sherlock - she’s an alpha, it’s obvious in the way that Sherlock straightens up and gives her a murderous look.
He doesn’t speak, and Sherlock is glad of it. John clearly thinks he’s upset that Mummy died. John thinks that Sherlock is falling apart because he just attended her funeral, and because he should realise that it is forever and that her death should make him feel alone.
But on the cab ride there, John seems oddly nervous. His hand is shaking a bit. Sherlock’s not sure why, there is no plausible reason he can deduce except potential worry about this case, but then John’s hardly ever
Sherlock lets out a faint grumble and turns around in the bed. John allows Violet to lie down between them, and she does doze off again.
He moves his hand upwards, pushes his cock through the ring of his thumb and finger. He uses his whole hand to stroke himself slow, and get a feel for it again. It feels good -
It is because of Sherlock that he made it to this point, and Mycroft is deeply aware of that. Uncomfortably so, at times. He wanted this for himself, he knew that he would bear the burden, but now part of it has fallen on Sherlock, and it is an uneasy feeling to have this much to thank him for.
Later that night, John texts Mycroft. “Thanks for suffering through that. It’s important to Sherlock, I think. Plus, I kinda liked it. J”
Mycroft breathes in, and faces him. John’s eyes are sympathetic. It is the last thing Mycroft wishes to see, and yet he cannot look away from him. “It did not, no.”
Mycroft assumes that Lestrade is attempting to offer his sympathy for the situation, but he is not entirely certain what to answer. Violet is in bed, safe and sound. William is right there, being included in what must be one of the most significant moments of John’s and Sherlock’s relationship. Mycroft is not certain his own emotional state is relevant, or even existent at this moment.
Sherlock sits down onto the single chair by the bed and commences the story even before John sits down. “It started with a postcard.”
It’s not like Sherlock ever did anything to… Okay, yeah. He did, but not... Well, not really, it’s never… John sighs.
be ashamed, he knows that much. But mainly he wants to get down to the lobby early enough that he can catch Sherlock alone.
Mycroft has grown to respect John throughout the years, even be somewhat fond of him. He trusts John with Violet without doubt, but it is a whole different question to consider John as a father for his child. There is intelligence to consider, genetics - John is a beta, naturally. There are characteristics to think about.
When he reaches the grand, well-secured door, John can’t help but remember all the times he’s come out of it at six in the morning with a giant grin on his face because he’s just had some of the best sex of his life. He went
John comes closer, sits next to him on the sofa, and glances at his mouth. John wants to kiss him, Sherlock thinks. So he does it himself - leans forward, and kisses him.
Mycroft glances at John. He does not mean to be rude to John, but this is not what he had intended. John gives him a hand up as he gets out of the car. The driver looks at them, waiting for instructions, and John says, “I think you’re done for tonight, right?”
Mycroft fights the urge to shake his head at them, but he cannot help but feel some merriment as well. He has not succeeded in surprising Sherlock like that in a good twenty years. Sherlock is still laughing, glancing back at him as he runs slowly so John can catch them.
“Hey, thank your man Sherlock, yeah? We didn’t win, but he still did us good, pairing us up,” Raz tells John.
And then there’s a small knock on the half-opened door. Mycroft is standing in the doorway. “My apologies for disturbing you.” He does look sorry. “But I would rather like to leave.”
Mycroft turns to look at him. “Would it be indecent of me to offer you oral sex on the morning of your wedding, or would you consider it to be an early wedding gift?”
And all those evenings when John watched Sherlock with a newborn Violet and it broke his heart that she wasn’t his, that she wasn’t Mary’s kid, that it wasn’t what he’d hoped for and expected and needed… it’s all kind of laughing at him now.
“Oh.” Molly smiles, clearly uncomfortable with the subject itself, but also very eager to show that she is all right with it. “That’s… nice.”
John comes up behind him, still talking to Lestrade, “Well, this is a special one, isn’t it? Who’d murder someone like this?”
Mycroft is fully content living alongside Sherlock and John and raising his family. More than content - it has been an unexpected blessing. So then why would this matter to him? Why would it cost him anything to say no? Because the kissing was surprisingly intimate? As Sherlock rightly deduced, Mycroft has not been touched in many years. And he has not allowed anyone close to his mind or his heart in just as many, so of course a kiss now would be meaningful to him.
attempting to be kind. Sherlock knows that, but he is also aware that she won’t understand. Of course it hurts. Every single time. But then it feels right when John smiles, too. Or when Sherlock catches a rare look of deep fondness on Mycroft’s face. When he can smell their scents mingled together when he bonds.
Sherlock does not know how to reply. He cannot see the work of the others, so he does not know how well his own attempt compares to theirs.
The needle hooks into his flesh, and Sherlock steadily breathes in and out. He tattoos the small letters slowly, treasuring every shiver of stinging pain.
Howard’s is really shaky. It’s obvious as soon as they see it on the screen. Irene says delicately, “I think you let your nerves get to you.”
John wanders home in the middle of the night, opens the fridge and eats two apples, then a tin of beans on toast, then some cheese. He thinks about buying beer, tomorrow. He hasn’t had a beer in ages.
Frankly put, now that his body is reminded of what it feels like, Mycroft craves it. Often he lies in bed at night, nearly every night alone, and feels himself pulse with need.
Sherlock comes to hours later, lying there in the complete dark. He would think that he hallucinated the presence of the soldier, except that he is covered with a blanket. But the soldier didn’t stay. Sherlock is still alone. So it’s easier, to text his dealer for more. To shut out the world and be nothing for a blissful series of days.
Work is as stressful as ever, since everyone wishes to take off for the holidays as if the work of governing a country simply stops for two weeks in the middle of winter because they all agree on it. Mycroft despises this period, he truly does. The insistence of merriment and some sort of winter ideal of family and cosiness. The laughable decorations, the lights, the scents, the fake snow - because of course it does not actually snow in London on Christmas.
Anthea comes by with a pile of files. She keeps the conversation strictly on work, and Mycroft is deeply grateful for it. It is what he needs right now, something to even out the torrents of emotion that seem to want to pull him under.
take his hand. But again, no reason to be jealous, it’s different. John tried not to take it personally. But ever since then… Mycroft just doesn’t seem to want him anywhere near.
The old woman who was with Sherlock is now happily inspecting Irene’s tattoos, John can hear her say, “I’ve got a chest piece too, you know. Sherlock did it for me.”
John can feel his heart thrum in a weird thump-thump as the inner church doors open. Molly is there, holding Violet’s hand. They’re in matching bright yellow outfits, and Violet has a basket of rose petals to throw.
“It’s probably hard, yeah? Sherlock’s your bonded, and John, seeing them get married…” Lestrade seems unsure of how to best finish his statement.
They do not seem surprised at all to see him do this. Instead it’s, “Mycroft! Merry Christmas. And Violet, oh!” Miss Hooper reaches out to take her.
is shown. Even though she chose the easiest design to accomplish, the whole effect of this hand-tapped work is rather rough. Sherlock does not much like it.
John is embarrassing himself, that’s what he is doing. He tells Sherlock, “This can’t be all that hot for you.”
“No, thanks, but we’re fine.” John grins at Sherlock, “If this makes me the omega staying home to raise the kids, please don’t tell me.”
Mycroft walks to where he can see Inspector Lestrade wandering around with a cup of coffee. “Where is he?”
By seven, John pulls himself together and ventures downstairs. He’s thinking he’ll spend the evening talking to Sherlock again. Maybe hearing more about the cases he mentioned.
Sherlock’s body reacted before John was there at the idea of it, so he thought that perhaps he could stay hard. Sherlock tried to kiss John himself, so that he didn’t have to feel the interplay of his tongue and lips too intensely. Sherlock thought that if he overwhelmed John, John would come quickly, and that it would be over then. That John would be happy.
Well! John’s ready to move in an instant. Sherlock goes first, and John leaves the door open behind them. If William starts crying, they’ll hear him.
“No.” Maybe it’d be easier if he was, John thinks. If it had all been some late in life revelation. “It’s… both. For me. I like both. Always have.”
John waits for him by the public lavatories, taking shelter from the rain. “Do you want to stay here?” John is breathing hard, but still smiling. There are raindrops on his face.
It is the thought that he might faint and leave Violet unsupervised in the house that causes him to call Sherlock.
marry you first, then ask your brother to marry me on our wedding night. That’s probably a record of sorts.” That ring had been burning a hole in his pocket the whole evening.
His wry joking calms something in Sherlock, and he would like to stay right here with John all day, instead of return to his own work. But Sherlock cannot linger.
Their band has heard. They start playing the first notes of their opening dance. In the end, Sherlock chose a slow version of a classic, knowing John would think it romantic.
Eventually he can’t stop it, and he jerks himself off again, unfeeling, the jets of hot sperm dripping off the head of his penis. It doesn’t help a thing. None of it
So after a few minutes more of John massaging him and an indolent series of kisses, Mycroft bends a leg and presses himself back into John’s hand, more adventurous than he has been before, clearer, in this dark cocoon of sheets.
, Sherlock had dragged him onto a crime scene, and John was looking at him as if the sun shone out of his arse.”
The mattress is terrible, the pillow too low, there is a window at a wrong angle and it is nowhere near the luxury of Mycroft’s own bed.
His body seems entirely unfamiliar still, but he feels very little of it now most of the pain is gone. He feels as if he is outside of himself. His stomach is loose skin. The scar of his caesarean is healing into a straight, red line. His stretch marks are slowly fading.
What? “You don’t need my permission.” Sherlock is Mycroft’s brother, John’s got nothing to do with it.
John is sitting turned towards them. He is watching steadily, and Sherlock feels a rush of warmth for him when their eyes meet.
John does, and puts the cake on the table. He is still looking around, at the fire place, the books, some specific titles, perhaps. Mycroft would tell him about his first editions if he was not certain that John is not at all interested in the topic. In fact, although Mycroft has spent many hours at Baker Street, it feels strangely intrusive to see John sitting here, in his home. “Can I offer you some tea?”
He should probably be freaking out a bit about that around now, but weirdly, he’s not. John’s sort of looking forward to it, really. He feels nothing like that slow, nauseating wave of fear that even thinking about marrying Mary had brought.
John comes home and talks about the veteran’s centre as if he liked it. “Some nice guys, yeah.” And “I’m trying out twice a week - something else, you know?”
Sherlock doesn’t watch. He picks up his violin instead and starts the first melody that comes to mind. It’s slow and sweet. The long, dragging notes always remind him of John.
That sounds sensible enough, but John has to tell him, “You’re going to have to do either my neck or my hands.”
It’s definitely been worse, hasn’t it? Mourning Sherlock for years and then Mary leaving, it’s been hell, so this is fine. Except... Well.
“He has no serious breathing problems, he was suckling already, he just needs to gain some strength to…”
The next week, Mycroft goes to Baker Street, sits down on the sofa, and Sherlock wordlessly curls up behind him and leans in to bond.
. It’s right out of a damn porno, and John can’t stop this. He can’t. He comes, white blobs of come gush over Sherlock’s cheeks and nose and eyes and forehead. Some come drips over his lips. It’s decadent as fuck, like a punch to the gut, like the best damn thing that has ever happened to him. Sherlock traces his fingers over John’s cock and milks out the last drops, then licks them off.
John must see his face because he says, “Everyone you meet is attracted to you. Betas just don’t get that kind of treatment, Sherlock. Or omegas, actually, god knows what Mycroft had to do to get that high of a position.”
“You are an outstanding artist, Soo Lin Yao.” Sherlock sounds solemn when he turns towards her. “Do not let this result interfere with your career. Your Oriental work is exceptional.”
John seems aroused in all ways, Sherlock notes. John has a flush on his face, his breathing has quickened, and his pupils are enlarged. Sherlock could take his pulse, but it is more interesting to feel John’s penis, and to take it fully into his hand.
He takes the tube to Westminster. As he walks out, it starts to rain. It figures - just the way he remembers.
As they walk back to the hotel, Raz comes up to him. “Hey, we had to give her to someone, and we thought…”
It’s happened a lot in the last two weeks, of course it bloody has - considering he’s not getting any and Sherlock has been so temptingly, gratifyingly, amazingly close. John takes another deep sniff.
Sherlock eyes John. He found him in the lobby already accompanied by both Molly and Janine, so they were not able to speak much.
Mycroft gets a text back that reads, “Oh dear god I am never drinking again. Ever. Again. JW” and Mycroft smiles.
Mycroft can see the wisdom of being looked over by a general physician, even if it is just to put his own mind at ease. “All right.”
Mycroft honestly has not given it any thought himself - he is too busy with Violet, thinking of her needs, first. He truly does not have time for a second. He says, “Frankly, I do not believe that I have the energy to parent two children.” It is true. “Let alone the desire to go through it again.”
“Do my hands,” John counters. He spent months imagining Sherlock’s work there and regretting he didn’t go for it. “My neck, too. I’m a bloody
The judges confer, and then announce, “The winners of the flash challenge are… Bainbridge and John!”
John dribbles more lube onto his fingers, and then pushes back in. He uses three fingers, like it’s Sherlock’s cock. Then four. All he needs is a bit more and he’s ready. As he moves them, he can hear himself, the sloppy, wet sound.
“I am looking for a complete cover of the entire scar, with detailed linework. You are not simply covering but also distracting the eye away from the scarring.” Jim has a glint in his eyes when he studies them all closely. “I expect a masterpiece!”
“My client’s fussy. She didn’t want a snake, I had to tell her it’ll suit her over and over. Yours?”
But it’s more than that. It’s about who Sherlock is. It’s about who John can be when he’s here with him.
They leave their food mostly uneaten, and the drinks still full, but John doesn’t care. He knows Sherlock doesn’t, either. None of that matters, none of the pretence. John just wants to feel Sherlock’s body next to his own. That’s what he wants to do with every single hour of this last night.
It’s the most un-sexy place John has ever planned a wank, pretty much. But hey, that’s the deal here.
Mycroft makes an abrupt sound at it, and reality falls back into him. Sherlock stops, what is he doing, it’s
John doesn’t mind the chance to go out with her by himself for once. They sit in the sunshine. Then do some shopping, since there’s nothing left in their fridge but what Mrs. Hudson thought to bring them.
John’s apparent sadness lingers on in his mind. Sherlock wants to consider it and its meaning, but he cannot allow himself the distraction. Not now.
He speeds up his hand. Part of John wants Sherlock to hear this, the frantic sounds of his hand on his cock, and know it’s not for him. Get angry about it, maybe.
Sherlock says that they’re going out to dinner, and when they turn up at La Gavroche, John is surprised first, suspicious second, and then sort of bizarrely pleased.
John claimed that sex is not a necessity to him, but the truth is that Mycroft feels just as incapable of providing John with the other things he requested. Texting, going out on Sundays, being there for the children, sleeping over, talking - Mycroft paid close attention to what John mentioned and he will do his very best to provide each one, but what he fears is the expectation behind it.
Sherlock swallows. He is sitting on the edge of the shallow pool, the hard lines of the filter underneath his swim shorts. The shrill echoes of playing children all around them. Water lapping haphazardly over his feet.
Mycroft immediately thinks through various options - John is simply expressing a caring sentiment. John is being generous, trying to
, the donor. A baby of John’s, here, with them. John’s smile on a child’s face. John saying, ‘yes, she’s mine’ when they’re out. A baby that smells both like Sherlock’s and John’s... The repercussions pile up the longer he thinks on it - it feels like puzzle pieces slotting together.
Sherlock says, “Good evening.” He’s completely serious, not a note of hilarity in his low baritone. “I am your uncle.” He hesitates. “Sherlock Holmes.” He nods at her. “It is an honour to meet you.”
But now, Sherlock has been reading the baby books, and looking up on YouTube how to change a nappy. He’s preparing in all seriousness, and John has to admit that besides the occasional sting of memory, it’s amusing. Because it’s one thing to see Sherlock use that great brain of his to deduce a crime scene, but it’s quite another to hear him say with the same amount of seriousness, “A newborn has a very fragile skull, John.” As if it’s brand new information.
Instead of showing anger - which is the usual reaction to Sherlock’s bluntness – John calmly looks back and asks, “Is this you trying to intimidate me, then?”
Sherlock spends the whole drive looking out of the window, and on one occasion, taking Violet’s sock when she throws it at him to get his attention, and puts it back on her foot. By the time that they’re home, she’s mostly fallen asleep from the movement of the car. Mycroft takes her inside, seat and all, hoping that she will stay quiet for a while.
He does not hear the rest of the story, but he can imagine what happened well enough. Mycroft does not laugh about it to John’s face, but he does smile later thinking about it.
But Mycroft does seem tired. He’s not exactly glowing. He’s been irritable the last few times he saw him, too. Sherlock tries, “You’re unhappy?”
It does not ease Mycroft’s guilt. Having two children, having carried them inside of him and wanted them so deeply, and now feeling so little is reproachable.
Sherlock nods, and disappears into his room, giving John a perfect view of his arse in the process because fine - John isn’t a saint and
Mike says, “All right, let’s see how everyone did.” The other two judges appear and join Mike for the critique.
Mycroft is entirely willing to go to his knees again, but John pushes him backwards onto the bed instead and asks, “Kiss me? Just kiss me and…” He takes Mycroft’s hand and puts it on himself.
Mycroft replies, “I have some minor incidents that could be investigated, yes. I will bring the files tonight. MH”
He is entirely naked and sporting an erection, but then the purpose of this was clear enough, Sherlock believes. He opens the door and simply extends an arm.
Mycroft does not know what to say. He does not enjoy social gatherings of any kind, let alone to celebrate Christmas. But he can see the slightly expectant way in which Sherlock is leaning forward. And John’s open, friendly expression. He is not being invited out of politeness, or for show, they actually want him to be there. And what would it really be, a couple of hours of listening to dull conversation? Eating some of Mrs. Hudson’s creations, and perhaps a drink or two?
John comes home to Sherlock changing Violet’s nappy. They’re in the bathroom so John can hear Sherlock’s voice. “All clean!”
John’s seen addicts craving a hit before. No matter how long it’s been, it’s still there, John guesses. So he called in a favour.
He’s been trying to do that. Either to be supportive, or to remind him that he can deduce how his dates went, John’s not sure. He can see the flicker of sadness in Sherlock’s eyes every time though. “Oh no, we got along.”
Sherlock hurriedly finds a pair of latex gloves, pours his black ink, and says evenly, “This location will likely be extremely painful.”
Sherlock is instantly wary. He scans John, signs of stress, some fatigue, not happiness. Does he have a girlfriend? Is that it? “Why?”
“They were in love from that first case, it just took them a while to get here, but I think… Yeah, I always knew they would.”
Mycroft stops by twice, tipped off in some way by his behavioural pattern. Sherlock doesn’t let him in either time.
He undresses and prepares himself. Sherlock’s humping his fingers, already desperate for it, by the time someone comes in. It’s not the soldier, but a Tesco cashier with wide eyes and a thick circumcised cock. Sherlock leans his head down, his arse up, and he aches and shivers into bliss.
“It falls a bit flat,” Irene adds. “Her expression, the make-up. I can see your technicality, but it doesn’t pull together in this.”
Mycroft returned from Regent’s Park thirty-five minutes ago, but he is still looking at the same file he picked up when he first sat down.
Dammit. John wants to suck him. Drugs or no, HIV or no, god - speaking or not speaking. Just one more thing left on that bucket list, yeah?
John kisses him on the side of his face. It is a very gentle press of lips, but Mycroft instinctively tilts his head towards John to catch his lips, and John laughs, then kisses him properly. Mycroft’s stomach contracts at the feeling.
Mycroft stares at his phone. John ‘loves’ that he has freckles? It’s in the context of the conversation, Mycroft knows, John is simply joking. John does in fact know much more of him than most people do, but then Mycroft doubts that John even realises that.
The only lettering Sherlock has on his own body is next to an old scar on his ankle. He tattooed it after a night spent on a bench outside Regent’s Park and being awoken by the enthusiastic barking of a Red Setter. Her wet nose bumped his cheek, and Sherlock went home and tattooed it there, freehand.
“You joined a reality TV show out of boredom?” John smiles, showing a soft spark in his eyes. “You might regret that.”
John looks at Sherlock. He’s still sitting on the floor, bent over his work - he likely didn’t even hear the announcement. He’s definitely not going to stop, so John takes a sarnie and a cuppa and brings it over to him.
Sherlock wants to apologise for forgetting about the lying John had to do right here to Mary. For all of it. Especially as John looks so softly at him right now, so caring. But he can’t say all of that here, so he clamps onto John’s arm, soundlessly asking him for forgiveness.
Sherlock turned around and asked John to fuck him. He tried to draw it out as long as he could. John tried to feel everything possible in that one go, every sliver of feeling.
Mycroft is very aware that they should not do this here, in Baker Street. But John helps unbutton his trousers, Mycroft pushes them down, and John does not waste a moment. He leans down, and Mycroft has to bite his lip in order not to make a sound.
When they’re walking back home, John says, something sour in his voice, “It’s been five years now. Since the pink lady.”
It is only his own belief in this that still shocks Mycroft. Not that it is happening, but that he is slowly but surely settling into the thought of its continuity. Perhaps it is because they are being clear about what they are asking. They all have committed to this, after all. To each other. Mycroft cannot define it precisely, only that it no longer feels like a choice that he is ill-equipped to make.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows. John is very clear in his description, more so than Mycroft would have thought. “You are being quite effective in distracting me. M”
But John says, tiredly, “Sherlock, come on, we’ll be back tomorrow.” As if he doesn’t know. He doesn’t
The smell of garlic and tomato sauce is heavy on the air. He’s hungry, it’s a great atmosphere, and he’s glad to be here.
between Mycroft and Sherlock. They’re discussing Tower Bridge. Parliament. The National Portrait Gallery.
For now, it’s good being home. John’s getting the chance to play with Violet and to relax with Sherlock - it feels like a holiday. And dammit, John needed one. He’s not even sure why he worked as a GP for as long as he did since he never really liked it all that much. Maybe they can get by with just cases after this, or he can find work somewhere else. Either way, he’s not going to start until after the baby’s here, which feels like an eternity right now.
Mycroft watches John and Sherlock move together on the dance floor, and he suspects that Sherlock has dreamed of this moment for years. After all that strife, all of Sherlock’s pain and doubts, they are here, dancing together, absorbed in one another.
Mycroft looks to the backseat, but both Sherlock and Violet are gone. John says, “We stopped at Baker Street, you missed it. Violet was asleep, too. Sherlock said he’s keeping her tonight.”
Mycroft stays away a bit more because of it, John thinks, and he’s surprised that Sherlock doesn’t comment on it. But when he does, he says, “It’s because of me.”
John doesn’t look up from his drawing; he was working on a tricky line. “Do I want to know what you’re thinking?”
It is a slow shedding of layers, and it is not particularly sexual, but Sherlock finds himself eager to see each bit of skin revealed. Each flash of ink as well, adding to the puzzle that is John in his mind.
John lets him. He’s too sated to move. He’s a mess of lube and come and he feels like he’s sinking into the mattress with that orgasm.
A reason… Mycroft raises his eyebrows, and tries very hard not to feel a pang of desire at the sheer
That seems to set Sherlock off, who huffs an ‘oomph!’ as he rolls onto the floor, and then laughs, too.
John can honestly say, “Me, too. Good challenge.” He grabs a cheese and pickle sarnie and looks at Soo Lin, sitting across from them. “You knew how to do it then?”
Janine comments quickly, “I don’t think mine was the worst out there, or Bainbridge’s.” She throws a look at Raz. “Not at all.”
Most people seem a bit on edge now. There’s some healthy laughter, but they all want to know who’s going home after this and who isn’t. John goes to the bathroom, then endures some more chatting. Molly’s nervous about her work, even though she really shouldn’t be. Janine is pretending to be more confident than she is - there are some shaky lines in there. John looks for Sherlock, but he has disappeared. Off to take a smoke break, maybe?  He looks like he might be a smoker.
There’s a silence while they both look at Violet play. A couple of minutes in, she’s literally run over by another kid. They’re both ready to get her in case she starts crying, but she simply blinks and pushes herself up again. And then screeches with laughter when the same kid tries to push her down again.
Mycroft finds it a bizarre thing to be complimented on, but it feels like a compliment none the less. Something good, to be shared.
John tried to eat something from the impressively filled fridge, but he gave up after half a piece of toast. He showered, then shaved in Mycroft’s spotless bathroom mirror and tried to get his freshly-cut hair into some sort of style.
John makes three cups, one for Sherlock as well, and then brings them to the living room. Mycroft is sitting on the sofa, Violet in his arms. He looks tired.
Next is a severe burn on a lower leg. Then a series of self-harm scars on a wrist. An older woman shows a scar left behind from a central line after extensive chemotherapy.
Mycroft told him, when they first considered this, it is the first reason he gave for saying no - that then there would be a child of the two of them. Sherlock hadn’t cared at all. He had thought it the closest he could ever get to having a baby of his own and John, and he had been ecstatic at the thought.
But John says, “I’ll stay here, with Violet.” He knows that the nanny could just as well take her. Or Mrs. Hudson. When Sherlock frowns, John argues, “The baby’s going to be in hospital for a while, we should spread the visits, shouldn’t we? Take shifts.”
“If you are considering working less in order to help raise my child, then of course I would help you realise that in whichever way you choose.”
Sherlock has done so many things wrong, he knows that. He’s still doing them, probably, because he’s never been similar to anyone else, never good like those dull, average people. But John came back, time and time again. John is here today.
John sometimes wonders how Sherlock and Mycroft were raised, for that to be so glaringly true for both of them.
He feels bloated and heavy, as if he should be nearer to the end than he truly is. He is not excessively large, he knows, but still the weight affects his every movement. He does not curse it, but it is so very tiring to exist in this larger body.
Mycroft only comes in quickly to pick up Violet, and John works late, so Sherlock spends time on the new files again. John brings Thai food home, and the night is boring and normal.
He didn’t know? How could he ask him to marry him, and not know? John assumed that he did, he always assumed it, it was so clear,
It was so much easier. Not observing aloud meant not being hit in the face, or spat on, or being called a freak. Advertising on a gay sex website meant that there was no confusion about what was going to happen. And
But he’s not alone now. Sherlock can still feel the echo of Mycroft’s brief touch on his shoulder. William is a couple of paces away, crying a little but being shushed by the nanny. Violet is near the entrance, impatiently listening to Mrs. Hudson compliment the prettiness of her dress.
“You want to have a relationship regardless of that fact?” Sherlock asks it calmly, but John can feel the danger there -
“Hm, I thought so.” John rolls over him, effectively trapping Mycroft’s body under his. John’s cock is by Mycroft’s naked stomach and presses against him. “Like this.”
Mycroft weighed it in his mind, but he did not know the answer until sitting there, on Sherlock’s bed, helping him through a heat that Sherlock never wished to have.
“You can draw a chart.” John speeds his hand up, he leans forward, and then slows it again. “The case of the horny doctor.” He’s kind of amusing himself, really.
John’s brand new shop only has the tattooing bench, so John is sitting on that. He turns his laptop off - the final episode’s over, and the credits are rolling. It’s all over now.
Sitting here, Mycroft lets himself imagine it. He looks at John, currently nursing a cup of tea and watching Sherlock with a warm expression. Sherlock, playing the violin with his eyes on John. Mrs. Hudson, with Violet on her lap, attempting to teach her some kind of clapping game. Violet seems fascinated by her hands.
But he never truly understood the strength of their bond until he stood in Sherlock’s bedroom and saw him go through a heat. Mycroft realised what Sherlock’s objection to bonding was. He could see it in his face - Sherlock thought he would lose control and try to rape him.
He doesn’t go, but he gets into the habit of leaving the website open all day. He looks at it while he eats. While he cleans his gun. While he is awake at night. The ads roll on, all day and all night. “Hook-up by London Bridge,” and “Want to get fucked,” and “Slamming tonight,” and “Leather bear wants same.”  John lies alone on his narrow bed and sees, “My cock’s ready for you,” and “Grey stud,” and “Sauna hook-up.” It never ends.
John makes them all sing ‘Happy Birthday’ as Mrs. Hudson brings up the cake with a single candle. Lestrade films it on his phone.
“Good morning, contestants.” All three judges walk onto the stage, and Mike starts his usual introduction, “You are once again competing for a cash prize of one hundred thousand pounds, a feature in Ink Magazine, and the title of ‘Ink Master’.”
John’s here, with his fingers two knuckles deep into a perfect stranger, and it all seems easier, somehow.
Sherlock finds the hug deeply unpleasant. Even more so because Molly is wearing her autopsy visor and it bumps into the side of his face, but he makes certain to tell her, “I have always appreciated your support in matters of the heart, Molly.”
William has never been truly ill after coming out of the hospital. He has experienced cramps, reflux, and some nappy rash, but nothing unusual or severe.
Violet is running ahead. She knows the way, and that she has to stop and wait for them by the crossing.
Mycroft opens the buttons of his shirt with numb fingers. He pulls his layers of clothing apart so that he only shows his stomach, but even then it feels invasive to be watched like this.
Then Violet cries, and Mycroft drags himself up. He suppresses another wave of nausea and goes to get her out of bed. Because that is what it will be like to have two, he imagines. Both of them tugging at him, wanting opposing things.
Right, so he is gay. John tries not to care, but his voice sounds a tad hoarse when he asks, “Boyfriend?”
John’s cold. Stiff from lying on the ground. He gets up by way of his knees, then pulls his trousers up. And wipes his hands. He feels like there’s probably dirt on his arse, too.
He’s right. John never planned to get anything done there. Or anywhere that his clothes don’t hide. But maybe now’s the time. Sherlock will make it into something good at least, John knows. Audacity, right? John looks at him and decides on the spot. “You pick. Whatever you can do best.”
She’s piping the birthday cake. ‘Happy Birthday’ in white, and then she has purple for the ‘Violet’ part.
“I was expecting…” John seems more on edge now than before. “For you to care, honestly? Freak out. You know...” John gets up and slams his laptop down on the bed. “Act like a fucking human being?!”
that he knew who Sherlock was, when he moved back in. He thought that he finally had it all figured out, that he knew what he was coming back to: the cases, the adventures - the frustration, yeah, but John didn’t expect anything more. It was going to be enough to be friends with Sherlock, because that’s all Sherlock could give.
John follows him out. They pause by the door and stand there, feeling the blast of cool air. It is going dark outside, aided by thick and foreboding rainclouds.
John asks, “What do you want?” Has he ever asked Sherlock like this? John isn’t sure, all of a sudden, of what the answer would be. “If you’re being selfish, if this is just about you, then what do you want me to do right now?”
“You think so?” John feels pretty much dead on his feet. His back aches, his feet throb, and he smells - John thinks he does, anyway - like booze and food and sweat. John lets himself fall down onto the bed next to Sherlock.
Sherlock pays close attention to the various scars that are either revealed or described while they go down the line. There is a childhood scar on a man’s back from falling down a ladder. Then a surgery scar from an appendix removal approximately thirty years ago.
John hasn’t come yet, Sherlock realises. John needs this, too. But it’s more difficult than he thought to combine this. There’s another one already waiting, so Sherlock lies back and opens his mouth. He feels too lazy to stand up.
He wanders through the house. It’s dark. He walks to the library, sits down in one of the large, leatherback chairs Mycroft has, and holds her on his lap. She’s warm. A moist heat against his body. Sherlock doesn’t feel at ease holding her, not completely. Every faint movement she makes, he’s not sure what she’s going to do and why. And all the moments in between where she’s completely quiet, he wants to check that she’s breathing.
They leave him no choice but to live in the present. Sherlock has to change nappies and wipe bums, provide bottles and hugs, and it is…
The brief moment of silence is broken as Mrs. Hudson walks in with a tray of tea and biscuits. She’s either realised, or John told her, because she’s practically glowing. “Mr. Holmes! Congratulations!”
He returns to his own shop and passes Janine’s. She has various blue inks standing out, surprisingly. She looks up. “This is a fun challenge, isn’t it? I love this style.”
John is always there at Sherlock’s request, and Mycroft agrees that his presence is helpful. John is often up for a conversation of some sort, while Sherlock has difficulty looking him in the eye right after. Mycroft does not know what it feels like to him, but he has some idea of the intensity. Every muscle goes slack into a warm, sweet drowsiness. He feels so right, so at home, as if he could stay like that forever.
Mycroft can see the assumption in Henry. He surely remembers the adjustments made to Mycroft’s suits throughout his pregnancy, and at the casual mention of his daughter, Henry will assume that John, while not his bonded, is his current partner.
. Mycroft has never understood the thought behind saying that. There is no need for the universe to constantly be in balance. There is hurt and suffering all around, it is the human condition. It is what people do to themselves, and to one another. To be alive is to hurt unbearably.
Perhaps it would almost be a relief, to be rid of it. To fail at this fragile desire. It would be better to know now once and for all.
He feels almost drunk. They haven’t had more than a glass or two each from the bottle of wine standing between them, but it’s like that, that warmth, the flow of conversation, the flush of Sherlock’s cheeks even. John can’t see himself but he’s sure he’s the same.
Mycroft nods. Her power is not equal to his, but she could be a convenient ally. She goes right back to the photogenic smile. “Good day, Mr. Holmes.”
But Sherlock is thinking of John, instead. As ever, Mycroft feels for him that John is not the omega who would complete Sherlock.
Mycroft takes John’s hand, and squeezes it lightly. John’s hand is warm in his, his grip sure, but it is his look that Mycroft thinks he will remember for the rest of his life. John does not need to speak for him to understand it. It is immense, what they just decided.
John’s eyes follow Mycroft out as well, but he stays. John is responding to his heat, too. Sherlock can see it in the line of his shoulders and the way he licks his lips.
It’s John reaching out for something they can share. Sherlock has never thought of alcohol as his preferred substance for alteration of the mind, but he can admit that it feels nice enough to sink into drunkenness. To see the room spin mildly and John laugh about something that objectively isn’t all that funny. John’s deep, relaxed giggles are so infectious that Sherlock laughs too, again and again.
The dance instructor says, “Now clap your hands above your head!” and all the children do. Violet is screaming along with the best of them.
He could get him off like this, John thinks. Slowly, carefully, with nothing but strokes in the fading afternoon light. He could make this happen. But no, this might be the one chance he gets to suck him. John teases Sherlock’s cock with one last pull, then shifts away from him.
Violet gurgles, and reaches for Sherlock. She, for one, seems pretty pleased at waking up with two people to play with.
Sherlock is not hungry in the least. But if they must sit in the restaurant, then he supposes sitting there with John might make it bearable. He shrugs. “Nutrients of some kind.”
“What?” John tries to stop him when he exits the bed, even though he smiles. “Don’t - not right now. I meant…”
John does listen to them, and he can hear bits about caring and sickness and health and all that, but what he can
John feels a bit weird walking out of that little room and then discreetly placing a cup of his sperm onto the reception desk. The woman behind it seems unimpressed, though. She just fills out a form, sticks a sticker with a bar code on there, and says, “The doctor will call you with the results within ten days.”
John never thought he’d meet Mycroft’s eyes and see him looking back as if he’s something rather delicious. Someone Mycroft, despite being very clearly against it, admits to wanting. It’s an ego boost if John’s ever had one.
Mycroft would feel guilty of his indulgence - he frequently allows John to touch him instead of the other way around - but then John spills within him again and again. John groans, and laughs, and says, “Bloody hell!”
and tells him, “That fishing rod can use a contrasting tone. It’s realism, but contrast ages better.”
John is pretending to fall asleep on accident, and Sherlock will never, ever let him know that he knows, because it is glorious to lie there, listening to John’s faint snores. To Violet’s fast breaths, her occasional whine. And then fall asleep himself, with both of them there. Sherlock treasures it.
John thinks he’ll frame it. Maybe put it in their bedroom? He’ll show it to Mrs. Hudson first though, she’ll get a kick out of it. He texts Mycroft, “Love it, thanks! Although, if that’s the most embarrassing you can do… JW”
They’re in the big hangar again today for the flash challenge, but instead of cars, there are three work stations waiting for them. They all have a table and huge boxes of metal rods; alongside what John’s pretty sure is
Then, Mycroft sits down on the bed and opens the box. As expected, it is a ring. A gold band, exactly the same as the ones Sherlock and John exchanged today. On the inside, it says only the date, nothing more. It did not for their rings, either - Mycroft had wondered at that choice.
John collects his shopping, he pulls the heavy door shut behind him, and gets found again by the attendant who escorts him up.
She herself is working on the head of an elephant for Molly. It’s detailed as hell, John thinks, and daring too, to do an animal without a reference. “So’s yours.”
For once, Sherlock is entirely in agreement. He tells Molly, “Little design is needed, but the application will be extremely difficult.”
Sherlock takes some small cases just for fun, it’s nice to combine them with dinner, or a midnight stroll through back alleys and a stake-out somewhere.
John gives his client a quick temporary wrap on his back. The whole morning is gone, and he isn’t even close to being done.
John’s voice cracks. “Oh, it was.” John looks back. His cheeks are flushed. “Yeah, that’s... really something.”
Sherlock’s all smiles as he tells John that Mycroft came to the hospital, and that together they had taken William to his house and gotten him settled there.
John wakes up to his alarm. He’s lying on top of his bed, still dressed, and wearing one shoe. He has a headache the size of a continent. His stomach lurches as he gets up.
Mycroft tilts his head. It rather is, naturally. It has taken him over a decade to collect the statues alone. “Please sit down.”
It’s only a temporary escape. Sherlock feels about done with the crowds by noon and goes home anyway. He waits for the nanny to bring Violet - once she’s here, he’s fairly sure he’s safe. Mycroft wouldn’t want to risk a potentially volatile discussion with Violet between them.
He walks back to Baker Street instead of taking the tube again. It takes a cold half an hour, during which he gets wet to the skin, the water soaking his hair and rolling in icy drops down his neck. It’s even in his shoes, his socks feel as if they’re sopping when he walks up the stairs to 221b.
“Why?” If there’s one thing John knows it’s that he has nothing over Sherlock. “We’re not...” If anyone can deduce exactly how much they’re not involved, it should be Mycroft. He might have thought it, at first - John’s never forgotten that ‘may we expect a happy announcement’ conversation - but Mycroft knows that it’s nothing more now. Of course he does.
But when John walks into the restaurant, Sherlock is already there, sitting at a table surrounded by Molly, Janine, and Soo Lin.
John can answer that with absolute certainty. “Yeah. I was sure years ago, I just didn’t know it yet. Or we didn’t know how to...” That was it more, wasn’t it? They didn’t know how to do this. But he’s sure of one thing: “I want to, Sherlock. I’m here for as long as you’ll have me.”
Mycroft tries to dampen any accusation in his voice. He has nothing over John, and he certainly should not expect fidelity.
They make it home, and allow Violet to run through the living room at high speed, picking one toy up after the other and then dropping them all over the flat – she can make an enormous mess when she tries. John sits down in his chair.
Sherlock glances up at him, and there is something utterly pleased in his eyes right before he closes them, and sucks him in slow.
“Tired, are you?” There’s the faint sound of the baby, not quite a cry. Sherlock can feel himself listening for it.
He wakes up for the second time what feels like hours later. Sherlock is sitting up on the bed, busily typing away on his phone with his hair wrapped in a towel and the smell of shampoo wafting into the room. “Morning, John.”
Sherlock risks a glance toward John and John gives him an awkward stroke. Sherlock does not feel anything remotely like arousal, but regardless he grows hard like this, in John’s hand.
He reaches out to help, so John holds the chair steady while Sherlock pulls the lever back and lowers it. John turns the chair around again as soon as he’s done and puts it back, though. He doesn’t need help to change a chair’s height - Christ, he’s not some invalid. Also,
John asks, “Maybe something after all?” He sounds somewhat fatigued himself, perhaps, but pleased at Mycroft’s reaction.
And then when John pulls back the covers and gets into bed next to him, Mycroft can do nothing but reach for him. He touches John’s skin, his shoulder, traces the scar of a gunshot - Mycroft has read the files in detail, late at night, imagining John in a hospital bed and entirely alone.
Mycroft sighs. He did know Sherlock to be rather naive, but he finds it to be somewhat unbelievable that he would be this immature. Still, Mycroft tries to be practical. John seems like the type who would be more than willing to teach. “You could ask John for his guidance as to what to do.”
But now that John has been back for a while... John sits close, even when he has something else to do. John helps with his research. John makes jokes. They’re sharing the sofa now nearly every evening, often staying awake until after midnight.
Now that they are past the beginning - Violet is nearly seven months - it is still difficult, but in a different way. She does not sleep through the night often, and on the rare occasion that she does, Mycroft wakes regardless to check on her. But she smiles, widely, and often. She bounces when she hears music, which is something that Mrs. Hudson has taught her. She seems especially fond of the radio and horrible pop songs.
One of the distant relatives cuts in, “Such a loss…” and Sherlock turns away. He pretends to study the art on the side of the church doors. The inscription is wrong, no way that is a cutting from the eighteen hundreds, this church wasn’t even built yet then.
The sad truth is that at least once a day, John looks though the shop window with his heart beating overtime, somehow convinced that was Sherlock just walking past. Or he feels a stab of adrenaline when there’s a new name added to his client list, because he thinks that it’s Sherlock being clever. John’s even been glancing at the other parents when he goes to pick Rosie up from nursery.
Mycroft knocks on the door, and lets himself in. As always, when he first catches the smell of Sherlock - the sharpness of an alpha, very slightly sweetened by what he is still ashamed to know is his own influence - the baby moves. She has not turned yet, right now she has positioned herself sideways, which means there is a very awkward stretch to his stomach, and her feet push into his side. He puts a calming hand there, and walks in. “Sherlock, John.”
Mycroft sees it, the small flash of acceptance. He is grateful for it, more than she realises, perhaps. He says, darkly, “One could only be so lucky.”
He dresses in a full suit for the first time in days. He has been frequenting a tailor who specialises in pregnant omegas, and there are small elastic panels added to his trousers and the sides of his waistcoat, but he is surprised to feel that they have become tight in the last week. She must be growing then.
John most likely watched this as well. Sherlock imagines John in a non-descript living room with an arm around his wife. Or possibly holding his infant daughter while pointing himself out on the TV to her.
He can’t hear Violet, she’s probably asleep, but he can hear Sherlock say, “…then Angelo rang the doorbell, and he had John’s cane.”
It has only been minutes, but it seems much longer. The drugs dance within him, and his heart thuds urgently in his chest.
There’s a very faint, sweet smell coming from him. Mycroft’s an omega, and this close by it’s obvious. Mycroft’s scent lingers in his nose. John glances at him - strange, he always thought he was on suppressants.
Jim notes, “The scar is completely covered, which is more than I could say for some…” Soo Lin shifts in her seat.
Mycroft had never intended to be that, either. He had thought… well, he can admit that he had been led by a rather pressing amount of hormones at the time.
John grins and walks towards them. He lifts Violet into his arms. “Hello, you!” And then, aware that people are watching him, John leans in and kisses Sherlock on his cold cheek.
Mycroft smiles briefly at his expression, before he pulls a desk chair around and sits down. They’ve had to get creative now Mycroft’s getting bigger, but John doesn’t mind. It’s glorious to sit here and to have him between his legs.
The next is a clerk in the Royal Courts of Justice. Then, there is a retired architect with a leather fetish. After that, there are three men who come in together, and Sherlock’s mind and body crackles and aches and overflows.
It doesn’t seem like much at first, but it drags him in. It gets more and more complicated, and in the end it takes fifteen days of continuous work before they get the killers – a group of betas, that’s why the motive was so hard to determine.
John looks at Mycroft. He’s asleep, still lying on his side, with a hand over his stomach. The faint shape of Sherlock is visible behind him. All John ever did for Mary was go to Tesco’s and buy biscuits.
“Yes, if John and I are to continue this, then surely we need some sort of... timeframe, or limitations…” Mycroft doesn’t seem to know exactly himself, but he looks at him. “And they are yours to determine, naturally.”
Mycroft privately thinks that Henry will never have heard Mycroft being greeted like that. That no one other than John, or possibly Violet, ever does, with genuine delight in their tone and face.
John comes closer regardless, and Sherlock puts an arm around him, because he doesn’t know what else to do. Although he can already feel the intimacy itch in his chest. It makes him feel strange, as if his body drifts off. Sherlock, as ever, briefly looks at John’s neck and wishes… but no, he can’t.
Mycroft takes a moment, and then says, visibly uncomfortable discussing it, “I would imagine so, yes.”
Mycroft does not reply. He only angles his hips, clenches his fists in the sheets, and every time John thrusts just right, he can feel it stir him even more.
God, it was good. Even just that hand job, it was one of the best John’s ever had. He is going to go back. He always knew that, but John’s surprised by how clear it rings in his head. He’ll do it again.
There’s the sound of ducks, but he can’t see them anywhere. Some noise from the street. John walks a half-circle around the lake and scans the benches as he goes, but he doesn’t see anyone.
Mycroft starts the injections again. The cycles are much faster than regular omega physiology would dictate, but he cannot afford to wait three months between every implantation. It will be hard on his body, yes, but everything truly worth having is. Twice-monthly blood tests will check whether his liver is processing the hormones at an acceptable level.
She is entirely unhelpful in commenting on the colour scheme or anything relevant, but she does show him a brutally murdered door-to-door salesman, and Sherlock spends the rest of the day disproving that an elderly couple did it, so in all, he enjoyed the day.
“Obvious, I thought.” Sherlock seems smug. He puts a hand on himself, and completely unselfconsciously fists his cock. Back and forth. Just for a couple of strokes, but it’s enough to make John’s heart thump heavily.
He walks to the living room, aware that he’s hard. It’s been a while, he doesn’t wank nearly as often these days. He can’t really remember when he did it last. Maybe last week? In the shower?
More than that, Mycroft’s finally agreed to announce that he’s pregnant. Sherlock is sure that Mrs. Hudson already suspects, but it’ll be nice to see her reaction when it’s confirmed. Especially when she finds out that it’s John’s. She’s going to be over the moon.
Of course, it is exactly what he owes Sherlock. Mycroft quite literally owes Violet’s life to him. But Sherlock cannot actually expect him to pay him back like this? That would be insane.
isn’t Mycroft’s criteria, is it? “You don’t have a single male relative you admire enough.” Maybe a head of state? A royal? Someone else of note?
Mrs. Hudson bakes cookies with Violet, which mainly consists of making sure Violet doesn’t eat the dough.
And then John remembers exactly who he is talking to. Mycroft can do just about anything with a snap of his fingers, can’t he?
Mycroft feels felt a wave of anger that surprises him. It is quickly suppressed by the squirming weight of Violet in his arms, but he puts her down and says, “One would think so.”
They sew him up, clean him off, and wheel him to his room. And then a nurse puts her in his arms, and Mycroft can actually look at her. His child.
John takes it in stride. He utters no false platitudes, and no scorn, either. Perhaps he is exceptionally good at getting to the essence of things, Sherlock thinks. Or perhaps he simply does not care.
“You are now comparing me to various deities, John.” Sherlock’s voice has an astonished edge that John wants to hear again and again.
Except, of course... Sherlock considers Jim again. Unless this has been decided by the production team in advance, and not on any basis relating to tattoo work at all. If he wasn’t certain that the voting process is rigged before, he is now.
the slick suction of himself, he can feel it smear and spread between them as John moves. He tries to take John deeper. Mycroft feverishly tilts his hips so he can have
They wrap her up, and show her to him. He sees a flash of a small face, her eyes. Mycroft feels some confusion, some protectiveness. Where will they take her? When can he have her back? That is it. He does not feel the expected immense rush of love for this thing.
“We were likely to lose,” Sherlock replies. He does not blame her for this. “Focus on the next challenge and how to best utilise your talents there.”
With Violet, Sherlock was allowed to help, but she already had a routine. Everything was already decided by Mycroft and the nanny by the time he came in. And in those first months, Sherlock felt that he had to prove to Mycroft that he was trustworthy enough to even hold Violet. That he wouldn’t harm her. He was afraid that Mycroft would decide to take her away, sooner or later.
The feeling of unease remains throughout the day. Anthea knows, naturally, but she does not attempt to comment on it, and Mycroft is grateful for that.
Ah. So that is why the research is there. Mycroft had not expected the conversation to go there, not this quickly, at any rate. “Not immediately.” He says it carefully. “And I can continue with chemical bonding hormones.”
John waits until the other contestants have headed for the door. When he’s sure that the cameras are turned away and they’re recording the other contestants leaving, John lifts his chair, places it sideways on his tattoo bench, and tries to figure out how to lower the damn seat.
And then, with a last look to the door, John gives in and takes his pyjama top off. Fine, he feels ridiculous, but no one will see, will they? He wraps a blanket around his shoulders, then takes William’s sleepsuit off so he’s just in a nappy, and holds him to his chest. John makes sure to fold the blanket around them both so William won’t be cold. And then he moves to lie back on the sofa, while holding a hand on William’s back.
John takes Violet from him. Sherlock’s touch leaves him, and Mycroft looks down, finds his handkerchief with irritatingly unsteady hands, and wipes his face. He blows his nose. It takes a couple of moments, shame pressing hard on his chest, before he can look either of them in the eye.
Mycroft can’t do this right now, since he’s lying in bed in considerable pain. Sherlock goes to bond with him every few hours, and then comes right back here. For the both of them.
Mycroft feels a chill run over him, not because he truly believes it, but to know that Sherlock in that moment cared so deeply that he would still not relieve his own pain for fear of harming him.
“I need to work on preparing several stencils in order to be able to use them on various body parts.” Sherlock bends down to tie his shoes.
Sherlock washes, wears something he knows John likes, and by the time that John comes home, Sherlock has looked up hand job techniques and he is waiting on the sofa. He wants John to be happy. To feel good. For it to be splendid.
John wants to text him right now to suggest that he stays over at Mycroft’s tonight, but that might not be the best idea, so he doesn’t. Mycroft can set the pace. That’s fine.
How can he ever claim to have repaid Sherlock, when all Sherlock does is love their children fiercely? And for himself, Mycroft cannot doubt that Sherlock cares for him. When he thinks about the kindness Sherlock has shown him through John, Mycroft feels shocked to his core.
John sighs. Never mind. “Look, if you can’t tell me, then can you at least not tell him that I asked?”
Then John is next to him, on his knees, grabbing the syringe. His presence is enough to make Sherlock shudder with desire, and his grip loosens before John even tries to take it from him.
He should feel exposed, he thinks, with Sherlock watching, but it feels comfortable instead. As if they’ve done this before. His cock pulses happily when he takes it in his hand.
John doesn’t have the faintest clue what Sherlock is about, asking to marry him. He honestly thought he was joking at first.
They get the bath blown up, and it stands there, blue and cheap and smelling of plastic. They fill it with buckets of warm water, some yellow ducks, and put Violet in it. She splashes up a storm, and howls in protest when they take her out after forty-five minutes.
Sherlock makes himself let go, and rolls away from John’s warmth. There is something closed in his throat. He says, “Nothing. It’s fine.”
“It was the nature of the challenge that it was meant to be only about the animal,” Mike says. “Not a frame.”
Mycroft says, “He is right, Sherlock. Bonding now will likely end your heat.” He is too close. Sherlock can feel Mycroft’s presence radiate. It’s dangerous.
John leans closer and runs his nose by Sherlock’s jaw, then kisses him there, gently. “You smell nice.” He smiles. “…My husband.”
It is nothing but the hormones, Mycroft reminds himself. That is what influences John, what makes this feel so enormously inviting. Once they would take that attraction away, there is no real compatibility between them. It will fade.
Mycroft nods, but it feels as if he is humouring her instead of truly agreeing. As if he is merely playing along in this little charade, pretending that it might work. It feels like a polite lie, at this point. A shared illusion, about to shatter.
“...Oh?” Molly sounds flustered. “We kind of thought... with the baby and all that, we were wondering if... um.”
She constantly impressed that it was their fault that she had given up her career, her goals, her everything. She had done it for them, and they were required to pay her back by not making a single mistake. By surpassing every expectation.
Well, it’s got all the signs of a mid-life crisis, hasn’t it? Entering a competition and then suddenly fancying himself young and capable of anything. Capable of falling for someone new.
Of course, Sherlock is already feeling rather wonderful, so he looks at Mycroft, and says, stepping away, “You are invited to Christmas Eve.”
“A face, actually, I’ll show you the stencil.” John tries to focus on what he drew – in part guided by Sherlock – yesterday. It’s a woman’s face in side profile. Sherlock helped him with the edges of the neck and the hair.
He checks his phone, hoping for a text. A good case, this time. Not the ones that take days and make Sherlock look pale and withdrawn, John wants one where there’s laughing involved. Where it’s stupidly fun, to chase someone though central London. Something that makes it feel like
Sherlock reads on. There’s a connection to a prominent family, but it’s already fairly obvious that it’s going to be a run-of-the-mill blackmail and drugs scandal.
Sherlock nods, still seeming more amused than bothered by the whole situation, and part of John wants to suggest, ‘Hey, if you’re here anyway, why don’t you...’ But of course he doesn’t. John goes in, and closes the door.
Sherlock sits on the bed, takes her hand and plays with her absently. His dressing gown has slipped off his shoulder. His curls are flat on one side. He suppresses a yawn, and then frowns. “Didn’t Mycroft come to get her?”
Mycroft times his visit so that John is at work, and their landlady is visiting a neighbour. While in general Mycroft does not mind when John is present, he needs to speak to Sherlock privately. He deserves whatever anger, whatever bile Sherlock wishes to direct his way, unhindered by John’s influence.
And yet this, a child who is so very carefully prepared for, meticulously desired, does not come to pass? It makes him seethe with anger. To see these people, the
Mycroft leads him to the dance floor, already analysing the message it might send. Mycroft is Sherlock’s brother, so therefore it is not entirely improper to dance with his newly minted brother-in-law. Of course, that is ignoring the fact that John has just married Mycroft’s bonded. There are no social conventions for that, as far as Mycroft is aware.
John walks past them. No use thinking of that now, she’s gone, it’s all gone. It was all a lie. Not his baby. He gets bread and milk and cheese and whatever else he can think of instead.
He gets his foot stuck under a tree root or something like that, John doesn’t see, only that he suddenly makes an odd lurch to the side. John is too late to catch him, so Sherlock goes down face-first onto the grass.
John shifts. Sherlock’s legs have opened to lean closer to John, so it has the effect of John’s arse and lower back pushing against Sherlock’s crotch. Sherlock ignores it, and sucks a small circle on the reddening, wet skin of John’s neck.
Sherlock leans back onto the sofa again - his body all pale muscle and bone - and presents his arse.
John’s joking - his voice is mild - but Sherlock feels the exactly the same. They’ll belong to each other, then. Forever.
John curses, and Sherlock gets up and takes her. “You’re with us, Violet.” She’s wailing, sniffling, and gasping for air. Sherlock takes her to the bed to lie between them. She quiets down again a bit there, but not fully. It’s been stressful for her, Sherlock is aware. He pats her back.
“It resembles fine art collages in the sense that it combines realistic images with smears, smudges, and kinetic designs that generate a discordant look.”
The drive is long. As London changes into a densely populated spread of streets, and then further out, the occasional field, Sherlock focuses on Violet. He reads her story after story, then stares out the window as she naps.
Obviously Mycroft’s thinking that, too, because he asks, “Would you rather have been an only child?”
“Yes, of course it does!” Mycroft, as ever, is absorbed in his own sense of atonement, never recognising that what he feels guilty for won’t be improved by his suffering.
Mike smiles at them and says, “Let’s see how you did on your bamboo tattoos. Janine, you are up first.”
Mycroft glances at Sherlock, obviously a bit uncertain on what Sherlock’s making of this. Then he says, “A bit early for that, don’t you think, Sherlock?”
what Sherlock said to seeing them like this. John feels it, too. It feels so... normal, for Sherlock to walk in here. He should feel caught out, or annoyed to be stopped, but John’s neither. And he’s pretty sure Mycroft doesn’t feel like that, either.
On a run through Bexley chasing a suspect Sherlock’s coat ends up splattered with mud. He has to take it to a dry cleaners, and work a case without it. He feels oddly naked all day. His back prickles, as if there are invisible eyes watching his every move. As if he’s tensing for a blow, a gunshot, a lash of pain.
“This isn’t to your usual standard of work,” Irene says. “The linework is shaky, and the shading is too dark to provide any contrast.”
Betas don’t bond. John will never be able to - it wouldn’t do a thing if he tried. It’s the only reason that he can even be in here without wanting them both. It’s always been easier, being a beta.
Mycroft stretches out next to him in the bed and asks, “Everything all right?” He sounds tired, but then William was up again at about two.
That was before John. Before his eyes had been opened, before he’d met Martin and Irene and Kate, Gary and Billy, and seen Ms. Hudson with her wife. Now the thought that someone would seek to “cure” their gayness, would want to change the very essence of themselves, seems tragic.
He turns the water up as hot as he can stand and it helps warm him up, loosen the aches and tension in his shoulders. When he gets out, he looks himself over in the mirror and, in a fit of pique, starts to lather up his face.
All this was running through his head as Molly went through the safety spiel that no one ever listened to.
Myc gives the pitying look that never fails to aggravate him, “Really? Well, perhaps stealing would have been a step up from ‘working’ as you so euphemistically put it.”
“You’re here because you need me.” John reaches under the table where Sherlock’s hands are rubbing nervously along his thighs and takes one of them. Sherlock jumps as he feels John’s fingers slide over his. “I can help you if you’ll let me,” John says in a low, soothing voice.
“Since three days ago, when I went through your things. I found the note and the photo. Before, on the plane. You seemed familiar. It must have been your eyes—I always liked your eyes…they did…things to me.
Sherlock grumbles, and as he passes by, John grabs him, swings him around, and sucks a kiss onto his neck.
“I was hoping you would say that. It’s a pleasure to fit a shape like his. I’ll have my boy keep an eye out for things that we might be able to alter for him. But only if you let him pose for the website with one I make from scratch.”
They shake hands and exchange pleasantries, and then Marie excuses herself to finish the pie she is making, and Ms. Hudson ushers Sherlock to the sitting room.
Before John can even say hello, Sherlock assaults him with a stream of words. “Wiggy was right, Pete was getting some of his stuff from the hospital and he doesn’t know the name of the guy but he agreed to help us find out who it is and guess what he agreed to tape him John I can’t believe it Wiggy is really awesome I think we should have him over again and there’s a redheaded courier with a uniform and—”
Reluctantly, he hooks his thumbs in the waistband of his briefs and pushes them down to join the shorts pooled around his ankles. He’s wearing a T-shirt, but it only comes to the top of his hip, leaving his buttocks and penis exposed. John has seen him naked at least a hundred times, but somehow this is different. And not in a good way.
Sherlock feels a blush creep up his neck. “You’re welcome. It was nothing...kind of obvious if you think about it.” John nudges him with his elbow. “I mean, it was my…” He pauses. “...life on the line so I was really focused.”
Although he still couldn’t see him, John started putting a face to the man with manicured hands and expensive leather jacket. Spiked hair dyed blonde, maybe eyeliner. Handsome. Tom Cruise handsome. Looked tall too, the git.
. John would know somehow, he’s sure of it, and he wouldn’t be happy. His desire to please John is greater than the urge to get high and make it all go away for a few hours. He puts the photo back, sets his alarm, and then lies on his bed, staring at the ceiling, until sleep finally comes.
John glances over his shoulder and sees Sherlock by himself on the balcony. He pulls out his phone, and Sherlock feels his own vibrate in his pocket. He looks at it.
He scanned the ingredients and was satisfied to see that peppermint oil and alcohol were listed. It would do. It would have to.
He squints at it. Eight o’clock. He remembers that he’s promised to meet John at Greenfield’s Clothiers at nine thirty to pick up his suit. Stretching and yawning, he doesn’t even begin to reach for his erection.
“Sherlock! He played me. He was talking like John was all that until he got the information he wanted. I’m sorry. I’ve told you I’m sorry. He’s an asshole—Apologies for the language, Mrs. Hudson. I’ll never forgive myself for falling for him...and all the other stuff.”
Sherlock soaks in the unspoken praise and covers his mouth with hungry kisses until John turns his face away and asks, “Do you think you could lie on your back?”
Sherlock had committed the numbers on his wrist to memory before washing them away hurriedly in the employee restroom after the man, John, left the shop. He had splashed cold water on his face and looked at himself in the mirror. His cheeks were still flushed pink.
“You up then? Still hurts?” John says from the kitchen, which is separated from the living room only by the breakfast bar.
—he shuts that thought down immediately. He tries to block out the voice that is continuing to ask questions that may or may not be important if only he could focus. Sitting up. Sitting up would help. He swings his legs around, shivering, and tries to warm up by rubbing up and down his arms, but it seems to require so much effort, he’s tempted to curl up again. He shakes his head, to try to clear it, but it makes him dizzy, and he stops. After rubbing the heels of his hands against his eyes, he turns to look at the voice and it’s a skinny, scruffy guy a little older than he is, in greasy jeans and a tattered T-shirt. Sherlock scans his forearms and sees the telltale track marks, fresher than his own, which are barely visible by now.
The following evening, Saturday, they stay in. John makes popcorn, and they sit on the sofa together, watching movies on Netflix. They haven't talked much about the elephant in the room, Sherlock’s preliminary hearing, two weeks away. He doesn’t meet with Godfrey until Thursday and there really isn’t anything they can do until then. The waiting is driving Sherlock crazy, and when he’s not studying, he has been obsessed with turning over everything he can remember in his mind and piecing together what happened. But tonight, he is happy to take a break from the worry to just hang out with John in front of the TV. They decide on comedy. John chooses
“I was wondering if they might let the woman in the second row join me, her husband is dead, and I’m worried about her.”
Then John threw himself against Sherlock and kissed him violently, and Sherlock moaned as John's hands slipped under the soft cotton fabric of the knickers and squeezed his buttocks. "Ennui? Not today, Sherlock," John whispered into his ear and immediately felt Sherlock stiffen against his belly. John turned them around and pushed Sherlock backward several steps until he met the door with a loud thud. Sherlock spread his legs and slid down the door as John pressed against him, kissing his neck and biting his earlobe. Then he ran his hand over Sherlock's bare chest and down his belly until it came to his thickening cock peeking out of the lacy waistband.
“I’m leaving Sherlock,” Myc says. “I’m available twenty four-seven if you need me. I’m going to fly back to D.C., but I’ll be back in a few days. We still have much to discuss.” He holds out his hand, and Sherlock reaches for it, but Myc unexpectedly hugs him instead. “Don’t you ever do that again, little brother. Please,” he whispers.
John traces the lines of the pentagram on Sherlock’s chest and teases his nipples with the pads of his fingers. Goosebumps raise the hair on Sherlock’s arms. “Are you cold, Sherlock?”
Sherlock. It’s very good. I’m so proud of you.” He reaches up and touches Sherlock’s cheek. “Thank you for sharing it with me. I’m happy that you’ve learned so much, and that you’ve enjoyed learning it.”
She looks up to see Sherlock and John staring at her, and for the first time Sherlock sees her flustered, and he enjoys her sudden awkwardness.
“I’m sure you’ve guessed by now that I want what’s in your head—because it wasn’t on your hard drive. I want what you can build, not for me—I wouldn’t get my hands dirty that way. But I have clients.”
Sherlock relaxes some and feels quite pleased that John considers him sophisticated enough to take to the opera. And now, his curiosity has been triggered. “Who’s Harvey Milk? What’s the opera like? Will it be in English? Which opera is it? What’s it about?”
“Leave you? Not bloody likely,” John said. He fished in his pocket for the Baldy’s keys. He tried each one in the cuffs. None of them fit.
set him up for a crushing blow if John changes his mind? And what if Sherlock changes his? Would he be bound to John, as some sort of slave, out of financial obligation? All the worst-case scenarios are playing out in his mind, as if it’s inevitable, as if this summer were just a lovely dream that he is destined to wake from, only to be back in his old shitty life…
John hadn’t planned to climax. He had only intended to pleasure Sherlock. But witnessing the dramatic response to his touch and his words had aroused John so much that he was seriously rethinking his decision. After removing Sherlock’s hand from the front of his boxers, he got to his knees beside him.
“I’ve put the massage oil on the table; Why don’t you give me a massage? Seems a good way to start things off.” John’s thumb crosses his lower lip, and Sherlock sucks it into his mouth, looking up through his lashes seductively.
John holds him and lets him doze for a little while. He shifts and it works to wake Sherlock up. "Sorry, my shoulder was aching. Old war wound."
Finally, the implications of the junkie’s words penetrate the fog that Sherlock feels like he’s lost in and he gets angry.
John flicks his tongue across Sherlock’s hole, and he gasps, gripping the sheets with both hands. He tenses, but John flicks again and then flattens his tongue, stroking again and again, and Sherlock moans loudly.
“There you go, all done.” Running his hands up Sherlock’s back to his shoulders he pulls him to standing and turns him around, so they are face-to-face and there’s no chance that John isn’t aware of Sherlock’s erection between them. It’s touching John’s T-shirt, making a small dark spot of wetness on the green cotton.
Dr. Katharine (Kate) Whitney and her husband Isa are taken from Conan Doyle's "The Man With the Twisted Lip."  In the BBC's "Sherlock" they appear as Kate and her son Isaac in "His Last Vow."
“You are scared of those push-ups, aren’t you? I think we’ll have to add some more incentive to your workout. Bring the crop down to the gym, what do you think?”
“Sir,” John began, grasping the man’s shoulders and easing him upright. The man didn’t rouse. The man next to him was also sleeping, his head cradled by a travel collar. He was wearing headphones and seemed oblivious to everything that was going on.
Before he can get his acknowledgement out, John’s hand connects with a loud crack and Sherlock’s warm, fuzzy memories are instantly replaced with the harsh reality of the stinging slap.
“Open it!” John commanded as he ripped open the man’s shirt. After attaching the defibrillator pads to his chest and turning on the device, John waited for the ready light. When it lighted, he pressed the charge button. The man twitched. John waited a moment and then shocked him again. And again. It didn't work. When John checked the man's pulse again, there was nothing.
“If I hadn’t met you. And I had all this money—I, um... I’m not sure what I would have done with it.”
After ten minutes or so of crawling forward in the line, John says, “Let’s just walk from here, all right with you?”
Before he takes another breath, Sherlock snatches up his shorts and underwear, resisting the urge to grumble under his breath about what felt like an infinite lecture on Hamlet and most definitely NOT just thirty minutes. When he turns around, John is sitting on the sofa. He points between his knees at a spot on the floor. Sherlock takes his position, kneeling with his head bowed.
Realizing his mistake, Sherlock apologizes quickly, but too late. “I didn’t mean it like that! It was—I was only joking!”
“I’ll be heading back to my hotel. Obviously, you need some, shall we say, rest, and I’ve got work to attend to. I’ll let myself out.”
“I know. Sorry, Sir.” Sherlock wants to say more but can’t quite find the words to express what he’s feeling, and he thinks that even if he could, he’d be afraid to say them, and so instead, he just says, “Kiss me?”
No. He blinks back tears at the thought of what John’s reaction will be. He’ll believe them. Why wouldn’t he? Besides, he must know by now and he hasn’t come.
Still dazed and feeling even worse than before, he heads for an unoccupied bench, then lies down facing the wall and closes his eyes.
She flips through the pages. “Something simple. Chest tie. Light for a beginner. Something that builds on the harness. That was the last tie you tried, wasn’t it, Johnny?”
At the mention of Cluedo, Sherlock, who had turned and was headed back to his corner, halted abruptly. “Did you say Cluedo? Is it like Clue?”
! I might go to the same school as Stephen Hawking? Oh, Sir. Thank you. Can I use my scholarship? I could get a job…”
Sherlock walks through the door at five forty-five. Clever boy, but not clever enough. John lets him converse with Angelo momentarily, then rises to stand, at parade rest, beside their table. Sherlock’s eyes dart around the room, seeking and when they finally meet his, there it is again, that pink flush rising from his neck, revealed thanks to the open buttons of his purple shirt. Gorgeous. He watches him point, indicating to Angelo that his party is already here. Angelo smiles knowingly, and the blush rises to the tips of Sherlock’s ears. John walks around the table and pulls out the chair for him to sit.
Sherlock feels John’s head tilt in an unasked question. “Very poetic for a chemist. We’ll get you into an English Literature class yet.”
He bites his lip and doesn’t know why it’s so hard, but it is. Asking for help has never been easy for him. Accepting help has never been easy either, except from John. “Do you think you could, you know, help me, Ms. Hudson?”
“No,” John said, reaching across the table and taking Sherlock’s good hand. “No. I don’t want to watch telly. Or a film.”
“He was always better than me in school, at almost everything really. He never missed an opportunity to remind of it either, even when I was little. My dad always compared me to him, and I hated it. I still hate it.”
. One minute he was flying to a boring medical conference, and the next minute, he was snapping the neck of a kidnapper and being pursued across an island in the Atlantic Ocean. He’d felt satisfaction after killing Baldy and not a shred of remorse.
Sherlock looked down at the black leather loafer, and fury boiled in his veins, directed at Moriarty, and Mycroft, and at himself for being so weak. He looked at Louise once more and made his decision. Slowly, he slipped out of the chair and to the floor. Moriarty grinned. Humiliated, Sherlock advanced on his hands and knees, closing the distance between them. He hesitated only a moment before lowering himself, extending his tongue, and licking the gob of saliva from Moriarty’s loafer. It tasted of shoe polish. In the background, Martha gasped, “Oh, goodness.” Then, Sherlock sat back, wiped his mouth, and looked up at the shoe’s loathsome owner.
John opened his book and looked at the words, but he was thinking of that summer. His home life had been rough. He fought with his parents, and his parents fought with each other. It was exhausting. He had been accepted to Edinburgh for pre-med, and he couldn’t get there fast enough, although it meant leaving fourteen-year-old Harriet alone in that miserable place. He still felt guilty about it. If he had been around, things might have gone better for her. Harry had run away from home the year after and got mixed up with a bad lot.
“Someday soon, we’ll all have computers in our pockets, perhaps implanted in our bodies. Computers will be integrated into every aspect of our lives. We’ll be dependent. And If someone has the ability to destroy all of it in an instant…”
John chuckles breathlessly and says, “Never mind. Roll over again. I don’t want that come leaking out of you before I get the plug in.”
“I think you’ve enjoyed wearing it, and it seems to have meaning for you. Can you tell me about it, how it feels? What does it mean to you?”
And he sat in the grass and watched the other boys running and laughing. Sometimes he wished he could fit in and be like them, but they were mostly interested in dull and unimportant things: sports, Pokémon, girls.
“Wow.” Sherlock picks up the book and runs his fingers over the gold lettering. “This has been sitting in my attic all this time, with the bonds too. Shit. If I had only known.” He looks at John, and a sudden realization dawns on him.
He bends over and kisses the tip of John's penis, then licks the head, and John stiffens and bucks up into his hand, climaxing with a warm spurt into Sherlock’s waiting mouth. He swallows, tasting the bitterness of semen mixed with the sweetish-sour of the green apple lube. He licks the stray droplets from his lips and the head of John’s cock as he gasps, “Fuck, Sherlock.” Sherlock stays still until John’s aftershocks have finished, then rolls over onto his back, his own erection neglected and angry.
“Nice bike, freak!” Sally calls. “Suck any dicks lately?” asks one of the boys in the back. “Were they as good as Vic’s?” Seb adds as he guns the engine and the Mustang’s tires squeal. As they race off, their whoops and laughter trail behind. The mention of Victor feels like a knife in the gut, and Sherlock has to resist the impulse to bend over and clutch his stomach.
“I, um, well, Lestrade made me come,” said Stan, uncomfortably. He has informed me that I need to apologise to John.
honor was too little, too late.” There is bitterness in John’s voice. “England is many things; I love her, but she has never been, historically speaking, accepting of human nature. Everything is always so ‘proper’ and appearances so blasted important. Can you guess when homosexuality was decriminalized there?”
be sore, but luckily you’ll have welts to distract you. I’ll clean you up, sweet boy.” He kisses his forehead and rolls out of bed. Sherlock watches his ass as he walks away and can’t believe how lucky he is.
The next thing he feels is cold against his lips. Ice. John is rubbing a piece of ice over his mouth then taking it away even as he’s reaching for it with his tongue.
Sherlock opened the folder and glanced through the photos. The first was of a middle-aged black man slumped against a wall with a long wooden pole protruding from his chest. He was in a cluttered office with African art and masks on the walls and piles of books on the shelves and floor. The next picture was of the spear itself, after having been removed. It was about four feet long and had a flat iron blade with a sharp point.
Will’s sixteen-year-old torso had been almost entirely hairless. But this body had the same elegant lines, The same white skin…
This summer has been transformational for both of them. When he had bought the riding crop back in May, he had been looking for distraction—a sub for the summer, albeit one he intended to leave better off than he’d found him. It has been a very long time since he has been in love, and he never expected the tall, skinny kid in the tack shop to not only steal his heart but to fill it so completely.
The second stroke comes quick and harsh and he has no confusion about the fact that he’s being punished.
“You’ve had so much pain in your life, and I’ll not be the cause of more—unless it’s the kind you want.” The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches at this, and John continues. “The fact is, I don’t want to wake up without you beside me, or come home to an empty flat, or not be able to kiss you goodnight.”
“Can’t I do that tomorrow?” Sherlock asks, running his hand up John’s thigh, not wanting to interrupt the kisses. Along with the threat
“I’m really happy to hear you say that because I want to take you to the opera on Saturday. It’s a fundraiser for a Harvey Milk High School right here in Columbus. Black tie. That’s why you need a tuxedo. And I can’t wait to see you in it. And to see you watch your first opera.”
He usually likes to play outside on the balcony, but it’s too hot on Monday afternoon, and so he’s on the sofa with his guitar. He has Dr. Hunter’s notepad beside him and a pencil behind his ear. Not the rubber one. He left that one behind in the cell, not wanting reminders of the awful place. But he’d kept the notepad. The scrawled words that poured out of him when he was full of pain and despair, in the bunk above Wiggy, deserve to be put to music he thinks. Maybe the doubts and angst will flow out as his fingers move over the strings, giving them voice. A purge. It’s not so different from when John whipped him and his cries carried away the pain, both physical and emotional, leaving him cleansed and unburdened.
“You’ll be working for me while you’re here,” Jim says with an air of superiority. "Usually, these jobs are reserved for University students. You two must be ‘special’,” he makes air quotes with his fingers.
Sherlock is still savoring the fact that John is having difficulty controlling himself when he says abruptly, “You’re going to crawl to me.”
“Then one night. I got a call. He needed me to bail him out of jail. He had just turned nineteen. I did, of course, on the condition that he would come to live with me. Surprisingly, he agreed. Although we are like oil and water, it worked somehow. He got his act together, enrolled in college, and you know the rest. It’s remarkable, really. His focus when he puts his mind to something is extraordinary. But he was never really happy again. That’s why I remember those weeks after he came back from camp so vividly. It was the last time he seemed happy.”
Sherlock takes what is, no doubt, the most luxurious shower he’s ever had with the rain shower head and body jets and finds the chair waiting for him outside John’s room. He’s much less concerned about who’s watching him this time and drops the robe without a second thought. John is rummaging in the chest of drawers, but he turns and smiles when Sherlock enters. He walks to the side of the bed and says, “Come. Take off my clothes.” He watches as Sherlock walks towards him, regaining the erection he’d been working on in the living room. When he is close, John tilts his head, and Sherlock bends to meet him. They share a deep kiss, and then John licks his bottom lip and grips it with his teeth. He remains passive as Sherlock begins with the buttons of John’s white cotton shirt. When he finishes with the buttons, he tugs the shirt out from John’s pants and begins to slide his hands up John’s back in order to slip the shirt off his shoulders, but John grabs his wrists. “No skin. Just my clothes.”
John could feel the movement of air as Sherlock breathed. He inhaled it, pulling it into his body; it was carbon dioxide that had a moment ago been inside Sherlock. It felt intimate.
“Yes,” John says with a laugh, “It is. Come, have a seat.” John walks to the sofa and sits down, patting the space next to him. Sherlock sits obediently. He scans the room and sees the riding crop, placed as casually as a vase of tulips, on the mantel. He straightens a bit and looks at John whose expression is neutral.
Sherlock settles into a lounge chair on the balcony and Wiggy leans against the railing, lights a cigarette, and looks out over the Scioto river. “You have a sweet view,” he observes.
This time he thinks he knows what’s inside and sure enough, it’s a knife, and it’s brand new. A “Bushcraft Survival Knife” with a sheath that has a built-in fire starter! And its own attached sharpening stone. A lifetime warranty.
“It is,” replied Sherlock. “And when you eliminate the impossible, whatever is left must be the truth.”
“It’ll heal up OK, as long as the infection doesn’t progress. I’m also worried about your kidney. I want to check your urine, all right? And let’s get that shirt off.”
and John’s brutal passion, converge with the physical pleasure, taking him to the edge of release and then beyond.
. He pulls John’s arm a little tighter around him. Finally, his eyes close, and darkness glides in, like mist over water, and he lets it take him.
John is beside him in an instant, one hand on his cheek, and the other pulling the blindfold from his eyes. “Talk to me, Sherlock.”
John pulled the blanket closer around Sherlock’s chin, hugged the gun to his chest and waited for sunrise.
Sherlock continues to step backward, away from the train wreck in front of him as people rush down the aisles, flocking to see the melee.
In the calm, reassuring voice that Sherlock recognizes from his childhood, Myc says, “All right. All right then, Sherlock, I want you to try to calm down and listen to me. Tell me you understand.”
Myc looks around appreciatively at the expensively appointed space and doesn’t visibly react when he spots the riding crop still on the mantelpiece. “You must be an excellent surgeon.”
“You need to connect with someone who cares about you. I’ll request that you be processed immediately and in private, then you’ll get to use the phone. I’ll check up on you tomorrow, but if things get bad in the meantime, let a deputy know. They can reach me.” She opens up the door and speaks to Gregson for a few seconds, too quietly for Sherlock to hear.
he was enjoying taking care of him and using his medical skills in a way that mattered. Not that the thrush and migraines he encountered in his GP practise didn’t matter. But this seemed different. Maybe because it was personal.
But John had been exhausted from carrying Sherlock that kilometre, not to mention the mental toll of executing their escape. He should have known better than to lie down. It was a cardinal rule in the army. If you are on watch, you never lie down. Never. But he had, and despite his best efforts, had fallen asleep.
There is a quiet, heavy moment, and Martin claps his hands twice. “Enough! The past is for remembering and the present is for the living. Let’s get you fitted, young man. You are going to look spectacular in this tuxedo. But I’m not allowed to tell what it’s for.” He grins, enjoying being in on the secret. And he’s right. Sherlock does look spectacular. The satin lapels set off his pale skin, and the stripes running up his legs make them look endless. When Martin finishes tying his bowtie, he and Molly stand silently and look.
John had just put on a jazz CD and lit the candle when Sherlock emerged from his bedroom. He was wearing black trousers, an aubergine turtleneck, and had replaced silver ring in his left earlobe with a glittering diamond. His hair was still damp, and it hung in dark ringlets around his freshly shaved face. He was stunning. Simply stunning, and John’s breathing stopped for an instant as he stared. He looked down at his jeans and trainers. “I think I’m underdressed.”
“What are you going to do if I don’t? Break it down? Because you're such a macho man, John? Go ahead. Then what? Are you gonna punish me? And expect me to take it with a smile on my face when you're about to fucking leave me? Well, fuck you!” The door shakes as Sherlock slams his hand against it, and his voice is so full of anger that John is taken aback. He turns and leans against the door, taking stock of the situation. He’s ashamed to admit that the thought of breaking it down had occurred to him, if only briefly. He takes a deep breath before answering, trying to sound calm and conciliatory.
He wants to say no, he shouldn’t like this, it’s filthy. But it’s so filthy and that makes it so hot and so good, and he’s lost. “Oh, Sir, yes. Fuck, yes.”
“We still don’t know how Jim figures into all this. I mean, I know he was blackmailing her, but why did he hate John so much?”
He has an idea and opens the medicine cabinet and takes out a bottle of hair gel. He slicks his hair back with a comb and tilts his head from side-to-side, thinking he looks decent, then doubting himself. He reaches for a towel and starts to remove the gel, but as he’s looking at himself, John sticks his head inside the door. “Hey, gorgeous—bloody hell, your hair!”
“Come. Come. The suit. I think it’s finished! It’s waiting for you.” Mr. Greenfield walks him toward the back.
He walks right over to him and throws his arms around him for a proper hug. John pulls back and smiles at him like he’s won the Nobel Prize. Then he looks over Sherlock’s shoulder and points. Sherlock turns to see Ms. Hudson making a beeline straight for them with that look on her face, and he briefly wonders if he forgot to turn in an assignment.
John takes his hand and interrupts his spiral. “Sherlock, relax. It’s all right. Breathe. She’s a friend. Only a friend now. Yes, we have a history. As in the past.  Remember our contract? I don’t have other sexual partners. But fuck the contract, I don’t want anyone else. I only want you. I love you. Tell me you understand.”
“Just so you know. I wouldn’t normally follow a guy into his bedroom, but in this case…because you’re gay and all, I suppose it’s OK.” Her eyes are twinkling as she teases him.
“What you did back there,” John begins, as they resume their journey home, “It was good. I’m proud of you.”
