“I don’t… I know. I just. Trust me, I know.” He shakes his head, and runs shaking fingers through his hair. He’s too deeply into his feelings, too close to the edge of panic, and he needs to step back, or fall over the ledge. As much as he loves Rhodey, he’s part of the problem right now. If Tony wants to have any chance of getting a grip on his feelings, he needs to make sure that there’s no one around to bear witness to them. He needs machinery, simple, logical machinery.  Something he can take apart, and put back together the exact same way every time. emotions, and the humans they belong to are too dynamic. Too much variable, not enough conclusive data. Tony sighs heavily, and pushes himself out of the chair, taking a deep breath to steady himself as soon as he’s standing.
“I'm… I'm sure you're gonna yell at me, Buck, just get it over with the silent broody look sets me on edge, you know it does.”
Steve's completely gutted with that one single text, and he stares at the screen so long, he feels his eyes start to go unfocused and tingly. So this is it, then.  The way the best relationship he ever had ends, is with bitterness, and insults.
"Very romantic, Steve," he says. There's no heat behind the statement, and his grin should be more than enough of a hint that he's joking. "Think I need another few minutes though," he adds, resting his forehead against Steve's shoulder. The alcohol has the unfortunate effect of making him sleepy - a tipsy Tony is a tired Tony - but he's fully willing to fight against the urge to shut his eyes and surrender to the dark if it means he gets to spend longer with Steve. A little loss of sleep sounds worth it.
, sweetheart."
Steve’s mind boggles, and he’s pretty sure that he actually staggers for a moment. He wants to argue, but the words make too much sense, it clears up too many questions. Why Tony’s the CEO of Stark Industries, the interest in Captain America, even the family resemblance, that Steve’d been denying to himself for months now. He can’t think of a single thing to say, and he must look like a fish out of water, his mouth opening and closing repeatedly, with nothing intelligent coming out. Tony smiles softly, and nods, like he’d gotten the answer to a question he’d been asking for a long time.
he'd saw. The floor was full of writhing bodies, and the strobes were flashing obnoxiously, so no small wonder one guy got lost. Steve growled in quiet frustration. “damnit.”
Steve’s in the kitchen of his apartment, the first time he hears it. The phrase ‘Civil War’, splashed across the bottom of the national news, impartial and unfeeling. The anchor is talking about riots at an apple store, following the release of the newest iPhone. That’s more important news, than the so called ‘Civil War’ between the avengers. The worst goddamn three months of his life, and it’s somehow less interesting, than a couple of white middle age moms mauling each other over a phone that’s less technologically advanced than the ones in their overpriced handbags. Not for the first time in his life, he wonders if coming out of the ice was actually to his own detriment.
“Night, Star…”
Quarantine SUCKS. have nearly three thousand words of pure winterhawk fluff, in this trying time?
Tony’s not stupid and he’s certainly not piss-drunk (yet), so he’s more than a little suspicious that somebody’s being so forward given that they’ve literally just met. He’s used to guys flirting right away – in places like this, they never really seem to want to waste any time, like Tony’s going to be distracted by a stray butterfly or something – but the flirting usually starts out more…subtly than this. A smile here a too-fake-laugh at something that definitely isn’t a joke there. Kissing his hand and talking about bed…Tony’s simultaneously turned on and terrified. His first thought is that Clint’s sent the guy over, or that he knows him somehow and has paid him in advance to do this, maybe as a joke to teach Tony about staying within the safe zone. That’s dismissed when he chances a glance over to the bar and sees Clint talking with Karen, not paying any attention to the floor.  Second thought is that this is somebody who wants to murder him – he’s not quite sure how anybody would’ve gotten hold of who he is and what he really does though – and third is that maybe this is real. Or as real as a one night stand can get.
He sighs, and sits up further on the couch. The prosthetics that Tony designed are fantastic, using nanites to attach into his synaptic knobs, allowing his legs to work more like they naturally would, instead of the machinery doing it all for him, but it’s still difficult to move. There’s a definite lag between commanding his body to move, and it actually obeying. When he spends something like a full 45 seconds moving around to get comfortable, and Tony doesn’t so much as look up from the rug, he scoffs, and grabs one of the gauche throw pillows that Pepper had to have bought, launching it across the room, and smirking as it bounces harmlessly off of his best friends head.
“you might say that. Always saw myself as one, anyhow.” He turns back to look through the small window on the door, the glass reinforced with wire mesh, to prevent shattering. “y’know, I served my country three times. Back when no one wanted to give me a chance. I still remember what it was like when people like me were considered crazy.” He laughs softly, and shakes his head softly. “kids these days have it so much easier. They can make their own futures.” Tony smirks softly, and folds his arms across his chest defensively, for no particular reason whatsoever.
Tony's not the best with car journeys at certain times, is pretty sure his body now has an automatic response of dosing him with adrenaline if he's travelling faster than a certain speed - one too many firefights where he's stuck in the passenger seat of Clint's car certainly make an impression on a guy - and he's more than a little shocked in his less than sober state that he's not sporting any bullet wounds. There are a few scars that he's definitely not excited for Steve to see, because Steve seems virtually flawless and Tony's volunteered himself as bait one too many times in recent months. The bruises are all long gone, but the various scars - bullet, knife, electrical wire - remained. Tony steps out of the car and reaches up to pull Steve down into another kiss. It's late enough and cold enough that, for once, he's not overly concerned about someone seeing him. When they pull back from each other, it takes more effort than Tony'd care to admit to stop himself from panting, instead glancing behind Steve and raising an eyebrow at the building that greets him.
“good night then?”
"I miss you too. So much, Tony. I can't... I can't breathe through it sometimes. God, I want you here, beside me..." Pregnant, married, happy. All the things you deserve. All the things I took from you. "Everything's so... Fucked up." Tony chuckles, but there’s no humor in it.
It takes every little scrap of will that Steve has left, not to break down in tears all over again, but he's not exactly sure over what. Relief, because Tony isn't angry, because they're finally talking. Hope, because those words are what he's been craving to hear, since he dropped the shield. Terror, because what if it's all a trap. What if this is to lure him back Home, and hand him over to the UN on a silver platter. Worse, what if it's not, and he manages to fuck it up again, ruins whatever chance they could have had? Eventually, he realizes he's been quiet too long and he sighs, attempting to gather his thoughts.
“Yeah. He created the vita ray. Not to mention half the weapons Cap ever touched, HYDRA swag not included.” Steve feels something ugly cross his face, and a muscle in his jaw tics and jumps with the effort of restraint.
“Edward. Edward Anthony.” Steve scoffs quietly, or else he must show some derision on his face, because Edward fixes him with an unimpressed look.
“who, Tony?” Ed shrugs, like it should be obvious. “I’m not like him, I
“Don't worry, I'll make sure it isn't a repeat performance. If… if you wanna… be with me still, I mean.” And his chest clenches painfully with the mere idea that he might not. He blushes lightly and scratches at the back of his neck, looking down. “I also… um. I have a few confessions to make, to you, and, and to Bucky too… because despite what our first night looked like I
He pulls back slowly, letting himself draw back until only the head of his cock is left inside Tony, and he plunges forward, at a natural pace. There’s a groan in the back of his throat, and it only gets louder as he pulls his hips back again, pushing forward faster, quickly setting a fast and brutal pace.
"The Hunt has no reason to want one of our own anywhere near
“your fashion statement is a crime,” before falling back into quiet thought.
He rubs the back of his hands over his eyes, and looks back at the flower, since there’s little else to do. He feels a gust of not-quite amused laughter working through his lungs and nose without his permission. Suddenly he remembers why he recognizes the damn plant. It’s an opium poppy. Steve thinks that if Tony was around to see it, he’d appreciate the irony.
Steve’s brain is caught up in a loop of “oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.” And his thought process is much much slower than he’d like for it to be. He’s still trying to connect the dots of why Bucky’s here, how he knew where he was, and why the hell he looks so pissed, when he hears the barely there whisper of ‘red star’. The gallery is two stories tall, and Steve’s pretty sure his heart drops a good five. “Tony, wait”, he pleads, coming closer to the edge of the bed, where the brunette has escaped. He can’t think of anything to say that doesn’t sound like the most cliché thing. He wants to tell Tony it’s an open relationship, because it is, but that’s going to sound like a lie right now, because if it was, why wouldn’t he have said so in the beginning? Because this was supposed to be a one night stand. Right. Steve sighs, and looks to Bucky for help. “Bucky… Bucky, Jesus Christ!”
Tony,is a little shit. Bucky's decided. He keeps telling him what to do in his own house. Steve's… own... house. Whatever! It's irritating. He sits down on the edge of the bed and unlaces his shoes before kicking them off. This bed is so so soft… He closes his eyes, just for a minute, just for a second or two. He's gonna give Tony a piece of his mind when he gets back in here, he's going to say everything he's been holding back for the last three weeks. But for now, a nap… He dreams, briefly. Of Steve when they were younger. Of the way it felt when he looked at him /that/ way. The flutter in his chest feels almost real even now. But it never hurt like this, did it?
Steve’s usually a patient man. Slow to anger, quick to forgive. But something about this, about being so fucking close to the answer, and still further away than ever is just enough to make him lose his composure. He’s standing before he realizes it, and he’s glaring daggers down at Ed. “Why would you come here, if you’re not any use to me! Why come find us, just to rub it in my face?!”
His personal phone’s on the nightstand, right next to him. It’s entirely too easy to reach over, swipe the simple lock screen pattern, and fire up a quick Google search. But Tony’s not in the news. Not for Stark Industries, not for the UN, not for the Avengers, or even for trashy Celeb tabloids. It’s like he just… fell off the face of the planet, a month or so after Siberia. The most recent article that Steve can find mentions a brief hospital stint, and that makes his stomach churn. That… that has to be something that he did. That has to be injuries sustained in that god forsaken bunker, and being left in a frozen tundra, in a nonfunctioning suit. Steve slams his phone down, shoving it under the pillows, and turning over to get ready for sleep. He nestles the burner phone in its rightful place on the low bookshelf next to his bed, plugging it in, even though he hasn’t the vaguest clue as to why.
“Yeah, well. Consider it a whole lot less science fiction, and a lot more science fact.” He turns back to look at Tony, and something shadowy and dark falls over his face. He huffs a hiss out through his teeth. “looks bad.” He offers apropos of nothing. Steve doesn’t know why, but he instantly feels himself getting defensive.
“Do you know how long he’s been sober?” she asks softly, and steve sighs. He can picture it clearly, thanks to the serum, the eidetic memory that’s both a blessing and a curse, the chip laying on the bookshelf in Tony’s penthouse apartment. He wasn’t supposed to see it, he’s sure, but then again it wasn’t hiding either. A black thing, with golden writing emblazoned on it, the inscription simple.
Natasha raises an eyebrow at Bucky. It’s not as though she hasn’t seen him with his forehead pressed against the bar she’s just wiped down before – as annoying as ever – but it’s rarely over Steve going missing. “I’m sure somebody’s got an idea of where he’s gone,” she says, tone tinged with faint disinterest. “Maybe one of the techs can trace his phone? Frank’s been holed up in the VIP booth all night running diagnostics, and he’s either dosed off or taken something to keep him awake. You that concerned about him, Barnes?”
"If I could turn the page, in time I'd rearrange just a day or two. close my, close my eyes, but I couldn't find a way, so I'll settle for one day, to believe in you. Tell me, tell me, tell me lies."-Little lies.
“Steve, don’t you think I want to? Don’t you think this is killing me every bit as much as it is you? I’d love to tell you how to fix him. But I can’t. I can’t do that, or I’ll throw everything off balance.”
“Comes with the territory.” he shrugs. “Kinda need to know the competition. Mob life isn’t exactly the friendliest profession.” though, he does summon over the bartender, and order another of the dark red abominations in front of the Hunts enforcer. Clint reaches for his wallet, and Bucky shakes his head. “Like I said. On the house.” the air seems charged between them, for a moment or two, while they wait for the tender to come back, with a second square cut glass, chilled, this time, because Bucky actually likes himself. He takes a slow drink, waiting for the burn of something awful.
Tony takes her with the most tender grasp he can, almost afraid to hurt her. She squirms gently, and blinks open startlingly ice blue eyes, and tony could swear he feels his heart burst with affection. “Hi, baby.” He laughs softly. “hi.” He spends a truly inordinate amount of time looking down at their twins, and when he looks up at Steve, he realizes they’re both crying. He reaches out gently, to touch Steve’s face, and for the first time, in months, he’s not worried about the fallout from the Civil War. He’s not worried about Ross, or  the Accords, or any other thank that so short a time ago, seemed so important. He smiles softly, at Steve, and huffs out a quiet laugh.
I don't believe it's bad
“and you weren’t supposed to blow our cover either, but here we are.” He growls disinterestedly at Steve. “How do you know who I am, kid?” he lobbies at Tony, his glare as cold as ever, and his aim with the gun not wavering in the slightest.
The first sign that this is going to be a massive nightmare is all the furtive looks Steve’s getting from the medical team. As the point man, it’s his job to stand around and look pretty, assist in whatever way he can, until a team member is patched up, or adequately transferred back to base. More often than not, he gets completely ignored, which is fine by him, but today… every single medic that he walks past looks up at him, and back down to their tasks. Something is wrong, but no one quite has the guts to tell him what.
Steve huffs out a quiet breath, and drops his forehead to rest against Tony's. “Thank fuck” he manages quietly, before his hands trail down the brunettes body, and still at his hips, gripping tightly and holding him in place while he rolls his hips forward slowly at first, then with building speed. It's good it's so good, Tony's all tight wet heat, even with the damping effect of the condom, and Steve can't help but to moan quietly into the airspace they share. Tony's eyes are open, which, for some reason, is surprising to Steve. He can't bring himself to question it too much though, because they're beautiful, they're alive, almost, with a sparkle that's truly enchanting. Steve almost rolls his eyes at himself, because it figures he'd get all poetic during a one-night stand.
U sets a mug of something—herbal tea, maybe, if the smell is anything to go by—on the desk next to Tony, and both bots watch him expectantly. “’m not going to bed,” he mutters, reaching out to pat Dum-E’s claw. “Too early.”
Steve tenses, where he’s leaned up against the kitchen counter, and flicks his eyes over to Tony, to gage his reaction. Which is… nothing. He’s staring uninterrupted, at his StarkPad, sipping his coffee. Figures he’s used to this by now.
“Don’ worry about it right now. There’s a lotta red tape, and bureaucracy, but basically, Steve told T’challa you were pregnant, and he sent us both right back. We’re political asylees with the nation of Wakanda, so there’s not a lot they can do to us right now.  Rhodey realized you were in labor, brought you here. When me ‘n Stevie showed up, he went to go talk to Ross, see if there’s something he can do for the rest of the rogues.” Tony nods, slowly, while he processes it all. He still has more questions (doesn’t think anyone couldn’t, after all of that.) but… they can wait for now.
Tony sighs, in that dramatic way that only he can, and he’s instantly complaining, before Clint’s two scant syllables have died in his throat. “Why is it impossible to find good, sane, safe, no strings attached dick, these days?”
Steve wants to argue, wants to spend the entirety of the night up just starting at Tony, taking comfort in this thing they have, asking him stupid questions and learning everything about him, but he yawns Midway through the first word and yeah, maybe they could use some sleep. He cups Tony's face softly and kisses the breath out of him, before smiling dopily and snuggling into the pillow. “G’night baby.” He says softly. He's asleep before he hears the reply. **
"'m good," he says, and it's not a lie for the first time in a couple months. "Busy with work, but what else is new?" He shrugs slightly, rolls his shoulders and cracks his neck. "Have you been okay?" he asks, and he almost sounds hesitant, like he doesn't want the answer. "I really am sorry about the wait, sweetheart. I overestimated my abilities, thought I'd get the number within a few days, not a few weeks." And Tony just prays that he hasn't hurt Steve, though his gut tells him that he probably has. Still, there should be plenty of time to make up for it now that they're actually talking again.
He’s just gearing up for a truly spectacular breakdown, when he hears a familiar voice behind him.
Steve's eyes roam hungrily over Tony's now exposed chest, and he feels the exact instant that his mouth goes dry. Some of the scars he's noticing are pretty bad, a few that look like they might have been taken care of at home. not that alarming, given the state of the healthcare system these days. One scar looks like it might be a gunshot scar, but hey, who the hell is he to judge, he thinks, self-consciously touching along his own stomach. He actively focuses on putting those thoughts aside, and nods, tugging his hoodie and t shirt off all at the same time, as he steps towards Tony, crowding him toward the bedroom. “God, yes” he growls, a mere second before pulling him in for a rough needy kiss.
Bucky tenses near imperceptibly at that, at Steve's admission, though he doesn't make any moves to get away from Steve or to shut the conversation down. He's pretty sure they've survived through worse than this, through several near-death experiences, but this feels more like he's dying than any of the times he actually was. This isn't anything he and Steve have had to navigate before, and he's so scared, even if he's not going to admit it. Sighing, Bucky leans his head against Steve's.
Logically, in the back of his head, Tony knows he has to shut this down, that he and Steve can't sleep together, and they definitely can't spend an entire cycle together. He told Rhodey he'd be gone for two weeks, but spending almost a week in heat and then a week generally with Steve (if he can stay that long) is only going to mean Tony's returning home smelling like him.
[I don't...  You don't owe me anything, Tony.  Believe me I know that.  but for what it's worth... I'm worried about you.  Are you alright?]
Clint is partway through a sip of the drink in question, when Bucky’s question hits him. He nearly spits it all over the nice bartop. “It’s… dude it’s sloe gin.” the blank look that Bucky gives him is the most hilarious thing he’s seen, since the gif of a crow sliding down a snowy windshield that he’d gotten stuck watching on repeat for twenty minutes, this morning. “Like… gin, and ….sloes? Like the… the fruit” Bucky blinks, and raises a single eyebrow, unimpressed.
Steve smirks when he sees Bucky's jaw tense at Clint's comment about the wrath of heaven and hell. He's not sure exactly what words his husband's trying to keep behind his teeth, but he knows him well enough to know that whatever it is, it isn't nice. Once Clint's gone, Steve sighs and presses a gentle kiss to Tony's cheek.
“Are you gonna tell him the truth or am I?” His voice is sharp as the edge of a blade, and he’s not afraid to pull the trigger if he has to. He’s killed enough people for less serious offences, but crossing Steve, potentially (likely) intending to
“Howard Stark created the Vita-Ray, Tony.” He knows he sounds angry, and he hates that, but he’ll be damned if Howards memory is misrepresented. Tony takes a step forward, and sticks his hand out, like he’s waiting for a handshake.
“You’re fulla bullshit, Stevie. Send Tony my best.” Steve rolls his eyes, but he needs to leave quickly, to prevent the blush on his cheeks from blowing his cover.
“Awh c’mon Tony, everyone's gotta have hobbies.” He carefully doesn’t say that he loves here, because that’s a lie, and lying’s the last thing he wants to do to Tony. For reasons he still doesn’t quite understand. He also fails to mention that half of the art is his, because really, does it matter? It's not like he wants to actually /date/ this guy right? This is about pure attraction, a quick fuck with a pretty guy he met in a club. That easy. He throws open the door, and steps back allowing Tony to head in before he does. The apartment is clean, and blissfully devoid of all weapons and drugs, for once. Steve smiles gently, self-deprecatingly “Home sweet home.” Tony turns back around to face Steve, presses another kiss to his cheek because it's ridiculously difficult to say no to what his body wants to do when he's like this. There's also the unfortunate fact that he recently realized - or, it was pointed out to him by Logan and Karen - that he's a stupidly tactile person when he hasn't been drinking, and any alcohol seems to just increase that want tenfold.
Tony huffs out a quiet breath that's almost a chuckle, and shakes his head slightly, wriggling around for a few moments until he's turned around and is facing Steve. He knows that a good few hours have passed since he and Steve fell asleep, evidence by the fact that it's sunset outside, and really that says a lot given that they met before noon and sun doesn't set until eight or nine at night in the summer. It means neither of them have been sleeping, and being together allows them to do that a little easier, even if Steve still has his nightmares.
“I want you here too,” Tony says, the words falling past one another in an effort to get out of his mouth before he can change his mind. It’s absolutely terrifying admitting to that, even after everything Steve’s put him through. He feels like an abused puppy that always ends up crawling back to the owner that just kicked it. And he knows that isn’t a fair comparison because Steve never has been abusive, but Siberia…It confuses things. A lot.
Tony manages to hold back the noise he wants to let out at that, instead settling on a smile before he leans forward to kiss Steve again, only breaking off when he knows the need for oxygen is becoming too urgent.
There’s a nice, if confused looking paramedic, looking at him, like she’s waiting for the answer to a question.
So kiss me like you did, My heart stopped beating. Such a softer sin" -I caught Fire
Except… it never comes. Because it’s… not that bad. It’s sweet, and floral, and it explodes over his tastebuds, like a memory. He’s heard that scent is the strongest memory sensation, but he’s never had something that evoked such synesthesia like this, a taste, conjuring the memory of a smell. It tastes like… lavender. The way it is in the summer, thick and cloying in the air around it, the kind of smell that sticks to your skin and clothes, just by the simple act of you walking by. It tastes like the way his mas garden has always smelled, green, and lush, and overcrowded, not in the messy unkempt way, but the wild, untamable way that always made it easy to pretend that he was trapped in a jungle, or lost in undiscovered wilds, as a kid. It reminds him of his wedding day. How the soft breeze made the entire house smell like a florists haven, from the very first light, until long past the time that the sun dipped low beyond the horizon. It’s such a specific taste, and Buckys eyebrows furrow, as he tries to chase it, desperate to describe what it is, that brings call to such a strong emotional response in him. Clints voice is hoarse, when he speaks, and his gaze is zeroed in on Bucky, intent and bright, even despite the alcohol.
JSOC had stormed the tower not moments after Steve took off, and he answered what felt like a thousand and one questions. He told them… a variation on the truth, which he tells himself makes it a little less awful. As far as they know, Steve had been in the tower, though he doesn’t know why. Really, Rhodey came in on the tail end of the conversation. He heard something about Steve hiding out in Canada, and he’s just /certain/ that as soon as Tony’s conscious, and able to talk, he’ll be willing to corroborate. It’s not much of a head start. But it’s what he can do. Literally, the least he can do, since he’s the one that called Ross in the first place.
Okoye is the one that ‘rescues’ Steve, and frankly he’s never been more terrified of silence. She watches him, pacing around the enclosed area of the jet, but offers absolutely nothing in terms of her thoughts, or any news on… any front, and it’s absolutely nervewracking, to have nothing to go on. He must be sighing, because at one point, she looks at him, and with the most minute inclination of her head, stares directly into his soul. He’s just about to the point of losing his goddamned mind, when she says the only helpful thing he’s heard all day. “we’re approaching Wakandan airspace. T’challa is waiting for you.” Steve’s worked up enough at this point, that that simple news is almost enough to break him.
"Can shower in the morning," he says, and it takes everything in him to bite back a yawn. "And, for the record, I'm twenty-six, not sixty-two; I'll be right as rain in the morning." He might need painkillers for the inevitable hangover in the morning, but that's a different story entirely. He's also not entirely sure how many people he's given his real age to, usually hitting as high as he thinks he can with thirty to thirty-three, and even those earn him some raised eyebrows. That's why he tends to stay behind the metaphorical curtain when it comes to missions. Well, that, and Howard Stark's son isn't supposed to be associated with the mob.
Spending time with Tony is always easy. deceptively moreso than it should be, but all good things come to an end, and Clint is starting to get antsy, sitting in one place. It doesn’t help that he’s pressed up against the arm of the couch, his spine at a strange and cramped angle, while tony snores on him. Fucking guy always has been like a toddler, leave him alone and unentertained for more than ten minutes, and the chances that he’d be passed out sooner than later were astronomical. The sight brings a small smile to Clint’s lips, even though it probably shouldn’t. He probably shouldn’t be allowed to think of his friend, in endearing terms like this, but fuck it, no one’s policing his thoughts, that he’s aware of. So, he’ll find it cute if he damn well wants to.
Agent 13 tosses down a dossier, kept together neatly with a length of twine, though the manila folder that screams ‘military issue’ is still bursting at the seams. Whoever this is for, clearly has a record and a half.
He pulls Steve down for another kiss, wrapping his legs around Steve's waist to bring him impossibly closer. The next thrust is rougher than the last, hitting up against Tony's prostate, and Tony comes, untouched, with a broken moan half muffled against Steve's lips. Steve moans softly, into the kiss that’s more teeth and tongue than it is, anything else. Watching Tony come apart around him, the beautiful way his body tenses and releases rhythmically, as he shakes through it, is almost enough to drive him to the brink of insanity. His thrusts, which were already sporadic and frantic, lose just a touch more finesse, and he clutches Tony as close to him as he can. His knot is catching now, making every thrust a disjointed, uncoordinated thing, and he’s maybe a few thrusts away from not being able to pull out again.
The first few drips aren’t so bad, but it gets steadily worse, to the point that he needs to find something to staunch it with, or risk staining his clothes, and making himself look like a crime scene. It’s such a minor reach, just over the sink are the paper towels he needs, it isn’t any more than he reaches for every day. But it hurts. It hurts, in his lower stomach, right at the ages old surgery scar. It hurts, not like standard, run of the mill, ‘all of my muscles are readjusting’ pain, it hurts like he’s being ripped apart.
Before the overdose, before the betrayal, the morning after.
“A week.” Tony promises, staring at his alpha across the breakfast bar, desperate to reach out and touch him. “give me a week, and I’ll tell the team I’m moving back to the tower. I’ll strip all the old security codes, make it a fortress.”
“Red Star.” It’s breathless, and it’s disbelieving, and he’s going to tell himself that there isn’t a layer of betrayal in there as well. If Steve’s married to James Buchanan Barnes of Red Star, that means Tony’s just slept with the enemy without even knowing it. They don’t know who he is, of course, no way that they could, but he’s terrified nonetheless. "You know what," he says in a more audible tone, grabbing the sheet so he doesn't expose himself to Barnes and standing up to go retrieve his clothes, moving quickly. "I'm gonna---I'm gonna go, and we can all pretend that this never happened."
shame. Steve briefly considers taking him to his actual house, but he knows Bucky would string him up for all of the neighbors to see, if he did, so he sighs, and makes a split-second decision to take him to the apartment over the gallery. It was kind of his pet project, and honestly a fair bit more personal than he would usually want to get, but Tony's too intoxicating to turn down, and he's not about to pay for a hotel, because that screams 'sleeze’. He smiles winningly and winks, hitting the fob to unlock his Camaro, the low-key car, and holds the door open for Tony.
"Seemed to stop my breath, My head on your chest Waiting to cave in.
“I didn’t… I didn’t realize the addiction had gotten so bad, Steve. I used to go to AA every week, and then I just… I got busy. One drink became two, became three, became more days drunk than there were sober. We were so busy last week, so many people to fight, I guess… I wasn’t drinking as much. that combined with my heart issues, caused me to have a seizure. One wouldn’t have been much of a damage, but I got electrocuted by one of the mutant kids in the last fight, and the shock set my brain off again. not enough time to recover between seizures, made it just sort of… give up.”
[so trigger warning, for minorly gruesome torture of a minor character. It’s incredibly brief, and I’ll put it between three *’s so you know where to skip to, if you don’t want to read it!]
Bucky hates these fucking stairs. They’re steep, and uneven, and a bitch to navigate when it snows, which, wouldn’t you know it, it did last night. He’s grumbling to himself by the time he gets to the top, but he sets his personal grudge with them aside, to unlock the door and push it open. He’s seen his husband in a lot of positions before. He’s seen him nearly beat to death by some mobster, with a headcold so bad his nose looked three times its normal size, and he sounded like a cartoon, hell he’s even seen him beat other people to within an inch of their lives, and sometimes beyond. But for some reason, he really isn’t prepared to see him curled up in bed with a pretty little Brunette thing, kissing him like he was the oxygen he needed to survive. Bucky resists the urge to scoff, scream, or sob, and leans up against the doorframe of the bedroom.
Slit my throat it's all I ever..." -Otherside
Steve makes a wounded sound, something not unlike a sob and hangs his head. “There was… there was one. I… I was so fucking blitzed, I dropped X at the club, and I thought... I thought it would be ok.” Steve's eyes are closed, and his eyelids flutter softly. “I took too much, I… it was only once and I… I've been...tested.” he sighs and shakes his head, still unable to look at either of them. “I'm clean. And...the needles, the needles we're always clean, I never shared.” Bucky narrows his grey eyes and fixes them to a point on Steve's forehead. “That ain't all of it.” He knows his Stevie, he /knows/ when he lies, or when there's something eating at him and the lack of eye contact is telling. “Steve?” “I... I got tested at the hospital. When... I... I overdosed, Bucky, I'm /so/ sorry.”
It’s easy enough to get sucked into circuitry, and electronics when he gets properly settled. He’s got music on, something frantic enough to keep him out of his thoughts, and loud enough that he feels it in his chest. Probably not great for his hearing, but fuck his hearing at this point. Maybe if he manages to go deaf, he’ll finally stop hallucinating the metallic clang of vibranium smashing against Nitinol. (which wasn’t a bad idea for the last suit, it proved to be light enough to make flight les of an issue, and it should be easy enough to reshape, even after the heavy damage it took. If he can ever stop ignoring it, where it sits in the corner of his lab, a tarp draped over it.)
Tony looks like shit, and it’s clear that he’s dissociating , but that’s all that Steve has to go on, and it’s not
Tony swears he saw something flash across Steve’s face, quick and fleeting and it looked downright painful. He doesn’t know if it’s something he’s done, prays to every deity he can think of that it isn’t. It’s not his place to ask, he knows that for definite, so he settles on trailing another couple kisses along Steve’s jawline, then captures his lips for a proper kiss, slower and considerably more gentle than earlier. He pulls back with a grin.
Steve’s eyes are closed, and he’s in all honesty probably closer to sleep than he is, wake. The two bundles that he’s holding on his chest are tiny, wiggly little people, and Tony’s heart swells in his chest, to the point that he wonders if he’s a risk for another heart attack. He reaches out with a nervous finger, and lightly touches one of the pups’ face, dragging his fingertip through  a mop of dark brown curls, not unlike his own. He’s so captivated by the tiny human in front of him, that the deep growl that splits the air around him, scares him enough to make him jump.
“I’m gonna die, aren’t I?” Tony blinks at her, confused, at first, and then he sees it. The bright red splotches of color seeping through her shirt, and clinging to her skin. Blood. Instantly, he’s on high alert, and he’s stepping forward, eager, desperate to help. As an Avenger, he sees his fair share of blood, but he’s absolutely not prepared to see it, in this case. On a girl, who can’t be more than sixteen. Tony reaches out, and pulls her closer, reaching for her arm to look at it.
With a half-hearted sigh, Tony nods his agreement. “Yes, Bucky, he’s very beautiful,” he says, and he tries to keep any signs of being angry out of his tone. He’s not angry at Bucky, doesn’t think he could bring himself to be angry at someone who’s so clearly going through a hard emotional time, but he’s definitely angry at himself for not stopping Bucky from leaving earlier. Tony climbs out of the bed, points at where he was just lying next to Steve. “You, take your shoes and your jacket off and get in. I’m gonna go grab a glass of water for when you wake up, okay?” He doesn’t wait for a response, brushing past Bucky to get to the kitchen and figure out where the hell Steve keeps the glasses. Under different circumstances, he’s sure that he’d be self-conscious about walking around in his boxers in front of his boyfriend’s—is that what Steve is now?—husband, but he sincerely doubts Bucky will remember half of this in the morning, so he’s not too worried about it.
“FRIDAY. FRI, don’t!” he says, feeling this situation start to slip out of his hands. Exactly like he was expecting, the AI chimes indifferently. At least she has the decency to sound regretful when she gives them the news Steve had been dreading.
Tony smiles, and shakes his head, an evil grin splitting his face. “absolutely not a chance in hell.”
Tony smiles at that, because this isn't the first time someone's told him he's distracting. Granted, it's usually Pepper when she's trying to work through paperwork, or Rhodey when he's writing up police reports, or Clint when Tony's ordering take-out with the comms still active on missions. This is a welcome change.
Long since used to his type of verbal abuse, Peter does little more than roll his eyes. “she’s not a thousand years old. Just because she’s in a nursing home doesn’t mean she’s geriatric, you Neanderthal.”
like this. Steve quickly lets go of Tony’s hand (not quite remembering when he picked it up, oddly enough) and faces the door. “This is a private room.”
"Don't have to apologize," Tony says softly, kissing up Steve's neck and finishing with his lips. "You've got your important work done. And I got sleep. Win-win."
Tony’s pretty sure that, after tonight, he’s going to adopt an unfront and honest policy with all of his friends. Just…tell them the majority of things they need to know about what he’s doing and why, because this is one hell of an emotional rollercoaster and he’s not entirely sure when it’s going to end. Lying in bed with Steve is nice, yeah, and he doesn’t particularly mind the lack of sex because it means they’re…something. They’re something more than just a one night stand, and it looks like they might actually talk about what that means in the morning, or whenever Bucky returns, but he doesn’t want to hold his breath. Also doesn’t want to risk getting himself excited about the possibility of a relationship only for whatever Steve has to say next to ruin it. So, Tony swallows against the lump in his throat, scoots a little closer to Steve because the distance between them feels gargantuan. “What’s up, Stevie?” he asks, and he tries to keep his expression level and open, give Steve a way to know that he’s not going to be judged. Tonight has been a lot, Tony’s not going to lie, but he’s still unwilling to give up on something that could be great just because Steve’s fallen down.
Steve knows a stronger man would argue. a more patient man would insist on getting to three fingers, but he isn't stronger, or more patient. He's weak and needy, and he can feel the wet spot on the front of his boxers growing, and he's pretty sure he's already half out of his mind with need. He leans back and hooks his thumbs into his boxers before dragging them off and tossing them into the floor.
bothered if Pepper catches on, sure, but that's because she'll try to run background checks on Steve and that never ends well. "It was a good intense though. Didn't really think you had a secret accent - that's pretty hot."
"I miss you too," Tony says, voice loud in the quiet bathroom. His fingers are trailing along the scar on the underside of his stomach now, because it would be so easy to tell Steve. It would be so easy to put it all out in the open and get it off his mind, clear his conscience even if he knows he has nothing to feel guilty about. But Steve would. Steve would blame himself and not want to meet up, even if the doctors Tony asked all told him the same thing: the trauma from Siberia isn't what caused the miscarriage. He hesitates for a moment. "Steve?" he says, and doesn't wait for a response before continuing. "Don't... Can you not take scent blockers? I don't... I don't like them -- they make you smell too clinical and not...not like you. I want to be with you, not you on five different medications.” Steve’s shocked, he can’t say he’s not, but he loves this omega than any other thing on the damn planet, and he couldn’t tell him no, if his life depended on it. He swallows thickly, and nods, feeling his stomach flip in nervous anticipation.
“I wasn—” Tony doesn’t even finish his sentence, before Rhodey is rolling his eyes, and preparing to turn back to his file, and there’s another pathetic whimper that comes from the vicinity of the overstuffed chair Tony’s occupying. “I
It’s too soon. It’s too soon, and it’s too much, and they haven’t talked about anything yet, they shouldn’t be doing any of this, but It’s so
“Ok, so we’re both inside my melon. That’s… great.” He scoffs, and shrugs sarcastically. If he’s going to go insane, he might as well go for broke, right? “so let me guess, I have to choose, right? B-between staying here, in the real world, or passing over to the rainbow bridge or whatever?” Steve prime gives him a longsuffering look, and Tony scoffs again. “yeah, thanks, invasion of the Steve snatchers, thanks but no thanks.”
“Great minds think alike, I guess.”
“step away from the table.” He growls, jerking his head in the direction of the living room. It’s still a tense situation, even if weapons are set aside, and Clint doesn’t exactly look comfortable moving further into the room, so Steve makes a good faith motion, and steps over first. Bucky still looks like he’s a few tense seconds from ripping Clint’s throat out, so Steve hooks a hand under his bicep and tugs him along too. Steve sighs, and pushes a hand through his blond hair.
“Or we could open the floor to other suggestions,” Tony says, and the statement lifts up at the end, rendering it more of a question than anything concrete. “Y’know, Steve, something that doesn’t end in me dying because you left out a pretty damn crucial piece of information. ‘Oh, hey, I have a husband,’ would’ve sufficed.”
Tony’s in the middle of tugging his shirt off over his head when the phone goes off where he’s set it on the counter. He tries to maintain his breathing, level and easy, as he lets his fingers trace over the scar beneath his stomach. He hates the fact that they’d needed to open him up to repair damage to the walls of his uterus and stop the risk of him bleeding out, because it’s left him with a scar that looks similar enough to the ones omegas are left with if they choose to have a c-section, and that…that hurts too much to think about. How he should have Steve here, with him, and they should have a baby in a cot by their bed, and instead he has neither.
“sorry. It was so… vivid.” He shakes his head, and whines when the motion causes him to feel dizzy. “fuck… sorry.” He closes his eyes for a few more moments, waiting for the world to stop spinning so damned much. Eventually, he fells more secure in his orientation, and he rolls over, wrapping an arm around Tony, and pulling him closer. “don’t usually do that.” He sighs softly, and rolls his shoulder just slightly, not surprised when the muscle tightens, resisting the motion. “guess ‘m far enough gone that my instincts are fucking with me. Do uh… you want me to go to another room?”
Immediately, Tony's worried. If there's something that's happened in the last three weeks and Steve hasn't told Bucky about it, it has to be bad. He doesn't immediately say anything about that though, instead reaches out to gently lift Steve's chin back up, make him look him in the eyes instead of down at the floor.
Tony tries to bite back a grin, knows from experience that it’s a little difficult to kiss effectively when you’re smiling like an idiot, but he can’t really help himself. He does, however, manage to keep a comment about Steve ‘being easy’ to himself, because even if the guy walked right into that one, Tony doesn’t know if it’ll be perceived as a joke or an insult, and he doesn’t want to risk it. “Can’t exactly argue with that kind of logic, now, can I?” is what he voices instead, with something of a crooked smirk before he leans in to kiss Steve again. He’s got absolutely no qualms about making out with him for a while longer if Steve’s content enough to do so, and Tony’s already wondering if it would be too bold to ask for his number, or give Steve his. Alternatively, if he gets his hands on his phone, he can lock onto the signal from Steve’s and hack into it, though placing his number in Steve’s phone that way seems a little creepy, and a whole lot like it would give away that Tony’s not who he says he is. Which is to say, a normal guy with a normal job, albeit Howard Stark’s son.
romantic, darling.” He pulls back, and bats his eyelashes sarcastically. The laugh that follows is light and carefree in a way it hasn't been, in a while. One of his hands settles on Tony's cheek, and he smiles slowly. “'s ok to sleep if you want. I won't be
“Tony? Tones! C’mon, buddy, I need you to tell me what’s going on.” Tony gasps hard, and screws his eyes shut, against another wave of pain. His hands clutch at his stomach, as his brain flounders for words that even sort of make sense.
Steve smiles softly, and presses a soft kiss to Tony’s lips. He’s hesitant, he can tell, and that hurts, probably more than it has any logical right to. It’s not like this was meant to be any type of relationship, Tony has a life and responsibilities, and friends to get back to. It isn’t personal. No matter how much it feels like it is. “fine, then, lunch. We can compromise. I’m easy.” He can’t help but to pull tony closer, and kiss him again. “just as soon as I’m done kissing you.”
after these long months, is chasing away the last of the bitter cold nightmares. Steve’s just about to the point of feeling halfway himself, when Tony rolls his hips against his. Steve breaks away from the kiss, with a sudden gasp, and he stares down at Tony, unsure. He’s ready to reassure Tony that it’s ok, that he doesn’t need to worry about them actually spending the heat together, but he’s seen that look before, that determined expression, that says ‘I won’t quit until I’ve finished what I started.’ It goes straight to his cock, and he growls softly.
Steve can't help the sigh of relief that escapes him, he had been so fucking certain that the brunette wouldn't come to him, wouldn't want anything to do with him after everything. God knows it would serve him right. He buries his nose in the top of Tony's head, pressing a kiss there, and slowly breathing his soft clean scent. When he pulls back, a smile is on his lips.
He can pinpoint the exact second his brain kicks into gear, sending about five different mixed signals about what he should do: shove Steve off the bed, apologize to Steve’s husband—(good God, Tony feels like a fool, naïve and willing to accept that maybe Steve was different) – get his clothes on so that he can storm out, curse Steve out in Italian – (Maria’s heritage is definitely good for something) – or maybe he should do all of the above. He tries to not pay any attention to the tight feeling in his chest, knows he’ll be making an angry phone call to Clint after this (because angry is better than tearful), but there’s still something off about this guy. About Steve’s husband. When it clicks, Tony’s pretty sure that he won’t be alive to call Clint, because his mouth’s working before his brain’s given it permission, and he doesn’t have anything to say about Steve.
Despite the first encounter that tony had had with another person in limbo (limbo-er? Limboite? There’s a nickname there somewhere.) wandering the halls of the hospital, is more than less quiet. He’s able to go through wards and rooms as he likes, get all the way up to the rooftop gardens, and all the way down to the boiler room. He’s intimately familiar now, with the supply closets, and he knows that a nurse named Martha, in radiology, is stealing printer toner. In mass amounts. At one point, he follows a couple out of the emergency room doors, and he steps onto the sidewalk, but something worries him. Something primal, and frightened, and base, tells him that he shouldn’t head that way. So he turns back around, and heads further into the maze of medical wonders.
He’s expecting Tony to sit at his heavy ornate desk, or take up a seat on the overstuffed armchair facing the window, or, hell, remain standing and face him directly, what he isn’t expecting, is for the smaller man to move to the breaker box, next to a bookcase, and flip a switch. He’s in the middle of wondering what the hell he could possibly be doing, when he takes a step forward, and swings the case wide, like the false door it is. Steve must make some sound of surprise, because in the next instant, Tony is smirking at him, hand on the door, holding it open behind him.
Steve’s not sure what makes him do it, doesn’t know what devil jumps into his mouth, and makes him speak his thoughts into reality, but he does. He does, and saying it, is like feeling a thousand pound weight lifted off of his shoulders.
One of Steve's eyebrows quirks up at that.
“Okay. That’s… how far did he fall, is there much left of the suit? Maybe we can have medical go over the footage that FRIDAY picked up?” Clint looks up toward the sky, and Steve feels his stomach flip over for every inch more that his eyes travel up. Finally, mercifully, they stop, and Steve swallows thickly.
That's... A surprisingly sweet offer. It's nice, not something Bucky gets typically, but he doesn't know what to do with it right now so he makes a vague hand motion that's meant to denote 'thanks, we'll talk about it later.' Steve sighs and it's a heavy, tired thing. “I know, Buck, I know you did, I'm sorry. New kid…” he sighs again, and bites his lip, trying to find the best way explain this.” new kid, wade. Ran across him movin’ product on my side of town, busted him, told him to scram. He uses, so he had the needles on him. I took it when I confiscated the rest of his stuff.” he trails off for a second, and his eyes flick over to Tony nervously. His grip on Bucky's hands tightens almost imperceptibly. “I didn't think about it until… there was a one night stand… That redhead I went home with the first time? Two and a half weeks ago? I… He uses, it… Kinda started from there.” he sighs and addresses the floor specifically for fear of looking at Tony. “which is what I needed to tell you. There have been… Others.”
"Steve, you could've
He didn’t really have nice things to say about Red Star, on a good day, and on the days that the other gang ends up making him do more work? Yeah, fuck them. He’s halfway through chasing a lead that might get him a little closer to Rogers, the squirrely little shit, when his phone rings from his pocket.
Tony Armstrong, is loud, brash, and interestingly enough, prone to accidents. Steve’s only been assigned to him for four days, twelve hours, and twenty three seconds, and he’s already almost killed himself a grand total of nineteen times. Most of that was resultant of the things he did in his own workshop though, and Steve’s not… exactly where his jurisdiction is there. He’s supposed to keep Tony safe from other people, so all bets should realistically be off in regards to what he does to himself, but that seems unfairly literal. Especially, considering the fact that the things he’s working on are purely for the good of other people.
Had the guy on the line not identified himself, Tony would have assumed his program had a glitch and decrypted the wrong piece of the phone's system, got him the wrong number, and that he was now speaking to the wrong person. Tony raises an eyebrow to himself, plays about with the security footage to have it glitch and skip as it's recording, cover anything Jessica and Wanda can't do from the ground. He trusts them, he does, but they're both shit at listening to him when he tells them to stick to the blindspots, not be picked up by the cameras if they can help it. Well, it's just more work for him then, isn't it? If he didn't value his life, he would ask Pepper about the possibility of overtime pay.
“when Tony was still in the beginning stages of design, he hit a crucial dev fork. Keep the brand purist, appeal to top medical and technological moguls like himself, or go for the lowest common denominator, make something that can be mass produced, watered down, made indestructible, for all the soccer moms with rowdy kids, and business stiffs with semi-important proposals.” He shrugs slightly, like the rest of the story is obvious, and to be fair, it kind of is, now that it’s all out there. “you see what direction your Tony went. Me—” he gestures disdainfully to the thing in his lap, and makes a vague hand motion, clearly meant to indicate ‘this’. There’s a beat, just a brief thing where it seems like he might actually be ashamed, but after a few seconds, he laughs, and shakes his head. “to be fair though, I have much better media connectivity. Seriously, if this guy ever comes around, one word: Bluetooth.” Steve blinks.
Tony adjusts the blanket that he’d just laid down in the crib, (which absolutely, isn’t Captain America Themed.) and sighs. “It’s not like I can just send you down to the store to pick up diapers in the middle of the night, Steve.”  The alpha winces slightly, and Tony whines quietly, taking a few steps closer, and brushing his fingers through Steve’s overgrown hair.
“You’ll still be with S.H.I.E.L.D., the high value target we have you assigned to is of strategic importance to our organization, as well as the department of defense.” Her voice is soft and warm, but there’s a certain ‘no nonsense’ tone to her words too, and the memory of Peggy thrums that much stronger.
“that’s… I know that’s a lot. I know it is. You probably need… a minute or two. I’m gonna… go get some snacks.” Steve looks up at him, lost as ever, and Ed holds a hand up. “I know your metabolism is fast. You’ve been sitting in that chair for at least six hours, and you haven’t moved a muscle. You need food, even if you don’t want it. Sit. Rest. I’ll be right back.” With that, Ed heads for the door, and the sound of it being shut behind him rings in steve’s head, long after it’s stopped. He takes a deep breath, and hangs his head into his hands, wondering how the hell he’s meant to ‘relax’ with news like that.
Shuri explained that she’d done what she could, but removing the nightmares, would mean removing the memories that caused them, and Bucky had been violently opposed to erasing the Winter Soldier. It’s noble, Steve thinks, that he wants to remember. There’s a ghost of Bucky Barnes in his head, whispering a soft, broken ‘I remember all of them’, and a shiver runs down his spine. He frowns deeper, and shoves his hands as far into his pockets as he can. There’s a voice that floats to him from the hut, something that’s so mixed it really defies definition. It’s a strange combination of mid ‘40’s Brooklyn, and Russia, definitely alpha, but with a rounded edge to it, someone who’s spent a lifetime trying to sound as close to a beta as he can.
Bucky smiles softly and nods. Natasha has this way of being supportive, even when her actions seem like she couldn’t care less. Lord knows she’s probably saved him and Steve from more emotional crises than he cares to count. He shoots her a sarcastic salute, and turns over his shoulder, pulling out his keys, in preparation to head to the gallery.
Steve sighs softly. He wants to argue, really he does, but he's so fucking exhausted, he feels like he hasn't slept in something like thirty years, and the idea of actually being able to close his eyes without being convinced the world's ending, or without the artificial aid of chemicals… yeah, it sounds nice. He rises off of the couch on unsteady feet, and sighs like a man weary from the world, which isn't at all far from the truth. He weighs his next words carefully, tasting them in his mouth before he allows them to leave his mouth. “Will you… will you stay with me?”
“So, you do know who I am.” he says evenly, hiding the rigid set to his mouth behind the square cut glass, taking a slow sip.
going to make him look suspicious. Enough people see him pulling rank, unlocking doors that should stay locked, the dots are gonna start getting connected and his cover’s gonna get blown.   So he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his keys (car, because it's cold as sweet holy
“Shit, did I…” he squints at the woman again, at the way she holds herself, the tense clench to her jaws, the way her shoulders are set just so. He’s not anywhere near to sure, but he wants to ask. He needs to know if he fucked this up. “Did I misgender you?” she blinks, unsure, and Tony knows there’s a blush rising up on his cheeks. Despite his cavalier press persona, he hates moments like this, where he says the wrong thing, at the wrong time. “I mean, are you… ah, a guy?” the person in front of him blinks again, and all of a sudden, he can see a small smile, where there wasn’t one before.
He’s shocked, for the second time today, when he’s told that Tony’s injuries are beyond the scope of what S.H.I.E.L.D can handle. They’re trained to deal with burns and bumps, contusions, and the odd intergalactic chemical burn, but whatever’s affecting Tony… they can’t touch. That means air transfer to a private hospital. Somewhere, a S.H.I.E.L.D lackey tells the team— who have managed to amble over, with the rest of their mission complete— where there are some of the best doctors in the state. Steve isn’t sure why, but that doesn’t exactly make him feel better.
—they don’t send me out to do field work. It’s how I got your number. Latched onto your signal last time I was here and used it to track the phone, bypass the security measures remotely. But nobody sent me here to do that! I—I meant everything I said, that I’ve missed you, and that I wanted this to go somewhere. I wasn’t sent here to harm
“I know what this looks like, but I swear—”
Steve turns to look at the rest of the team, worn thin and ragged, several of them looking like they’re only a moment or two from dropping to the ground from pure exhaustion. Steve nods, gently, to himself.
He's not expecting to see another person, not after this long alone, but sure enough there is. A pleasant enough looking woman, in a suit. She’s standing at parade rest, outside of a room, with the door closed, and the lights dark. Tony pauses in his egress, half afraid she’ll see him, and half hoping she will. She turns, eventually, and gives Tony a perfunctory nod. Now that her body’s angled more, he can see that she’s not in just any suit, but army dress. It’s odd enough, she can’t be more than thirty, but the uniform is one of the older styles, nothing before Vietnam, certainly. He doesn’t exactly tell his body to do it, but he nods anyway, even in the absence of his own permission. A lifetime of bowing and scraping in Howard’s wake, perhaps.
"Can you -- uh -- Do you mind napping with me?" he asks, and he already knows the answer, but he needs to check anyway. Because things have changed between himself and Steve, and if Steve's already a day or so into rut, then the rest isn't going to be as peaceful for him as it will be for Tony. "There are enough bedrooms upstairs for us to do that up there, or we could stay down here, so you have the TV in case you can't sleep."
“Not sure I should be takin’ advice on what’s sweet, from someone like you.” he says simply, matter of factly. Clint hates the fact that his stomach clenches violently, for reasons that he’s choosing not to define.
be the truth, can it? It’s… preposterous. Steve shakes his head, and stares at Tony, his blue eyes beseeching.
“and neither of us would know a thing about that, would we, Stevie?” Steve just laughs softly, and leans over onto Bucky’s side.
Things go well for months. Summer gives way to fall, fall to winter, and Steve and Tony manage to hide away in their makeshift little nest, the home they’ve made for themselves. It’s odd being back in the tower, at first, where they have so many memories lurking around, but slowly, it becomes something new. it becomes theirs. Tony’s getting more and more maternal, nesting on almost every solid surface, and checking, rechecking, triple checking the nursery. Steve smirks softly, while he watches him bustle around, on a completely unremarkable day.
Bucky laughs. Quietly, thank fucking God, but for a long time. He shakes and shivers with is, and it's… unsettling, honestly. Probably. He isn't sure. “I bought this place for him, y’know that?” He nods for emphasis. “When we got married. I proposed here. You… you just invited me into my own bed. That's hilarious!” He takes a step forward and his consciousness drops off for a second and he stumbles. “I can't see shit in here!” He turns on a dim lamp in the bedside table. Steve stirs but doesn't wake and Bucky sighs wistfully, focusing his eyes on him. “He's beautiful… he really is.” Bucky blinks, slowly, and it becomes apparent that his pupils are definitely pinned.
Bucky raises an eyebrow, doesn't make any effort to move from where he's back to leaning against the doorframe. He's still trying to ignore the hurt buried hilt-deep in his chest, making it difficult to breathe, because they agreed that they were an open relationship and Steve seemed... happy with Tony. Too close and tender after one night, maybe, but they seem about as lost as he is.
The newcomer sneers, obnoxiously, and raises a placating hand, that Steve sees as pure aggression. “Relax. You want me here.” Steve scoffs blatantly.
“I gotta get outta here, Barnes.” The apartment can be dealt with. They have a small battalion of very discreet, very expensive cleaners for that. For now, He smiles softly, the way he only ever does for Bucky and shoves his hands in his pockets. “Lemme get dressed, take me home?”
“Tell me. Tell me what’s wrong, and we can fix it. There has to be something, right, there has to be some way…” He’s really not sure how he’s expecting ed to respond, but with tears isn’t it. He swallows thickly, and tilts his head to the side, not unlike a confused puppy, though of course he can’t see so for himself. Ed swipes quickly at a tear that rolls down his cheek, and shakes his head.
Doubtless, JSOC can shut the power down, he thinks, and no sooner had the thought crossed his mind, than did the lights in the hallway go dark. That’s inconvenient, but that doesn’t do shit about the shaft, and all he needs, is to be able to get low enough that he can survive a drop to the ground.
Steve rolls his eyes and licks Bucky's cheek, because that's what they do when things get overly emotional, and it's not a life or death matter, or some huge thing that needs discussing. They push things back to normality with something bizarre.
“someone you know?” he asks the soldier. William smiles and shrugs vaguely.
“Juniper.” he says, softly. Confusion must be written all over Bucky’s face, because the other enforcer clears his throat and speaks again, no less quiet this time, though his vocal tone is stronger now. More sure “The main flavor. To gin it’s… Juniper.” Bucky swallows thickly, and he has to will himself to speak past the lump that’s suddenly lodged in his throat.
“are you ok? Were you scared?” Tony shrugs one shoulder, and looks off at the farthest point of the city skyline that he can see.
this is when he’d usually play it off with a joke, blame the ninety seven (that might be an exaggeration, but it
"Alright? I'm not saying you have to do that. And you can't exactly contact him to break...whatever this is off. Kinda interested to see how he does contact you - no phone number and all." There's a moment, and then,  a soft huff of laughter. "And I don't think he'd love me after that stunt." The gun feels heavy against his waistband, and he kind of wants to go back in time and warn himself not to overreact to such an extent. "I'm surprised he wasn't immediately deterred by the whole 'you're married' thing, I'll give him that."
“I don’t… I don’t remember. I.. I was so upset. My boyfriend… he left me.” She shakes her head, and chokes out a roughened sob, all over again. “god, that sounds so pathetic! I don’t… I’m not one of
The hospital isn’t as grey or as miserable as Steve had expected it to be, which he supposes is a good thing, except that it bothers him for reasons he can’t quite identify. (He’s getting sick of that, the inability to place feelings.) The tile flooring, the cheery looking wallpaper… even the chairs look like they’re trying too hard, mismatched in a way that
Steve feels himself blush, and he nods, digging his hands further into his pockets. He’s still death glaring the floor, like he has a personal grudge with it, and wondering what to say, so he doesn’t exactly notice Tony stepping closer, until a gentle hand is resting on the side of his face, right over his jawline. Under normal circumstances, Steve would probably startle, probably step back, but this is Tony, and he’s more comfortable with him than he is any other human being alive on the face of the planet so it kind of makes sense that all he does, is look up and smile softly.
“Tony. I don’t wanna do this with you, right now.” Tony looks hurt, and that… that sucks. It hurts, but it’s better than the alternative, of the poor guy thinking that all of Clints problems are his own, so, shit, Clint can take it. He just takes that pain, and shoves it to the side, buries it deep under the surface, under a small smile. “Promise I’ll see her soon, okay? Follow up scheduled for next month. Let me do the worrying about myself in the meantime?”
“it’s ok, I… You’re not wrong.” He casts a bitter stare down at the floor, and tony sighs softly, taking the mug of cocoa from Steve, setting it down on the changing table.
“It’s Christmas, Stevie!” he pouted, pouring something amber perhaps a little too liberally into a gigantic bowl of homemade eggnog. Steve has to clear his throat to hide the way that the nickname makes his voice go weak, and he shakes his head in an effort to look business as usual.
“son of a /bitch/!” Steve progresses from 'functionally not a person’ to 'wide the fuck awake’ in something like a 2.5 interval. He's moving as fast as he can, laying Bucky out, and making sure his airway is as free as possible. Once that's done, he's vaulting out of the bed, making for the closet as quick as he humanly can. There isn't a lot in the closet here to be honest, there's some clothes, from all the nights he's spent here, and there are a few boxes he's never sorted from the last time they cleaned the main house. None of that is what he's looking for though. His hands are frenzied, knocking things over, until he finds a small wooden box that he rips open-- breaking the latch in the process but oh fucking well-- to dump it's contents. It's a tiny thing, all things considered, the plastic device he has in his hand, but it's big in every other way. His hands fumble as he rips the sterile packaging away, and gets back in the bed, straddling Bucky's hips. “Tony, tell dispatch he's had narcan, 4mg nasal spray!” He shouts iut without looking. No time. he puts the plastic applicator into Bucky's nostril, depresses the button, and prays. “Come on, baby, come on.” He mutters lowly, panic settling in his gut firmly. It's entirely possible, give his history, that Bucky is gonna need more than one dose, but Steve only has one more, and then they're fucked until Ems arrives.
It’s getting more and more difficult to keep himself quiet with Steve building speed, but Tony can’t exactly say that he minds. Still, he’s wary of any neighbors – the last time he’d brought someone back to the warehouse, Logan had used very colourful language the following morning to describe what he’d do if he had to listen to Tony being fucked again – so he pushes himself up on his elbows, reaches out with one hand to pull Steve back down for another kiss. Usually there wouldn’t be much of that with his one-night stands, Tony thinks. The kissing. It’s…It’s always been an oddly personal thing for him, and this is stepping into uncharted territory that isn’t as terrifying as he’d imagined it would be. Maybe it’s the fact that he’s been drinking, or maybe it’s because – despite conceding to Tony’s wishes to hurry the prep – Steve does seem to be checking on how Tony’s doing whenever they’re not in the middle of a kiss, and that’s…rare. Tony breathes out a moan against Steve’s lips when he brushes against his prostate, and he tries to angle his hips so that it’s easier for Steve to hit it again. Part of him wishes that the night lasts a little longer than they usually do, but he knows that there isn’t any way to alter time, knows that this was what he was looking for in the bar, after all: just a one-night stand. He also knows that Clint’ll smack him upside the head if he starts falling for a guy after one night, and he wants to retain as many brain cells as possible, so he shuts down any of those traitorous thoughts, focuses on the present.
“Rhodey.” He chokes out, trying his hardest not to bite through his own lip. “My water just broke.”
"Need your cock, alpha," Tony says, words wrecked and tinged with desperation. Tony's least favourite part of heats has always been how out of control he is, how he's never in his right mind long enough into think anything coherent through. He's too vulnerable. He knows Steve would never let anything happen to him but it's still...it's still a worry. "Please. I don't -- I can't -- I need your knot."
Tony stares at Steve for a few seconds, watching for any traps, any signs that something's off. He wants to trust Steve, wants a hug, but this - the truth about who he is coming to light - changes things. They're supposed to be sworn enemies, and it wouldn't be the first time one of the Hunt have been killed after a member of Red Star lured them in with false promises of peace. He hates every little thing about this: the guns on the table, the accusatory glare Clint's sending in his direction, Bucky being one wrong move away from killing them both, Steve looking like someone's kicked a puppy in front of him, the fact that the gun Bucky had pressed against his throat is definitely going to bruise. He'll just stick to wearing scarfs for the next couple weeks.
“Ah… care if I blaze?” he asks somewhat nervously
Steve’s eyes go hard and flinty in the span of a half second, and he takes a single step back reaching under the unsuspecting kitchen table, and pulling a .9mm, from seemingly nowhere. There’s a round already chambered, and Steve’s nimble fingers are quick to clip the safety off, so the muzzle lining up with Clint’s chest, it’s a definite threat. That gives Bucky the freedom, to put his sights back on Tony, so he moves back to staring down the open sights at him. Steve growls lowly, in the back of his throat.
“Don't hold back, baby. Moan for me.
Tony whines, shifts a little, torn between pushing up into Steve's hand and pushing down onto his cock. One of Steve's hands is still firmly holding him by the hip, anyway, so it's not like he can move enough to help himself by any large amounts - not that Steve's not doing enough by himself, either, because Tony knows that he's going to be feeling this every time he sits down for the next week. But the look Steve gives him, the little check-up to ensure he's doing okay, the pet name, and everything else that's happened between them tonight is most definitely becoming too much. Steve saying it, giving him permission is what tips him over the edge. He comes with a cry, fingers of one hand tangling into the sheets and the other digging into Steve's bicep. His vision doesn't just light up, but completely whites out, and he feels his head go fuzzy with static for a second or two before he's brought back to reality by the fact that Steve's still thrusting in him, and that he hasn't exactly slowed down any.
He scales down the building in record time, dropping a full fourteen floors, before he’s comfortable forcing the door open, and looking for the nearest window to smash. He’s still afraid of heights, and looking down at the ground definitely makes his head spin, but he has to do this. He doesn’t have a choice.
"There are plenty of nightclubs closer to your place," is what Clint voices first, and Tony can read between the lines. 'Closer to your place' is most definitely Clint's little way of saying 'inside our safe zone'. Tony shrugs, downs his drink in one when the bartender hands it to him, and leans over so he's speaking into Clint's ear. Easier than yelling over the music.
The kiss is relatively chaste, though it’s lingering and slow. It isn’t rushed, there’s no urgency, it’s patient, and giving, like everything that cheesy songs, sappy poetry says it should be. It probably only lasts a few seconds, but as Steve pulls away, he feels like years could have passed, outside of the perfect bubble of calm that they’re surrounded in. his breath comes with difficulty for a few more beats, and his lips where they’d touched Tony’s, feel absolutely electric. He huffs out a quiet breath, and leans to rest his forehead against Tony’s, a touch that the brunette leans into, which makes Steve feel like he belongs in a way he never had, even in his own time.
"When lonely days turn to lonely nights, you take a trip to the city lights. and take the long way home, take the long way home. You never see what you want to see, forever playing to the gallery, you take the long way home, take the long way home." -Take the long way home.
for me.”
He’s not expecting to hear that it’s Tony.
“the fuck are you?” Bucky answers, without turning around.
“I was… awake. For all of it. S-sort of.” Steve makes a pained sound, a quiet little intake of breath, and leans unconsciously closer to Tony.
Steve turns around, as soon as he's bumped, an angry comment on his lips, until he realizes he's face to face with the most gorgeous creature in the entire club (aside from Bucky, but he's in the back, working books for Sam who, bless his heart, can't balance finances for shit.) This
Clint rolls his eyes so hard, that the action causes him physical pain. “God damnit, Tony..” he mutters to himself. They’ve been into it over the ringtones that Tony decides to bestow upon him, a thousand times,if they’ve been into it once, but any time he complains, Tony just finds something worse to change it to, so Clint tries to just… let it burn itself out. Even if this particular choice, which he’s had for three days and counting, brings a strange rush of heat to his face.
With a bit of distance in between them, he’s actually able to look at Tony, actually look at him for the first time. he smiles softly. “Your hair’s long.” Not like he has any right to comment on it, lumberjack that he looks like. “It’s… I like it.”
“I just… I need to go work on something. Clear my mind. I’ll… I’ll have FRIDAY remind me to come back up for dinner, ok?” he doesn’t wait for a response, because he knows Rhodey isn’t going to exactly understand. He means well, he really does, but… this is something Tony has to do.
there's a difference in cerebral and corporeal. there are lines in the sand, that can't be blurred, one isn't the other, they can't be compared. This is a one night stand, it's purely about sex. so, why does it hurt like this? why does it feel like Tony's held the broken parts of Steve in his hands, the parts no one else can see?
It had started as a joke, something Clint said offhandedly after the battle of New York, so long ago, a comment about Tony being the star of the show, with the way he laid himself on the line to protect innocent people. Tony, being who he was, took it in stride, played it off as a joke, but it got Steve to thinking. He was always a star in more ways than just his attitude.
“yeah, yeah. I’m a senior citizen, pretty sure mocking me is a crime.” Tony mutters a fond;
He moves to walk down the hall, to see if he can’t locate the teen, but a flurry of movement causes him to look back through the window. The chief surgeon looks to be closing, finishing up with several thick sutures. But that’s not what interests him, not by a long shot. There, hidden amongst surgical blue gowns, and white gauze, is a small head of long black hair, stretched far out of the way, draped over the pillows. It can’t be, it really can’t, but that’s somehow the same girl tony had just seen no less than two minutes ago. For having an IQ of nearly 200, it takes him a lot longer to recognize what’s happening, than it should. So he’s not the only one in limbo, then. That’s… that’s definitely interesting.
Steve sits and listens with rapt attention, hanging off of every single word that Tony says. He’s fascinated, and terrified, all at once. He wants to believe that Tony’s well again, but the reality of the situation is that he’s still banged up from the fall, he still has a long way to go, before he’s anywhere near field ready again. Steve doesn’t care if he never goes into the field again, he just wants his friend to be ok. There’s something that bothers him, something that he feels like he needs to clarify.
Tony makes a distressed noise in the back of his throat. That’s not something he ever wants Steve to think, that he hates him because he’s fallen into bad habits. Pushing himself up out of the armchair, he ends up kneeling on the floor in front of Steve, reaches up to try and brush away some of the tears falling from Steve’s eyes. This…This isn’t something he ever wants to see again. He doesn’t like how quickly he’s become attached, but he hates seeing how hurt Steve is, and his heart aches with each beat. “Steve, sweetheart, I could never hate you,” he says, and though his voice is gentle, it leaves no room for arguments. “And Bucky doesn’t hate you either, alright? He’s upset and, said it himself, he needs some time to clear his head so he won’t say something he doesn’t mean. He’s left so he can gather himself and not hurt your relationship, okay? And you…You just need some help, Steve. You’re not…This isn’t your proudest moment, sure, but you can still build yourself back up, and I’m gonna be here every step of the way, making sure you don’t relapse. But I could never hate you, honey. Promise.”
