I couldn’t see what he was doing exactly last night, but I could definitely see his bed moving a little and his sheets being kicked about shortly after he went back to his cube.
John ducked his head, and without kissing his skin, brushed his lips against the small of Sherlock’s back.
He manages to maintain eye contact with me for all of ten seconds before going all blushy and giggly again.
Sherlock turned to look at herself in the mirror, tilting her head, and turning around to see her reflection from all angles.
He screwed the bed sheets in to his fists as he shot his load deep inside of Sherlock’s tight passage.
Sherlock nodded, a blush creeping onto his cheeks. Sherlock felt anxiety creeping up on him as they walked. What if he did it wrong? What if he wasn’t good?
He watched her go out the door, then sat back in the chair to wait for her. He’d seen her again. She was here, and she still loved him. That was all he could ask for. When she came back a few minutes later with an overnight bag, the other sofa was set up, and Mrs Watson was loitering in the doorway. Sherlock went in to another room to get dressed, then came back and sat herself on her bed for the night.
“I’m moving back in here for now. At a time like this, we all aught to be together, don’t you think?” She asked somewhat rhetorically.
“Yes, well, l I’m sure he’ll be more thrilled than mother was.” Mycroft muttered as she eyed her younger sister. “Especially when you set fire to her lace doilies.”
“What he means is; can we stay here, please. Right babe?” John quipped, turning to look at the brunette.
Sherlock lay sprawled out on johns toned chest, his sock covered legs wrapped around his hips. He toes off his shoes, and kicked them to the floor. John connected their lips in a heated kiss, his tongue darting in to Sherlock’s mouth. The slighter teen moaned softly as their tongues danced in passion.
Mrs Watson and Harriet came in and spoke to him for a few minutes, then he was called away for some drill of some kind.
The text back from John assured he would be there. There’s also an ‘x’ at the end. That was different. Sherlock felt his heart surge, the butterflies flapping again. If something as small as that had him swooning, his heart was in trouble of exploding.
“Oh, that is a shame.” Mrs Holmes said, placing a hand between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, and tracing little circles on her skin, a method she’d used for years to sooth the eccentric child.
I have already been given a prompt I intend to use at some point, but is there anything anyone wants as a follow up chapter to this one?
John was standing at the foot of Harry’s bed, steely eyes glaring at her, arms crossed in front of his chest. He was clearly annoyed, but also a little frightened of the consequences might be.
Sherlock swallowed audibly, and threw his head back as he tried to adjust to the weird, stinging feeling.
Sherlock’s eyes flew wide before he eventually burst in to a fit of giggles and buried his face in the duvet.
Sherlock brought his hands to his chest, and with long, nibble fingers, he began to undo the buttons of his school shirt. John had caught a brief glimpse of Sherlock without his shirt before, but this was different somehow. He seemed exposed, not just of his shirt, but of something else too. The brunette watched John intently as he examined his chest, gently touching his pale skin, asking where it hurt. He couldn't help but wonder what the broader boy looked like sans his shirt. He found himself staring at johns still clothed body with lust filled eyes. When he looked back up, John's face was right by his own. He tried to control himself, taking deep breaths. Thankful, John pulled away, and sat back.
“Ooooh...” Sherlock groaned low in his throat as he arched his back in to johns touch, eyes screwed shut, all sorts of ungodly noises escaping him.
John sat there, completely dumbfounded, staring after the brunette as his raging erection throbbed in his boxers.
Sherlock jumped up, and crawled over to where John had moved to sit at the end of the bed. John patted his knee, and looked over to Sherlock with dark eyes.
It wasn’t the first time that Sherlock had been awoken by a babies’ cry. She had a niece after all. It was, however, the first time that the baby was crying out for her.
“Not for me, but for you... I’d love to see you with that gag in your pretty mouth.” John husked by Sherlock’s ear.
To me, she is simply a memory, and to my brother, nothing but a lesson to teach me, a tool in order to mould me, and keep me from beckoning the worst version of myself.
“That was so fucking sexy.” John sighed honestly, his cock throbbing even more than before, clearly Sherlock cumming in his pants was a real turn on for him. Sherlock looked up at him with wide eyes, his cheeks flushed, his lips glistening with saliva.
“Agh!” Sherlock cried out, throwing his head back again as John returned to desperately rutting up against him.
She watched as his train left, walking along the platform beside it until it’s green metal body left her sight. The first few seconds, she was completely numb. She wasn’t quite sure what she was doing. She looked down at the yellow line along the platform, only to see that it was behind her, and that she was stood right at the edge. She knew what would happen if she took one more step. She stepped forwards, but what she’d expected didn’t come.
He moaned when he felt John attach his lips to the base of his throat, a moan that turned in to a squeak when johns hands cupped his ass, moving his hips faster.
Honestly. He wouldn’t allow himself to like Rosie. Although she seemed very clever, and interesting, she was a threat. John liked her, and she could take him away. Sherlock was more than happy when johns told her he couldn’t walk her home as he and had plans with the cynical brunette. Sherlock and John walked over to the latter’s house exchanging chit chat, but Sherlock could tell John was tense. John fumbled around for his keys for a moment, and after successfully getting the door open, invited Sherlock inside. Sherlock quickly made his deductions within about five seconds. John lived with his mother and sister, neither of whom were in judged by the lack of women’s coats. Johns father was out of the picture, figuratively and literally. He wasn’t in any of the pictures in the hall, or the living room. He hadn’t died, he’d left. Johns mother had a good job, which was how she’d managed to keep such a nice house on one pay cheque. It would have to be a large one to live here. She worked long hours, and was often not home for dinner. The number of take out menus on the fridge led him to believe John was often on his own. He decided to keep all these thoughts to himself. John could practically see the cogs turning in his head, and just stared at him in awe.
This only spurred him on, and increased his pace. This pushed Sherlock over the edge. He emptied ropes of salty, white liquid into John’s mouth, all of which he swallowed willingly. Sherlock fell back onto the bed, exhausted. John moved up the bed, and curled up beside him.
I can’t help but chuckle, and he does too after a moment. He looks particularly gorgeous when he laughs.
Sherlock stifled a giggle. John finally located his trousers, and after jumping around, he finally managed to get them on.
She also told me to write a blog. Write about everything that happens to me. Let’s just say, my blog page is about as empty as the chocolate isle of a supermarket on the 15th of February. Who doesn’t love sales?
“Yeah, I mean sure. I’ve never done anything... you haven’t... should be ok. As long as you’re sure?”
He snarked, being sure not to sound too malicious. John chuckled, and despite himself, Sherlock found himself chuckling too. After a moment, John sighed deeply, his gaze darting between Sherlock and the wall behind his head.
He didn’t have the energy for anything more... exotic... at this time of the morning, and neither did John, saving their more rambunctious activities for later in the day.
Sherlock chewed the inside of her lip, remembering her mother frantically running around the kitchen before banishing her to the parlour.
When I still don’t budge, he clicks his fingers and indicates to the space in front of him as a summons.
“Are you sure?” He asks cautiously. “This isn’t just because I sprung this on you, and now you feel like you have to-“
Sherlock rolled her eyes. The twelve year old was more than capable of looking after herself, and found this an insult.
Two months I’ve been here now, and it’s fair to say I haven’t followed his advice. I spend most of my time in medical. I’d be on a first name basis with the medics if calling people by their first names was a thing here.
In my dazed state, I manage to catch a glimpse of another guard running over and hauling Moriarty away, kicking and screaming
Sherlock realised at that moment that she had been sobbing freely for god knows how long as her tears began to slip down her neck and down her chest.
She slumped back into the chair, her eyes screwed shut. Sherlock giggled at her sister, then found herself gagging, and trying not to throw up.
Why am I finding this so difficult to say? Maybe it’s because I know how inexperienced he is. I can’t just flat out say ‘hey babe, wanna smash?’ It has to be more tactful than that.
Said boy had hardly noticed his brother’s presence, and was nibbling at his pizza crust, completely ignoring the scene playing out before him, not even bothering to look up.
“No, but I said to mike this afternoon I needed a new lab partner, now here he is with an old school friend. He doesn’t take chemistry. His next lesson is French, which is on the other side of the building. He wouldn’t have come all the way down here just to introduce you.”
His eyelids are fluttering as his eyes flick round the room, trying to distract himself I assume. I jerk my wrist a little faster, and it seems to have a positive effect on John.
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s inner thigh, then sauntered over to the door and shot a wink in the brunette’s direction before disappearing round the door.
Her mother shot her a warning look before gesturing to the spot beside her on the sofa. She sat down next to her mother, her back so impossibly straight she didn’t quite look human, instead presenting more like a statue. Harriet seemed rather uncomfortable, her gaze shifting from her mother to the taller girl across from her. A moment later, Mrs Hudson showed up with a tray of tea and biscuits.
"Come on John. How often do you get to solve crime in your pyjamas? This will be a marvellous anecdote to share later in life."
"But I've just solved a murder for you, aren't you going to do something about it?" Sherlock asked in dismay.
Shortly after, Mrs Holmes came in and suggested the boys went to bed, claiming that Sherlock behaved like a banshee when he hadn’t had enough sleep.
“What have you done?” John asked cautiously, taking a quick taste of the white substance in the sugar pot before sprinkling it on his cereal.
She noticed John’s voice break. Her nanny had placed a hand on his back, and was rubbing small circles between his shoulder blades.
John pressed his lips up against Sherlock’s, opening the brunette’s mouth with his own. Sherlock gasped in to johns mouth when he felt his hand on his cock.
John stood up, and headed for the door. He paused for a moment, then turned back to Sherlock. He placed his fingers under the younger boy’s chin, tilted his face up, and connected their lips in a parting kiss.
“Why not?” He spits suddenly, his voice a sharp hiss. “What, not good enough for me? Did you think I was in for something more clever? More sexy? Like murder?”
I can almost hear him counting to three inside his own head before he snaps his hips forward, and pushes inside me.
Mrs Hudson frowned when she saw the small child had got out of the chair, and was trying to open the wardrobe.
“Can I have my book?” I say a little more bluntly than I meant to, but I feel as though my brain has been dropped in a vat of ice water, and whatever filter I had has crumbled. He blinks a few times, either snapping from a daze or taken aback.
Although he was rather worried his leg would give out, he continued to pull himself up the superficial ladder.
“This is like pass the parcel.” Sherlock remarked as she too Lucy and lay her head in her lap and legs on the sofa beside her.
Sherlock had settled on the mauve panties, black crotch less panties, and some thigh high tights. The things Irene had grabbed were more dental floss than pants. He couldn’t deny the kick he got when he tried them on, although they would of course look better when he didn’t have his briefs on underneath. He grinned broadly upon seeing himself in the mirror. John was in for a nice surprise.
“But no, I have a real hobby. I told you about my summer at Bart’s hospital. I’m sure I could pick up some work there.”
He gently bit at Sherlock’s soft skin, enjoying the smell of almonds hitting his nose. Sherlock let out a groan, and rolled his hips forwards. They both shuddered when their clothed erections brushed against each other. Sherlock sucked Johns tongue into his mouth, drawing a long, guttural moan from him.
I walk over, and watch as she seemingly effortlessly attaches the radio. She’s very close to me right now. I can smell her perfume, and her shampoo.
“So wet and hard... so desperate for your big cock. You need to buy some lube, because the second we get home, you need to fuck me. I need to be fucked.”
“I was thinking.” His father started. “You’re starting sixth form soon, so that’ll mean more homework on weekends. So you and I can still spend time together, I thought I should move closer. That way, you can spend a few days a week with me after school.”
Sherlock nodded, and shuffled in closer to John. He licked the spoon full of raspberry pudding happily.
Sherlock shrugged as she fidgeted around on the ottoman before finally settling. After a moment, they heard a pair of footsteps and a girl entered the room.
The officer's voice was stern this time, something Sherlock either didn't pick up on, or was deliberately ignoring as he opened his mouth to continue proving his mouth.
After work ends, it’s back inside for dinner. I sit with my involuntary choice of company, and manage to completely filter out all the nonsensical jibber jabber that goes on. After dinner, I head back to my cube via the library. I can’t wait for the books mycroft claims to have posted anymore. I scan the classics for a moment till a chilling voice reaches my ears.
All of a sudden, a buzzing starts and an intense wave of pleasure strong enough to  force a noise out of my throat hits me.
John quickly tore off his own clothes before  flipping Sherlock over, and pushing himself between Sherlock’s legs. He used the lube that had since thawed to coat his cock, and Sherlock’s hole.
Greg had been recruited, and left the same morning as John. Mycroft had spotted Sherlock in her dark coat wandering along the platform, far too close to the edge. After she’d stopped Sherlock from jumping, she’d sat with her on the freezing ground until she stopped crying. They sat in silence on the tram ride home, and Sherlock left for her room where she had remained since.
Monday. Date with John. Was it a date? It was definitely with John. It was definitely Monday. *thump* Head in the clouds, Sherlock walked straight into a lamppost, and tumbled backwards.
Sherlock nodded, then set off in search of a cafeteria. He passed a sobbing Mrs Watson along the way, head in hands, bag clutched to her chest behind her elbows.
He wanted to touch John, to run his fingers down his muscled back, to claw at his shoulders; to let him know how much he was being pleasured. Words would have to do.
The deep, raspy tone of his voice goes straight to my cock. I can already feel myself weeping heavily inside my briefs, an uncomfortable wet patch forming on the light cotton.
Sherlock and John got into bed, and turned out the lights. Sherlock could only hope John couldn’t hear him crying himself to sleep.
“I’m gay.” John blurted out quickly. “Well, bisexual to be precise. I have a boyfriend, and I love him. If any of that isn’t ok with you, I am more than happy to find another place to sleep tonight.”
Sherlock tilted his head backwards to look into johns eyes. He blushed when he instantly locked eyes with him. John looked away, his cheeks also flushed.
Sherlock made some cooing noise of acknowledgement, blissfully content. John pressed a kiss to the sweet spot under Sherlock’s jaw before going back to working his fingers in to Sherlock’s dark tresses.
“I... I just... I’ve had to step in a few times when people have given him trouble, and I dunno, I guess I’ve grown fond of him.”
It took all of John’s self control not to pounce on Sherlock, and fuck him in to the mattress then and there. The only thing that kept him grounded was the reminder that if he played with Sherlock first, it would be a lot more fun. He leant in closer to the brunette, and tightened his grip on his jaw.
The teen rolled his eyes, and swivelled round in his chair so he was laying on his back, his long, skinny legs spilling over the arm of the chair.
While sherlock was remarkable and differed from everyone else in all other manners, when it came to the trails and tribulations of motherhood, she was absolutely no different to everyone else.
She crossed the floor in a pace or two, and opened the window, which thankfully, slid up instead of opening out.
Without making a scene, I make my way across the grounds to the greenhouse, and push my way through the doors.
“I still can after it stops raining. It’s only drizzling anyway.” Sherlock said as she tried to pull Lucy’s arms off her neck.
Although I may not be very good at socialising with other individuals, I have a working understanding of human psychology, and know exactly how to use it.
He shakes his head, waving me off with his hand as he perches himself on the table at the back of the small cupboard.
Mycroft was alarmed at this, not accustomed to Sherlock showing emotion. Despite being a rather sensitive child, this was still a surprising sight. Although neither he or Sherlock had a grasp on their own emotions, he had a better understanding of others’. The curly haired boy’s shoulders were shaking as he wept, drenching the front of his brother’s shirt. Mycroft slowly put his arms around him, and held him close to his chest.
Fucking hell, he feels so good. He’s so tight around my cock. I’m buried so deep inside him, and he’s taking it so well. I don’t think he’s ever looked more alluring than he does right now with his head thrown back, eyes closed as he bounces on my dick.
John moved his hands down to the hem of Sherlock’s soft cotton t-shirt, and pulled it up, revealing panes of soft, porcelain skin.
“I’m guessing you know who I am. I assure you, I make a much better impression when I’m not hooked up to a morphine drip.”
“John-“ Mrs Watson warned, placing a hand on johns shoulder. John flinched away, and backed away to Sherlock’s side of the room.
She used his shoulders to lift herself up, and rearranged herself so her legs were wrapped around his waist. From this angle, she could feel his erection poking in between her legs.
“Hello.” Sherlock said, smiling falsely before turning back to the other boy. “You left in a hurry. Late night study session.”
He moved in with me three weeks ago. It’s been a bit of a rollercoaster. He threw up the first night when we had takeaway, the rich food too much for him after that crap the prison passes off as food. He spent two hours in the shower, I don’t know whether he was crying in there or not. He fell asleep at 10, when lights out would have been, and when we tried to have sex he freaked out at every little noise and pulled away.
It wasn’t until Sherlock started going to secondary that she saw John more often. She walked to and from school with him, and sometimes saw him in the hallways. That was enough for her. She hadn’t made any friends at school, which wasn’t a surprise to anyone. Mycroft and Harriet had both left for university, and only came home during the holidays. The two houses had seen out their days of being family homes, filled with children’s laughter. More often than not, the only thing that filled the Holmes’ dwellings was the sound of Sherlock’s violin.
Sherlock wrapped the blankets tightly around herself, and the steady rhythm of Johns breathing eventually lulled her to sleep.
“Ah, Mrs Watson. How lovely to make your acquaintance.” Mycroft said, the corners of her mouth tugging into her signature, smug grin.
Sherlock paused in the doorway when she first saw him. His hair was over grown, so much so that it dangled over his eyes. It was darker than before, long gone were the golden curls that used to make him look like a cherub angel. He didn’t look like that anymore. He was a man now. He’d showered and changed in to pyjamas, but he hadn’t shaved. He had stubble along his jaw as he occasionally did, but it looked straggly, instead of rugged. John looked up upon noticing her. His eyes were dark, and sunken. Haunted.
The room is filled with a monotonous drone of snoring, steady breathing, and a variety of sniffles and grunts, all of which mask the sound of my socked feet shuffling across the cold, concrete floor on my way over to the glass box.
Despite being ever the cynic, hearing John being so optimistic, talking about the future, talking about coming home... it made it easier...
This sets of some sort of animalistic desire inside of me, a desire that takes over my body, all but forcing me to roll my hips against his.
“Wait!” He gasped. “If I am the things I look like, that makes me an otter!” He yelped as John lay him down on the bed.
“That... you’re so good at that... fucking hell.” John garbled as he ran a hand through his ashy blond hair.
His scarlet boxers are tented up around his cock which is desperately straining against the cotton fabric, enticing me.
The evening shift always seems to drag on, but that’s only emphasised by the fact that I’ve hidden my junkie, detoxing boyfriend in a storage room.
Visitation is an opportunity for inmates to see their family, and catch up. For me, it’s half an hour of my older brother degrading and patronising me.
Pleased with his reaction, John slowly began to push his finger inside Sherlock’s entrance. Sherlock’s breath hitched, and his stomach muscles spasmed.
“This one.” Sherlock said, having successfully opened the wardrobe, and was tugging at a lemon yellow dress.
“I promise I’m not going back to that stuff... that shitting stuff that landed me in here. I promise, I pro-“ My voice cracks, and I start... crying?
He taps the side of his nose, a gesture requesting my silence on the matter, before sauntering down the corridor.
He says it with an air of surprise, but his voice is as mellifluous and even as ever as he sips on his tea.
John was silenced by Sherlock pressing his lips against his own. It was only for a second, but they were soft, and warm. Sherlock pulled back, and adverted his gaze.
Our eyes meet, and it’s like for the first time. I feel the same rush of feelings, the same rush of adrenaline, my stomach performs the same flips, my heart does the same erratic beats.
“John!” He gasped out, the sight of the blond pushing him over the edge. He doubled over as he orgasmed, hot strands of cum shooting from his pulsing cock. After his breathing returned to normal, he removed his fingers, and sat back up. He looked up slowly. John was staring at him, eyes steely, bottom lip drawn twixt his teeth.
Sherlock woke earlier than he wanted to on a Saturday, but he didn’t even care. John had kissed him. John liked him. John promised he would lie to himself anymore. Sherlock had butterflies in his stomach, which had also spread to his groin. He knew the expression ‘ants in your pants’ but this was ridiculous’. He looked under the covers, and saw a tent in his pyjamas. He had a working knowledge of biology, but it was too early in the morning to apply it to this moment. He glared down at the imposing erection, and foolishly tried to push it back down. This plan sort of backfired as the contact sent a wave of sensations along his cock, and up his spine. He tried to silence a moan at the feeling. He slid his pyjamas and boxers down his hips, revealing his fully erect cock. He noted that the length had increased once hard, now close to five inches. He felt a sense of embarrassment as he reached down to touch himself. He let out a low wine as his long, nimble fingers came into contact with the soft, delicate skin. He gently gripped his fingers around his length, and began to move his fist. The pleasure that began to spread throughout his body, his every nerve, had him reeling. He increased his pace, which only made him moan louder. He shoved his fist into his mouth as he worked himself, his movements becoming sloppy. A pressure was building in his abdomen. He guessed he was getting close, and hurried his actions, desperate for release. As he came, there was one word on his lips.
He’s quick to reciprocate, and pulls my prison issued cotton/poly blend shirt over my head, leaving me in my vest. Almost instantaneously, a rush of self loathing hits me like a bulletproof train as I catch his eyes falling on my track marks. He notices my trepidation, and without a word, begins trailing his lips down my arm, pressing kisses to each purple bruise.
John was in unfathomable bliss in this moment. The wet heat of Sherlock’s channel clenching around him like a vice, Sherlock’s lips on his, the vibrations spreading through his body. He knew he was going to finish faster than normal, but that just meant he would need to get Sherlock off faster as well. He reached down between them, and began to pump Sherlock’s rock hard shaft.
The next day, the news article confirmed Sherlock had been right. No one was really surprised to be honest, but that didn’t mean John was any less impressed. He’d given Sherlock a discrete kiss on the way to school that morning, and another less discrete one after. John had been in a good mood right up until the moment he stepped into his living room. On the sofa, opposite his mother, was his farther. Johns father had left when he was five, And aside from the occasional holidays and weekends he was forced to spend with him, they spent very little time together.
“I won’t tell.” I press, thinking a huh is by far the least unprofessional thing that’s happened to me.
“I know darling, I know. He would be here if he could.” The eclectic woman murmured softly in to her daughter’s hair.
“Hello, Mrs Hudson. Is Sherlock here?” John asked anxiously, his fingers tugging at the hem on his shirt.
I find myself keening in to his touch, little whimpers of pleasure escaping my lips as I cling to his shoulders.
She groaned in to his mouth as he hitched it up around her waist, his hands coming to rest on her thighs.
Mrs Hudson smiled warmly at her, and waved to the blond toddler who was now dancing about Sherlock’s long legs.
John’s sinful words of filth combined with his finger sliding just between his cheeks had Sherlock howling a loud cry as he came in Johns hand and in his pants...
Sherlock chased John into the living room, stopping abruptly when he saw the blond had jumped on to the coffee table and was now slightly taller.
Sherlock lifted his heavy head, heart hammering away, and presented his wrists in Johns direction. The blond slowly undid the restraints, and took off the blindfold.
“Look at me John... shaking.” She said, gesturing to the teacup filled to the brim with stone cold liquid sloshing about.
The floors in here are really bloody uncomfortable. They’re cold, and hard, and the tightly packed grainy material scratches at my skin.
“Mmmmm...” Sherlock hummed, lifting his hips so John could pull his underwear down, shivering as the cotton garments were dragged against his skin.
By the third, he was in a fair amount of discomfort. He was very overstimulated, and fairly exhausted. His upper thighs were coated with white, sticky fluid, some of it solidifying in a most unpleasant manner. He tried to wriggle his wrists out of the restraints, but it was to no success.
Even after she broke up with Jake, and stopped going to the games, she still hung out with the couple. They soon introduced her to Greg, a friend of Johns. He was two years above, so they never really saw him around during class hours, but he played rugby, and had a flat share with Sherlock’s older brother. She soon found herself coming to the games to watch him, and they were dating by the end of the year.
A car arrived shortly after, and Mycroft, Sherlock, Mrs Holmes, and Harriet got in. The others were driven in a second car. They arrived an hour in advance, and greg arrived shortly after. Sherlock and John sat together singing assorted sea shanties, including the inappropriate ‘I’ll make a man out of anyone of you.’ This resulted in John being thwacked round the head by his mother.
“Yes well, sometimes you have to push your own feelings aside when someone else needs you to be strong.”
Sherlock arrived at school with minutes to spare. John was sitting on a bench, talking to a red headed boy. Sherlock wasn't sure if he aught to approach him, and instead walked right past him.
John furrowed his brows as he realised he was right; other than the coffee shops they frequented, their time together was mainly spent just hanging out in one of their rooms.
Sherlock inhaled deeply when she remembered how it was only five months now. That may seem like a lot of time, but not when you’ve got what feels like a time bomb inside you, just waiting to go off, and destroy everything in its path when it goes off, including Sherlock herself.
When he sits up, his eyes are wide and blinking rapidly. I watch for a moment as he switches from looking in to my eyes then down at my lips for a few moments before I eventually cave, and lean in to kiss his full, plump lips.
His cock is long and thick, easily seven inches, engorged and leaking at the tip. I just sit on his thighs, staring down at his cock, possibly drooling, blinking and trying to even out my breathing.
“She’s had quite a long labour, she’s probably just tired. She’s also quite young, so this is more traumatic for her. Try her again in the morning.”
He took one cube from the tray, and shuffled closer to Sherlock. He thought for a moment, then settled for placing it against Sherlock’s shoulder, wanting to slowly ease him into it.
I can feel myself getting close much sooner than I’d normally like, but when you’re fucking a cupboard, being quick is actually a bonus.
“You did indeed.” He said flatly after a moment, determined not to laugh and to keep a blank expression.
Those were some of the only syllables Sherlock had muttered all week, and was letting the tragic melodies she played on her violin speak for her. Mrs Holmes had gone to visit Mycroft who had a house a few doors down.
For starters, I don’t care what Wiggins is telling me. On top of that, all I can think about is John’s sticky release slowly slipping out of me, coating my thighs and soaking my underwear.
A strain is put on John and Sherlock’s friendship when the former goes to secondary school, and their age difference really starts to show.
“Well, I guess what we do doesn’t matter now.” John shrugged, and made his way to the kitchen, Sherlock following close behind.
She left out what had happened at the station, and that she hadn’t left her room since. She simply made up some nonsense, mentioned the weather and a few sports games, along with some gossip she’d overheard. She walked across her room, and hesitantly opened the door. She silently went down the stairs, and into the parkour. The three women all turned to look at her.
Next came a forest green skirt, a mustard jumper, knee high socks of various colours, the purple top Molly picked, and a black crop top with daisies and a bee on it.
John couldn’t help but laugh at his boyfriend’s monotonous statement. As usual, Sherlock fell asleep not long after, leaving John plenty of time to get on with his mundane homework.
“Such a gentleman.” She mused, trying to hide the small thrill that filled her at the prospect of walking to school side by side with the blonde boy. Side by side would do for now, although there was a pang of sadness that it wasn’t hand in hand.
A raw, primal, animalistic cry sounds from my lungs as my orgasm rips through my body, and ropes of white spurt to stain my chest.
Mrs Watson placed a kiss on her daughters temple, smiled at both boys, then followed Harry’s doctor into the hall.
I nod as I take the painkillers from her. She checks to make sure I’ve swallowed them, then sends me on my way with a kind, albeit pointless reminder to keep my head down. I walk briskly back down to my dorm, making a brief attempt at avoiding confrontation. I may as well try.
Regardless of what he and John had been doing, he didn’t really want to hear what Mycroft and this girl had planned. John was stood by the door, his eyebrows practically ascending into his hairline.
“For him... no. Let me guess, he tried to bribe you?” Sherlock muttered, running his hands through his ebony locks.
“What a shame. Your mother has made some brownies. She was hoping you’d cycle down to the home guard with them.”
Sherlock wasn’t new to being hungover, but this was definitely worse than before. Perhaps that was due to the drinking game she and John had started.
John was barely able to control himself as he sank in inch by inch, his body coursing with adrenaline.
John looks almost embarrassed as he reaches over to pull out a small bottle of what I assume is lube and a small, foil packet from his trouser pocket.
He chuckles at my initiative, and responds to it by moving his hands down to my waist. I feel myself hardening at this, but I don’t care.
Hi guys! Thanks for the suggestions and comments. I seriously suggest you listen to the song mentioned in this chapter. WARNING! Drunk, (consesnsual)  sex in this chapter. Always consensual, just thought I should say. They’re slightly out of character here because booze... Also, the end takes a weird tangent, I just wanted to add to Molly’s character. Sorry if it’s a bit odd.
Sherlock spun around to see John, clad in full football gear, shoes coated in mud, sweat dotting his forehead. Sherlock felt his train of thought dithering as he stared at John.
John bucked his hips forward forcefully, pressing his erection further between Sherlock’s legs. Their bodies were flushed together, hot, and sweaty. John could feel Sherlock’s cock throbbing against his side, tempting him.
John immediately felt a stab of guilt go through him as he remembered that he’d inflicted that pain on him.
“All cleaned up?” He asks after I finally throw away the wipe that was responsible for cleaning my hands.
The doorbell sounded, followed by Mrs Hudson’s ever I even footsteps as she trotted out to the door.
“I’m so sorry about all this. I’m sure you and John had a lovely day planned of playing video games, watching YouTube, and whatever else it is that you boys do.”
Sorry this took ages, I don’t have much time to write at the moment, but I have by no means abandoned this story. Enjoy!
Sherlock jumped on to the table, returning the height difference back to normal. The space between them was smaller now, so there was hardly any space to avoid getting hit. John made one false move, and fell onto Sherlock, knocking the taller boy on to the floor. John had closed his eyes during the fall, and when he reopened them, he was staring into Sherlock’s. He was about a centimetre away from his face, their noses nearly touching. Sherlock was so close to John he could smell his minty toothpaste, the strong scent of his shampoo, and the rich scent of his body spray. He could kiss him if he wanted to, which of course he did want to, but what would John do? Would he push him away? Would he yell at him, and scream? Would he stop being friends with him? He couldn’t risk that. He stayed put, and just stared into johns eyes, not knowing John was thinking the same thing. Sherlock could help but think back to his dream, his blood flowing south as the imagery swam round his head. He tilted his pelvis to the side, and was only all too great full when the blond slowly got up, and pulled him to his feet. The silence forming between them was broken by the doorbell.
Not only do I want to be in his company for as long as possible, but I feel a strange sense of protectiveness over him. I barely know him, although he apparently knows everything about me.
“Because, I can’t very well tell them what I was actually doing. ‘Sorry I’m late coach, I was balls deep in my boyfriends ass’.”
“I think I’m going to...” he began, his voice raspy and strained as he desperately chased after the intense sensation that was building in his abdomen.
“Right, That should be warm enough.” John stood back, hands on his hips as he watched the bath fill up.
“Oh.” John chuckled, resting his head against Sherlock’s as he waited for him to shimmy his jeans down. Once they were off, John threw them over his shoulder where they landed in a corner somewhere.
John nodded in affirmation before slowly moving his hips forward. Sherlock shuffled his pelvis into a more comfortable position, and rearranged his legs so they locked around Johns back. He let out a small sigh of content when John moved again, the weird sensation becoming more of a pleasant one.
John had gone up to see his parents for the weekend, and normally, Sherlock would go with him, but he’d stayed behind to write a blog entry on the different types of tobacco. John was meant to be coming home tomorrow evening. That was definitely too long in Sherlock’s mind. He’d have to find some way to amuse himself...
He thrusts his tongue in to my mouth, and fights mine for dominance, each velvety stroke eliciting sparks of pleasure.
John quickly pulled away. Sherlock giggled at the slightly perplexed look on the boy’s face, then turned her head towards the hall.
Johns was astonished at this, and he would have thought on this a little longer had he nod been immediately distracted by Sherlock biting his lip and drawing it in to her mouth.
I have experimented on myself before, and I know how odd it feels right up until it gets really, really good.
After a lot of fumbling, cursing, and giggling in Sherlock’s case, he managed to free her from the fabric cage.
His cock sprung free, red and pulsing, dripping pre cum. Although Sherlock had only seen johns cock twice before, he’d already become rather accustomed to it. This time it was less awkward as he had some idea of what he was doing, and what John liked. He didn’t need to be so nervous. He took one more look at John’s throbbing member, taking time to memorise it properly this time, before gingerly placing his mouth around it.
Irene reached over to the sharp nosed boy, and squeezed his hand. He didn’t flinch, and his expression didn’t show any surprise he might have.
Sherlock was not looking forward to the train journey. She would take the small train in to town, where she would meet a teacher and the other children, with whom she would spend her next year with. The odds were she would have annoyed everyone on the train so much so that she would have little chance of befriending them when they arrived at the school.
Sherlock wandered into her father’s study, and came back with a small tub of his less favoured, but still fine quality tobacco. She came back with the tub, and presented it to Greg.
“It’s nice to see him have company.” Mycroft paused before settling on that word, raising his eyebrows at Sherlock.
Mycroft Holmes sat with her younger sister for 46 minutes on the platform till she lost her voice from crying out for John.
He was shot in the head. His eyes went wide as blood poured from his skull. He fell forwards, and collapsed in the crimson pool. It shook John to his very core. He lay in bed that night, tossing and turning. He wondered who would tell David’s mother he wasn’t coming home. John began to cry as he imagined her stood on her porch, praying to god that the mail man wasn’t bringing her a yellow telegram.
He was so full, his body completely stretched out to accommodate john’s length. He felt as though John was going to split him right up he middle, and not in a good way.
The lanky teen complied, and allowed himself to melt in to John’s touch as his cock stirred to attention, his fingers reaching to grip the countertop.
She looked up at him in earnest, eyes brimming with tears. She placed her hand on the one that was cupping her cheek, and kissed it.
“Yes.” I say simply, leaving out the bit because I was eager to see him, although my early arrival suggests just that.
“No, I’m ok. It doesn’t hurt so much now. You can continue.” Sherlock said with earnest, choosing to ignore the pain.
Mrs Hudson couldn’t bring herself to abolish the older Holmes child, and instead went back to affectionally gazing at the youngest.
He shuffles a little closer before lowering his head, and taking my dripping cock in to his perfect mouth.\
“Last cup.” She said as she placed another cup down in front of Sherlock, trying to sound stern, but a smile tugged at her lips.
He takes it well, mewling quietly, leaning forwards to bite at my shoulder, sinking his teeth in deeply when I curl my fingers inside his deliciously warm channel.
“Yes. Your rucksack. It’s rather beaten down. Your clothes on the other hand are perfectly laundered, your shoes are barely scuffed, and your text books are in immaculate condition. You’re careful with your possessions. But the rucksack. It’s got holes that have been re-sewn, and it’s faded. It also has the name ‘Harry Watson’ written on the inside. Second child, lots of hand me downs. Age gap is big enough that your brother no longer needs the rucksack for school. I’m guessing you don’t get along with your brother from the tone you adopted when I asked about him. Probably favourite child. It is a very nice rucksack, just like the MP3player you had earlier, also a hand me down, who’s costs most likely outright that of the phone in your back pocket. You’re jealous. Obviously.”
We’d been terrified someone had heard us that time round, so a short hiatus ensued, but the way Sherlock is looking at me right now says that the hiatus is about to be lifted.
“Gave up mathematics to have children. That was totally worth it.” Mrs Holmes grumbled to herself as she disappeared down the hall.
Sherlock snapped his attention back to the blond who had settled himself down on the sofa, who’s cushions seemed to swallow him up. The tall teenager removed the blue black coat from his shoulders, and tentatively placed it on the arm chair behind him. Sherlock opted for sitting on the sofa with John, and soon discovered that the cushions also wanted to eat him.
John turned to look at Mycroft who had what looked like porridge on his head. The older boy simply nodded his head in greeting, then sauntered away, ignoring the glances of confusion from both his mother and John.
“When we get home, you can be as loud as you want.” I purr with a gentle stroke to his inner thighs.
He pulls back, and his gaze drifts down a little further to linger on my artificially glistening hole.
I nod in acknowledgement before going back to reading my book. I’m opposed to new people, and new guards are no exception. After I finish my chapter, I walk down to the bathrooms. Bathrooms is a loose term. It’s primary usage appears to be a hookup spot. I advert my gaze when I notice one of the inmates from electrical with his head thrown back against the wall in pleasure. I’m always as quick as possible in here, this hell hole. In my haste I fail to notice the inmate in front of me. James Moriarty. No one is quite sure how he’s managed to land himself a place in minimum security. The rumours about what he did range from murder to petty theft. His... “creepy” persona is enough to make anyone uncomfortable. That’s not what bothers me though. What bothers me is his obsession with me.
She quickly ran up the stairs before John could start a conversation with her. She dressed quickly in a skirt and blouse, then went back downstairs. Mr Holmes and Mr Watson were in the former’s study, no doubt drinking scotch, Mrs Holmes and Mrs Watson were chatting about crochet patterns in the parlour, Mycroft and Harriet were quietly nursing their hangovers in the corner of the room, and John was sat on his own by the fireplace. Sherlock made the brave decision to sit next to him in the other armchair.
“Mhhh...” Sherlock hummed happily as John leant forwards to press their lips together while he worked a second finger inside him.
I hesitate only briefly before dismounting him, and rearranging ourselves so that I’m on my back, propped up on a pillow with him so that he’s sat between my legs.
“I’m gonna take out a rake for you, so we actually look like we came in here for a legitimate reason.” He chuckles as he closes the door behind us.
Sherlock whimpered, and looked away under John’s intense gaze. His whole body was tingling with carnal desire. He needed release, but he knew he would get any if he made a fuss about it.
I feel him wrap his arms around my shoulders and nuzzle his face in to the crook of my neck, murmuring sounds of understanding.
Sherlock was very good at getting her way, so it was no surprise to her that this was the answer. She now had to walk down the drive to get to John’s, which took an extra few minutes. She had told him her mother had said yes before she’d even asked her, so John was ready at the door.
Mrs Watson smiled sadly at her. She could see how much the girl truly loved her son. She highly doubted there would be any ‘funny business’.
The curly haired girl had no answer for that. Instead, she threw a custard cream at mycroft’s head, and went to find their mother.
She smiled as best she could. Mr Watson had been like an uncle to Sherlock, but she hadn’t seen much of him since war broke out.
I’m thrown in to a confrontation with myself on whether I want to reward myself by grinding down on him, and finding release, or whether I want to keep my briefs dry.
They all turned to look for the brunette. They managed to catch her eye when she took a break from sticking her tongue down the girls throat, and waved her over.
The contents in the bag stood at a pair of stockings, a suspender belt, a lacy thong, a cat collar, and a pair of black kitten ears, because one can never own too many.
The pair cautiously crept down the stairs, terrified someone had heard them. Thankfully, Mrs Holmes and Mycroft had the television on rather loud, and were sucked right in.
He looked ever so tempting like this, his skirt lifted just enough to show off his bright red panties. Bright red.
Unfortunately, Sherlock had walked away after he heard John apologising for his behaviour, and missed Rosie’s response. He spent most of his morning staring at the table wondering why his heart hurt. At lunch, John was sat with the blonde girl, Rosa, Romeo, Robbert, or something like that. Sherlock marched over to the table, and sat down next to john. John didn’t seem to notice, and carried on avidly conversing with the girl. The curly haired boy not so subtly cleared his throat to get the other teen’s attention.
Sherlock felt butterflies flapping around in her chest. She could talk to John. She looked up at the young woman who was still awaiting her answer. She looked so much like John. Sherlock would give anything to see him again, but for now, hearing him would have to do.
Once Sherlock was on his back, John settled between his legs, and applied a generous amount of lube on his fingers.
I’ve never given much thought to what sexual intercourse feels like, but if it’s anything compared to the lustrous sensation of his imprisoned erection attempting to penetrate me through my corse woven trousers, I will be rendered dumbfounded in an uncomprehending state of euphoria.
The smile on the woman's lips disappeared for a second and she took a sharp breath. Apparently, this little piece of information was reason enough for her to sit up on the couch properly. Her smile reappeared in the form of a smirk as she got up and drifted through the room gracefully while her gown was sliding over the carpet, sweeping the floor. She walked past them as if she was the only one in the room, and she glanced over to a floral bouquet on one of the tables. Bending down she took a white rose by the haulm and observed it.
The fire kept burning away around them, unbothered. "It's not far from here. Brompton Cemetery. But you won't find it on your own."
Sherlock's hands were palm to palm again and once more he reminded John of a saint. "Pray, tell the man that Sherlock Holmes has sent you, and that it is of highest importance that he provide you with as much information as there is about all the crimes committed in London within the last four weeks."
. His engine was running slower and slower. Groaning and huffing and with weakening muscles, John fell to his knees in front of the glass tube that glowed blue in the dark, helping Sherlock to lie down on his back before him. He looked over, and there he was.
, John knows how to tease him. Almost as good as he knows him, apparently, always managing to find the balance between building up pleasure and torturing him with his own endless supply of wanting. Yet, none of it is satisfying. The more John does to him –
"Oh, yes," Mary explained, seeming as equally fascinated by the way John was tracing the events in front of him with roaming eyes as John was by what he was seeing. "Her ex-husband taught her. If nothing else, he was a brilliant musician at least. From what I have heard."
"I've got you, love," he whispered to Sherlock. Together they entered the chambers beneath the gravestone of Victor Trevor.
. He remembers having once thought Sherlock Holmes was like a drug to him. Well, look at his replacement now. This isn't even ironically funny anymore.
"Do not let your emotions cloud your judgement, Dr Watson. Wellington Barracks is a military basis-"
"It was me who taught him the practice of witchcraft. You have to understand, he promised me things. This isn't me justifying my actions, this is me explaining them. There was enough money in it that it made no sense for me to keep my own business. Soon I was owning a house, and not long after I got to know Kate. Suddenly I had things to lose." Her eyes turned to Sherlock, and there was an emotion in them that met its equal. "We're so vulnerable when we have things to fight for, are we not?"
The sunset was near and the sky burned with the giant fireball on the horizon tinting the clouds their ship was flying through. Sherlock's backside was the one dark spot in the room. His hands were pulling on his curls where he sat at the round table of the conference room with the many window panes they had stood in just yesterday night, and he briefly wondered if he had moved at all since then. Mycroft looked around the room and found a pipe, probably thrown into the corner, and he bent down to pick it up.
stag night? There wasn't really anyone else involved.) The vision that crosses his mind's eye is blurry and wobbly, a drunk man's memory.
"Oh God, he is not going to be amused at all. And why now, with Irene missing also … How could this happen to us?"
Sherlock seemed to consider this for a while. John didn't even dare to blink, watching him as Sherlock's eyes were closed. There were a few wrinkles, placing themselves around the closed lids and between his drawn brows, almost building a bridge above his dainty nose. The gap between his full lips narrowed and dissolved into a straight line when he pressed those lips together, and John eyed him in fascination, for when he opened them again there was a soft
"That is no business of yours." He looked around himself. They all looked tired to him. His body wasn't but his mind was feeling the same way for a very long time. "Come now. Go home, everyone."
Lestrade smiled back at him. "Oh, I would have many good reasons to lock up the both of you. But this is not one of them.”
He squeezed his hand tighter as the world exploded. Left and right from the stage rockets fired off and into the air like a hundred shooting stars. The noises were numbing their ears, a deafening whistle on a scale, and their hearts staggered as the sparks kept sprinkling above them. White and red and yellow shots of firework attacked the high ceiling,
John’s hand drops down, and he has no difficulty finding the bulge that is very evidently pushing against the thin layers of Sherlock’s clothes. It’s obvious how much it turns him on to get John off. It makes him smile even wider. But his smile is predatory. He massages the hard cock through the fabric. Sherlock whines once more, followed by a full-bodied shiver. John loves to have him like this. Lost, his head swimming, out of control. He would love to take him apart right now. But he won’t.
He closes his eyes once, and blinks them open again. It wakes them both up from a dream that never was.
"Yes, I... I feel it. I can feel what she's doing. But I'm fine. Unlike the rest of them. Sherlock, what do we do?"
John finally has the courage to turn around and go, or maybe he lacks the courage to face him and stay, but either way he walks back into the sitting room, prepared to put on his jacket and leave the house for at least two hours. Sherlock jumps up and follows him.
“I- I don’t. Why- why should I even tell you? You read my mind all the time, can I not be allowed to keep this one thing to myself for once?!”
He eyed the hand in front of him with suspicion. And yet, he did not back away. "I am not going to carry you,
"Meteor showers are events like this, where meteoroids are entering our atmosphere. But most of them could never reach the ground, you see, 'cause they are so fast and small that they just burn and combust. It looks like they'd disappear and you'll ask yourself where they're going. That's the myth behind it, actually. They say if you see a shooting star you shall think of something you wish for, and it will come true."
He wore his trousers looser this time. With Violet, he had balked at the idea of clothes suited for his condition, and had continued to wear his trousers until he could no longer pull them closed. Just in case, he started to wear his paternity trousers before he really needed them, giving the new baby—another girl, god—all the room to grow that she could possibly want.
The noise made John turn to look at Sherlock, who had been sat in the corner of the stall since Marjorie had her calf, rubbing his stomach with both hands and staying silent. He took in Sherlock's pale face, the stillness of his form, the sheen of sweat on his brow, and now, the wetness spreading across his trousers. "Oh, Sherlock," he sighed, and left Marjorie's calf to kneel beside his mate.
“There’s hardly any laces left as it is,” John said, brow furrowed. The corset had fit fine when he’d laced Sherlock into it this morning, and he’d never needed it adjusted midday before. Perhaps the travel and meal had shifted it. “Come, let’s go to your old rooms and I can help you.”
Sherlock fell to his knees, drawing in deep, shaking breaths. The baby in his belly shifted anxiously as his blood pressure rose, as his self control decayed and he started to sob under the pounding shower.
“Says you.” John plugged his mobile in to charge and set it aside, the screen dimming after a moment and then shutting off. “Foot rub?” Sherlock nodded and picked up his feet, depositing them in John’s lap unceremoniously.
The fire alarm above his head dangles from a single wire, the others cut jagged and loose. The floor is littered with cigarette butts, scattered alongside the pink onesies and green socks.
“A newborn Watson-Holmes,” Sherlock corrected, yawning again but stifling it behind a tired smile. “Wake me if she needs anything.”
“I know it does. A few more of these and it’ll be time to go to hospital,” John assured, kissing Sherlock’s sweaty cheekbone. “You’re almost down to five minutes between. Once you get there we can go.”
A shiver ran down his spine. With a first reluctance, he went over to the window to look down the street. Indeed, there was something waiting for him. A cab? It suddenly seemed clear that Sherlock meant for him to get in there.
"Sometimes you don't make any sense at all, Doctor. You do all this, see all this and you absorb it all and take it in as if it were the easiest thing in the world to you. Yes, what is it about you?"
John is waiting in this charged air of silence, maybe having realised what he just said, maybe not. Sherlock tips his chin up and obeys.
It was not as if John had wanted to stay longer, but rather that he was tired of being shoved around and told what to do by people like Mycroft Holmes. He had served to follow orders, but he was a civilian now. He chose who he wanted to follow. There was one and only one consulting detective who he belonged to, and he needed him now. He needed to see him, to speak to him, to make him explain. But first and foremost, he needed to know that he was okay.
His tongue leaves his hole with a wet sound. "Begging again?" John teases, putting the tip of his finger in. Teasing him more. "I am inside you."
While she was circling him, she was simultaneously getting closer and closer. Her breath was hot on the back of his neck, and he tried not to move. He clenched his jaw in discomfort as he felt her whispered words coiling around the shell of his ear and tickling it. It felt as though she was trying to find a way into his very head. She would never touch him, the only soft contact established through shifts of air around, and when she spoke again, it sounded like a dark spell.
The music had stopped. The song was over. Laughter and a single compiled sound of murmur refilled the room. Molly's breathing was heavier and her heart rate had increased. Sherlock, obviously, remained unaffected. Without a heart, without blood pumping through his veins, he was always fully functional.
and now seemingly everyone was interested in the advances of scientists and tinkerers. It was exciting, really, to know that, of all the ideas and creations that had only existed as drolly fantasies which the previous generation would probably have greeted with mocking smiles until now, technically every single one of those fantasies could be turned into a tangible possibility by tomorrow.
"We seek Moriarty and his lunatic sister out of their fucking hiding places," he announced. "We end all of this." He was so, so tired of losing loved ones.
"There is no other way," the General said. "Let's raise a last glass. For the world as we know it will change when the sun sets by tomorrow." They raised their glasses of golden liquor. "To our troops."
He kisses the skin behind his ear. Sherlock gulps. Loudly. The light sensation is torture and he feels its affect running down his spine and settling almost inside of his bone structure, controlling him. And his mouth.
Moran's eyes widened for a second, and then his mouth stretched into a repelling grin. "Oh, so you finally-"
"Where is Mycroft?" Sherlock asked. It was obvious he thought his brother was somehow behind this, and John could not say he didn't have the same thought.
"Yes?" he asked with a smile. The red wine was preventing it from leaving his face for quite some time now.
It calms Sherlock down the longer they are kissing and slowly closing the distance between their bodies more and more. They are mirroring each other, looking like jigsaw pieces that can only paint the full picture together, John's parts fitting Sherlock's perfectly. They are sitting opposite each other with their knees bent and their legs entangled, feet touching the other one's thighs and bum. It eases the anxiety and soothes the sorrow around his heart as John's hands find the back of his head to run his fingers through soft curls. They kiss until Sherlock's tears dry, and as if John could sense it, he moves on to press kisses to his salty cheeks where the skin feels hardened from dried teardrops.
Lowering his gaze just a little, he has already found something new to mesmerise him. John's dark blue eyes, pupils slightly dilated, lines around them like there used to be when he was laughing (so long have they not
Sherlock smiled and shook his head. God, he really was dying. "We still need that. It cuts through bone if you want it to."
. You are good. You are so... courageous. You and your detective will keep London from falling. Of that I am certain."
John was wondering. There was no 221A or even C anywhere near, after all. Then he chuckled to himself, thinking about what that said about the inhabitant and his reputation, and that he really ought to read the papers more often. If the B was on the door, Mrs Hudson either had to be a very generous woman or Sherlock Holmes was even more famous then he had realised till now. But a private detective had to get his clients to find him somehow, he supposed.
John blinked up at him, forcing himself to take in the words he was saying and to recognise the reality of him being here, with Sholto, after all this time.
"Too human for a vampyre and too much of a monster to be part of our world. Forever caught in between two forces. And he has found a way to take revenge on both of them. Become a consultant, expert in murdering people on behalf of more cowardly men, then use the corpses to build a robot army, and use the army to fight what he knew was coming. A vampyre invasion. I regret to say this but, in a way, it is rather brilliant."
But Moriarty smiled knowingly and cut him off. "You have my word." They didn't discuss further how his word had never meant shit.
The sound of breaking glass echoed in his ears. Sholto pressed the palm of his hand against the side of his neck. John's body reacted faster than his head did. A shot through the window, a crack in the colours. John's gun was in his hand and he shot back, hearing a scream from the other side that confirmed the hit. The cracks ran across the panes and multiplied over the glass painting like a spider's web until the structure inevitably collapsed and the shards tumbled over the tiles.
. Obviously, this was not exactly an uncommon name. At least that was what John had initially thought. But this could not be a coincidence. He remembered what Sherlock had taught him about coincidences.
The surprise still dominated John's features slowly, very slowly transformed into an unbelieving smile not much different from the one before. The eyebrow wrinkle had returned.
"Your suggestion, Mr Holmes," Irene began, slowly walking around him, "is to attack. I say doing so is a bad idea. I say … We wait. Ah!" she raised a finger between them to shut him up before he could object, "Hear me out. There is already a battle going on, and it is a battle between James Moriarty and his sister. Use that to your advantage! Wait to see who wins, who loses. Her vampyres or his army of cyborg corpses. Let them fight each other and strike when the winner is weakest."
Deeply in thought, John reached for the cup again and when the drink slipped between his lips, he scowled. Cold. Sherlock tilted his head and threw a nonverbal question in his direction, to which John only answered with a low hum in his throat.
The eyes of everyone in the room were boring into him, and the man was exposed. He swallowed, once, his mouth twitching downwards. Until he finally threw his hands up and gave in.
When John turned around to look over his shoulder, the undergoing sun touched his face. The detective was just behind him. The orange light was setting a glowing frame around his silhouette. This was it. The earth had spun because time did not stop for anything, and now the sun was merely an eclipse, cut off by the horizon, dipping the clouds in many colours, reaching from soft cinnabar red over lilac and purple to midnight blue. Sherlock gave him a quick nod like he was the one in charge. He was not, not this time. They were all waiting. Waiting for Midnight's signal.
"Out of my war, Sherlock." Sherlock spoke how he had never heard him speak before. It sounded just like one particular criminal mastermind. In the next moment, he pressed his palm against his temple. "Out of my head!"
The hole in his chest had only widened, screws and framework exposed. Sherlock, despite all the odds, was smiling. It was no happy smile.
"I have a very good sense for human nature, Dr Watson. John. We could truly use someone with your abilities. You would be an extraordinary benefactor."
John knew what he was going to fight for. He would not stand still and silent. Sherlock became heavier and heavier to bear as he grew weaker.
“As long as you need, John. We both agreed, didn’t we? Both of us don’t plan on leaving or getting married and reproduce anytime soon, so.”
"Surely you have some sort of bag with you where you keep your medicine? Of course you do, every good doctor would. So if she is not in the room yet, place this tube in the bag and then pull it out when she comes back. She will think it was medicine you brought yourself. Apply this to her injured arm and the skin will absorb the toxic chemicals. She should be unconscious within the first three minutes, six minutes at most."
"I wonder," he stated, counting on Sherlock's curiosity to get the better of him and ask him to specify. When he didn't, he turned his head and counted the clouds in the sky. It was a blue day and the sun was shining. Not many clouds to count. One could be led to think they had all made a home in Sherlock's mind. He tried again.
"Oh, John.” He sounds so lost already, his arse rubbing slow circles against John’s lower stomach from behind. John’s fingers dig into the skin below sharp hipbones, still in his pockets, his breath going faster as he presses their bodies closer together. Closer still.
John tilted his head in bewilderment. Could it be that his apparent partner in crime was overestimating himself? Was it really wise to trust him as much as he had asked of him? For all he knew about him, he could as well be a liar or a criminal mastermind himself, which would make John an accomplice about to help this cyborg escape and do God-knows-what evil he was capable of.
How many times has he imagined John Watson in his bed before this? He hasn’t kept track, but he knows that this time couldn’t be further from his imagination. Because it is reality. And it feels so, so much better than anything else in the world.
There was a silence in the room. What would one make of such an exclamation? Where would one even begin? Anderson was the first to find his voice again and huff out a laugh. "Oh, but this is absurd!"
But there was something not right about this. The merry baggage didn't move. They didn't dance, they didn't smile. They didn't
John begins to quietly whisper into his ear, as one of his hands slips downwards again, rests on his hip. "As much as I like this ..." He gently bites Sherlock's earlobe, who can't help the gasping and leaning in further. "... which is a lot ..." He starts kissing the skin behind his ear, holding him in place with his grip now at the back of his neck.
As John looked up, Sherlock had leant in closer towards him over the table, chin resting on his intertwined hands and his elbows braced on the tablecloth.
He could only see Moriarty turning around to embrace Sherlock with open arms and the bloodstained grin of a lunatic. Then his lights went out. A hard blow to the back of his head and he was gone. Down on the floor.
John spun around so suddenly that their heads almost bumped into each other. "How did you get that?"
A long pause. Sherlock looked down at the neatly folded pair of hands that lay in his lap. Eventually, he took a deep breath and let it out in a sigh.
"Well, I was a knight, actually." He had no idea why he was telling her this. This was not something to show off with.
He snaps back into the here and now when Sherlock takes his injured hand in his own. With big eyes he looks up and suddenly Sherlock's face is very close and his heart is pounding hard and swelling up to his throat, it seems.
There is a loud sob that fills the room, and now Sherlock finally understands why John is looking at him like this, why he is leaning forward and stretches out his arm to caress his cheek. The thumb with which he strokes over one sharp cheekbone is wet. After another sob he realises that it is not John's thumb but
John did not break the eye contact. He was done with all of this. Supporting Sherlock's weight with all his muscles could still give, he stood tall, his mouth a hard line, his eyes tired. He stared down the barrel of her revolver.
Now he was only waiting for a sign. Sitting on his bed he was barely able to keep his feet still as he expected something tremendous to happen. The sign of
, the barmaid, was still standing in front of him behind the counter. There was currently no one else sitting at the bar. It was yet too early for the Criterion to be overflowing with guests, even if there was a respectable number of people sitting around tables and on benches around the pub. Stuck behind the counter she had to be bored then, or at least glad that the only one she had to worry about was still sober and not as weird as some blokes had a tendency to be. She waiting for John to offer her his name as well.
John's mouth fell wide open. Not knowing what to say he only blinked up at this odd, intimidating person that took his breath away.
"She was beautiful, with long legs and pale skin and dark, dark hair that floated in waves around her head. I can very well imagine why he chose her. They did not look unalike. For the first time, he exploited the body of a stranger in order to resurrect a soul foreign to it. And when I finally realised who he was trying to reawaken in the body of the dead woman, it shook me like nothing ever had before. He was trying to bring back his sister. Bring back Eurus Moriarty."
The screams were getting louder, they got closer, and they were fast. It was so dark that he needed to trust his instincts, he needed to filter. Ignore the loud gunfire, the tormented cries of death. He tightened the grip around his rifle, not allowing himself for one second to be too careless. The water had made the material wet and slippery in his hands, endless streams were rinsing down from the crown of his head, making him want to shiver, to blink it away a thousand times.
– bright red and it ran down the side of his face and was damping some of his curls. He felt his fingers itching with the urge to stroke back some of his dark strands and check the entry wound, check on his breathing, his pulse. Before he even knew what was happening, the words had left his lips in a whisper. "You- you're bleeding."
"Sherlock, they're planning something. Something big. Moriarty is going to organise a ball at The Prof."
He cleared his throat and turned back to Sherlock. "So, just to have this clear: you want me to go find that Lestrade inspector and demand he let me sniff around his case files, and you think he will simply agree to this because I am an acquaintance of yours?"
The man in the big chair spoke to him and John's head snapped up instantly. He could not see him since what he was facing was just the chair's broad backrest. When neither he nor the chair made another move, John stepped forward and pulled back one of the less important-looking chairs on his side of the desk. That appeared to be pleasing enough, and the huge chair finally turned around slowly. A long man was now facing him, both his elbows on the armrests and his fingers steepled under his chin. One of his brows seemed to be ever so slightly raised by default, and his small eyes pierced through him in an intimidating way. His hawklike nose and pale face only emphasised everything the man probably wanted to emphasise.
Sherlock held up another test tube and tilted it back and forth for John to look at it. "The darkness indicates it's venous blood and the thickness of it certainly comes from the high levels of iron. They are bloodsuckers, so it is only logical that those levels would be higher, but their bodies also use it up enormously quick, providing them with energy. When oxygen is transported to the cells, the colour of the blood darkens. Iron explains where the red colour is coming from, but blue would be needed to create purple, and I … I haven't found out yet what that could be. Some animal's blood contains haemocyanin, which means it contains copper, but I just can't think of-"
Sherlock's eyes quickly snap from the door to the face in the mirror that suddenly looks back at him full of insecurity.
An earsplitting roar robbed them of the chance to get Sherlock away from here before they could have made any attempt. Before he knew, a huge tiger was running towards him, pushing him down until his head hit the stones. As he opened his eyes, Mary Morstan was lying on top of him, pale and naked, her eyes boring into his. Her neck was just as bruised as Moran's, her voice deep and her teeth those of a predator. "
Sherlock doesn't notice that John has left him behind, not until he hears his voice from out of the kitchen, telling him breakfast is ready. If he would be able to, he would have heard the smug tone in John's voice, too.
"You trusted each other," John tossed in, trying to gulp down the tiniest twinge of unreasonable jealousy as hard as possible.
He knows that the shape of the universe looks quite like a brain cell. He knows that a full moon is nine times brighter than a half moon. He knows space is not a complete vacuum, because there are about three atoms per cubic metre of space, and that there are as many oxygen atoms in a breath as there are breaths of air in the atmosphere. He knows that the sun burns hundreds of tons of hydrogen every second. He knows that Saturn is the only planet of all planets in the solar system that would float on water. He knows that the universe is rarely so lazy. (Not now - go away, Mycroft!)
"Tell me, old boy." Moriarty swung his arm around the other man's shoulders, pulling him closer into his personal space like he was about to tell him a secret. "Do you like fireworks?"
Sherlock closes his eyes for a moment, allows himself to calm down and remember that John won’t leave again. "Of course she is. She’s yours, after all."
"Where are they, Mycroft?" Sherlock took a step forward and looked at his brother. "Lestrade, Donovan and the others. Are they alright?"
"We wait," Irene interrupted. She received ten eyes full of shock. Except for Wiggin's pair, who was the slightly bemused bystander that he always was.
Irene walked through the room with the same grace, but in a different dress that was covering a much greater amount of skin this time. She caught a very slim figure but did not look any less posh, despite the now slightly tousled hair and lazily adjusted hairdo. She was coming towards him in the midst of fastening her earring and appeared to be too concentrated to really see at him.
"God, I've missed you so much." His voice is muffled by having his face buried in the fabric of Sherlock's coat. He is a little surprised to find he is crying, but when he looks up he sees that Sherlock is, too.
"Maybe," Sherlock whispered with a tiny smile on his lips, looking down at his fingers or the tablecloth.
right to the second he sees Mary smiling at John, and the pain would come at him in an instant as he put the memory pieces back together.
"So this is my life now. This is what I do. It must sound quite tedious, but to be fair, it isn't really. Since I've met you."
Mary interrupted him with a sudden laugh to which John, to his own surprise, quietly joined in, "-sort of stuck with this," he finished.
His hips twitch upwards, he desperately tries to create more friction through the fabric of John's jeans. By now, he groans with almost every exhale of breath. John straddles his thighs and presses him down to rub against him, giving them both what they need and not nearly enough. He can feel that John likes it, likes being on top of him, likes having the upper hand and taking control over Sherlock's pleasure, and
He shook his head in disbelief and the words just spilled out of him. "I thought you were too astounding to be true."
Not very helpful, though, as he doesn't care about the world in general, never has. He cares about John, only ever John, who is, unfortunately, the one sharing this space with him, and now he has finally drawn his attention. Goddamnit.
"Obviously, when Moriarty has the power to do this to you, he must own you as well. He was in need of a blackmailer, of someone who has influence over what the public thinks. That's why his reputation doesn't have a scratch. He simply lets your people write it that way."
Sherlock was about to interrupt him, but at John’s last words he stopped himself and eyed him with interest. As though anyone else he had met before had told him that there were plenty of things wrong with that. With him.
He can actually hear John gasp as he uses the word again, and he wishes he could've seen his face, but they have both closed their eyes and now their lips are meeting in a kiss, parting and meeting again and parting...
He leaned forward further still and his hands wandered to his lips, index fingers touching cupid's bow. "Think about it. What else could be more effective? Immortal soldiers controlled by an external force? He can design them, he can replace them should they break, for they are dead already. The ultimate weapon. All he needs is a functioning brain and a soul..."
John joined him wordlessly. He let his arms hang over the railing and tried to see what he saw. At the same time, John saw for himself the horror of a war he could not possibly witness from so far up. But he saw them still, just in his mind's eye. Saw lives ending in brutality, the innocent people who weren't here with them killed or sucked dry in their sleep. Saw James bleeding out in his arms.
. This was all he had left of him. He looked up between the dogtag, still smeared with dried blood, Sherlock on the floor and Sherlock behind the glass tank. The necklace fell to the floor and John picked up the crowbar. He hammered it down on the tag and it split in two. Two halves. James and Sholto. Picking up one half, he pressed the sharp edge of the metal to the glass and rose the crowbar again.
The realisation hits him like a lorry at maximum speed, almost knocks him out completely. Everything vanishes expect for the dark, deep blue eyes of the man that is looking up at him now. He loses himself, he feels himself falling down and getting sucked up by them like they were black holes of inescapable depth. Time and space don't matter anymore, falling doesn't matter anymore. Because
"What?" John shouted from up on the horse, frowning. "Are you telling me the Great Sherlock Holmes is afraid of horses?"
. When the hand around his throat disappeared, John sank into the dirt, back rubbing against the brick wall, holding his own neck like it might just break if he didn't.
Sherlock was falling, too. He was just above him, facing him, his back turned towards the clouded sky. His eye now grey like the sky, but John couldn't see. Sherlock was reaching for him, for his outstretched arms. John snapped his eyes open when something was grabbing him. Touching him. Sherlock's hands tightened around his shoulders, and within a half-second he had flipped them over in the air and the crash came in a heartbeat.
"I didn't know you did not," said Sherlock as he stood up and off the ground and put the papers on his chair.
Not having read the papers in ages, he was on the verge of dismissing the thought. But the title page caught his attention with a headline in big bold letters.
Kate crossed her arms in front of her chest, obviously upset. "Not I," she stated shortly. "James Moriarty did."
The maniac, humourless smile on her face remained, and she did not blink once as her tongue was vibrating with every word, thick under the weight of her thousand voices. The world turned mad.
While he had inspected the lady's ankle with solemn focus, Mary had not taken his eyes off him. "So I will be able to dance again?"
"Thank you so much, dear, for bringing back our Sherlock. I won't ask for details unless he tells me, I promise. But you two take care of each other, you hear me?" It was meant to sound like a threat, maybe, but she couldn't keep up a straight face. Her smile came through.
"What?" He turned his head in Lestrade's direction. "Oh, you thought that I had told him, didn't you?"
Her fingers were about to wrap around his throat. He knew. He knew she would lunge for him, down at him, any moment now, but he could not move. He could not even feel himself trying. His limbs felt numb and useless where he was looking up at her from the chair, and his only thought was that
John frowned at this. From the outside, this place did not look like he thought it would. Also, the location seemed far too public for a premise that hid away the sin and obscenity that he had originally imagined to be concealed behind those walls. He wanted to look through the windows to get a clue of what would be awaiting him on the inside, but the curtains were drawn. He felt a twinge of guilt for having judged Mary based on so little words, and only now it occurred to him that maybe he should have asked what kind of dancing she was actually practising.
When he reappeared, he wore a smile below his waxed moustache that was somehow tighter and less patient than the one before. "Only a moment, sir."
John felt blinded by the sight of him. The legs of his chair scraped the floor as he stood up hastily and held his hand out to greet him. "Good evening, Mr Holmes!"
together), only now he is smiling broadly, almost showing teeth. He looks down on him with pure affection and Sherlock feels naked. (He is naked. Did he forget?) Absolutely exposed.
Sherlock doesn't know why he can't hear himself speak up again. He always makes sure the last word of a conversation, of an argument, it can be nothing more than a friendly discussion, but the very last word must be on his tongue. Not this time. Because everything is so different with John and he knows it. They know it. Which is why they are gracefully listening to the rare silence in a darkened alley.
So John really was the exception to the rule? Sherlock had never particularly kept his distance with him, but he had also never felt completely trusted by him. After all, he knew now that there was yet so much more he had not told him.
Mycroft looked like he wanted to say something, but not a sound would come out. John could not tell if his eyes displayed the pain of Sherlock's words to him or if it was the feeling of any emotions at all that pained him.
In his mind, John is stroking him slowly, frustratingly slowly, and his other hand is reaching in between Sherlock's cheeks. His whole back is pressed against the wall and the warm water almost doesn't get to him at all anymore, but he has long stopped feeling cold. John finds his perineum without any effort, as if he knew his body like it was his own (because, in reality, these are Sherlock's own fingers, but by now he is too caught up in sensation to notice anymore) and begins to carefully press his forefinger up into the hole.
By the time John had grabbed his jacket (and also searched for his hat till he remembered that he would probably never see it again) Mrs Hudson had come up to him and took his hand in both of hers in an incredibly fond handshake.
"Sherlock!" John says quickly, trying to stop him from feeling all of what John is already so familiar with, knowing the possessiveness, the guilt of objectifying, but being unable to stop himself. He wants to protect him at all costs, but what he wants more than anything right now is to kiss him. Sherlock is still a little distressed, the soft strokes of John’s fingers against his thighs through his pockets seem to have a soothing effect, supporting his body by pressing his arms against the window frame. John kisses what he can reach of him, licking a long stripe along the pale neck he has always felt an undying affection for, biting softly into the skin of his earlobe. Sherlock makes lovely noises coming from the back of his throat before he lets out a shuddering gasp.
It's raining. Sherlock can feel it in each and every cell of his body. A rain of fire is pouring down on him, soaking his skin and settling somewhere around his bones. Bones? Who needs them anyway? What has he ever needed bones for? He feels boneless. John is on top of him, kissing his neck with so much focus, so carefully as if Sherlock's body was made of glass and not breaking him was the most important task of his life.
The next piece was faster. John adjusted the pace of their dance on his own. Sherlock smirked down at him. He looked impressed.
Sherlock put the eyeball down into his palm with caution. "If you had changed your mind two times, you would have come to the same mindset, so it wouldn't make a difference in the end. Do think, Doctor."
There could not have been much time for him to look for a hiding place, and the yard was too big to not see a man fleeing. Instinctively, his body carried him on stealthy feet, and soon he was cornering the dark green bushes between the buildings.
Having stuffed more food into his mouth already, John tilted his head in question. Of course he had expected Sherlock to tell him of his plans today, but he had rather thought (or hoped) that they would involve the both of them. Not only him alone, to function as his footboy.
Sherlock smiled a smile at him that pulled one corner of his mouth upwards. "Baker Street," he confirmed, then turned to leave him.
in you." Sally was looking just as startled as Sherlock. "And I was enough of a fool to believe her. To believe you were not simply a lunatic drug addict that gets off on a bit of power in his hands. Now look at where you and this professor have brought us!"
A few minutes later he was attaching the arm to his shoulder. John's hand was placed on Sherlock's shoulder blade and, despite all of his protest, he gave his best not to break anything. Sherlock's body felt hard underneath his grip. He had no idea what the detective even was, what he was made of, how he came to exist. He was fairly sure that he was not alive but undead, an experiment of someone else's sick mind and a product of madness. That was why he thought, as he mounted arm to shoulder, about how reasonable it was to interact with a machine, and above all, to argue with one.
Insecurity turns into panic, and his face looks even paler than would be considered healthy. How would he be supposed to go out there? John is out there, possibly naked and possibly still manipulated by some sort of higher power he never dared to believe in, but if you eliminate the impossible then-
Before he could express that this was exactly what worried him, he was already doing what she said. On the ceiling was some sort of lid that he pushed aside, and then he narrowed his eyes expecting to be blinded by sudden daylight. But there was no daylight. Instead, it was another set of stonily walls and floor and ceiling. John climbed out of his hole from the underground and his ears were filled with a terrifying sound. The sound of sharp heels echoing from the walls.
I scuttle back as far as I can so my back is pressed up against the wall, mindful not to bash my head on the desk.
I don’t want to stop him, but I can already feel the familiar sensation of an approaching climax, threatening to shellack my inhibitions.
Sherlock did as he was told, raising his arms above his head so John could pull his shirt off. John was rock hard between his legs, Sherlock’s rocking driving him mad. He attacked Sherlock’s creamy skin with his mouth, sucking and biting, nipping, licking, desire overwhelming him.
Sherlock did as he was told. His ears perked up when he heard John rustling in his bed side table. He felt John grip his hands, and pull them behind his back. He guessed what was happening, but he still jumped when the cool leather touched his wrists.
It was a spacious tub, big enough for both of them to sit quite comfortably when the occasion called for it, and just long enough for Sherlock to stretch out his legs.
“No, no, don’t be sorry. I just...” He cooed softly as he leant in, his lips grazing her ear. “Want you to feel just as good.”
The brunette snapped her head up and returned her attention to her sister, who met her eyes in a steely glare.
“So I hacked in to the news report and convinced our roommates the flat had burned down; that doesn’t give them an excuse to turn me in to a fucking Sphinx cat!”
John rolled him off gently, and went in search of some underwear. He pulled on a fresh pair, and threw a pair to Sherlock. John pulled on a T-shirt, then returned to Sherlock. His eyes were half closed, and he was trying not to yawn. John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s pale knee before sliding his skirt down, and replacing it with a pair of cotton briefs. He carefully wrapped Sherlock in the white sheet at the end of the bed before hoisting him up.
“He never talks to me anymore about his feelings. I never know what’s going on with him. Both my children shut me out.” She’d started crying again, quite mewls escaping her.
After about ten minutes, the front door opened. John visibly tensed, his body clearly experiencing the fight or flight response. Sherlock assumed it was his mother, and his sister, judging by the second set of footsteps.
The lunch bell rang, and Sherlock trailed off to his next class. He sat through English, pretending to be listening, and ended up writing pi to 400 places from his elbow to his thumb. On his way to chemistry, he heard someone call him. He turned around to see Mike, and another boy. Said boy was a few inches shorter than mike, with ashy blonde hair, and navy eyes. Sherlock scanned him from his shoes up to his hair, and from his left hand to his right.
Thompson was just a boy, his first Christmas at the front. John was used to the hardships of war by now, and he had scars to prove it.
“Greg, are you coming back with me?” Rosie asked, slipping her fingers through the gap in his shirt buttons.
It was more comfortable in the parlour, but the big bay windows in the dining hall lit up the entire room, making it easier on her eyes as she darned Lucy’s socks.
"I'm going to see if your brother wants to eat. He undoubtably wants caffeine." Mrs Holmes mumbled as she poured another cup of tea, and disappeared up the stairs.
“Holmes, medical. Nothing to worry about, just a routine vaccination.” I clarify for him when he gives me a weird look.
They pulled back abruptly, their cheeks hot. Neither child could look at the other, so their gaze remained on the floor, or the ceiling, both of which had suddenly become of the upmost interest.
A small squeak escapes him as his back collides with the door, but I silence him by crashing our mouths together in an excited kiss that bruises our lips and causes our teeth to clack.
Their warm and soft, and taste ever so slightly of strawberry, the jelly from tonight’s dessert I assume.
“Please, you really think he can last that long?” Sherlock grumbled, not really wanting to think about his brothers sex life, but wasn’t willing to let an opportunity to mock him pass by.
“Of course you should!” I exclaim, making Sherlock jump and drop his noddles down his front. “Use your talents for good.”
I chew the inside of my cheek, and flop back on to my bed. I don’t need to piss off the people who don’t hate me, even I know that. The guard is gone by dinner time. There is another new guard, a woman. I’m not getting anything from her, and it’s... unsettling. She appears to be the focus of a lot of the other inmates. She fits the traditional beauty standards, I suppose. She’s of no interest to me though. I continue with my book, slowing my pace as I’ve only a few chapters left. I may as well ask Mycroft tomorrow to post me some new books instead of calling my parents, and wasting my phone credit. Despite my best attempts, I’ve finished the book by lights out. Bother. There are of course books in the library, but the contents of which are all very mundane. I assume the new guard will be here tomorrow. It would be weird to make him start on a Friday, and then not make him work on Saturday, even though it is by far the hardest day. I eventually fall asleep. Boredom is a wonderful sedative.
“Yes, well my parents are rather interesting to say the least, although their preferred term is eclectic.” Sherlock murmured, flashing his boyish grin.
“Baby...” I start, trying to use his hips to moderate and control the speed at which he slams down on my almost painful erection. “Are you going to cum for me?”
John went to take a sip of his juice, but nearly choked when he felt Sherlock’s hand directly over his groin.
“John, why do you insist on spending time with me?” Sherlock blurted out, his eyes narrowed. “Why do you want to talk to me?”
“I’m amazed one of them didn’t get moved. The amount of times moriarty has sent Sherlock down to medical...” moly repeats.
He let out a strangled groan when he felt John’s hands running down his chest and underneath the waistband of his pyjama bottoms.
It only reminds me of earlier when I was cuffed before him, completely at his mercy whilst he pounded in to me.
Hi guys, this is my first Male/Male smut, so please be gentle with me. I intend to come back and edit the chapter, as this was a bit rushed. Also, I know I have John being all ‘in charge’ but consent is always important.
Harriet quirked her eyebrows in amusement as she watched her flustered little brother, clearly having caught him going somewhere he’d rather not say.
It didn’t seem like a bad idea. He’d always enjoyed dress up as a child, but it was usually pirates, not girls.
“The scarf in your bag, it’s Alpaca wool. Alpacas are typically found in either Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia, or chilli. You have a tan, and the ends of your hair are slightly lighter then the roots, your hair has been bleached by the sun. That suggests you’ve been out there a while. You walk around the school as if you recognise it, meaning you have attended it previously. I joined in year 9, and we’ve never met. You must have left in year 8, at least. So two or three years in Peru. Now, your brother.”
The next few minutes were the worst. They went by so slowly up until the didn’t. Suddenly, everything went by in a blur.
Sherlock wasn’t quite sure how he’d been talked in to this, but he’d ended up going on girls night to a club. John had rugby, so he didn’t really have anything better to do. He was now on the third round of shots, and he’d already forgotten what his name was. Sherlock went through six phases of being drunk.
“I’ve loved you since we were children. Obviously in a very different way to the way I love you now, but I loved you all the same.”
He walks us over to the blanket fort, and gently lays us down so that I’m straddling his waist. Without hesitation, I begin grinding my hips down on his length, and I am genuinely concerned that I’m going to cum just from this, untouched.
He tilts his head to the side in an adorable manner, not unlike the way a dog does when trying to understand what you’re saying.
Sherlock was sat on a table trying to persuade Mycroft to never have children, as she didn’t want an army of annoying, large nosed infants running around calling her ‘auntie Sherly’.
Sherlock smiled against John’s lips when they captured his in a kiss. His tongue darted out to lick the raspberry sauce from the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, making him moan.
As she read the words, Sherlock couldn’t help her hand from travelling to rest on the gentle swell under her dress.
Birthdays weren’t really Sherlock’s thing. She didn’t have parties, or see her extended family. The only thing she looked forward to was johns gifts. He always knew just what to get her. She sat crosses legged in front of him with a box in a lap. Handle with care. Was scrawled in bold on the top. She did just this as she opened it. Inside was a set of glass bottles, test tubes, and a conical flask.
She held out a pair of mauve panties with attached garters. Sherlock was looking around the room, his cheeks flushed, his eyes the size of saucers.
I am amazed at how bold a gesture this is. He seems to be very comfortable with me now, so maybe... maybe he’s ready for more?
“I expect this is a given, but never mention what happened today. To anyone.” John said, his steely eyes staring Sherlock down. Despite being the taller of the two, the way John was glaring at him made him feel about two inches tall.
We stay still for a little while, resting against each other, Sherlock sat on the shelf that runs all around the perimeter, legs still wrapped around me.
John was used to a certain level of observation from Sherlock, but it was weird coming from his sister who once failed to notice a fire in their microwave, a result of leaving a spoon in a bowl of pasta. There must be something very blatant that was giving him away.
“You know i’m not as boring as you think I am. So I don’t hook up with random people at bars,” She started, locking eyes with Irene. “Maybe I don’t do sexy skits in cheerleading costumes.” Rosie blushed as Molly faced her. “And maybe I don’t have sex in public bathrooms.” She turned to look at John and Sherlock who were both trying to resist sleep. “But that doesn’t make me boring! You know what, screw you guys. Maybe I will stay with Mycroft.” She grabbed her bag, and stormed out of the club.
Sherlock thought he might cum then and there, but he forced himself to keep it together. He felt John moving him till he was over his lap at the edge of the bed. First, Johns hand just lightly grazed his ass cheeks. He ran his hand over the smooth skin, only applying a small amount of pressure. Sherlock willed himself to stay quiet, but a gentle smack had him groaning loudly, and sinking his nails into johns thigh. He could feel Johns hard cock pressing into his abdomen, exciting him even further.
“We’re just going upstairs for a moment, then we’ll be straight out.” Sherlock said quickly before escaping from the room as fast as he could before his mother could notice his little problem. John quickly scurried after him, and chased him up the stairs. Sherlock desperately attacked his lips as soon as they were in his room. John responded quickly, opening his mouth to provide Sherlock full access. Sherlock brought his arms up to wrap around johns neck. He was so turned on from John’s teasing. He wanted John to touch him, kiss him, pleasure him. John placed his hands on Sherlock’s hips, and pushed him against the door. The brunette gasped out a moan as his back hit the wood. John was in between his legs in an instant, his erection painfully obvious as it poked into Sherlock’s leg.
Just as she’d grown accustomed to, she was awoken by screaming. She quietly got down from her bed, and went to meet Mrs Watson in the hall way.
John smiled again as he thought about how very special Sherlock was to him. Then he remembered the conversation that was waiting for him at home, and his stomach dropped.
“I think Harry would need to be here for that to be possible.” John quipped when he noticed the unsurprising absence of his sister.
This is a sort of fluffy, comedy, filler chapter. Thank you all for the votes on the suggestions. Smut in the next chapter ;) Hopefully it’s improving.
“Are you sure? Mycroft never talks to women. The last women he spoke to was at a drive through where she asked if he wanted fries with his Big Mac.”
Sherlock used a chair to get the game down off the top of a cabinet. One second she was reaching for the game, and the next she was on the floor.
Sherlock obliged, sauntered over to the bed, and settled in Johns lap. John put their faces together, but didn’t join their lips in a kiss. Instead, they just breathed each other’s air, the tension between them skyrocketing.
“What are you doing here? It’s... 04:00.” She said, casting an eye to the grandfather clock in the corner.
He bucked his hips forcefully, rattling the head board as his cock became fully immersed in Sherlock’s channel.
John got to his feet with some difficulty, then reached into his pocket for his cigarettes. The packet was empty for all but one. He held the final cigarette in his hand for a moment.
For the majority of my life, well, all of my life sans yesterday, I’ve never had that carnal desire. Of course I’ve felt aroused just like nearly every other human being, and I do enjoy the rush of endorphins I receive upon reaching orgasm, but that primal lust... that hunger for another person... that really is something else.
The ground between the Palace and St. James's Park had never been so empty. Knowing that the Queen was probably out of the country by now made this city feel all the more left. Left behind to succumb. Left to fall. The gate to the Wellington Barracks was guarded by two men in uniforms but they were not men that usually stood guard. They wore uniforms that took John less than a second to recognise. He had once worn them himself.
They cuddle in silence for a long while. Sherlock is very close to falling asleep. He is much closer to losing himself to whatever he feels for John Watson. He knows it is love. He’s not sure how much more it is, but it might just kill him one day. That might just be fine with him.
John swallowed this information like a heavy lump of coal. They were both waiting for him to go on and explain. Mrs Hudson sat down.
, John thought with a grimace. Despite all of this, despite the charming manipulations, the manners of an obnoxious know-it-all, the doubtfulness of lie and truth, the madness and danger of it all ... He was already starting to like him.
- because honestly, everyone should be! - and a few Panic! at the Disco songs, which I am only mentioning because the band (hah, "band" aka Brendon Urie) is amazing and you should check them out. Oh, and the quote on the gravestone is, of course, from Oscar Wilde.
John let out a sigh, having hoped the detective would pick up on the actual message behind his words. "Look," he tried again. "I've met people like you before."
She stepped closer still and laid out her hand, palm upwards, in front of him, meaning for him to take it. A soft smile graced her features again and blew away the cold air between them, but never the tension. "Would you be so kind as to escort me back to my workplace,
"You aren't getting competitive over this, are you? Look, the only reason Moriarty made this work, apparently, is because his methods are ferocious and unethical. This is not the mind of a scientist but that of a maniac."
Little drops of water are running down his smooth jawline (recently shaven) and Sherlock's eyes cannot help but follow one of them all the way down the muscular neck (pulse visible) until it disappears beneath the crook of neck and shoulder blades, nestles above his collarbone. John's skin is less tanned from his chest down, nipples slightly hard from the sudden change of temperature in this room in opposite to the steaming shower.
So the man, despite his apparently wide range of influence, had no idea what had happened to Sherlock. He didn't know any more than those who wrote the news. John felt himself lifting the thumb the man had him under. They were even.
He had seen so many dark places himself, he had started feeling that there was not one bit of him left now that would belong to a place that was not covered in shadows, in order for him to make sure that the sun could keep on shining. Not that he would consider himself a hero. He was just doing what he was good at, which was facing the darkness. His face was much too worn, now, to be cast in the light.
When John did not move, she threw him a glance over her shoulder. "You staying here won't do him any good, you know?"
John could see that it truly had not been that difficult for her to catch. Now he wished he wouldn't have asked.
He wants to never look down again. Because he can barely stand the whole universe above him, but he is absolutely on a loss when it comes to John Watson right here, right next to him. Sherlock knows that John is looking at him, instead of the events the sky would have to offer. He starts to feel insecure, slowly embarrassed, because he also knows how childish his expression must look like. His eyes wide, his mouth slightly open. He can't help himself.
John and Sherlock exchanged a frown. He did not buy Mycroft Holmes, the Heartless. Not after seeing him and his sad pair of steely eyes. Not after seeing Iceman break under the iceberg.
He was watching the blood for a while longer and Sherlock lingered right behind him. The thick liquid was throbbing lightly, and John almost thought it was adjusting to his own pulse. Sherlock bent down even lower and over him, his head now right above his shoulder like a second head, and they waited. He could feel his own heart skip a beat when Sherlock's hand reached out for the one that John had placed around the ocular tube, and as he held it to put it away, he stopped right there. His back was pressed to John's shoulders and he suddenly wished the back of the chair to disappear between them. John wondered if Sherlock had leaned in so close to feel his heartbeat through him, to feel a little more alive again.
, such a relief! It felt like something very heavy was lifted from his chest. He did not have to keep up these lifelong secret pretenses for this stranger! This feeling of relief came so unexpected that John felt lightheaded.
"And isn't that going to be … you know? A problem? With him believing me when he thinks you got abducted?"
John had never thought of himself as a contradictory being. Some had called him that, in the past, always a little taken aback by his choice to become a trained healer as well as a trained killer. But he was good at it. There had been a time where he had felt made for this. Being this man who was living his life on the battlefield, with nothing more than a pure survival instinct and the oath that he had sworn. Faithful in Adversity.
Mycroft seemed unimpressed. "It is already done. Ah, Inspector Lestrade. One last thing. Every officer of yours, everyone capable of holding a gun ... Ready them. They are needed."
John bites the insides of his mouth because his whole skin feels hot with disbelief and wonder and hope,
Sherlock caught up to walk next to him and they crossed the road. He had taken the two-sided hat from the back seat and pulled it down over his forehead. The cabman outfit fell uncommonly over his lean body. That thick brown coat and the old washed-out scarf didn't look like him at all. Which was exactly what Sherlock wanted.
Moriarty spoke of his generosity in the same way that John would speak of himself being a very foolish man if he was truly desperate. And he was desperate, too desperate, for something to finally
John is still not looking down. There is a reason for this, apparently, and he wouldn't have to wait long to open his cloudy mind up and give in to the things he should've seen sooner. "Look up."
"Of course I am a blackmailer." He said those words like they were a title. Like he was expecting a reward for it.
A little smile fell to the floor. "I'll leave you to it," she said quietly. Hoping the great Sherlock Holmes deduce this one for himself.
A parallel world? It sounds about as ridiculous to him than every other possibility he has not been able to rule out by now. Amnesia? Dreamlike, hyper realistic drug fantasy? John has lost his mind? Sherlock has lost his mind?
Sherlock wasn't looking at him, still staring at the door. "You couldn't have considered mentioning that you invited my dearest brother over for a little surprise party, could you?"
He swallows them down and hides them deep inside his mindpalace, in a room he'll hopefully never open. It hurts to lie to John, lie to himself. Tonight, everything seems to hurt. As if the stars did break his shield down, as if the ash of dying meteors had flown by to destroy an unbreakable fassade, until Sherlock Holmes is stripped down and ripped open. He shakes his head. Don't. Be. Ridiculous.
After the heat had cooled down and they all knew each other a bit better, the real plotting could finally begin. They were gathered around the table with Sherlock in the middle of it all, marking things on the map for them to remember.
"Doctor, do calm down," Sherlock said and grabbed him by the shoulders again. "I told you, remember? The Woman cannot be killed through something as simple as a bullet to the head. It took me six days alone to conclude which chemicals I'd have to put together to mix the potion that would at least so much as cauterise her skin!"
His abs are still clearly visible, although it is also clear that he isn't exercising anymore (most married men don't do that anymore, so he heard), his lower stomach indicates a little bit of pudge. Just below his navel grows a lightly golden line of hair, disappearing somewhere between his hipbones into the area only hidden by a white towel.
John. Sitting on his lap. Kissing him. Sherlock suddenly growls loudly into his mouth, and John responds with a deep, content sigh as he lets their lips slide against each other and sends tingles down Sherlock's body, downwards, downwards, before he playfully captures his bottom lip between his teeth and Sherlock is utterly done with. He does not quite get John's preference for his bottom lip, but he honestly couldn't care less, so he involuntarily moans again and his tongue slips into John's mouth as though it was meant to be there.
"Not even you could have survived being burnt down in your own living room," John murmured, yet way too relieved to shout at him for being so inattentive. He looked around. "What is all this?"
that she wasn't one of the inhuman. When the chance of spilling acid on her presented itself to me, I took it without a second thought. The achievement of hurting her is a rare one, and she deserved it."
John used the time in which he was once again invisible to take a closer look at Mrs Hudson. She did not appear to be quite herself. He walked over to her and sat down.
"Alright," he said, taking one slice of bread from the basket. He could not remember the last time he had eaten that much food – or even the last time he had eaten anything at all! But the next time he spoke he tried to do so before taking the next bite, not wanting Sherlock to mock him for his manners. On the other hand, Sherlock and manners...
Always more than sheer amazement. And between the two of them it will always be so much more than sex.
John cocked his head to the left and to the right, loosening the muscles in his stiff neck, and took a deep breath.
He wants John. He wants John in every sense of this word. All his life he has never understood that there could be something he would really want with every cell of his body, so much it physically pains him. Never has he searched for it, never has he believed.
Mary stepped right into his personal space, her act replaced by a sheer and frightening severity that made John almost back away. Her eyes resembled those of an animal focusing on its pray.
"Execution," she said plainly, and there was no way this statement could be regarded acceptable while she was looking at him all languidly and a bit joyous.
Of course, John couldn't tell her that his mood was actually only improving with the help of this one undead detective who was also a genius, and yes, also partially a cyborg these days, and that it had little to do with the tedious work in the clinic. Instead he simply claimed to have moved on, whereupon Sarah told him that the lady must be a lucky woman. That was when John began to think that perhaps he was being a bit too obvious.
He opened his teary eyes to see Moran on the ground with him, his face all red and eyes wide open. A huge, green snake had crawled up and around his neck and the legless animal, with all its strength and thick form, pressed the air out of his lungs. John was still too dizzy to feel anything, but when he came back to himself, he realised Moran was trying to reach the gun that lay an arm's length away. Before he could take it from him, the shot fell, piercing through the reptile's skin. It went limp in silent pain and Moran breathed.
"I have known a good man. My previous commander. One day, he lost everyone. No knight of his troop survived but him. Because of one small mistake, because of one wrong decision he made. It has left him with more than just scars, and he was never the same. So maybe now you understand-"
He took a moment, and John understood. He opened his mouth to take a breath of courage. John would have given him all the time he needed. Then the door flew open.
"Her Majesty's knighthood is currently doing its best to prevent as many of them from breaking through the wall as they can. Dr Watson, I understand you were a part of the Order not long ago."
John was the first to look away again, and he forced himself to focus on his food. "This does make you a little bit human, you know?" he said, trying to make it sound incidental, while shoving some pasta around on his plate.
"Pests?" John breathed, but Sherlock did what he had already learned he could do best. He ignored him, and continued voicing his thoughts out loud in double time.
Mrs Hudson cocked her head at him as there was a question forming in her eyes. "You really don't, do you?"
John's face changed to adjust to the softness of his smile, the skin crinkled around his blue eyes. (Sherlock loves those wrinkles. It feels like he always has. Just noticed it too late.) He could read the story of someone else's whole life within a few seconds, and yet he couldn't even read himself, or what is going on in his heart. Has been going on for so long, probably. But now he could see. Could see it so clearly and literally in front of him that, for only a moment, he was feeling like this epiphany had given him the ability to fly. The moment was over too soon for him to try it out, but if anything it had made him bolder.
The gravestone was cold to his touch. He had visited several cemeteries and never had he liked it. They had always filled him with a feeling of unsettlement, a reminder that death was everywhere. But he liked this gravestone. It was solid, had its curves and its edges. It had its imperfections. And a lovely inscription. He and the General had chosen it together.
Mrs Hudson gave a quick laugh, but John could not place it. Had he mispronounced the name and she was mocking him for it? Or had something else shown on his face?
I know this might not have been what you expected to happen in this chapter, but I promise that in the next one Sherlock will finally be filled... with... eternal happiness.... (and John).
when John takes charge, in fact, is utterly turned on whenever he does so. It is a weapon John has learned to put to use. He was, after all, Captain John Watson, served in the army for Queen and Country, and Sherlock is
John jumped at hearing another voice just out of the blue. Pressing himself against the bars, he tried to make out who it was that had spoken to him. At first, he didn't see anything. Then a strange figure appeared on the other side, head long and mostly bold, lanky stature and put in a dirty suit that suggested he was here for some time already. He took one hand out of his trouser pocket to adjust the glasses on his nose.
"It might sound mad in retrospect but I assure you, he wasn't always the madman we know today. He was a fellow student of mine. Driven by jealousy and frustration as he was, I did not see the danger in him. I saw an equal. A rival worthy of my own capacities. It goes without saying that... I was wrong."
She continued, "I knew he was stealing books from me. At this point, I was already too dependent on him to do anything against it. I never knew for certain what books he took, and it wasn't my place to confront him about it, though I had my suspicions, of course. Most of those books I would not even touch myself. Black magic is a complex form of power. Think of it as the element of fire; it is not to be tamed and not to be owned. Due to knowledge and practice, you might be able to spray the sparks and choose where to set the flame, but once you let it go, you have no control over where it burns. Nor how far it will spread and what will be reduced to ashes in the process.
He took the mug from John's hands before he could even think of protesting. With Sherlock not sitting opposite him in the armchair anymore, he seemed to notice the large window behind the chair for the first time now. All of a sudden, he startled.
When they lead him the way, John shot one last glance in the direction of the woman, or The Woman, whose eyes were following them like that of a hungry lion.
Sherlock's hand stroke over John's own until he could finally remember how to breathe. His next breath felt like it filled a new pair of lungs. Sherlock had asked him if he smoked, but this, right here, was a drug filling his nostrils. They both watched as John's hand disappeared in Sherlock's tailcoat, holding onto his waist tightly, strongly. Sherlock put his own hand to John's shoulder, and their gazes rose in sync. John's was pinned to the long, marble-white neck in front of him for one second, two seconds, and then ... The blue sea met the blue sky.
How he managed not to choke on his own monologue would have been a mystery to John if there had been something else on his mind except for
For a moment, John thought Sherlock had not heard him, for he was not looking at him. His eyes wouldn't leave John, and when they finally did, he was stripped of everything.
"I wonder what might be running through your clever head that prevents you from walking around and telling everyone what they're doing wrong."
He pulls out again, so cautiously this time, and turns him around. His limbs are noticeably grateful about the change of position, as well as his back. And then it happens. He dares to open his eyes. The room is dark, but not dark enough to for their vision to fail. Not dark enough to not see each other. So when Sherlock sees John, it takes his breath away. No, he actually things he might die from it.
He let the gun sink abruptly, but he didn't know how to feel. Seeing him again made his heart pound harder in his chest, made something bloom around his core. He thought he might have lost him. But at the same time, he felt shame. He felt like a disappointment. He should have protected him, he should have brought him to safety. All of him.
It was rare to see or hear of James Moriarty or his six foot plus sized pet Moran. Mary he saw once in a while, mostly to check on her foot or when she was dancing. There was something undeniably fascinating about the way she moved as if in ecstasy and how she would jump through the air, crawl over the floorboards, throw back her head. Her performance had something so distinctively dangerous to it. She felt intimidating if you did not watch her. Made you wonder what she would do if you looked away. She was just so hard to define. John did not trust her one bit.
Steps and voices were following, one of them the loudest and most irritated, echoing stone walls. Yes, it was Anderson's.
"It has already begun to affect you. In order to understand her, you will have to understand this: What you have done today, Doctor, was astonishing."
John's brain rattled. Having heard the story a second time, far less detailed and personal than before, still unraveled more questions than it answered.
John feels his heart swell at the odd sweetness of what he has just heard, feeling flattered and suddenly oddly turned on at the same time. It’s a mixture he can learn to get used to rather quickly. "Oh,
With the sudden movements of a wild animal, James Moriarty's head turned quickly, his eyes scanning the room.
There was no desire to toast to anything in Sherlock. John looked over his shoulder to watch him for a minute before his eyes fell back upon his own hand holding the glass. He felt as though a whole yesterday was in that glass and he was just outside of it.
"You said 'later'," he explained in quiet tones, handling everything that was said on this table like a precious secret between them.
John saw James Sholto before him again. It happened to him from time to time, just out of the blue. The blue, blue sorrow that spread over his lungs and made it hard to breathe.
"I'm counting on your Almost Impossibles then." Sherlock put a hand to John's shoulder again. He felt a strangely warm sensation through his clothes, a glowing that led to his very core. “We will meet again in two days in the morning, same place, and fill in the details. I need some time to think. Thank you all for your attendance, that would be it.”
Sherlock was frowning at Anderson, who immediately raised his hands in defence. John was looking at Wiggins. But he would not say a word, and neither would John.
"Sherlock, listen to me! I know this is difficult for you. I know it is my fault that it is difficult. But I was wrong."
He does. Sherlock looks at him, reacts when John calls his name, and there is this pure seriousness in John's gaze that is like steel, but only if steel can be liquid and warm. Warm, hot, liquid steel, and he means it. And he wants it. And that is just too much for Sherlock. So he has to kiss him right now.
He did not realise how close they had come. It felt too natural to be questioned. Like a pair of magnets. Their faces were mere inches apart, their chests were almost touching. John's hidden dogtag, one source of his misery, a reminder never to love like this again, could have touched the place of Sherlock's missing heart. John was the first to tilt his head ever so slightly.
side of him. He knows it has always been there, but to see the detective display his emotions almost without any protest - on the surface - is still a bit unusual, if not overwhelming at times. Now is a time to be overwhelmed a little, not for John but for Sherlock instead. He doesn't want to have this conversation. Yet, he so very much wants to make it clear to John that it is not his fault. That it never was and never would be. That, in fact, it always was Sherlock, because Sherlock is useless and imperfect and he makes too many
Sherlock Holmes. The one made from flesh and blood, the one with his heart shining red from where it was still safely stored away behind his ribcage. And then beneath him, dying, was Sherlock Holmes. The one made from metal and cogs and mechanics. The one who could make his hands into weapons and remove his limbs and organs at will. They appeared to be so interchangeable at first glance but John knew better. So, so much better. Only one of them he knew, had fought for, had fallen for on multiple levels that life allowed.
Large, cold fingers closed around John's. Sherlock squeezed his hand almost painfully tight, and he heard himself gasp. Sherlock gave him no chance to think. With one last gaze over his shoulder, he turned to the window.
His eyes snap open again when the warmth is suddenly gone, and John is standing in the living room to collect his jacket and put on a pair of shoes. He comes back immediately, though, when he catches something confused and desperate in Sherlock's expression – a mixture that could look rather sad when applied to his face that consists of eyes too blue and weary and lips too pink and cheeks too flushed this morning.
John woke up nearly gasping out loud. He never noticed how his body reacted to those scenarios, not until he took in his surroundings – the blanket suddenly abandoned on the floor, or his own position on the bed suddenly being horizontal rather than vertical. Sometimes, he would wake up with scratches on his arms or torso.
This became so much more than a battlefield. Out there John had always known a soldier from an enemy. But in here? What was right, what was wrong? He shot at sharp teeth and skin as white as snow. Sherlock and John became a unit on instinct, solid rocks in a storm, while their enemies were a swarm, bloodthirsty as starved lions. It was horrible to see them falling from the rooftop, to watch their human claws cling onto colourful dresses and black suits to rip them open in search for skin to sink their teeth into. Vicious mouths that were constantly smiling, glaring eyes, rushing and grasping, while bullet for bullet met their undead flesh. One big man ran past John, eyes wide with panic, and he could only jump back in time to not go down with him and his pursuer. He put a bullet in the vampyre's skull when his left ear was suddenly numb with white noise. Sherlock had fired a shot over his shoulder and another monster dropped dead.
"John," he mumbles, trying to keep his voice from breaking, "I need you. I need you to know that I need you."
The other half of the ride was spent in silence. The hooves hit the streets in a rhythm pattern as John urged Silverblaze to hurry until Moriarty told them where to stop. They arrived at an old graveyard and bound their horses to the fence.
John wanted to put a hand on his pistol, but he refused to give in to the urge as he watched and waited for her to reach Sherlock and face him. She was the one who helped him escape. Who first plotted with Sherlock Holmes against Moriarty. Beneath whose walls it had all begun for him.
John did not look back. He didn't have to. His eyes were blind, and before him, he saw the past. One thought reached him distantly, and it was that without Sherlock's steady hand he would have collapsed then and there.
Kitty spoke again. "Well, then her best is just not good enough. You, of all people, know very well what will happen if-“ But then she held her tongue.
The twinge of hot guilt sends another wave through his stomach and across his face. Of course, Sherlock cannot cease to notice.
Sherlock thinks about it in the most rational way he can. He is very serious when he says, “If risking my life leads to this right here, to you and me, I might just consider it.”
They had lost everything. No matter the outcome, the loss was certain. Eurus was triumphantly stepping on her brother's throat with her foot. Moriarty was lying to her feet. He tried to reach for Moran. But Moran, dead and empty behind his eyes, was facing the other way. And somehow, that made Moriarty's eyes just as empty. There was no energy of him around. No aura. No more will to live. No family. John saw himself in Moriarty's place, saw through his eyes across the battleground, past the piling bodies, a dead Sherlock Holmes. Heard in the distance no noise but that of fire, comfortably burning away homes and feeling nothing of the heat. Only cold, cold death's grip. And somehow, he did not want him to die like this.
He let himself be led out of the office, then out of the building and into a hansom cab next to Bill Wiggins.
"Someone like Sherlock Holmes," she continued as she came closer, "doesn't just disappear and get himself killed. We could've known better than that."
"John, why-" he finds himself trying to gasp out, but it is dull and broken off by another sob and the fact that his face is pressed into John's shoulder.
Sherlock turned. For what seemed like the first time this evening John saw his blue eyes on him, lighter through the two holes in the white mask. "I think he's looking for a lonely man. But that is not what I am."
Molly shoved Moriarty in front of them. He got to lead the way but she got to hold the gun to his head. They walked in between the many gravestones and crosses, some decorated with fresh flowers, others forgotten entirely. John briefly wondered how many more bodies would join those already lying under the ground by the end of the week. At one big quarter of a stone, Moriarty stopped and they with him. The engraving read only a name in capital letters, and Sherlock could not believe his eyes. With his jaw dropped, he looked, one last time, at James Moriarty, speechless. Moriarty caught his eyes.
Sherlock tilted his head in curiosity and walked over to him. John took his one hand and then his other in his hands and squeezed. This face, Sherlock thought as he looked directly into ocean blue eyes, was that of a man who loved honestly, unconditionally. Still not believing he could truly have this, deserve this, he knew the least he could do was the same and more.
But did he say sorry? No, this is all wrong! John has nothing to feel sorry for, it's all Sherlock's fault. And yes, he admits it. Because he has to, and because it's the truth. Running through London in the middle of the night, taking John with him and get absolutely nothing out of it, because he
He cannot make a wish. He does not want to make a wish, he would throw away his thousand wishes, because the one thing he really wants will never come true. Sherlock looks like a broken man. A broken man left alone in a dark alley. Beneath heaven's tent, shooting stars, next to the man he loves. He stares at him in a way a widow would look at her dead husband's coffin at a funeral, he looks as though John Watson had died right in front of him, in the middle of this beautiful night, and it is the most tragic, heartbreaking, metaphorical portray of the mess Sherlock has become.
John cleaned the wound with woollen cloth and a chemical solution he had pulled out of his medical bag next to his hat. She hissed as he tried to gently pat the burned off skin, but she held herself back from retreating.
“Yeah,” John whispers roughly, so rough and so low he could hurt himself on that sandpaper voice. “You’re still a fucking posh boy.”
He would have given this up. All of this. And he has. He knows now that John's decision to get married is none of his concern, and that a friend would help out as best as he could. His casewall had last been abused for sorting out seating arrangements and choices of food.
Sherlock pulled him by the hand and shot one last glance into the room, which was now completely invaded by this wild cluster. They were running towards the window full speed ahead. Somewhere in the back of his head a small voice tried to tell him that this was the point of no turning back. They had to break through, they had to jump. He didn't think about it. He didn't try to think anything because he knew that if he dared to think about it, he would stop, hesitate, and this would be the end.
They settled further into the back of the pub near the window. John had finished his drink already, and they were both drinking Porters now, sitting opposite each other as the sun was going down outside.
Sherlock pants audibly and feels instinctively drawn to run his hands through this short, silver hair he admired so much before. Then he stops for a second, dangerously close to coming to his senses.
He walked towards him, graceful like he was walking down the aisle. Like he could have him. Like he was deciding to stay this time.
"Come on, Kitty," Jane soothed her, "It is all going to be fine. He won't tear off our skin for these unfortunate events. None of this is our fault."
Sherlock Holmes had worked with the police. It could only be the big cases, the most brutal and bizarre cases, that had made him so famous a detective for being the only one who could solve them.
"I will explain everything. It is a lot to ask, I understand, but I will still ask you to trust me."
"When I say jump, jump!" Sherlock whispered into his ear as if he was afraid to be overheard. John winced at how close his voice was, but there was no time to wonder.
At a moment's notice he pulls his fingers out too hastily, causing Sherlock to let out a sharp hiss as the burning returns.
John couldn't help but jump once, feeling somewhat caught in the act, as he heard the voice of Mrs Hudson behind him, and shortly after the door through which they had exited fell closed.
The elder Holmes pushed his chair back and stood tall behind his table. He reached down for the glass of brown liquor and began pouring himself two fingers of it. "I'm afraid we have not been able to find enough evidence to come to either of the definite conclusions. Any...
"Only just back from whatever dark hole you jumped into again, and already back to mistreating yourself. Have you eaten anything today?"
." He exhales, pausing for a moment. His brave, brave John. "I was in a pretty bad place, as you know. I moved out of Baker Street and all, and after several months without any contact to … well, basically anyone or anything that would remind me of what happened, Greg offered to drop by my new flat and, you know, give me some things of yours. I think that, even back then, he knew. That's why it felt right to him that I should have your things. It wasn't very personal, some things from cases and all, but then, I guess that's what it made it so damn personal. There was a bit of us in this box, and- wow, I sound pretty silly now, don't I?"
, I promise. But do not even think of leaving, now that you have already convinced me of your qualities as a
"There is a weakness with him, however. Moriarty's plan and his … sluggishness as a scientist, if you will, has its own price. It is a requirement to everything he is and needs, and thus, something we can use to prevent this evil plot from happening."
He wants to see John naked, he wants it so badly. How often has he imagined what he would look like? His broad shoulders, his biceps, the fine hairs on his chest. Does he have pink nipples? His little tummy that fits him perfectly.
. He doesn’t even know what it is about that one in particular, but he finds that to be the worst. For his sexual frustration, that is. Every time it comes up in his head, which is more and more often, it fuels his imagination vividly. So much that it has even made it to his bedroom and he has dreams, half-asleep, half-awake, about teaching posh boy a lesson, getting posh boy a little dirty, treating posh boy a little rough. These are all terrible thoughts. Because they will stay just as imaginary and sexually frustrating. Posh boy won’t love him back, after all.
It would always start so innocently. From the moment you caught yourself laughing off the inner tension and sharing it with someone else, exchanging honest smiles more and more often. The soft, lively fondness that gleamed in their eyes, should you only caught their glance at the right time. This was special, this was irreplaceable. A moment never found anywhere else in the world. But a comrade could die in a heartbeat. You swore to yourself you wouldn't take your eyes off them, you would have their back, but when you turn around they would be gone. It didn't matter then, that you didn't know their stories, their backgrounds. It hurt, and should you learn about them afterwards from families and friends at their funeral or from letters that spoke of tragic loss, it only ever fed the pain.
If he had wanted to tease Sherlock because of his big mouth and no trousers (although in this case not quite true yet), it wouldn't have worked out well. Although he is rather looking at him as if to say '
"I did. And I was close to finding a way for him, but he – James Moriarty..." Her gaze kept wandering off into the distance like her mind had gone blank for a second. Her eyes locked with his again. "I am not as naive and fragile as you may think."
“In my defence-” Sherlock starts, but is interrupted by John raising a finger, ordering him to shut the hell up.
John nodded again. It had just hit him how mad the story sounded. A crow, a Moriarty spy, a sudden chase through a gallery. But Sherlock and him had seen far crazier things. He seemed to believe him. That did not change the fact that John was losing his head a little, and then it all came out at once.
Sherlock tries to keep him from apologising. "No. No." But yes. This. This here is wrong. Why now? Why him? Why does John pretend he would know what is going on? Why does he take his fragile little heart in his hands if he doesn't plan to keep on holding it upright? He cannot take another fall.
With a neigh, the snout of a horse broke the fog and General Midnight swung her cleaver with an air of vengeance. More knights riding on horses followed her lead and cleared the scene. Heads fell and the dark blood painted the fur of the horses. She raised her heavy steel and slaughtered a creature before it could jump on Sherlock's back and her horse lunged out to kick another in the guts.
Sherlock clapped his hands to finish off this scene and begin a new one in which he was in control of the room and everybody listened to him. "Well then. Now that that's settled, shall we begin?"
"Exactly. You are you. You're John Watson. You’re the bravest and wisest and kindest human being I have ever met. It was always going to be you." He closed his eyes, ready. "Do it gently."
With the loud clutching sound of metal against metal, the iron hooked into one of the rusty bars, provoking a scraping noise that made John's hairs stand on end. Magnussen braced himself and then, with a strength that didn't fit the lanky, scrawny stature of the man at all, he pulled. The whole grid gave a loud crack. He pulled once more, and that was all it took. The bars gave in and broke from their mounting in the fragile stone wall. So John's first impression had been correct. This was nothing he could not have done with a few precise kicks, had he only known the weak spots. Magnussen had clearly known them. The bloody bastard.
"But tonight, my dear," John added and fluttered his eyelashes at him, "I'll take you out on that opera date that I promised you." On their last night out they had visited St James's Hall together and my
, his finger slides in, lubed up and slowly pushing, but it still creates a burning sensation he cannot resist to crave – the more it is never enough.
Just as he had reached the last of seventeen stairs, the music slowly died out on a single note, ending it beautifully. He wasn't sure if he should knock. He did it anyway, and then pressed the door open with caution, opening for his eyes to take in the large living space. The room was illuminated by two high windows, almost touching floor and ceiling both, and from one of them he saw him retreating, putting the violin down on one of the two armchairs that stood in front of an unlit fireplace like old companions. There was a sofa on the other side of the wall, and a small table in front on which a chaotic pile of various newspapers and open letters had been created. A while ago, too, it seemed, for there was already a fine layer of dust on top.
John puts his tongue where his fingers have just been, and all fears are forgotten for the moment as quivering lust returns and cannot be let out of his body by the deep groan that escapes Sherlock's throat. He should know. He has tried often enough. The lust won't leave him. (Maybe John won't leave him either.)
They continued to sit in their armchairs and talk for hours into the night. Sherlock had lit up the fire in the chimney between them and it warmed John's feet and bathed the room in soft light. It defined Sherlock's features in a way that reminded him of when he had first met him, ruffled hair and angularly lit, not even twelve hours ago. It already felt like half a lifetime had passed.
John Watson, the one with great potential and a future that did not look like a tedious tragedy. John really wished he could see that, too, could feel like that again and be naive and young. But most unfortunately, he knew he was not
, had he needed a moment like this to lift some of the tension that he was carrying with him for far too long.
John stepped into the kitchen with reluctance and tried to smoothen his short hair by running his hand over it. "Wait," he said when Sherlock was already by the door and took his coat from the hook. "I'm not even dressed!"
"You are not a freelancer, are you?" the man asked, and jolted him out of his thoughts. John was starting to get more and more uncomfortable with the odd curiosity of him. "No," he continued, answering his own question, "No, not with that pretty uniform of yours..."
Body is betraying him, he realises whenever he shifts in his chair, and the material of his fine trousers has more and more trouble hiding the bulge that is undoubtedly straining against them.
Blood pressed through their intertwined fingers as John tried to stop the bleeding with him. James was choking and coughing sprinkles of red. His body was jerking uncontrollably. He still held onto the necklace around John’s neck and had again the audacity to smile. John cursed himself for not returning it but he could not, just could not bring his face to betray the depths of sadness he was drowning in. James dropped the hand keeping him from bleeding out and the floor embraced the flow as it pooled around him.
"Absolutely not." He shook his head. "There is no control over all the innocent lives it will cost us to have a battle of two fronts play out in a capital that does not belong either of them."
They both turned to the door in surprise, and John smirked – actually smirked! – when he saw Bill Wiggins standing in the door frame. He had no idea why or how, but right now he only had to know one thing. Turning back to look at him, he saw the previously so intimidating man covering his face with the palm of his hand as if utterly done with the world.
as he comes and comes and shakes violently, open-mouthed, the sparks in front of his eyes and prickling through him from the inside out.
Or the machine could just as well pretend to be Sherlock Holmes while the real one was some six feet under at this very moment.
But before John starts, he takes a deep breath. Sherlock knows why. He knows what he is asking of him, and he wouldn't ever do so if he didn't think it absolutely necessary. He needs to hear it, and he needs to hear of from
He hears himself letting out an embarrassing little sound from the back of his throat when John places a kiss on his backbone. Another kiss, lower. His thumbs are now actively sliding in and out between his cheeks, pulling them apart again and again. Sherlock gasps when he feels the tip of a tongue licking along the crack of his arse, licking and licking, closer to his entrance. When John's wet tongue reaches the spot where all his nerves come together, pleasure rushes through him like lightning. He throws his head back and lets out a moan the thin walls couldn't sustain. In the end, he surrenders and lets his head fall onto the mattress, pressing his cheek into his pillow because suddenly his limbs are weak, so weak.
"Alright, enough of this now," Sherlock announced while everyone was still more or less staring. "There are more serious matters at hand, we mustn't dwell on such trivia now."
"Doctor Watson and I have solved you a case today, Lestrade. Don't you think that is quite enough to be going on with for now?"
"Because you," he sighed, "you cannot bleed because … you're a cyborg." John tried to get up and off the detective beneath him to get out of this
– up to the flexing muscles of his upper arms, and there, on the left shoulder – crushed skin, marked by the wound that has brought him into his life. It raked around his skin as far as it would come, creating the form of something reminding him of a star. Sherlock could only describe it as beautiful.
John swallowed as he tried to keep his body from enduring yet another shiver. There was something so wrong and so weird about this situation that he was torn between preparing himself for a fight and turning around, getting back on the train and escaping from this city and his responsibilities altogether. He reached for his suitcase blindly to finally flee the scene.
He hugs Sherlock tighter, and the atmosphere switches from steamy to sensual, but it's nice. Sherlock feels warm and protected and
. To make a wish. He doesn't know yet, could gladly put it away, along with a chuckle, actually. It's a joke. As long as he does not realise that it isn't. Sherlock starts to see it now, and the innocent chuckle dies in his throat.
John takes one of his hands and brings it to his mouth. The way he looks at him, almost pitiful. Sherlock wants to hate it. "Where are you right now?"
knighthood you served in, at least not during the last six to seven years. You fought in a real war."
"I observed that you haven't eaten for several hours, not, in fact, since our breakfast this morning, otherwise it would show on your-"
The taller man bid him to follow. The saloon was just as dark as before, and his eyes struggled at first to see in the dim light. All the empty chairs were only underlining the size, the power of it all. But there was one person he knew.
Kate was standing in front of the bed, desperately trying to cover her naked body with the bedclothes she was holding in front of her chest. "What the devil is going on?" she cried, but none of them had the time to answer. The spiders were already here, rushing through the open door in a swarm, crawling to get to them from all sides, climbing up the wallpaper, the ceiling, the floor. All they could do was stare in shock, but Sherlock's gaze was the first turn its attention to John again.
"Jesus..." John shook his head. He saw from the corner of his eye how Sherlock bit his lip over his reaction. They were watching each other. Too afraid to disappoint.
. This last bit is the cut video message that he already knows. He remembers the first time he saw this and thought that,
John had taken his hand to lead him through the living room and the hallway of Sherlock's bedroom. As soon as he closed the door behind them with his foot, Sherlock was spun around and pressed against the wood, could feel the doorhandle pressing into his side and not caring in the slightest. He moaned into John's mouth as he kissed him with parted lips and a tongue as addictive as honey, making his world slow down like the golden liquid dripping from a spoon.
he know now? Irene's explanation about his bag had been absolutely plausible to him. Ridiculing, even, for he had not thought of it himself.
He blindly reaches for John's face and presses their mouths together roughly, not quite meeting his lips, but he simply goes with it, kissing the corner of his mouth, his chin, the stubble on his cheeks, every now and then he has to stop for breathing and sighing loudly. He is blinded, absolutely blinded, just rolling his hips, pressing himself upwards, his eyes closed and his own mouth hanging open.
John lets his arms fall down on the armrests of his chair, sounding exhausted. "Well, yeah, I sorta realised that this is not how it’s supposed to look like, Sherlock, I have eyes!"
"Listen, young man," she said in the warning tone of a concerned mother, placing the tray on top of the pile of books on the kitchen table. John took a look outside. How was it that this day had passed by so quickly?
He had not much time to think about how this sounded disturbingly close to a threat. He waited then, for one of his two opponents to speak again, and while he did so there was an uncomfortable tension lingering between them, with eyes roaming and mouths grinning.
"This is Ms Irene Adler," Mrs Hudson introduced needlessly, "It is always a highlight when she dances for us."
She spoke in soft tones, but her voice was off. A layer of a second, a lower voice had embraced her throat and made it sound like two or three people speaking at once. The result was a creepy choir of sing-sang quiet, very quiet chanting.
, he hopes. But the scent. Masculine and somehow incredibly sweet, something too holy to lick off him, but he would try. He wouldn't even hesitate and try and lick and taste. Everywhere.
"Oh, don't let your face paint such sourness, Doctor. I will admit I haven't fully understood either how I can possibly be alive at this point. You may have noticed my surprise at what I could do with this new form of transport. What I can still learn, what I can
One woman in particular was gaping and seemed to be in some sort of shock once she had lain eyes on who had entered. She had gingerbread-coloured hair that was braided and curled into two buns on each side of her head, and her cheeks were oh-so-slightly pink in contrast to her pale skin. John also didn't miss the holster on her belt and the little revolver it carried.
and when Tessa appeared, they only complemented each other's moves so gorgeously. Eventually, he realised Mary was still looking at him and turned his head in her direction. She looked much more entertained by his face rather than the actual show. In her defense, she had to have seen this a hundred times already.
John thought (for only a second) of making a joke about how Sherlock could give him his mouth as well, and that he would probably go mad without it, but then he thought of his own fingers touching those soft, pink lips and suddenly the joke wasn't funny anymore.
But as much as John liked their brunch dates, he was glad to be back in safe and warm 221B, having it be just the two of them. It was almost time for a round of afternoon tea. But first, there was something else he craved a little more. Standing in the middle of their living room, with the curtains drawn wide open before the large windows, he smiled at Sherlock from across the room and held out his hand.
"Town. I need to fetch some stuff. I cannot tolerate walking around like this anymore," he pointed to his dirty, now also ripped, trousers and the shirt that had been white once, but was now covered in brown and red stains, "People might be rather dim, generally speaking, but some will get suspicious. Also, I believe there are squished berries in places where squished berries truly do not belong."
Offence now very visibly taken. "You don't believe me?" He lets out a groan as if in pain when John isn’t answering, then starts off to explain himself with an insult. "Really, sometimes I don’t know why some of you people were given a brain if you’re not planning on using it. Sister, John! It was obvious as soon as he started to mention his ex-girlfriend. He was convinced his sister was avoiding them every time he had her over because they don’t get along. He said those were the only other times when he didn't see much of his sister for a long time before her disappearance, completely missing the obvious here, of course. He sees less and less of his sister for the time he’s in a relationship, then after the ex dumps him it's only a matter of days that it takes for his sister to be ‘missing’? She and his ex weren’t avoiding each other because they didn’t get along. They did so because they couldn’t stand their feelings for each other with him clearly standing in their way. Now that he is not an obstacle anymore, they have started an affair, possibly even before, and she is afraid of how he will react to that, so she is hiding at his ex’s and now her girlfriend's place to flee from her responsibilities. Solved."
People adjusted quickly when there was music in the room. Soon the whole room began to move as pairs found and held each other to dance. Suddenly, John and Sherlock were once again standing in the way, still and awkwardly in the middle of spinning long dresses and laughter. Sherlock looked as if he wanted to say something, but behind him John heard something else.
Janine got up with an air of elegance, of a dancer, swirling around her. "Greg said you called for us. Did you not?"
He could swear Sherlock's face shifted into something softer at this, something a little too proud to appear shy. Something in between those two things.
Yes, it's too much, he decides, and led by a sudden impulse he surprises John by pushing himself up, and where John has just straddled his hips, he is now sitting on Sherlock's lap. They utter the most indecent noises as Sherlock's hot cock, swollen and sensitive from arousal, pushes against the underside of John's testicles and perineum, but Sherlock swallows the sound of it down with a wet kiss. They push and pull, on hair, on clothing, take their faces in hands with so much eagerness that their teeth collide sometimes. None of them minds.
Sherlock is sitting on the toilet lid in silence while John kneels in front of him, carefully disinfecting the wound on his cheek. It's not easy. None of this is. But ignoring it would be worse than just acknowledging it as it is. Treating him now, as a doctor as well as a friend, is the very least he can do.
, when suddenly John appears right in front of him again. He grins down at him in mockery pride, and this face is still able to surprise Sherlock, almost as much as does the strong, deeply-settled look of affection in his eyes. "Look at you," he mumbles, just as Sherlock's Adam's apple bobs and his voice is yet again sandpaper. "Just say you want me to take you to bed now, Sherlock, and maybe I can still hold myself back for more than two seconds."
John's gaze followed the girl and her parents for a while before his eyes travelled around the station, watching. Crowds filled with women and men, in dresses and suits, enfolding their loved ones in their arms with a desperation and relief that was written across their whole appearances. John could only feel a dull ache in his chest. Sometimes, he wished he could feel something like this again. Love. Longing. Anything that could make him feel as if he was living an actual life with meaning and purpose. But his last wish had exposed itself as a lie, not having been his last wish at all, and now … now he was staring into the void.
"The soul is in itself nothing more than a densely compressed bundle of energy. You see now why, if Moriarty has found a way to transfer a soul into a lifeless body, he will have no trouble controlling one from its core."
"Supporting me will just be enough, thank you," she said as she placed her arm on his good shoulder.
He raised his voice so loudly and so suddenly that John flinched at the impact that the vibration in those tones and how they echoed behind his own chest.
John was so thankful for Molly Hooper right now. She was calming the room like the only steady rock in a raging storm, and John found himself holding onto it like a drowning man.
Finally, Sherlock stood still again and tried very obviously to look as though he had not just mildly panicked for a second or two because he feared John would judge him for his habits. It was rather endearing, to be honest, and he let out a chuckle under a huff. "No, it's- it's fine. I was only wondering … Can you even drink tea?"
"Good evening to you too," John shouted back at the one walking towards them. Then he raised his Sig and fired a bullet right between their eyes. This finally drew everyone else's attention. They cursed and hissed at them before running for it. John shot another bullet and missed. His opponent took the opportunity to keep running and jumped right on him, but John had already taken out his sword which pierced through the vamp as it landed. He got up just in time to meet the rifle's barrel with his blade. A bullet flew over his shoulder. The crashing noise of the gun firing next to his ear felt like it had hit him regardless, inserting a loud whistle that resonated in his skull.
John nodded in silent acknowledgement. The past was the past. He himself needed to learn this once more now. The past is much more than a fragment of ourselves but sometimes it had to be left behind in order to see a future.
"So Lestrade, Donovan and their lot of the police will investigate all the crimes recently reported around London. We know Moriarty has a tendency to not leave his victims in one piece, and he might not always need to whole body to modify them for his purposes. Even just the brain could be enough. Any findings even remotely recognisable as human shall be brought to Ms Hooper for detailed inspections."
, universes and the sun is there and the moon is there. John is there. John is not up there, he is down here with him, but he could be. John could be up there, could be his whole universe. The only solar system he has ever cared for: John Watson - a whole different universe in itself. How can he be like this? How can anyone stand him without feeling like John was swallowing them whole?
"Life is as full of contradictions as it is of similarities. And besides," Sherlock raised a brow and one corner of his mouth. "One doesn't have to be stupid and draw attention by standing around. But one should certainly be allowed to be fashionable."
In the short amount of time that it took John to blink the lady had sprinted towards them, and was now wrapping her arms around Sherlock's neck with such force that they almost fell over.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but nodded. Many things had ceased to make sense these days, so why shouldn't his language?
. John's fist clenched instinctively when he heard people talking about Sherlock like this. He could not help it. But Sherlock, despite all the odds, smiled back at the man. A fake one, by all means, but still a smile.
He hasn't realised his eyelids are pressed together before he opens them again, called back to Earth by John's soft words.
It was the silence that startled him the most. He did not know what else he had expected, but somehow the sudden dominance of cold air and quiet surprised him. His nerves were on edge. The light in his hand flickered over the room with care, as if not to disturb the stones. He took a few slow steps into the room and gave it a once-over. Not much to be seen here. Opposite him, at the end of the room, a large shelf was facing him. It was filled with vessels, conical flasks, tumblers and jars.
All the fear and all the concern about his future and his past seems to be gone now, on vacation for the first time in over thirty years, leaving behind a man with a glowing core of desire filling him up, ever spreading like flames following the trace of spilled petrol.
Sherlock's eyes dropped as his lips formed a sad smile. He watched those full lips for far too long before Sherlock bit his bottom lip, and before he knew it, the intensity of his eyes struck him again.
The louder he is, the more it turns Sherlock on, regrowing arousal making him moan. It hits him like the head of John's cock hits the back of his mouth that he is really in his
Moriarty was smiling proudly, like a dictator watching his army expand. He didn't understand what he was saying because he wasn't listening, was too focused on his own thoughts and how that smile was making his hairs stand on end. He tried to spot Mary amongst the staff around them, but there was no sign of her.
"You know why I'm asking," he said to Sherlock as he came back from the kitchen. "What affects me far more than this is that I still don't know what happened to you. To
After everyone had caught their breaths again and there was still no sign of Moriarty, one of the guards looked up between Sherlock and John. They had both lost their hats in the fight and chase.
She didn't answer the question but instead pulled an envelope out of the pocket inside her jacket with gloved fingers. To John’s own genuine surprise, she came a few steps closer and gave the envelope... to him.
That was exactly the kind of attitude that John had wanted to avoid. "I would not, actually, no," murmured John, not in any way motivated enough to engage in this discussion about human rights and prejudices.
"Let me show you to way to my chambers," Moriarty screeched. Suddenly, everyone finally noticed the company.
"Sherlock." Mycroft addressed him calmly. He had finally let go of his arm. There was something else in his face. A rare emotion. As rare as any emotion at all.
"Unfortunately, I have yet to figure out what he needs the hearts for. This is why we need to find mine. Even if it could be beating in someone else's chest."
His whole body suddenly stills, though, as he hears someone whisper into his very skin, being so close that Sherlock could have sworn that it's coming right from the inside of his head. Which it does.
Just as Sherlock feels his chest rising and falling quicker and more uncontrolled and the frustration starting to boil inside his veins, creeping up his neck, there are suddenly steady hands on both his hips and something warm is pressing up against his back.
"No," Mrs Hudson shook her head. "Sherlock, it was your brother who brought you here when you were recovering."
"No," she said, and then cleared her throat. "Only one left. A young woman. Something about her foot. Sprained ankle, probably. Not that I checked further. Only a foolish assumption."
"Hmh," Sherlock agreed without looking up. "More like every night. Booked out for weeks in advance sometimes."
As he walked out of the bedroom and through the hallway, he could already make out Sherlock's form sitting on the kitchen table. Bent over a rust-brown microscope. It was the kind of instrument he had otherwise only seen tinkerer's from his former unit use. Once he had stepped into the light, Sherlock immediately looked up and turned his head. He almost jumped up eagerly, making one or two utensils fall off the table from the quick movement. John blinked away the last bit of sleep in his eyes and shot a confused gaze at him when he came towards him and stopped right before he reached the hallway in which John was standing.
Sherlock's face was full of tearless pain, bloodless death. He was dying. The shock set in and somewhere in between he had started screaming, gasping. John felt like a man struck by thunder, unable to move or think or comprehend.
Sherlock had disappeared behind the corner, and as John followed him he was astounded that the rooms were even bigger than he had expected. The living room led to a kitchen, or at least it looked like the vague idea of a kitchen, with tumblers, test tubes, rakes and flasks all over it. It reminded him a lot of what he had seen within the shelves of Irene's basement, only with slightly less disturbing contents. Although … were these
John put his cup down on the table before it would spill. "I saw you, Sherlock. I saw your heart and... I have my doubts you understand what that means."
“I know!” John is enormously embarrassed, and he feels that if he doesn’t take a long walk right now, he will punch something to calm his inner unsettlement. “I need air.”
He was about to use the doorknocker when he noticed that the door was already open a gap. A bit dumbfounded he stared at the open door for a moment, then looked around. No one to be seen. After he had made sure that he didn't look like an intruder, although, strictly speaking, intruding was exactly what he was about to do, he pushed the door open and walked up the stairs until he was standing in a dark hallway. The only light source came from above, out of dirty windows, and it drew John's gaze immediately to the upper staircase. From there he heard signs of life, or rather ... music. Following it, he felt like he was entering another world by going up the stairs, each creaking a little louder against the soft tunes. But the music never stopped (
"I have to say you are far from how I imagined you, based on Mrs Hudson's description," he mumbled under his breath.
John sat down on the red chair. "Yes, I have recently had the pleasure to meet Charles Augustus Milverton. Marvellously insufferable."
He was glaring back at him, took in the high cheekbones and the perfect structure of his face, so different and yet pleasing in a way he could not explain. He could not quite believe that someone like this should have existed before, because how could anyone look like this? Until now he had simply believed that Sherlock's former body had looked just alike him, but now he wasn't so sure. Maybe it was all just a constructed web of lies that fooled him. But maybe he found he didn't care in the slightest.
Sherlock looked after the vampyre as it fell down before his feet, his mouth wide open. John grabbed him by the shoulders and swirled him around.
"Do you feel alive?" he asked quietly, not wanting to risk blemishing a question of such sensitivity with a voice too loud or too harsh. He didn't know but found himself desperately wanting to know what it was like for him, what he felt, thought about having been exploited like this. Of being out of his body but still in his own mind.
"Ohh," she said again, longer this time. It was Molly. In a dusky pink coloured dress and a fox mask. Her hair, quite cleverly, was pinned-up to look like fox ears.
"Oh, John, come on!" She linked her left arm with his right and began to walk away with him. Right in the middle of her abduction she seemed to remember how to be polite. Turning around, she gave Sherlock a broad and lovely smile. "I'm borrowing him for a few minutes, alright?" John himself did not appear to have any say in this. She led him farther into the corner of the room where the music was not so loud and the light didn't spy on them as much.
