The man’s face broke into a wide grin. “No need for the Misters,” he said, coming around the counter. He suddenly grabbed John in a burly bear hug, startling John but making Angelo laugh. He let go and chuckled while John straightened himself out. “You’re that new rider I saw yesterday,” he said. “You and Sherlock have been getting into some trouble, I’ve heard.”
“Neither has yours, call it a perk of being a fish for a large chunk of the day. I doubt Mycroft would be willing to acquire the services of a barber to come here so late at night.” John couldn’t stifle the laugh that bubbled up at the mental image of Sherlock emerging from the waters of their tank with long flowing locks of dark hair past his shoulders like a wayward mermaid.
“You haven’t had too many really notable cases over the last couple weeks that I can write up in a blog post, and Christmas is just around the corner in two weeks. So I thought maybe, just maybe, I’d get gifts for our friends,” There was that word ‘our’ not mine or yours yet another indicator that their relationship might be something more. The word made John smile inwardly.
? Sherlock often found unnerving things interesting, the jars of chicken gizzards dissolving in varying dilutions of draconic acidic saliva under their kitchen sink attested to that. But that was an experiment in the flat, not a walking talking human being with a kink or two and a potentially deadly boyfriend. “Well, that’s par for the course I suppose.”
John was aware of another human touching him and wanted nothing more than to beat the hand away. “Sherlock,” called a voice, “Sherlock get over here!” it shouted making John’s mind reel again at the proximity and volume. A mind suddenly met his own. Not the vague feelings from human touches, a whole Mollisian mind. The mind shied away after the first contact and John clung to it, begging it not to leave him to the pain and screaming again.
John sighed, resting his forehead against the glass for a moment. He didn’t hear the shower running. John looked over at the bed, black rope still on the headboard, discarded lube and condom, and the black blindfold.
“Apologies,” Sherlock said, scrubbing a hand over his face, dislodging John’s hand from his cheek. John could almost swear he saw a faint blush forming at the tops of those cheekbones.
“John, no,” John heard another voice rasp nearby, Sherlock. He sounded awful and John instantly tried to twist to find him, not caring about the torment being inflicted by Jim’s claws.
“You can feel him, can’t you?” Lestrade asked. John nodded. “Well, ask him then,” he prompted. “I doubt he can, but it never hurts to ask the poor creatures.”
The lights were out in the rest of the flat, the fire banked down for the night. The yellowy glow of the standing lamp near the sofa flicked on and John heard the very familiar leathery crunch of weight hitting the sofa cushion. He peeked around the corner of the kitchen door to see Sherlock lying in a lump on said piece of furniture.
“You say that like you’ve seen it happen,” John looked up at Sherlock who had decided he was going to stop right at John’s knees, towering over him casting a shadow as he eclipsed the tall window behind him.
“I’ll hold you, there will be light, it won’t be as bad, I’m here for you,” Sherlock reassured, pressing comfort, comfort, and more comfort onto John’s frayed mind like a balm.
“I’m sorry, I would prefer to stand,” John replied, glancing at the actually rather inviting black-cushioned wooden chair. A covered plate sat in front of it.
“Okay, okay, now, slowly follow me,” John took a couple of steps in the direction he wanted the dragon to go. Hyperion stayed still, glancing back behind him at Victor’s body. John caught another shock of sorrow and concern from Hyperion.
“You,” Sherlock’s mind pressed again. John could almost hear desperate panting behind the words even though there was no way for Sherlock’s voice to be truly out of breath.
When John continued to look at him with a questioning eyebrow he launched off into his explanation. “Think about it: the boy has just learned that he is about to receive a dragon, there are celebrations all around, because of course it's a happy occasion. The party dies down and he decides he’s going to go start bonding with his dragon before it’s even hatched, it’s not an uncommon practice. Little does he know he’s being followed, and our killer approaches before Carl enters the nest. Carl knew this person, there wasn’t evidence of a struggle or marks to show that he was dragged or placed in the sand. Instead they offer him food, a cupcake, a doughnut, something with a filling that could be seen as a congratulatory reward, something innocent. Carl happily takes the gift and eats it. His hands become sullied by jam from the filling and he tries to wipe it off, being mostly successful until he realizes his shoe’s come undone, don’t want to lose it in the sand, so he adjusts it, creating this mark. Little does he know the poison is already working through his body, he’s already made it out to the eggs and sat down by the time it starts to affect him. Meanwhile, the killer is watching as Carl is quickly ravaged by the toxin hidden in the food. Carl winds up face down in the sand, only making matters worse and the combination poisoning and suffocation does him in. But the killer’s not done, he saw Carl adjust his shoe, so just in case he takes it, and here we are.”
John left the ribbon marking those pages and continued to flip through the book. He’d had no idea how many different kinds of dragons there were, whole different species and breeds. John remembered names that had been mentioned the day before, like Aidan, the albino ridgeback, but there were many others in the book: Broadwing, Flametongue, Broad-Crested, Skystreak, HillPerch, Greater... so many breeds all across Europe in general that there was no telling what kind Aidan was, and so he had to give up the search there for the moment. Then there were ‘hummers’ whatever those were. He didn’t come across anything called ‘hummer’ there was a whole separate section for species called ‘hummingbird dragons’ and ‘faerie dragons’. Dragons ranging from the size of an incredibly large dog to a few photographed as small as big parrots and just as colorful. And the things they called Nordics, those were another species again as well.
“Too used to being in and around water,” Sherlock said, leaning into John’s back and wrapping his arms around his middle once he was done with his water.
John decided to do something for Sherlock, something to break the monotonous routine of their lives at the aquarium. But what? It wasn’t like they could run out and just go do anything. Sherlock loathed the gaming arcade upstairs and they didn’t have the cash for that anyway. Anything else would require them to go outside. They were right in the heart of a major hub of London attractions, the London Eye sitting right outside their front door and just north up the Thames a park and food and theater and just across the bridge a tube station and Big Ben. But none of that mattered because they couldn’t leave their aquarium. Mycroft hadn’t returned with any new news about the origins of the shark twins, therefore they had to treat the outside world as though a new enemy would jump them the moment they got near the exit.
“Sherlock!” John snapped, getting his attention. His face changed for a split second at the sound of John calling his name. For a brief moment John saw an expression of eagerness flit across Sherlock’s features before he locked eyes with John and seemed to see the stern look there. “Apologize,” John ordered, and Sherlock’s mild glower returned.
“The only captives are in Panamanian Aeries. There are four, one of which is their international one.” Sherlock prompted.
“What the--” was about all he got out before the man swiftly raised one of John’s wrists to his mouth and bit him just hard enough to draw blood. John screamed as the lunatic vaulted to standing and proceeded to run while John cradled his bloodied wrist. John levered himself up and ran on shaky legs to find the first aid kit. After properly washing, disinfecting and wrapping the wound John set out to find the crazy nude bitey man running loose in the aquarium, but he saw neither hide nor hair of him for the rest of the night.
He tried to focus all his energy on simply moving, on forming up into something other than a puddle in a bag, but before he could manage anything he was being stuffed back into the boot and the lid slammed closed, submerging him in darkness once more. The engine started, rattling John again and tossing him back into a lesser version of the hell from before with the motion of the car, the drug in his body starting to wear off but still present.
“Jemma ‘Jim’ Moriarty,” Mycroft said, looking on as the massive tranquilized leopard seal was being hefted into a transport container. “And her bodyguard.” His gaze roamed over to the larger tiger shark angrily still circling the confines of her too-small tank. “It is safe to say you will not be hearing from either of them again,” he said, turning to John and Sherlock, who stood wrapped in matching grey, wooly, first aid blankets.
Hyperion settled back onto his cushion in his pit with a very noticeable sigh and John was thankful to see him comfortable again. John gave him a good scratch as he reached out across the bond for one last check if Hyperion was okay. If anything Hyperion pushed back at him, not violently, just a bit of a shove, a sort of
“I’m not!” John didn’t know what else to say, sputtering off into silence as he tried to come up with some way to respond even though he knew Sherlock was goading him on. And so they wandered on down the hall, John could nearly hear Sherlock’s smug smile, looking down at John through the corner of his eye. At least he seemed to enjoy getting John riled up; and John did like seeing him smile, even though that smile was a somewhat smarmy-arse one.
“I don’t know what you want!” John yelled back, sweat dripping off of him even as the sun dropped lower and the desert began cooling. The gun pressed harder to his temple and John began praying in his head,
Thankfully the walk from the exit up the stairs to the nearest street was not a long one, and no one made any fuss over John’s appearance. A black car awaited them just around the corner of the building, and Mycroft ushered John inside. The car sped off the moment the door shut.
“D-Doctor Watson, we really should be going now,” the man stuttered intimidated under the piercing golden gaze fixed on him. A low growl began to rumble from the chest behind John, and a tiny flare of anger passed through his mind.
“Oh? John is it? Johnny boy you’ll make for a really nice meal for somebody, or something, I could just have you dropped in the middle of the Atlantic ocean and let nature take its course too.” She started giggling a little. “So many ways to kill people when you have the power to turn them into sea creatures.”
“Well, you do, inadvertently,” John replied, “heard from Angelo last night that Henry was talking about the whole hatchling thing yesterday, ‘s all over the Aerie now.”
John paused, considering what to do next. He kept the rhythmic strokes going. He could finish Sherlock off like this, speed up the strokes, ratchet the pleasure through the roof and make Sherlock’s come stripe his stomach. But, he’d done that before, he knew how to make Sherlock come quick and dirty. John wanted to do something different. After all, he realized, this was their first night at Baker Street, properly home, with proper lube, and a proper bed. He kissed the nearby earlobe as he considered something he hadn’t done yet with Sherlock.
“Shedding. Water helps you shed,” John realized, once he got past the eerie feeling that brought to mind the sensation of large area of skin peeling off after a sunburn. A physical nod and a yes in his mind and John moved closer to the nose resting against the edge of the fountain’s bowl.
“One more thing,” she said pulling out an empty syringe. She went over to Hyperion’s good foreleg and quickly and easily found the spot she was looking for sticking him one more time and drawing a blood sample, all the while Hyperion was emitting a very low growl.
-- remnants of the now totally dried slime remained from where he hadn’t had a shower, only changed his clothes, and there were probably bits of the grime still in the soles of his shoes. Hyperion confirmed that yes he did smell something, but he didn’t know what it was: stronger curiosity, John knows what it is, tell story, inquiring.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth a couple of times, looking a bit like a fish as he tried to form a comeback of his own and failed. He paused, seeming to collect himself again, then said, “Previous data led me to assume you took it. You are an outlier...”
It was a perspective John had never seen of Hyperion before, from the air Hyperion looked like a butterfly ready for pinning on the grassy field below, his wings spread wide his neck extended with his chin resting on the grass like he was sunning himself.
A shadow passed over them pulling John’s eyes even higher, away from the horrific flash of nightmare only to look up at another one. Silently above them soared Shaw, Moran’s terrifying dragon, his black form blotting out the sun as he flew by. In the time since John had first met Shaw he had tried to come to terms with the fact that he meant no harm, that he was a dragon just like any other at the Aerie, but the ingrained sense of fear and the animalistic gut reaction to duck and cover at the sight of the dragon shaped void in the sky was hard to break, and even in that moment, even though Shaw had only really just passed over them and continued on his way flying his own path, John still felt adrenaline kick in an looked for an escape route where none existed.
“I know,” Sherlock said quietly, too late for her to even remotely hear him as he trudged over to the sofa and flopped down on it staring up at the ceiling. “Next time I’ll just leave the thing to die in a back alley somewhere.” Sherlock mumbled up at the white plaster.
John could see a woman with long grey hair marching out across the sands towards the dragon with her arms up, reaching for the long prickly face in a comforting gesture. Meanwhile Sally rounded the corner and was suddenly blocking all view of the pair, a furious look on her face as she zeroed in on Sherlock. He did not back away in the slightest.
“Is that really so suspicious, though? You get boxes from places like Italy and Spain, your mum sending you a new fridge magnet in the shape of a lemon and a small rainbow bull.” Sherlock sniffed at John pointing out the trinkets his mummy and papa sent him from their retirement travels abroad.
“Hello Hyperion!” Molly called up at him, crouched next to her large pack and rummaging through it, producing a big pair of shears and a frighteningly large packaged syringe along with some massive swaths of gauze and a box containing vials of medicine. As she unpacked more from her bags John heard a low hiss coming from behind him, and if the panic prickling up his spine over the bond was any indicator then a look at Hyperion’s face made it clear: Hyperion’s eyes were wide, pupils contracted; he had his head cocked to the side staring down at Molly, watching her every move. His mouth opened slightly, his tongue flickering just barely out enough to see the forks. With every deep breath came a protracted hiss from between Hyperion’s teeth, like a snake warning off a predator. It was nearly comical that a diminutive woman like Molly could invoke such a potent reaction from a massive dragon; John would have laughed if he hadn’t keenly felt the distress flowing into his mind.
“I have been reliably told I have no heart, John; best not fool yourself thinking otherwise,” he murmured, opening a cabinet and putting the experiment away.
Objectively it was beautiful, still a little terrifying, but pretty. It sat as crew members pulled its harness off, black leather on sleek pitch black scales. The sun caught in the blackness and made the dragon look like a living oil slick, iridescent rainbow sheen contouring its body. Its eyes were actually shaded by a sort of visor hooked into its horns, and when the ground crew removed it John saw why. Its eyes appeared pure black for a split second before the light hit and they contracted to show bright orange, pupils contracting to jagged slits.
They were interrupted by a police officer running towards them. “Sir! We’ve found something!” he called. The man looked to Mycroft, a concerned crease to his brows, “You need to look at this, sir.” Damir’s head had already turned towards where the man had come from; he seemed intent on going to the place but stayed posed at his rider’s side. Mycroft looked up at Damir and silently started walking in the direction the dragon was looking, the great white creature quickly rising and delicately avoiding stepping on anybody or thing as he took the lead.
. John smiled and brought Hyperion’s attention back down to himself with the mental equivalent of a hug. Hyperion’s gaze shifted down to him and indeed the dragon’s mood lifted drastically as he saw John walking towards him. His legs were definitely wobbly after the flight, having never been in the air before in that position for that long of an amount of time factored together with the fact that a large portion of that time had been spent tense and panicked. John understood why, but it didn’t stop the unsettling-ness of it. It was like coming off of a boat after getting used to the rocking of the waves, watery knees and a slightly floaty feeling in his head. John reached Hyperion and sat down leaning against one of his talons. Hyperion of course brought his nose down to gently nudge John, a happy,
The next bit I want to jump into is Sherlock’s conversation with Janine in the hospital. A lot of people have argued that this is one of the only real moments following Mary shooting Sherlock, and that Janine fiddling with the taps is part of what induces Sherlock’s fucky mind palace wanderings. I don’t buy into that theory – the more I think about this scene, the less it makes sense as being real in the context of EMP theory. The first reason for this is, very simply, that it means Sherlock has woken up after the realisation that John is in danger. The driving idea behind EMP theory is that Sherlock has to spend s4 making that realisation and trying to wake up – having that actually happen at the very start of EMP, only to be aborted, is bizarre. Secondly, it completely negates the idea that Mary’s actions are possibly fatal, which is a theme that reverberates through s4 (and all the chapters of this meta) - if Janine fiddling with the taps is what pushes Sherlock back into his MP, then by rights Janine should appear in S4, instead of the preoccupation it has with Mary and shooting.
Sherlock knew it was not what he had wanted to say, but he did not know how to help him. Whatever set of complicated emotions John was feeling – Sherlock had never grieved like this. What did he want for Christmas? He wanted to be able to help. He wanted to extend a hand to John and to pull him out of the swirling hell of pain he saw him go through every day. He wanted John to stay with him in Baker Street, to never leave. He wanted to pull him into an embrace, to hold him tight, feel the heat of his breath and the warmth of his skin against Sherlock’s own. He wanted to be a father to Rosie, to live every second of her growing up. Every time he looked at John he was consumed by want, things he knew he could never have.
John didn’t really know how to pray, but when he lit the candles he tried anyway. To thank Mary, for bringing him Rosie, for bringing him solace in his grief when he had most needed her, for everything. Nearly everything, he reminded himself – maybe not shooting Sherlock. Everything else. To apologise to her for not grieving enough, for not stopping his life, but to tell her that he had to keep moving and living, for Rosie. And, he added, for himself. He knew that Mary understood that. Hadn’t she done the very same, after all? And whilst his new life might not be so glamorous or exciting as Mary zipping through identities around the world, it was his. It was what he wanted.
(DW Christmas Special 2014) that is relevant here – the main characters, all dreaming, whenever they are asked any questions that can’t be explained in the dream universe, simply reply ‘it’s a long story’. This is a ‘long story’ moment – where no explanation is given, so questions about reality are raised and unanswered.
[more tenuous crack: Ajay’s torture has always reminded him of Sherlock’s torture, but he’s sustained every day by this bit of information. Ammo, ammo. Amo, amo. Love? I can dream.]
, probably because their older audience will have no idea what Tumblr is, but also because Twitter is much more mainstream in its appreciation. Twitter takes centre stage in TEH, with #SherlockLives and the scene with the support group. The joke there is about the sheer level of how-did-he-do-it mania that gripped the public – so when we see Twitter again, we should be thinking about an extratextual as well as a textual response to Sherlock, and how Sherlock’s behaviour on Twitter in this episode might caricature the way that he is seen from the outside.)
This was never intended to be a chapter by itself, but having seen @tjlcisthenewsexy’s fantastic video on Wholock parallels here
The colour palette is the same as the TAB room, and the similar chunks of light falling through suggest that we’re in the same place. The light is designed to mirror that of the Diogenes Club in TAB as well – there is a unity in all these Mycroft’s that we shouldn’t miss. Here I can’t imagine I’m the first one to notice that the light in Mycroft’s office is designed to look like a chessboard, which was an important motif in the promotional pictures for s4. Chess is associated with Sherlock’s brain through Mycroft, most notably in THE where it is contrasted with Operation which represents their emotional (in)capacities. So here we are – Mycroft is the brain, if we didn’t already know, and Sherlock has gone to speak to his brain alone much like he did in TAB. Mycroft has already been associated with the queen a lot; they meet in Buckingham Palace in ASiB, where there is a jibe about Mycroft being the queen of England – we can see here in Sherlock’s head that the brain’s power is vastly reduced by comparing these two episodes. The first time we see Mycroft in connection to the Queen we go to the most famous building in the UK. The second time, Sherlock says he’s going to the Mall, which is the street that Buckingham Palace is on, so we are led to expect a reprisal – and instead come here. There is still a picture of the queen on the wall, but apart from that we are in the darkest room of the show so far, whose grating makes it look under siege. Mycroft’s power in Sherlock’s head is vastly reduced, and indeed the brain’s influence (represented by the queen) over Sherlock’s character is waning as Sherlock struggles to come to terms with his emotional identity.
Sherlock nodded, swallowing, and turned back to face John. John would not look him in the eye, Sherlock noted; his eyes were deliberately angled downward, fixed on the table in front of him. Sherlock slid into the seat opposite.
Now December was setting in in Baker Street. Christmas was a reminder to John that time was passing; Rosie was nearly one, and John had realised when he saw the first Christmas tree on Oxford Street in the middle of November that Rosie needed a home. Baker Street had been supposed to be a stop gap, but John had got comfortable. He had promised himself that day that Rosie’s next Christmas would be in a real home, and that evening had spent hours on property sites, trawling through houses that would be fit to raise a child in.
, a series five episode I’m going to delve deeper into later, but where because it’s a dream, the Doctor is able to predict every word the monsters say.
. This sets up what he’s going to represent for the rest of the EMP sequence. Other people have delved into the rest of this section before, and extensively – I don’t have a huge amount to add. We know John is in danger from Magnussen, because that’s ostensibly why Mary was there, but she didn’t seem to care as much as the housemaid from the initial stories did. We also know from the original stories that Magnussen has the power to make John suicidal, but in this story he hasn’t yet – but because of this, Sherlock senses that the danger is much more than a loss of reputation. It’s heart-re-starting-ly important.
Rosie. He could hear John trying to shush her, panicked, not wanting to wake him. A wry smile came to Sherlock’s face unbidden. Well, he was awake now, and he knew Rosie well enough to know that shriek. That was a shriek of joy, like the one she had given when she saw Father Christmas on the tube a few days ago. Whatever was causing it must be similarly momentous. He slid out of bed and wrapped his dressing gown around himself, the deep plum shielding his lanky limbs from the cold morning air. Walking out to the kitchen, he saw exactly what was making Rosie so excited. Out of the window, beating against the Victorian panes, was more snow than he had ever seen in London before. Being up so early helped; even on the snowiest of days, the blanket of white soon turned to slush under the London footfall. This early, however, most of the snow remained untrodden. Baker Street looked like another world.
they explain that Santa is a warning that your brain is sending you, picking the most unbelievable thing possible so that you know you’re trapped, dying in your brain. Santa Claus? Well, it’s a kid’s show, and it’s Christmas. But if I were picking a dream siren to tell me I was dying, I like to think that my subconscious would pick the glowing skull on the wall; without explanation, it’s an awful lot more direct.
The words hit Sherlock like a dull blow, thudding into his gut. She’s not your daughter. John had said them to be kind, he knew, to make sure that Sherlock felt that there was no additional responsibility on him. It was kind. Meant kindly. He twisted his lips into what he hoped was a grateful smile. She’s not your daughter. Well, she wasn’t. There was nothing untruthful about what John had said. He looked wistfully at Rosie, kicking happily strapped into her chair, then on an impulse grabbed her out of it, deftly unfastening the buckles on her high chair as he swung her around.
. Aeroplanes have an association with death already in this show, and the choice to put Sherlock on a plane rather than lock him up for four minutes or anything equivalent – and probably less expensive to shoot – suggests a deliberate throwback. We’re supposed to think of it as a kind of metal coffin.
Except, of course, like so much of this interrogation of John and Mary’s relationship in HLV and onwards, this doesn’t quite ring true. Because, of course, there is no mad genius in the Watsons’ relationship, and in terms of sanity Mary is certainly not the sane one. It’s like Sherlock is trying to fit them into the domestic bliss mould, but they just won’t quite go there. The comparison won’t quite be made.
And how could he not? The pale laugh lines etched into Sherlock’s face, middle-aged now, though John could not believe it, spoke to happier times than John had known with anyone else. The aching tenderness with which he planted a soft kiss on Rosie’s brow was paralleled by a soft ache in John’s own chest. Even the ridiculousness of showing a baby science experiments brought a rueful smile to his lips that he could not shake. He loved Sherlock.
century. Falling in love won’t kill him in the modern day. What I missed that time around, of course, was that despite breaking through the initial Victorian layers of repression, he still dives into more water, and when the plane lands, it still lands in his MP, just in a mental state where the punishment his psyche deals him for homosexuality is less severe. This also sets up s4 as specifically dealing with the problem of the fall – Sherlock jumps to the 21
Mary drugs Sherlock, and in case we needed another reminder of what that represents and what is stopping Sherlock from progressing, we get a shot of Redbeard and we hear Eurus singing the riddle. See chapter 13 (X) which explains why this is symbolic of gay trauma and needing to fully come to terms with your queerness. When Sherlock wakes up, the transition sound from Redbeard back into grown up Sherlock is a gigantic wave followed by rain. Although Sherlock and Victor have been playing by the water, that wave is far too big to come from that image. When we move outside, there is a dripping sound, and our entire visual is coloured in the dark blue of the promo pictures and that really characterises the underwater aesthetic of s4. This scene has shown us a series of blockages to Sherlock solving his current conundrum, and the wave washing over him is the sound of him being pushed deeper into his mind, not climbing out. We’re a long way from a pirate sailing the seven seas here.
– there was a very popular meta on the links between the two for a while there that can be found here:
I want to quickly talk about what grounds Sherlock’s aeroplane. Moriarty appears on screens everywhere, and then we have the following exchange between Sherlock and Mycroft. I’ve already made a post about this that’s done the rounds on tumblr
, this is a pretty huge indicator that something is up with Rosie even if we didn’t know it already. Indeed, the cot and mobile that the child has in
Others have pointed out the fantastic projector visual that we get next, as though implying that the whole Aquarium scene is a projection from Sherlock’s mind – it’s important to hint here to the audience that Mary is of course not dead, although because of the reception of series 4 I’m not sure that was entirely grasped! Mary’s coffin is then engulfed in blue flames, in case we weren’t encumbered enough in blue, but there’s also a sense of failure in this. Every time we get that level of blue, waves or fire, engulfing like it so often does in this episode, we’re sinking deeper into the subconscious rather than rising out of it. It’s a hint that something has gone terribly wrong, which is only increased at the end of the episode with the notorious final image of Sherlock drowning. We’re not on our way up here, and we aren’t going to be until the final third of TFP – until then, we have a constant aesthetic of descent into the mind.
“She’s not my daughter,” Sherlock responded acerbically, just audible above Rosie, whose yells had now turned into definite squalls. The words hit John with the power to wind him. No, of course she wasn’t, but by God, they were raising her together, weren’t they? Maybe not forever, maybe not even for much longer, but that was the current arrangement. And right now, when Rosie was screaming fit to bring down not just 221B but 221A and C as well, John could do with a little sodding help.
I would be really interested to know how else this can be construed. This line can make sense in the real world if we accept that Janine is working with Mary – which must be true anyway, because otherwise Mary can’t get to CAM – and
John looked up from Rosie to thank Molly, but found himself staring past her into the eyes of Mummy Holmes. She had heard every word Molly said, he was certain of it. Unlike her son, she did not look away when John clocked her. Instead, she held his gaze softly but steadily, her eyes a deeper shade of teal than her son’s but still echoing the same vulnerable pain John had spotted in Sherlock’s not so long ago. She nodded tacitly, as though to affirm all that Molly had said. John felt his stomach sink a little further. It felt so unfair, somehow, to have Sherlock’s affection for him doubly confirmed just when it was not mere affection that he wanted.
The ambulance people coming into Baker Street (seemingly without the door being unlocked?) is, I think, the real world blending with the mind palace world here – although not paramedics, there are people currently trying to restart Sherlock’s heart, and this scene shows us that he’s trying hard inside his brain, he’s working with them – he really doesn’t want to die. The idea of the outside world taking on a physical form in his MP is not incredibly hard to believe – I really recommend watching s02e02 of
to the Americans, they just didn’t get it. This was huge controversy at the time, but the video and the controversy around it also managed to cement
. Whilst Westley’s hair in that film horribly resembles my lockdown hair, more happily the fantastic movie
The great wooden doors to the stone church swung open as the muffled sound of the organ opened out into a swell, filling the icy air, and Sherlock saw John and Rosie exiting. John’s eyes met his with a sad smile, thanking him for being there. They did not need to say anything. Sherlock took a hold of the pram and the two of them began the long walk home.
This is particularly poignant in light of the opening and closing shots of TLD. Although there’s the fucky not-blood red that fills the screen at the end of TLD, apart from that the shots of Norbury shooting Mary and Therapist!Eurus shooting John are
“Yes, but we also had to crack cryptic codes before opening our presents. I never know what’s universal and what’s just Holmes tradition.”
) that Sherlock deduced his feelings for John as he was marrying Mary, and so having the smashing of the Thatcher bust at the AGRA memory stick reveal is pretty devastating metaphorically. Why does Sherlock constantly think Moriarty is involved? Well, HLV tells us that the Jim in Sherlock’s mind is his darkest fear – and he’s originally tied up in Sherlock’s mind when he’s first shot, but he pretty quickly gets loose. That darkest fear is exactly what Jim says in that episode: ‘John Watson is definitely in danger’. The reason we bring Jim in to represent this is part of deconstructing the myth of Sherlock Holmes. The whole concept of an arch enemy is made fun of in the show, and rightly so; Moriarty himself tells the Sir Boastalot story which lines Sherlock up with that ridiculous heroic tradition that he’s set himself into, which isn’t what Sherlock Holmes is really about at all. Holmes has never really been particularly invested in individual criminals (although there are exceptions –  Irene Adler, for example) – the time he gets most het up is The Three Garridebs, as we all know, when he thinks Watson is dying. It’s his greatest fear, and it’s also what Jim threatens, so Jim has become a proxy for that – and to understand that Sherlock Holmes is
, through countless adaptations in literature and film. Plenty of these adaptations as well as the original stories are referenced in the EMP, not least by going back to 1895, the year that symbolises the era in which most of these adaptations are set. (If you don’t already know it, check out the poem
As far as I can tell, nobody ever tells Sherlock that Moriarty is back. It’s possible Mycroft tells him offscreen, or that he googles it from his phone, given that he’s already breaking flight rules, but given that it’s the entire trigger for TAB, it seems a pretty odd thing to leave out. In EMP theory, it’s also the thing that downs his plane – in terms of the plane metaphor as well as literally, it stops him from dying. It’s pivotal, but we don’t see it. I therefore want to hypothesise –
“Days?” John was caught between the two amused women and he ended up facing Irene again “How long have you been here?” he asked, suddenly remembering that she had said she was one of his ‘escorts’ home.
“He gets off on being disciplined,” Sherlock said later once they were beyond the school halls and walking back towards the flat.
Sherlock huffed again, straightening up in his seat. “Brute strength, claws, teeth, scales, weight, basically the ability to crush or maim an attacker. Fire, second most common after that. Venom, acid, boiling water, and poison excretion are the six you were referring to. But research has shown that many breeds of North American dragons such as the Thunderbelly use sound as a defensive measure, either by emitting loud concussive booms or in the case of some found on more southern regions, high-pitched shrieks meant to daze and confuse both predator and prey. As for the eighth, and the fact that this was missed is a travesty considering we have many examples living within this very Aerie, is camouflage through either color change or natural coloration. Even with all of the various colors achieved by selective breeding over centuries we do still have plenty of examples of natural camouflage and even one of our senior commanders rides a dragon with extreme color changing capabilities. The fact that you missed one so obvious should be a testament to how poor of a teacher you are.”
John had heard of things like what she described, a piece of the night sky suddenly dropping onto a group of soldiers and wreaking havoc on anything that moved and leaving just as quietly as it came, Small battalions like John’s former unit often had a couple of smaller dragons assigned to it during the night to provide protection against such attacks.
“Watch him!” John ordered to one of the cashiers, getting her attention, “Watch this one!” John repeated, not waiting for her small nod before he lunged himself at the other man, who threw the rag at John, gripping onto Sherlock’s now limp form and producing a knife. John stopped the moment he saw the small blade press to Sherlock’s jaw.
Sherlock was very suddenly dislodged from his pleasant position by John sneezing. The full body sneeze had truly snuck up on John before he could attempt to hold it off. The surprise of it startled a laugh from him as well.
Another pair of arms grabbed him and hauled him out of the water still deafened and blinded by the gel that always formed at the change: see-through in water, but shite on land.
“Yes, I googled you after he mentioned you, Mycroft didn’t say much other than you were investigating some kind of fish stealing gang.” John replied, distractedly plucking at the short bits of webbing between his fingers.
A handful of small heads poked out from around Hyperion’s snout, the children from that morning, all of whom looked a little dirtier than they did when John had seen them last. Mary, too small to see over Hyperion’s snout like the others, came quietly around right next to Sally and up to the edge of the mat, looking up at John.
Sherlock surged up into him, grabbing hold of the human above him and wrapping him up easily in honey tendrils. John laughed and continued to knead his fingers into Sherlock’s skin even as Sherlock’s littlest tentacles twined around his toes and tightened around thighs. John knew Sherlock hadn’t ever been with a genuine human before, and it amused him to no end what Sherlock thought were erotic places to touch on John’s human form, even though that genius mind knew John was simply another Mollisian whose whole skin could be designated erogenous if he wanted.
She was cut off by Mike re-entering. “It’s a feral release, no riders, Cardiff gave us the go ahead to select one and keep them updated on the situation.”
“Oh, his body was taken to the morgue. It will be sent home and given a proper burial.” Helen said. John felt relieved at that news. The poor man deserved a burial.
“This will be fine,” Sherlock said, stopping John from babbling any further. John watched as Sherlock stirred his pasta a bit, twirled his fork, then took a first bite. Sherlock sat cross-legged with the takeaway container held in his lap. He brought the box up half way as he took the bite and quietly slurped the pasta between his lips, his tongue darting out to lick the corners of his mouth. “Thank you.” John saw Sherlock’s mouth form the words, so sucked in by watching him eat for a moment that he’d forgotten about his own food.
John thought as he turned to look at the room. A pair of mismatched chairs sat on either side of a fireplace, one empty, the other covered in a box of newspapers, a union jack pillow balanced precariously on top. The place is probably quite lovely and homey underneath it all, John told himself.
Their evening continued on. John did eventually push the box over closer to his other belongings, and sleep came easily just as it had the previous nights, with calm unmemorable dreams that faded away upon waking.
The rest of the night was spent mostly with John just watching Sherlock on the computer, little snippets of conversation happening off and on. John read over Sherlock’s shoulder a bit, fascinated by the cases Sherlock considered ‘less than a 7’ which was to say, ‘not worthy of my physical presence’.
“Your name has been whispered in dark corners and alleys. I have been trying to find dear Jimmy for years and it’s you?” Sherlock said, looking Jim over.
“The blessing and curse of a bond, we get the bad with the good I’m afraid. My Bertram had a rotten tooth once, gave me a splitting headache for a couple days until we found it.” Lestrade patted John on the back. “But look at it this way, its a good sign; means you’re bonding with him well and its getting stronger,” he said, grinning before he moved over to where Hyperion was still resting. ducking under his belly to look at the bandage still swathing his left leg.
“It could be, you don’t have to wander the streets to sing carols. The cafeteria seems like it has a nice stage for a group of singers, live christmas music in the evenings that sort of thing.” John was actually a little surprised that he hadn’t seen the center podium of the cafeteria used for that specific purpose, come to think of it it never seemed to get used at all. Something for him to look into, maybe there was a community board somewhere.
Not so long ago, Sherlock thought, a much more volatile John would have been swept up in anxiety about Rosie saying his name, the inevitable guilt that Sherlock had seen wash over his face every time he realised his daughter knew Sherlock better than she would ever know her mother. But not today. Today his face was bright with paternal pride, and Sherlock felt sure that he was beaming back. He sat down with them by the Christmas tree and put his finger in Rosie’s tiny hand, pretending to shake it. She gurgled with pleasure. John reached over to pat his back, a sort of half-hug. Sherlock’s chest tightened, scared to betray himself. The distance between his face and John’s was narrow, so narrow that Sherlock could feel the heat of his breath, smell the vague mixture of chemicals that hung over him after a day at the clinic, see every pore on his weather-beaten face –
) where the protagonist, Cooper, outlines a dream in which the Dalai Lama spoke to him and gave him the power to use magic to solve mysteries. Fans of
Sherlock waited until John had put Rosie to bed before he spoke to him. He could not do it with Rosie in the room. She raised too many emotions in him – everything in her screamed of the future he dreamed of, the future he could never have. It would be easier just with John.
Rosie would not remember her mother. Both of them knew that, and both of them would make sure Mary was remembered. But going forward, no matter what else happened in their crazy life, she had two fathers who loved her more than anything. Except, perhaps, each other.
He did not quite know what to say to her. Realising that he loved Sherlock had winded him, had turned everything he had assumed about his life before upside down. Thinking back, he knew there was not a time in their acquaintance when he had not loved Sherlock. From their first meeting at Bart’s, when Sherlock had looked him up and down and with a curl of his lip deduced his life story, and then without much more introduction had whisked him on an adventure like John, army veteran, had never known. When John had killed for him, hours after they had first met. Recognising that threw everything he had known with Mary into relief. Had he known then? He supposed, deep down, he had. Had she?
John had him by the wrist first, then got to feel just how strong those lanky arms were as Sherlock swiftly twisted his arm to grab back and pulled John from his chair. John used the weight of his fall to drag Sherlock to the floor with him. His shoulder stung as Sherlock landed on him and began the short scuffle of grappling to get John to let go.
“He saw me, was staring right at me while him and Moran went at it in a shower stall. I don’t mean… I mean he was… with them there…” John couldn’t quite figure out how to end the sentence and just stopped for a moment. “It was unnerving, can’t entirely explain it other than that.” John finally said lamely, just leaning against the wall nearby not even looking at Sherlock.
Hyperion yawned a massive, jaw-cracking gape, the giant barrel of his chest expanding behind John as the rest of Hyperion’s body lengthened out once his mouth snapped closed. His long neck flexed outward, his back arching and limbs and wings stiffening out away from his body momentarily as he stretched away the sleep, transferring the feeling of a good full body stretch over to John as he relaxed again with a large sigh.
Then John saw it, a blue glow through a window high on the wall. A faint thing through the grungy corrugated plastic panel but definitely a blue glow. It flared, bright like a flash of lightening and then, almost as suddenly as it appeared, it vanished and the building was a dark shape again. That was enough to get John on his feet, screw the plan, screw the fact that he had no weapons, and screw Mycroft. John was going inside now, a glance at the clock again only spurred him on; forty five minutes was long enough in his book.
He heard a cry from over near the counters and saw that there was another big brutish looking man putting the same moves on Sherlock, a white cloth shoved to the detective’s nose. John had no time to help Sherlock as his own thug chose that moment to come at him again - only this time John was ready for him. He grabbed the man’s wrist and used his own bulk against him, bringing the attacker into the ground. John instantly pinned the man, twisting his arms and holding his wrists with one hand and slamming his head into the floor hard enough to render the brute unconscious.
“Master Knight, Henry Knight,” Henry provided even with his positive demeanor his voice sounded tinged with a slight edge of nervousness, which John was beginning to wonder if some level of anxious was his default setting. “We met briefly after that whole hatchling debacle yesterday,” he added, for the rest of the table’s sake. “I keep the Aerie from falling apart,” Henry said, with a small laugh and smile.
The wait for the car was nowhere near as long as John thought it would be. The driver came to them rounding the corner and stopping, staring wide-eyed at the pair of them and the large dragon crouched in the small yard. “Mr. Holmes?” he asked, still staring at he sickly hatchling.
This time John caught up to Sherlock on the landing field. The entire Aerie was in a frenzy, all divisions following lockdown procedures. Dragons on the ground were led back to the edges of the field and stripped of their harnesses and gear. Anyone preparing to leave or who had just taken flight were instantly herded back to the ground by the combined efforts of the radio tower’s instructions and the guardians that occupied the tops of the Aerie’s walls. John had so far rarely seen them, but he now saw small swarms of little dragons leaving their keepers to collect around the larger dragon’s heads and lead or pester them back down.
“I think she planted the phone on her killer; she knew she was about to die and in her last moments tried to ensure her killer’s capture.” John nearly jumped out of his skin when Sherlock’s voice appeared right over his shoulder, the detective peering at the ringing phone in his hand. “Whoever our serial killer is on the other end just got a text from beyond the grave from their latest victim. I’m willing to bet they’re panicking right about now.” The phone stopped ringing and with the silence Sherlock was off again heading out the kitchen door.
John helped Sherlock lift the bundle that was the hatchling, Sherlock carrying the bulk of it. They bundled it into the back seat of the black car waiting for them, and John stayed while Sherlock bounded off to grab his coat and the suitcase, zipped closed but still somewhat oozing egg fluid as Sherlock rolled it along.
Sherlock did eventually pull further away though, not completely leaving John’s space as he trailed more kisses up to John’s temple.
John knew what the motion was from reading about it, aggressive mimicry, caudal luring. Melinda though much smaller than Bellamy was using her bright lure of a tail to distract from the toxic fanged mouth nearby. Sally reached up and lightly swatted Melinda’s jaw.
The warmth he’d been craving for the last week finally returned full force and it shook him to his toes. Hyperion let out a strong puff of air, blowing the coat off John’s shoulders, and John couldn’t help but grin. The power of that feeling surging all at once into him made his knees weak, much like it had done the first time. With his good arm he tried to grab the dragon’s nose to keep from falling. His grip slid off the great snout and he went down to the sand panting and giggling. His heart felt like it would burst with the overwhelming feeling of glee that flooded over him. Unlike before, where it had been tears born of sadness, his eyes started to water with tears of joy as Hyperion grunted and used his nose to gently push John back into the soft sand. He nosed at John’s belly with care, blowing hot air that smelled faintly like a strange combination of raw and cooked meat over him as John’s giggling died down to labored panting. Hyperion settled his cheek right next to him, that huge golden eye surveying him as he curved his neck around John, chin leaving a ditch in the sand around him.
John felt a hysterical panic begin to rise as the thought occurred to him. He tried to bend and twist his spine further to see the tail better, maybe see what it attached to. He bent his spine almost into a perfect C shape only to see the tail connected to a fish body.
“I do, but we don’t need to discuss it now. Right now you need to rest and recover. The flight here banged you up pretty bad; I just gave you a mild sedative to help you sleep.” She picked up his hand and showed him where the button for a painkiller was right next to his bed in easy reach. “What is going on in your head is not harmful. When you next wake up we can talk about it all you like if you feel up to it.” Helen smiled at him reassuringly. Already tired, and with the sedative pushing him the rest of the way towards sleep, John faded fast. He closed his eyes, and gave his doctor a weak ‘uh-huh’ as he drifted off back into the dreamless dark of sleep.
Once done moving plants Sherlock dismissed Wiggins and Mary to dinner with their respective housekeepers.
The bond was definitely stronger; John was clearly feeling the subtle tinges of ‘are you all right? Be careful, you are hurting yourself.’ conveyed by the emotional mix he received from Hyperion. He replied with his own pushed thoughts of reassurance:
John wondered, patting at Hyperion’s nose to get him to stop nudging him. The panicked feeling gone down, Hyperion acquiesced and laid his head on the mat, cheek pressed to John’s side.
The fifth day, just before Hyperion’s walk, a large cardboard box arrived, addressed to the Aerie with ‘To: John “fuck off” Hamish Watson’ scrawled messily above the address. The package was from Harry; she had literally tossed every single one of John’s few belongings she’d been holding onto into the box in one drunken mess. Thrown in on top was a used phone.
He bent over John, putting his unexpectedly dry hands on John’s face and neck, John felt thin fingers sink into the sides of his neck and panicked. It felt as though they sank into an open gash. John was gasping and sobbing for breath, feeling his eyes bulge. The man quickly started to strip off John’s uniform, his button-up peeled away like John’s skin was slimy. John wanted to struggle and get away from the madman but the amount of pain paralyzed him. Once he had John naked he pulled the slightly bloody wrapping from John’s bitten wrist. The man picked him up again, this time in a bridal carry, and John began to thrash in earnest as he realized where the guy was taking him: towards the water of the shark tank.
Sherlock just huffed and slipped into the tank. John dove in after him, just missing the large guitarfish they shared the tank with as he broke the surface. They were a little closer to their changing time that morning, and only moments later John felt the twinges and pops Sherlock had warned him would become the norm.
“Yeah, papercuts.” There was a grin with too many teeth behind the reply. Papercuts weren’t fun things, John had watched humans squirm in sympathy at the mention of the things even though they’d not had it happen to them. John’s scrambled frightened mind clamored for a reason why the voices would be so perversely happy.
“Blood?” John guessed, looking to Sherlock with raised brows. Sherlock was already reaching for equipment, trying to get a sample of the old mark. Silence followed for long moments after as Sherlock ran his tests.
John went upstairs and looked in the windows of the labs, looking for the dark-haired rider in one of them. All he found were a few people in lab coats working with various bits of equipment, running tests, going about their jobs in the hospital. He spotted Mike filling out some paperwork in a broom closet-sized office full of filing cabinets, the small rosy dragon he’d seen in Mike’s picture sitting curled up on a nearby cabinet.
“Sorry about them, Watson, they get a little over-excited sometimes,” she apologized as John sat back from the edge.
Angus returned to Mrs Hudson, rubbing against her hip like a particularly oversized scaly cat before sitting with his head leaned against her arm. “You didn’t need all that fuss so soon after your bonding, he really is a good boy usually,” she said, patting Angus on the head. “Anyway, here are your keys, I’ll give you the grand tour,” Mrs Hudson added as John picked up his cane from where he’d dropped it.
“Imagine a dragon going through a war-fueled nightmare. It’s not pretty. We’ll try to help, but the best that can really be done is to keep your distance and use the bond. Touching usually helps, and you’ve handled him wonderfully today, but if he goes into a night terror--and that is a big if-- get away.” Lestrade said, looking intently at John.
“Well, not really all the time,” the boy said, swallowing a mouthful of sandwich, “just funny things set Mr Moriarty off and make him go all quiet and twitchy like that. Doesn’t usually happen in the middle of the day like this though. But yeah, then he goes away for a few days, we get another teacher for a while and he comes back and tries again, longest he went without a spell was three weeks, back at the beginning of the year.”
“Mycroft’s upstairs, dear, said he had a matter to talk with you about,” she said quietly, barely forming up out of her normally blob-like state to talk with them as she slid back into her rooms, looking nervous about the elder Holmes upstairs.
He knocked to announce his presence and a soft grumble from Bellamy was his answer. He opened the door, slowly peeking inside. The lights were on low and the ceiling, drawn closed, helped to bounce it and illuminate Bellamy in a soft silvery gold. She sat uncurled but still alert and watchful in her sand. Sherlock lay stretched out on his back between her forearms, divested of his boots, coat, and waistcoat, his head pillowed against the thumb of her paw and his palms pressed together in front of his lips. For a moment John just watched the detective lie there: flat stomach rising and falling slowly, long fingers now and again tapping together, long dark eyelashes fanned closed, that long body finally resting after a day of frenzy. The fact that the lights were on at all meant he had managed to relax her to the point where she would at least let Sherlock out from under her for a moment.
“Can we go home?” John finally asked, mental voice shaky at best as he simply pressed his mind as close to Sherlock’s as he could in lieu of being able to physically touch him back.
Sherlock groaned behind him and John abandoned all thoughts of the gilled men. Sherlock started awake suddenly, before clutching his head and going back down.
“I was testing you. Watching you for signs that you might be like Victor or his predecessors. What makes you violent? Are you possessive? What would send you finally screaming to Mycroft or Lestrade to beg for a transfer? Do I need to get rid of you?” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on the textbook. “But you haven’t shown any signs. You didn’t seem to mind my silence, you backed away when I ignored you, you didn’t snatch away my violin last night, you haven’t touched my things or my bedroom, and you did… that just now.” He waved a hand at the patch of carpet where John had tickled him.
“Come on let’s keep going,” John said tugging Sherlock away from the window. Sherlock hobbling along easily until they were out of sight of the shark tank.
They lay there for a long moment in silence, just breathing and holding each other. “That’s what woke you up earlier,” Sherlock said, breaking the quiet.
Sherlock heard the rustle of clothes being removed, jeans, jumper, and shirt at least, going by the separate items hitting the floor. So John was only in his pants, while he was stark naked.
“You kind of spaced out there,” John said, still a little worried by his flatmate’s lapse in awareness.
“That’s what Lestrade and Mycroft were trying to tell you earlier when you were sulking and raging like a stroppy little blotling,” John felt Sherlock glower at him for the comparison but pressed on anyway. “If you listened to them once in awhile they could actually help, too late for this one, now they just get a mess, but next time-”
Sherlock dug the beeping watch out of his pocket and turned it off, sitting up as well and stretching. He didn’t say anything just grumbled something and stood, trudging off towards their tank with John following close behind.
“That’s not funny,” John said, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder at the picture of a bigeye tuna. He certainly was more colorful than Sherlock was in fish form, with bright yellow streaking down the sides and a lighter blue on top. Sherlock was more black-blue and silver than John was, and of course, even as a fish, bigger.
John thought. Mycroft not knowing something and the fact that that pair of shark men wanted to take them to someone.
“Er, thank you,” John offered up at her, "seems like she wants you to share something,” John said to Sherlock nodding at Bellamy. Sherlock glared up at her for a moment before sighing and repositioning himself against her thumb facing John.
John sighed. It was ridiculous that he missed Sherlock even though the man had literally just been standing there. It felt even more ridiculous to have the urge to put down the laptop and go jogging after him. Sherlock had every right to go see his dragon on his own, he didn’t need John trailing along behind him everywhere he went. And yet, John wanted to.
“I don’t mind some danger, and I don’t think I’m going anywhere soon,” John replied, “And your brother is an arse.” Sherlock laughed at that, a deep snort against John’s neck that made him laugh as well.
Turning Mary into a client is about moving into the rational part of Sherlock’s brain, trying not to let emotion cloud it, even though it’s incongruous and unworkable. We’ll see Sherlock’s brain and heart slowly integrate, finally uniting in TFP, but for now he thinks rationality is the way forward. This also helps us to set out a framework for what happens with Mary in the EMP – clients are deduced, worked out, they present problems - never forget Mary being framed as the abominable bride – and that’s what is happening here. She is the first problem of the extended mind palace to be solved.
Sherlock stopped. He did not know. He had never said it to John. He had assumed so; he had ascertained that John was estranged from his parents, although they did not speak about it, and John had never shown the slightest inclination to see Harry. They had both gone to Sherlock’s parents’ house the previous Christmas, and although the invitation had once more been extended it had been with extreme trepidation, which Sherlock thought was only fair, really – he had, after all, drugged them the previous year. So he had politely declined his parents for both of them and said they would spend it together at Baker Street, and as a compromise his parents were to come up for drinks on Christmas Eve. But in all of these plans, he had never asked John.
It looks like Heaven, for want of a better description. The window with the light streaming through looks like the very top of a church window, and the beams suggest that the ceiling is like a kind of spire – and the spire in a church is meant to be closer to heaven, that’s part of the imagery. So there’s that side of things, and I really don’t think that’s a coincidence. However, the even weirder part is the partitioning of the room, for want of a better word. The wall ends at about chair height, and from there to the floor is – nothing? These aren’t mirrors because the chairs aren’t reflected. I have
(Everybody in the world has commented on the ‘it’s never twins’ line – but to reiterate its importance. Firstly, it’s almost identical to the line in TAB, just with ‘it’s’ instead of ‘it is’. TAB repeats lots of things though, because it’s a dream – well yes, but dreams can’t tell the future. So material from TAB being recycled doesn’t point to TAB being a dream, it points to TST being a continuation of the dream in TAB. The fact that they saw fit to reiterate this line in a series about secret siblings also puts paid to the theory that s4 was plotted in a rush and not in line with previous series – there is a theme here, and they’re pushing it.)
John finally got him down, Hyperion’s end of the bond quiet and still again, the dragon wearing himself out and falling back to sleep on John’s positive feelings and reassurances. Feeling worn from the sudden wake up and in need of some water John stood and headed for the stairs. He heard voices in the sitting room, neither one of them Mrs Hudson. John threw on his robe before heading down, almost certain the thunk of his cane on the stairs would announce his presence.
“Okay… Okay what do you want?” John asked backing away, eyes locked on the little silver penknife. “Whatever you want, it’s not worth killing him for it.”
“Boom... Boom,” she gasped in terror, realizing at the same time as the rest of the room what that meant.
Mycroft had said things like this occurred regularly, but did they usually end with him almost dying?
John awoke the next day to bright sunlight streaming into the crate, birds tittering somewhere far off, and general sounds of people working beyond the walls of his padded box. As he came around though there was one distinction his brain made, the tittering wasn’t birds: it was laughter, children laughing. John sat up, untangling the sheets from around his head as he rolled onto his elbow. He blinked sleepily at the blinding light in the wide open door, but as the world became more focused he noticed a line of heads peeking over the edge of the floor.
Sherlock nodded with a groaned, “uh-huh,” watching John lean over and pull a condom out of the pile, ripping it open.
Sherlock stretched up over John, sprouting many small tentacles of appendages from his surface to reach out and touch John again. He’d decided to change up the method of contact. Rather than being one big firm pressure he became many fingers dragging along John’s skin. If John had had goosebumps he was almost certain he’d be covered in them as he let a full body shiver take him. The sensation of Sherlock dragging his many fingers across his skin, some digging in and others almost tickling, was so damn erotic he wanted to encircle Sherlock and return the pleasure.
That night Sherlock threw a small fit over Mycroft being an overbearing fusspot who can’t let him have something nice in this hellhole. John stopped himself from laughing at his tantrum, because a man of Sherlock’s height and lankiness looked rather silly stomping about in the nude. He instead managed to coax Sherlock into his night wear of soft pyjamas and dressing gown, the man still grumbling at him even as John pulled the towel out of his wildly gesturing hands and dried him off first.
Hyperion did not believe him, the sensations that crossed the bond squeezed a little tighter tinged with doubt and an urge to comfort.
“What’ve you found?” John asked quietly, not wanting to break the calm veil that had descended over them. He glanced to Sherlock who chewed his lower lip for a moment in thought. What on earth could be so unusual about Jim of all people that it would give Sherlock pause rather than spilling a waterfall of information from his mouth. It turned the calmness to tension in John’s gut.
John stopped trying to talk, just waited for Sherlock’s form to unclench so he could maybe persuade his mate to come back to bed and they could try to discuss it again in the morning. But then the orangey tinge to Sherlock’s skin rapidly began to fade and his natural golden yellow returned and the sight made John’s mind recoil.
John wasn’t really sure what to do with that bit of information; a part of him wanted Sherlock to elaborate, considering that Victor had been to some degree physically abusive towards Sherlock; a sexual relationship of any kind couldn’t have been exactly healthy. Another part of him was shouting to drop the topic then and there. That opening that particular can of worms was not something he wanted to tackle just now with their relationship as flatmates being so new.
John barked out a laugh. Maybe shouldn’t have been laughing, the sheer number of fish Jim might have had employed as people would mean a massive smelly mess when they couldn’t all be tossed in the water soon enough. But the whole situation, the craziness of it, the happiness that it was all finally over, having Sherlock back safe and sound, left him unable to do anything but giggle hysterically. Sherlock joined him after a moment, the pair leaning against each other as they looked down at the dead fish.
Not too long after Sherlock left however John did get a tug on the bond, Hyperion trying to get his attention. Hyperion had picked up on John’s conflicted thoughts and he timidly shared that Sherlock was indeed with Bellamy, the snippet of very distant sounds fluttered across the bond, Sherlock opening the door across the hall and muffled baritone before the door closed again. The little bit of information did make John feel a little better and he thanked Hyperion for sharing it with him rewarding him a mental hug. With that he allowed himself to return to his Christmas shopping and maybe thoughts of dinner, and if he happened to also buy a Christmas sweater “to: Mycroft, from: Sherlock” while he was at it, well, that was just between him and Hyperion.
Some time in the night John was awakened by his bladder. Grumbling, he dug the torch out of his duffel, and slowly got up, pulling his coat over his shoulders and leaving the radiating warmth of Hyperion's body, preparing for the long chilly trek to the baths down the large hallway. The moment John opened the door he nearly pissed himself. The door banged into  something: his flashlight caught a tall figure and lit up a long white face briefly before the figure shoved the door closed again on John.
“Put them over there,” she ordered, pointing over to the stairs. Both of the shark men obeyed instantly, dragging Sherlock by the netting he was wrapped in and John by his wrists. “Sebbie, you have the restraints,” Jim said sweetly to the tall woman still keeping an eye on John. She pulled a handful of heavy-duty zip ties from her coat pocket and approached them, still not saying a word. John began to wonder if she could speak at all, his mind jumping to old mafia and pirate movies where tongues were removed to keep them from wagging about secrets.
“You planned this whole evening that far did you?” John said, not really meaning for Sherlock to answer. He looked out across the twinkling halls of the Aerie once more as his heart swelled at the thought. Sherlock had really planned for this evening, right down to Snö’s arrival and the timing of the snowfall which John hadn’t even been aware being in the cards for tonight. It was truly going to be a white Christmas at this rate, how rare. “Right down to the weather,” John murmured.
John’s next find answered many questions he had about Hyperion’s origins. In an alcove, well protected against the elements, below the giant tapestry emblazoned with Hyperion’s name, was a shrine. That’s the best word John could use to describe it. The cabinet was beautiful, made of a dark almost ebony colored wood, inlaid with light colored dragons facing each other when both the doors were shut. The handles, made of the same light colored wood, formed the division’s caduceus symbol on its shield. On the inside a multitude of photos had been stuck to the walls and the insides of the doors. There were shelves that held a handful of trophies, badges, and ribbons, marks of merit for tournaments or accomplishments.
“Hear that, Hyperion? Just have to walk a little further, then you will be home and you can rest,” John told him stroking a nostril. Hyperion groaned tiredly, pushing weariness and annoyance into his mind. “Come on, I know you are tired, but you can’t stay out here.”
“Sherlock, I don’t think we should be in here,” John called after him, looking out at the sand that, for all he knew, might contain eggs.
Morning came quietly to John. Sunlight streamed into the room and as he stretched and swung his legs off the bed he felt Hyperion’s end of the bond stirring as well. They had both slept peacefully after the nightmare and the encounter with Sherlock at the wee hours of the morning. At the thought of Sherlock John started listening for any noise downstairs, but none drifted up to greet him. Considering how late he’d come in John wouldn’t have been surprised if the curious man was still asleep, shut up in his room.
Sherlock seemed to gravitate to John, who hadn’t gotten to removing his coat and gloves just yet,  and set about removing them for him, carefully stripping John of the layers that had kept him warm from the snow over the last few hours. John hadn’t even noticed that the items were damp until he was exposed to the warmth of the room without them. Sherlock hung John’s coat next to his own on the rack, making a mildly humorous image of the two of them with sherlock’s tall coat next to John’s shorter one appearing to stand next to the door.
John thought, pushing positive feelings towards Hyperion even as his heart clenched at the thought of possibly crossing the hall to a corpse. The other end of the bond settled a fraction at the reassurance, thoughts of ‘stay careful, be safe, don’t get hurt’ littering the bond.
“Fine. John, take a seat, Sherlock approach!” Lestrade ordered, obviously fed up with Sherlock’s whinging. Sherlock stood and meandered to the center before the table while John sat down obediently, suddenly feeling apprehensive about what was about to become of Sherlock. The fact that Lestrade had dragged him in while all the other Masters were there couldn’t bode well for the rider.
John’s mind screamed at him alerting Hyperion to worry again and John to try and placate him and his own nerves. He turned and opened the door again. Sure enough, there was a human hand covered in cling film sitting on a white plate on the bottom shelf of the fridge. John shut the door again.
“Was told I was wrong for a couple decades, found out I was actually right, kind of an overwhelming thing, decided to come out here and talk to Bell for a while and plan out where to go from here. We didn’t catch the kidnapper, just stopped the bomb. I get a sneaking suspicion we’ll be hearing from them again.” Sherlock replied into John’s shoulder, with his head leaned against John’s.
Just as quickly as they’d taken flight it ended. A short, stomach-churning, weightless drop and John felt Bellamy’s wingbeats increase in speed, the rustling of trees, and then a sudden stop as she landed hindfoot first, then the rest following till she was solidly grounded again.
“Well I wouldn’t wear them personally,” John said with a laugh, “but I must admit you certainly caught my eye.”
Melinda was magnificent, a colorful smaller dragon, even shorter than Bellamy. She was mostly brilliant red with yellows on her belly, and darker burgundy mottling on her back. She had spots of black scales scattered like burnt out pixels in a vivid picture, rimming her eyes like permanent mascara. She even had little black horns, like crests of black eyelashes on her brows. John noticed how long she was in both body and neck, with a broad head like a viper. Her nose was short, with large, mossy green eyes close behind her nostrils. And just as he was staring Melinda opened her mouth in an absolutely gigantic yawn. The viperid comparison had been accurate as her maw split wide to reveal a pair of huge sickle-like fangs that unfolded from the roof of her mouth with the flexing of the powerful jaw muscles at the back of her head. She was incredible to look at and John felt a small pang of jealousy from Hyperion at the thought. John chuckled and gave the bit of mottled tan neck in front of him a pat.
“Because I actually like you,” John finally said and watched as Sherlock’s eyebrows rose. John didn’t understand what was so shocking about that. They’d been stuck together in the aquarium for weeks with only each other for company. Sure there was room to get away from Sherlock by going to another area of the building, but John found he never really wanted to, and now that there seemed to be someone out to get them he especially felt the need to stay near Sherlock.
“Want me to have my way with you?” John murmured, cheek pressed to Sherlock’s skin nuzzling against him. Sherlock’s mind keened a positive sound into his, the entire body below John wriggling and seeking more stimulation, anything John could give him.
“Now, everyone done, ready for a day of learning? Good. Off to class,” she said standing and grabbing her plate. “Remember your things. Didn’t get anything on your uniforms did you?” she added, making sure they all grabbed their book bags off the floor and the the backs of their chairs and giving a cursory check of their shirts for stains.
John followed him down the hall, amused by Sherlock’s small pang of self-consciousness over the state of the flat. Assuming he’d had time for the ‘proper wooing’ bit of his plan Sherlock probably would have had the flat cleaned up, but John didn’t really care about the mess. If anything he prefered to see it, because it was Sherlock. John knew Sherlock had his oddities, veering between absolute chaos and ridiculously neat when the mood struck. No point in trying to hide it now.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate and followed, quickly taking the lead from John as they walked towards the exit. John stopped in front of the open smaller door though, blocking Sherlock’s path.
“Here’s what you asked for, boss,” she said, dumping the load into Lestrade’s arms. She brushed her fluffy black hair out of her face with a playful smirk as Lestrade nearly buckled under the weight of the bundle.
The bond, Sherlock wanted John to give Hyperion the bond. John tried to focus on it, tried to share the feeling with Hyperion without all of his own tension and fear muddling it. He saw tendrils of Hyperion’s end of the bond in his mind and reached out for them. The best way for John to describe what he felt come from the other end was like Hyperion leapt up to met him, like a dog meeting his owner at the door. The happiest brightest feeling imaginable slammed into John’s end of the bond and suffused everything. Absolute bliss blew away the terror making John’s heart slam against his ribcage.
Sherlock swallowed and turned to John, hoping his blush had abated, forcing his lips into an innocent smile. “She’s fantastic.”
His voice was dull, uninflected, only because he could not show how much he cared. It would not be fair, he knew, on John.
We now discover what heart!John meant by “so many lies […] I don’t just mean you” earlier – his not-tryst with Eurus. Again, this is discussed in greater detail in an earlier chapter (
The first thing that I (and most of my friends) noticed about this scene, however, is that it’s not good. The writing is questionable, to say the least. The serious resolution to the problem of Magnussen’s murder is interrupted by Sherlock tweeting, brotherly bickering, hyperactive and possibly high Sherlock being played for comedy (complete with mock opera). And then, perhaps the worst lines of the show so far:
I don’t truly buy that (in this scene, at least) Mofftiss are critiquing their own show in a straightforward sense, because they have dealt with technology better than this (words on screen, technology as useful within mysteries), drugs better than this (John’s, Mycroft’s and Molly’s reactions to Sherlock’s behaviour as well as Sherlock’s own difficulties) and clever quips far better (pick any episode). But in deconstructing this show to its instantly recognisable elements, and making them worse to hyperbolise the point, that scene strips the show of its heart. Interestingly, it’s also stripped of John, who will be the metaphorical heart of Sherlock through the EMP, but is also the part of the show that is missing when it is caricatured as the Benedict-Cumberbatch-being-clever show. This is also a critique of most people’s perception of Sherlock Holmes as a character through history in the sense of the reductive cleverness – Mofftiss are showing us that this is completely empty.
“Besides,” Molly continued, “Christmas will be hard for John this year. No Mary. The first year is always the most difficult. The first Christmas without my dad, my mum couldn’t do anything. She just sat there, looking so, so lost. I know John and Mary didn’t have each other that long – but it’s sadder that way, really. A Christmas tree would be nice – try to get the spirit in. Remind him that life still goes on, of how much he’s got. That’s what we did with Mum.”
John felt his nose wrinkle inadvertently. Although he had the money for it now, he did not like the idea of private school. Sherlock laughed, and John belatedly realised that of course Sherlock would have been to one, probably all the way up from babyhood. “Sorry. Just not my cup of tea.”
He was relieved to see John crack a smile at the ridiculousness of the gift. “Yeah, alright.” Sherlock turned to go back to his experiment, but John interrupted him.
poem that I elaborated on in the TAB chapter of this meta: essentially, that it always being 1895 is a very bad thing! Craig’s mockery of this nostalgia puts it into more comprehensible modern terms for us, but it also links Thatcher and 1895 again as pasts to be broken with. It’s also important that Craig says that Thatcher is like Napoleon now – although the titles of most episodes are taken from ACD stories, it’s rare that an explicit reference is made to the link between the titles (nobody mentions scarlet vs. pink in ASiP, for example). This is the first time that I can find that
He hoped that Mary knew it too. He rolled over in bed, hearing the gentle whistle of Rosie’s breathing out and in. As he slipped into semi-consciousness, he sensed a soft breath of wind over his face in the still room. He hoped Mary was in agreement.
This, however, all takes place in Sherlock’s brain. In several scenes, we’ve had Sherlock engage with two concepts in his mind that he can’t know about; one is Sebastian Moran in
*Metafictionality is the defining idea around my EMP theory, so for anybody who’s not familiar I’m going to do a quick run down. The idea behind metafictionality is that Sherlock is aware of itself as being a work of fiction and deliberately plays with that – in this case, I’m arguing that the character Sherlock is subconsciously aware of the history of book/film/tv adaptations of Sherlock Holmes, and his existence outside Sherlock builds up to create his internalised homophobia. Sounds mad? Maybe. But stick with me here. The reason it’s taking so long for Sherlock to process his sexuality is not just because he’s repressed, but because he’s dealing with the weight of other Holmes adaptations – which is the reason arguably that a modern audience would also take so long to accept it, longer than were this character not such a huge part of the Western psyche.
Also, he knew that one day John and Rosie would leave. It was better not to get too attached. For Sherlock, that bridge had long been crossed, but he would rather that Rosie did not experience any separation trauma when the inevitable came.
Sherlock continued. “At some point you’ll have to choose between private and state, but that’s a bit overkill at primary school, I’d say.”
It was several long moments before the silence was broken by a sigh cracked with emotion, more emotion than Sherlock could have imagined. He twisted his head around immediately but it was too late. John had turned away.
song has an undeniable South Dublin accent.* This is quite possibly Yasmine Akram [Janine] rather than Andrew Scott, of course, but let’s not forget that these characters are resolutely similar, and hearing Jim’s accent in a genderless whisper is a pretty clear way of inflecting him into the image of the bride. In addition to this, Eustace then has ‘Miss Me?’ written on his corpse, cementing the link to Moriarty.
The fear of Moriarty coming back might sound like a tenuous symbol for John being in danger, but when we probe deeper the two are actually quite obviously equivalent. The only threat that Moriarty has ever posed to Sherlock is a threat to John’s life – the Semtex, burning the heart out of him, John Watson is definitely in danger, the sniper at the fall. This is Sherlock’s pressure point, and by getting rid of Moriarty, he’s getting rid of any danger to John – we know from his drug abuse etc. that his regard for himself is much lower. So Sherlock being woken from the dead to save John makes complete sense. He died for him, and now he’ll resurrect himself for him.
She would always be there with them on some level, Sherlock knew that. Such people do not just disappear. But seeing John there playing in front of the Christmas tree with his daughter, Sherlock could not help but deduce. John’s neck muscles, which had seemed permanently tight with strain, were relaxed. The hollow tautness of his cheeks had filled out in the last month, and the circles under his eyes which at one stage had resembled charcoal seemed to have been brushed away by time. His brow, once permanently furrowed, was still lined and worn, unmistakeably changed by Mary’s death, but today it was loose, even carefree. It was the first day he was not carrying her any longer. Not a day would go by when Mary would not enter John’s mind, Sherlock knew that. But it was mid-afternoon, and he wondered if she had yet. John would never forget her, and nor should he. But he was moving on.
But he did not let himself think about unless. Ever since 2010, unless had been the unthinkable. It was madness to think otherwise now.
TAB specifically deals with the question of those excluded from a Victorian narrative. This is specifically tied into to those who are excluded from the stories, such as Jane and Mrs. Hudson. Mrs. Hudson’s complaint is in the same scene as John telling her and Sherlock to blame the problems on the illustrator. This ties back to the deerstalker metaphor which is so prevalent in this episode; something that’s not in the stories at all, but a façade by which Holmes is universally recognised and which as previously referenced masks his queerness. Women, then, are not the only people being excluded from the narrative. When Mycroft tells us that the women have to win, he’s also talking about queer people. This is a war that we must lose.
Others have pointed out that when Sherlock falsely deduces that the client’s wife is a spy working for Moriarty, he should really be talking to John – and, in fact, this is another proof that this isn’t really, because otherwise this is pretty touchy stuff to be making light of in front of John. Instead, let’s remember this is Sherlock’s Mind Palace – John isn’t John here. What Sherlock does a lot in s4 – and nowhere more than the finale of TST – is displace a lot of his real world problems onto other people because he cannot handle the emotional impact of them, and that’s what he’s doing here. He’s trying to come to terms with the danger that Mary poses, but he can’t do it with John – hence why this scene has a John substitute, because that’s what the client is.
Mary’s death scene is where all of this – finally! – comes to fruition. Note the blue lighting over the London Aquarium, even the London Eye, to match the underwater aesthetic, before we move into the aquarium. Admittedly, both do that anyway, but it’s a nice look – they didn’t just pick the middle of the day for it.
John hadn’t touched an advent wreath since he was a kid, but in Sherlock’s peculiar drive to make things Christmassy it was one of the far too many items overspilling the Baker Street mantlepiece. John did not mind this; Sherlock’s panicked kindness and overcompensation for the Christmas that should have been, Rosie’s first Christmas with her mum, had led to the brightest Baker Street John had ever seen, even if in number alone the decorations were beginning to look gaudy. Sherlock’s own sense of taste had stopped anything too twee, saccharin or annoying from making it into the house, and John was glad for the lack of bells or other noise-making decorations which he remembered from childhood Christmases as deeply irritating. An advent wreath was much more in line with Sherlock’s sense of propriety.
I confess that Mary’s travel montage bores me somewhat, although I’m tempted someday to go through all the graffiti and montages with a fine tooth comb to see if anything can be come up with. I am, however, running out of time to write this before term starts for me! Let’s jump onto the idea that not even Sherlock Holmes can anticipate the roll of the dice. The theme of Sherlock being able to predict the future comes up a few times in this episode, and I’ve mentioned before how this is a set up for us to doubt the premise of TLD, that he suddenly has quasi-magic predictive powers. Here, he seems to, and then it is immediately undercut, because he says that he placed a tracker inside the memory stick. All very funny – except it doesn’t make sense. I confess I didn’t notice this, but my mum did straight away – if you have a tracker, you can follow someone, but you can’t arrive somewhere before them. It’s not possible. This is an aspect of Sherlock’s predictive power that doesn’t make sense – and we might be able to just about buy it on his ‘mathematical probability’ shtick, except he’s just told us that that’s a load of rubbish. This leaves us in a situation that is impossible – and isn’t too much of a problem, because it’s just a device, but is a huge setup for the impossibility of the next episode. It also speaks to a dreamscape again, because where else are you exactly where you need to be when you need to be there, with no explanation?
is the one which articulates the problem of EMP theory most specifically. Jenny, our John mirror, dies because her protector’s unconsciousness means that she can’t protect her wife. (Vastra’s Silurian abilities very much put her into the role of protector here – she could save Jenny where Jenny couldn’t save herself, and frequently does.)
Molly seemed to notice the uncharacteristic uncertainty in his silence, for she stepped in. “Honestly. Sweep him up in the Christmas spirit. Let him know he’s still got a family, just a different one. You’re spending Christmas Day together, right?”
Moving on – before we go back to Baker Street, there’s a shot of the outside – that features a mirror, reflecting back on 221B in a distorted, twisted way. Another mirror that is wrong – we’re reflecting in an alternate reality. These images keep popping up. It’s echoed in Sherlock’s deduction a few seconds later – by the side of his chair is what looks like either a car mirror or a magnifying glass, possibly the one from the Charlie scene, distorting his arm. It’s placed to look like a magnifying glass, whether it is or not, which ties in with the classic image of Holmes – but that image is distorted, remember.
features in TEH, other than that it is the moment when Sherlock comes back. Others have commented on the minor relevance of Moran to the story and hypothesised that Mary is the real Moran – I think that the facade scene presents that as a genuine possibility. I don’t want to overstate the similarities that
The first clue is that her prison is called Sherrinford. We all assumed that the third Holmes sibling was going to be Sherrinford back before s4, and it seemed that way in the beginning, with Mycroft mentioning speaking to Sherrinford several times, construing it as a person rather than a place. This is no coincidence – for those who aren’t familiar with the history of the stories, Conan Doyle’s original name for his protagonist was Sherrinford Holmes, which he later changed to Sherlock. That Eurus is trapped inside Sherrinford is a clear suggestion that Eurus is something that’s trapped inside Sherlock – a dangerous MP entity. More important than that, Sherrinford is the version of Holmes
Not only is it a great video, but for British people of Mofftiss’s age, it’s culturally iconic and not something that would be forgotten when choosing that song for Jim. Queen were intending to lampoon
). It’s one of the many repeats of lines from earlier in the Mind Palace, but it suggests that after his almost complete revelation about love, the final simulation is at last ready to run. The comparison to TAB is important, because TAB is a rerunning of Moriarty’s death with different players so that he can understand it. We’ve got the same thing happening here – he’s rereunning his own assassination attempt so that he can finally understand what is going on. This is why TAB is so important – we thought it stood by itself, but it’s actually the key to unlock most of s4! More repeats happen as Sherlock meets Norbury – ‘the final act’ is a repeat, as is ‘I never could resist a touch of the dramatic’, which is mentioned in TAB as well as in ACD canon. Sherlock thinks he’s cracked it, but he’s still quoting previous iterations of himself, which is a sure sign that he’s not being true to Sherlock, only to Holmes, and that something is going to go wrong.
With this in mind, let’s delve back into the MP to see how that might give this moment greater emotional significance. Chapter 10 X is on the hug scene, and that will deal with John’s revelation of his infidelity in greater detail. For the moment, the most important thing to remember is that John Watson is not real!John – he is heart!John. In other words, we are seeing a similarly heterosexualised re-enactment of Sherlock’s relationship with John.
At the very end of the episode, the Doctor’s reflection is still the Dream Lord, suggesting that this isn’t some psychic drug phenomenon, an explanation which was frankly crap. The Doctor’s dark side is still inside him. This feels like an allegory for mental illness, and mental illness crops up aplenty in Moffat’s depictions of the Doctor, particularly the later we get – the seeds of it are here. Again, although Sherlock is being killed rather than killing himself, we have seen the suicidal side of him before and it is made clear in TAB that his opinion of himself is low. EMP s4 is about him coming to terms with how he views himself, and the cognitive dissonance that we see in Amy’s Choice is a nice separation of the psyche in two that foreshadows the immense splintering that’s going to come in EMP, but particularly between John, Mycroft and Eurus.
Rosie was playing on the floor with some alphabet blocks that Mummy Holmes had dropped around a couple of weeks before; she knew the flat was not large and was careful not to overload them with possessions, but had offloaded several of Sherlock and Mycroft’s old toys onto Rosie over the last few months. She had long resigned herself to a lack of grandchildren from her boys; Mycroft had always been disdainful of the prospect, and Sherlock… Well. He didn’t know what she thought there. But he had a suspicion that she knew. Mothers always do.
“Trust me, it is,” Sherlock said as he slipped under the quilt beside John and Rosie. He was very close, John suddenly realised; the sofa was not large, and he could feel the rise and fall of Sherlock’s breath under the quilt that they shared. A frisson of electricity ran through him as Sherlock’s leg rubbed against his own, and he let out the breath that he had not realised he had been holding. This would be a long night, aware of Sherlock’s every oblivious movement beside him.
John looked abashed to see Sherlock rising so early. “Sorry. I didn’t want her to wake you. But – the snow, I guess.”
Except, in the final scene of TLD, without the help of Therapist!Eurus, Sherlock has finally sussed John – it has taken until Culverton’s confession to recognise that John is suicidal without Sherlock (Chapter 9 X). The sigh of relief that is the hug scene (Chapter 10 X) is a kind of acknowledgement of that relief that he’s finally worked out what he’s been trying to cover up with drugs – so much so, that he misses the obvious, which is that John is suicidal again. When John leaves his cane with Sherlock in the hospital, it is a reminder of the first time he is suicidal, and Sherlock doesn’t make the immediate leap in his comatose haze that this is what his psyche has been trying to tell him. Hence you have this moment of immense relief and fade out at the end of the hug scene which suggests the end of the episode, and could feasibly end Sherlock’s life, except we’re started awake with a much more abrupt and troubling ending scene – Therapist!Eurus shooting John. Because, of course, if Sherlock is gone again, John must be suicidal again, and it has taken a few scenes of cognitive dissonance for this to clock. Indeed, it’s not Sherlock himself who clocks – Gay Trauma in the form of Eurus!Therapist returns and shoots John for us. This shooting isn’t, of course, permanent (in one of the worst cliffhanger resolutions in TV history), but that’s because it’s not real – it hasn’t happened yet. It is Sherlock, through MP!Eurus, finally recognising the problem – John.
“Oh, I saw him come up here while we were settling that hatchling, don’t know where he went after that though. He’s kind of flighty like that,” Mike said, in regards to Sherlock’s whereabouts.
“Well, th-th-that’s good. I guess,” John stuttered out, eyes sweeping over the dragon again. He glanced over his shoulder in the direction of the camp and back at Hyperion.
Sherlock responded by flattening himself even further over John, melting onto him as much as possible without completely encasing John inside himself. They looked rather like a jelly ravioli like this, a pale yellow exterior with a red filling. The various analogies to earth food that their physical appearance and contact looked like were not lost on John, who rippled a little pushing upwards into the blanket that was Sherlock.
“Bit you?” Mycroft interrupted a single thin eyebrow raising sharply in Sherlock’s direction, the man not paying them any mind as he continued peeling things off his face and toweling himself dry of slime and water, still completely in the buff.
“S’okay Hyperion, she’s helping me,” John told him as she tried rotating his arm again, the motion forcing a strained groan out of him. He stopped hovering but laid his head down right next to John next to the mat, keeping an eye on the lady who was making his rider hurt again.
“Yes, someone is making these people take it, I don’t know how, but they are being forced to.” Sherlock looked so frustrated by that, the fact that he couldn’t or hadn’t yet figured it out.
“Freakish?” Sherlock supplied, looking at John out of the corner of his eye. John felt a bit like he was being silently judged for something he hadn’t said.
John thought as he peeked over the wall to see the red dragon and the woman back in the saddle, perched on the neck of the now downed black. She took her beast to the sky once more to rejoin the flashing scales above.
John paused his tirade to respond to the new comment. “I was in the military.” Not that that meant much; there were plenty of military men who had much more than John’s sparse bits and pieces.
John felt hands rolling and lifting his shoulders, dragging his feet up the stairs and laying him out on the cool concrete beside the pool.
“Good,” Sherlock replied, the confusion in his face dissipating, he still turned to go to his room however, and John had a long moment in the quiet as he made their tea, Sherlock’s toothrottingly sweet, and his bland with milk, no sugar, to overthink that one word and the fact that Sherlock had gone into his room again. He’d scared him off, maybe. They’d shared a couple of hugs before, the touches had become more frequent, but that one had felt a like a bit more, at least to John. Maybe voicing it so suddenly had spooked him. The sound of the shower running eased those thoughts away marginally.
He pushed Sherlock down, giving off a playful growl as he shuffled on top of Sherlock. Sherlock’s own emotions radiated out with excitement, not knowing what John was about to do tonight and absolutely thrilled by it.
The rough voiced one pulled out a smartphone and started fiddling with it while the weaselly one pulled a large toolbox from under the workbench. While they were distracted John tried to move again. He managed to grasp the feeling of control again, tentatively but at least enough to feel like he had command of his own mass again. He rippled his skin, nothing too severe to raise his captor’s suspicions, a scared pulse of tiny spines shivered across his surface.
“Oh yes, and you,” Sherlock murmured, stopping to look at John as he stood and gathered his own things. John looked up at him, not quite understanding what he meant by that. The usual coldness wasn’t in his eyes as he contemplated John for a moment. Then he turned and headed towards the doors, leaving John to catch up.
“It was foolish to do the things I did and bring up your sister,” Sherlock insisted, arms still wrapped around John’s chest pinning his arms down.
“It wasn’t just dinner,” Sherlock said, waking John from the imagined eternity of being lost in his eyes with a miniscule start. Sherlock broke the eye contact, fishing his mobile out of a coat pocket.
John took the bag. “Thank you,” he said quietly, still not moving from his place in front of Mycroft, who continued to fiddle with that damn phone. A still angry part of him wanted to smash the phone and demand Mycroft talk.
John did think Hyperion’s quarters were a bit bare, but with Mycroft’s Damir and Bellamy’s pits for comparison he honestly had no idea what was really ‘proper’ furnishing. From what Hyperion had shared with John, his dwelling hadn’t really changed all that much since he was small aside from some cabinets and what plants were there and their replacements when they died or were burned.
“I rather that not happen, yeah. It hasn’t been ridiculous, it’s romantic, a romantic first date on Christmas Eve with snow.” John smiled at that, he was sure any number of his past partners would have killed for the level of sentimentality that Sherlock had pulled off that evening.
“And Victor took that,” Lestrade said coolly, “as did every other rider that’s been roomed with Sherlock since Mycroft became a Master. You’re the first person to actually turn the offer down.”
Sherlock slid backwards deciding to pursue more erogenous regions of John’s body. He pushed his knees between John’s, who parted his legs so Sherlock could kneel between them, and buried his face in the base of John’s cock,mouthing at the spot between balls and shaft. John’s breath left him at the sudden feeling of lips and tongue, oh yes that definitely felt good.
“Any number of horrific things I’m sure, there are some parts of the world that still consider certain small breeds to be a delicacy for eating, use their skins for fashion, their bones and organs for bogus remedies. If they even survive to hatching maybe they’re sold as pets to the underground, some drug lord wants something exotic, never touches the hatchling, lets it turn feral, keeps it in a collection till it gets too large, kills it and it becomes a trophy. Could be sold to a terrorist group; did you ever wonder during the your adventures at the war front where the enemy got their dragons? Constantly sacrificing them to the war before they are mature breeding age, the stock has to come from somewhere. It’s either steal feral eggs like the Dark Ages if they’re lucky, or pay an obscene amount of money to have the eggs smuggled from an Aerie. It appears our victim was guilty of the latter.” The picture Sherlock painted was grim at best, and so far the worst thing John had heard involving the whole sort of society surrounding dragons. Sherlock began to pick up speed again, as they talked he had been leading John down the street and through a couple alleyways. Sherlock stopped and turned abruptly in the middle of the ally they’d gone down.
With a put-upon sigh Mycroft looked towards the window and said, “Put your clothes on.” John was slightly thankful for the polite head turn to grant him some level of privacy as he struggled into his things even though Mycroft had already seen him in the buff at least a couple of times.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it,” John said realizing Sherlock had only mentioned Anthea in her position as First Officer to Mycroft, not as a closer romantic partner.
They took turns gently sucking at each other’s lips, Sherlock parting to take John’s lower lip in his before letting go and John kissing into the lovely cupid’s bow above Sherlock’s. And in the middle of it all Sherlock began rutting, slowly rubbing himself into John’s lap, his fingers increasing the pressure of their equally leisurely circles on John’s gills.
“Yes. The hatchlings lay out and dry a little, get used to breathing air and stretch out of their eggs, and then their riders feed them. They get all messy and dirtied up with the first feed and that is when the bonding begins, that first contact made over food.” He glanced over at Hyperion, who had closed his eyes again, and back at John. “If an injury were to happen it would be there; a clumsy tooth here a flailing claw there, but nothing serious usually happens. The riders name them after that. Then the pairs are lifted onto fancy litters and carried to their assigned pit to get cleaned up. After that, they sit and bond properly for five days straight, like you’ll be doing now.” Lestrade finished. The whole event sounded intriguing to John. He still had no idea how riders ended up with their dragons and his was no means of comparison.
Sherlock seemed perfectly fine with ignoring the woman’s admonishment, but John couldn’t ignore it. “We’re sorry ma’am, we didn’t know this area was occupied. Sherlock and I had no intention to disturb, er, her.” John told her tactfully. He gave Sherlock a pointed look and nod in the woman’s direction, hoping to prompt him to apologize as well.
John leaned against the edged of the fountain, breathing hard, and scrubbed a hand over his face only to rub bloody gunk down his forehead, nose, and chin, as if he wasn’t grimy enough. He sighed, looking at that hand, and realized that the sudden swell of anger he felt was being washed away by the bond. Hyperion sent strong waves of concern across tinged with comfort and his own restrained smidge of sadness at the confession that his rider didn’t want to fly with him. “This whole bond thing… I, god, I just love him… but flying…” John was struggling with it now, the conflict of interests, he’d been putting it off and skirting around the topic; whenever it came up in his thoughts he’d veered away from it. John spun and quickly dunked his hand in the cool fountain, splashing the water on his face, trying to clean the muck off, sputtering and gasping as the coolness grounded his whirling thoughts while he rested an elbow of the fountain rim.
“That’s Molly, she says she’s on her way over.” Another grumpy snort from Hyperion accompanied the announcement as Lestrade texted a reply.
“Got bored one night while you were out and went through your room,” Sherlock said with a heavy sigh. John could almost see his muscles beginning to tense as though he was expecting another onslaught of some kind to come with his answer.
Small teams of people moved onto the field from alcoves to help remove and carry the harnesses of the ones coming in. Some of the ones leaving had people following them and putting on their gear and saddles on the field, which made John’s brain swerve briefly towards Sherlock’s Bellamy, who had had her saddle on the entire time every time he’d seen her.
John ended up sitting on Sherlock, one arm held behind his back as the other flailed for purchase. The only reason Sherlock wasn’t out from under him at that very moment was apparent by the choked laughter being forced out of him by John’s other hand digging in just below his ribs.
“Would you have asked if the scars weren’t there?” Sherlock said, annoyed that his brain wasn’t already beginning to slow and quiet under John’s ministrations.
Mycroft ignored her, stepping up to John and Sherlock, “I trust my brother is in good health,” he said to John, eyes surveying Sherlock’s limp but otherwise clean state, the small cut on his cheek the only bit of damage caused by the brutes.
John worried about what would happen to Sherlock and himself if they didn’t leave before the police arrived. Being unable to leave the aquarium, especially with the knowledge that someone out there wanted them, meant they couldn’t go to jail. Not unless the police really wanted an unpleasant fishy smelling surprise come morning. And Sherlock was not coming round; he still lay, limp, in John’s arms.
“I’ve already met the rest of you. Master Lestrade and Commander Donovan of course, and Master …” John blanked for a moment on a name, he knew the man at the end of the table was Henry but that wasn’t his last name and the soldier part of him, even in the informality of the situation, wouldn’t let John say ‘Master Henry.’
John chuckled when Sherlock’s nose scrunched as if at a remembered scent; surely other flatmates had attempted that combination before.
“Excellent deduction, but I not only bought dinner, I bought us a nice tasty filling Italian dinner sure to be full of flavor that I for one have been missing for ages, oh eater of squid bits and pellets,” John said gleefully. He handed Sherlock one of the bags to carry and drew him back into the depths of the aquarium, with a hand on the small of his back, to enjoy their meal.
“That’s a spectacular backfire,” mumbled a lovely baritone behind him, and John turned to see Sherlock, lying naked as the day he was born on the grating and smiling at him. John wasted no time gathering Sherlock up in a tight hug, burying his nose in Sherlock’s neck, kissing his jaw, so so happy that it had worked, that destroying that old book had reversed whatever curse Jim had laid on him.
“You had a large box of possessions come in the post from her home. Fabric picks up scents, nearly all of your clothes smelled of her, especially if they’re something she borrowed and wore like your jacket. You’re both roughly the same height I assume. She borrowed it often to use while she was out riding her bicycle and I know that because if you look at the wrists there’s evidence of her maintaining it, there’s a faint pattern on the sleeves indicating that she uses an old toothbrush to clean the chain before lubricating it and there are stains from that as well. She’s not poor, that is obvious by the fact that in a fit of alcohol fueled packing she tossed a laptop and a phone into your box, so why would she wear your old jacket when she could buy a new one unless it was for sentimental reasons?” Sherlock continued his ramble, pointing out how he knew anything at all about Harry. It was, as always, impressive how much Sherlock could deduce. But one odd thought sprung out from the whirl that had cropped up now that Sherlock had started.
John’s legs still felt about the consistency of jelly as Master Lestrade led him away. The continued exposure to the cool night air helped clear his head some after the stressful ordeal of the flight, but it would still take some time before he would feel like he wasn’t about to collapse. He looked back at the open crate where Hyperion was still curled and dozing. John didn’t want to be separated from him again; if anything, in that moment he wanted to plaster himself to his dragon and never let go. Lestrade seemed to notice his hesitancy and once they were out of the clutter of people, moving things about like ants dismantling a newfound biscuit, he turned with him to watch as they began coaxing Hyperion out of the container. The dragon groaned lazily but obeyed as Aerie staff helped him uncurl himself a bit, letting him stick his long neck out and get some cool fresh air to bring him around. John got a dimmed projection of happiness from him as he took in fresh London air; John had almost forgotten this was Hyperion’s home as well where Hyperion had been born and raised. The Aerie was more his home than it was John’s; it may be in London, but the Aerie itself was alien territory for John.
“Sherlock, even if you solve it how do we let this person know?” John asked, the thought coming to him suddenly as he sat next to the other rider. Sherlock sat quietly in his thinking pose, palms pressed together in front of his lips.
“Legitimate attempts to drive you away. As my brother has been so keen to remind me, caring is not an advantage, love is a defect found in the losing side.” An eerily close mimic of Mycroft’s voice quoted the phrase snidely. “But you stayed and not only did you stay, you weren’t like the others, you were a soldier and an enigma. You shot someone for me. We’d just met, you didn’t know me.” The gloves finally slid away from Sherlock’s eyes even though he still wasn’t looking at John.
John won out in the end. Sherlock began telling him about a case that had involved a homeless man found frozen to death on the front step of a shop in the middle of winter. Turned out the homeless man wasn’t homeless at all, but a rather wealthy banker who had been dressed in rags after being murdered and was placed there. Sherlock had been called in to help figure out who did it and why.
“Hello John. I heard you were looking for me,” Helen said. He could see her better now; she had a lovely face with a dark complexion and long black hair streaked with grey done back in a ponytail, and she was smiling at him.
“Nope,” Sherlock popped the P in the word. “Only things otherwise are snackbar food near the penguins and picking the locks on the soda and snacks in the gift shop. We’d have to leave the building for anything better. Once I came to my senses and was aware of being a fish I gave in and started eating the fish food, at least it’s nutritious,” Sherlock said, his mouth pulling in a moue of disgust.
“Children? Oh, oh yes! come in,” Jim said, setting the chalk down and raking hands through his hair, streaking the black with chalky white strands. He straightened his clothes as well, tugging on the waistcoat he wore and the cuffs and collar of his shirt, trying to hastily fix his somewhat disheveled appearance.
“I was only telling him the truth.” Sherlock looked down at John with a raised eyebrow. “Surely you would agree that telling him what he did wrong would be better than letting the children go with gaps in their education?”
“Sorry,” he apologized, looking down and concentrating on his still full plate. “Nothing, Mrs Hudson,” He said before tucking in. Quietly eating as the rest of the table’s occupants chattered amongst themselves and, for the most part, forgot he was there altogether.
John noticed the direction of her gaze and set down the bag, unpacking its contents and showing the plastic and foil packages to her. “It’s just food, it’s okay. Angelo sent it, I don’t know if you’ve met him, he’s good, he doesn’t want to hurt Sherlock either,” John told her calmly as she craned her neck closer, nostrils flaring and tongue flicking out to inspect the offering.
“I only ask because everyone else in this Aerie seems to be paired off with someone, Lestrade has Dimmock, Molly has Sally and Irene, I heard there’s a healthy polyamorous relationship of four over in the transit division, speaking of, Soo Lin has Andy, you had Victor, even Jim has Moran…” John trailed off when he saw Sherlock twitch at the mention of Victor. Sherlock sat up slowly and scrubbed both hands down over his face with another heavier sigh.
“Momentarily, there will be a brief radio silence as we are lifting off, but we’ll be right back and talking to you as soon as we level off and get going in the right direction,” the rider responded. The crate rocked as the dragon shifted its weight. John had a moment to look out the window and see the other carrier lifting off before his own decided to do the same and the initial push pressed him down into the padding. The take-off shook the crate and John felt like his heart was about to explode. He heard giant wings beating and saw the ground fall away outside the windows. He clung to Hyperion with his good hand, as the quick jerky up and down motion of lift off threw his stomach into his throat. Hyperion seemed to be pushing as much comfort at John as he could while John curled up against his neck, breathing hard and trying not to hyperventilate right at the beginning of the flight. The world was spiraling out of control for him and it wasn’t stopping anytime soon.
Suddenly, Rosie extended her arm and pointed up at him. “She-wock!” Her pronunciation was questionable at best, but his name was clearly recognisable.
As well as that, tweets from Arwel Wyn Jones (production designer) and Douglas MacKinnon (TAB director) here
The symbol of water runs through TAB as well as s4 – others have written fantastic meta on why water represents Sherlock’s subconscious (
Sherlock looked over John’s shoulder. “Meet Me in St. Louis. Some children try to commit mass murder. It’s glossed over though.” John looked over at him, worried. “Honestly. It’s appropriate, I swear. Not just because I’m accustomed to serial killings. Plus, she won’t remember anyway.” He placed the pile of quilts he had borrowed from Mrs. Hudson at John’s feet and started to arrange them. “Plus, it’s actually quite good,” he added begrudgingly. “Daddy always used to make us watch it at Christmas. Mycroft hates it. I pretended to hate it too for ages. Daddy would kill me if he knew I was voluntarily watching it, the fight Mycroft and I used to put up.”
All of this lines up pretty evenly with HLV until the moment when Sherlock is shot. Admittedly there are minor changes to the Smallwood plot line (who committed what indiscretion), but these are minor and seem to be to make the plot work in the modern day – nobody cares if someone has a working-class ex anymore. But we get
Rosie gurgled at him as he placed them around the room; the ornamental crib, the fake holly, the fir cones and coloured candles. He could not bring himself to defile the workspace that was the kitchen with them, but the sitting room felt very spruce by the time he had finished with it. He toyed with placing some in John’s room, for Rosie, but he had not been in there since John moved back in. There were never any boundaries before the fall; now, with John grieving, it felt like a private space, closed off to Sherlock. So he left it.
. He tells them that he is really sorry about their daughter, which at an earlier point in the show might just be a classic Sherlock slip-up. But mixing up genders is actually something which happens quite a lot in this show, and it’s something drawn attention to as significant in TAB.
I amused myself whilst writing this meta by coming up with referential chapter titles – the song to title this chapter can be found here! (
I’m certainly not the first to point out that Faith!Eurus is a mirror for John, nor will I be the last – people jumped on it pretty much as soon as TLD aired. There are a few good reasons for this. Firstly, she walks with a cane, a throwback to ASiP – in case we’d forgotten, however, Sherlock has a flashback to John walking with a cane to make the link explicit. We are supposed to link these two characters, the authors are saying pretty clearly. Faith!Eurus is also suicidal, which John was at the start of ASiP, as made clear by the fact he carried a gun – and Faith!Eurus does the same. Sherlock also takes her out for food (for more on the food/sex metaphor, see here
Molly was looking at him, concerned. John broke the gaze he was holding with Sherlock’s mother and turned back to her. “Thank you, Molly. I’ll try to look out for him.”
We should also pause over Mycroft asking Sherlock whether he’s having a premonition – Mycroft is laughing at the concept of Sherlock being able to envisage the future here, which we should remember when it comes to the frankly ludicrous plot of the next episode. Much like the much commented upon “it’s not like it is in the movies” which is there to undermine TST, this line is here to undermine TLD and point out the fact that it can’t possibly be real.
(We should also notice that the use of Twitter is important – it underlies a lot of the glib comedy in this episode, with Sherlock later Tweeting #221BringIt (which is so unbelievably queer?). In
He did not count the prayers he had learned by rote in his schooldays. He did not remember them now; they had never carried any power for him. Even when he was shot in Afghanistan, he had not reached out to a god. Please, let me live. He knew that his fate lay in the hands of the man who had held the gun; he had never deceived himself that there was someone watching over him. John Watson believed that life was hard, and that you made your own way.
He did not pray to a god tonight. He still did not believe, and did not think he ever would. Tonight he was speaking to Mary.
However, I want to suggest that Sherlock’s psyche isn’t nearly so straightforward as a tug of war between the brain and the heart. Whilst MP!Mycroft undoubtedly represents the oppressively reasonable part of Sherlock’s psyche, that’s not the only thing repressing him – it can’t be. If it were simply a rejection of ‘sentiment’, this wouldn’t be the powerful queer love story we know it to be – there is a lot more internalised homophobia being dealt with than just love being illogical.
The little sleep he had managed to get the previous night had been filled with forbidden thoughts, thoughts of what could be. He had imagined Rosie growing up and never leaving Baker Street. He had imagined the years passing like the seasons, and John remaining in his chair beside the fire, opposite Sherlock, as their future stretched on into eternity. He imagined John’s soft embrace, kissing his head once again and then kissing him more, with all the tenderness he felt for him. The tenderness he had always felt for him. It was both a curse and a blessing that John was not a more observant man.
We’re no stranger to dreams within dreams at this stage, but it’s interesting how the saving-the-companion vibe is still going strong here. Ostensibly, that’s not what the episode is about at all – it’s a classic everyone-trapped-on-a-base-working-together episode, but the last five minutes tacked on the end suggests that it’s far more about the Doctor’s relationship with Clara, the episode’s companion, than one might think. In this clip (
, Jenny is supposed to lock up before they go into their trance, but she forgets. Intruders break in, but because Jenny and Vastra are unconscious they can’t defend themselves and so Jenny is murdered. This is the spur for everybody to wake up, to save themselves. Pretty much all of our dream states in Doctor Who are focused on the possibility of dying in the outside world, but
There is more reference than necessary made to dream crabs making one blind, and between Madame Kovarian and the blind Doctor in the later dream episode
But Sherlock was already pulling off his trademark blue scarf and wrapping it around John’s neck, tucking it into his woollen jumper. John did not have expensive tastes, and the soft touch of cashmere would normally have felt slightly alien, even discomfiting in all of its luxury. But somehow today it felt just like home.
For all his mnemonic powers, Sherlock frequently forgot to do his Christmas shopping until the 23rd or so, often calling in last minute favours from high street vendors to secure something technically sold out that wouldn’t seem too shabby, or simply not bothering in the case of Mycroft. This year, however, Mrs. Hudson had reminded him early.
“I mean no. It wasn’t unfair. I offered 221B. I offered to help you with Rosie for as long as you needed, no strings attached. And no – I don’t want you to leave.” He gulped, afraid he’d said too much. “I don’t want either of you to leave. Unless you want to leave. In which case I obviously won’t stop you –“ He was fumbling now, and he knew it, but John stepped in to save him.
Well. Early for him. Mrs. Hudson had assured him that the ninth of December was not early, and that he must get on with it right away. And so he sat in his bedroom in Baker Street, thinking. Browsing irritated him. There was too much noise, pushing in on his brain, too many people. He preferred to know what he wanted.
An important note, therefore, is that John in this moment is one of the only times we see hypothesis!John rather than heart!John – because Sherlock is trying to understand the danger John is in. It is truly heartbreaking to hear Martin Freeman’s cries here, and the more so to imagine that this is Sherlock’s dying understanding of what John is going through.
be in Eurus’s mind. When we watch film/tv, we make one of two assumptions – either we have the omnipotent view, like in most films, where we’re guided by the director but everything we see is ultimately objectively true, or we see through somebody else’s eyes (rarer). These can be played with – think of a film like
, I really recommend it – it’s often cited as the best film of the last 20 years, and watching it really helps to see where TAB came from and the genre it’s operating in. David Lynch is one of the only directors to do the dream-exploration-of-the-psyche well, and I maintain that a lot of the fuckiness in the fourth series draws on Lynch. However, what I actually want to point out about
“Da,” Rosie affirmed, and both men starting laughing uncontrollably in a kind of hysterical joy. John kissed Rosie emphatically. “You clever girl. I always said she was clever, didn’t I, Sherlock? Da. You’re brilliant, you are.” A tremendous warmth filled Sherlock, not just on behalf of Rosie this time, but to see John so joyous.
He raised Rosie up, holding her at arm’s length to avoid the kicks coming from her limbs, and marched down the stairs to strap her into the pram. Whatever was wrong with Sherlock, he would sort out at a later date, but right now he could only deal with one infantile tantrum, and he had a strong feeling he would need a brisk walk to ward off one of his own.
Others have pointed out that Gatiss wielding a pen in this scene means that he is speaking at least partially as Mofftiss, not just as brain!Mycroft – hence we have wonderful lines such as mentioning that all the best secret societies have acronyms (cough tjlc cough) and that he hates loose ends. A little reassurance there.
Mary is the housemaid who has broken in to shoot Magnuessen/Milverton – so far so good. Although Holmes was hidden in the original stories, he was still present and sympathetic; the logical canon-following route here is for Mary to kill Magnussen, and that’s exactly what Sherlock expects her to do – but she doesn’t. She shoots him instead, and Sherlock can’t understand this. As we’ll see, he spends the rest of HLV trying to justify this pattern-breaking to himself, and is finally unable to.
[*the South Dublin accent is my accent, so although we hear a half-whispered song for all of five seconds, I’m pretty certain about this]
John’s eyes could not help but flicker towards Sherlock, who was studiously looking at the ground, yet John saw an unmistakeable smile playing at the edges of his lips. John felt a warmth spreading in his chest that had nothing to do with the magic of Christmas – that little introspective smile that only Sherlock wore, and at being called Rosie’s dad of all things. He knew they should clear up the mistake, but having seen Sherlock’s quiet pride at Father Christmas’s words, John thought perhaps that Father Christmas did not need to know.
Money was no object. Mary had left him plenty, something that John struggled to get his head around. He did not like to think of how that money had been earned. But he had it nevertheless, and felt no guilt in spending it on his daughter. Yet with every click on yet another property, John felt a dull pang in the pit of his stomach. He did not really want to leave Baker Street. He had not had a proper home before Baker Street; his childhood house could hardly be called a home, and the military that he had fled to as soon as he could was not a stable household either. Baker Street was the first home he had, and he was reluctant to let go of that. Part of it, he knew, was that he did not trust his luck to build another. When they had bought their flat, he had trusted Mary’s homemaking skills; his sense of belonging was much more fragile. He had an equilibrium here, and so did Rosie.
I think Eurus represents Sherlock’s queer trauma, and I’ll explain that in more detail in Chapter 5 X, which is completely devoted to Eurus. Her representing trauma, though, makes a great deal of sense in this situation. The problem of the plane, the threat that she hinges on, is one that has been repeating and repeating, though repressed, inside Sherlock’s consciousness, and he breaks through it with not only kindness, but the recognition that it is all in Eurus’s (and by extension his) head.
You’ll also notice that Sherlock is alone in the room, just for a second, when he has his Thatcher revelation – everybody else vanishes. Again, we’re seeing that the rest of the case is an illusion, providing just enough storytime to keep the audience believing in the dream, and possibly Sherlock too.
), this is really significant and so obvious as a code that my casual family spotted it (although knowing how to crack the code was beyond most of us, an excellent piece of work by @jenna221b). Mycroft’s fridge is also unnecessarily shiny and reflective, so now we’ve seen that neither the brain or the heart is giving up just yet, and as to be discussed in a later chapter, brain!Mycroft’s final recourse to Sherrinford symbolises moving into the deepest part of Sherlock’s psyche to solve this problem – and the most guarded.
is the idea of predictability. Way before we know that this is the Doctor’s dream, the Doctor displays a remarkable ability to finish what the Eknodines say before they do, an ability which becomes an obvious hint in hindsight. Moving over to TLD, Sherlock has similarly ridiculous powers to predict what other people will do; because this underpins TLD, it jumps out as being something that rings very false to me, almost like a parody of who Sherlock Holmes is meant to be, and so we should pay attention to it. An uncanny ability to predict what others will do – yup, that’s a dream world.
– it should be noted that the concept of EMP theory appeared way before the superficial shitshow that was series 4, so it was not invented as a fix-it – far from it!
Craig’s quote about people being weird for missing the olden days is, of course, crucial to this reading of
We’re still with Sherlock’s imagined John as we move into “the Watsons’ domestic” in 221B – but, as so many have pointed out, for a domestic between the Watsons, they feature very little as a couple! The core emotional dialogue is often said to come between John and Sherlock, but despite Martin Freeman’s
Before series 4, we had real!characters and MP!characters set up as distinct entities, particularly in TSoT, which distinguishes between MP!Mycroft (the deducing brain) and real!Mycroft, as well as MP!Irene representing desire and real!Irene, who doesn’t come near the episode. The MP section in TSoT, for a lot of people in the fandom, broke down Sherlock’s psyche into MP!John vs. MP!Mycroft – and John is clearly winning.
), but I want to give a brief outline. It first appears with the word ‘deeper’ which keeps reappearing, which then reaches a climax in the waterfall scene. The idea that Sherlock could drown in the waters of his mind is something that Moriarty explicitly references, suggesting that Sherlock could be ‘buried in his own Mind Palace’. The ‘deep waters’ line keeps repeating through series 4, and I just want to give the notorious promo photo from s4 which confirms the significance of the motif.
– and Eurus points out that her gender is the surprise at the end of TLD. Eurus is also an opposite-sex mirror for John and for Sherlock at various points and this allows Sherlock to approach their relations from a heterosexual standpoint and thus interrogate them – more on that later. So gender-swapping is a theme that runs through the show a lot. But the similarity to TAB in particular is important here, because in TAB that was our first obvious declaration that this wasn’t just a mirror to be analysed by the tumblr crowd, this was a mirror on the superficial level that had to be broken through. This callback to TAB is a callback to the mirrored dreamscape. Don’t believe me? Look at what happens next. The second Sherlock sees Thatcher the whole room not only goes underwater, but actually starts to shake – another throwback to recognising that Emelia was Moriarty, when the whole room shakes and the elephant in the room smashes. So, again, we’re being told that this isn’t about this case – it’s about something else, and that something is the elephant in the room. Just like the shaking smashes the elephant in the room, the shaking is what tells us about the smashed bust of Margaret Thatcher. Margaret Thatcher, whose laws on “promoting homosexuality” were infamous. Smashing the elephant in the room and Thatcher simultaneously between 2015, the 1980s and 1895 is hitting the history of British homophobia for the last hundred years summed up as quickly as possible, and tearing it down through Sherlock’s self-exploration. This is a good fucking show.
Although Mummy and Daddy would come up for Christmas Eve drinks, they had insisted that it would not be enough to see Sherlock only once over the holiday period, and so on the Saturday of the 12th Sherlock had made his way down to Sussex to see them. John and Rosie had come along too – that had seemed a no-brainer to Mummy, who had automatically extended an invitation for three rather than one, and although John had looked slightly perplexed at being asked back after the previous year’s disaster, he acquiesced without voicing those concerns. Sherlock was grateful for that; he did not want to, could not, even, explain to John how completely he thought of him as family.
When Sherlock finally reaches Eurus’s room, he tells her that he’s on the ground and he can bring her down too – and what is most striking is the way Eurus is sitting. She’s actually incredibly grounded, sitting cross-legged on the floor, and given that the house is burned it’s likely that this is the ground floor as well. The dark room is a far cry from the bright lighting of the plane – everything suggests that she’s been pulled back. And of course, the lovely touch that all she needs to do is open her eyes. That’s all the creators have ever been asking people to do – open their eyes to what is hiding in plain sight – and Eurus is allowing Sherlock to see things afresh for the first time.
I don’t know if I’m right about the partitions, but there’s only one thing they remind me of, and that’s a closing door. It’s a trope in an adventure film – I first saw it in
A very funny film – with a very apt title for this chapter!! If you haven’t read the first half of the TST meta, check the previous chapter – we’re jumping straight back in.
Sherlock nodded, and John breathed out a heavy sigh. The smile he gave Sherlock was genuine, his eyes filled with relief. Sherlock did not trust himself to say anything, and from the glisten of light that reflected off John’s pupils Sherlock suspected he was in a similar situation.
that represent Sherlock’s deepest repression, in this case the morphine that he uses to mask the pain. Having Janine be the one who is fucking with the taps simply makes the link clearer, particularly when we might not associate hospital drugs with the other kind of drugs that Sherlock normally takes to take the pain away – however, it’s clear that the drugs that anaesthesise his pain do the same job as Janine – hide his queerness. Janine turned vindictive causes him intense pain, and he needs to turn back to the drugs to slip back under. Bearding was always temporary in this show, at least for Sherlock; drug abuse is a consistent problem and becomes a running metaphor for Sherlock’s repression in the EMP.
Sherlock rolled over in bed, groggy. What ungodly noise had pierced the veil of his unconsciousness at the ungodly hour of… he checked the clock. Six oh five AM. Ungodly indeed. He wrapped the duvet a little closer around himself and turned himself over, thinking he could still get back –
. It’s also a stylish shot (what I call split screen, but given that I never went to film school I think that’s just my name for it) and it’s repeated enough times over TLD that it’s pretty clear the creatives want it to be memorable. By the time John gets shot, then, we shouldn’t be caught up in the drama of it – we should be thinking, as so many did, “something’s fucky.”
John seemed taken aback by Sherlock’s abruptness – Sherlock was too, come to that, but he knew now that it was now or never.
Jack Sandiford’s home in Reading could not be talking more about water – Arwel has really excelled himself here. Not only do we have a swimming pool and a Hokusai, but look at the ceiling – I have never seen a ceiling reflect water quite like that. I don’t know if it’s a mirror (!) or another visual effect, but it serves to remind us of where we are – the water is not just below us, but all around. It’s not a case of taking the plunge – we are still drowning.
I’m not going to pause over the next moment of importance for too long because many have covered it – let’s just notice that Sherlock’s face is overlaid with a smashed Thatcher bust, and remind ourselves that these are the walls of homophobia in Sherlock’s brain. Also note that this matches the half-face overlay of the water in the previous scene, linking the two (although the scene with Ajay later will cement that anyway).
part of ‘amo’, only the love. And whilst imagining that John is suicidal, he hypothesises that it is from losing Mary. By the end of TLD, Sherlock’s going to figure out that he was very wrong. But this is why Norbury doesn’t just shoot Mary – that in itself would be enough drama, and it could have created a conflict scene which was really worthy of Amanda Abbington’s dramatic capabilities – the bullet needs to almost hit Sherlock before his mind diverts it back into this incredibly flawed vision of what a Sherlock Holmes story should look like.
“I suppose,” Sherlock replied, looking down at John again Their eyes met for a wisp of a moment and John read sincerity in his cool blue eyes. Sherlock wasn’t being flippant about the pseudo-admission of confusion over the odd man in their midst, he genuinely couldn’t put into words why Jim was a puzzle worth looking at amongst so many other puzzles. John had watched as Sherlock hyper focused on a problem. A small part of him wished Sherlock would level that amount of focus on him more often, the tingling zing of something up his spine the few times it had happened was something almost worth pursuing in John’s mind, almost. A hint of it prickled happily along John’s nerves as Sherlock’s eyes locked onto John’s.
The doorbell rang, causing them both to look in the direction of the stairs. When Sherlock didn’t move to get up John did, only to have Mrs Hudson call up the stairs, “I’ve got it boys,” the moment he hit the top step.
“Sherlock,” Dimmock called crossly, moving to follow him and nearly running into Sherlock along with John as the rider stopped at one door in particular.
John managed to swim alright, even with the mild effects of a hangover still clinging to his head, but as John looked back at Sherlock he realized Sherlock was still very much feeling his hangover because he just kind of gently turned in place in the water. John watched him as he paddled away, trying to right himself with none of the grace Sherlock usually held in the water. He watched long, slightly webby toes and fingers spread and kick and Sherlock propelled himself into the glass nearby. With a chuckle, John saw him shake his head and palm the glass a little before he turned and tried to paddle in another direction only to drunkenly bump into something else.
John grinned inwardly. “I still love you Sherlock. I’ll be here when you want to come out,” he said and John got one last sheepish feeling before the tendril pulled back under the doorframe.
Sherlock held on with his legs and stayed where he was; John on the other hand hadn’t anticipated the roll and flopped off into the thankfully soft grass. That landing wasn’t as pleasant, soft grass aside, the ground was still solid ground and he was only too thankful that he didn’t land on his bad shoulder. Bellamy’s head turned to look at him and John could almost see her glare at Sherlock, apparently having John land on his back in a field hadn’t been her intention.
“Meant to kiss your neck a bit, kind of escalated from there. Who would have guessed gills would be so sensitive,” Sherlock said with a low chuckle, kissing John’s shoulder and neck, over the gills and up to the spot just below his ear.
John weakly lay on his side for a moment. He heard the click of that infernal umbrella coming a few steps closer. A towel dropped unceremoniously onto his hip, providing some small amount of modesty, and when next he cracked open his eyes it was to a blurry view of Mycroft standing over him. “Dr Watson, you have, under extraordinarily poor circumstances, now met my younger brother, Sherlock Holmes.”
“You cannot keep disobeying her and Lestrade’s orders and going galavanting off for days on end,” the nasal voice said. A sharp hiss of what sounded like pain emitted from Sherlock followed by a, “sit still, she got you good.”
He hadn’t expected it to feel so damn good, why had he been afraid of it all his life, why had he thrown up and passed out over the thought of flying?The positive deluge of emotions coming from Hyperion made him question everything. His heart was racing again, this time in a good way, adrenaline and ecstasy from the other end of the bond mixed in John’s brain and actually brought a laugh to John’s lips.
“I come out here quite often to be with Bellamy, I am her rider after all.” Sherlock reached out finally with the arm that had been wrapped around his knees and scratched at a spot under the very front of her chin.
John looked him over. Something about his posture seemed wrong, gave John a concerned feeling in his gut. “You look like I’m about to hit you,” John finally said.
John’s skin shivered again chuckling at Sherlock even as he followed him carrying his own mug. So often Sherlock seemed to almost try to revert to that blotling stage. A small squidgy immature Mollisian. It was almost hilarious to John seeing Sherlock’s full adult mass act like one so small, a young blotling being about the size of a human hand and Sherlock being about the size of a large human beanbag chair.
“Of course it is, anyway she shouldn’t have to go very far.” Sherlock replied, slowly beginning to walk off down the road in the general direction she had flown and towards more busy and habitated areas.
As they proceeded on their way to the veterinary labs though John definitely heard a quiet, “Thank you,” from the tall rider ahead of him.
“How would you know?” Sherlock replied lazily, his baritone voice gone a bit gravely as he relaxed into his sprawl on the sofa. “In the last 48 hours you have seen me being bandaged up, I have forced you to go flying, against your will might I add, taken you to see a corpse, you have seen me nearly swallow a poison capsule, and just a couple hours ago watched me stand before what equates to our highest court within the Aerie. What about all of that brings you to the conclusion that I wouldn’t just abandon an animal in a drainpipe somewhere?” Sherlock listed off, still staring at the ceiling.
“What? You’ve never seen a cock before?” John asked, chuckling. This was yet another thing he hadn’t thought of. Of course Hyperion had seen Victor, at least way back when they were bonding, right?. During days of wanting to do nothing but laze around and bond, at some point the boy would have had to get up and bathe. Hyperion glanced at the closed door and back to John, who was kneeling on the bottom with a hand still cupped over his genitals in case he was offending the intelligent creature.
John sped up in order to walk next to Sally with the children walking obediently behind. “Who is Melinda?” he asked curiously, after a long silence.
The moment was interrupted by a loud splash nearby and they both looked to see Jim’s tail disappearing into the water of the tank, joining the tiger shark.
“Feels weird,” John replied honestly. It wasn’t bad, just odd. Sherlock backed away a little, still close but not breathing over John’s neck like before.
“I’d say they were all assholes for how they treated you, except for maybe that eleventh one.” John said making Sherlock look at him again.
He looked across to Bellamy’s door, still completely shut, John had to resist the temptation to wander across and check on the pair, make sure Sherlock was alright. He shook his head, Sherlock was a grown man; he didn’t need John checking on him like a guard at the door. He’d seen Sherlock bundled into bed right underneath Bellamy’s protective gaze, he was fine. And so John pulled himself away, resuming his grey morning trek back to the flat.
“Wicked, am I?” Sherlock’s voice was so affected by his arousal the vibrating sound made John’s cock throb. And then that spit-slicked hand skated down John’s belly and into his pyjama bottoms, wrapping firmly around his cock. John’s breath left him all at once at the sudden contact, his head rolling back to stare at the ceiling as he groaned. Sherlock grinned as he pumped John at the same pace as before, a long stroke up gathering the foreskin around his glans and tugging, then a long stroke back which revealed the head to the air. Sherlock shifted his hand so that John’s cock pushed between his fingers and past the thin, stretchy, skin between them. The webbing felt so different.
“Fine!” Sherlock hissed, “would you rather hear that I enjoy your company again? It wouldn’t be a complete fabrication at least,” Sherlock bent to bring his mouth closer to John’s ear, continuing to speak quietly, “but I will get you skyward John. Mark my words, you will fly. You are going to let Hyperion fly again in the near future and in order for that to happen you need to be in his saddle. So you can either go easy or I could sedate you and strap you to your harness until you give in.” An unnamable thrill shivered up John’s spine at the whispered threats.
“Don’t get too comfortable just yet!” Lestrade called from the doorway, pulling John’s attention. Lestrade had John’s bag in his hands.
John felt a small guilty twinge in his ribs, he didn’t really want Sherlock to go and part of him blamed himself for Sherlock’s sudden urge to get out of the flat even though it was cold and drizzly outside.
And somehow John thought it a good idea to stand in front of her. He rushed to cut her off before she wrecked the school, raising his hands again, his arm killing him with the motion. “Stop,” John panted. “Stop, stop, stop, I can go get him! I can get him for you!” he shouted, voice rough as he tried to catch his breath.
John watched as Sherlock stared resolutely forward at the desk to John’s left rather than directly at him even as a tiny twitch of a smile formed on his lips. It was almost like Sherlock’s face didn’t know how to handle the conflicting emotions, enjoying John’s complement and still retaining his defensive attitude.
“You were looking at me and you looked concerned,” Sherlock’s head tilted questioningly as he pushed himself out of the chair and stalked towards John. Before John could stop him he’d plucked the small laptop from its so named place.
“Like this then.” He put John’s foot at the edge of Bellamy’s lower lip and the dragon automatically pushed under John and lifted him up to the saddle. John grabbed at the saddle with his good arm just to keep from falling and ended up sprawled across the wide padded seat. “Now let me up,” Sherlock commanded, climbing up the handholds on the belt quickly and forcing John to try and right himself as Sherlock took his place sitting upright in the saddle. John was straddling the soft blanket of padding behind the saddle in the end. Sherlock took a cable that had been clipped between two of the rings on the saddle’s edge and secured one end of it to his own belt before handing another to John, When John didn’t clip it to his own belt Sherlock let out a frustrated huff and did it himself, taking a second one and clipping it to John’s other side. “I haven’t got all day.” Sherlock huffed, settling into the well-worn saddle in front of John.
Sherlock held onto John, breathing him in as John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck kissing him there and enjoying the way it made Sherlock hug him infinitesimally tighter when he kissed his way to a more sensitive spot of skin. Distantly John heard the chiming of a clock, Mrs Hudson’s down stairs, as it chimed the hour. He didn’t much care, he enjoyed indulging in Sherlock finally after months of resisting the urge. A bit of that struggle remained as he had to stop himself from trying to rub against Sherlock. The chiming continued,
“No, they’re not, these are yours, you gave them to me remember?” John said raising his eyebrows at Sherlock’s long-suffering sigh.
John was too busy looking around at the life of an Aerie going by. It looked like a busy, adrenaline-fueled sort of place, and he was dying to become part of it. in the distance, he watched a large olive green dragon land and become swarmed by a crew of people removing its harness. A cleared throat brought his attention back.
The woman standing at the door waved with a small, nearly inaudible, “Hello.” She carried enough equipment to nearly cover her; she had on a lab coat, lightly dirt-stained,with a small hip pack underneath. She carried a bulky backpack over one shoulder and a tool belt over the other, and she held a large sealed bucket in her free hand. The moment the knock came Hyperion’s head went up, staring right at her with a disconcerting intensity. John had to commend her on her bravery for still approaching with that severe of a gaze upon her.
“Nah, I was flying with him just a moment ago…” he sighed and began to cough. “Don’t need pictures when I’ve got him with me all the time, do I?” He rattled after the coughing fit had died down leaving his lips spattered with drops of scarlet.
“Sherlock what’s going on?” John sputtered, much as he enjoyed the kiss and the slippery naked man on top of him, not being able to see at all was a bit disconcerting.
“Dr Watson, I presume,” a woman’s voice murmured softly in his ear. John jumped away, spinning to look at her, and was met with a familiar face.
The decision was taken out of his hands as a fully clothed someone splashed into the water next to him. The crash of bubbles only obscured the person for a moment before John was grabbed by the thick hand of a shark man. John darted, trying to get away from him, and landed a slowed kick at his face that made the man let go momentarily, but the monster was almost instantly on top of John again with an inhuman speed in the water. This time he got both of John’s arms behind his back and wrangled him into a headlock, pushing up and forcing John to the surface.
“Well, I’m a doctor, a lot of the work I did was indoors, how can you be so sure I don’t go to a tanning bed?” John asked with a small smile of his own.
“And the eggs?” John prompted, following along, noticing Sherlock was intentionally walking slow enough for him to keep up for now,
“Sherlock, I pushed you too far. This is why you have a safeword.” John sat up a bit, pulling Sherlock over onto his back so he could look into his face again. Those blue eyes refused to meet his.
“No, no, its fine, of all the tumbles I’ve had over the last couple weeks that was a kiss from a kitten in comparison,” he replied with a chuckle. His mind drifted towards more self-deprecating thoughts: he would have caught himself if he’d had the use of his other arm. Hyperion grumbled as the crate rattled along, and John felt a small surge of encouraging emotions, beating down even the small disparaging thoughts that had begun to rise. The crate was put down over against a wall more gently than it had been picked up. John helped Lestrade pull the largest blanket over Hyperion’s wings before they were re-joined by Sally.
John frowned at the patient look on Sherlock’s face, it almost didn’t feel right after seeing Sherlock be a rude arse so often. But he let his eyes go back to the shoe and something odd struck him.
“Library?” John prompted, he’d never seen any books about dragons or anything pertaining to Aeries and their inhabitants-- at least none that weren’t in the fiction sections.
In the present moment Sherlock was absorbing the memory like a sponge, tentacle arms scrabbling at John to get him to cover him again, plaintive pleas of “Please, John, please,” coming from his mind.
“And lather rinse repeat, basically, for those pills,” Tom said. Next Tom loaded chunks of meat with a rainbow of vitamin supplements, cleverly tucking the capsules into the spaces between rib bones or the squishy marrow of shanks.
“I know you are upset, I’m sorry,” he said, not willing to move any closer until she looked less like she wanted to shred him.
“I had the right pill,” Sherlock said confidently. This time Bellamy snorted for a completely different reason, a short hard huff that blew sand away from her nostrils, letting out an upset sounding whine.
“Fond?” John thought that that was rather sweet really. He liked Sherlock just fine, of course. Having spent the last month or so in close quarters with the man, as both a mysterious fish and a human, had given them plenty of time to get to know each other. Having a percentage of that time be spent naked both in and out of the water didn’t harm things either. Sherlock was quite handsome if one were to ask John, which only made him wonder what Sherlock saw in him. A quick glance down at himself revealed a very slight pudge, formed while invalided home and in hospital, covering what had used to be quite a lot of muscle. The mangled scar on his left shoulder didn’t make things much better, let alone the small nicks and scrapes from other incidents. John knew what he saw in Sherlock, but what on earth did Sherlock see in him?
The rider chuckled wearily, “Oooh my boy, he’s fuckin gorgeous I tell you, smart as a whip, big as they come. Great big brown ass in the sky!” he laughed before returning to a hacking fit. John brought his canteen to his lips to give the man a bit of water. The coughing died down, but the man continued to wither.
Hyperion was up for his walk before John even asked, and walked a few laps with John, cane in hand, limping along beside him before dinner. A visit from the therapist, some light reading about harnesses and repair, things not about flying, and then it was off sleep for John.
“And our bedroom,” John said, following Sherlock into the room at the end of the hallway and seeing a large neatly made bed dominating the room.
“Come on, John. We’re going out,” Sherlock said quickly, giving John no time to argue as he wrestled the hefty coat off of himself.
John seemed to notice Sherlock’s annoyance and pulled back, shifting away completely and leaving Sherlock to lie naked and exposed again. He could hear John shuffling behind him, but otherwise there was no contact between them. Then it all went quiet for a moment. He could hear John breathing, knew he was still nearby. John must have been staring at him, thinking about what he would do next. Sherlock could almost feel John’s eyes roving over his marred back, and, for the first time, Sherlock actually felt a dart of self-consciousness.
The room they were led to was massive and made John stop in the doorway. It was a lecture hall, raised seats all facing inwards towards a curved table at the other end of the round room. The chairs all sat empty, their green velvet cushions and wooden desks making the room appear even bigger as John cast his gaze over them. Dark wood paneling, tall windows, and marble pillars drew his eye up to the white dome of the ceiling and the bright chandelier hung there, until Lestrade nudged him forward. There were nine others already in the room sitting at that curved table.
“I’m not as trapped as you think within these walls,” Sherlock replied with a mischievous glint and a mildly unsettling smirk. “Also, I doubt they’d try the same trick twice; whoever this is they’re powerful enough to have global connections and they’re smart enough to stay undercover and only become visible if and when they allow it.” Sherlock added. “And if they are inside an Aerie, this Aerie, as I suspect they are, its only a matter of time before they begin to turn inwards and try to get me to participate from within the walls. If I won’t come out to play--”
His eyes ended up on Sherlock again, the rider flopped on his back in the shade. Bellamy’s scales nearly sparkled as she dried, silver glimmering like Hyperion’s golden flecks; water gathered in the grooves between her scales and ran off. John saw Sherlock’s belly twitch as water dripped on his middle and he smiled when Sherlock rolled over, shuffling a little further under Bellamy’s wing so as not to get dripped on.
“Mycroft, we’ve got an emergency on our hands here, some batshit crazy crime boss that goes by the name Jim Moriarty just showed up, I don’t know where they’re going, I just barely escaped.” John’s tongue felt heavy in his mouth. He couldn’t describe what the hell had just happened fast enough. It was all a blur now that he sat down and really thought about it, but one thing stood out above all else. “Sherlock’s been taken, Mycroft, he’s gone.”
“You said that last night.” John remembered vaguely Sherlock saying something about it amongst all the talk of poisonings the night before. “And?”
“Right, sorry.” John said, fumbling for what to say to make Sherlock not look like that anymore. They really should probably talk about it, just get the whole messy thing further out in the open so that if it came up Sherlock didn’t lock down like he’d just done. John knew already that what relationship the two had been in had been abusive at best and he honestly shouldn’t have included the pair in the list at all. The whole striking if Sherlock did something annoying part never ceased to make John’s blood boil when he thought about it, let alone the fact that he’d basically used Sherlock as a sex toy. If there had been any love between the two it seemed it had be entirely one sided and short lived.
“I’m sorry, dear, but I need you to eat and drink and take some medicine for me,” she said, indicating a tray she had set on the table at the foot of his bed.
“It’s not even a matter that is remotely close to being considered,” a soft voice said from Stapleton’s left. A younger looking woman of Asian descent with long dark hair tied back from her face spoke, “Master Soo Lin Yao, I head the public transit branch,” she said with a smile. “This is my First, Andy Galbraith.” She indicated the pale, curly-headed man next to her.
Hyperion nudged him again, letting out a gusty warm sigh as he shifted off the wall. John caught a small spike of an apology, regret with concern, ‘I am sorry I am hurting you.’ John just pet his nose and started moving again telling Hyperion that it was okay, it doesn’t hurt that bad, if anything he must feel worse being the actual bearer of the wound. Hyperion shuffled around the corner following closely after John. They walked along, the first portion of the hall only splitting off into the smaller tunnel-like corridors similar to the ones that had led to the cafeteria and the children’s school, shortcuts between the large dragon halls and access to places that dragons weren’t meant to be. Lestrade assured John that he would be given the grand tour of the Aerie in a few days once he was properly bonded to Hyperion. The stabbing pain in John’s thigh worsened as they walked, enough that he was limping too. They came to a crossroad with another pair of wide open doors ahead, emblazoned with an intricate carving of a shield and a roman numeral two on a plaque below it. Hyperion stopped at the doors momentarily to rest again.
It was that moment when a throaty croaking came from the doorway. Angus stood at the top of the stairs, frills up and making what amounted to his loudest vocalizations, which sounded a bit like someone attempting to strangle a barking dog. He hissed, colorful crests standing out more as he advanced towards the pair of them making small charging motions at John.
“Well, looks like your average trainer,” John started, glancing at Sherlock, waiting for the snide remark to come, “but, they’re older, I don’t think I’ve seen this look in a long time, so a retro style, mid-80’s maybe? Had to have belonged to a kid cause there’s a name in it, Carl.”
The man shouted more words at John that he didn’t understand, gesturing with his gun to move away from Victor’s now unconscious form. John obeyed, shuffling away on his knees. At this close of a range there was no chance of drawing his own gun before he’d have a bullet in his head. Before John could say anything more the gunman leveled his pistol on Victor, who was still barely breathing, and shot him twice in the chest. Victor’s eyes popped open again as he gasped, struggling for air, coughing and gurgling in the throes of death. Victor’s body finally fell limp again on the sand, blood drooling from his mouth. The man began yelling louder when John lurched as if to move towards Victor. He pushed the muzzle of the gun to John’s temple.
Hell, it was almost too loud for John’s ears as he winced at the splash of the watch and Sherlock’s mentioning of said offensive item. “It needed to die,” John whispered vehemently.
That felt particularly good, actually, once John got past the strangeness of it. The edges were so sensitive sending little zings of pleasure down John’s spine as they were stroked. For the most part he didn’t even give the gills on his neck a thought when out of the water and often forgot they were even there until he caught a look at himself in a mirror or they were brushed by something like the collar of his shirt. John sank into the touching, letting off a light, pleasurable moan as Sherlock continued to manipulate the protrusions and incorporate them into a rather nice neck massage.
“Sherlock! For the love of God you can’t do things like this!” Lestrade shouted at what to any passers by looked like a massive golden yellow mound of translucent jelly. The mass shook a little bit at the yelling and an orifice that looked like a mouth formed at its top, within the mass bubbles and further structures formed beneath it and the mouth inhaled.
“Why would I want to have sex with an earth animal?” Sherlock said, realization dawning and a smear of disgust coloring his voice.
“Good that you decided to give in,” John said smiling, “I’ve been resisting any number of not so flatmate-like things I’ve wanted to do to you.”
John was beginning to feel tired again as he tried to keep his pace up in the hot midday sun. He started panting and sweating just in the distance they walked down a long hall off the main court. There were large doorways on either side of them, and Omar pushed open a smaller door set into a large one towards the end of the hall, gesturing for peaky feeling John to enter before him. The flame in his head was roaring now.
“Thank you Josie,” Sally said kindly, the rage from before seeming to have cooled during the brief interruption. “If you would please let the police inside, we will try to be out of your nest quickly.”
“We’re going to have you walk him to his pit. No more splitting you two up for at least a few days,” Lestrade told him, stepping back next to Sally, who had caught up already.
“No! Terrifying are the ones who train for stealth and night flights, they’re awesome. You need to see them practicing sometime, they’re so quiet you don’t even see them until they’re right there on top of you.” She spoke with almost a scary level of glee as she made a small pouncing motion that made John’s stomach give a tiny lurch to catch her, “and the dragons that aren’t all black for night missions are so much fun to clean. They black out their wings and bellies and all their light spots, and make such a mess of the baths when we get to clean them.”
Deciding another bath was in order along with a full change John just climbed into the fountain, clothes, sling, and all. He slowly scrubbed off the mess on his skin and in his hair, watching the water tinge red around him before being drained away to be replaced by fresh. Hyperion rested his chin on the edge next to him, the bond still wavering with concern and upset, leaving John to feel uneasy too. After sitting and soaking for a moment the clothes and sling came off. John tried to scrub at them as best he could with only one arm, with limited results, before he finally gave up and just slapped them over the edge of the fountain to dry out again. A sudden hot huff of air startled John into ducking down into the deeper side of the fountain, spinning to see Hyperion performing his drying trick on John’s clothes. John shuffled closer and helped in turning his pants and trousers over to dry on both sides.
“Tea?” John asked, tea being his default answer to any tense situation. He slipped into the kitchen and set about making some, feeling the need to busy his hands. His eyes settled on the jar of finger bones on the countertop, glazing over a bit as he thought about how Sherlock had handled that hatchling with such care, had swaddled the helpless thing expertly; he’d known exactly what it was and how to deal with it.
“The den mother, Josie, she said you had a history of breaking into nests.” John said realizing now what the older woman had meant earlier.
John hesitated for a moment, taking a few steps a bit quicker before pausing and looking back at Sally. She made a shooing motion. “Go on.” He took off towards Hyperion, letting himself have a good run for the first time since he ran across the battlefield where they’d met. He didn’t have far to go, but getting there quicker made him feel better. Hyperion’s discomfort grew stronger in the back of John’s mind as he neared the panting dragon. It made him slow the last few strides. Lestrade saw him coming and, with a grin, stepped out of the way so that John could reach for Hyperion’s snout.
“8am.” With better lighting John saw Sherlock’s eyes roaming the room and flicking to and away from John, who sat bare-chested with the blanket pooled in his lap.
After a few failed attempts to stand, during which John found a new injury on Hyperion’s flank, both man and dragon were on their feet, shaky but upright.
“You have a belt on your trousers, right?” Anthea asked, turning to look back at him with a pointed glance at John’s waist.
“What about the woman and the poisonings, where do they play into this? They dumped the egg, whoever it was didn’t want it-”
“Hello there, couldn’t help but notice you seemed a bit frazzled,” he said calmly, in a familiar manner that reminded John of what he used with new patients. “I’m Mike Stamford, I work with Molly over in the veterinary wing, good to meet you,” he had peeled off the gloves he’d been wearing while patching up Sherlock and offered a clean hand to shake. John took the offered hand with a quiet ‘hello’.
“None of that,” She admonished, and the tail wagging stopped. Melinda looked down at Sally with a small huff, but John did notice her whole body seemed to relax a fraction of the way back to where it was before Bellamy had approached with Sherlock.
“Nothing can keep me from you now,” he told him, as a fainter wave of concern and fear washed over the back of his mind. Hyperion’s head followed him as far as his neck could stretch across the sand when John walked away, his nose barely bumping John’s back as he hit his limit. He turned at the touch and Hyperion let out a pitiful moan at John.
“You kissed me on the head,” John finished, starting to pull himself up out of the water onto the edge of the tank.
me. I’m a doctor. I’ve seen it all before,” John started, shuffling away from the door and closer to Sherlock so they wouldn’t be yelling their conversation across the pit. “It was Jim.”
“Sorry about them, Jim, we had a little detour this morning,” she told the man standing just inside the door. His mouth curled into more of a smile, replacing a tired-looking sullen expression, as Mary scuttled in past him and it only grew as he looked up acknowledging Sally.
“Sherlock, what was that about?” Lestrade asked after a moment in which Sherlock continued to stare at the phone with a face John could only describe as a mix of confusion and interest.
“Well this is certainly something new,” John replied licking his lips, mildly hypnotized by those eyes. He felt like they were staring for an age, at some point John had bounded over the line of awkwardness and now they were just, there, with each other. John was captivated by how the dim yellowish-orange light played across Sherlock’s pale blue eyes, the little spot on one iris barely visible around pupils dialated to see in the darkness. Distantly John thought he heard a buzzing noise.
John replied with a still slightly dazed ‘no’ as the jeep continued on through the canyon of a hall. As they traveled through the Aerie John had begun to feel tiny sparks of something in his mind, like someone was flicking a lighter to start a fire, but he didn’t dare get his hopes up yet; it could have just been wishful thinking making his mind play tricks on itself.
Other comments seemed to be from fans, commenting on the cases that did have Sherlock’s short curt replies on them or making comments on the ones that he didn’t, pointing him at the case saying ‘do this one!’
“If they were stupid enough to try and spread that rumor they’d deserve the embarrassment they’d get; the whole Aerie knows Lestrade is loyally married and Sally is in a long-distance relationship with one of our resident military riders and our very own Dr. Hooper.”
