“Take your shoes off.”
“Ah, the one that drugged him.” Cas nodded knowingly. Dean had had way too much fun recounting the story to him a few years ago while Sam cringed in the corner.
Cas slides his hands down the length of the leg, feeling the bone under his hands. It seems a fairly simple break, with no large splinters or cracks. He adjusts his grip on the bottom half of the shin and twists.
She looked quizzically at his jeans and t-shirt he’d been too tired to change out of before going to sleep.
Dean woke to a pounding in his head. He tried to pull the pillow out from under his head to cover his ears, but it did nothing to help. Wait. He didn’t recognize that pillow.
The gruff, no-nonsense man behind the counter was wearing a name badge that proclaimed him to be Don. Dean, riding on a burger high, confidently walked over to him.
Dean insists passionately as Cas emerges from his bedroom.
“Now I’ve got the Five-O off my back, I’m back to my old ways. I’m going to be in your area next week, hand-delivering some care packages to the poor and needy, courtesy of our dear pal, Jeff. Was wondering if you wanted to meet up. I could do with a night of drinking.”
“Back home, then?” Cas asks once they’re standing and he’s wiped his hand clean of mud on his jeans.
"Good. We're not allowed back to the Neighborhood Watch, though," he said with a chuckle.
Dean pales.
He stands back in front of the mirror and runs his eyes up and down his new body. To him, Dean looks exactly the same as before, but as always, Dean has an opinion.
“So, that guy’s the new God?” Becky blinked in shock.
“We did! At first. But when we realized you just wanted us to babysit, we kind of… carried on. Look, it had been a while, okay? Cas has been busy writing his paper, I've been working on the diner expansion. It was the first free evening we’d had in weeks, so yeah, we were going to use it! What was so important that made you phone me that much anyway? You never explained.”
“But nothing. This is enough for me.
“What?”
He wasn’t sure he’d be able to get up without passing out again, but no one else was heading towards the door.
He lowers his voice to a growl and says out loud, “I am an Angel of the Lord. I raised you from perdition. Dean, we don’t need to eat bacon.”
“Huh. Did she tell you anything useful about these guys?”
“No!”
“You stole it,” Cas reminds him.
“He’s inspired me so much. I already knew I loved languages from when I learned English growing up, but his work made me really consider translation as a career. I even changed my major because of him. I’ve read all his papers.” She gasped. “I think I have his paper on the Voynich Manuscript in my bag. Would you sign it for me?”
“You do not need to defecate while I’m in here.”
Warnings in the end notes
Dean interrupts sarcastically.
“Good. It’s nice to be right.”
“My only guess is that my grace is too weak to suppress you fully.”
“Are you sure?”
Dean chuckles at the mess at the foot of the stairs.
Cas stares after him for a moment, then turns back to his vessel. He hovers his hand over the length of the body, a faint, flickering light emanating from his palm. He frowns.
His mind flashed with the image of Cas’s face as he said almost the same words an hour earlier. His mood suddenly somber, he collapsed back in his chair.
“I don’t believe you apologized the first time.”
Sam nods. “Yeah, he’s cool. You can trust him.”
“What song is that?” he asks once Dean is done.
The wedding was a small affair. Most of Sam’s friends were dead, and most of Eileen’s believed she still was. Her great-aunt was the only member of her family that never got the news, due to her lack of internet connection.
The leather-jacketed girl startled at being addressed so abruptly. “I’m Maisie. Claire’s girlfriend.”
“My fault? You were supposed to be watching him!”
On a rare day that their schedules lined up, and they both had a full day off work, Dean and Cas went for a drive. They set off early in the morning, with a cooler full of snacks and drove with no set destination. Every time they reached an intersection, Cas flipped a coin. Heads for left, tails for right, but never straight on.
Jack appeared with a small whoosh across the dining room floor. He had about three days worth of stubble, unwashed hair, was wearing a Hawaiian shirt unbuttoned to reveal a very deep tan, pink knee-length shorts, mismatched flip flops, and a pair of sunglasses that they’d never seen before.
“Ramen is part of the college package, I’m afraid. Now, you grab those sprouts and
“We paint the body in the paste and let it cleanse, then I can inhabit it again.”
“Didn’t know you were an Eastwood fan, Cas?”
“Yes.”
“Sure you don’t want to flip for it?” Dean smirked.
“What evil have you brought to my doorstep, Winchester?” he addresses Sam but doesn’t look away from Cas’s face.
“That handsome angel friend of yours! Such a shame he had to go, but he was getting in the way of my business.”
They slowly started winding down for the evening, everyone heading to their respective beds. Dean managed to not complain about Claire and Kaia getting to share the queen bed in the guest room and him and Cas being stuck on the lumpy couches. Jack flew back to his student apartment for the night, once again using the excuse of no room, but he was obviously avoiding the busted-up old camp bed Jody had put out for him.
“Two.”
“Don’t you touch me!” she screeched. “This is your fault! You put that jacket on him! Did you even check it was on right?”
“You stabbed me with the needles three times while you made those.”
Sam finds it hard to tell which one of them spoke; both of their voices were raised several octaves.
“You are the absolute worst,” Cas said with as much venom as he could fit in a whisper.
“Yeah, you lose all your manners in California?” Dean criticized him through a mouthful of potatoes.
Cas presses two fingers to Sam’s forehead to stitch his skin back together and heal the rapidly forming concussion.
“Okay boy, go take yourself for a walk.”
“Oh, they couldn’t make it out here. I’m going home to visit them in a few days, though,” she eagerly informed them.
“Obviously.” She rolls her eyes. “I knew you’d come after me once I killed your little pet, so I figured I’d give myself a fighting chance. Do this on my own turf.”
“Is Dean here?”
Dean barely manages to keep the jealousy out of his voice.
Dean beamed at the praise. “Cas has been teaching me.” He turned back to Sam and signed
Dean may not be able to feel the wings, but he can feel their effects. A rush of air pounds into him, seemingly from all sides, and he feels his feet leave the ground. He scrunches his eyes shut to protect them, but the onslaught is over before he can even get them fully closed. Still, he doesn’t open them for several seconds after he feels his feet hit solid ground again.
She reached inside and pulled out a small square object and took it downstairs.
“Valerie. Glad you could make it,” Sam said wryly.
“I can hear them, too. Dean just said ‘keep your voice down, Sammy. I don’t want Cas to know we’re smoking the good kush.’ I think Sam’s got used to being loud around you because you won’t tell him to shut up, and he forgets other people can hear him.”
They smile at each other. Dean’s not sure which of them moves first but their lips are suddenly pressed together. He feels Cas’s arms wrap around him to cup his waist and the back of his head, their knees knocking together.
Harry giggled and buried his face in Cas’s shoulder.
“Dean, stop that.”
Dean prompts
“Nearly, buddy, a bit lower. Like this, see?”
He hovers his hand over the length of the body to rid his clothing of the dark brown bloodstains and the numerous tears. He picks up the body bridal style, grateful to note that it is much easier now, even with his grace at around half capacity.
The door swung open, revealing a very enthusiastic Jody.
Cas squinted at where his finger was pointing. “Your hair?”
Dean came out of the kitchen a moment later wearing a white apron slung over his jeans and a single layer of a soft green Henley that he usually wore in the kitchen due to the heat and Cas always appreciated it. “Hey babe, what are you doing here?” Dean kissed him on the cheek.
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged and tucked the blunt into his top shirt pocket. “Gotta rebel a bit at his age.”
Several more minutes passed in silence, with Dean growing increasingly bored and jiggling his leg up and down until Jack’s name was finally called. Dean immediately leaped to his feet and started cheering, whooping and whistling, making as much noise as possible in the otherwise subdued audience. Harry stood up on his chair and joined in, jumping and waving his arms. Eileen sat him back down again, whispering apologies to the nearby parents, but he still managed one more wave to the stage.
One Tuesday afternoon, Dean got a phone call while he was clipping his toenails over the trash can in the living room. Cas thought this was one of the most disgusting aspects of human life, and always left the room. He was hiding upstairs with Jack playing on his new games console that he’d gotten as a celebration present. Cas did very well on the strategy-based games, thanks to his billions of years commanding heavenly armies, but failed miserably on the first-person shooters.
“Yes, Dean. This is a baby.” She adjusted the bundle so it was tilted slightly more upright and Dean could see the tiniest hint of a face.
“Now you two behave back here, you hear me? No canoodling.” He pointed his finger at them sternly.
He’d told her of his plans when he got home very late the night before. She’d been very eager to help.
“Yeah, it’s not you that we’re avoiding,” Dean muttered, making an ‘I’m watching you.’ gesture at Claire, who just made a face back at him.
“You hurt my Baby, and God or not, I will kill you.”
Miracle took a few steps down the path then looked back, confused as to why he wasn't following.
“Thank you for looking after them. It’s been nice to meet you..?”
Jack seemed oblivious to the four concerned looks pointed at him. “We had this really fun party, and I had to do a handstand and drink beer from a tube, and now I have loads of new friends.”
“Why didn’t you lead with that?”
“What’s a quarterly report?”
Cas picks the nearest green plaid shirt and takes the hanger off the rail.
Sam follows Cas out of the check-in office with a little jog. “Hey, why’d you get two rooms? You don’t sleep.”
“Yes, please,” she grunted, and attempted to stand, but stumbled slightly due to her unlevel footwear.
“You did kind of kiss her back, though,” Sam reminded him.
“Very loose definition of ‘alright’. I feel like hot sewage. But it’s a good thing you’re here, kid. C’mon, get healing.”
“Hey, we’re proud, too. Make room.”
“Less than six months?”
“That’s something I guess.”
“No, you’re not. I am,” Cas reminded him.
“Ugh, baby mouths are weird. All gummy and shit. But yeah, I think you’re right. See that there?”
Sam ignored him. “My point is, that’s how he looked at you when you first got together, and he hasn’t stopped. I don’t think anyone has ever been in love more than he is with you. He’ll forgive you. Just give him some time.”
“Yeah. Did you hear what they named it?”
A few weeks had passed since they defeated Chuck, and Dean woke the same way he had every day since. He clambered out of bed, ignoring his headache and the dry feeling in his mouth, picked up the several empty beer bottles from the night before, and walked towards the voices he could hear in the distance, throwing the bottles in the trash on the way. Jack and Sam were at the map table, both on their laptops. Jack was frowning at his.
movie. That’s a classic first date move.”
“Oh yeah, lots of human experiences at college. When you’re older I’ll tell you what Sammy got up to with a watermelon at Stanford.”
Cas trails off and leaves it for Dean to fill in the blanks. Dean continues to look at him, confused.
Cas gestured vaguely to her one-piece swimsuit and sarong combo.
“Dean–”
Sam ignored him. “Are you doing anything fun though? College isn’t all work work work.”
Sam reached for Jack who was furthest to the left. Despite his all-powerful God abilities, he was actually very easy to over-power once you knew all his ticklish spots. With a pinch to his waist, Jack broke rank and let Sam past.
“You couldn’t even stop fidgeting for two seconds, and now you're making a fool of us in front of this nice man. And I told you, no talking to anyone except Sam.”
she signed to distract him.
“Here.” Dean reaches into his front pocket and pulls out the flowers, slightly flattened by their hours pressed flat to his leg.
“I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. He was able to hold off Michael for a time, and I am nowhere near as powerful as him. Dean is very strong-willed.”
“Good morning, Harrison.”
Dean spat out his beer. “What?”
“How many?”
After several more insufferably boring minutes as the rest of the student body collected their diplomas had passed and everyone had thrown their hats in the air to raucous applause, they were finally allowed out of their seats to congratulate Jack.
Dean complains but takes Sam’s other hand.
Sam huffed. “No really, what are you doing?”
“The woman I choose… is—”
“I’ll always love you. Even with glasses. Even with your gray hair. Even though you fart in your sleep.”
“You can get up here, Sasquatch. You and Cas can do all the hard work,” Dean protested.
“Is it weird that I found that kind of… hot?”
Dean cuts himself off and looks through Cas’s eyes down at his new bandage.
Dean pushed Cas’s trench coat off his shoulders and placed it on the chair next to his bed. Then he did the same with his suit jacket. Cas didn’t break eye contact with him the whole time.
“Yes, he is. And besides, I don’t want to pull the stitches doing any heavy lifting.”
“Heya Sammy, you are never going to believe which psycho stalker ex of yours just showed up at my house.”
Dean spluttered. “Wh— No— Yo— You can’t do that!”
“Hey, what happened to Amara? When Chuck…?” Sam trailed off.
“Sam, what’s this?”
“Don’t remind me.”
“Oh,” Cas whispers.
“You gonna make an honest woman of her, then?”
”All frat boys are called Chad.”
“The sigils?” Dean pulls Sam back and gestures at the outside of the shop.
“That’s what I said! But he said Diego is ‘not management material’, whatever that means.”
“That’s not what I’m worried about.”
“No!”
Cas shakes his head minutely. “All I need is a vial of your blood, then I’ll leave you be.”
A sharp pain radiates from Cas’s thigh.
Eileen came back downstairs. “Ugh, Harry’s
“Do you know what this means, Dean?” he asks, quickly shifting Dean’s focus.
Cas holds it close to his nose and takes a deep sniff. “It’s safe.”
“Still don’t see it.”
Jack started the evening helping Harrison set up his new toys and demonstrating how to use them, but by the end, he was mostly playing with them himself. Harry watched with rapt attention. It was hard to tell who was having more fun.
Jimmy, unsurprisingly, hasn’t gone anywhere. All of his wounds have now been healed and, to the untrained eye, he looks like he is merely sleeping.
He reached up and loosened Cas’s tie an inch or two. “There. Now you’re ready. Let’s go.”
Dean took another step.
“Aww, can’t I keep him, Uncle Jack?”
“But they tasted like juice!” he protested.
“It could make or break my career,” Sam continued. “Eileen was out with Valerie, and Val had already canceled three times so this was the first time they’d seen each other in six months, and our usual babysitter needs at least two days warning, so yeah, I phoned you. I wasn’t exactly expecting to phone a sex line. You said you two have toned it down.”
Cas presses two fingers to the body’s sternum. The faint yellow light that comes out crackles like static for a few seconds before Cas cuts it off with a shuddering breath.
“It’s Smågöra, and you’re doing it wrong. That screw goes on the other side.” Sam said in a patronizing voice.
“Oh my God, Casper Kline!”
“See you.”
“Oh, that horrible shooting game I told you not to get?” Cas looked disapprovingly at Dean.
They got the last few ingredients, paid for them, and got back into the car. Dean hummed along to the music on the radio the rest of the way home. As soon as they got back, he ran off to the kitchen to start cooking, Miracle chasing after him. The faint sounds of Led Zeppelin could just be heard from the map room.
Cas pressed just hard enough that a single drop of blood fell from his jaw.
“Sam Winchester! It’s been too long!” He pulls Sam into a tight hug.
Dean decided they were the best burgers he’d ever had, besides his own. He ate all of his, and the one Cas ordered to keep up appearances, as well as half of Eileen’s fries, despite Sam pointing out she was supposed to be eating for two.
Cas tilted his head at Dean. Even after all this time, he couldn’t see his beautiful soul the way Cas could. Though to be fair, Cas was having trouble remembering any of his redeeming qualities right now.
“Aced that essay.”
“This is too easy.”
Cas shakes his head. “This makes no sense. He shouldn’t be able to do any of this,” he mutters, more to himself than Sam.
“You’re in better shape than me,” he argued.
“Dean! I’m done!”
“Nothing professional, but I can make a mean burger.”
Dean greeted his brother, nephew, and soon-to-be sister-in-law on the front porch wearing a novelty apron over his clothes. The french maid outfit decorated apron had been a present from Cas earlier that morning. Sam instantly tried to shield Harry’s eyes from the sight. Dean called him a prude and waggled his hips at Eileen, who then slapped his ass.
"Well, they're happy together now. That's all in the past," Donna tried to interject to lighten the mood.
“That Claire?”
“Hello, Harrison. I’m your Uncle Jack.”
He handed Dean a glass of water to wash down the aspirin.
“Thank you.”
“She sounds great,” Dean added fondly, and took a sip of his drink.
“I’m not. Dean’s watching it.”
There were two seats at the front by the paddles and a bench at the back that was big enough for three. Sam sat at the back.
he was on me constantly. I swear my dick almost fell off by the end of it. Seriously. I thought ‘Hey, at least he sleeps now. I get eight hours of peace.’ But no! He’d wake me up at 3 am rubbing up on my ass!”
Dean swore under his breath. Frigging witches! Always up to some messed-up crap. “Well, there must be an antidote! A counterspell or something!”
The three of them had stepped out of the car. Sam and Dean looked down on Jack with hope in their expressions.
“Yep. That’s right. Absolutely nothing happened.”
“Please,” Dean said eagerly. Anything to wash away the awkwardness.
has been my real life.
here is certainly available, aren’t you, Cas? Yeah? You kids have fun, now.”
“Angelcakes! You made it!” She grins and claps her hands together like a kid on Christmas.
“We helped them move in together last year.”
“Jack’s having trouble with the math again. I’ll go help him. Don’t bother pausing it.”
Sam couldn’t stop a laugh from bubbling out of his chest. Then laughed harder. Within a minute, both boys were hysterical and gasping for breath.
“Of course. I don’t do it often, though. Trying to be normal and all that. I only check for the important stuff. Life-threatening events, natural disasters, you know.”
She winked faux-flirtatiously at him. “I get it. I’m irresistible to the ladies and the fellas. At least you bought me a drink first.”
Dean returned home on a rare day that Eileen wasn’t there with a parcel he'd picked up from their PO Box.
Dean hung up. He put his phone back in his pocket and carried on with his dinner as if he’d never been interrupted.
Winchester. These are the dumbest middle names.” Sam gave Dean a look of disdain. “This says you’re two years younger than you are.”
Moments after settling into his room, he can hear Cas, having removed the duct tape, yelling “How dare you call me that!”
Sam stood up and put Harry over his shoulder and began to rub his back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, sure.”
Sam grimaced. With Jack’s powers, any kind of giant snail could turn up on his doorstep.
Cas nudged his chair slightly closer to Dean’s and sat down, putting the plate and one of the mugs in front of him, and kept one to himself.
“Normally, when I want my arm to do something, it just does it. It doesn’t make sarcastic comments first.”
“Oh well, uh, Dean’s been teaching me,” he lied quickly.
There was the faint sound of fingers snapping.
“The warding.”
“Um, not that I’m complaining, but what was that all about?”
“Crap. It’s later than I thought. I’d better head to bed.”
Anthropology
Jack pouted. “I feel bad. I didn’t get you guys a gift.”
She shrugs, unbothered. “Witchcraft is a business. Sacrifices are… ingredients.”
She opened the box to reveal a silver band with a subtle diamond and sapphire inlay. “A ring! And do you know what the problem with it is?”
Dean took his hand and dragged him to the living room, then lightly pushed him so he fell back onto the couch.
Eileen picked up some tiny booties and put her fingers in them to make them walk.
Dean spent the entire car ride home practically bouncing in his seat. He didn’t shut up about how perfect his new nephew was, about how cute he was in all the pictures he took, how adorable his little clothes were. Cas sat in the passenger seat and hummed affirmatives whenever Dean paused for breath.
“So…?” Sam trailed off expectantly.
It was too soon after he’d woken up for such questions. “Uh, we’ll worry about that some other time. We’ve got something more important to do.”
Once they’d managed to set the table with all the food that Jack hadn’t eaten, Dean called for the rest of them to come to join. Eileen went and got the high chair out of the car and set Harry at the head of the table.
Cas was getting dressed in the bedroom when he heard a scream. He ran into the bathroom, his anti-possession and angel warding tattoos visible on his bare chest, slipper in hand. “What is it? Where’s the danger?”
“No.”
“You can throw me a proper fortieth birthday party this time. Can’t believe you forgot last year.”
“Uh, yeah? Where else would two old queers go out drinking?”
Zehra returned moments later, this time without Chad. Dean could see him talking to a middle-aged couple who must be his parents a few yards away. Cas tentatively took the pen she offered him and signed the same no-frills C. Kline Dean had seen him sign on all of his mortgage papers, but she seemed over the moon with it, clutching it to her chest with more reverence than she’d given her diploma.
Some dialogue from 15x19 and 15x20 in this chapter. Warnings in the end notes.
“That’s because I’m a forward-thinking modern woman. Do you want another one?”
“Dean, put that down,” Cas orders in the same tone he’d once heard a woman in the park use when telling off her misbehaving dog.
Dean's heart broke to see him so miserable. He took his hand, “Cas. I’m not uncomfortable.”
Cas tilted his head at Dean, but agreed. Harry didn’t take nearly as much convincing. Jack decided to stay behind to watch Miracle and eat his remaining ice creams. He waved them off with a curious expression on his face.
“Cas’s idea.”
“It’s a big pay rise, but it’s also a longer commute into the city. I might also have to go abroad on occasion.”
“Will they still work in that state?”
“Don’t tell me you’re one of those people that’s all ‘video games cause violence’?” he mocked. “‘Cause, spoiler alert, Cas, he’s already killed before. Hell, everyone at this table is a serial killer. Except for Harry, but he’s got time to work on that.”
Sam sighed in a long-suffering, over-tired parent way. “Only because you don’t tell him off when he runs around the house screaming.”
Zehra turned back to her boyfriend. “Bye Chad!” she yelled across the courtyard.
“Huh?”
“Yeah, you’re good,” she snorted and held the door open for them.
“Yes. It’s been nice to finally actually live in this house that is legally half mine.” Cas paused to shoot a glare at Dean. “He hardly let me in while he was working. Jack wasn’t allowed in at all. He made Jack live in the bunker alone so he wouldn’t distract him.” Cas frowned disapprovingly.
me, that I’m everything to you, but you’ve never said ‘I love you.’”
Cas smiles, just a small upturn of his lips. “No, I’ve enjoyed spending time with you, too.”
Jack ignored Dean’s protests and pulled him from the nail. Dean cried out in pain, but his screams were cut short by the familiar feeling of grace flowing through his body.
With a sigh, he pauses the film and gets to his feet, ready to cuss out his little brother for getting home hours early and ruining his afternoon.
“Get some damn pie.”
“Alright, that’s enough!” Jody cut him off in her most commanding mom-voice, which caused the whole room to fall silent. “All of you. I thought we were all supposed to be adults here?”
“Unca Cas! Unca Cas!”
She added them to her basket along with some equally tiny baby clothes in a variety of neutral colors and styles.
“No, Dean, I’m not going to say that. Or that. Or that. Dean, none of this is appropriate.”
Dean and the others turned to face the counter. In the middle was the cake, fully restored to its former glory, with no icing missing, and not a flower out of place. The only difference was the addition of a wedding topper of a tall man with long hair and a much shorter woman, wearing clothing identical to what Sam and Eileen had on.
Cas held his free hand out for the drag queen to shake.
“Really? Does that go well?”
“Okay, so you and Cas have been together for, what, four years? And you’ve not said I love you yet? Give me some context. When did he first say it to you?”
“You brought this in yourself,” Sam reminds him.
“You sound like a PTA mom.”
Dean spat out his toothpaste like an angry cowboy spitting tobacco at the feet of a rival. “I still can’t believe him. This is all Chad from the frat’s fault.”
Cas’s grace gradually became stronger, but still had a long way to go. He was able to cure the cut to his palm and the bullet wound, much to Dean's relief. He was tired of wincing every time they moved.
He struggles to keep ahold of the body as his grace floods every inch of his new vessel, making its way from his mouth down to his new heart, then spreading out to caress his fingertips and tickle at his feet.
“I knew you’d say that. Thought you’d take longer to come see me, though. Sit,” he patted the bed next to him.
He turned off the heat and plated up the pasta, placing more garlic bread on his own plate to make up for the earlier theft, and added some salad he knew Dean wouldn’t eat, but it was worth a shot.
Cas had started to breathe heavily, as he let Dean push him the last step needed for his back to be flush against the hallway wall.
“Woah, tone it down. My skull is about to explode.”
#prayforsam
He’s been planning this for weeks. He’s retrieved the extra-large bag of popcorn from its hiding spot, taken the pillows from spare bedrooms so his butt feels like it’s on a cloud, and put on a pair of fluffy pink socks he’d found a thrift store a few months ago that are the coziest things he owns.
“One more argument and I tape your mouth shut again.”
“How kind.”
Sam turns on his heels and leaves the room. Cas can hear his footsteps echo up the hallway now he’s not distracted by the film’s music.
“The fourth toe on my right foot is entirely unscathed.”
“What do you mean?”
“Dean says hello, too.”
“Aren’t all screws the same?”
“Then no.”
“South facing,” he said proudly. “Through here to the dining room. I kept the exposed brick on the outer wall, but I had to replaster this one, where it was starting to chip. The wiring was a bitch in this room.” He mentally shuddered at the memory of trying to squeeze lighting cables through the very small gaps in the wall.
“That is bisexual brother, thank you very much, and clearly you do. Making a lady in her condition sit in the backseat. Shame on you.” He shook his head.
Cas and Dean both perk up at this. Sam puts a heavy, leather-bound book on the table, causing it to rattle slightly. The title carved into the front states it to be the spellbook of the Guaire family, a name Cas recognizes as belonging to an ancient coven of witches dating back centuries. He opens it to the page he has bookmarked with a post-it and points to the left-hand page.
“But you
“Shortly after she put her tongue in my mouth.”
He took his hand as flirtatiously as was possible for a handshake. “Miss Veloir. But Craig to you, honey. You know where I am if you ever decide to ditch this one.”
Dean fought down a smile and tried to say in his most forlorn voice, “Yes. Sam’s terrible habit has nearly torn our family apart several times. But I’ve been with him every step of the way, trying to get him clean and he’s really starting to turn his life around now.”
They make a pit stop in Cas’s room to give Jimmy a blast of grace before heading to the kitchen. He nods at Sam, who is just finishing up his breakfast.
Dean shrugged. “I’ve got the essentials down. Now is anyone going to introduce me to my nephew?”
Valerie noticed Dean was finally alone and started to cross the room, clearly with the intent of asking him to dance so he quickly tried to look busy.
He stopped his pacing and put his hands down on the table. “Am I in love with Cas?”
This is a big deal, Cas! My first gray hair.”
“For the thousandth time, it’s big
“I like the name.”
Miracle looked at him with a tilted head.
Cas cradles a flower in his hand and checks it for any imperfections.
“Definitely.”
“Sup losers,” she said by way of greeting.
“Did you at least use a condom? Do you even know what they are? Oh god, Cas, we haven’t even given him The Talk yet.”
“I’m not good at this, Cas. Feelings and crap. I’ve rehearsed this a thousand times and I still don’t think it’s right.
Sam is just loading the final things in the car when he enters the garage, and nearly drops his smoothies in surprise when he sees what Cas is carrying.
Cas’s eyes open, blue light emanating from them for a second before they fade back to their usual darker color.
“No?” Sam panicked. Did she not like it? He’d spent hours choosing the perfect one in more than a dozen jewelry stores across three states.
Jack opened the door when he heard the car pull up and helped Cas get Dean out of the back seat. Dean was only semi-conscious when he was dragged into the house.
Sam notices the higher pitch in the voice and knows it’s Dean speaking. He looks at him, confused. “What do you mean?”
“Fine. I’ll have one of... whatever she had.”
Cas scratched Miracle’s head. “Your father is lucky I love him.”
“It has no scientific name. No botanist has ever discovered it, and the locals don’t know of its rarity or abilities. The local children make garlands of it in the summer. They just call it ‘the purple flower’.”
“Do you want to come with me to walk Miracle?”
“And we need to stop by my room first.”
“You can rot in hell, too. Get out. Close the curtains before you go.”
Cas only has to take a brief glance at the place. “There’s no warding. Angel or otherwise.”
Sam raises the corner of his lip in a smirk. “Huh, glad I missed that one.”
“There was no room for me in the car,” came his very convenient excuse.
Dean got his wallet out of his back pocket, secretly thrilled to have been asked. It had been a long time. He stepped forward and held his ID up to her face.
“I think it went well. I already prefer book translation to translating business meetings.”
Sam opens the trunk and rummages for it. Luckily, there’s no one around. “What do you want it for?”
She regarded Jack’s face intensely, like she was mentally reviewing their last four years of friendship. “I can’t believe I never knew you were Casper Kline’s son! I mean, same last name, same face. It’s so obvious!”
“Huh,” was all Sam had to say.
If Dean was in control of his vasodilation, he would be blushing.
“What!” Dean frantically whipped his head around trying to see in the bathroom mirror.
“It’s a shame we had to kill her.”
“I must say, Cas, workout routine looks like it’s going well.” Eileen ran an appreciative eye over Cas’s torso.
“You expect me to believe that Dean Winchester, man whore, who can pick someone up at a bar and be back at their place in under an hour, is what? Waiting till marriage?” He threw his hands in the air.
“Right? Sit. Come look at the moon with me.”
“Okay, I won’t.”
Cas slips the vial back into his pocket and returns to Sam’s side. He grasps Sam’s shoulder and flaps his wings with determination.
“No, tell him!”
Dean asks, confused, thinking he’s forgotten a knife or something.
Cas looked away from him. “Really, it’s nothing.”
"I've had dinner with everyone at this table, none of those were dates."
“I’m perfectly content.”
Cas ruffled his hand through Harry’s soft brown hair and took him back to the rest of the group.
“Look on the other side, you dumbass.”
Sam ignored that last remark.“It’s not what you were doing, it’s how he was looking at you.”
He shrugs. “The old knee’s still giving me jip, but what’s new?”
Sam lets go of their hands gently, testing the waters. When they don’t immediately fall over, he heads off down the stairs. “Well, I’m starving. I have eaten all day because of you two.”
Dean reminds him.
Sam takes three bills out of his wallet and hands them over. “See you around.”
She immediately launched into what was a clearly prepared set of questions, in the way that only someone who had been imagining a conversation for nearly half a decade could do.
“Alone?”
“Kaia!” Cas greeted. “I wasn’t expecting you.”
“You are so lame.”
Cas leans back on the table and rests his hands, palms down, next to him. He searches his memories for any details that might be important.
He chuckles lightly with the memory.
Dean had a lot of free time on his hands now he wasn’t hunting, so he made Cas watch all of his favorite cowboy movies. Cas, in turn, made Dean watch the How To Train Your Dragon series. Dean would never admit it, but he definitely preferred the latter. That dragon was adorable, okay? They watched all of their movies together on the sofa in the Dean Cave. Sometimes Cas leaned his head on Dean’s shoulder, other times Dean had his feet in Cas’s lap, but they were always touching in some way.
“Yeah, about then. Why?”
“Oh, that would be new.”
“Incredibly.”
She shrugged nonchalantly. “Yeah, alright.”
“Yes. Is there space in the trunk?”
“Actions,” he said, pulling Cas up the path, passed the nicks in the trees from where Claire had used Jack as a moving target for her knife-throwing practice, passed the patch of scorched grass where Claire and Jack had tried to cook a fish from the lake, passed the now-broken homemade trap they’d made to catch what they thought was a stray cat but turned out to be a feral possum. Wow, he needed to stop letting those two be unattended in his garden.
“I’m not going to.”
Dean blew the smoke into Sam’s face.
“Why would you think that?”
“Cas!” Dean replied in the same scandalized tone as Cas. “What, you two just meet up to bitch about me, is that it?”
he says quickly.
“I’ll spare your poor little heterosexual ears the details, but let’s just say there’s a certain amount of prep work involved, alright?”
“You and me.” He smiled, then paused. He seemed hesitant about what he was going to say next. “We are a ‘you and me’, then? We’re an… ‘us’?”
Dean hums appreciatively.
“No, thank you,” Sam eventually answers for them.
They make their way up the path, watching each other’s backs in case she’s lurking in the grounds. Dean catches sight of Louis’s surveillance camera hidden high in a tree and shoots a solitary finger gun at it.
Sam pulls over on an empty stretch of road and reaches into the back seat for the duct tape. He gets out of the car and yanks open the passenger door. He grabs Dean’s leg, struggling to hold it as Dean kicks at him, and manages to wrap the tape around his ankles, tying him and Cas together.
“Thought it would be at least New Years’,” she grumbled.
“They’re children. Scrap that, worse than children. Harry’s going to be a much better liar when he grows up. He takes after me, you know.”
“And then I met you, and you were the best friend I ever had. Losing you hurt more than anyone else, more than words can describe. I should have realized then that that was more than losing a friend. That I felt something more for you.
Before Cas can react, Sam runs with his two coordinated feet to the other side of the room. He holds the phone up and starts a new video. “If you want it, come and get it.”
Dean threw a white wooden panel to the floor.
Dean shook her hand. “Pleasure.”
"You'd think that, wouldn't you? But do you know what Cas has done since we’ve been together?”
He stood to leave, and lightly stroked Dean’s cheek as he left. Dean smiled back at him.
“Nah, this is a souvenir. Catch.” Dean snatches the probably-not-poisoned tomato from Cas and chucks at his brother, who has to snap his arm above his head to catch it.
Cas rolled his eyes. “No, it was my urologist.”
Sam stared at him, dumbfounded. “Wait, you knew this was going to happen?”
“Is Dean here?” she asked eagerly.
Cas wrenched his hands out of Dean’s and stormed from the room. He took his coat and shoes from the hallway, and without even bothering to put them on, headed out to his car.
Dean regards the outside of the shop in awe. It’s covered top to bottom in glowing sigils, demon warding, and a few others even he doesn’t recognize.
God,” he shrugged, as though it were obvious.
Sam fought off the urge to roll his eyes again. “Yep. She promises it’s mine.”
“Haha!” he exclaims.
Cas gets to his feet. Even with this small movement, he’s able to assess his new vessel. He’s only an inch or so taller, so his proportions aren’t too far off, but his new legs are bowed in a way he’s not used to and it takes him a minute to get his footing.
“Great! First time for us both, then.”
“And every day since, I’ve found a new happiness. If you’d asked me two months ago, my true happiness would have been watching you paint the walls of Jack’s bedroom that hideous shade of orange, because you knew he’d love it. If you’d asked me a month ago, I’d have said watching you slowly come back to consciousness after a night asleep in my arms, opening your eyes, and smiling when you saw me.
“We could clean up all the mess by the stairs.”
“Have you been reading marriage counselling books?” Dean was so surprised, he briefly forgot the real reason he brought Cas here.
“No, that would be dumb.” Sam lightly slapped Dean on the shoulder, not hard enough to jostle the baby.
He holds the phone in place with his shoulder and takes the fruit to run his thumb pensively over it, as if trying to unlock its secrets.
Dean didn’t have time to say anything before Cas shoved his way in and stormed over to Dean.
“Hell no. I like you for the exact opposite reason. I know you can and will beat me into a pulp, and, not gonna lie, that turns me on a whole lot.”
“No, you don’t, Dean. You’ve told me you
“–tell me what’s eating you.”
“Dean, no,” Cas says sternly. He takes the dream catcher from Dean and hangs it back on the wall. He slaps the back of Dean’s hand lightly. “Stop it.”
Dean proceeded to shovel pasta into his mouth, strategically avoiding eating anything green.
The others took bites of their burgers. They all agreed they were delicious. They chatted pleasantly and drank beer for the rest of the evening. Dean managed to avoid addressing any of his comments directly as Cas and Cas did the same. Just hearing his voice was almost too much for Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You can’t crash a wedding you were invited to. You weren’t though. Who are you?”
Dean stammers, as much as it is possible for someone who isn’t physically speaking to stammer.
Dean took Cas’s other hand in his and played with his fingers. He kept his gaze on Cas’s lips, not quite able to look him in the eyes.
“Parents Kelly Kline and Casper Kline. What did you get, Cas?”
Cas tilted his head to the side. “Dean, we don’t have any whips.”
That was a fair point. “Oh well, less time to wait.” He rubbed his hands together with glee. “I’m gonna be the coolest uncle. They’re going to prefer me to you, hands down. That kid’s going to
Sam just pursed his lips.
“Look, I’m a repressed asshole. You know that. My whole life, I couldn’t let myself get close to anyone because it would just hurt all the more when they died. And they did die. I’ve lost so many friends, more than I can count. And it still hurt every time. So what was the point in not loving them in the first place?
“Ye– uh, n-no.”
“This is what you feed babies who are just starting to eat solids, Dean.”
Sam’s head snaps up at the sudden change in conversation topic before he realizes Dean must be speaking. He chuckles.
Before the man could react, Cas punched him square in the jaw. The force of the blow caused him to bend over sideways, so Cas grabbed him by the collar and marched him to the door, pushing it open with the man's head.
“Now,” he starts, pointing the knife at their chest. “if I let you out of your get-along shirt, are you going to kill each other?”
“You do that,” Cas said, without looking up.
“I have often found that mothers tend to overshare their children’s information.”
“Don’t scare me like that, Harrison Blake,” she reprimanded.
Dean turned around and placed a light kiss on Cas’s lips, then lightly pushed him away so he could walk to the bedroom. Cas heard his voice through the wall say, “Nah, not right now, babe, I’m not in the mood,” then there was a groan and a muffled
After she’d calmed down somewhat, she’d asked for Cas’s number, which he’d been reluctant to give her at first, but after realizing she wasn’t attempting to flirt with him he’d handed it over. She was a very fast learner and Cas enjoyed her company, even if she did stare in wonder every time he translated anything.
“Because I need to talk to you.” Dean grabbed a head of lettuce and pretended to examine it to avoid making eye contact. “I just wanted to say, y’know. Thank you. Not just for Cas, but everything. Bringing everyone back, saving the whole world.” He gestured at the other customers in the shop. “These people all owe you their lives and they don’t even know.”
It was Sam’s turn to choose for movie night, and he’d chosen a true crime documentary that Dean instantly decided was insufferably boring so he spent the whole time looking at Cas instead. They sat slightly further apart on the sofa than they usually would if Sam wasn’t in the room, but still close enough for their little fingers to brush together.
They worked together in this way until the crib was finished. Dean pushed all his weight on it to check it was sturdy.
found that kind of hot.”
“Aww, he’s so cute. The baby, I mean,” she corrected.
Cas looked pensively at his new driver’s license, his expression unreadable.
are enough for me. Scrap that, you are everything to me. You two are my family.”
The man lasted less than a minute before speaking up again, seemingly addressing the room as a whole, as there was no one sitting at his table. “Can’t even get a burger these days without some queers shoving their lifestyle down your throats. It’s disgusting.”
Cas spots a hangnail on his left hand and tries to pick at it to make it go away, but ends up making it worse instead. “Sometimes I work on the case, if we have one, but usually I just watch Netflix. I’ve become quite addicted lately,” he admits quietly.
“Damn it, I forgot the freaking burp cloth.”
“I haven’t forgotten my time as a human before. It was more difficult, yes, so much more effort just to stay alive, but it was also so wonderful. The feelings were more intense. The heat of the fire on a cold night and how it warmed me to the bones. The feeling of soft cotton on my skin. How a good night's sleep on a firm mattress would leave me revitalized and with a new perspective on the issues plaguing me.
Dean pouts, but does as he’s told.
That earned him an elbow in the ribs from Cas, but luckily it seemed nothing was going to stop Zehra’s compliments.
“We have had a few noise complaints from the neighbors,” she pondered. “You know, it’s not fair they get to have all the fun. Next time you confiscate drugs from Jack, invite me over.”
“Great walk,” Sam repeated.
“No!” Claire and Jody yelled at the same time.
“No, seriously! Stop arguing! I think I hear something.”
Cas’s answer is delayed by him turning his head to the side and releasing a hacking cough, spatters of blood hitting the floor. “Witch. I pissed her off.”
Cas squints at him. “It seemed a better option than the floor.”
Sam looked disbelievingly at Dean.
“Hey, if you want to hook up with Cas, I wouldn’t mind. As long as I get to watch.” She winked at him.
Eileen handed Cas ten dollars, which he used as a bookmark, then set his book on the floor.
“You going to introduce us?” Dean asked after a few seconds of silence.
“Now you’ve quit hunting, your chances of getting seriously injured are greatly reduced. Small injuries and problems are part of the human experience, and anything major, we can always call on Jack for help.”
Warning for Bridgerton season 1 spoilers, which isn’t something I thought I’d ever have to write in a Supernatural fanfiction. Also, completely made up spell ingredients.
“Daddy! Swim, swim!” he yelled, delighted to be joined in his new game, and Sam suddenly realized the sounds he thought were screams of dread were actually squeals of delight.
“Don’t. You.
“What the fuck are you playing at?!”
They reached Dean’s favorite fishing bench, which was barely recognizable, buried by an elaborate garland of flowers and vines winding around the legs. The trees behind them were filled with lanterns of all different sizes and lit with so many tea lights that it almost looked like daylight.
“Oh, is that all?”
“Yes, cleaning,” Cas breathes, relieved for the distraction.
“I don’t need to eat,” Cas reminds him for the thousandth time.
“I thought that was an accident.”
Sam and Dean share a glance. “So, what’s this all about then? Luring us here?”
“Did you film that whole thing?” Dean demands.
“Okay!” Eileen stepped between the two of them and pushed them apart with a hand of each of their chests. “If you two are done bickering, can we actually see this house Sam took two wrong turns trying to find?”
“Oh,”
“Yes?”
In unison, they take the hysleria root and chop it down to fine chunks, Cas holding it still while Dean slices. They scrape the minced root into the bowl and start on the glowl nuts. With the flat edge of the blade, they crack open the shell and toss the innards in whole. The dried Aldina berries and powdered eaurgen get measured out and tossed in with no other preparation. Finally, they uncork the two vials and pour them in, one in each hand.
Dean hung up the phone, then ran to the bottom of the stairs and yelled up, “Cas! Jack! We’ve got a baby to meet!”
Cas spared him a brief glance, but otherwise ignored him in favor of sitting down in his favorite booth at the front of the diner. He started to absentmindedly play with the salt shaker to fill the time.
Jack put down Miracle’s paw, where he had been trying to teach him to shake. “I think I want to try being human.” He sighed. “My whole life so far has been dedicated to my angel side. Fighting my father, and my grandfather and trying to save the world. But I’m half human too. I’d like to experience things as humans do. Maybe see the world.” He paused for a moment. “I’d like to visit my mother. I can come and go between heaven and earth as I wish now. I think she’ll be proud of me.”
The drag queen sighed disappointedly and called back into the living room. “Hey, is your name Dean?”
Dean gasps like an affronted maiden.
Brief mention of past ambiguously underge sex
Dean let go of her hand. “Yes, I’m going to go home with my boyfriend.”
Sam handed Harry over, then tried to contort his neck to look properly over his shoulder. It didn’t look good. With a curse under his breath, he left the room.
Sam turned to Jack. “And you, kid, good to finally see you. What were you up to upstairs?”
Sam took his slice of pie and splatted it into Dean’s face. Sam couldn’t stop himself from laughing at Dean's unamused expression. The slice of pie slowly fell off and landed back on the plate with a small thud.
“Cas,” Dean admonished. He sat next to Cas and pulled his legs up so his knees were over Dean’s lap. Cas buried his head into Dean’s shoulder.
“Oh.”
Cas followed him into the bedroom. He found Dean lying face down across the bed with his feet dangling off the end.
“If you know about us, then you know what we do. You know we can kill you.” Sam cocks the gun for emphasis.
“Oh, I should not have told you that.”
world. These will stand up to any test and appear on any database, guaranteed, or he’ll pay our bail funds himself. He and Charlie also hacked all police and FBI records for us so when we use these it won’t alert the authorities. Even though we’re technically dead, our names would probably flag up an alert so they had to erase all of those. Took a while. We have a
Dean backed down. He knew he wasn’t going to win this argument.
“That’s a good boy.”
“Nothing, I’m fine.”
“And who’s this?” Becky asked.
Harry proceeded to give Miracle a much gentler hug.
Cas looks behind himself to see the clearing extending several yards in the opposite direction, almost doubling his initial perspective.
Cas whips his head around trying to locate the source of the voice, but the bunker shows no other signs of life.
“Oh yeah, the boys at Phi Kappa Psi are great fun.”
She asked upon seeing Sam’s dismissive face.
Jack listed his order.
“Once in college doesn’t count.”
“Uh, where’s Dean?” There was a strange twinkle in Sam’s eyes, as if he was making a joke, but Cas had no idea what it was.
She lets out a sharp breath and pushes her hair back from where it’s stuck to her face with sweat.
Jack walked into the middle of the room, his arms by his sides with his palms facing forwards, and closed his eyes. His face was expressionless for a minute then he lightly furrowed his brow. One of the lightbulbs above Jack's head burst, though he didn't seem to notice, he just clenched his hands into fists. Dean didn't have a great view of him from the back of the barn, but it seemed his lips were moving, like he was talking to someone Dean couldn't see. Two more lightbulbs burst with loud bangs. Jack's eyes were open now, but were focused off into the distance. He was shouting, screaming, but no sounds were coming from his mouth. The final bulb shattered with a shower of sparks that fell to the ground and smoldered in the hay. He reached forward, grabbed something invisible from the air and pulled with all his strength.
“I fart in my sleep?!”
She sat down on the couch in Sam’s lap and started to snack on the after-dinner cheese platter that Jody had just brought out.
Jack smiled and sprinted away. Dean instantly regretted his decision; Jack and Claire always brought out the worst in each other. Their meetups always ended up with at least one broken bone or federal law. Cas had nearly thrown a fit when he discovered the two of them on the roof of the house at two in the morning with a bottle of whiskey last time she stayed over.
Dean slowly turned to face Cas and clapped a hand to his shoulder with a slow, dumbfounded blink.
“I’m going to be an uncle?”
“Because Sam is stronger than you.”
“Look, she’s a fine lady, okay? She deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. I’m saving her for something special, not some salad or whatever it is you eat.”
He pointed towards a few hundred yards behind the boat at a small hand sticking up from the water.
“Tell me you’ve got good news, Louis.”
Dean repeated the movement. “See. Moose.”
“Cas, I–”
“Hmm. That too.”
Dean stumbled groggily to the door. Someone he hoped he would never see again was standing there.
“Bubble baths,” Eileen mouthed at Sam with over-exaggerated speech marks and winked.
“There!”
a compromise. I’m using my eyes, you can have the ears.”
The bar was down a dingy back alley, which wasn’t his cause for concern; most of the bars he went to were. What made him pause was that the bar was actually incredibly well-lit for its location due to the neon lights covering the front. Above the door were a series of flags, the first being a rainbow-striped flag, and the rest were patterned with colors in arrangements he didn’t recognize.
“Uh, sure,”
Dean fully opened the patio door and Miracle came bounding in and ran to Cas.
am Castiel. My vessel was damaged, so I needed to take another one. Dean volunteered.”
“No,” he says firmly.
“Nah, he’s got this,” Dean smirked.
“Hey!” Dean picked up a pea from his plate and used his fork to catapult it into Cas’s forehead. It bounced off and rolled onto the floor, where it was quickly scavenged by a hungry Miracle.
Sam huffs a laugh. “He doesn’t want you driving, huh?”
“That was close.” Claire put a hand over her chest. “Yikes, my heart’s beating faster than that time a werewolf cornered me down an alleyway.”
Cas pushed him with such strength down the stairs that he stumbled and fell to the ground, scuffing his knees in the gravel.
Dean led them all through the patterned oak door he’d commissioned from a local carpenter and down a short, cream-wallpapered hallway.
“Do what?”
“Technically yes, for a short time, and then I’ll die from my wounds.”
Dean searched through his brain but came up blank. There weren’t many bars near him he hadn’t been to yet. It must be one of those new builds. “No, never heard of it.”
Sam looked a bit confused but let it go. He went back to talking to Cas, but he wasn’t listening. He watched out the window as Dean walked away.
They smile at each other over their shared grievance.
Dean ignored all of his brother's interjections and tweaked the end of Jack’s nose.
ever going to get a job, or do I have to support this family alone?”
The guy who laughed had large, rippling muscles, visible even under his ill-fitting gown, and was holding hands with an identically dressed girl with elaborately styled curly dark brown hair.
“Our pet?” Sam shoots a sideways glance at Dean.
“You made that same joke last time, too.”
He barely took a swing with the blade before Cas kicked it out of his hands, sending it flying. He grabbed the man by the chin with his left hand and pulled his angel blade from his inside pocket with his right. He spun it around in his fingers and pointed the tip of the blade into the man's jaw, right at the junction with his neck.
He had had an absolutely spectacular orgasm once with Cas whispering what he thought was unimaginably filthy things in his ear. Cas had later informed him he had just told Dean it was his turn to do the dishes.
He stared down at him pensively.
Cas flaps just his right wing, and watches the feathers ripple and fall back into place. “Hmm. It seems I have full control over them. That’s good.”
“Dean, stop hogging him. Let Cas have a go,” Sam berated.
“Good, I’m dead hungry.”
“Dean.”
Dean had listened to Cas rehearse that speech for weeks. It was boring as hell.
“Loving every second. How’re you? Staying in trouble?”
“It’s not that.”
Dean laughed at his own joke because no one else was going to, and looked back to the mature end of the table. Once his back was turned, Jack poked a finger to his, Claire, and Kaia’s glasses, turning the contents into a deep red wine.
“Nice work, kid. Knew you had it in you. The first one in the family to go to college,” he congratulated, with a painful pinch to Jack’s cheek.
“Christ, kid. Can’t you walk?”
Dean pulled him back in for another bone-crushing hug and ignored his flailing.
"I'm never letting you go. Ever. I love you."
Use of the F slur.
Dean finished up the stitches, wiped it down with antiseptic then covered it in a large plaster.
Mention of alcohol as a coping mechanism.
“How much I envied them and their free will! Free from orders, free from the fight. When I was tasked with pulling you from hell, I spent hours gazing upon your soul in reverence. Even after all that time down there, you still shone brighter than any other I’d ever seen. I thought I knew then why they called you The Righteous Man, but spending all these years in your company has shown me more and more every day how much you deserve that title.
Sam winces at the tumble. “I’ll get the keys.”
“And then I tried to order another from a mannequin for twenty minutes.”
Cas tucks his wings to his back and sends them away from this dimension and lets his eyes fade back to Dean’s soft green. “Side table,” Cas states by way of instruction.
After twelve blissful hours of silence, Sam pulls into the bunker’s garage, his limbs stiff from sitting for so long and his stomach rumbling. He flicks open the pocket knife he keeps in his back pocket and walks around to the other side of the car.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, true. But you know what was worse than that? That first month he became human.
“Dean,” Sam scolded, looking down at Harrison, who was luckily too busy shaking Miracle’s paw to notice. To date, it was the only trick they had ever managed to teach him.
“Yeah?”
“Really? I didn’t think we were acting all that different.”
“I’ve been dropping hints for ages and you’ve done nothing! I stopped wearing a shirt to bed!”
“Nuh-uh, no alcohol at the kids’ table.”
Donna started to pass around a second bottle of wine, the first one already empty. Jack tried to grab it when it made its way near to him, but Dean snatched it away.
Cas and Dean both move their legs at the same time to try and move to the trunk and lose their balance. They land awkwardly on Dean’s shoulder where he is unable to catch his fall due to his cuffed hand.
“Alright, sassy pants. Let me guess what she wanted.” He held up a finger in turn. “One: she’s gotten into trouble again. Two: she’s got a new girlfriend. Three: Jody wants us to come for dinner.” Cas and Claire’s conversations didn’t usually deviate far from the norm.
They both chuckle softly. Cas lowers the hand from Dean’s waist, brings it around his hip and down his thigh to his knee. “They seem sturdy enough to me,” he teases and leans back in for another chaste kiss.
The waitress from earlier came over to take their order. She kept side-eyeing Dean for not sitting down, then left with a small huff.
He walks through the never-ending identical hallways to the front door, where he was pretty sure the sound came from and suddenly stops, the cause of the noise becoming obvious.
“Morning, Cas,” Dean said, groggily, closing his eyes again, “d’you want coffee?”
The toddler ran smack into Cas’s legs and hugged him. Cas bent to pick him up and placed him on his hip.
“You said you’d be home by one. It is eight am. Do you know how worried I’ve been? Anything could have happened to you!”
“Of course. Why would I do anything else?”
After a few minutes of tugging, and Dean’s very unhelpful yelling of “Pivot!”, they managed to get the sarong free, albeit with a small rip in the hem.
“Cas, buddy, what’s happening?”
The second day of driving goes much like the first. Cas starts to recognize the cassettes playing from the stereo from repeated use. The landscape remains mostly unchanged for miles; just acres of fields and dirt. Sam sits quietly in his seat, headphones in his ears, staring out the window.
“Go on. Or no treat.”
Dean glanced down towards the shoreline. Jack and Miracle were splashing in the shallows of the ocean. Jack scooped up a handful of water in his hands and poured it over Miracle’s head. Miracle retaliated by shaking his whole body, drenching Jack.
She picked up the life jacket and put it back onto his protesting body, making sure to buckle it extra tight.
She jots down the order and disappears back into the kitchen.
“Angel, huh?” Everett snarls. He chucks the shotgun back on the counter and pulls out an angel blade instead.
Harry ran straight to Miracle and hugged him tightly around the neck. Cas caught up with them.
“Amazing,”
It’s a short walk to the roadside diner. It looks indistinguishable from any other restaurant of its sort Cas has ever seen before, with its checkered floors, neon signs, and lingering coffee stains. There are only a few patrons inside this early in the morning: a young giggling couple with brand-new matching wedding rings on their fingers looking over a map, a withered old trucker with extreme tan lines on his left arm reading a newspaper while tucking into his greasy fried breakfast, and a small boy alone at the table with an iPad.
“And false pretenses, my ass!” Paul continued. “There’s a picture of the two of you on the counter. His fault if he didn’t notice.”
“Do you want to test it?”
“Fine!” he concedes. “You may speak to Sam. When we’re not in public,” he adds sternly when he feels Dean gearing up to speak.
An old hunter friend of theirs, Gail, was looking to retire a bit from the life; her knees weren’t what they used to be, and she couldn’t have ghosts throwing her up against walls anymore. They gave her the keys to the bunker so she could help other hunters with the lore and still save people, even if it was in a slightly less hands-on manner.
“It’s my body, I shouldn’t have to share at all.”
She held her hand out in front of herself and admired how the light gleamed off the jewels.
“He can fly!”
“He says thank you.”
He doused the car in soapy water and murmured apologies to her for allowing her to get into such a state in the first place. He had just started washing down Baby’s hood with the sponge when he heard the front door creak open.
Becky looked suddenly murderous. “Who’s Eileen?”
knows how to fly under the radar. Here,”
Dean is silent for a few seconds before hesitantly replying
“One more thing.” Cas reaches for the chair at his desk and pulls it close to the bed. “Sit here.”
Dean smirked. “Bet you’d look sexy in glasses. I’d look stupid. You won’t love me anymore.”
“Yes ma’am.”
Dean pulls out of the kiss, hindered by his annoying human need to breathe, and rests his forehead against Cas’s.
he continues his never-ending stream of complaints.
He walked away muttering, “I’m so sorry, my babies. I won’t let them hurt you again.”
They get back to their feet. They avoid three more fireballs, Cas trusting Dean to call the shots so she can’t hear, until she casts a new spell, one she hadn’t said before. The angel blade flies from Cas’s hand and whistles through the air before landing in hers. With a maniacal laugh, she pushes them backward till their hips hit the desk and stabs down, pinning Cas’s hand to the solid oak.
Dean let himself into the house late in the evening, with a thoughtful expression on his face.
“What do you mean?” Cas replied.
—” Each word was punctuated by another punch to the face, “—use language like that again. Do you understand me?”
“Well done.” Cas smiled proudly at him.
“I still have the mental scars, Sammy! I may have done a lot in my time, but monster-fucking is a big no-no.”
Cas’s hands fall to his leg as he folds in pain. He presses his palm over the wound to try and stop the bleeding, but it does little good. “Perhaps I should have specified. I
From her slightly undignified position on the floor, she tried to yank her skirt free, but it wasn’t budging. Cas looked like he was about to help, but realized it might be inappropriate for him to put his hands so close to a lady’s thigh, so he offered up the job to Sam.
Cas lets go for a split second to reach around his back and grab the handcuffs from the other side. He pulls Dean’s wrist behind himself and clips the free side of the cuff to his belt loop.
Dean’s voice finally faded from earshot as they rounded the corner.
“Yep,” Dean said smugly.
Jack pulled a tightly rolled blunt from his jacket pocket.
“Well, Eileen is.” Sam said, after taking a few breaths to replenish his oxygen supply.
Sam raises his eyebrows in question at Cas, who responds with a curt nod.
“Charlie! This is a gay bar!” Dean gasped.
He slammed the door, then leaned his head against the wood and sighed. “Oh my god, she’s more annoying than I remembered.”
Sam squatted down next to the bed and put his arm around Eileen. Dean took out his phone, the latest model that he’d only had a week, and pointed it at them. They both smiled genuine smiles at the camera. Dean took the picture and showed them.
Bachelor of Science
The trucker finally noticed Dean’s presence and turned to snarl at him.
“Becky,” Dean started tentatively. “All that stuff, Chuck dusting you, us fighting him, that was four years ago. You’ve spent four years trying to find us?”
“Yeah, where’s Amber?” Dean asked Claire judgmentally.
“Why?”
Cas had already made his way to the other seat in the back by the time Sam got in. Dean took Sam’s door before he could shut it and leaned in.
Sam picks up Cas’s blade from the counter and tucks it into his jacket pocket then links his arm through Dean’s, who is too busy still arguing with Cas to register until it’s too late. Cas allows them to be led from the shop and Dean mercifully stops arguing once they’re outside. Well, arguing out loud.
Cas quickly shakes his head no.
“Seriously though, when did you become such a poet? That was beautiful.”
“Yeah, Cas is going to be jealous if you get any more handsy with that thing.” Sam joined in.
“Oh, screw you. You’re just mad that he has a higher body count than you.”
“I’m not gay.”
He can feel confusion flooding Dean’s mind.
They get to the top of the stairs and pause.
“That was the most fucking stressful moment of my life,” he breathed into Cas’s shoulder.
Dean sits in front of the new television in the Dean Cave and gets nice and comfy. Sam is out for the day so he can do whatever he wants, and there was a feature-length episode of Doctor Sexy released at Christmas that he’s been dying to watch, but it’s never fit in with his schedule. Until today.
“Didn’t need to. It seems fate is on my side today.”
“We’ll think about it. It’s a while until Don retires.”
“And before that?” Sam prompted.
Dean slung his arm over Cas’s shoulders and followed Jack and Zehra towards the parking lot, overhearing their very animated conversation about the latest TikTok dance trend. “Me neither, babe.”
He didn’t have a second to register what was happening before Dean closed the already small gap between them and kissed him until he was breathless.
Dean retook Cas’s hands and opened the sliding door. Stepping through, Cas noticed for the first time the pale yellow fairy lights wrapped around the trees at the back of the clearing.
“Alright! Burgers for everyone! One for Cas, one for Jack, no pickles.” He set the plates down in front of each of them in turn, ruffling Jack’s hair as he walked past, then went to the other side of the table. “And one veggie burger with actual veggie bacon for Sam.”
“It’s a fairly straightforward counterspell, given the strength of the witch who cast the first curse. We should be able to pull it off. We’ll need several ingredients, most of which is we should have in the bunker, some we’ll have to travel for, but the most difficult will be the blood of the witch who cast the first curse.”
“God damn it, why does no one ever name their kids after me?”
Cas leaves Dean’s room, and hopefully, Dean’s nonsense, behind him. His former vessel is exactly where he left it, lying motionless on the table. Sam scrapes at his plate with his cutlery on one of the side tables on the other side of the room with his back to the vessel.
“Good so far. Classes are fun, and I hardly ever sleep so I have a lot of time to catch up on homework.”
“I didn’t want to squash him,” Sam defended himself.
Dean can’t help but scoff a laugh. “Yeah, no kidding, buddy. Who did this to you?”
A few minutes after they’d finished their ice creams, a man walked past advertising paddleboat rentals. Dean instantly jumped at the opportunity.
Cas smiles. “Of course. There’s a village about a mile from here.”
“Let’s go, then!” Jack said cheerfully to everyone. He looked around for a moment and found Harry a few yards away, now letting the snail crawl across his cheek. He whined when Jack placed the snail back in the dirt and wiped his sleeve across the trail on his face.
Dean wrapped his arms around him from the other side and kissed him too.
Damn. Witches could be sneaky when they wanted. “We’ll find her. She can’t hide forever.”
Cas sits and looks at his bacon sandwich for several minutes after the waitress leaves. Sam tucks into his own meal and scrolls through his phone, searching for cases in the area by force of habit. The young couple walks up to the counter to pay, then heads outside to a beat-up Volkswagen camper with a hand-painted ‘Just Married’ sign on the back.
“Obviously not. Do you see a woman in white anywhere?”
“That’s my girl. So why the call? You need something?”
“Now, where would the fun be in that?” she smiled back.
“An egg white omelet for me, please,” Sam politely orders.
“Jack brought everyone back.”
“I’m used to it. You’re not.”
This would also be the first time he’d be cooking for Sam and Eileen. They had decided to have Thanksgiving with just the three of them, as it was their first holiday as a family. Sam had burnt the stuffing. And the gravy. And the mashed potatoes. Dean had no idea how he was related to such a disaster of a chef.
“Sammy!” he exclaimed and enveloped his unsuspecting brother in a hug. Over Sam's shoulder, he could see Eileen sitting up in the bed with a small bundle of blankets in her arms. Dean threw Sam away from him and walked towards her.
“Rude.”
Sam snaps his fingers in front of their face to get their attention. “Guys, we came here for a reason, remember?”
“Oh my god! Dean!” She squealed and pulled him in for an organ-squeezing hug.
If it were possible, Dean would be pouting.
“What about your super-strong CrossFit knees?” Dean asks while squeezing them.
Dean settled in his favorite spot on the couch, wiggled his butt into the long-established indent, and dragged a blanket over his lap. He reached for the remote to turn on the TV then kicked his feet up on the rest Cas had bought him to stop putting his feet on the coffee table. He groaned.
Dean didn’t stop his pacing. “I messed up, Sammy. I messed up big time.”
“No, you’re a pain in my ass.”
“I asked him first. He’s got to watch Harrison.”
“Seriously? It’s gone three o’clock! Have you two just got up?”
Cas takes a slightly more confident step.
Sam doesn’t lower his aim on the gun as Cas walks over to his former vessel, limping significantly from the gunshot wound and mentally sighing at the new blood staining the floor he just mopped. He retrieves his angel blade from his trench coat pocket and, with a deep breath to steady himself, he cuts a small slice to his palm, just deep enough for the blue-white light of his grace to weakly shine through.
Dean walked back into the kitchen, muttering about how he couldn’t believe he was dating someone who didn’t like cheese on their burgers.
“Two rooms, please. Whatever you have,” Cas beats Sam to reply.
Dean wishes he had more time to think, but Cas is getting paler by the second, the color draining out of him and onto Dean’s hands. “Oh, what the hell. I’ve got nothing in the diary for a couple days. Yes.”
“Not today. He’s back at college now.”
Cas angrily turns the page and skim-reads through the next paragraph.
Miracle collapsed back into his bed with a huff. Within moments, he was back to sleep. He spent most of his time asleep these days, only rising for food. Dean tucked the blanket back over his body and gave him a light scratch behind his ear.
She winked at him.
“Shall we go upstairs?” Eileen said loudly, trying to diffuse the fight before it got any further.
“Spit up doesn’t come off that easily. I’ll just change.”
Warnings in the end notes
Sam pops the lid of the vial and holds it out in front of them. Cas pushes the solid pulp back with the pestle. “Tilt it.”
“Sex… between you and me?”
Sam thinks for a moment before snapping his fingers. “Yeah, I think I know a guy. Everett. Runs a shop up in Seattle. I’ll give him a call, see if he can get it. What about that?” He points to the next one down.
“Well, at this rate, you’re not going to propose until he’s in high school, so–”
The four of them span around at the sound of Sam’s voice. They all stood tightly together like sardines in an invisible container to block the wreckage from Sam’s view.
“Oh, Sam told me everything before I went to college. I know why condoms are important. He told me what happened with the watermelon.”
Cas wanders aimlessly around the shop for lack of anything better to do, running his fingertips over the spotless counters. A small dream catcher on the wall catches Dean’s attention, and he picks it up, bouncing it a few times to make the feathers dance.
“Dean, what’s wrong?”
“Thank you, Paul,” Dean said, nodding at the regular.
The sight of Jack in the most unkempt state they’d ever seen him in was enough to make even Dean stop chewing for a second. But only a second.
“The kitchen. I had to completely gut this room. The old counters were shot to shit and the fridge was from the thirties, so they all had to go. Had to redesign the layout but it gave me a chance to add this sexy lady,” he ran his hands over an enormous, industrial-sized stove. “One of the few things I miss about the bunker was that kitchen, so I tried to copy as much of it as possible.”
“I wanted you to have the full experience. And just so you know, I will be accepting zero criticism. This place has been my baby for months. Even Cas wasn’t allowed to help.” Dean lightly stroked the doorframe.
Cas tilts his head to the side, confused by his sudden hostility, before gasping in realization. “Oh, right. I forgot humans can’t see grace. Sam,
Cas signed at Eileen as they met in the parking lot in the mall.
She considered it for a moment. “Hmm. Nah. We pretty much agreed we were going to break up after college, anyway. We’ve got different career paths ahead of us. He wants to join the Cleveland Browns,” she finished with a small grimace.
The next few weeks were a personal Hell for Sam, more so than his own experience down there. If Lucifer had really wanted to torture him, he would have played images of his brother and his best friend making out in every room in the bunker with no regard for its other occupants. He couldn’t even get a smoothie without seeing Dean’s hand creeping under Cas’s waistband where he had him shoved up against the fridge.
Jack plumped a cushion for Dean to rest his head on. “I told him you were alright, but he didn’t believe me.”
“They’re only just calling out the Ds, Dean. It will be a while before Jack’s turn.”
“Okay!” he replied, and turned back to his parents, unfazed.
Cas drank more. “This stuff is disgusting.”
“That’s not–” Dean shook his head. “Never mind. I’m gonna go get some–” he gestured vaguely at the food stall.
“And finally, the master bedroom,” he said gleefully.
“Mornin’, Sammy!”
“Sorry, Dean, but it is necessary,” he says through gritted teeth. “I can’t waste my grace healing an infection right now.
“You okay there, Cas?”
“Human you is such a dog. I’m nearly done, okay?”
They followed after Cas to get the ice cream and headed back to the others, all of them juggling multiple lollies in their fingers thanks to Jack’s massive order.
“Love you, too.”
Dean addressed the room of nosy diners, who were all still gawking at the scene. “Anyone else got a problem with me and Cas?”
“Dean? What’s wrong?”
“No, no, no, Cas.” Dean squeezed his hand tighter. “I didn’t talk to you because I couldn’t say anything in front of Sam. How am I supposed to just have a regular conversation with you after a confession like that?” He laughed. “I was staring at you because I was worried if I looked away for a second you’d disappear on me again. And I wasn’t disgusted. I was embarrassed you’d caught me staring.”
To anyone watching, it would seem like they had lapsed into silence, but Cas can feel Dean’s mind working at a mile a minute, trying to find the right thing to say.
“You went out for dinner."
Dean followed him into the room. His eyes were a bit glassy, and he seemed to have trouble focusing. Sam was doing his best to hide behind his much shorter brother. He was even more out of it than Dean.
“He’s coming too, huh?” Sam tries to say nonchalantly.
He sighed. “It’s just… You were so good with the baby today.”
Damn him for saying sexy things when Dean was still mad at him.
Cas focuses all of his energy, causing the rest of his body to vibrate slightly, but the arm doesn’t budge.
“It’s the truth.”
Dean scoffed. “Never. For the longest time, I thought hunting was the only life I’d get. Thought it was the only one I wanted. Days on the road, you by my side. One monster after the other, each one bigger and badder than the last. But now? Now I wouldn’t go back to that life for anything.” Dean took another drag.
“Great, just what we need right now,” Dean groaned.
“What if the cops see? They’re going to think you’re about to murder me.”
“We make fake IDs all the time.”
“That’s not a word.”
“It’s a cleansing agent. It is immensely powerful. It will help scrub my vessel of the curse inflicted on it.”
Cas hid his face in his hands to avoid the critical looks heading his way.
He opened his eyes and looked around. The room was dark, which was good for his poor, hungover eyes, but bad for assessing his surroundings.
“What? How are you…?”
At the rental place, the man Dean had seen earlier handed them all life jackets, that they all fastened, and led them out to the boats.
Dean knows it’s a meaningless gesture; Cas could still smite him if he wanted, but Everett seems to trust Cas a bit more now. He picks up the blade and chucks it behind the counter. Without turning his back to Cas, he un-pins a poster labeling the chakras from the wall to reveal a sigil, which he scratches through with the tip of his blade.
Oh no. Dean knew that voice. That was Cas’s angry voice. He was so dead.
“You’re a terrible influence. On Harry and me.”
“I’m not feeling very well.”
, rush
“It’s not a big deal.”
Warnings in the end notes
“Shit. I thought you were Cas.  What are you doing here?”
“That’s more like it!”
“Cas’s idea. This was our compromise ‘cause I wouldn’t let him get an actual cat.”
She pushes her hands out towards them. Dean can feel a gush of power rush into him, but it just whistles through his hair. Sam isn’t so lucky. He feels himself get pushed backward and is held to the peeling wood by an invisible force, his gun getting knocked from his hand. His head hits the wall hard and he struggles to keep his consciousness as blood seeps into his shirt collar.
Sam looks over at Cas for confirmation. He nods once.
By the time they got to the second floor, Dean had Cas pinned up against the wall with his arms bracketing Cas’s head, their faces inches apart. They jumped apart when they saw they had company.
“Dean? We’re here.”
“An hour ago. My nephew has been on this earth for a whole hour and you only tell me now?”
He wasn’t kidding. Claire had dragged him to a pride parade the previous summer and he’d happily bought the pink, purple and blue striped shirt from the overpriced merch stall. Cas had made more of a fuss over the rainbow tie Dean had tried to buy him, saying ‘Angels have no concept of gender, so while I may have a biologically male body and present as male while using he/him pronouns, I would be just as comfortable in any other body or clothing. And while I am in a relationship with a man, I see people for their souls and could just as easily fall in love with anyone of any gender presentation.’ Dean had just told him to shut the fuck up and wrapped the tie around his neck anyway.
His tone of voice implied that was the end of the discussion.
“Bisexual,” he corrected reflexively.
Eileen's eyes lit up, and she leaned forwards in anticipation. “Well, now I have to know everything.”
“Had sex. I see why you like it so much. It’s very fun.” Jack skewered a potato on his knife and popped it into his mouth whole.
“That wasn’t me.” He notices the trucker across from him eyeing him with interest, so he picks up his menu to cover his face and whispers out of the corner of his mouth. “Dean, what the hell was that?”
“It’s for your sake. Dean is very into watching trash television at 3 a.m. I thought you might want to sleep tonight.”
“Hey, I’m a great babysitter.”
Harry barely stirred as he was moved. He only let out a slight whine, then scrunched his face up and went back to sleep.
Cas offered to go with Sam and Eileen to the ice cream parlor they’d seen a few yards up the beach while Dean watched the kids.
“Not the ghost, the bride!” he stage-whispered.
“Uh, the latest addition to your antique doll collection?” Sam teased.
Sam smiled, then sat down at the table and propped his phone up on a stack of books and started up a video call.
“Very alternative,” Sam muttered under his breath.
Dean shot a pointed look at Cas, who just shook his head lightly in response.
Cas turned to look at him fully. “I want to be human. I want to cut my grace out.”
“Get in, then," he said after a few seconds, when Cas just stood there.
“Why would I—?” Cas starts then decides against it. Dean was just being ridiculous, as usual.
“Sure kid, cupboard above the fridge.”
There are hundreds of insects rustling around him, something he wouldn’t be able to hear without Cas’s celestial assistance. A bird lets out a soft coo that he’s never heard in a tree to his right.
“Yes, I know, but sometimes it’s easier to see these things from the outside. Give her time.” He patted Dean on the shoulder sympathetically. “It took you twelve years.”
“I don’t want to kill you, either.” Cas brushes her hand away.
Jack headed off to his bedroom the second they got back to upload all of the pictures onto his laptop, leaving Cas and Dean alone.
“I’m bored!” he complains in a tone Cas has come to find very familiar in the last few days.
“Wow. That’s actually not bad. Who knew Chad from the frat was growing the good stuff?”
“That was hot as shit.” Dean met Cas halfway and kissed him full on the mouth, knowing the homophobe was still watching. “I knew there was a reason I liked you.”
Cas lowers his vessel into the new space. It’s snug, but he just about fits if he puts the rock salt-loaded shotgun on top of him. “It’ll do.”
Dean almost went to fist-bump the guy but stopped himself at the last minute. Don didn’t seem the type to appreciate that.
Sam looked pleasantly surprised. “That’s actually really thoughtful, Dean.”
Sam tried his hardest to ignore the pictures springing up in his mind, unwanted.
Cas wished the ground would swallow him up so no one would have to know he was ever even acquaintances with them. “Dean, sit down. You’re embarrassing yourself.”
Dean sat Cas down on the bench next to a simple silver-topped lantern, emitting a subtle blue glow from the small glass vial within it, and took a before steps back.
Cas walks back to Dean’s room, regardless of Dean’s whining. He sits on the bed and opens Dean's laptop, the facial recognition immediately letting him in. He can feel Dean’s relief when there are no tabs left open and his history has been fully deleted. Cas navigates to the Netflix tab and types in the search bar. Sensing defeat, Dean sighs.
“What do you mean? Of course, he’s going to come back to the bunker.” Dean stared quizzically at his brother.
Dean groaned again.
“Well, I couldn’t put Castiel,” Dean defended. He hoped Cas wouldn’t mind the new name too much. “Sounds way too biblical. People would think he was some cult dude with twelve wives or some shit. Casper seemed human enough, and you can still go by Cas.”
Cas doesn’t know what he’s talking about, so he takes a seat in the chair at the desk and cradles his hands in his lap.
“No, Harrison. You’ve had enough sugar today,” Sam said sternly.
He just whined and didn’t look up.
“He could hear me worrying all the way from California,” Cas yelled from the kitchen he’d disappeared into.
“Yeah, but these are real fake IDs. Charlie put me onto her friend, Benji, or at least, that’s what his name is at the moment, and he set me up with all of these. He did the same for everyone from Apocalypse World so they could exist in
“That’s four different ice creams! I’m not paying for all that!” Dean yelled.
Dean let out a cheer and high-fived Harry still raised hand. Sam didn’t look pleased.
He looked away from the bubbly woman in front of him. “Oh, uh, bye! See you around?”
The sound of more anger in Cas’s voice than he had ever heard caused him to freeze still just outside the front door. His feet felt like they were welded to the ground as he watched Cas get in his car and slam the door.
(Leonarda is named after the serial killer Leonarda Cianciulli. She absolutely did kill her husband. Different MO to her namesake, though.)
Cas tucks his blade back up his sleeve and clamps his hand down on Sam’s shoulder.
Dean smirked. “Yeah, it’s a good thing I get off on being told what a fucking dumbass I am.”
“Where are Claire and Jack?”
“Cool!” He started to head towards the kitchen when he looked back at Harry.
“Uhh,” Sam trails off. He opens the trunk and tosses out a few weapons he doubts he’ll need, and moves his duffel and the cooler to the backseat instead. “How's that?”
Dean made a series of silly faces at Harrison, who didn’t seem at all interested, and closed his eyes again.
Cas watched the purple light dance over Dean's content face, the shadows of the clouds reflecting on his eyes. Cas put his bottle down on the ground and took his hand.
Harry wiggled out of Cas’s arms and flopped onto the sand, but quickly righted himself the way only a young child could do.
“We’re coming, Harrison!” Sam called out.
Dean poked him. “It wouldn’t if you just wore the tie I got you.”
capable.”
“Five?”
“You know, it is my baby, not yours. I’m allowed to want to spend time with him alone.”
“Whoops. My bad.”
“Wow, really?”
It had been quieter in the bunker since Sam moved into Eileen's. Bigger, somehow. Emptier. Dean couldn’t remember how he used to live there with just the two of them.
Sam hesitantly gripped Dean’s wrist where it lay in front of him on the table. “Do you remember what I told you the first time you guys slept together?”
“So he’s old enough to be God, but sex is too much?” Cas said irately.
“I’ve nearly finished filling out this form,” Jack replied, oblivious. “It’s taking forever. Do you know what my social security number is?”
“Deal.”
“Dean!” Cas wraps his stronger, angelic fingers around Dean's wrist and clutches it close to his chest. “That’s it. You can’t be trusted with this.”
Cas sat on the bed. His face screwed up as he tried to find the right words.
“Much better.”
“They seem friendly.”
Dean evades.
Sam stammered, struggling to find the best words to appease this young girl with pure admiration on her face. “Uh, Cas has always been like this, so we’re just… used to it.” And failing.
She sets the plates in front of them then steps back. “Can I get you anything else?”
“Did you have a good walk, boy?” Cas scratched him on his sides.
“Nope,” Sam said with a smug smile. “One hundred percent sure.”
Inside, the empty vessel of Jimmy Novak is laying in the bed, exactly as he has for the last several days. They take out the spell ingredients, as well as a chopping board, a knife, and a large metal bowl that they stashed there a few days ago.
With a small chuckle, they left the bed and started dressing. Cas ended up wearing the shirt Dean had been wearing yesterday, as his own had made its way to the other side of the room with two buttons missing. Dean had spent another five minutes kissing him against the door when he saw that.
“We don’t need all this space anymore, and we don’t need all these books on monsters we ain’t ganking,” Dean continued.
Sam’s fears about having the two of them ganging up on him end up being unfounded; It turns out those two getting along is a whole lot worse than them fighting. Sam gets sick of them and leaves to join Jack on the spa retreat to try and cleanse his brain of all the horrible things he’s heard. It takes them three days to notice he’s gone.
“Claire!”
Claire clinked her glass into Jack’s.
Cas takes Dean’s phone out of his pocket and unlocks it with the thumbprint reader. He taps the Netflix app on the home screen and picks the first thing on his recommended list, some cowboy thing by the looks of the thumbnail. He props the phone up on a pile of discarded folders and watches the opening credits roll.
“Sp’ash, sp’ash, sp’ash,” he chirped, in a sing-song voice.
“Well,” she scoffed, “does anyone really know Casper Kline?”
He turns his head to see Sam lying prone on the floor, the spell pinning him to the wall broken upon its caster's death. A trickle of blood runs down his face from a wound at the top of his head.
Dean holds his hand out to Cas. Cas turns his hand upside down and presses their palms together. “Deal.”
Dean tugs at the cuffs for emphasis, causing the rest of Cas’s body to rock from side to side.
“Super stuffed,” Sam agreed, and patted his stomach.
“You are not understanding. We need to set the bone first.”
“He lives a few miles away. With Eileen,” Dean said pointedly.
“Yeah, ‘cause you’re going to give them junk food.”
“It wasn’t. I wouldn’t— Never mind. It won’t happen again.”
Sam turned to look at Dean, who still hadn’t moved, on the other side of the barn. “Uh, yeah. Great. We’d better, uh, get those kids home.”
“Obviously. Sorry I missed the wedding. I kind of had the police tracking my movements and I didn’t want to lead them to you.”
Dean explodes.
“Well, then you’re practically Supernanny,” Dean sassed.
“Murder is a business?” he scoffs.
“Thanks,” Sam mutters as he gets to his feet. He looks over at the still-smoking sockets in the body across the room. “Yikes.”
There were blackout curtains covering the windows to allow Dean to sleep in well past dawn. The dresser, ottoman, and bedside tables were all different styles but worked well together. The king-size bed had a large wooden headboard, soft cotton sheets and–
They finally got out of the car at Jody’s, and Dean could see Sam and Eileen share sighs of relief out of the corner of his eye.
“Yikes. It's what he deserves, I guess. So I tried to find a way to contact you guys. I figured you’d have an explanation. The number I had for Sam didn’t work anymore, so I looked into news reports around the country of anything demony, ghosty, vampirey, anything your M.O. I got to flex my RP skills a bit. It’s been a while since my old forum days. I pretended to be a reporter following up old cases, asked if the FBI had been involved. Mostly I got dead ends, but sometimes they gave me cards with rock aliases on them, but those numbers were out of service. I got a few other hunters, too. Most didn’t know you but some did, and some hung up on me the second I mentioned your name. You've pissed a lot of people off over the years.
“You’re not still crazy obsessed with him?”
“Oh, I didn’t mean to intrude. I’d better be off, anyway. Long drive home. Can I… call you?”
“And you?”
Jack Kline
“Is that him? I can’t tell. They all look the same in these stupid hats.”
Sam’s face lit up in realization, then quickly turned to disgust. “Oh, ew. Why bother then?”
“Agreed.”
Dean was the first to speak. “Shall we just settle for uncle? It’s what most kids call adults they aren’t related to but are still close to. Like we used to call Bobby ‘Uncle’ when we were kids.”
“You two.” Sam waggled his finger between his brother and the doorway Cas had just walked through. “I thought once you got all that unresolved sexual tension out of your systems you’d be easier to be around, but
She returns a few minutes later with a full pot of coffee and two ancient mugs, which she sets in front of them.
“They’re not physically here, just visibly.”
Cas, but my grace is very weak, so while a bullet won’t kill me, it still hurts.
He didn’t answer.
“It’s still true.”
"What? I don't flirt with her! I'm just being nice!"
“I have been told it’s not my forte.”
“Every time I’ve woken up and you’re spooning me, I’ve rubbed my ass against your crotch and you’ve never got hard!” Dean just about resisted the urge to throw his hands up in exasperation.
Cas sat with him on the couch. “What about Diego? He’s been there longer than you?”
Cas takes Dean’s phone out of his pocket with his free hand and quickly types ‘THE WAITRESS!’ in the messages app. He looks up just as she approaches carrying two laden plates. She looks confused as she takes in Cas’s unusual hand placement, but maintains her professional demeanor and doesn’t say anything. When he’s certain Dean has stopped talking, Cas lowers his hand.
Cas sighs, and pinches the bridge of his nose with his good hand. “Dean, are you embarrassed by nudity?”
Dean aggressively poked at his temple.
“School, then,” Sam said in an attempt to get the conversation back to a safe topic. “How have you found your first semester?”
“No! I’m married, too. I’ve definitely moved on.” She stroked the frame above the part containing Sam’s face. “He’s still so pretty though.”
“I didn’t think it would happen so soon, though. Why does it all feel like it’s hitting me at once?”
Sam picks up the book as he enters the room. “No luck, then?”
“I need to clean the bullet wound, too. I’ve spared enough grace to stop the bleeding, but I can’t waste any more on something non-fatal. It will need stitches.”
“That, Sammy, is how you charm a lady.”
“It’s been hard to find you when you’re vertical recently, Dean!”
Jack paused for a moment. “Maybe I can bring him back.”
Cas squinted his eyes. “I’ve killed thousands more than he has. And I don’t see how that’s relevant.”
Dean barely suppressed a giggle.
Dean breathes a sigh of relief but doesn’t move his hands. He runs his thumb over Cas’s cheekbone. “How’re you feeling?”
“You were very rude.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Cas could see Chloe run into the kitchen. Dean and the other staff followed her out a second later.
“It would appear,” Cas starts slowly, trying to hold off the litany of curse words Dean is spewing, “that Dean has gained some element of control over my vessel.”
Cas pauses for a minute. He’s never heard of a vessel remaining conscious during possession, not involuntarily anyway.
he insists.
“The power to curse fig trees.”
“Just make them shut up.”
“Did you have a nice swim, Harrison?” Jack booped him on the nose, causing him to giggle.
“Uh, Christmas present. For self-defense.”
“Well, why didn’t you tell me! Eileen promised she’d tell me as soon as it happened!” came Dean’s frustrated voice from downstairs.
“You’re so smart. You get that from me, you know.” Dean lightly tugged the tassel on Jack’s cap.
He jerked his head towards the front row, where Cas had heard every word and was just about resisting the urge to ball his hands into fists.
“Dean!” Cas whines, scandalized.
“I looked some places up and it looks like there’s a bar called The Saloon not far from you. Have you ever been?”
“Oh,” Cas took a small step out of his personal space, “I didn’t want to rush you.”
“No, I didn’t,” Dean garbled around a piece of garlic bread he’d picked off the counter.
He emerged from his bedroom, and walked to the front door, seemingly unphased by the two drunks in his house, and opened the front door.
“Okay, yes, I did do that. But that was, God, that was nearly twenty years ago. We weren’t dating at the time. Well, two can play at that game. Cas made out with a demon, too. And not for a deal.”
“And so deeply uncool compared to a bunch of hot chicks in bikinis.”
“And where did you get that knife?”
“And not just the physical sensations. I still remember how it felt the first time I saw you as a human. When I’d been lost and alone, and you came to find me. How desolate I felt when you kicked me out of the bunker. I want to feel that again, the good and the bad. I want to wake up with you every day, eat with you, grow old with you. I want to be human with you.”
did the smiting, you just moved your hand.”
“I’m not going back to purgatory.”
“Huh. It’s a big commitment.”
As he walked past Cas, he felt a hand reach out and grab his free one. Cas looked up at him with a doe-eyed expression.
All the adults in the room shared a questioning look. No one was quite sure what to say about that.
“We will only be gone a minute. He won’t even notice we’re gone.”
“As an angel, I could remember every second of my existence, and even now, those memories are crystal clear in my head. My human memories are fuzzier. I don’t remember what I ate for lunch last Thursday, or what score Jack got on his last project, but I would definitely remember the first time you told me you love me.”
Cas sets down the book again with more force than before, causing a small thud. “Dean, could you please focus?”
“Et tu, Brute? I've already got Sam and Claire hanging out my dirty laundry, I don't need you coming for me too. Are you still mad about that? I barely knew you then!”
Cas fills him in on the encounter with the pissed-off witch and the subsequent possession of his brother.
“Ten times in five minutes, dude. I thought something had happened to you.”
After dropping a very tired Charlie back to her motel and half carrying her into bed, Cas drove them both back home. Dean swore he hit every pothole, rounded every corner too sharply, and braked too hard to stop him from falling asleep again, but Cas insisted innocently that he just wasn’t used to driving this car.
“Can someone get that?” he yelled to the house and covered his ears. He could just about hear Cas’s thundering footsteps walking to the door.
“Okay so,” she let herself into the living room like she’d been coming there for years and settled in the seat Dean had just vacated. Dean sat on the other couch across the room to avoid being close to her. “A few years ago, Chuck showed up at my house with a copy of the last Supernatural book. It was awful, by the way. You, Sam, and Jack had this boring little battle with God at the side of a lake, then got killed and, like, it wasn’t even well written. So anticlimactic. Then Chuck snapped his fingers and made my kids and husband disappear.”
“What?” Dean briefly looked up from his wringing hands.
Sam purses his lips, unconvinced. “Oh yeah, well if you’re Cas, then I guess you won’t mind if I do this.”
Cas tries to cover his mouth again but isn’t quick enough. “Stop it! No speaking out loud! This is my mouth now!”
They wobble slightly, and have to pull on Sam’s hands for balance, but eventually, they make it upright.
That’s why Javier hadn’t been in contact. Poor guy.
Sam tried to waft the smoke away. “Oh don’t, you’ll make me stink.”
“Ew,” Dean commented as he entered the kitchen to check on the turkey and saw Sam with Harry on his knee. “Are you trying to poison him?”
“You won’t like it.”
“We’ve got until after the holidays to decide.”
He shrugged. “Maybe one am.”
? That was disgustingly soppy. I almost feel sick.”
“I taught him a lot of words. That’s all he remembers. That and beer.”
“I’m just counteracting the decomposition. I’ll heal the wounds more later.”
“Yes. I’m ready.”
“It would have happened earlier if not for me. I did you a favor.”
Cas was silent for a second and Dean couldn't see his face in the darkness to read his emotion. "That depends. Do you promise never to flirt with the barista at Starbucks anymore?"
“Shut the fuck up, Cas, yes we do,” Dean whispered through his teeth.
He jumped back into his seat, his feet getting hit by the pedals already turning from Cas’s frenzied cycling, and steered the boat around.
“Ugh, make it stop,” she grumbled, as she spat an errant feather out of her mouth.
Cas puts up his own hand. “
“Thank you.”
Dean slung his arm over Cas’s shoulders and headed back to the car.
Claire shrugged. “Usually.”
Cas's head snapped up. “Of course you are. You barely said a word to me at dinner. I kept catching you looking at me out the corner of your eye and you looked disgusted.” Cas’s voice choked up on that last word.
“Hmm. I’m going to table that discussion for later, but right now we need to do this.”
He tries to pull Dean’s hand higher, but it keeps wiggling out of his grip, slapping between his back and the seat. He jerks his whole body around to try and get a better reach on the arm, but his right leg stays stubbornly fixed in place. A feeling of malicious glee overtakes Dean’s mind and he waggles the right foot up and down a few times.
. For the first few billion years of existence, I believed in God's way, following the divine path. But that wasn’t really
They creep up the rotten wood stairs and across the creaking porch, cursing every footstep rattling through the place.
“Really?” Dean stares in bewilderment at his brother.
“Don’t be a stranger. Bring your brother to see me sometime when he’s back to normal.”
Despite the confidence in his voice, Cas still tightly grabs onto the railing.
Cas found a top with a picture of a sheep on it that he liked. He walked over to a nearby shop assistant.
“That’s cool.” Becky looked genuinely impressed.
Cas summons his blade and takes a swing at her which she easily ducks under. She rolls across the floor to snatch a wrought-iron candlestick from an oak desk and uses it to parry his next blow, giggling the whole time.
“You’re never going to let that go, are you?”
Sam shuddered to try and clear his head of thoughts of being briefly attracted to his best friend.
Dean snatched it out of Cas’s hand. “I’ve seen you stoned. It is not a pretty sight. You can’t be trusted with that.”
Cas picks the flowers off their stems and grinds the petals into a pulp. They release a surprising amount of juice for something so little.
“Sorry. So what’s up with you guys? Hunting free life?”
Sam rubs his hand across the back of his neck. “I may have also made mojitos.”
“At the time. But who knows what might have happened if I hadn’t walked in.”
“They’re also for making friends. And having fun. C’mon. No chickening out now.”
"Cas, we good?” Sam whispers and points at the front of the building.
Cas handed Eileen a pair of pale cream baby booties, intricately knitted with impossibly tiny stitches, and a small bow on each side.
Eight hours later, they are still arguing. Sam feels distantly sorry for the neighbors on the other side. He hopes they had headphones, too.
Dean’s smile didn’t falter. “What for? You’ve almost finished your food. There’s obviously nothing wrong with it.”
Sam frowned with confusion at his brother.
“Oh, you didn’t like that? How about—”
Dean was happy to get the topic away from Sam.
. Dean blew a kiss at him.
Cas hovers his hand over the wound, fusing the bones together and stitching up the skin with a blast of grace.
“The diner’s pie line is becoming very successful, and training Zehra as my apprentice is going very well.”
“Stupid house in the middle of nowhere,” Sam muttered under his breath.
“Heya, Cas,” Sam greets.
Dean corrects.
Cas drops his hands and tries to reason with the voice in his head.
Sam is on the highway for about half an hour on the second day before he glances over at Cas, who has a pained, almost constipated look on his face. More than usual, anyway.
“I’m hungry. I thought this would be quicker. I’ve missed your cooking,” he said as they walked back to the kitchen.
he thinks before he can stop himself.
The woman immediately starts talking in rapid-fire Italian, waving her hands, asking a lot of questions by her inflection.
“You made Cas Jack’s dad?”
“My apologies,” Cas adds when Dean shows no signs of remorse.
“Play that new game I got you, okay? I won’t be long.” She kisses him on the forehead and heads back into the kitchen.
Dean watched with rapt attention and an utterly enamored look on his face. He didn’t notice Sam had walked into the room and was surveying the scene until Cas turned around with the finished food and spoke.
"Yeah, I made a deal to bring your sorry ass back from the dead. You're welcome by the way."
“What?”
Dean ended his big speech looking at Sam, expecting congratulations for his improved behavior and acceptance, but was just met with Sam, wide-eyed and slack-jawed, staring back at him.
Cas smiled fondly at Dean’s grumpy morning attitude. He walked to the kitchen, barefoot, not bothering to redress properly. Jack was already there, wearing the same clothes as yesterday. Sam walked in a moment after Cas did. He was sweaty and flushed, wearing his jogging clothes. He looked Cas up and down and raised an eyebrow at his appearance. Jack missed the whole exchange and kept eating his cereal.
Sam turns to Cas, a disapproving look on his face. “That was kinda rude, Cas.”
“I’m sorry I yelled at you,” Eileen whispered over the top of Harry’s head.
“I thought we were queer?” Dean added with a smirk.
“Good riddance.” The man spat at the ground by his feet.
“My father said it would be important one day.” Cas tapped the baby’s nose. “This baby is much prettier.”
has satisfactorily pursued the studies and passed the examinations required to earn the degree of
“Say no more.”
“No.”
Dean gave his brother a pointed look, and Sam winced. He’d forgotten he wasn’t exactly the hero of that story.
Sam looks up at the sound of his name but quickly realizes that Cas isn’t talking to him. He still preens under the praise, though.
“He doesn’t approve,” Cas relays.
“Ready to go?” Sam asks.
“How dare you. Dean is a great name.”
“C’mon, c’mon,” he whispers, cupping Cas’s face with both of his hands.
“You ordered the sandwich. You told me you wanted to eat it. This is on you.”
Cas walked up behind him and hugged him around the waist. Dean let himself be pinned up against the sink as he rinsed his toothbrush. “Dean, don’t be too hard on him. You used to be just like that.”
“I brought him back!” Jack beamed.
“Yes. I was distracted while she cast the spell and she got away.”
“About what’s next. For us, I mean. Look at what everyone else is up to. Jack’s graduated and is off traveling the world. Sam’s a super hotshot lawyer thanks to that Reynolds case, Eileen's pregnant again, Harry’s just started school, Claire and Kaia have finally got their heads out of their asses and are now even more insufferable than we were when we first got together. But what about us? Don't we all deserve to be happy?”
“—This!—”
“That’s what I’ve been telling you.”
Becky came in just as Jack was walking down the stairs. He’d finally heard the conversation at the door through his headphones.
Dean signed,
he signed quickly.
“And that matters?”
He turned around in his seat. “Do you have a problem, sir?”
“Walk? Oh yeah, great walk.”
“Well, apparently his version of happiness was telling my closeted ass he was in love with me.”
Her hands frantically clenched around the unbuckled life jacket abandoned on the chair.
Jack frowned. “I didn’t make these.”
“Alcohol won’t help. My grace will burn it out.”
“That is,” he finished, displeasure lacing his voice.
An hour into this new body and he was already hating it. This was going to be a long month.
“Nice one, man.”
Dean smiled at the picture Jack had taken of them fishing at the lake together a few years earlier.
Cas grunted as sleepily as a being that doesn’t sleep could and kept kissing his way across Dean’s chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean put his hands, palms forward and fingers outstretched, and the side of his head, with his thumbs touching his temple.
“It’s been a while since I healed my vessel,” Cas lies effortlessly.
He poured Jack a glass of water out of a pitcher, then did the same for the others and set it in front of them with a smirk.
Dean passed Harrison to Cas and started giving him instructions. “One arm here. The other under his head.”
“Alright, yes, I did phone you ten times while you were having sex, but that doesn’t mean you had to answer!”
Cas didn’t notice all the imperfections. He was staring in wonder at the lights hugging every other tree up the path, and the soft, light pink rose petals mixed with the autumn leaves on the ground.
Together they walk slowly, and somewhat awkwardly, to the stairs. It takes them much longer than it should.
Dean swipes for the phone, but Sam uses his extra height to his advantage and holds it above his head, waggling it tauntingly.
Dean takes a massive step, much longer than his usual stride, unbalancing them slightly.
He kicked his feet to propel them back to the boat, and they were met by Eileen, lowering her hands down to reach for her son. She squeezed him tightly into her chest and kissed his salt-drenched hair.
It wasn’t their anniversary, Dean’s birthday, or his own fake one. It had been an ordinary day at work that he was expecting to be followed by an ordinary evening, curled up on the couch watching whatever trash show Dean was into at the moment. He never paid attention.
He handed it to Eileen. “Made you a little something. It’s been a while since I’ve had to make an EMF meter out of a Walkman so my wiring skills were a bit rusty.”
“Yeah, Dean, I remember the time my friend died.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“It makes more sense for me to drive. I won’t get tired.”
Dean did the sign again, and this time, Harry waved his hands above his head like he was on a rollercoaster.
Words overlapped one another, voices breaking. The waves surging against the boat drowned out all other sounds and made it impossible to spot something as small as a child struggling in the water.
“I don’t care. As long as I get some peace.”
“Decomposition?”
“Very well. We will have to keep him in the trunk.”
With Jack’s superior hearing, he heard every word but had no idea what Dean was talking about so just carried on as if he was never interrupted. “These are my dads, Dean and Cas, my aunt and uncle, Eileen and Sam, and my cousin, Harry,” he finished, in keeping with their public cover story.
Cas, ever the sensible one, reached a consoling hand across the table. “Jack, are you sure they’re not just using you for alcohol because your ID says you’re twenty-one? We wouldn't want anyone taking advantage of you for that.”
A collective wince was felt around the room.
Dean’s stumbling was obviously too slow for Cas’s liking because he grabbed Dean by the collar and chucked him across the backseat.
Jack closed his eyes and smiled. It seemed to be no effort for him at all to bring seven billion people back. An elderly couple walked down the street discussing the weather as if they never left. A young girl on the other side kept running without even skipping a step. A shaggy gray dog bounded past. Jack opened his eyes to gaze upon his world in wonder.
“Right now?” He punctuated with a roll of his hips. His lips were less than an inch from Cas’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas pauses the screen on a very generic-looking desert wide-shot.
“Don’t you dare tell Sammy I’m a cuddler.”
“Yep, that’ll do it. Top dating tip for you, man, women prefer being alive.”
“Yeah. But what could have happened to cause that? Cas and Dean were all alone in the bunker being chased by Death. What could they have done together make Cas so happy?”
“That will have to do.”
me, that you
“Very good. Now, is your handsome friend busy? No one has danced with me all evening.”
“Oh, don’t tell me you’re okay with this?”
“No, this was in her apartment.”
“Uh. Ooh, I got a pay rise at my job. I now make an extra five cents an hour.”
“Come on, dude. You’ve killed Hitler. You can do this.”
“Dean. You’re not going to like this, but my grace is finally strong enough to heal this body properly, so I’m going to start with this leg.”
Cas rubbed the back of his neck. “Oh, uh. It was nothing.”
but we haven’t, y’know…” Dean made a crude gesture with his fingers.
“Alright. See you in a minute.” Sam doesn’t seem to pick up on his change in tone and hangs up.
“Okay,” he spoke into the phone, “we’ll think about it. Stay safe. Dean says hi.”
he grumbles.
Sam pursed his lips. “Real mature, dude. Couldn’t you have taught him something else?” He addressed the last sentence at Cas, who had finally caught up and entered the room with much less fanfare.
“Wow. That early, huh? What, he said I love you on the first date? That’s a bit eager,” Sam teased.
“Four. She seemed to be under the impression I was a widowed single father. I think she was just looking for a rebound after her divorce.”
Dean and Cas were sitting at their dining room table, a succulent slow-cooked beef joint in front of them, which Dean had been dying to tuck into it for hours, but Cas insisted he wait until the whole family was assembled. Miracle sat on the floor at the head of the table, his eyes fixed on the beef, and his tongue salivating in anticipation.
to him last night?”
“Oh, come on. It’s been years since I got stoned. And don’t you act all high and mighty. I know you’ve smoked before.”
