“Damn right I do,” Dean said without preamble. “I don't have a lot of trust about this entire endeavor you're having me go on. Why I'm listening to you is beyond even me,” he admitted. “Usually I would have told you where to go and how to get there by now.”
with him, and had more than likely been for years. It was no small wonder he was so adamant about drawing Mahākāla from his body and consequently, his soul.
“You heard what I said to you inside.”
Castiel's gaze was steady. “Yes, Sam. I am also sure that you may not be prepared for what you encounter this evening.”
“Amox.” Aira forcibly turned the other man to face him. “Love is a strong binding tie. It has been said often that it is a link that cannot be severed. If you were to call for her, she would come. I am certain of it.”
“What you do not know is that in the journey upward, you held onto me just as tightly—and I also bear witness to it.”
Soon enough, the sound of the bunker door opening was heard, followed by a “What's up, bitches?”
Trembling with barely-suppressed rage, he ran with Aira to their rental car, the sounds of the inferno in his ears, and wordlessly slipped into the passenger seat. Only when they were back on the highway did he suddenly slam his fist atop the dashboard, making Aira jump slightly and the car swerve gently to the left.
Castiel reached out with his other hand and touched Dean’s cheek gently. “We are bonding. The ritual I performed made sure of this fact.”
Magdalena regarded her coolly. “Did he not bind himself to you?”
Michael's eyes were ice-cold as he stared at her, though that smile was still in place. “And if I do not?”
Dean opened his eyes slowly, his limbs on fire and his wrists feeling raw and chafed. Upon casting a cursory glance at the ceiling, he immediately saw why.
If it were possible, Dean's eyes darkened further. “You're just the scout on this, Crowley. You're not my right hand man, and you don't get to call the shots. You certainly don't have the authority to follow me into that building and then switch sides. If you do, I swear I will practice torturing Abbadon with all the skills I learned from Alistair and then use them on you. Then, and only then, will I send your sorry ass back into Hell for the rest of eternity. Are we clear?”
beloved.”
Left alone in the mist, Amox kept his gaze on the ground, hoping against all reason that Aira had been right. Another presence was suddenly near him, and following the voice in his heart, Amox looked up. He was rendered immobile as a cascade of red hair and a pair of dark brown eyes stood before him, his breath stolen from his lungs. He dared not move, afraid a single one would shatter the moment and wake him from what he feared was a dream. Camael silently stepped forward and nestled herself against his chest, and the feel of her body against his own after so long broke Amox's vow not to touch her. Nearly wildly, he crushed her form to him, breathing in the scent of wild cherries and sweet honeysuckle that had always accompanied her.
Eyes roaming around the room quickly, he noticed a window he could potentially squeeze through on the far side of the cellar. The only problem was that it was located diagonally across from where Crowley's backup would be coming through at any moment, giving them a clear shot at Sam's back as he made his escape. He was left with two choices: stay and fight, or flee and die.
Charlie was frozen to her spot as Dean's eyes flicked to her, but she queried in a broken tone, “Are you going to hurt me? Please don't hurt me.”
Castiel's trademark trench coat, blazer, and tie were missing, his white sleeves rolled to the elbows. He looked exhausted, and when he spoke, Sam could hear it in his voice.
,” he growled, and Castiel shattered, not attempting to stifle his cry as his orgasm took him over, rocking himself on Dean's cock as he rode it out.
“Sam, I'm sure she's fine,” the angel said, as the other man sat at the bunker's table in the library, head in his hands. “She is resourceful, and she knows how to fight.”
Before Dean could reply, she and her goons had vanished, but that didn't currently matter to the hunter as he scrambled to his knees beside the angel, who had crumpled to the ground, and pressed his hands to the wound. Aira literally whimpered, and Dean flinched. “Shh,” he said gently. “Easy...”
For long moments, the two men stood in the library as Charlie wept. Suddenly, Castiel spoke, haltingly.
“I did,” Aira replied softly. “But this war is not one you have helped create.”
“Tell me,” the other demon said, hemming her in against the front of the desk as his gaze bored into hers, “how many others do you call 'lover'?”
“Hi, bitch,” he growled. Her hold tightened. “Now, is that any way to greet your queen?”
“I am not bitter,” Camael said in frustration, and rose abruptly, striding over to the window and flinging open the curtain to look out upon the nearly-empty parking lot, the midday sun gleaming hot upon the blacktop. “I am simply...I...” She floundered, and unbidden, images of Amox flooded her mind—his wings; his brilliant, expressive eyes; the way he loved her at night...
“Are you saying we allow him to die? You know as well as I that he will if we stand by and refuse to help him.”
Castiel dragged himself upright, his breathing erratic, and slit his palm through a wave of agony, letting the blood drip onto the floor and the ancient sigil he had drawn around himself previously. He allowed it to pool in the bowl of herbs and spices, which he had obtained directly from Israel prior to the ritual's start, and spoke, his voice labored.
“That will do.” The angel turned and began to walk away. Before he left the library, Sam called out, a strange, unwelcome feeling in his gut.
“I'm your mother,” she said pointedly. “Did you really expect me to believe Castiel and my son were just friends? The sexual tension here’s been unbearable since I came back.”
Dean's eyes widened in fury, and he snarled, “You'll die for that, you bottom-feeding slug.”
“Shit,” Dean hissed, and quickly followed Sam and Castiel behind a nearby large black van.
Dean laughed hollowly. “I became a Hindu god bent on destruction. How is that a lesson I can learn from?”
“Why should I?” Michael asked calmly. “It seems to have slipped your mind, Castiel, that I'm also privy to this man's most despairing thoughts, and every one of his fears.” He leaned forward as much as he was able, his gaze intense. “Dean is well aware that all of you are better off without him. He would rather stay mired in his own mind than take control again and continue feeling the shame and guilt that chokes him every day of his pathetic existence.”
Castiel stepped forward into Dean's “personal space”, measuring his reaction both physically and through their bond. He was afraid and miserable, but there was a glimmer of something else; something that Castiel had suspected was there, but that Dean had never shown.
Dean paused, then looked away. “Yeah, okay. But, like, schoolwork only. Stay out of anything that wasn’t in the classroom when the teacher was there.”
“I made a deal with the cosmic entity. To save Jack. It was going to take him, but it really wanted me. Because I woke it up.”
Dean sat down on the bed, pulled the laptop over to them, and opened it to start the movie. “You might have questions,” he said. “But hang on to them until the end of the movie. I don’t wanna spoil anything. Okay?”
“I could work with that,” Dean said. “What’s this dude’s name?”
“But the hierarchy…” Cas argued. “The Host can only operate with order.”
“But…” Sam took a deep breath and let it all out at once, regaining his composure. He gave a quick smile. “I never pictured them as black, but they’re
“In the news,” Cas added, “dozens of witnesses describe an EMT, or a med tech, or a tow truck driver, or a concerned citizen, someone who seemed to completely belong there, who had their hands on the one who miraculously survived. Someone whom no one recognizes, no one knows their name, no one knows where they came from or where they went, and their descriptions don’t match any known employees.”
Gabriel’s tone was soft. “You know if I could heal your wings completely, I would. Without hesitation. But let me do what I can.”
. I’ll be right back. Okay Cas?”
“Dean!” The voice was tinny.
After what felt like several hours of Cas silently staring at him, as if reading his honesty, the angel stepped aside and opened the door wider. Dean took the chair he’d sat in the day Cas showed him his wings. And then promptly forgot everything he wanted to say.
“Nah. Gonna think for a while more. I’ll be back this evening.”
“I understand,” Castiel said. “We don’t have that kind of time. We still need to find Jack and stop him from hurting anyone else.”
expression. “You let me know when.”
“Yeah? Well, it’s gonna make me feel better.”
“So he would ‘make it a little smoother,’” Cas added, again with finger quotes. “He also fixed the van’s window, created documents that show Dean is the owner, and provided a key to the ignition. And a full tank of gas.”
“Dean, what if there are angels in this universe?” Sam asked, feeling hope for the first time in what felt like days. “What if we could call one of them? What if we could call the Castiel in this universe?”
“Okay.” Castiel sighed and stood. “Be safe until I return.”
The scene shifted into something new, the Empty lighting up to reveal a deserted soundstage covered in dark fabric. The cosmic entity seemed unaware of the change, its focus entirely on Castiel as it aimed its foot and kicked.
“Dean,” Cas warned.
“Okay. I deserved that. But look,
“I am clean as well,” Cas said, tearing open a condom wrapper, “considering you’re the first person I’ve been with. But better safe than sorry.” He rolled on the condom and added actual lube. “By the way, these are polyurethane, not latex. The massage oil won’t damage them.”
“Well, don’t hurt yourself,” Gabriel said.
“No!” Jack took a step back. “No, I won’t… NO!” Jack’s eyes began glowing yellow and with a sharp crack, a golden fissure in the universe opened right in front of them.
“I found Chuck. At the university. He had temporarily usurped a religious studies professor’s role.”
. Dean couldn’t believe he’d even asked about it being like angel foreplay.
. He focused on his upper arms, feeling hands there. With monumental effort, he brought himself back to the present, feeling fingers, toes, and those hands still shaking him. He shrugged them off, the movement causing them to still. As the bunker came back into focus, he saw Dean kneeling in front of him, his hands on Castiel’s arms. Sam still sat across from him, breathing harder than he should for someone who’d just been sitting.
“That’s…more complicated. Who you saw then, Sam and your mother, they are real. That really is your kitchen. You and Sam live in a hidden, underground bunker. The two of you have been hunting that which preys on humans—supernatural monsters—for most of your life.”
Castiel inhaled and took a quick measure of the temperature. “Actually, Dean, it’s thirty-six degrees Fahrenheit right now. Four degrees
He’d given up having the apple pie kind of life he’d wanted with Lisa. He always thought it was the life that he couldn’t have. What if Lisa just wasn’t the right person?
Being as careful as possible, Sam gently worked baby shampoo around the edges of the wound, trying not to get too much in it. He moved slowly, registering each of Gabriel’s breath hitches and the one hiss he let out when Sam dislodged a particularly large blood clot that had formed around a couple of feathers. When at last the wound looked clean enough to satisfy Sam, he moved down the wing, repeating the process at the lower wound.
“You know which one: the only one you can’t fight. Now
Sam raised his hand. “Just notice.”
of you.”
Dean pulled the chair out from the small table and turned it to face the bed, where Castiel had seated himself. “I, um…” He looked down at the floor and rubbed the back of his neck. “I just want you to know…on the whole law thing…”
“Castiel?” a familiar voice called out faintly. “Baby bro, I hope you can hear me. It’s time. I wish I could have given you some more warning, but I just found out. They’re getting me ready to go. Curtain’s up at three o’clock. Please be early. This is one part I don’t want to play.”
“Awesome.” Dean picked a spot at the top and in the middle, pinning the paper to the cork board with a hand motion like throwing tiny darts. “Cool drawing. Is that Angel? His wings are the wrong color.”
Crowley stared at Dean for several long moments before he smiled broadly and glanced at Sam. “Afraid I’m going to have to pass on that drink. This is
“It’s okay, Cas. I trust you.”
“Are you sure? You seem a little edgy to—”
Dean warmed his hands on the outside of the mug but neither of the brothers drank yet. “Cas,” Dean started, “how much do you know about the new government policies concerning angels?”
“Right, old man. You’ll probably fall asleep before I even have to blink.”
“I’ve been talking a little bit with Mick Davies. To find out what the British Men of Letters might be able to offer, how they can help us.”
“I’m fine,” Castiel said, but his voice suggested otherwise.
He remembered all too clearly what had happened all those years ago. The father—Avraham—was told to sacrifice his son, Yitzhak. A test, of sorts. Castiel couldn’t bear to see a child used as a pawn, even if Heaven had assured him Avraham had what they’d been waiting for: the courage to defy God. Avraham was too certain of his mission, that was clear. But the boy… Perhaps he could escape, if Castiel could convince him to run away, back to his mother.
Castiel nodded, contemplating. The truth was, he felt a heaviness descend on him when Sam was explaining what was happening to his brothers and sisters. Even though he considered Dean and Sam to be more brothers than his own siblings, even knowing most of the other angels still wanted his head on a platter, his heart ached for them, for what they would have to endure.
“Gish?” Cas asked, his eyes narrowed in confusion.
“Dude…” Dean shook his head in amazement. “You been reading my mind or something?”
“Do you want to do another set, Cas, or move on to an affirmation?” Sam asked.
me to leave. His vulnerability in being honest helped me see the truth behind his words.”
Castiel struggled against the shackles holding him in the chair as Naomi approached.
The boy stopped and began to prostrate himself.
“Of course. Maybe dinner then?”
“That’s the thing I appreciate about country music. It’s honest. It’s about capturing a feeling.”
Metatron, and as for why, my reasons are my own and no longer important. Three: I’ve been here, hiding—
“For now. Let’s go check out the office.”
“It’s a bacteria, if I remember correctly,” Sam said, looking at Cas for confirmation.
“There’s evil,” Dean said. “I’m sure of it. There’s just no destiny. We’ve proven that. Even the Fates didn’t know what to do with us.”
Castiel nodded. He wasn’t, not really, not internally, but there seemed little point in bringing that up. He tried a few popcorn kernels.
you are, man. Sam’s right. You’re more than that.”
“Can you feel my emotions too?” Dean asked. “‘Cause I’m not sure I’m all that happy about you having that much access in my head.”
Once inside the ballroom, Dean got into line for the fast-disappearing buffet food, and eventually loaded his plate up with eggs, bacon, sausage, French toast, and a few assorted breakfast pastries. He grabbed a mug of coffee and then scanned the tables for number eleven, finding it near one of the side walls.
Dean began to speak, then stopped. He nodded once, then said, “I’m…gonna need a little time. Can we pretend at least until tomorrow that this conversation didn’t happen?”
“Do or do not,” Dean said in a high, nasally voice. “There is no try.”
“I did nothing to you, Sam. Not to you or anyone else. All I did was create the circumstances that would allow all of you to understand what is in your way and move through it.”
As Cas mumbled more, presumably in a dream, the only words Dean caught were
“Castiel? Is that you?” called a child’s voice.
“Or triggered,” Sam said. “When I went in his room before, it wasn’t the big brother teen who showed up. It was the little kid, who wanted to see you again.”
“The grayness outside your door didn’t frighten you?” Castiel asked.
“Well, you two had walked out in a huff. Gabriel’s doing who knows what, and I’m afraid to even think about where Jack is and how he’s doing. If we walk around much in public, we get recognized—and not in a good way—and we still need to find a way to get back. So I thought it was worth the risk.”
“How do you avoid the stigma that either one seems to have?”
A surly Cas, Dean could deal with, but a petulant Gabe was above his pay grade, and they had a while to go before the state border. “Tell me more about this strength thing. You’re the angel of self-restraint—” Dean bit his lips together until the urge to laugh passed. “Yet you choose indulgence. Why?”
“Not bad. Got my four hours in.” Dean nodded toward the fruit. “Not a big fan of the health food?”
“Okay,” Castiel managed to say as conflicting physical sensations warred for his attention. Dean’s lips were soft and warm as they gently pressed against his own, almost hesitating. He returned the kiss, less certain how to move his lips the more he thought about it. He kept his hand on Dean’s face, but didn’t know what to do with the other one. Should he pull Dean closer? Would Dean like that or would he feel trapped? Perhaps he should move so he sat closer to Dean. But maybe that was moving too fast. Dean should be allowed to set the pace. Maybe instead—
“Erm…no. I’ve been ordered to escort you to her office. Look, I hate this as much as you do, Cassie. This little trip meant leaving a bed full of Kushite women.”
“Good, because we don’t really have anything worth drinking.”
“Well, now I do. What’s wrong?”
After a few moments, Dean nudged him gently with his shoulder. “You okay?”
Sam grinned and snatched the bowl from him, dipping a finger in to taste it. “This is…heavenly. Gabe, you’re spoiling me.”
In an entirely too-short period of time, and despite their combined body heat, the mess between them cooled and grew increasingly uncomfortable. Dean rolled off, hoping he wouldn’t fall off the bed. He took a few extra moments to get his bearings.
He continued to taunt the spirit, hoping it would reveal itself out of anger, but after another half-hour, he’d had enough. His interview with the local historian was in six hours, and he wanted to go through the voice recording before he met with her, just in case it caught something.
Sam gave a short laugh. “Yeah, Dean, they do. When the frost line melts, the water displaces all the built-up geosmin, which is what gives it that earthy smell.”
“You were right.”
“What is it?”
“Open your trunk, please,” the police officer said, hand on his weapon as he stepped aside for Dean to unlock the trunk.
“Miss,” Sam started, using his best talking-to-the-scared-witnesses voice.
The one thing Cas was certain of was that Dean got a free pass to Heaven. Although Castiel was no longer welcome in Heaven, and would have been captured if he’d been caught, his time sharing his vessel with Lucifer had taught him a few tricks. He managed to bribe a few angels and gained access to Dean’s Heaven.
“My presence is causing you discomfort.”
“How are you…?” Castiel wasn’t sure how to word the question.
“It means strength, Dean,” Cas said, exasperated.
“It was… April.”
“You fear me leaving?” Cas asked.
“He’s safe and healthy, Dean. You took extremely good care of him.”
“Does this mean you forgive me?” Castiel asked.
And as usual, he had no words. He could feel it in his body: a tightness across the front of his shoulders, an ache in his chest, something knotting in his abdomen that didn’t feel like a meal. But he never was any good at putting names to feelings. Feelings were liabilities and best avoided, not named and categorized and hung up on the fridge for everyone to look at. So he allowed the music to wash through him, taking some of the agitation with it.
“Gabe.” Sam purposely avoided using his full name. “If you’d asked for my consent, I’d have given it.”
“What’s that going to involve?”
Castiel breathed, still feeling disappointed.
Dean made a face. “I can’t write so good. But I like drawing pictures.”
Castiel felt his pocket before he realized it wouldn’t have made the transition to the physical world. “I did.”
“Your double entendres are getting worse.”
Back at the car, Dean studied the map on his phone. “It’s about three more hours to St. Paul and I think I found a decent motel about ten minutes away from where they’ve got Gabe. I say we head straight to the motel and get a room, then grab something to eat while you let Gabe know we’re in town. We can do some recon later tonight and tomorrow morning.”
Castiel gave him a half-smile. “I’m glad I can be of service.”
Castiel watched all the Deans as introductions were made and stories swapped. There was a lot of thoughtful head-shaking, as if each one was trying to wrap their minds around the others’ perspectives and experiences. Four-year-old Dean was the first to be fully accepted by all the others, picked up and hugged and passed around.
“Because most angels have very poor taste. Will you drink it?”
every time he was dragged back to Naomi’s office. Every flashback had him wondering if Chuck had cursed him with a touch.
“I think it was the way I was going about it. Using powers given to me by a demon. But the point is, Jack, you’re still trying to do good. That’s what counts. None of us can guarantee the results.”
“Are you really?” Crowley folded his arms. “You mean to tell me it doesn't burn inside you? The need, the desire to kill?”
Castiel drew in a sharp breath, his knees nearly buckling, and withdrew from Sam immediately. When Sam blinked again, the wings were gone, as though they'd never been visible. “The Grace I stole is destroying me,” he said heavily. “An angel cannot take another's life essence without dire consequences.” The crease between Sam's brows deepened as he finally began to understand. “You're dying, aren't you?”
“You mean to use Dean's relationship with my fallen brother to draw the god out?”
“Keep your eyes on the road, Sam.” The words were an admonishment, but Castiel's voice was gentle. Quickly, Sam's eyes darted back to the highway, expecting a car to be swerving into their lane, but nothing was coming. All that was there was the same endless stretch of blacktop, and Sam said, “There's nothing coming.”
This will be a work in progress, and I promise to post as many chapters a day/a week as I can (I have a very busy schedule!). As the chapters keep going up, I will notify for incoming smut when it occurs. Lol. Thanks in advance for sticking with me through all of this! Love you all! <3
Dean's eyes burned, and he said roughly, “No chick flick shit, Cas.”
Sam visibly stiffened, and Charlie quickly backtracked, shifting uncomfortably in her seat.
“Oh, no.” Charlie grabbed hold of his arm. “You're not spending the entire evening huddled by yourself in a corner. We're going to have fun, Sam. Remember?”
Eyes damp with regret, Sam knelt, ruffled in the leaves, found his gun, and stood. Every instinct in him said to shoot Dean, but instead he chose the coward's way out.
He also didn't want Dean to see an opportunity to come out of the woodwork and make a play. His brother had disappeared after Castiel and Sam had tried—and failed—a second time to cure him with human blood. Unable any longer to bear the sight of his brother made into a raging pincushion, Sam had left Castiel to guard Dean. When he'd returned (after downing half a bottle of Jack), Castiel was nowhere to be seen, and Dean's chair was empty, the ropes lying useless on the stone floor. After a few frantic calls, Castiel had reappeared, looking disheveled, angry, and pale. Somehow, Dean had managed to banish him without moving a muscle or creating a sigil, which meant that Sam's worst fear was realized: Dean was truly embracing his status as a Knight.
The female voice calling him frantically sent John Graves running from the garage, where he was working on his nineteen sixty-five black mustang convertible, back to his house immediately. Inside his living room, he found a young Mexican woman standing by the bookcase, the look of terror on her face sending him into warrior mode immediately. He had known her for only a year, and in that year he had seen how strong she was on all levels. Yet now, he had never witnessed her so terrified.
“Damn,” Dean whistled, but Castiel was not finished.
“Thought what? That I can't handle a damn job because of this?”
The first time she had seen Dean in the kitchen making breakfast, she had stopped short in the doorway. Dean had turned, locking eyes with her.
A chuckle from somewhere to his left had Sam cocking and aiming his gun in one swift movement, but no one and nothing appeared. Still, Sam wasn't a fool, and din't plan on putting the weapon down until whatever had made the noise showed itself.
Crowley shrugged nonchalantly. “I want him out of my hair. Mark or no Mark, he needs to stay out of my way.”
“STOP!”
Amox stumbled away, his expression wild. “All this time,” he said bitterly, “I thought you lost to me, and you have chosen to let me suffer.” “I did what I thought was best,” she begged, and he spun on his heel, betrayal in his gaze. “Best?” he spat. “For a year I have been tortured because I believed you dead. I wished to join you and fought many nights against the idea of running myself through with my own blade. And now you say you hid from me for my good?”
As they packed their weapons in the bunker's war room, Castiel furtively examined his charge. Dean’s back was straight, and the line of his jaw was set tight. Not for the first time, Castiel wondered what, exactly, it would take to remove the Mark—and how willing Dean would be when that time came.
them and I fucking
“Your care and concern for these creatures is...” Michael paused, his nose wrinkling in distaste. “Quite sickening, actually. However,” he went on, his lips turning upward in a mocking grin, “there is only one that you truly adore.”
“I expect it,” was the reply, and Sam watched as the god elegantly made his way down the ruined hall and up the stairs, leaving the man no choice but to let him go.
“What? And leave you here with him?” Mary balked. “What if he--”
Sam forced his mind out of its reverie, smiling at Charlie tightly. “Maybe you're right. But if we're going to celebrate Halloween, we're going to do it my way. Nothing happens here. We can go out.”
Sam spat, “What the hell does he want? I don't have a damn thing that would interest him.”
Sam found he was having trouble breathing as he stared at his brother, memories surfacing in his mind and threatening to overwhelm him. Dean looked so...
Aira was unfazed as always. “I will handle the demon. Find Magdalena, and protect her with your last breath.”
In one swift move, Dean had reached out and grabbed Crowley by the lapels of his jacket. In the process, the Mark of Cain was revealed on his forearm, gleaming hot and bright in the moonlight. Crowley looked down at it, then back up at Dean, a growing realization in his eyes.
“His soul will remain intact, beast. Yours is the only one that will be devoured.”
For the second time that night, Sam felt gooseflesh rise on his arms and neck, but all he said was, “I know how to do my job, Cas. It may not be simple, but it's the same get in, take out the trash, and get out scenario that I've been handling my whole life.” Soundlessly, he slipped from their hiding place, skating along the edge of the trees. He didn't both to look back. He knew Castiel was there.
“I believe that she trusts you and has faith in herself,” Camael replied quietly. “I see no reason why that should not be enough to take a stand.”
The djinn’s eyes began to shine a cold blue, its fingers reaching toward his forehead, and Dean had a split second to scream helplessly in anger and fear before he knew no more.
Aira opened his eyes as the first rays of sunlight played across his face, choosing to remain silent. He knew Camael and Amox had not returned to the motel room last night, but he would remain discreet. As he had explained to his fallen brother, not all things that occurred were for evil. She had returned to him, and now their band was one stronger to face the menace that was soon to come. They did not yet know the true extent of it, and Aira was loathe to be the harbinger of ill news. Still, he was well aware that there was nothing to be done for it. If they did not know what they were up against, they could not truly fight it.
doesn't begin to cover what I feel, Sam. I've walked this earth for hundreds of years, and during those years I've bartered and entrapped millions of souls in exchange for everything from greed to lust. I didn't think a damn thing of it until I saw my son again.” His eyes glistened, and he said softly, “That boy will die one day. He will not live forever, and I can't make it so. I will never be able to make up for the time I've lost being such a stupid fool. Do I feel guilty, Moose? Yes. Yes, I bloody well do feel guilty, and there's no way to atone for that. My sins are unforgivable; do you understand?”
Sam said softly, “You can't fix the past, Crowley, but you can change the future. I told you I saw humanity in you at the church, and I still stand by that. You're not a monster.”
The look of bewilderment in her eyes made Dean all the angrier at Amox for his foolishness in choosing to hide something of this magnitude from her. On some levels, he understood his reasoning, but this was a literal life and death battle. At one point or another she was going to have to be told the harsh reality of her situation. And if Amox was unwilling to do so... Dean shifted so that he was more comfortable against the porch railing. “Do you believe in guardian angels, Magdalena?”
The man turned, and when their eyes met, Castiel gave a small nod. Amox shook his head, half in disbelief, half in sorrow. “This is madness, my brother,” he said. “You will perish.”
“Stop!” Amox roared. Aira jammed on the brakes hard enough that the car went into a three hundred sixty degree tailspin on the waterlogged pavement. Amox knew they would not be able to keep from hitting the victim, and asked for forgiveness.
Amox lifted his head from where he had been in conversation with Camael, his eyes guarded and wary. “Who comes?” he asked, and her voice was hollow as she answered, her gaze unfocused.
Sam followed the repetitious noise down the Men of Letters' hallway until he came to the library, where he found his brother yet again, in the same seat as he was yesterday, and the preceding day, and the day before that. A nearly empty bottle of Jim Beam sat beside a stack of thick files, and then Sam realized where the sound was coming from-Dean, who was throwing his knife into the table over and over again.
Sam's mind reeled.
This time, the kiss was three times as desperate as the one in the woods had been, and Dean couldn't help but melt into it, his hands grabbing for purchase on Castiel's hips and pulling him forward into his body. Castiel's hands slid into his hair, and suddenly there was a frantic rush to get each others' clothes off, their hands roaming everywhere at once.
Sam ended the call with a worried crease between his brows, turning back to the library table, where the files Dean had been working on still lay, untouched since Sam had gotten up at dawn seven days prior and found the Impala gone. He wavered between scouring them again or trying another avenue, perhaps some of the ancient weathered tomes on the shelves, but he was too anxious, he knew, to concentrate. Where could his brother have disappeared to, he wondered, as he pushed a hand through his hair. He was well aware of the fact that Dean had been relentlessly pursuing leads on Abbadon for months, but so far they had come up empty. If he had suddenly found one that had panned out and decided to follow it on his own... Sam's heart thudded in his ribcage. There was no love lost between the Knight of Hell and the elder Winchester, and Sam didn't want to find out what would happen were they to engage in a full battle. He wasn't sure what scared him more: Dean's vicious intent to kill Abbadon, the truth that he might indeed find her, or the thought of him utilizing the Mark to end her life.
Jack and Mary looked up simultaneously from their seats at the kitchen table as a long moan sounded throughout the bunker, their expressions alarmed. Sam rose immediately, disappearing down the hall.
Sam swallowed hard. He couldn't deny Crowley's words, and he said harshly, “What do you want?”
“Great,” Sam sighed. “Do we kill them the same way?”
Dean stilled. “What does she look like?” The Knight really didn't care, but the excitement of the kill was always helped along when a pretty young thing saw him for what he was and started screaming. Of course, those screams never lasted long.
She turned away and began walking north, and Amox called after her, startled at her frankness, “I beg your pardon?”
Specifically, the death of another angel.
Sam groaned. “That death metal bar? Seriously?”
“You agree with Dumah's philosophy, then?” he asked stiffly, and Castiel sighed wearily. “I did not say I did. But Sam, you must understand—Dumah cannot be underestimated. He will let nothing stand in his way.” Sam's eyes were steely. “He hasn't met me yet.”
“I now know who I am and what I must do. I will see through to the end any and all consequences that come with it, and I will not be shamed when the time comes to face my destiny.” Amox's breath caught in his throat, but before he could speak, another voice was heard from the porch.
in a few spots.” Before Sam had time to contemplate what that meant, Castiel stepped forward, his voice like a low rumble of thunder.
Dean found himself speaking before he could stop himself, and God damn it, why did all these douchebags have the ability to
The female demon that stood in the doorway smiled thinly. “She asked me to relay to you that if you wished to be the head of such a major company, you would do well to get better looking receptionists.”
“Dean,” he begged. “Listen to my voice. Cast out the beast.” Castiel's back arched as the pain increased tenfold, and he gasped. Still, he did not stop. “I know you,” he gritted. “I know the man I pulled from Perdition. Your soul is pure. Remember who you are. Remember what you stand for. Dean--”
Sam watched as Crowley went about mixing potions and herbs in a large bowl, listening to Castiel's shallow breathing from the bed. “Can we even summon Dean here?” he asked. “He isn't a demon, is he?” Even saying the words left a bitter taste in Sam's mouth.
The redhead pouted at Sam through the computer screen, her dark eyes pleading. “Come on, Sam, please? It'll be so much fun.”
“I believe I shall, thank you very much.” With a shit-eating smirk at Amox, who was fuming, Crowley strolled into the kitchen. Immediately he wrinkled his nose. “This dècor has got to go, love.”
“Would your son have liked to see this moment, Fergus, knowing that his father was truly a killer and not the good man he believed him to be?”
“My Grace...” Castiel choked out around another mouthful of blood. “I have expended it...” He gagged, and Sam tightened his hold, saying sharply, “Stay with me, Castiel.”
“It is my suspicion she has
Aira hesitated. “Her name at birth was Magdalena Herrera. At that time she was residing in Lexington, Nebraska, but now I do not know the answer to either of your questions. Much time has passed.”
“I have no wish to see him. He is a traitor to me and to his race.”
Michael said very quietly, “Dean's thoughts are quite...
Sam frowned. “No, it doesn't sound familiar.” As Castiel's shoulders sagged, Sam's heart began to race beneath his ribs. “I'm guessing I should start searching immediately.”
He was halfway there when a set of hands grabbed him and shoved him back against a nearby willow tree's trunk with a resounding thump.
For a moment, Castiel's gaze dropped, but when it met Sam's for the final time, there was nothing but cool steel there. “Show me where the weapons are kept.”
“Cas!” Sam hissed. “What have I told you about sneaking up on people?!”
“You got me with a
Crowley's lips turned up in a bitter smile. “I had a family, and I decided to sell my soul instead of being the man I was meant to be, living out my days as a mortal, raising my child and dying of old age like everyone else. The only other chance I had to see Gavin, I very nearly mucked that up too. For all I know I probably did; kid mustn't want the King of Hell for a father. Who would? Bit of shame, that, to carry around in your pocket, after all the things I've done.” Crowley looked away, a muscle in his jaw twitching, and Sam said after a moment, “Do you feel guilty, Crowley?”
The angel stopped beside a black Mazda, opening the driver's side door before shrugging off his white jacket and carelessly tossing it in a heap in the backseat. “I know of a place that will offer protection and sustenance. Follow me in your vehicle.”
Dean stared at him. “And then Metatron fucked everyone over, and you lost your Grace.”
Crowley examined him, entirely focused on the young man who drove. It was clear that Dean's mind was all-encompassed with thoughts of the Mark and the Queen of Hell, which was all well and good. Still, he had to cover all his bases. If there was the slightest chance remaining that Dean would not fulfill his part, then the other side of Crowley's plan would quite literally go to Hell in a handbasket.
“I did,” she said, closing her eyes as the tears overflowed, bowing her head. “I have known since the Fall.”
To that day, Magdalena had never used his real name, and the shock of it made the fallen angel blink. She continued, voice steady and strong.
“I would highly recommend you use a potholder next time,” came a gravelly voice, dry with irony.
A shameless whine fled Dean's lips, and he met Castiel thrust for thrust, until Castiel's movements became erratic and his breathing choppy.
“Magdalena, this is madness. Dean has chosen his path; let him follow it where he will. I see no need for us to go after him, even for my honor's sake.” Amox followed her into the library, where she turned to face him. “You did not witness the look in his eyes as he abused you.” The girl's own eyes were strong and clear. “I cannot know when this prophecy he has spoken of will come, and I fear it is one that will have repercussions on us all. Before the end comes, I will see to it that he meets his maker—whether it be God or the devil."
Amox turned away, unable to bear the weight of the revelation, and Magdalena placed her hand on his shoulder. “I have tried my hardest to protect you,” he said in misery. “I swore that your true identity would never be revealed as long as I remained alive. And now that has been compromised.”
Dean choked, backing up, eyes shifting from coal black to olive green intermittently. He fell to his knees, snarling at Castiel.
The First Blade was tight in his grip, and Sam said quickly before things could get out of hand, “How did you get in here without us performing the summoning spell?”
Halloween has never been Sam's favorite holiday, but everything just got far more complicated.
“A sword?” he said, trying to contain the near-hysterical laugh that was welling up inside of him, threatening to spill over his lips. “You go down into the Men of Letters' secret weapons lair to find something useful to destroy Mahākāla with, and you come back with a damn
Dean smirked a little at that, but upon seeing the fire in Castiel’s gaze, his face fell.
“Never.” Castiel seemed a bit breathless. “You will not.”
Amox was understandably bitter. “How can you say this?”
The demon turned to the liquor cabinet behind him and withdrew a tumbler and a bottle of bourbon, pouring himself a glass before raising it slightly in a toast, eyes glittering.
Asmodeus loosened the collar of his shirt slightly, uncomfortable in the heat—even he, who had spent centuries in Hell. “This meeting is concluded, then,” he said brusquely, and turned. “I'm sure you will enjoy the fallen one's intestines.”
Magdalena looked at her patiently. “Bitterness will impede anything,” she said softly.
“You are still here,” Aira affirmed softly, and drew the former angel into an embrace, tucking him close against his body as his feathers caressed him, their warmth soaking into his skin. “That is a victory in itself.”
By the Heavens she had lost, she did. This girl already knew everything about her—how, Camael did not know. But it was clear she was a prophetess, and the revelation jarred her. “I suppose you know about Amox, then,” she snipped, and Magdalena cocked her head. “I do,” she said slowly. “But he has never mentioned you.”
I'm not your equal anymore, and you'd do well to realize that sooner rather than later.”
The air was silent for many moments, and then she spoke in a whisper that shattered everything Amox thought he had been.
At last she turned around to look at Sam, and her face was streaked with tears.
Aira looked up at him heavily. “Yes.”
“I know who you are,” she spat, “and you're going to give me back my son.”
for Castiel?”
It was not too long after that Amox felt the car pull into a long drive, and from the look on Aira's face, he guessed they had arrived at the woman's motel. She stirred in the back and stretched, and the visual memory of Camael winding her long limbs around his made Amox ache, so much that it hurt to draw breath. He turned away as she opened the door and flipped the emergency blanket up over her head to shield herself from the rain, no longer a downpour but steady, and unlocked the door with trembling hands. Against his better judgment, Amox reached out to gently touch her, and she stilled.
“One can hope.”
“I find that many men are unwilling to share the truth, even thought it will save the one they care about most.”
Camael's eyes were bright with unshed tears, and her frame shook with anxiety and trepidation. “I cannot be hurt again,” she whispered. Magdalena smiled sadly. “A large part of love is taking the chance of being hurt,” she said gently. “That is what makes it worthwhile.”
“I'm fine,” Sam muttered, “except for wanting to claw out my eyes.”
“...Dean?”
“Just shut up, okay?” Angrily, Sam swiped his sleeve across his eyes. “You're not going to die, all right? I won't let you.”
Sam knew something was very wrong the moment he landed heavily on his ass in the bunker instead of upright on his feet, and he rose to his knees, tailbone aching.
Dean's eyes were as dark as sin, and he leaned into Sam's personal space. “Give the devil his due,” he said with a slow smile.
She continued to stare resolutely at him. “I am not a schoolgirl, Dean Winchester. I do not require constant monitoring as though I am fragile and liable to shatter like china at the first sign of danger. I do not expect you to understand how I feel.” Dean let a ghost of a smile play across his lips, the memory of Jo Harvelle and their first hunt together forever cemented in his mind.
“Wait,” Dean said angrily. “You mean there's one of your people walking around down here with the freaking One Ring hanging from their throat? How do we find them?” Amox did not answer, which Dean took for a sign of helplessness. “Well, that's just goddamn peachy,” he snarled. “You want to tell me what this has to do with her?” He jerked his head towards the woman. “Aira told me to come to you, but I also had to find a girl named Magdalena Herrera, and damn fast. She had the gift of-”
“I'll stay outside the door,” he rumbled. “That won't be necessary,” the angel said with a flash of a smile, as they reached the family room. “Mike won't be a flight risk.”
“I just thought...” Sam hedged, and Dean's eyes turned dark.
Sam blinked. “What? Castiel, the Men of Letters were skilled, and they knew how to defeat a lot of things, but I really don't think that the Hindu destroyer-god was on that list.”
Magdalena shook her head desperately. “I don't understand. You are not making sense.
“There are three lives that hang in the balance,” Amox said quietly, “not two.”
“Do you know of the legend of the Mahabharata?”
Camael looked up at him, her eyes gentle. “You can't shelter her forever, beloved. She must face what is to come.”
“Forgiveness is a powerful healer,” Castiel replied gently, and Charlie looked at the floor.
“He will not come out of this the same way he went in,” Castiel said softly. “He will be himself, but he will have all the memories of his time as a Knight of Hell. The ritual could not erase that piece, unfortunately. And he will need Sam's help to overcome them...and yours.”
Amox roughly pulled her away from the demon. “She will not be alone, hell spawn.” His eyes locked on Dean, and Crowley turned to face him. The look in his eyes this time was clear.
Camael smiled sadly. “Oh, I don't believe that. You are stronger than you think, and now is the time for you to rise up. Amox needs you. Go to him, Magdalena. He cannot win this battle alone, and without you, evil will succeed.”
“Dean,” he said softly. “You are worth everything. To Sam, to Charlie. To me.”
As they walked down the hall and entered the library, Castiel stopped and gazed at the files spread everywhere for long moments. A myriad of demeanors flickered in his eyes, but at last business surfaced.
Asmodeus gave a nod. “I'm pleased you chose the right path.” He cocked his head, examining Abbadon. “What of her, then?”
The angel smiled pleasantly. “Not to worry, Sarah. The patient wished to make a family phone call. We'll return shortly.” The tallest, beefiest security guard was suddenly by their side, walking with them down the hall.
Sam felt anger rise within him, cresting like a wave, followed by a rush of terror so strong he thought he might vomit. “Dean isn't a sinner,” he said sharply, perhaps frantically, but Castiel's eyes were sad. His lack of an answer made Sam's jaw tighten.
Charlie clapped her hands together, once. “Awesomesauce! I'll meet you tonight at seven at the Black Dragon.”
A cautious excitement shown in Sam's eyes. “I think I might have found what we need,” he said.
“Let her enter.”
The demon nearest the door gazed at him with cold black eyes, making Sam think of peering into a slick puddle of oil. He suppressed a shudder. “If all humans are as stupid as you are, then we're going to have a problem when he's ruling Hell and enslaving your race,” he rumbled, and Sam's mind jumped onto one word:
This will be a work in progress, and I promise to post as many chapters a day/a week as I can (I have a very busy schedule!). As the chapters keep going up, I will notify for incoming smut when it occurs. Lol. Thanks in advance for sticking with me through all of this! Love you all! <3
Sam stilled immediately, feeling chilled. “Yes,” he admitted quietly, memories flooding him, not the least of which his most recent encounter, and the ensuing debate concerning his crossing over. “Why are you asking me, Castiel?”
Slowly, Sam shook his head. “Vaguely, but what does it have to do with Dean and Mahākāla?”
He was rewarded by a snap of Castiel's hips that had him searching for breath and cursing at the same time, legs trembling where they were locked tight around Castiel's waist.
Amox's fists tightened, and in an instant he'd pushed Dean away, further into the yard, the lightning bugs scattering around them as the former angel growled, “I would advise you to stay.”
Sam spoke, his voice low and urgent. “Yeah, and he's intent on slicing and dicing. Charlie managed to slow him down, but it won't last long.” He looked at the redhead quizzically. “Where did you get that knife anyway?”
There was no reply, and Charlie tried again. “Why are you here? Did someone hurt you?”
This will be a work in progress, and I promise to post as many chapters a day/a week as I can (I have a very busy schedule!). As the chapters keep going up, I will notify for incoming smut when it occurs. Lol. Thanks in advance for sticking with me through all of this! Love you all! <3
“Do you want to clue me in as to why she's decided to take over one of the legendary places in the city?” Dean growled out. “The Historic Plains Hotel doesn't seem that forbidding.” Crowley shrugged. “The aura of power about it from the ghosts come before, I suppose. Or perhaps she thinks it will afford more protection. Either way, I'm sure that she's wrong on both counts. The First Blade was designed to destroy her, and destroy her it shall.”
“You son of a bitch,” he gasped. “What did—how--”
She looked up at him, her smile coy. “Why do you ask?” “I'm inclined to believe I am one of many in your line of conquests.”
A soft knock on the doorframe made Castiel look up. Charlie stood there, her eyes wary and sad as she looked at Dean's form.
For a long moment, Camael stared at him, and the anger faded from her eyes, replaced by a longing and sadness so deep it made Amox's breath catch. She gathered that hand to her lips, warmth sliding across his fingers, and then there was only empty space where she had stood.
“How helpful,” Amox grumbled, and turned away to examine the pouring rain once more. It was coming down harder, if that was even possible, when a figure suddenly stepped in the middle of the road.
“El will provide,” his father answered. “Quiet. No more.”
Sam sat forward in his chair, excitement growing as he latched on to the metaphor. “Well, if they all have rooms, like a house or a dorm or something, then wouldn’t there be a common area? A hallway or…or a living room?”
“There’s a small hole here that doesn’t belong.” Castiel pointed to the tiny hole as Dean came over to look at it.
Dean cracked a smile. “Yeah, you did.”
“Well, we’re not there yet. But I think I’d like to, uh, move in that direction.”
“Why are you hurting kids?” Sam demanded as he stood in the middle of the kids’ dark bedroom. “Too afraid to pick on an adult? Why don’t you try scratching
“Or a prisoner. Might have better luck on my own.”
“Oh, just a song from a TV show I found on Netflix. The symbol on the hero’s suit intrigued me at first. Then I learned he could fly. It wasn’t really all that memorable except for the song at the beginning.”
“‘Fear not,’ in Enochian and Hebrew,” Sam said.
. If you reject yourself, you reject them too. If you try to kill yourself, you’re killing
Sam whirled around to see Crowley standing at the bedroom entrance. “What are you—?”
“Wait!” Sam held up his hand before Jack could disappear. “Let’s put together a plan first before you take off, okay?”
“No, for the good of
“You just like food that’s been blessed by my presence,” Dean joked, feeling nothing of the sort.
Dean held his free hand up. “Way too much info, Gabe.”
“I am. Especially because from every source I’ve consulted, you’ll be the one doing most of the work.” Sam flashed a smile. “You’ve got this, Cas. I’m not saying it’ll be fun, but I know you can do it.”
“You don’t need wings. Shake your hands out, like you’re shaking water off them.”
“I’ll see what I can do. Thing is, they phrased it like an ultimatum. Sign or be dropped. And if they drop me for demanding higher royalties, I’m poison to other publishers.”
Instantly, Castiel felt on the defensive, even as his mind argued that here, with Chuck, of all people, he should obey without question. He hesitated.
“First, Dean, don’t ever devalue yourself. Second, I can think of a much better strategy for you. With the way you look, you could sell pretty much anything.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Whoa, Cas…” Dean breathed out. “Take it easy or this’ll be over before it starts.” He held still for a few moments, testing Castiel’s patience, before he finally began to move slowly.
“No. Your body is asleep in your room.”
“That’s great, Cas,” Dean said. “Maybe I need to try this sometime.”
“Damn straight,” Dean said.
Every response Castiel could think of was some form of argument, to argue
“Slow ‘em down, Cas. Wanna get my mouth
Barely taking his eyes off the TV set, Dean shrugged. “I’m not in a rush. Are you in a rush?”
“One more word, Cas,” Sam warned, “and you’re gonna have more to atone for.”
“Yeah. Still thinking about it. C’mon. Let’s go back. You need to talk to Castiel before he gets any more worried.”
“That from the bottom of a garbage bag or a lethal potion from Rowena?” he asked, making a face at the clear plastic tumbler Sam was holding.
“I don’t care,” Dean muttered, digging the phone out of his pocket. He slid it across the floor, not looking at its trajectory. “Not gonna stay anyway.”
Dean was out the door before Sam could change his mind.
Leaning over, Dean pulled a bottle out of his nightstand drawer. “Not in the physical world; no need for condoms, right?” He gave Castiel a half-smile. “But I’m gonna use the lube just in case.”
Swallowing hard, Dean lowered his gaze, trying to take it all in.
“It’s the only thing I can think of. As far as an afterlife, it’s the primary difference between angels and humans.”
The bell over the front door chimed, and the woman’s verbal assault quieted as she left the store with her browbeaten daughter. A minute or two later, Cas shuffled closer to Dean until the sides of their arms and legs were touching. Cas inhaled shakily and then exhaled through his mouth, catching a few times.
Dean followed immediately, ignoring both Cas and Charlie. He was looking forward to spending some time signing books and chatting with his fans. That was always the best part of coming to one of these conventions, and it never failed to make him feel better.
Laughing, Dean pulled Castiel’s hands off. “Easy there, tiger. I got this.” He removed Castiel’s shirt and stepped closer, his hands working Castiel’s belt buckle. “I can’t tell you how many times I’ve thought about this,” he said softly before kissing him again.
“Did he say anything else to you?”
“Uh…Yeah…I don’t…I don’t think that will be necessary, Cas.” Dean shifted uncomfortably against the headboard, because that image was just…
“God, Cas…”
“No, it’s not a…okay, it’s sort of like a tulpa.”
“Great. So do I. Which one are you on?”
. And talk to him honestly. Stop trying to prove himself and just…be.
“We love you,” four-year-old Dean said, patting Dean’s knee.
“Oh, well, when it’s, you know, romantic love, usually you want to do, you know, physical stuff with them.”
“I’m—” Castiel sighed and stood, moving back to the window and staring out at the parking lot for a few moments before turning around and facing Dean. “With your mother back, you have the family you’ve always wanted. The family you deserve. I know we are friends, Dean, but I don’t know that I fit in there.”
“Yes.”
“I need you to locate Jack for me.”
“Thought you just said you didn’t do photos?”
Castiel moved his wings back into the etheric plane, then sat in a chair across from the bed. “How did you heal yourself? How did you override the implant?”
“That’s what set you apart, Castiel. The other angels? They only knew duty or whatever their agenda du jour was.”
Sam gave him a long-suffering sigh. “Tell me about it.”
“Approximately twenty-eight minutes.”
“Yes?”
“It’s…good.”
. And just when I think you’ve learned your lesson and you’ll stick around for a bit and actually
Castiel rolled his eyes. Were all teenagers this argumentative? Is this really what Dean had been like? “I am telling you that you need to sleep. And Sam needs to sleep. And we will talk more in the morning.”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered. “So demons are using this law to take down angels.”
“I am sorry to break the mood. And I’ll help us get back there. I promise.” Cas took one of those breaths like he did in EMDR. “I thought of what to do with my grace.”
“Dork,” Dean said with a smile. He sobered at the next thought. “What I
Sam followed Cas back into the library, wondering how much Cas’ arm hurt and if he’d admit to any pain. “What happened while I was gone? I was only in the garage for a few minutes.”
“Hey, Cas.” Dean turned to the woman and held out his hand. “Dean Winchester.”
The churches were a bust. According to them, he didn’t need God, he needed Jesus. When they told him that angels were New Age hippie nonsense, and that Jesus was the only answer, he knew he wasn’t going to get any useful information. He wanted to tell them what he knew was the truth about Yeshua ben Yosef, but that might have opened something bigger than the proverbial can of worms.
” Dean had watched Cas’ eyes go unfocused for a few moments and nothing seemed to get his attention. He was about to shake the angel’s shoulder when Cas launched himself off the bed, his wings flapping, knocking pictures off the walls and sending the lamp and clock-radio sliding off the edge of the nightstand.
“And you didn’t see or hear anything else?” Sam asked.
Dean stripped down to his boxers, then sat down on the other bed, watching Cas. There was still no change, and Dean didn’t know what to do. He knew he’d been unnecessarily harsh with everyone, but he couldn’t bring himself to care much about others’ hurt feelings when Cas was so obviously in pain. It was as if none of them cared about Cas at all, and that thought refueled Dean’s anger.
“But what?”
it! My grace, my wings, my mission… I. Never. Lost. It.”
“Yeah, I still think our plan is good,” Dean said.
Castiel guided him to sit back down on the bed. “Just lie back. I’m going to touch your forehead and you’ll feel sleepy. That’s normal. Allow it to happen.”
Dean was confused. “You want…?” Then the fact that this came on the heels of Cas’ nightmare about the reaper made him catch his breath.
“If I find the helper part quickly enough, it won’t be an issue.”
Sam kept his voice gentle. “When’s the last time you went home, Gabe?”
“Like I said, you carry a lot of responsibility.” Cas combed through Dean’s hair with his fingertips, massaging little circles into his scalp. “Do you trust me?”
Pain erupted in Castiel’s head and back. He thought at first it was his wings again, but it was too sharp, and in somewhat the wrong place.
“Well, you know Dean. He doesn’t talk about feelings.”
“I didn’t know if
“Please, Dean. I want to earn your forgiveness.”
“I’m gonna take care of you, Cas,” Dean said, his voice half an octave lower. He removed the tie, then began unbuttoning Castiel’s shirt as he resumed kissing, first lips, then jaw, neck, collar bone.
“Any of ‘em. And we made it through them all. We’ll make it through this too.”
“And karma’s a bitch,” Gabriel added, too softly for Lot to hear.
Flashing a single raised brow, Gabriel said, “I told you it had some not-man-made ingredients.”
“All we got is each other, right?” Dean shrugged one shoulder.
Dean was quiet for a few moments, alert for any movement or the slightest change in airflow. “Thanks for the van repair,” Dean said to the air, looking all around. “But we really need some more help.”
“What?” Dean asked, some unidentifiable foodstuff clinging to his lips.
“Really. But something did happen, and I need your help.”
Castiel sighed, trying to figure out how to word this gently. Sam was strong, quite possibly the emotionally stronger of the two brothers, but this setback left him fragile. Sometime soon, Sam would set his feelings aside and go into full research mode, but until then, it was important he understand something. “Sam… that
“Nashville?” Sam asked, surprised. “I thought you’d prefer classical, or choirs, or Gregorian chants or something.”
. Choose life. Choose love. And live.” In the next moment, Michael was gone. No wing flaps, no breeze.
Tween Dean opened the door, four-year-old Dean right next to him.
“I can shield him from human view,” Cas offered. “But not from demons. If we had the ingredients for a spell, I could do that, but it would be more dangerous to seek what we’d need than to return to the bunker.”
“So?” Dean pulled out his keys. “There’s a burger place in Smith Center, along with a dollar store. We can find everything we need there.”
“I need to do the inner part of your wing now,” Sam said, “but it doesn’t look as bad. You kept it pretty well protected.”
“Shut up, dumbass,” Dean said.
Cas smirked, then looked back at the knife he was holding. He adjusted his grip on it, holding it between middle finger and thumb, then spun it around his thumb several times before catching it, tossing it to his other hand, and repeating the spin. “I can do it with two knives as well.”
Cas tipped his head to the side before giving him an affectionate smile. “He
“Four?” Castiel answered, not quite certain if that was accurate. It was close.
“You can see his feathers too?” Dean sat up and looked at Crowley with wonder. “And what’s wrong with your face?”
“No, Dean. I’m not leaving you like this. I’m not leaving you at—”
, but broke off the thought when he spied the solution at the end of an aisle. He pulled a black scarf off the top of the stack, happy to discover that it felt very similar to the other fleece. “I can tie this around my waist,” he said.
Good to know. Dean wondered why Sam hadn’t mentioned this to him earlier. He bookmarked the site and closed it out, then set up the movie and returned to his room with the laptop.
“No, because the changes we’ve made are going to ensure the company is in a good position moving forward. You’re one of our star authors, Dean. We don’t want to lose you and we want to make sure we’re around to keep publishing your books for years to come.”
With both a shrug and a smirk, Dean said, “Yeah.”
Feeling a sudden ache just below his sternum, Castiel closed his eyes to subdue it. What Dean had just said
him this way—strengthened the inner voice that reminded him he was all but useless. Far better to get Dean and Gabriel to safety so they could go on without him.
“Dean.”
“I might have promised him I-C-E-C-R-E-A-M if he stayed with me and kept his voice down.”
“Oh, come on. Like you don’t know? When are you going to tell the idiot you’re in love with him?”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said slowly as he sank to the ground.
“Uh, one iced coffee?” Dean said when he reached the front of the line. Why he had agreed to a temporary assignment in Tel Aviv when he didn’t know the language, the customs, or how to get anywhere beyond the coffee shop next door to his building was beyond him.
Dean grabbed the gun, the demon’s cell phone, and some sort of identification badge. Nothing else looked interesting. No keys, no wallet. He ran back to the car, seeing Gabe and Cas in the back amidst a tangle of wings, got the car in gear, and sped into Brownville before the cops woke up.
“You know, I’ve told Sam and Dean that they’ve got this. Whichever
“And Gabriel?”
Jess raised her eyebrows. “You threw it out, didn’t you, babe?”
Which brought up another question. The Michael in this universe was nothing like any of the other versions of Michael he’d met. Well, except for the attitude of
“It’s Lucifer.”
failures. Babies are born innocent. Little kids don’t fail. I did a lot of shitty things, but I did them because I thought it was the only way to save someone else. I see that now. And maybe the worst thing I did was start to think that everyone else was worth more than me. That my life didn’t count if someone else’s could be saved.”
“What are you talking about, Bela? You know what? I need coffee before I can have this conversation. I’ll call you back in half an hour.” Dean hung up and silenced his phone. Sure enough, Bela called back immediately. He let it go to voicemail. Then he dialed his brother.
“The bed, I guess,” Dean said, sitting on the foot of the bed and crossing his legs. “What do you want to know?”
Dean watched as Castiel turned away, not missing the determined look on his face.
“No, I—”
“You can be very loud without making a sound, Dean,” Cas added.
is about strength to resist one’s desires. Self-restraint.”
“Our motel room. I don’t have a bedroom, okay?”
Sam pressed the smelling salt capsule into his hand and Dean snapped it in half, waving it under Cas’ nose. For a moment, Cas didn’t respond, then suddenly recoiled, looking like a frightened, wild animal as he tried to scramble away from Dean, hampered by the seat belt.
He meditated for a while, calming his thoughts to the tiniest awareness while stillness quieted the rest of his being. But inevitably, Dean kept intruding into his conscious mind, and the longer he tried to focus on that stillness, the less calm he felt. He glanced at the motel’s clock radio and noted it had been almost two hours since Dean left the diner. A thread of worry wove its way through his chest, constricting his vessel’s lungs. There didn’t seem to be much threat in this world, but old habits die hard. The truth was, Castiel felt better when he knew exactly where Dean was and what he was doing.
Michael nodded. “Fractured and concrete. The Source of All can never not be Here. Or Now.”
frowned upon in our universe,” Cas said. “But not unknown.”
“Night, Cas.” Dean ended the connection reluctantly. Working on a story hadn’t been this exhilarating since the first couple of books he’d written, before he even had a publishing contract. When had he lost that excitement of a new adventure? And what if… What if he and Cas rented a house in Waterville, writing the book while overlooking the story’s setting? Lazy mornings making out, breakfast on the outside balcony or patio that the house would unquestionably have, then a full day of writing, punctuated by kissing and laughter. He wondered if Waterville actually had any water. A lake, maybe? A fishing dock. Fresh fish for dinner. Evenings spent watching movies, wrapped up in each other, having mind-blowing sex.
“Someday, we need to talk about it,” Castiel said. “I’ve left you too many times to have earned your complete trust. It wasn’t by choice, but it still happened. I’ve hurt you. Give me a chance to help heal you.”
“Thought we were trying to get Cas home as quickly as possible.”
“Yeah, bud? Oh that's right, you wanted to ask a question. Ask away.”
“I thought you were going to bring him a snack,” Castiel prompted.
But Sam was already lowering his hand.
“We gotta help him, Sam.” Dean paced around the war room as if planning his own battle. Which, in a way, he was, except this was all in Cas’ head, and Dean was fighting blind.
“Cas!” Dean said, finally coming out of his shock. “You okay, buddy?” He hurried back toward the angel, half-expecting to see blood on his wing where the feathers had been ripped out.
“Well, for thirty bucks a night in a downtown capital city, you get what you pay for. I’ll survive.”
“Redecorating?” Crowley asked, stepping into the room and sliding some of the detritus out of his way with a shined shoe. “Oh, you might want to consider updating the wards on this place. Bit like leaving the door unlocked, if you ask me.”
“Shut up, Sam.”
“We really do,” Sam added, speaking to the empty lot. “You said you’d help.”
“No!” Castiel said, breaking free from the shackles and kicking her away from him. “You don’t get to take any more from me!”
Dean took another long swallow and set the beer down on the table. “Okay. Lead on. Let’s go meet past-me.”
ONE YEAR LATER
“Then how can I help?” Sam sat down at the table.
Cas worried his lower lip between his teeth before speaking. “I have a whirlpool suite. Three-person whirlpool in the room. I’ve been really wanting to try it out.”
Sam picked up the brass mesh and confirmed that it was, in fact, singed. It felt normal to the touch, not hot at all, so he placed it back where it had been. There were no marks on Gabriel’s skin where the mesh had covered it.
“Not your therapist, Dean. Your friend.”
, Dean! I was usually able to snap you out of yours.” Sam dodged as Cas tried to fight off an invisible assailant.
“Hot guys in Speedos?” Sam suggested, looking at the TV.
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean ground his teeth together. So Cas wanted to spend the next few years with him, but would happily ditch eternity? The pain of watching everyone leave slowly, drawn out over years, was unbearable, and despite his best efforts, Dean felt pinpricks of tears in his eyes. He tried to blink it away and took another swallow of coffee, but it tasted burnt and his hand shook as he set it down again.
“Now. You rest for a bit. I think you can be discharged soon, so I’ll go draw up the paperwork. Are you sure I can’t interest you in a triple espresso enema?”
“Next to you?” Sam piped up, barely concealing a laugh. “In
Michael seemed to consider the problem. “You are talking of the network that connects all angels, all messengers of Source?”
“I am very real, Dean. And no, we’re not married. I’m not opposed to it, but it’s a decision you’ll need to make later, when you’re better.”
“Right,” Sam jumped in, “but Jack’s half-angel. He can probably sense your intentions and any strong feelings. Like blaming him for Cas’ death.” Sam looked at Michael. “Right?”
“Yes, Dean. And donuts. I figured Gabriel would want one too.”
Castiel chewed his bottom lip for a moment. “May I access your academic memories briefly? I promise I will not look anywhere else.”
TRIVIA AND REFERENCES (in order of appearance)
“It ain’t about enjoyment. I just… If you leave again, willingly or not, I don’t think I’m gonna survive it.”
“For the good of Heaven,” Metatron said.
“He was
“So in this life you say
Dean was still stuck on Cas’ earlier comment. “Wait…you’re…?”
“Then you process your grief, keep an eye on Dean, and I will find God. I will not fail you two again.”
“Well, you taught me, Meg, to think outside the marketing box. ‘Don’t just give them a workhorse,’ you said. ‘Be a unicorn.’” Cas grinned. “I looked at what every other author was doing and thought about how I could put my own spin on it. What could I do differently? What could I do that was uniquely me? I even asked one of my brothers what made me different. He gave me quite the earful, but,” Cas looked innocently toward the ceiling, “only some of it is repeatable.”
“Gonna roll you in bubble wrap,” Dean continued with a teasing smile.
“I’m fine,” Sam said, narrowly avoiding another cough. He swallowed several times and cleared his throat to get the impulse to go away.
“Perhaps.” Castiel indicated the item in front of him, not quite sure what to call it. “I enjoy the texture.”
In this meditative state, he was all at once everywhere and in a single point, watchful over the bunker, over the two precious souls that slept in its confines, and also an individual spark of being, unattached to emotion, thought, or physical sensation, a willing patron in a multi-sensory movie called
“I don’t want to
“And the untrue belief that there’s something wrong with you.”
“I can still manifest my blade if necessary,” Castiel assured him.
“Shh, Castiel.”
“No. Yes? Not really. It’s…complicated.”
“They’re not gonna want to see me. But they’re gonna want to know you’re okay. I’ll hang out here.”
After distributing plates and setting the syrup down, Sam sat across from Castiel, whispering, “Thank you.”
“Well, that was kinda obvious. Hard to ignore, you know? And that was believing something outside of me. Changing my belief about myself? That’s harder.”
what you call order?”
Sam stood and brushed himself off, wondering if Jack had gone far. At least it was likely he was still in this world. He’d come back after he cooled off, wouldn’t he? Or had Dean pushed him too far this time?
“Your name. It means ‘strength of God.’ You can’t get much stronger than that.”
Gabriel reached out his hands again and Sam felt the touch of his fingers, cool skin on his forehead. Then there was a feather-light touch in his chest, a slight easing of the pressure and heaviness he’d grown used to in the past two days. Gabriel dropped his hands. “I’ll come back in an hour.”
“Well, I was. I thought I’d check in on you.”
“Uh…” Sam shook his head with a slight shrug. “We’ve been over this before. Yeah, you did some pretty awful things, but, you know, we dealt with it. You’re still family.”
, and yeah, that was… Dean shifted in his seat and unintentionally punched the accelerator. Here, in the safety and privacy of his own car, could he allow himself to want that?
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Cas asked. “What about the series name?”
“What?” Castiel was not following this at all. Were X-Men more monsters he wasn’t aware of?
Dean headed south and then west, bypassing cities and towns for an hour until he could feel his eyelids getting heavier. The town of Northwood was ahead, and Dean spotted a sign for a motel just south of town. “We’ll stop here,” he announced. “I’ll gas Baby up tomorrow, restock our food supply. We should be able to make it back to the bunker tomorrow, maybe nine hours on the road or so. The only trick is going to be getting across the Missouri River without hitting a checkpoint, but we can plan that out tomorrow.”
“’Course we are,” Gabe said. “We were born ready, right Cassie?”
“Six and four,” the youngest Dean said, nodding his head emphatically. “Six and four crayons. And I’m four!”
What had Cas said? The etheric plane vibrates at a different frequency.
“Oh, hell no,” Dean said. “You wanna be besties with him, go right ahead. I still don’t trust that he doesn’t want something in return.”
“Consent, remember? Kind of a fan.”
“Oh, we know,” Dean said.
“Your schedule, Dean. What’s on your schedule for today?”
“I do not have ‘tells,’” Castiel argued.
“If you call living two thousand miles away from each other a mere obstacle.”
He felt arms embrace him tightly then, and he drew Dean closer to him. As if responding to some silent crescendo, they found their way off the bed and began moving together, discarding the rest of their clothes, constantly giving reassuring touches, mouths finding skin, a give-and-take of caresses and electric sparks of desire. And then Dean was before him, naked. Beautiful. His scars spoke of every battle he’d survived, and a few he didn’t, but came back from anyway.
The guy nodded once, and Dean led the way toward the door, only to hear, “You’re welcome, Dean,” behind him. He spun around but the table was empty. No plate, no cup, no biscuits, no farmer guy.
“My vessel is male, yes.
. “Fine. Well, I won’t be long. In the shower. Where I’m going…” he pointed into the bathroom, “now.”
Castiel had seen Dean’s body before, had recreated it particle by particle, but it was so much more glorious with Dean alive in it. He wanted to run his hands over every inch of skin, to feel the warmth and perfect imperfections, to do the closest thing he could to caressing Dean’s essence. He was about to stand up and do just that when Dean dropped to his knees next to the bed, moved so he fit between Castiel’s legs, and pulled him forward for another kiss.
“This isn’t really a time to be talking about play,” Castiel said. “When angels are no longer being abused and killed, when Lucifer is back where he belongs, I would very much like to learn more about play. But for now—”
Dean cleared his throat. “What do you mean, if this is all you can have?”
“Dean.” Cas stopped them, looking more solemn than usual. “I would never ask for more than you’re willing to give. I’m willing to be as patient as you need. I’m an angel; I’m very practiced at patience. And you’re worth it.”
“This is a courtesy call,” Bella said after Dean answered. “Only because we have a history. I like you Dean. I really do. I wish we could have worked longer together. And I argued on your behalf with my superiors, but, as you know, money talks louder than words. You’ll be receiving a termination letter tomorrow. I just overnighted it to you. You don’t need to sign it. One of our inventory managers will be in touch with you in the next week or so to let you know how many copies of your titles we currently have in stock. You’re welcome to purchase them at your usual author discount of twenty percent. If you choose not to purchase them, you need to let us know in writing. Email is fine. In that case, we are free to dispose of them as we see fit. If we sell them, we keep all proceeds. You’ll be sent a royalty check for any sales that took place through yesterday and our business will be complete. Do you have any questions?”
Sam stepped over to Gabriel’s side and began lathering more baby shampoo before digging his fingers into the feathers to scrub out whatever detritus might be lodged in there.
Castiel sighed. “I don’t know how to say this without being blunt. It will be painful.”
“Gabriel,” Castiel cautioned quietly. “We are not here to indulge in the pleasures of the flesh.”
“I know I don’t
, Castiel.”
“Oh. So he hurt you.”
“Of course, Sam.”
“You’re—” She stopped suddenly and blushed. “I can’t believe you’re at my table.”
Dean sighed. The bridge was, at best, sixteen feet from edge to edge. Not wide enough for the nearly-eighteen-foot-long Impala to make a U-turn. “You better be right.”
“Yes! I’ll get it tattooed! This is fantastic!”
Gabriel’s look softened. “Doesn’t mean I can’t come visit, once it’s up and running again. Maybe take a vacation to Kansas. The ley lines here are kinda cool after all.”
“Don’t bother. Leave it like this. It’ll remind me what a fuckup I am.”
Cas tipped his head down a bit. “I was thinking of my own recipe. Pecan.”
Castiel thought about his answer. Dean was smart, smarter than he often pretended to be, and any inconsistency was likely to be caught by this Dean. “You threw yourself in front of a spell Rowena cast to try and permanently separate me from my vessel. Instead of separating you from your body, the spell fractured your mind. You are one of eight parts residing in an extremely organized, compartmentalized symbolic house of rooms, split off from one another. Each of the parts has had executive control over your body in the real world, some several times, including you.”
“That’s a relief,” Dean deadpanned. “But, uh, the rest of it? You have any…desires?”
And it had absolutely nothing with wanting to drag his fingers through those feathers again.
Sam rolled his eyes, shook his head, and looked to Gabe for help.
“What happened to him, Cas?” Sam asked, not even trying to hide his worry. “What did she do to him?”
“No, the point is that you think of yourself first, and everyone else later, if ever,” Castiel said.
“I…I was thinking of a bulletin board. Something he could see right away.”
Dean sighed and shook his head. Between Sammy’s student loans and three books a year to Bela, that was an expensive and unlikely scenario. But still fun to dream.
It wasn’t long after they sat down in the kitchen that Sam returned, looking victorious, as if he’d singlehandedly killed a dozen demons rather than found Lucky Charms and crayons.
. CJ just seemed like a woman’s name. And the whole angel thing. Aren’t chicks more into that?”
“Hello, Sam.”
“Naomi again?”
“Wish you would have told me,” Sam muttered.
“Over longer distances, or with half-hearted intention, yes. But you’re a natural at this, Sam, and being right here, I can almost hear you better this way.” He raised his hands. “Ready for round two?”
Gabe shrugged, the movement visible in the rearview mirror. “High metabolism. It didn’t last long.”
His body didn’t seem to want to stop rocking then, into Cas’ fist and back onto his finger, which gradually pushed deeper. Cas did something with this hand, then, turning it somehow, and Dean felt a near detonation go off, sending shockwaves of pure ecstasy through his body as he came between them. He tried to catch his breath, feeling almost numb at first and then overly sensitive as Cas thrust a couple more times and groaned with a full-body shudder, spilling warm liquid to mix with Dean’s.
The graphic images reminded Castiel of the last time his wings
gonna help?”
Before finding out, Castiel decided he needed to tour the rest of the house. If there was a master bedroom, as the four-year-old Dean pointed to, then it likely belonged to one of the adult Deans. But there were no other rooms on the upper floor. Not even a bathroom.
“Right.” Gabriel scratched his chin thoughtfully. “So, tell me whatever ideas you have, and I’ll tell you how I can make them a thousand percent better.”
His gaze lowered as Sam’s hand did, and he did the inhale and exhale as Sam had taught him, but he couldn’t help but think about what this meant for any sort of integration between his angelic and human parts.
Dean thought for a moment, then shook his head. But as he did, his features changed again. Although still young, fear was clear on his face, and he nervously looked around the room. “Who are you? Why are you here?”
“Not omnipotent. And yeah, I know about your uncle and his bid for president.”
Dean slid the shirt off of him, doing his own exploration of tanned skin. He mouthed at Cas’ neck, the perpetual stubble rough but reassuring under his lips. He found Cas’ belt and began working it open, feeling Cas fumbling to do the same, but it was getting awkward with them both sitting, and Dean was finding it increasingly and uncomfortably tight. He pulled Cas with him to a standing position, then went right back to what he was doing, letting Cas’ pants and belt drop to the floor with a soft clatter.
“It must have been very difficult.”
Dean gave a short laugh. “Man, if you were human, I’d say this was turning you on.”
“Who relies on demons,” Sam said. “And maybe appointed the devil to his cabinet.”
Castiel reached out and tried. It opened easily.
Sam gave him bitchface #9, the one that made Dean want to simultaneously laugh and slap it off his face. “Let’s review.” Sam’s tone was sanctimonious. “Cas is having flashbacks not only to memories that he’s always remembered, but new ones of being tortured by Naomi. Said torture is effectively being given a lobotomy with a drill. Sound about right?”
“I know what you’re gonna say, Cas, and I’m sorry I led you on. You deserve better. I’ll let myself out.” He started to climb out of bed, but Cas’ firm grip on his wrist stopped him.
things together.” Dean smirked and then winked, and immediately, Castiel felt his vessel respond with nerves firing over the entirety of his skin and a growing tightness in his groin.
these?”
“That’s not who we are,” Dean said. He paused, sensing that this wasn’t what Michael was asking. “You mean to tell me this whole thing was just to teach us about free will?”
“Ergo?” Dean repeated, a hint of teasing in his voice.
“Marginally.”
“All right, all right. Fine, okay? I’ll apologize or whatever. Cool your jets.” He swallowed some more coffee, his stomach churning, though from acid or guilt, he wasn’t interested in finding out. “Meanwhile, we gotta find Jack and neutralize him.”
“And that leads me right into the next thing,” Sam said. “The target memory, and image, hold a belief you have about yourself. You just said you didn’t deserve mercy.”
“’Kay Sammy.”
There was no answer, but he didn’t have time to figure out what was going on with Sam. He’d seen the SUV in the garage, so he knew Sam was in the bunker somewhere. Right now, Cas came first.
“Hang on, Cas.” Dean reached for his nightstand drawer and grabbed the lube. “Don’t want this to hurt you.”
Sam held a digital voice recorder in one hand, his EMF meter with its backlit screen in the other. He’d spent the past two hours roaming the small house in the dark, focusing mostly on the bedrooms, and unless the voice recorder caught something, he’d come up empty. He was about to speak again when a noticeable chill moved past his right arm, causing the EMF meter to spike.
“Hi, I’m Tessa,” said the first, a brunette who barely looked out of her teens.
“Look, I get that I probably overstepped my bounds somewhere. With everything we’ve been through—”
“That’s where the bunker should be.”
“Touché. Just…think about it, okay? You were excited about becoming co-owner of Custom Classics with Bobby after Dad died. I’m sure Bobby’d still take you on.”
The first time it happened, Dean thought it was just Cas being, well,
When Tween Dean returned to his room, he looked a little shaken. Castiel wasn’t sure at first if he could enter Dean’s room without Dean, but the door opened easily to his touch. It seemed safer to wait in there than risk being seen by any of the other Deans, should they venture out of their rooms.
“Cas…” Dean groaned.
“Try?”
“Don’t care about the damage,” Dean said, taking advantage of his proximity to dive in with both hands. “Care about making you feel good.”
And yet not empty.
After a long silence, Dean asked, “What happened to the room?” He looked around, spotted something, picked it up, and burst into tears.
“Oh.” All of Dean’s confusion and annoyance vanished. He watched as Castiel struggled to tuck the back flap between his wings. “Here, let me help,” he said, climbing out of bed and easing the two wings into their slots in the jacket.
Sam took a sip of his cooling hot cocoa and Castiel followed suit, savoring the cinnamon. He could tell Sam’s anxiety was still present, but there was a thread of excitement in being able to share knowledge he’d gained. Sam would have made a good teacher.
“Wait wait wait,” Dean held one hand up. “You’re sayin’ you want me to forgive you so you can feel better about yourself?”
“Maybe someday you can see it with your soul,” Castiel murmured.
Dean opened his mouth to answer, then closed it again. “That’s weird. When I was down here before, it
“I’m not sure,” Cas answered. “Longer than I thought I would, but short enough that I was up before Sam.”
“It was…okay?” Cas looked suddenly uncertain.
The biggest problem was that the ground was frozen. Sam dug out the pickaxe and pry bar, along with a butane torch, just in case. He’d prefer not to use the torch to thaw the ground. He still hadn’t gotten over his nightmares from the last time he was around one. He hefted the pickaxe first and eyed the ground. The biggest problem was about to become the most recent accomplishment.
“Sure. You’re welcome.”
“And did you spend the night with this other author?” Sam persisted.
“It changes nothing between us,” Hevel replied, moving to intercept the lamb again. “But it should be an incentive for you to be better.”
Kate’s phone rang and she excitedly brought it to her ear. “Yes!” she answered. “I’m talking to them
“I would assume Heaven, but… He is an enigma, Dean. I don’t trust him. I don’t know how he’s doing what he’s doing. But he’s clearly powerful.”
Sam followed quickly, ready to get between Dean and their mom if Dean reacted badly. Hunter Dean was maybe the best alter to have in control. He’d understand whatever Mom had to say if it was hunting-related.
Cas grinned. “I know.”
“I get it, Dean. I do. We have to go back sometime anyway. We still need to defeat Michael. We’ll see her again, and we’ll convince her to come back with us. You, me, Mom, Jack, Cas, and Gabe. The bunker won’t feel so empty.”
“Those were traumas you lived through. Your thoughts about them are very loud.”
Cas stepped forward. “Jack, he’s the only other one with power right now. Gabriel and I…we can’t help.”
in your back?”
, Gabriel?”
Suicidal Dean chuckled. “You just said it after raining sparks down on my head. It was memorable.” He was quiet for several moments. “Thank you.”
“He’s got a collapsed lung, broken ribs, and a hole in his back.”
“It was just…every spring, she’d get excited about her roses blooming. Spring meant color. It meant life. And then she was gone.” Dean sat up a little straighter on the bed and looked at the display of guns again. “Death follows me, man. I kill. I kill and I torture and everyone around me dies.” He looked back at Cas. “At least once. Spring…Spring just reminds me of what I can’t have. And Mom’s alive again, but she’s still not back. She’s not the mom I remember. She’s not the mom with the roses.”
“Yeah, I can see where that would be a problem. But you’ve been in your vessel for years now, and you’re okay, right?”
Dear Mr. Winchester:
“Dad was a product of his generation, his time in the military, and a lot of ignorance and fear,” Lover Dean replied. “He defined masculinity a certain way, but that doesn’t make him right. Or me wrong.”
“Why is my life a joke to you?” Husband Dean demanded. “Are you putting me down like so many other people do, just because I’m a mechanic?”
“Easily. And he probably had alerts set up under any family names and addresses. So he probably knew CJ Novak was a name associated with Balthazar, but not have confirmation of who CJ Novak was until the con.”
“He probably went somewhere to be alone for a bit. Hasn’t been exactly private around here lately. And yes, before you say it, I know he was drinking last night too. He’ll be lucky to have just a hangover when he wakes. Another reason why now is not a good time.” Sam stood, effectively ending the conversation.
Cas sat partway up, threw his arms around Dean, and pulled him up, moving so their erections rubbed together, and causing Dean to throw his head back and try to keep from coming right then. Cas was doing something else with his hands, but Dean couldn’t spare any thoughts about it as wave after wave of pleasure washed through him.
“No, thank you. I think I’d just like to rest a bit.”
but she took the keys and didn’t question him. Sam went with her, muttering something about not wanting her to be alone, but casting a glance his way that suggested he knew Dean wanted some privacy. And that was okay, because it was mostly true. Hell, he wanted reassurance and tonight he didn’t care who knew it.
, Dean reminded himself. It was just a friendly, platonic, brotherly kiss on the head. No big deal. But then Dean thought about Cas’ lips, and what it might be like to kiss them, and that whole manna/forbidden fruit feeling came back. He shoved it down, buried it, and started the movie.
disrespect me again, or there will be consequences. Get. Dumah. For. Me. Now.”
your way through. You’ve got to face your family.”
“I don’t seem to be able to hide them,” Castiel said. “I would otherwise, to make you feel more comfortable.” He angled his wings so he could sit on the green couch and motioned for Dean to sit on the edge of the bed. “What’s the last thing you remember?”
“You gonna trust whatever he tells us, Cas?” Dean said.
“You still don’t trust me.” There was no question in Gabriel’s tone.
“You’ve learned quickly, Grasshopper. I put him out. He won’t feel anything until I wake him up. But even that’s costing me. So…”
Dean’s breathing became faster and he groaned a few times before managing to say, “Cas… I’m gonna…”
“She was rude to you,” Dean explained. “And…I guess I’m hurt on your behalf. You’re worth more than how people are treating you. How these laws treat you.”
Castiel watched as Dean’s entire demeanor changed. He almost seemed to shrink, standing not as tall. Wrinkles etched in his face from stress and age smoothed out. Even the shape of his eyes changed, as if different muscles took over.
Heaven.” Metatron trailed the point of the angel blade down Castiel’s cheek. “We had so much in common, you and I. We should have been on the same side.”
“I will be. You don’t need to worry about me.” After considering his options, Castiel made a decision and stood up. “Come have breakfast with Dean and me. And then we’ll look for Gabriel and Jack.”
“It’s perhaps for that very reason that I find humans fascinating. You could so easily give up, think that you can’t make a difference in the world in just eighty years or so. But you don’t. You keep trying, keep creating, keep…loving. You’re resilient. Angels are created to follow orders, Dean. But humans? Humans are created to inspire. And be inspired.”
“Who says I think you don’t care about the pain you’ve caused?” Dean said.
“Gabriel dream walked with me and explained…a lot of things. He faked his own death. Twice, apparently, that night.”
“I’m the one letting you down here, Cas. Can’t even wave my hand right.”
Cas how he felt, and to let Cas show him too. Because there was nothing to be afraid of now. Cas wasn’t leaving. Wasn’t rejecting him. Didn’t think he was broken.
“Can I—?” Jack motioned toward a pen and pad of paper on the nightstand.
Surging up to meet his lips, Cas kissed him until his lips felt numb. “Very well. Let’s move this to somewhere more comfortable.”
“No, it doesn’t. I have an interview set up for tomorrow with a local historian there, whose grandparents used to live down the road from Constance. I figure if we leave right after breakfast, we can be there by evening, meet the mom, maybe do our own investigation tonight.”
,” Cas interjected. “It’s Greek. Means ‘earth smell.’”
“You’re you,” Castiel said with complete honesty.
“You guys, uh… done?” Sam asked from the other side of the island. “Safe to come out now?”
Sam sat forward in his chair. “What did he show you, Cas? I promise, Dean will shut up and listen.” He sent his best bitchface to his brother. “Won’t he?”
“But you have wings,” Dean said, smiling with an innocent look that Sam was pretty sure he’d never seen on his brother’s face before. “They’re pretty.”
“Would you say, then,” Michael continued, “that fear drove your intention?”
“Not even close, Dean. I am only interested in one person, and he is male.”
“I understand what it means to love someone. My father’s commandment to us was to love humanity. I understand sacrifice and conviction. But…” Castiel steeled himself, knowing this could make things worse. “How do you know when you are
“What?”
“Some.”
And that was another problem. What if
Gabriel was doubled over, breathing heavily and looking a little shocked. The brass mesh was laying on the ground, with what looked like singe marks on it.
Castiel couldn’t help but allow a wry smile. Hindsight was a blessing. “Which one?”
“Seems overly generous.”
in our shower?”
“I’m fine. I just need to know if you can heal me. Before anyone sees the blood.”
“Yeah, but Cas, I’m sure people took photos of the panels here. Isn’t that a risk?”
“You know he left last night?” Castiel pressed, unable to quell his concern for Dean’s safety.
“My family is…a high profile family. Paparazzi, news outlets, tabloid gossip. They’re obsessed with their public image.”
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Manners, Dean,” he chided softly.
At one point, on a long stretch of highway through farmland, he drove left-handed, his right hand resting on the middle of the seat bench. He left it there, an invitation maybe, or maybe just taking a break. In his peripheral vision, Cas didn’t seem to move, staring as he was out the passenger window without a word. But a few minutes later, Dean was certain he felt warmth near his little finger, and something akin to static electricity tickled the side of his hand. He glanced down as if eyeing the tape player and verified one angelic hand, covered in dried blood, less than an inch from his.
“He didn’t
“You need some help?” Dean asked.
“Fine,” he grumbled.
get to say who does what!”
Cas came up on his left, his hand resting briefly on Dean’s arm. “Are you okay, Dean?”
“Well, I guess it still involves sacrifice and conviction.” Dean handed him two more clean plates and started on the pan. “You, uh, want to be with that person all the time. Qualities in that other person that other people think are annoying are endearing to you. You can’t help but forgive them for stupid shit they do.” Dean shrugged. “Why, you meet some hot chick?”
“Well, I didn’t exactly give you
of me?”
Again, Gabriel’s fingers brushed softly against Sam’s forehead and Sam could feel that gentle healing presence in his chest. It was nothing at all like Lucifer’s dominant takeover, and unlike even Cas’ healing, which felt more like a cool stream targeting whatever hurt. This was…modest, even timid, and Sam wondered—without directing the thought toward Gabriel—if it was genuine or yet another deceptive setup.
? Yoda?”
“Your manipulation of energy is different from having power. You gave up your agency to your addiction, which led to disastrous results. You gave up your agency to another, which led to disastrous results.”
Cas stood, turned, and straddled Dean’s thighs in a single fluid movement. “You what?”
“What did you do?” Dean shouted over Cas’ screaming. “Tell me!”
“Heard that too, Deano.”
Revisiting the image made Castiel cringe, wanting desperately to defend himself, fight her off. It took more willpower than he cared to admit to keep reminding himself that he was safe here in the bunker. Dean was still beside him. He didn’t have to fight. It was only a memory. “Eight.”
Sam didn’t want to stay on this subject any longer. “So what’s going to happen once we get those cuffs off you? You going to disappear again? Go back into hiding?”
“Precisely why we need a third room,” Dean said. “With Netflix.”
“Of course, sir. I’ll bring you a container and you can fill it up at the salad bar.”
“A Dean,” four-year-old Dean said, rubbing his nose with the back of his hand. “Let’s go love a Dean.”
“Okay.” Sam raised his hand. “Just notice.”
… I get to keep my creativity. My fun. If there’s no fun, there’s no point.”
“The game!” Gabe insisted.
Castiel stepped forward and used a pulse of grace to shift the old mortise lock open.
“It’s not a human soul. Not fully-formed, I imagine. As long as I have enough grace, I may be subject to the cosmic entity’s authority.”
Dean snickered as they made their way down the hall to the bedrooms. “Well played, Cas. Well played.”
Sam watched as Dean’s face looked shocked, then pissed, then turned red. And Gabriel clearly noticed it too.
When Castiel entered Dean’s room, he was surprised to find Dean sitting on his bed, writing something on a piece of paper. There was no way Dean could have overheard their conversation about the bulletin board through his closed door.
“Crowley put you up to this?” Dean demanded from where he stood across a grocery loading zone. Cas, standing behind Dean, had done whatever he did with his angel blade, disappearing it until next time, but looked like he was ready to draw it again.
“So you cheated on me. You even said you stopped wearing your ring in solidarity with me. And then you go sleep with fake-me?”
Something else shifted in his mind then. Images from his memories—Avraham, Yitzhak, Lot, Jonathan, David—in every one, he was advocating life. Human life meant little to most angels. Mud monkeys, eking out a few years of what passed for living, then tucked away in their private heavens. But their lives
Sam dumped out a previous day’s used filter, added a new one, scooped in coffee grounds, poured water into the tank, and pushed the power button before he spoke again. “So, what does bring you here so early?”
“Hello, boys.”
Dean stood up and took stock of their surroundings. A couple of short, brick buildings stood to one side of the field. A parking lot and another building surrounded by trees was on the other side. Across the highway was a farm. “Where are we?” he asked Jack, hearing his voice sound harsher than he intended it. “And how are we gonna get Mom back?”
“Better,” Castiel said, glancing at Gabriel with a grateful look. He studied the map, looked up at the stars, then back to the map. “Where are you planning to cross?”
“I’ve heard of this, but thought that practice went out in the nineties.”
“I know you don’t. You don’t remember any of the good things you’ve done either.”
“Yeah?” Gabriel shot back. “Then who am I?”
“You want three books a year and to pay me less. That’s the bottom line, isn’t it?”
Unable to keep from panting, he focused what little coherence he had left on lifting his head.
Hunter Dean smirked and met Demon Dean’s gaze. “I love
“I know, Dean. I’m glad he stopped you.”
Whatever was going on with Dean, Castiel did not like it. Ever since their conversation before dinner, Dean seemed closed off. He wasn’t giving off any waves of anger, but he’d shut himself off from everyone, it seemed. Once everyone had finished eating, Castiel brought the dirty dishes over to the sink, where Dean was filling the basin with soapy water.
“In what way?”
“I use my hand to direct my focus,” Jack explained. “But I don’t have to touch things, no.”
“I follow you on Twitter,” Charlie said. “Tell me more about this, Jedi Master.”
“I’ve no idea,” Crowley said. “
is the one who figures out how to save you? You’re not the coward, Cas. I am. I don’t…I don’t deserve your love.”
“You okay, Cas?” Sam asked.
“Funny running into you here too,” Dean said, hands in his pockets as he approached the guy.
In a swift movement, Cas swallowed him down and Dean nearly came with the sudden, overwhelming sensations, buried in wet heat and a tongue that seemed to have acrobatic skills as it folded and wrapped itself around him. Dean could feel pressure building in his lower abdomen, his body tensing and moving without conscious thought. Then it was cold again as Cas released him and moved up.
“Alignment with Source,” Michael said. “Or not, for the alternate version you met.”
Sam coughed a wet noise that sounded anything but healthy. “So… I have to… say yes… again.”
“Yeah,” Sam agreed. “No point worrying about publishing contracts when it’s not even written yet.”
“I’m sorry, Sam. Sorry that happened to her.”
“Hevel!” Cain kneed animals out of his way as he approached his brother. “Don’t think this changes anything between us.”
Cas seemed to consider that for a moment, then nodded once and climbed out. “I’ll wait for you inside,” he said.
“Telling an almost-teenager to go to bed.” Sam speared some salad and raised his eyebrows. “Yeah, that’s going to go over well.”
“Not much that is helpful. He has an implant that greatly weakens his grace, requiring him to eat and drink. The food is, according to him, moldy and rancid. I’m not clear if that’s literal or figurative. He thinks that the government created the implants based in part from binding handcuffs. It binds angels to their vessels, prohibits flight, and eliminates any communication from ‘angel radio.’”
“Dean,” Cas said, looking hopeful. “Perhaps you would like to try some pie?
Castiel drew him close, pulling Dean’s head to his chest. “It’s okay, Dean. You’re going to be okay now.”
“A Dean club!” nine-year-old Dean repeated. “And Cas is an honorary Dean.”
“He’s not a demon, and he no longer needs you,” Cas said in what sounded more like a growl.
“You’re not going for a third, are you?” Sam asked, a little concerned.
“Show you what, Dean?” Castiel couldn’t help himself. It was not often that he got to see Dean looking embarrassed, unable to cover it with his cockiness.
Leaning close, Cas asked, “You still hungry?”
“But I don’t have
Number of unintended parallels to current events: too many to count
He sat up, rubbing his eyes. “Bobby?”
Dean stood too. “You’ll come back?”
Sam huffed out a laugh. “Yeah. We were about to take down the British Men of Letters. I guess I thought of that as leadership, not power.”
“…constant, festering disappointment?” The irritating voice, a discordant frequency between two-thousand and four-thousand Hertz, buzzed under his skin, and Castiel briefly shifted his awareness to his very real vessel, safe in the bunker, to remind himself that this was indeed only a memory, even as the voice droned on. “Save yourself,” the voice prompted.
Castiel tucked his wings in tightly and rolled over, then shifted around so the feathers at his back weren’t pinched or twisted. He relaxed his wings and allowed them to spread out slightly. Already he could feel his vessel’s—
freezing.”
The fifth time it happened, Dean thought maybe it was some freaky angel thing.
“I may not, but you do,” Castiel replied. He glanced around the small, sparsely-furnished room before going over to a small baseboard heater and studying it. Crouching, he waved his hand in front of the vent. “This is working, but only minimally. And it's mounted underneath the window, which is not properly sealed against the elements.”
“Cas,” Sam said, “you mean a lot to me, man, but I have less than zero interest in helping Gabriel. And we have another case, one with kids being hurt.”
? And you knew how to fucking do
“Practice makes perfect,” Gabriel said, clapping Jack on the shoulder. “We haven’t formally met. I’m Gabriel.”
“What, exactly, are ‘these?’”
Unthinking, he raised his right hand toward the closest wing, feeling the heat it gave off before coming to his senses and jerking his hand back. “Sorry,” he said quickly. “I’m sorry.”
“Parking lot. Motel office where we just were. Door was closed and locked. It was all outside, man. No creepy old house.” He slouched down in a chair. “So what is it then? Djinn?”
Dean kissed him again and dragged their hips together, creating the most amazing pleasure. “I wanna show you how much I love you.”
“I know how to remove a bullet,” Dean said. “Done it enough on Sam. But I’ve never worked on a wing before.”
“Well… You seem to have an answer for everything.”
Finally, Gabriel relented. “Long time. Longer, if I can help it.”
to:                Dean <dean@winchester.com>
“No need to apologize, Samshine. Look all you want.”
awkward.” Dean scoffed. “That whole thing was kind of stupid. I’ll stick with being a hunter, thank you very much.”
“I… On some level I love him too. I feel enormous compassion for him.”
“Yes, um… It wasn’t intentional. I apologize I wasn’t able to help you.”
“Yes. I am sure, Dean. Though I won’t be able to…” He shook his head.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said, his voice breaking.
“Guys,” Sam broke in, holding his phone up. “We need to get back to the bunker. And I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to walk eight-hundred miles.”
“Your wing still hurt?” Dean asked, wanting to put an end to the unease filling the room.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Think it’s working? Or you don’t trust him?”
“Exactly,” Sam said.
“What do you mean, words or not?” Dean asked.
“It’s nothing, really. You want a ride back?”
you’re tired, you hurt, and you’re…fuckless…”
Castiel withdrew his grace and his hand, bringing Dean toward him as they breathed together, every breath a vow, a declaration, a prayer.
“My apologies. That would not be conducive to my goal.” Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair, down his neck, trailing along his spine, then a single finger dragging along his crack before it disappeared.
Dean moved it into his lap, between the computer and his stomach. “C’mere.” He wrapped his arm around Castiel’s shoulders and pulled him closer. “You look tired. You sure you’re up to watching this?”
The next morning, before the sun had even risen, Castiel and Gabriel led most of Lot’s family out of the city. A few thought he was joking, and ignored him, to their own detriment. Lot’s wife didn’t want to leave, either, didn’t want to abandon their home and all of her possessions.
Sam smirked as Dean shot Castiel an unreadable look. “Uh, no. Cas. I haven’t. And I won’t.”
“Isn’t that a little too touchy-feely for a warrior, Cas?”
Feeling dizzy and like he might nod off at any moment, Castiel relented and allowed Gabriel to feed him a bite. Once again, the taste was familiar yet not quite identifiable. He remembered what he’d told Gabriel before, how it tasted like
“Sometime before breakfast this morning, he dumped an entire spice jar full of cayenne pepper into the orange juice.”
Shifting Baby back into drive, Dean pulled back out onto the highway, getting lost in her roar as he gained speed. Cas had to know that they could be used as leverage against one another; he was a strategist, after all. On the other hand, Dean was tired of the lonely nights, wondering if this was it, if hunting and dying an early death was all there was for him.
Again the sour look, this time with a flash of fear in those golden eyes. “I’m in trouble, baby bro. Big trouble. Here I was, supplying this lovely independent café with delicious desserts. I got time to experiment with new recipes, a damn fine looking manager who didn’t mind offering a few extra benefits after work in her bedroom, and all the anonymity I could want. Until the food critic showed up.
“Dean,” Cas said, “do know anything about a helper? Someone who helps you? Maybe someone you talk to when you’re afraid or hurting?”
“Even so.”
Sam started to take a step forward, then hesitated. “Dean, I swear I will lock you up in the dungeon if that’s what I need to do to keep you safe.”
“Connected to the geographic center,” Cas added.
“How long do you spend on that?”
“Cas, what’s wrong?” Sam asked. “You seem…edgy this morning.”
“Not a tranq. Those were bullets.” Gabe reached awkwardly over the seat back for the unfamiliar gun next to Dean. “No wonder,” he added after a few moments. “They made ‘em out of angel blades.”
“Yeah, I did, Dean. You didn’t even stir.”
. “Any more from Gabe? I mean, do we have a date? I don’t mean to sound callous…”
Dean tried to kiss Cas again, but wasn’t entirely sure where Cas’ mouth was. He managed a few sloppy kisses on Cas’ cheek and chin, then rested his weight on Cas. A black-belt samurai ought to be able to take that.
“Dean!” Sam gave his brother a look of irritation, probably what Dean would call his bitchface.
“You’re talking in riddles. Can you just undo whatever you did and help us figure out how to get back to our own universe?”
Sam opened his mouth to retort and Castiel decided to step in. “You both have different strengths.” He turned to Dean. “I am sure there will be something you can do that Sam can’t. I don’t know how this process will affect me, and I believe Sam is better equipped to—”
“Really, Sam. It was just unexpected. The undersides of my wings are a little more…sensitive.”
“Yeah. Thanks for stopping though,” Sam said. “The world could use more people who look out for others.”
“Do we take the risk and let him see Mom? Or should I ask him something else?”
“Like a biofeedback loop? No. They’re not that advanced yet.”
“That spelling thing is really working out for you, Sam.”
“You know,” Dean said, “family’s what has your back. Family’s what’s there for you when no one else is. And sometimes it’s not the family you thought you’d have, or the family you thought you wanted, but maybe it’s the family you need.”
“Awesome. Call me when you’re about an hour away. I’ll make us some dinner.”
“You what?”
“No, I agree with you. No demons.”
“Angels aren’t real,” Dean said, looking across the room. “Get out.”
“No, Cas. Don’t.” Dean held one hand up as if keeping him away. “I’m not worth it.”
“Some other time then,” Gabriel suggested.
Gabriel stared at him silently for several long seconds. “Give it to me,” he finally said.
But all Dean could feel was worry. This wasn’t the first time an angel had tried to
“What? Didn’t the Empty spit you back out at full power? You got the new duds. Much nicer coat, by the way. That short one didn’t suit you at all.”
All eyes turned to Lucifer, as he stepped through the camp gates, giving a cutesy wave that belied what lay underneath.
Dean tried to swallow around the sudden dryness in his throat. “Large.” What was it with all the Israeli men? Was it their army service? The women were attractive, sure, no more or less than American women. But the
“Of course.”
date:             Mon, May 15, 2017 at 12:00 PM
Sam sighed and eased himself back under the covers. He did want Gabriel to stay. But what in the world had he signed himself up for?
Dean made a face, clearly not accepting that argument.
In the distance, Castiel could hear Dean’s voice, his tone filled with worry. “Sam, you’ve got to stop it. Bring him back!”
“And you helped us and got out again. Until you didn’t.”
“Sam, that could have been very dangerous,” Cas said.
“Look, I don’t know how to call an angel in this universe,” Dean said, still scanning the lot for irregularities. “And I don’t know your name, so I can’t, like, pray to you or anything. But if you can hear us, we’d really like to talk with you.”
“Guys! I’m trying to eat here,” Sam complained.
Castiel returned to the motel room, only to realize there was nowhere else for him to go. He had no desire to walk around in the Kansas heat, no vehicle, no destination in mind. He wasn’t sure how to access Heaven in this universe, or if it was even worth pursuing. It did occur to him to ask how Heaven was run here, and if there might be some solution to take back to his universe’s Heaven. But that meant having a conversation with this world’s Michael, and he was not at all ready for that yet.
“What the hell, Cas? You’re actually thinking you’re going to
“I think he and I are opposite sides of the same coin,” Suicidal Dean said. “I felt powerless. He feels powerful. But they both stem from the same self-hatred. You all gave me my power back.” He looked at the younger children. “You reminded me of who I am because you accepted me the way I am. Failures and all. He needs the same thing.”
Dean took the coffee with his free hand. “I still need to pay you.”
“Or maybe you’re just the sad, weak angel, Castiel. The one who can never get it right, no matter how hard you try. The one from whom others will take because you have nothing else to contribute.”
Returning to the upstairs, Castiel made his way through the whirling gray to the door closest to the youngest Dean. He took a calming breath, readying himself, and knocked.
the possible things an author could do to market their books. And what I said is that to be successful, you only need to pick two or three of those things that work for your personality and life, focus on them, and do them well.”
“Kind of by accident. But yeah.”
Pounding on the door and yelling alerted them to a disturbance at the front of the house. “Please excuse me,” Lot said, rising from the table and going to the door.
Average royalty per book (paper or electronic) sold: $1.70
“I did. Pain’s pretty much gone.”
“You say no to him, I’m gonna have to take you to the hospital.”
Weakly, Castiel sucked in some water, the cool liquid easing his throat. The more he swallowed, the thirstier he felt, until he’d drunk the entire cupful. “Thank you.”
Ten minutes later, after brushing his teeth, changing into a t-shirt and sleep pants, and turning out the light, Dean crawled under the sheet and thin bedspread. He moved around, trying to find a comfortable—or less uncomfortable—position, finally rolling onto his right side. He could see Castiel at the desk, the light from his phone casting an eerie glow on his face. From time to time, the angel would look up as if searching for Dean in the dark, watch for a few minutes, then return to his phone.
“I understand. If he’s willing, I’d like him to be here.”
“If we do it here,” Sam said, indicating the dirt and gravel parking lot in front of the abandoned RV manufacturing factory just a five-minute walk from the motel, “it’ll be behind this office building and unseen from any nearby roads. And we’re about to lose our light, so that’ll help too.”
No, the best hunters were those with no ties and nothing to lose. It made for a lonely existence, but that was the price of being a hunter. He was sure even Jesse and Cesar would agree with that; why else would they leave hunting and become horse whisperers or whatever they were going to do.
—bigger. I love all of you because you are all Dean. Now… Behind that door are four more Deans, and I love them as well.”
“I want to stay.” Castiel sighed. “Are we friends, Dean?”
“I already tried civil disobedience,” Castiel interrupted. “Look how well that turned out. I am a…lesson to all of them. They won’t disobey.”
Castiel gave a half nod. “Gabriel is alive. He’s imprisoned in St. Paul, Minnesota and scheduled to be executed in less than three days.”
“My abilities to help you in this situation are limited, but I can offer you a temporary respite. Do you trust me?”
couldn’t possibly help in such lofty endeavors like trying to
Gabriel grinned. “Bilocation. If one of me bites the dust fighting alongside you, the other me will have already started repairing Heaven.” He looked sharply at Sam. “What?”
“Oh,” Gabriel said with a laugh, “that didn’t come out
“Yeah?” Tween Dean said. “You got your times tables memorized too?”
Cas used what little grace he had to look into Dean’s mind, certain it was important enough to defy Dean’s wishes. What he saw was a growing blackness, killing brain cells from the inside out. Dean had maybe a day before he would lose the ability to speak, to swallow, to breathe.
“Your love for him is a noose around his neck, Jonathan,” Castiel told him. “Would you have your bond with him cause his death?”
“Dean suggested we go next door to the diner. Have you eaten?”
“No, feather-brain. You’re missing my point.”
Dean swallowed the last bit of his last scotch. “They want me to update fans on what I’m working on, what research I’m doing, the plot of the next book, upcoming appearances. That sort of thing.”
“A couple of hours at least.”
“I am not quite sure. I thought he wanted me to stay, but now…”
By the time Dean lost count of how many times Cas climbed the stairs to the bunker’s front door, stepped outside just long enough to sniff the air, then returned wordlessly, Dean wanted an explanation.
Castiel’s mouth worked but no words came out. He felt something tear inside him, as if his grace had split in two, never to be whole again. This was Dean’s Heaven; he couldn’t stay uninvited. And he was welcome nowhere else.
“I know, Dean. But…he’s not going to care about the government or the president’s politics. They’re not
Dean grinned, looking pleased with the compliment.
“Nothing you didn’t want to happen,” Castiel retorted without thinking.
“And I bought a bunch of fresh fruit for tomorrow’s breakfast. I wasn’t sure what your favorites were, so I got some of each. Berries, melon, the standard apples, oranges, and bananas.”
“You want a—?” Castiel tried to make sense of that. Of course. Children thrive on human touch and interaction. “Yes, you can have a hug.”
Cas. I don’t want to have this conversation without him here. It’s his life we’re talking about.”
“It was shortly after the kiss. I think…I think maybe that other part, your father’s soldier, didn’t approve.”
“I can do better with crayons,” Dean said. “Do you know where my crayons are?”
He was not expecting what walked into his room, however. Gabriel looked worse than Sam felt. With large Enochian cuffs on his wrists, and his bedraggled wings pulled back at what looked like a painful angle and dragging on the floor, Gabriel’s appearance almost—
Sam slowly released his hold.
“It is also not unusual for those seeking forgiveness to moan or cry out in their eagerness,” Castiel noted as he stood.
“Cain, wait.” Castiel reached out to grab his arm. “Do not harm your brother.”
Dean nodded, still watching the trio of vehicles as they grew larger in the mirror. Just before the front car came under the overpass, the tires spun uselessly on what appeared to be a patch of ice. The back end slid around to the side and the SUV hit the Saint Paul police squad broadside, pushing it forward under the overpass. The squad in back, a state trooper, veered around the SUV, hit another patch of ice, and crashed into the side of the overpass, only a few feet behind the Impala. Dean saw the airbag inflate as the front end of the squad folded itself accordion-style under the windshield.
“So, you probably can’t look like someone else either?” Dean asked Gabe.
“Castiel, the angel of Thursday. Castiel James. CJ. But you can call me Cas.”
“Give the student a gold star! She sees me before I can duck into the back, calls up 1-800-GOT-ANGELS and next thing I know, I’m in an angel-proof jail and on the calendar to be drawn and quartered for good. I only got one trick up my sleeve this time.”
“When we get back… Can you fix it? Heaven?”
When Chuck lowered his hand, Castiel asked, “Should I feel differently? I don’t feel any change.”
“I just…” Dean rested his forehead against Castiel’s, breathing heavily. “I wish I hadn’t wasted so much time.”
“I felt disconnected from my vessel. I was worried that I was leaving it, even though I wasn’t trying to.”
He pulled one random volume off the shelf and opened it, squinting at the page to which it opened, and saw דּוֹדִי לִי וַאֲנִי לוֹ, הָרֹעֶה בַּשּׁוֹשַׁנִּים. He blinked a few times. Latin, he could do in a heartbeat now, and he’d even learned some Enochian. But Hebrew? No one used Hebrew anymore. They’d run across a few spells in Aramaic, Hebrew’s close cousin, but not Hebrew itself.
time with him.
“You’re welcome. Same rules as before, though, okay? You stay on your side.”
He’d almost suggested heading up to the mall in Grand Island, a good hour and a half away, but with adding lunch and journal-shopping in, it’d be four or five hours before they got back. And if Sam came up with something about Jack’s whereabouts, or if Cas had another flashback… Best to stick closer to home for now.
“No,” Alex said. “But the rules don’t really apply to do you, do they?”
, so that others would live and have the chance at happiness he never had. I see compassion and selflessness and so much love, Dean.
Sam followed with the others, trying not to meet all the open stares.
“Yes!” Cas said, not holding back his smile. “We met in a barn. I showed you my wings.”
“Cassie, back for more?” Gabriel opened the door. “Sam! Thought Castiel was back.”
“Either you can open it for me, or I can open it on my own,” Castiel said, not knowing for sure if that would work. But since the office door opened to his touch, perhaps all the Deans’ doors did too.
“All right. If you won’t go to the hospital, then let me call one of my coworkers. Her roommate’s a nurse. I don’t know what I’m doing here and I don’t want to make it worse.”
“No, Dean. They’re not genitals. But they are personal. Private. And we can sense things with them. I am not…fully connected to this vessel. I can turn off neural input—temperature extremes, pain, injuries—from it. But my wings are fully me. I can size them to fit this vessel, but I can’t turn off any input.”
“That’s never happened before. And never is a long time, kiddo.” Gabriel shrugged. “Anyway. We’ve got some more healing to do. I think I can take care of the pneumonia this time.” He raised his hands toward Sam’s face and waited.
“I retrieved Jimmy’s passport. It had expired, but I had enough grace to alter the dates. As for money, it is astonishing how many people leave their wallets unattended in the airport, even as the annoying voice keeps reminding them not to do so.”
, Dean,” Castiel said, having second thoughts about using the term
“Okay. When can you have it back to me?”
“Well, we can’t just bring in a shrink,” Dean said. “’Cause one, they’re probably gonna have zero experience treating an angel and B, if you start talking about Adam and Eve eating the apple, they’re gonna think there’s a lot more wrong with you.”
“Something. Before Mom comes back here looking for us.”
Castiel hummed. “And yet you did neither.”
“No, but that doesn’t mean anything. Maybe I was drunk. Or high. Or both. Or maybe I didn’t graduate and got my GED later.”
“Your state of residence does not define you. Your current lodging does not define you. No one else defines you. What I said earlier was not just in the throes of passion. Your soul is beautiful. You are beautiful. And as far as success… You changed my life, Dean. I am a different person because of you. I have a future I never could have imagined because of you. And who knows how many other lives you’ve changed. Successful? You’re successful beyond measure.”
“Have you heard any voices other than mine and Sam’s?” Castiel asked.
. How could I forget?”
. Chuck nodded once. “Run with it, Castiel.”
Castiel shoved the door to his bedroom open, and considered slamming it closed behind him until curiosity won. He exited again, closed the door softly, and followed his sense of Gabriel to another bedroom. Before he could knock, the door swung open.
“That question I was going to ask earlier?”
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, well… Your words. So, what does this deal entail? We gotta worry about it right away?”
“You have no children.”
“I don’t blame you, kid,” Gabriel said.
Dean immediately felt the unmistakable sensation of Cas’ hand around his cock, slowly stroking him, even though Cas’ physical hands were tucked up under his chin. The ghost hand then circled his hole while still stroking, and then somehow managed to add stroking his prostate from inside him simultaneously.
“Eh…true, but not correct. Last one.”
Cas leveled a glare at him that had him involuntarily cringing. “If I could have, would I have let you trap me?”
Despite every urge to stay, Cas rose from the bedside and stopped at the door, looking back one last time. One more time to remember those green eyes, the countless freckles, that brilliant smile, the lips he’d longed to kiss just once.
“Yeah, sure. I thought you were going to bed.”
“All of Dean’s books have the word ‘hunt’ in them,” Jess said. “So you need something with ‘hunt’ and also a reference to Raphael. Right?”
“Oh, I don’t know… I’ve seen him checking out girls like that too. I mean women. You know, not like young girls or anything.”
Dean took a swallow and nodded. “Glad to see we’re on the same page.”
Cas sat up, frowning at the mess on his stomach. “I’ll get us washcloths.” He stood and made his way into the bathroom, returning a few minutes later and handing one of two wet washcloths to Dean. Taking it, Dean smiled at the glorious warmth from the wet cloth before he wiped himself down. He followed Cas’ lead and threw the used cloth over to the whirlpool.
“Human beings are highly susceptible to tunnel vision.”
“I got it,” Gabriel said, taking the jug from him. “But I still say this is a bad idea.”
“Okay, that is quite possibly the most
After setting the laptop down on his side, Dean gestured to Cas. “This is not looking like Netflix and chill. This is looking more like seated before the firing squad.”
They’d never bothered much with laws anyway. But this time…
“Right. But… Uh…” Sam shot Castiel a helpless look.
“Well, a lot of the menfolk died in World War I. It was hard on the women, especially those with children. Women didn’t work then; there was no income. Many who had houses—” Izzy paused as a server brought two steaming cups and Sam’s wrap to the table, then thanked the server with a nod. She breathed in the scent from her chai tea and motioned Sam to eat.
As if a dam burst, Dean broke down in sobs, clinging to Castiel. “I just don’t want to hurt anymore.”
“And you were kind of shitty to him,” Sam added. “So I can understand why he didn’t want to be around you.”
Dean nodded, looking wary.
“You work out?” Dean asked, hoping that it wasn’t too intrusive. “Beyond nature walks?”
“I will be, yes. You look unwell.”
“You’re gonna get dead,” Dean said, moving forward slowly and pocketing his gun as he pulled out Ruby’s knife. He wanted to try and get between Cas and the demon, but Cas was taking little side steps, blocking his way.
“Yes. Anywhere you like, except for over the picture.”
“Just sayin’,” Gabriel said with a shrug. “But yeah, it takes a fair amount of power. I couldn’t do it now. Couldn’t have done it since I gave you guys that DVD. And it helps to see what I’m doing, be in the vicinity. What you’re describing? If he did it
He nearly collapsed trying to get into his room, then tore his jacket and shirts off in the bathroom. It was hard to see with all the blood, but he had a number of deep cuts and a large puncture wound near the lower point of his left shoulder blade. He showered as best as he could, trying to avoid getting water into the puncture wound, but it was still bleeding by the time he stumbled out, and he still was having problems breathing.
“I gotta stop; my eyes are glazing over.” Sam closed the lid on his laptop and pushed it toward the center of the motel’s small table.
“There’s a convenience store next door,” Gabriel said. “You get those there?”
“You know… If you’d spent less time playing games with us and more time helping us, we could have stopped Lucifer without…” Sam closed his eyes briefly. “Without everything that happened after.”
“I’m Cas. Castiel. Don’t you remember?”
Cas touched his finger to the blood trail. “After I left the university, I had…a memory? It was from your Middle Bronze Age.”
“Yeah, I think I understand.” Dean seemed to realize he was the only one eating the bacon and moved the plate closer to Sam, his eyebrows raised in question.
“Yeah? So you’re good?”
“Nah, don’t worry about it. Happens when they’re manifested in the physical plane. That one was actually bothering me, so getting it out of there feels better.”
. But one thing eludes me, Metatron. Why
Castiel nodded, then slowly stood and stretched. His muscles felt sore, not a sensation that was familiar.
Dean sighed. “I think we need to talk to Cas.”
“Don’t wanna talk about that time, Cas.”
Refreshingly, Gabe offered step-by-step instructions on how to remove some of the feathers around the wounds without damaging the roots, clean the surrounding skin and feathers, then where to angle the forceps to find the bullets. With his hands on Cas’ wing, Gabe found the second bullet embedded in a joint, and Dean was exceedingly careful removing it.
He led Dean to the four-year-old’s door and knocked, noting sounds of laughter coming from behind the door. When Tween Dean opened it, he had the four-year-old on his hip.
Slowly, he traced his hand down Cas’ jaw, feeling the stubble there, then across his shoulder, then reached for the soft underside he knew was just beyond Cas’ arm. He could feel the heat radiating off the wing, and burrowed his fingers in between the feathers, pressing and rubbing on the skin beneath.
Dean removed the last of the gauze and tossed it in the wastebasket. Then he started rolling up the ACE bandages. “How is it? Your wing? And, uh… your grace?”
“You will?” Castiel couldn’t help but feel hope curling in his chest, a lightness creeping in through the cracks in the dark. Dean didn’t want him to
just you,” Castiel said. “These were forces beyond your control.”
Dean paused, tape in midair. His instincts said to pay attention this time, and he pulled over to the side of the highway.
“It’s not about anything you did,” Castiel said, holding Dean’s gaze. “It’s about who you
“Nothing. I think I did it wrong.”
Dean glanced over. Cas seemed more relaxed, less terrified. The angel had faced monsters, demons, had his own experience of Hell that they’d never talked about, so whatever Naomi had done, whatever had spooked him, had to have been worse than any of those other things. Dean didn’t even want to think about what that might mean.
“Right.” Hester’s expression was somewhere between confused and irritated. “So, pick any chair you want, except the far left. That one’s mine. I’ll get the name cards set out, and the room monitor is coming with water bottles for everyone. The mics are already on, but we won’t start recording the panel until we actually start.”
Dean’s fingers found their way to Castiel’s shirt, where they paused. “Can we…? Can I take this off?” Dean asked.
in common with you.”
“Well, that’s uplifting,” Dean said.
“You are concerned about what will happen to your soul if Heaven dies,” Castiel finished, remembering what Sam had said.
“Novak isn’t my family’s name. I was bored one day and looked up my genealogy. I found some distant cousins on my father’s side, Russian-Czechoslovakian Jews who were forced into hiding as Christians and took on the surname Novak, which means ‘newcomer’ or ‘stranger.’ It seemed quite fitting, and I’m certain neither my mother nor my brother would ever figure it out. For one thing, they refuse to believe we have Jewish roots.”
Sam grimaced and tucked the phone back in his pocket. He paid for the gas at the pump, maneuvered the SUV onto Highway 183, and headed north.
this is. Any of them. All of them. But you’ve got this too. You’re good for them. It’s why I keep sending you back. Except last time. Jack actually beat me to the punch on that one.”
“I think this may be one of those checkpoints Sam warned us about,” Castiel said, breaking his silence.
Gracing him with a smile that looked like the sun emerging from the clouds, Cas said, “In that case, I feel even better about this.”
“Great,” Dean called back. “Why don’t you three figure out how we’re going to defeat Michael? And for that matter, how we’re gonna get back to that giant ashtray of a universe?” He turned right on a county highway that looked like it would get them closer to the interstate.
Cas’ gaze immediately rose to meet his. “You imagine me? In your future? Your retirement?”
“Okay,” Mary said, shaking her head. “But not now. I do have something important to tell you. All of you.”
“Uh…” Sam stared unfocused over Cas’ shoulder at the parking lot. “You know, I think I’ll just get something to go. Eat here in the room.”
of work undercover, if you know what I mean.”
call it that. And you don’t have to know what to do. Just go with what feels good.” Dean raised both hands to run his fingers over the arches of Castiel’s wings, then lowered them to his trench coat. “Can I take this off? I don’t know how this works with your wings.”
“Yeah. More or less.”
Sam listened to Dean stomping toward the garage and hoped he’d done the right thing.
don’t have three hours. Between the cuffs and the implant and everything else you’ve had me doing, I’m running a little low myself.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“I’m trying to understand that, Cas. I really am. I get the whole soul/no-soul thing. Body, soul. Two different things. And I think I understand about angels borrowing vessels. Like with Gadreel. We occupied the same body but we were separate. I wasn’t even aware of him most of the time.” He paused and then looked at Cas with trepidation. “Cas,” he said urgently, “do you think all the different Deans are aware of each other?”
“No, not from tonight. I am…healed from that. But my grace is still in a weakened state. Cleaning my vessel—my body—will, I think, require the manual method.”
“That’s very considerate, Dean.” Castiel sat carefully on the left side, hyperaware of the space between them. He wanted less space. No, that wasn’t true. He wanted
Dean was still going through his preflight checklist as they walked toward the Impala in the back parking lot, behind the motel. A road-weary family with three young kids bundled in bright-colored parkas were coming the other way, presumably from the SUV towing a trailer of snowmobiles that was parked ten feet from Baby. Although he wasn’t fond of the cold, Dean allowed himself a moment to imagine racing across snowdrifts on one of those machines, the roar of the engine beneath his legs. In his mind’s eye, he could see himself laughing, looking briefly over his shoulder as Cas tried to catch up, the angel’s wings catching the wind and launching his snowmobile into the air every time it crested a drift.
am not. And in any event, it doesn’t matter. My father placed no gender restrictions on love.”
“Gabe…I’m…I’m sorry, okay?” Dean tried to get his breathing under control. “There’s got to be something you can do. Even just check on him. Please?” He pointed his chin at the dashboard. “And there’s a mesh collar thing there that Cas made for you. To interfere with the GPS in your chip. Can you reach it?”
“We haven’t talked, really, about when I was gone,” Castiel said, trying for a conversational tone. It was possible that this was one of those discussions that should happen over a meal, but everything he knew about Dean said that he’d open up more if he was busy doing something and could look at other things. If he had the safety of a distraction. An out.
The waves of pleasure didn’t let up, and if anything, every time Dean moved to another spot, they seemed to intensify, layer upon layer. He couldn’t tell if the involuntary shaking was putting more stress on his muscles or relaxing them further. It was all just pure sensation and lightning bolts of bliss skittering along his nerves. Some of them gathered in his vessel’s groin, building pressure and heat, and Castiel remembered, in the locked box of his unwanted memories as a human, that this sensation would lead to something he was utterly certain would either disgust or frighten Dean.
“What did you do?” Lot gasped.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, well, I got a push in the right direction. And, I mean, I’ve got no right to say what you can and can’t do with your wings.”
“No hospital. Cas.”
“How do you know what I was thinking?”
“But…what Michael showed me… It wasn’t about being more. It was about being…whole.”
“Yeah, Cas. I know.” Sam set his coffee down and shook his head slightly. “It’s not your fault. Yeah, I wish you’d said something sooner, but we all had responsibility for Jack. It’s not on your shoulders, man. And it’s still not a good time. Not for Dean.”
They drove for just over three hours with little conversation. Dean asked if Cas minded music and received little more than a tiny shrug in response. Unsure if he’d said or done something to piss the angel off—again—he started to ask what was wrong and then reconsidered. He was not interested in having a talk about anyone’s feelings, hurt or otherwise. If Cas was peeved, he’d have to speak up.
get tired of telling that story.”
“Not at all.” Castiel could only imagine what Dean saw. “I’m just not used to anyone seeing them.”
“A witch, we think. Rowena can’t help. I don’t know…I mean, can you…?” Sam knew it was a long shot.
“That wasn’t quite true. I don’t… I don’t feel about you like I do about Sam.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Not like we haven’t been up against big odds before.”
“Okay. Well…” Dean shrugged. “Wait… What did you mean helping all of me?”
“It’s more than that,” Castiel said. “He referenced the First Blade. And he said he had a line, was going to ‘give them their due.’”
“You’re not going to like it,” Gabriel warned.
“With the cuffs off his wings, I wanted to help Gabe clean them. He can’t reach, and those wounds needed to be cleaned in order to heal.”
. Tristan and Ross travel to Ames, Iowa when a heart transplant recipient goes nuts and starts killing people, removing and eating their hearts.”
“Dean, look at me.”
“Dean,” Cas said softly. “I think I can help. Can you find all the other pieces while Sam and I clean up the room?”
“Hi, uh, Mr. Winchester?” A young woman with long blond hair and a nervous smile could barely look at him as she clutched the first book in his series to her chest. “I’d love to get your autograph.”
“Correct,” Michael answered.
David bowed his head. “You have blessed me, my lord. I will do as you say.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “You, Dean. I found you.”
“Yeah?
would have given it to you to cast the angels out!” Castiel spat.
“Yes, I think that would work well,” Cas said.
“Yeah, Cas. What’s up?”
Sam swallowed several times, trying to dislodge a sudden lump in his throat. “Okay.”
“He was quite rude,” Castiel added. “He called me ‘halo.’ Not only was it rude, it’s completely inaccurate.”
“And you think Jody can help how?”
Mary got up, and while Castiel couldn’t quite read her emotions, she nodded and gave Dean a hug. “Please don’t shut me out, okay? I’ve missed out on too much. I don’t want to miss any more.”
“All the time. Gabe, we
The scotch was good. All of it. Dean listened as Charlie and Cas talked about their respective trips to London—Charlie went on a pilgrimage to all the British band sites; Cas was sent there for a semester of boarding school—and debated the merits of British versus American beers.
“’Kay.”
Cas reached his hand out and covered Sam’s forearm. Within moments, the cut faded and disappeared entirely. “I would prefer you not continue to harm yourself like this.”
“Yeah?”
consciousness.
“And Jack?” Castiel asked. “How can this help Jack? Chuck said there’d be something in this that would help me help Jack.”
“What if I get Gabe to promise not to turn you into an actual moose or anything?”
Castiel opened his mouth to object and Gabriel took advantage of the motion to position the straw.
gets repeated. Maybe I shouldn’t,” Dean said with a smirk, “but I trust you.”
“Several hundred in the United States, I would estimate,” Castiel said. “But I don’t have precise locations. I can’t do that without giving myself away.”
“I’m not upset, Dean. And you didn’t cross a line. You didn’t do anything I didn’t want you to do.”
“Very long. We need to talk, Dean.”
He tilted forward and slashed at her with the top point, pivoting to avoid her blade. Although the star offered some protection, it was large and unwieldy. Castiel itched to have it in his hand, more
More than halfway across the bridge, he saw the checkpoint. They’d set it up on the bridge itself, close to the entrance from Brownville. Any traffic would be stopped in both directions. With Baby running in the dark, the moon not due to rise for several more hours and no lights on the bridge itself, and Gabe muting Baby’s growl, Dean figured they could be almost on top of the checkpoint before anyone realized they were there.
“I’m glad to hear that, Dean.”
“No one said you had to.”
“Probably, yeah,” Gabriel said. “If he’s my counterpart, I wanna get a good look at him.”
can’t see it?”
Dean fished in his pocket and pulled out the souvenir spoon. “Might as well get silver out of the way. Can you take one of those bottles—” He stopped as Castiel pulled a bottle free from the case under the cart, twisted the top off, and stuck his finger inside, infusing the water with a tiny bit of his grace. “That works. Let’s go find out why he’s on our tail.”
“Sorry! Did I hurt you? I didn’t mean—”
…grace?”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel said. “Why is there a council on angels?”
. I’m Castiel. I own it.”
Cas’ hands were at his hips, then rose, one resting over the old handprint scar, the other reaching around his shoulder to entwine in his hair, fingertips lightly scratching his scalp. Dean felt a distinct warmth along his sides and against his arms, almost a feeling of light pressure, and he broke the kiss for a moment to glance to either side, seeing nothing that would account for the sensation. Cas took that opportunity to latch on at his throat, nuzzling and licking, and as Dean felt teeth graze over his neck, the warm pressure against his arms increased.
“The witch? Sure.
“We make the rules here,” a man shouted. “We have the money, the power, and the right. So bring them out. We’ll show them some hospitality.”
Taking his instruction from what he remembered of his time earlier with Dean, he lined himself up and pushed slowly in. Dean wriggled more and grunted in frustration, and Castiel thrust in until he bottomed out, the tightness and warmth nearly overwhelming and almost causing him to climax.
“Thanks, Oprah,” Hunter Dean snarked.
Jack wiped his face. “If I really
“My thoughts are certainly worth more than a penny,” Castiel responded.
“Your concern is appreciated, but I will be fine. Shall we check the other room?” Cas swung his legs over the side of the bed and peered over the edge for his shoes. Finding them, he began to put them on.
“He knows what I’m feeling,” Jack said. “That I feel bad. That I think I’d be better off dead.”
“My sons. And sons-in-law.”
While Sam put the bulletin board back together and situated it back on the desk, Cas helped Dean arrange the pieces like a puzzle on top of the bed until the picture was complete.
“But Lucifer…”
“Do you want these off or not?”
“Still not the most subtle tool in the shed, are you? No, not defiance. Free will.”
“We’ll talk about your name some other time, Cassie. Dean hasn’t heard this.” He looked intently at Dean. “So, lover boy, you know the origin of the name Gabriel?”
“Five.”
Cas tilted his head while looking like he was trying hard to understand. “You’re talking about a sort of communal messaging center?”
“What did you want to talk about?”
“Cool.” Sam raised his hand. “This set will be slower and smaller. Just keep repeating that affirmation to yourself as you follow my hand, okay?”
Laughing, Husband Dean nodded. “I’ve thought about maybe checking out a gun range. I don’t know why; it just appeals to me. See how well I can hit a target. Maybe work out some stress.”
Sam chuckled to himself as he finished dressing his salad and took it over to the table. Within minutes the other two had joined him and conversation flowed easily, though they all seemed to abide by an unspoken agreement to avoid talking about politics, laws, or angels aside from present company.
Dean watched as Cas jotted down notes about his contract, about what to ask regarding the right to first refusal clause. “Some of the members of this organization are attorneys who specialize in publishing,” Cas said. “Would you be amenable to my asking them about this? I’ll keep your name out of it, of course.”
“Well, bring it back,” Dean said. “We can go home.”
“Cas…” Sam’s voice sounded almost strangled.
“Dean?”
.” Sam took far too long thinking about something, then met Castiel’s gaze. “Before we begin, take a nice, long, easy breath in through your nose. Hold for a few seconds. Then exhale slowly through your mouth, making it audible.”
“No, thankfully. The only place I have your contact information is on my phone, which is protected by my fingerprint. I don’t even back that up to a cloud. It’s secure. And your number in Skype says you’re my editor. I didn’t want to take any chances with a virus or hacker.”
Cas raised an eyebrow at that, but removed his shoes and coats and climbed onto the bed, keeping a good eighteen inches between them.
“No, nothing like that,” Barb said. “My ex took anything of value when he left, then sold it all for drugs. He’s supposed to be paying child support, but…” She cleared her throat and looked away. “Most of what we have here is from garage sales, clearances at work. Some from charity.”
“I remember getting Sammy killed,” Dean answered.
“When’s the court martial date again?”
He set about brushing his teeth, relieving himself, and changing clothes in the bathroom, grateful that Sam wasn’t there to ask any questions that would make this any weirder. When he returned to his bedroom, Cas had taken off his trench coat, suit coat, tie, and belt, looking practically naked in just a dress shirt and slacks.
“Dean…”
“Michael would not say things like that,” Cas said, sounding shaken. “He is our father’s fiercest warrior. Destined to fight Lucifer to the death.”
“We have an idea, Dean.” Castiel told him about the bulletin board, which Sam was assembling, propped up on the back of Dean’s desk. The whole desk had become something of an art station, with pencils, pens, paper, and a container holding little pins with colored balls on one end.
“Okay. Yeah. I get it. But Jack’s gone. He thinks he’s evil. Gabriel took off somewhere and said he wants to stay. Dean’s mad at everyone. And I don’t know what to say or do to bring everyone back together.”
There was a hollow, rushing noise, and Castiel saw the scenery change again. Rolling hills dotted with thick, twisted oak trees and tall, golden grasses surrounded him.
have faith, don’t you?” he said softly to no one. It was just buried in a four-year-old child who hadn’t yet experienced death and abandonment and too many losses to bear. “I’m glad to see you too,” he added in a normal voice.
He parked the Impala and sat for a moment in the silence, thinking for a half-second about tapping Cas’ finger with his own, then looked over and raised his eyebrows. “You want to shower? Or…?”
he killed me, and I decided to keep it that way. Took me weeks of practice to get the charred wings to come out right. Two: I was
“Penny for your thoughts,” Dean said.
“He’s not my—” Dean glanced down at the seat. “Your tie, Cas? What’s symbolic about your tie?”
“That can be arranged, yes. But first we talk to Jack.” And then Cas was off again as Dean scrambled to catch up, trying to understand what the hell had just happened.
Because this fic is an alternate universe, where the only supernatural is fictional, and because it lent itself so well to my purposes, I intentionally wrote Castiel as Cas with a bit of Misha thrown in. Dean also has a bit of Jensen thrown in. Considering that it’s my belief that no actor can play a part without a little bit of their own interpretation showing through—that it’s that very spark which gives a character depth beyond the script—I could argue that Cas would be fundamentally changed on some level were he to be played by anyone other than Misha. The same goes for Dean and Jensen.
“Interesting,” Cas said with a raised eyebrow. “I was originally joking, but now I might need to add some future exploration. Not today though.” Cas continued to massage down Dean’s stomach and abs, then the tops of his thighs. “Today is about relaxing you, not stretching your boundaries.”
Cas managed to disengage himself from her hand and suggested, “Let’s finish going around the table first.”
“You could definitely experience something on par with that, little bro.”
“Unless what?”
They found Sam in the library, having just placed three steaming mugs of hot cocoa out on one of the tables. His laptop occupied a fourth spot, the lid mostly closed.
“Ha ha,” Sam replied, clearly with no appreciation for his brother’s early-morning humor. “Bacon’s almost done. I cracked eggs in that bowl,” he waved his hand toward a counter, “but I’m not sure how you’d like them. I was thinking maybe scrambled this morning?”
“Sam. I think we need to consider the possibility that Rowena’s spell may have temporarily altered Dean’s personality. I don’t know how, but the only humans who have the ability to see an angel’s wings are very young children.”
“So you’re gonna bail again.” Dean said.
. And, yeah, that would be just like Cas to not say that, to spare Dean’s feelings. And to feel hurt that he was going to have to hurt Dean eventually.
Dean had just pulled the fries from the oven and put the freshly-cooked burgers in to stay warm when there was a knock on the door. He checked the peephole just in case, only to be rewarded by Cas on the other side.
“When I asked you to stay,” Sam began, “I didn’t mean for a day or two. I was kind of thinking longer term. At least until these laws are overturned. And I don’t think we can do that without your help.”
“I wanna play a game!”
“You better not be telling me he doesn’t have three hours,” Dean warned.
“He went
“Please what?”
“Mia, quit screaming like a howler monkey, would you?” the woman said, yanking on the girl’s arm. “The whole town can hear you and it’s unbecoming. Act like a lady or I’ll really give you something to cry about.”
“Okay.” Dean refilled his coffee, took a sip, and settled at the table. “Shoot.”
“Well, I had a thought. You might not like it though.”
“And it’s not Jack’s fault either. If you want to blame someone, blame Michael.”
“He’s a survivor. He’ll come out on top no matter what he does. And he wouldn’t be where he is if he wasn’t an expert at reading the writing on the wall.”
“Then again, if I hadn’t done that, I wouldn’t have met you. So, silver lining, right?”
going to need medical intervention. Otherwise, Kaye said you could get fluid buildup and die. You do get how serious this is, yes?”
“You’re the only person that I care knows there’s more to me than the Trickster.”
Dean snorted. “Two words that don’t exist in a hunter’s vocabulary. Sam can get out, have the life he deserves. Me?” Dean pulled into the extremely large parking lot attached to the relatively small grocery store and cut the engine. “I think it’s too late for me. Tried it with Lisa. Didn’t work. I don’t think the apple pie life is in the cards for me, Cas.”
“You did.”
“Maybe it was Salmon Dean,” Dean joked.
“You needed a parent,” Castiel said.
. “Okay. I choose that one.”
Cas sighed and sat back. “What?”
“You just need shirts, right? Maybe a jacket?” Dean asked.
“That was really him?”
“What the—” Sam broke off as their meals arrived. He dropped his voice to just above a whisper. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Dean, look at me.”
Castiel nodded. “I suppose when you put it that way, then yes. You and I would be brothers in that sense as well, along with every swarming thing in the waters and every crawling thing upon land.”
“The Witching Hour,” she murmured drowsily, but stood on shaky legs and stumbled to the percolator, somehow managing to turn it on, and fumbled with the coffee can. “ 'M gonna stay up,” she said stubbornly. “I wan' make sure Castiel is okay.”
For a moment, Dean's eyes stung, but he forced the lump in his throat down and away, gritting out, “When did you want to leave?”
“Hello, Sammy.”
“You know,” the demon drawled, idly playing with his knife, “you're not much help when it comes to locating one random little featherbrain. Kind of makes me wonder why I've kept you around this long.”
Amox's reply sent unexplained chills down Aira's spine. “I pray by then it is not too late.”
The angel looked directly into Dean's eyes.
The earthenware pot glowed a pure silver, and tendrils of white and gold snaked upwards toward the ceiling. Reaching painfully beside him, Castiel uncorked a small bottle and captured both inside the glass, corking it swiftly in order that not one piece of the essence would escape again and render the entire ritual useless.
Yet Magdalena was not finished. “I do not believe he knows you are alive. If he was aware of this fact, he would have searched for you. You were his soul.”
“Are you?” Aira said calmly. “When have I known you to be so callous about the fate of a mortal, brother?” Aira turned the wipers on high as the steady rain became a downpour, slowing down to a lower rate of speed. “If Camael could have witnessed your actions today, I doubt she would have been pleased.”
The other man stared at him, and Castiel could see the gears in his brain clicking. Finally, Dean asked, “What did you do?”
, his mother had said, and for the first time in his life, Dean truly believed it.
,he thought frantically.
Castiel held his gaze. “Then we perish together.”
“This is hardly the time to space out,” Castiel snapped at him, so fiercely that Sam paused, blinking in surprise. “Your brother may be in great danger, I am trying to assist you, and you are in your own personal head space while making yourself supper?”
Finally finding his voice, Sam spoke up. “What did she say to you?”
Dean spun at the inclusion of the word “we”, the First Blade held tightly in his grip. A taller man with close-cropped brown hair, chiseled features, and steely ice-blue eyes leaned casually against a nearby table, his arms folded loosely. Dean peered closely at him, murky images straining to surface in his mind. “Do I know you?” he asked sharply.
Asmodeus smiled slowly. “Oh, certainly not. I have a far greater price in mind.”
“Well, considering I was the plaything of one, and my chief complaint was that I was living another life, it's pretty obvious a djinn is causing this and, oh yeah, we might want to
Dean's jaw tightened. “Sounds an awful lot like you're giving me orders. And I don't personally care for winged dicks giving me orders.”
“Why don't you come out and show your ugly face?” Sam snapped. “I want to watch the light leave your eyes.”
Soft footsteps to his left made him turn abruptly, and he raised the Blade. A tall figure stood bathed half in shadow, a familiar blade in its hand. Dean smiled unkindly, his senses and nerves on edge again, the bloodlust rising once more. “Haven't you been warned not to go off by yourself? Me and angels aren't on friendly terms right now.”
For long moments, Aira remained quiet. “You do not remember?” he said at last, and Amox met his gaze, his eyes searching. “What should I remember, Aira?”
The air in the room suddenly grew very cold, like an ice chest, and Charlie's heartbeat accelerated tenfold. She wasn't a fool; she'd been around the Winchester brothers long enough to know what that signal meant: a ghost, and usually in their case, not a friendly one.
, he thought.
He resumed his pacing, unable to stop his frantic thoughts. At last, knowing it would do no good and left with a heavy headache, he sighed and made his way into the kitchen, browsing through the cupboards and refrigerator until he found ingredients for a Mongolian stir fry. Soon, the smell of browning meat and sizzling vegetables filled the air, and when his phone rang, it startled him so much he burned his hand on the frying pan. Cursing, he hurriedly grabbed for the thing before it hit voicemail.
“And if she does not?”
“If you taunt me again, Crowley, I'll make sure that before I walk into that hotel, I leave you choking on your own intestines. Now stay in the goddamn car and don't move.”
Love. True love, such as the man had been longing for all his life and had never really received. It was directed at the angel, and Castiel knew he must tread carefully.
For a moment, the men hesitated, and then the blond said with a sigh, “My name's Dean Winchester. Aira told me to drive here. He said one of you would help him.” John swallowed, but then said tightly, “We have little to offer him in the way of medicine.”
But Sam was already there, hauling Dean up in his chains. “What do you mean, he died for nothing?” he spat. “Tell me!” he shouted. “Is Castiel dead?”
Halloween was never Sam's favorite holiday, but everything just got far more complicated.
Dean's eyes were cold and calculating as a slim brow rose. “Oh, did he now?”
Crowley paused with the tip of his blade resting against Castiel's throat, seemingly irritated. “How so, Moose? Would you prefer to give me suggestions on how better to kill him?” “No,” Sam snapped. “I'm talking about your humanity.” Crowley's eyes narrowed, and the demons around him shifted uneasily. “I have no humanity, you stupid bugger.”
Sam frowned. “And showing me your wings is accomplishing that how?” Castiel stepped closer, his wings shifting with him effortlessly—although, Sam noticed, the angel seemed to be a bit breathless when he spoke, as though he were in pain. “What do you see?”
The implication was clear, and Camael's eyes grew wide. “You intend for me to meet him again?” she said incredulously. “I cannot--” She swallowed hard. “There is too much at stake.”
Dean's grip on the angel's blade loosened slightly, and he said, voice tight and strangled, “What the fuck does the Mark of Cain have to do with you?”
“Show me,” Castiel demanded.
“There will be no more deaths today,” he said fiercely, and touched his fingers to Sam's forehead.
Crowley paused, his eyes flicking to Sam. His voice was low. “You really don't want to know, Moose. Trust me on that.”
The vehemence and venom in Castiel's voice was something Sam had only ever heard him use for speaking to demons and, occasionally, his own kind when they were attempting to hurt Dean or himself. But now...this was something else entirely. This anger that he could literally feel crackling through the phone lines was meant for him and him alone, and it brought Sam onto the defensive immediately. Didn't Castiel know he was just as worried about Dean as the angel was?
His brother spun around with a snarl. “
Magdalena seemed hurt at first, but then her expression turned into one of cold anger. She stepped forward, her gaze boring directly into Dean's soul as much as her words did. “You are a coward, Dean Winchester. You serve only your own interests, and in the end they will come back to desecrate you.”
“Well, he was...really tall,” she said hesitantly, “and he had these strange tattoos all over him. I thought they were cool when I first saw him, but after he attacked me, they were just plain creepy.”
Sam spun around and instantly took a punch to the face, which sent him flying onto his backside, blood pooling in his mouth and ears ringing. Through a haze of pain, he saw Dean backhand Castiel, who stumbled but did not fall. The demon took the angel by the throat and began to throttle him viciously as Charlie watched in terror, knowing she would be next.
With a steady grip, Castiel drew his blade.
“So where are we going, James Bond?”
“Why you think I would allow you to fall back into the Abyss I drew you from so many years ago, I cannot fathom. You are a part of me as I am a part of you, and this occurred long before I performed the ritual to save you.”
An animistic growl rumbled from deep within Michael's throat, and immediately, without looking, Castiel spoke.
At that, Sam's head snapped up, fear and fury in his eyes. He knew the name of the demon well, and it sent adrenaline coursing through his veins. “Asmodeus?” he bit out. “Dean made a deal with that prick?”
“I believe you're doing the best you can in shitty circumstances,” he eventually settled on. “You've always tried to see the best in others and do what you thought was right. If that means you're a sinner, Castiel, then maybe Heaven and Hell aren't so different from each other.” Sam turned away from the sink at last, meeting the angel's weary, saddened gaze as he voiced a thought he'd been keeping for a long time. “Either that, or not all angels and demons are what their forms make them out to be.”
She trailed a hand along the wooden planks of the railing, worn smooth by the years and by weather. “It was last year, shortly after the skies opened and reports of so-called meteors falling began to cross the airwaves. I found him behind this house in a tangled mess of broken branches and leaves, and upon my approach he barely noticed me. When I knelt by his side, he was severely wounded, and only then did I see the charred set of wings spread out below his form.” She paused. “I took him into my home and nursed him back to health. When he was alert enough, I coaxed him into revealing the true nature of what he was to me. He shared that he was hunted for being in possession of a certain necklace. We have vowed to defend each other ever since—I from his evil brothers, and he from anything that would trouble me.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.” Sam held up his hands. “Are you telling me that Charlie has some sort of role to play in making Dean human again?”
“So you're the one,” she mused. “The little fledgling that didn't fall.”
Amox's eyes flashed in anger, and he bit out, “I will not become a weapon in another war!”
“Sam--”
“You can't blame yourself, Cas. If it wasn't you, it would have been me, and I'd be dead.” Sam drained the last of his beer and placed it on a nearby empty table. “Come on.”
“Do not think you will survive this.”
The female laughed, the sound like sweetened poison. “Oh, he's already involved, honey; didn't you hear? Little miss Abbadon bit the dust earlier this afternoon thanks to him.”
Sam blinked. “I don't think it's 'chosen' her, Cas. She just happened to be the demon's victim and brought there. The ghost would have shown itself to anybody, I'm sure.”
“Sam.” Crowley's voice was final. “I said go.”
Dean's breath hitched, and his thumbs settled on Castiel's hips, even as the angel felt the evidence of his arousal growing. “You mean you want to--”
Reluctantly, Castiel followed Sam out the door, leaving Charlie to her own devices.
Sam watched as Castiel carefully and deliberately shed his ruined trench coat, dress shirt, and tie, leaving him bare-chested. Confused, he said, “What are you doing?”
Aira inclined his head with a somewhat wry chuckle. “That I agree with you wholeheartedly about,” he said, and then sighed. “I have no reason to lie to you, Dean. I am the last of my brethren that still retains my Grace, and as such I will be hunted by both sides. Demons, as you have aptly pointed out and have seen for yourself, will want to 'hand my ass to me', and Metatron, as we are both aware, has no love for anyone but himself.”
“You're not queen yet. And you won't be as soon as I stick my-”
Weak coughing to his right made Sam do a sort of crab-like scuttle to look, and immediately he scrambled over to the angel, who was half-curled on his hands and knees by the refrigerator, blood staining his lips and chin as he fought not to retch. With a start, Sam realized the angel's wings were visible again, and his stomach heaved as he tried to keep from vomiting himself. Almost all of the feathers were gone, leaving nothing but raw, exposed muscle and bone, and the little Castiel had left were drifting to the floor as Sam watched.
Aira was about to ask Amox what in the name of all that was good was going on when his gaze was drawn to the pendant at Amox's neck. He could feel the raw power surging through it even from where he stood, and suddenly, he realized exactly what was happening.
At that, Amox forced himself to his feet, despite the overwhelming nausea that swept over him at the abrupt movement. “Dean Winchester?” he repeated through gritted teeth, every muscle in his body straining against the urge to
Letting the redhead drag him inside the club, Sam pretended to shrug off his worries, but his years of training refused to take a back seat. Eyes roaming the dance floor and seats, he was relieved to see that nothing otherworldly was visibly present. Still, he couldn't shake the nagging feeling that something was there that shouldn't be.
“I know,” he murmured, “and I am truly sorry. But Dean is too far gone for the Ritual of Purified Blood to work.” For just a moment, Castiel's eyes showed great grief. “He must die.”
he thought frantically, searching as best he could for Crowley without sending himself straight down a hole nearly ten times his size. But there was no sign of the half-demon, and Sam regrettably resigned himself to the fact that Crowley had been killed.
Sam's jaw twitched. “Yeah, I did.” Amox glanced at Castiel, who now sat with his head bowed over Dean's chest.
Crowley's eyes were weighty. “He isn't exactly an angel anymore, is he, Moose?”
“Mahākāla won't just kill you, Castiel.” Sam's voice was very quiet. “He'll destroy your flesh, but then he'll take his time eating your soul in the afterlife. I don't know much about him, but I do know that most of the Hindu gods don't play nice. Knowing you were once an angel is probably going to make you his prime appetizer for eternity. Please,
Michael's fingers were digging into Castiel's shoulders painfully in a desperate attempt to throw him off, and Castiel could feel Michael's grace fighting to burn him to a crisp.
She seemed wary, but followed him back to the car, where she slid into the backseat, taking the emergency blanket Amox gave her and wrapping herself tightly in it. She stared at the back of the driver's seat pointedly, but when Aira made no comment, she settled back and closed her eyes.
But no, that was a lie, he thought, his coal colored eyes staring into the distance. He knew exactly what had kept him from smearing Castiel's blood and feathers all over that library like a skinned chicken. He was still too human at that point, so he'd chosen to walk away. That was an error he wasn't going to repeat. Castiel had meant something to him, once—Dean wasn't
Charlie squirmed under the scutiny and plain question. “Of course I do.” She paused. “Even though he went insane and tried to kill me.” There was a hint of bitterness in her tone, and as Castiel continued to look at her, she sighed.
Fearfully, she placed her hand over his mouth as the sound of footsteps were heard on the front porch. “Do not speak,” she begged in a whisper. “Even now they come.”
He stood as well, his eyes now bearing a weight that made Magdalena shiver slightly. “Your path is not yet full-trod, child. I fear the most difficult part is still to come.”
“What are you doing here, Crowley?”
“The demons might be planning something huge. We have to know. I'm going, Cas,” Sam said firmly.
The low voice was John's, and Dean turned. He stood in the doorway, the sleeves of his black shirt rolled up to the elbows, looking weary and sad. “Long ago I determined that my gift was a curse instead of a blessing,” he said heavily. “The day I came to that conclusion, I forfeited to myself my right to use it. I have not done so since.” “Why did you decide it was a curse?” Dean asked, and John's eyes grew shuttered. “That is something I also forfeited the right to speak of.”
“Castiel?” The voice emanating from the doorway was Sam's, and the other man met his gaze. Sam caught his breath at the absolute calm he saw there, taking a small step back. “I, uh...” He floundered for a moment.
Dean tried to laugh, but it caught in his throat. “Anything else?”
Crowley's lips curled up in an ugly sneer, and he leaned into Sam's personal space. “I watched him nearly beat a man to death in Nebraska,” he said simply. “I've seen firsthand the change the Mark has wrought in him. Don't let yourself believe for an instant that he will feel remorse for anything he's done thus far, Moose. He wants only to feed the bloodlust inside of him that claws its way through his veins. He won't recognize you or Castiel as comrades and allies. To him, you are enemies in his path. And I'm sure you can figure out for yourself what the outcome of that will be.”
“So you will aid me, then?” he asked, and the god stared at him without blinking.
Magdalena drove fast, often ignoring the speed limit at times, and thanked her guardian angel over and over that she was never stopped by the state police. She could not have said where she was going were she asked to verbalize it, but she knew in her heart that she was headed in the right direction, and continued to follow that still, small voice of guidance.
The man shook off the sense of foreboding that descended upon him, and said simply, “Maybe,” before turning and heading down the porch steps with Crowley towards the Impala, the demon leading.
The angel leaned into the man's touch, eyes locked onto Dean's. “I will be here for as long as it takes.”
Dean motioned for Castiel to sit on the bed, and the angel did so, unsure of where this was going. For a long moment Dean didn't speak, and then he said quietly, “I'm sorry, Cas.”
Aira's words were firm. “In a matter as weighty as this one, you cannot afford to let your mind be occupied with thoughts of his safety constantly. You must focus on the task at hand.”
Sam's throat went dry at the sentence. For reasons he couldn't explain, it sent chills down his spine. “That sounds like a prophecy to me.”
He raised his hands in a placating manner. “I won't hurt you. My friend and I seek a motel for the night. When dawn comes you are free to leave. I am only disturbed for your welfare.”
“I understand,” he said quietly. The heaviness in his voice let Sam know that Castiel, too, was concerned for Dean's safety and frame of mind, perhaps in ways deeper than Sam would ever truly grasp. The two shared a bond that, for all the jokes Sam constantly made about it, he knew was strong and, it seemed, unbreakable. The angel had to be wrestling with his own ideas of how to handle Dean and his slow slide into the darkness of the Mark. For a few moments, the two simply stood there sharing coffee, and Sam wondered if Castiel was conscious of the fact that he was gently kneading tension from his friend's nape. Either way, it soothed him and gave him a much-needed measure of comfort.
Dean's expression was murderous. “When I get out of this,” he whispered, staring at Sam, “you will die. Both of you, in very creative ways.”
