Then, they're in Dean's bed, and Dean presses a kiss to Cas' lips and whispers, "Good night," and Cas smiles that soft smile of his again, and then Dean is asleep.
There are voices coming from inside, then, after a few moments, the door opens to reveal a man with dark tousled hair and a yellow flannel. He squints, tilts his head. "You must be Liv."
It's been raining for days now, and Dean would be less annoyed by it if he hadn't just had to dig up a grave in the pouring rain and salt-and-burn it with twice as much lighter fluid as usual to keep the water from extinguishing the flames. He'd be less annoyed by it if he weren't still soaked to the bone, the dry clothes he changed into only helping so much to stop him from feeling like his body is filled to the brim with longing, like he is drowning in it. He'd be less annoyed if there wasn't a voice in his head screaming about -
His phone vibrates and a quick glance at the screen tells him it's a text from Sam, announcing that he and Eileen are back at the bunker after a hunt and that they picked up Jack at Jody's on their way home. He returns his eyes to the road.
Either way, she can't spend too much time freaking out about it because Dean is calling everyone to the table, proclaiming that his stew is ready and that they better sit down now or else there's no food tonight.
Dean and Cas disappear into what Liv assumes is the kitchen while she takes off her shoes and follows Claire upstairs. There are more houseplants, and more piles of books, and hunters gear scattered around everywhere - a gun on a side table, old-looking books with runes on them, something that looks like a katana casually leaned against a wall.
Dean turns his head, then, to smile at Cas, his eyes crinkling. "Can you show Liv to the guestroom? I'll finish cleaning up here."
They enter the kitchen to find Sam already in his running clothes, Eileen bent over the table with a mug of coffee, Jack spread across two chairs with a bowl of cereal in his hands. Their heads turn and they freeze.
Dean is wearing an apron and bustling around the kitchen and Cas and Claire are in the process of setting the table. Cas looks up when she comes in and smiles and for some reason, she immediately feels calmer than she has all day. "Liv!" he exclaims. "Are you feeling better?"
She has a quick look around the room and spots no less than three guns, most of them half-assembled, probably left there in the middle of being cleaned. On the bedside table is a picture frame with a photograph of Cas, Dean, Claire and another young man, grinning into the camera next to a sign that proclaims 'God is real'. Once more, she wonders what kind of hunter-family she landed in tonight.
"Alright, alright," he says when he is close to the car. "Get back in, we don't want you catching a cold on your first week back." He circles the car and gets in. Cas is already sitting back in his seat. Dean hands him his coffee and the Snickers and Cas smiles in thanks. Dean empties half of his cup in big gulps, then turns on the car and drives back onto the road.
With that, Claire shuts the door and Liv is alone. She changes quickly, hangs her clothes over the heater in the corner in hope that they'll have dried enough after dinner that she can put the on again without them sticking to her skin. Thankfully, her short hair is towel-dried in a couple of seconds.
Thankfully, the driveway to the house isn't all that far down the road and the driveway itself is only a few hundred meters. Still, by the time she arrives at the porch of what looks like an old, recently renovated farmhouse, she's soaked to the bone. Great.
(Dean figures that they must make quite the pair - obviously exhausted but smiling like crazy, cheeks flushed, Cas still in Dean's flannel and their hands still tangled together. He kind of likes the thought of that.)
(Cas tastes of stale gas station coffee and the rain and crackling electricity. The longing in every cell of Dean's body quiets down for the moment. The rain outside stops, and neither of them notices.)
Liv tells them about the Ghoul and how she got rid of him and Dean whistles, impressed. "You did that by yourself? Not bad!"
"Really, Dean, you swear to God?" Claire shouts back, but Jack has walked past Liv and entered the kitchen where Dean pulls him close, hugging him tighter than seems entirely comfortable.
"You need to know, Cas -" He glances over and sees that Cas is crying. He reaches out without thinking, his hand finding Cas' again.
"This is Liv," Cas says. "Her car broke down, she's staying here tonight. Charlie called about her earlier."
as exagerations and lies, if it weren't for the casual way they seem to talk about things that Liv has never even heard of - throwing around stories about
(He doesn't think about how Cas' smile was way too soft to thank him for some sludge-like coffee and a candy bar, that he doesn't deserve that kind of smile.)
Liv is tired and wet and probably has a bruise the size of Texas across her ribs from being flung against a wall by a ghoul when, on top of it all, her car decides to break down.
"I can't even talk about it," Dean finishes. It's weak, he knows it, but he doesn't know how he's supposed to find the right words, to come up with something even close to what Cas said when he doesn't even dare to think about Cas' words.
By the time he comes out, Cas is leaning against the car door, head raised up to the sky. The gas pump and the Impala are technically covered from the rain by the station's roof but the wind blows some drops on them, anyway. Cas' hair is tousled in a way that makes Dean long to thread his hands through it. (Not that he's not longing for that all the time, anyway. But with Cas looking like he looks now, the longing grows especially strong.)
s in his head, sings along to the radio under his breath, taps along to the beat with his fingers against the steering wheel. Tries - and fails - to recount the last episode of Dr. Sexy he saw by memory, tries - and fails - to think about what he could cook for dinner this week, tries - and fails -
He, too, stops in her tracks when he sees her, close enough to the first man for their arms to touch.
He regrets it, instantly. Clenches his jaw, eyes fixed to the road even though he can feel Cas recoil next to him, curling back up into himself.
Claire shoots Liv an apologetic look. "It's really messy, I know. They don't really clean up their shit unless there's visitors, and we didn't expect you."
Cas is fiddling with the radio again but there's mostly static, and Dean's head feels like static, and before he knows it, he's slapping Cas' hand away from the dials.
By the time Liv is lying in bed in borrowed pyjamas from Claire, she's too tired to ponder much about the day's events.
the words, everything tumbling around his head in dizzying chaos. He's here, and when the first thing he did when he came back was fall into Dean's arms, fitting himself against every curve and edge of Dean's body like a puzzle piece. Cas, who didn't say anything when Dean didn't mention their last conversation, who didn't say anything when Dean spent the next couple of days finishing off the hunt he was in the middle of, who didn't complain when Dean went out in the pouring rain to dig up the grave of the ghost that had been plaguing the small midwestern town.
, the wipers go, and something about the rhythm of the rain and the soft drum beat from the speakers and the constant whirring of his brain leads to his eyes straying from the road and flicking over to the passenger seat even though he promised himself they wouldn't.
"Drive through? Dean, it's -" Cas leans forward to squint at the digital clock in the dashboard. "It's one am already. Are you sure you're okay to drive that long?"
what it is. He's dealing with it. If only it weren't so hard to find words to describe the tightness in his chest, the itch in his fingertips to reach out to brush Cas' hair out of his eyes, the way every cell in his body screams when he tears his gaze from Cas' soft form and looks back out on the road.)
Liv nods and is about to answer when the doorbell rings. There's a flurry of movement, Cas and Claire brushing past her in a rush, and by the time she has entered back into the hallway, the door is flung open and Cas and Claire are huddling around a young man. Liv recognises him from the picture in Claire's room.
Cas musters him for a moment, then says, "coffee, please, with milk and two sugars." He pauses for a moment. "And a Snickers, please."
The young man - Jack - squints at Liv just as Cas did earlier. He does look remarkably like Cas and Liv wonders if -
Eventually, Dean realises he's going to crash in about fifteen minutes, max, and they head inside. He holds Cas' hand as they enter the bunker, walk down the staircase, and suddenly he realises that he's bringing home a really, really good surprise. The grin that has been stuck on his face every second he hasn't been kissing Cas grows even wider.
(That's what does it, in the end. Cas sitting there, paitently waiting until Dean can say what has been building up in his chest for over a decade, now.)
(which Liv still doesn't really want to know about), Liv has suppressed several yawns. Everyone goes to say goodbye by the door and Liv hangs back in the kitchen, loading the dishwasher.
Liv hesitates. The names sound awfully familiar, but she can't quite place them and doesn't want to ask, either. She probably just heard them in some gossip round, nothing to worry about.
After dinner is finished, they move to the sofas with plates of delicious apple pie and glasses of Whiskey for those who want them. At one point, Dean asks,
Cas ends his crisis before it even properly starts by moving just a bit, twisting his wrist upwards until his hand is firmly placed in Dean's.
is Sam Winchester? Then that must mean - Her brain whirrs to connect the dots, to connect the stories of the epic Winchester brothers and their Angel Castiel to this lanky guy with a lazy grin and the Cas and Dean she met tonight. No way they are actually - She looks as they all interact, Sam going over to hug what is clearly his brother, Cas and Eileen signing to each other at a crazy fast speed, Claire and Jack giggling about something on Claire's phone, and she looks at the rug at the front door that just slid to the side a bit to reveal a hidden pentagram drawn on the floor, the gun resting next to the door on the table next to a set of keys, the broad shoulders of Dean under his flannel and the chaloused hands of Sam when she shook it and she realises that maybe, these people actually are
"Come on," he says, ignoring the little flicker of doubt in his head. He's always been better at actions than words, anyway. "Let's go to bed."
(Dean's thoughts are still whizzing around his head at a hundred miles a minute. Cas is here, next to him, and the last thing he said to Dean before saving his life,
"Cas, everything you said, before -" He can't say it, not yet, can't talk about losing Cas when he just got him back. "I'm not great with words," he says instead. "This won't be like what you said, but I just want you to know -"
The person on the phone continues, "alright, I texted you their details. They'll expect you when you arrive. And don't be intimidated, they can be a bit weird but under it all, they're big softies."
After filling up Baby's tank, he heads inside to use the restroom. He gets their coffees and Cas' Snickers and pays for the gas.
His grip on Cas' hand is probably tighter than comfortable but Cas doesn't say anything, doesn't say anything, just sits there, waiting,
Cas stirs and it's almost as if he could hear Dean's prayers. (Because what else is Dean doing these days if not praying, always praying to Cas, longing settling back into his bones like it always does when finds out that Cas isn't dead anymore, replacing his overwhelming despair with something that almost hurts more.)
Dean should feel nothing but relief. Cas hasn’t been cheating on him. Apparently, Alastair is no longer lurking around the corner waiting to jump out at him like they boogeyman. Dean should be down on his knees thanking Cas and, God knows, he doesn’t want another fight, but the fact is Cas has been keeping secrets from him again. Making decisions that affect Dean without even talking about it. Dean can’t pretend that doesn’t bother him.
Looking around and seeing Cas crouching behind him, Dean’s spiking nerves soothe almost immediately. He manages a crooked smile, and a shaky “Yeah.”
Dean can’t begin to imagine how messing around with hundreds of stingy insects could possibly be soothing, but each to their own.
“Listen to me, Winchester,” Cas growls, starting to lose his cool. “I did not touch your pathetically phallic car.”
Dean would argue that microwaved frozen tater tots do not constitute lunch, but he’s about to have a cold slice of leftover pizza for breakfast so he hasn’t got much room to mock.
“There are some alphas,” he says, “that horrifically abuse their power and influence, and she is amongst the very worst. If you had fallen into her clutches, I would have never forgiven myself.”
“Lisa.” Dean’s voice sounds exhausted even to his own ears. “I’m not trying to trick you. The business is yours. God knows you sacrificed enough over the years to make it a success. I’m not fighting you for it. Just… don’t fuck me over.”
Uriel nods calmly. “Of course, you’re right. And I know Ellen Harvelle runs her Den in strict adherence to the rules. Rules such as the omegas in her care dating only well-vetted alphas who are registered on her books and not any of whom are in a pre-existing relationship. Strict rules such as alphas in her employment not being allowed to fraternize with the omegas outside of a professional capacity.”
that he feels like he’s neglecting everyone: Cas, Elle, Sam and Jess. Never mind his friends, not that he has many, but he hasn’t properly talked to Charlie in weeks. He just seems to leap from one project straight to the next. He has done for years.
Dean hadn’t given much thought to the alphas’ living arrangements. It turns out they live in a cottage just beyond the edge of the Den’s grounds. The outside of the place is pretty, with honeysuckle growing up the stone walls, the inside neat and clean, if a little old-fashioned. The house smells like heaven to Dean, with the alphas’ scent hanging heavy in the air.
“I can see that. Not with Cas by your side. He may be named after an angel but he’s as fearsome as any warrior.” Cain presses a kiss to Cas’ cheek, before placing his hand at the small of the other alpha’s back. Cas rolls his eyes but his expression is one of fond exasperation.
Sam isn’t the biggest fan of this plan Dean and Crowley cooked up. And truthfully, it is kind of lame. It took a bit of persuading, especially Cas, but Dean managed to talk both Sam and him around. And no matter what Cas says, it isn’t cheating to ask him something three seconds after Dean’s just given him the best blow job of his life. It’s simply clever timing.
“And you’re certain he’s dead? Cause, not for nothing, but if this was a movie, he wouldn’t be. He’d have planned the whole damned thing and be waiting to—”
Although he has always tried to keep in shape, lately, he has slowed down some. Before Ben left, they’d go out running together most days. And Dean still worked out at the gym once or twice a week because Lisa liked him to show his face; it was apparently good for staff morale for the boss’ husband to be seen using the facilities. Plus, Dean still liked to talk to a few of the clients they’d had right from the early days, back when Lisa and Meg only owned one gym and taught all the classes themselves, and way before they started producing diet drinks and health bars.
Sweat is dripping down Dean’s back now, the heat from the spotlights suddenly overwhelming. He tugs at the collar of his shirt, which is starting to feel like it’s trying to strangle him, then takes another sip of water, his hand trembling when he places the glass back down on the table. The fact that the guy’s face is hidden behind an unmoving mask is starting to freak Dean out. The dude could be anyone. A tiny terrified voice in Dean’s head whispers that it could be Alastair.
He rolls over, breathing hard and wincing at the sticky mess of his sheet, to find Cas standing open-mouthed at the bottom of his bed with a mug of coffee in hand.
His legs are unsteady, and his vision blurrier than he’d like, but he makes it back to the sidewalk before Uriel grabs him from behind.
Dean chuckles. For as much as he dislikes crowds, for as much as this absurd amount of people under one roof should freak him the hell out, there something about the energy of the place, the chattering buzz of excitement, that calls like a siren to his inner fanboy. From a distance at least.
And it’s nice to start the day still relaxed from Cas fucking him into the mattress. That coffee must have really woken him up, because Cas was surprisingly energetic for so early in the morning. Dean isn’t complaining. Even if he is walking even more bow-legged than normal.
And Cas. Dean’s gonna need to tell Cas he has plans. But it’s not like Cas is gonna care. He’s probably gonna take that chick home and bang her on the damn sofa, or maybe the kid with the sun-bleached hair and daddy issues written all over his hero-worshipping gaze.
“No,” Lisa says, her expression as stony as Dean’s. “I figured he had less chance of being shot if he studied in England.”
“Dean,” Cas starts to say, and it’s his gentle tone that freaks Dean out past the point of listening.
“You’ve brought her up since she was six years old. You’ve loved her and been there for her like no-one else has. She’s
“Fine!” Ellen cuts him off. “It’s a no for Balthazar. Maybe we should try something different next time.”
“This is it, my darling boy. This is the end. There are no heroes saving the day. No daring escape plans. No last-minute miracles. You’re going to die. Here. The light in those pretty green eyes is going to disappear forever and I’ll be the only one to witness it. Your protector, your friend, he’s too busy saving strangers to care about you.”
Dean’s always found it jarring to be dragged suddenly from his headspace when he’s shooting a scene, but when the scene is this intense, and far too close to real life for comfort, the aftermath leaves him feeling like he’s been flayed alive for everyone to see. He’d never let it slip to Sam how raw these movie scenes are leaving him, but he can’t hide the physical signs as easily as the mental ones.
“Woke up and couldn’t fall back to sleep,” Dean admits. It’s the truth, just not the whole truth. “Let me fetch you some coffee.”
Marv is a tool. A tool with an inflated ego and a piss-poor sense of storytelling, who, depending on his mood, either wants to bone Dean or fire him. Now, working in the weird and wonderful business that is show, Dean is used to that. He can handle temperamental directors without a blip in his blood pressure. What he struggles with is directors who mangle a great movie-script and turn a complex character into a one-dimensional bad guy. Dean’s never had so many battles with a director in his life. It’s fucking exhausting.
“Hell, no,” Dean replies firmly. “I’ve done enough talking the past few days to last a lifetime. Nah, I’m just going to go ahead and get out of y’all’s hair.”
Dean needs to come right the fuck now. If he doesn’t touch his dick he’s scared he might humiliate himself by coming just from the feel of Cas’ spunk dripping down his chin. Except when he curls his hand around his dick, Cas stops him.
Dean’s too busy angling for an argument now to listen to what Benny is saying, “Doesn’t care about me? Of course not. Why would anyone give a damn about a second-rate omega like me, huh?” Dean jumps up, his chair legs scraping across the floor.
The worst thing is she would be smoking hot if she wasn’t a raging bitch. And while her scent isn’t exactly pleasant, it is exotic. But Dean has standards, goddamn it, and he’s not going to just stand there and—
“I don’t need my kid brother protecting me,” Dean yells. God, he’s pissed. Too pissed to think rationally. “Jesus, I’m sick of y’all acting like I’m a fragile fucking flower. I’ve been taking care of myself since I was five years old, god fucking damnit!”
On top of all the damn paperwork, Dean is also having to get used to living without his blockers and suppressants.
Lisa follows a few minutes later, by which time Dean is already sprawled on the sofa twisting the top off the bottle.
“I was named after an angel,” Cas explains. “My parents were very religious. Meg was amused by it. I think she enjoyed the thought of corrupting an angel.”
Dean turns his head to see Cain watching from a chair beside the bed, holding his dick loose in his hand. Dean licks his lips. He can tell just by looking at it that Cain's knot is gonna be huge. Once Cain ties him, they’re probably gonna be stuck for hours.
That doesn’t stop him from walking straight through to his backyard and sparking up another cigarette as soon as he arrives home though. His hands shaking so hard it takes him four attempts to light the damn thing.
Sniffing wetly, Sam wipes the back of his hand across his snotty nose. An act, by the way, that Dean finds just as disgusting now as he did when Sam was a grubby toddler. “Maybe you’ll find an alpha around here.”
True to form Dad’s sound asleep in the armchair less than ten minutes later. Sam’s still sulking in the bedroom and Dean’s not sure which of them he’s most mad at.
He rubs his eyes, stretches, winces at the throbbing ache in his jaw and then picks up the phone. “H’lo,” he mumbles.
Cas jerks his arm free from Dean’s grip, his gaze laser-focused on Marv. “I failed you once, Dean. I will not fail you again.”
Zachariah’s face goes through a number of expressions, none of which make him look more attractive than a dying toad.
“Well, we all know I’m a weird omega. Maybe I’m broken enough that it takes three alphas to fix up my soul.”
And Dean’s an idiot really. What does it even matter what this is? Sex is sex. Cas is hot, and Dean’s not gotten laid in forever. Even if this is just a one-time thing, he’d be insane not to go for it.
On the one hand, Dean is grudgingly impressed, on the other, he’s Dean Winchester so he’s not going to admit that. “I can handle myself,” he complains, smoothing down the sleeve of his shirt. “I don’t need some macho alpha with a hero complex swooping in to save the day.”
“Right back at ya, bitch,” Dean says, but he’s talking to the back of the door that Sam’s just slammed in his face. Frustration boiling over, he kicks at the bottom of the door instead.
“And you’ll get us all, don’t worry,” Cain tells him. “We have plenty of time. First Benny is going to take his time licking you open, making sure you’re good and ready, and then he’s going to fuck you with his thick dick until you see stars. When he’s done, while you’re still dripping with his come, Cas will slide right in and fuck you so hard you’ll forget your name.”
Dean juggles his cellphone with one hand, almost dropping the groceries he’s carrying before he manages to set them on the table. He doubts that Lisa has had a chance to talk to Ben yet, so he presumes this is just a “hey, I’m still alive” call.
And okay, maybe he’d skipped classes on the few days they’d had school lessons about alpha/omega biology and history and anything vaguely related to it. School was enough of a shit show without his whole fucking class staring at him as they discussed the graphic details of how male omegas gave birth. Dean shuddered just to think about it.
He takes a deep breath and tells himself it's not Ellen and Gareth’s fault that Dean’s an omega. Or that omegas are basically fucked from birth.
Dean takes a drink of whisky because it’s either that or throw the glass across the room, and Ellen would kick his ass for that.
Castiel is right there, striding towards them, his coat flaring out behind him like a superhero’s cape. It’s possible that Dean has a concussion.
“I might have,” Sam hedges, watching Dean closely, gauging his reaction before he commits to confessing all. Dean waits.
Cas crosses his arms over chest, eyes narrowing. “I’m not surprised Sam is irritated with you if you are being this much of a jackass.”
There is nothing in Ellen’s speech that Dean didn’t expect. Doesn’t mean he’s overjoyed to hear it though.
She looks about two seconds away from tears, and Dean can scent how upset she is. Dean pulls her into a hug, feeling like an asshole. “Charlie, I’m fine. I swear. I was an idiot last night. You saved my ass.”
The place he went to today seemed a bit more his style. The owner, Benny, a friendly bear of a guy, had introduced himself and shown Dean around. The atmosphere was laid back, the equipment modern and easy to navigate, and the clientele an even mix of genders, age-groups, and physiques.
“Excuse me for interrupting, but I wanted a quick word, Dean, hope you don’t mind.” Benny places his hand on Dean’s forearm, his touch warm on Dean’s bare arm but still making goosebumps pop across his skin. Dean deliberately doesn’t look at Charlie as he feels himself blush.
“Do you enjoy reading?” Cas asks, and just as easy as that they’re talking like two old friends. Dean tells Cas about his favorite books and authors and the stories he’d forgotten that he loved. That somehow leads to talking about Sam, which in turn leads to Cas telling Dean all about his family, and his brother Gabriel, and soon they’re laughing together as they compare childhood pranking tales.
When his feet stop moving, he plonks his ass down on the sand and stares out at the sea. It’s not a nice day. The sky is gray and there’s a sharp wind blowing in from the ocean. Dean’s so busy drowning in self-loathing he barely feels it. He truly fucked up. Cas is going to think he’s a goddamn moron. More of a moron than normal. It’s not that the sex wasn’t good. It’s that the sex was really fucking fantastic. And Cas is too hot for words. Hell, Dean almost came just from him growling Dean’s name and telling him no.
“I’m fine,” Cas says, stretching out his hand unconsciously, the knuckles scraped but no longer bloodied. “How are you?”
“Come on, Cas,” Dean says, giving the motorcycle a soothing pat. “I’m not saying we don’t take this seriously, not really. I’m just saying... let’s not make a big deal of it. We can check the security cameras and ask around, but quietly, okay? I don’t want drama today.”
Marv is flat on his back now. Cas straddling him, throwing punch after punch. The guy’s face is starting to look like mulch.
“Dude,” Charlie slaps him again. “It’s not that bad. It works both ways. You’ll have an amazing sense of smell too. Once your senses adjust. Just think of it like a super power. Your own early warning system. Helps you sniff out alphas with anger issues and omegas in need of help.”
Garth steps in this time. “No, bro, we aren’t saying you are sick, or you can’t look after yourself. Like the boss lady says, this is all routine. While you’re here, you’re under our care. We just need to have the paperwork to prove we’re doing right by you.”
Dean blushes. He does not want to talk about sex while he’s eating. Or trying to eat while his haywire sense of smell sends him into sneezing fits. He doesn’t actually want to speak about sex at all with Charlie.
He couldn’t tell you how long he’s out for, only that when he becomes aware of his surroundings again he’s lying on his side, Benny wrapped around him from behind, Cas’ face buried in Dean’s neck, mouthing at the sensitive skin below his ear, and Cain wrapped around Cas, his hand draped over Dean’s waist.
“Does it work?” he asks, hands smoothing down over the leather saddle. It’s identical to the ones they used in the movie, he can’t see a single difference. It’s just as beautiful.
Cas isn’t mollified. “You should have texted me or Sam. At least let someone know what you were doing.”
Dean’s hackles rise once again. “A care plan? I’m not sick, lady and I can damn well take care of myself. I’ve been doing it for years.”
“Pam,” Cas blurts out. His publicist is not the name Dean expected nor is it reassuring. “As she’s in charge of your social media accounts, she obviously knew about the original messages, and then... I called Charlie,” Cas eventually admits, not quite meeting Dean’s eye. “She’s been helping track Alastair down. And— “
Charlie had told him that several alphas work at the Den. Dean guesses it makes sense that the security chief is one of them.
Honestly, Dean’s not quite sure how he’s still walking by the end of the day. Exhaustion hits him like a sledgehammer the second Crowley announces they’re done. Even with the gallon of caffeine he’s downed, and the few cat-naps he's snatched during the day, Dean’s barely slept in the past twenty-four hours. Actually, he’s barely caught much sleep for the past few days. At least.
There’s no way Dean’s sticking around for introductions. He tries to side-step out of her way. “I told you, I’m leaving.”
With his normal efficiency, Crowley swiftly supplies cast and crew with a new shooting schedule. And even with the new ending scene the reshoots aren’t (in theory) going to take too much longer than Marv’s original plans.
Ben grumbles something unintelligible as Dean downs another shot of bourbon. There’s a beat of silence before Dean realizes Ben has asked him a question.
He dozes off and on until the cab draws up outside the beach house then he shoves what he hopes is the right amount of cash at the driver and drags his feet up the driveway. All he wants to do is dump his bag, and hit the hay. Maybe have a quick shower to wash off the airplane stench if he can stay upright long enough.
“Look, pal,” Dean says, calmly. “I don’t know what your problem is, but all I’m doing is shooting a few balls and having a quiet drink. I don’t want any trouble.”
It takes a while for the dust to settle. For the cops to take Marv away. To take statements. Cas shouldn’t be in trouble for the state of Marv’s bloodied face. Not considering Dean’s injuries, and Marv’s insane ramblings. And the knife.
“Dean, Dean, Dean...” Crowley appears as though simply uttering his damned name summoned him. “Your presence can always be relied upon to provide us with some extra drama.”
“I just... I don’t want...” Dean stutters, aware he’s a few words away from Charlie wailing on him. And very aware that Cas and Sam are avidly watching. His shoulders slump under her fiery glare. “I... thank you.”
Crowley knocks back the rest of his drink and slams the empty glass on the bar top. “Have a think about it, Dean. Have a drink. Hell, have the bottle. If you want to go back to Ellen’s I’ll have someone take you. If you want some fun, come find me.”
“We love you, assbutt,” Cas says, patting the bed beside him. “Now snuggle. Sleep. Talk later. After coffee. Lots and lots of coffee. And pancakes.”
“I can take you back, if you like,” Crowley says. “If you’re happier with rules and curfews, and being treated like a snot-nosed kid.”
“My question is for Winchester. According to the newspapers you had several melt-downs during filming. I was wondering whether that had anything to do with what happened in Scotland when you were supposedly abducted or was it more to do with your mom turning up again after she abandoned you?”
Sam’s face lights up despite Dean’s unenthused reply. “Seriously? Thanks, Dean. I... this means a lot. I just... I just need to meet her. To understand.”
The punch is not quite as effective as it would be in an action flick. He doesn’t knock Marv out or anything. In his defense, it’s impossible to put much power behind a punch when you’re lying flat on the floor. Marv’s lip does burst open quite spectacularly though, something which Dean doesn’t have much time to appreciate before Marv’s throwing punches of his own, smacking Dean with bruising precision across the jaw.
Cas brushes a kiss across Dean’s lips before leaning back and looking him in the eyes. Shooting Cas, a reassuring smile, Dean nods. He can do anything with Cas by his side.
Dean doesn’t want to hear it. All he wants to do right now is climb inside the Red Hood and do what he’s being paid to do.
Thankfully, Aaron smiles back. “I’ve only been on a few myself,” he says. “I’m not sure it gets any less awkward. So… do you um… do you like it here?”
The problem is Cas is looking for fun and hook-ups and nothing serious and Dean thinks he might be in love.
“And you’re an idiot for letting him treat you like crap, Dean,” Sam butts in. “You’re not powerless. If you’re hurting, ask for a fucking break. You’re not Brando, man. Method is not the way to go here.”
The problem with having edged away from the party to a darkened corner of the room, frustratingly close to the door, is that Dean has lost sight of the few people he knows. He’s perfectly capable of dealing with obnoxious alphas on his own, but he’s not sure just how forceful he’s allowed to be here without getting himself, and Ellen, into shit with Zachariah’s lot.
Jo, Ellen’s daughter has been working her way through Europe for the past six months. Sam, Dean and Cas were in the restaurant when Jo broke the news she was leaving. That was a night to remember. A considerable amount of glassware had to be replaced afterwards. “Where is she now?” Dean asks.
“Why don’t you tell us a bit about yourself,” Sam says to Mary in an obvious attempt to diffuse some of the tension around the table. “I presume you know a bit about how our lives turned out, but we don’t know anything about you.”
“Jesus, Dean, you’re not even giving her a chance.” Sam’s eyes flash. Sam isn’t quick to anger but when he blows it’s not pretty. “If I knew you were just going to be an asshole I’d have come here on my own.”
Dean shudders, a hot wave of fear washing over him at the thought of what Alastair could have been planning. Cas squeezes Dean’s shoulder. Whispers under his breath. “It’s okay. He’s dead. He’s gone. I promise.”
Aww, shit. Now Sam’s going to cry and it’s all Dean’s fault. “No, Sammy, it’s not your fault. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Cool,” Dean says, not particularly wanting to get into a discussion about who fucked up worse. There will be time to dissect Dean’s crappy life choices later. Now, he wants to go someplace safe where he can spend his heat with three ridiculously hot alphas. “So, can we go find Benny and Cain because I’m gonna be begging for a knot soon.”
Cas follows on Dean’s heels as he walks out of the study, but stops short of touching him, of trying to physically stop him. “Done with what? Where are you going? Dean?”
But, the more Dean gets to know Cas, the more he digs down beneath the flaky pot-smoking, arty, exterior, the more Dean finds himself appreciating what a genuinely good guy Cas actually is. Spunk stains on the sofa notwithstanding.
They’re trying the library again for this introduction. Dean has discovered that he actually likes it there. It’s a peaceful sanctuary away from the constant do-gooding nosiness of every inhabitant of the Den trying to
Dean has plenty of time to plan his revenge over the next two hours while he holds a pillow over his head in an attempt to drown out Cas’ painful sounding caterwauling. With over thirty years of pranking his kid brother under his belt, Dean doesn’t lack experience in being an annoying jerk. The problem is he’s not sure how to push Cas’ buttons. The guy is so fucking zen it’s scary.
Orgasm still humming across his skin, Dean’s panting, eyes screwed shut, face burning in humiliation when he hears Alastair set down his camera. He keeps his eyes closed as he hears Alastair stalk toward him, his nasal voice sending uneasy shivers down his spine. He flinches when Alastair touches him, his eyes blinking wide open.
“Dean! Sam! God, my boys.” This woman, Mary Winchester, their mother, stands up, hand jumping to her mouth.
“I assure you, Mr. Metatron,” the condescension drips from the exec’s voice as easily as money exudes from his Italian leather shoes. “Mr. Winchester is not the problem. Rather, the problem stems from the fact that the story you are attempting to tell, poorly I might add, is not the story we want you to tell.”
Dad shakes his head. “What’s crawled up Sam’s ass this time? Jesus, that kid’s a little punk right now. If I’d talked to my dad the way Sam talked to me, he’d have whipped my ass good.”
“Funny, I thought I was happy,” Dean says. “But then I also thought I had a faithful wife so I guess I’ve been known to be wrong.”
Dean says nothing. He did though. Hunter and hunted both know it. There’s still time, he prays, glancing at the wooden door of the warehouse, waiting for a last second reprieve. A wood splintering crash and a lecture on diving headfirst into danger would be more than welcome right now. Something in Dean’s gut tells him it’s already too late.
“So?” Dean says, before he remembers Cas’ plans for the night. It’s far from the first date he’s been out on lately. Dean knows the drill. “Oh, so don’t wait up?”
Dean rolls his eyes but climbs in anyway. A look in the wing mirror as they drive away, shows Cain arriving with Benny just in time to watch them leave.
Third time's the charm, Garth says the following week when Dean’s next date is scheduled. Dean doubts it very much. But he’s polite. Well, he’s not rude at least. He doesn’t mention that the alpha’s scent is less appealing than Chuck’s unwashed bathrobe smell, and he smiles and nods when the pretentious prick prattles on in what has to be a fake British accent about wine and religious antiques for almost the whole two hours, only stopping to ask Dean if he owns a suit. He barely stops talking long enough to listen to Dean’s answer.
Thankfully Uriel drives them back to Fairdale afterwards, although the route he takes is anything but direct. His motive is obviously to milk the opportunity to talk at Dean. As if he hasn’t done enough of that over the past three hours.
The idea of talking to a shrink though, of telling a stranger anything personal, makes him want to run for the hills. But then, the idea of talking to someone he knows isn’t any better. It’s not like he even has that many friends that he can just call up and chat with. Sure, the contact list on his cell is full of numbers, but they’re just people he knows. People he’s worked with. People who think Dean is a handy contact to have. Hollywood is so fucking fake. Everyone loves you to your face and bitches behind your back. You can’t trust anyone.
Abaddon cages him against the wall, her hands on either side of his head. If it was a guy pulling this shit, Dean wouldn’t hesitate to knee them in the balls and beat a hasty retreat. But it goes against his instincts to hit a woman. Even an alpha. Even an alpha that stinks of trouble like this one.
Cas is there. Sitting alone in the dark. He’s still wearing yesterday’s clothes, even more rumpled, and the bags under his eyes are dark against his pale skin.
Dean did at least man-up and go back to their house to collect the rest of his stuff. He waited until he knew Lisa was out of town overnight for business before doing it, but still, he gives himself points anyway.
He’s not going into heat yet, and hopefully won’t for another couple weeks at least, but for the first time since he hit puberty, he has started to slick up when he’s jerking off. And he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t freaking out about that.
Charlie feigns a shocked gasp. “Steampunk Hermione, Dean. Jeez, does Ginny have a badass time turner?” She holds up her necklace to let Dean see more closely.
Dean feels about two seconds away from bursting into tears for no good reason. It’s not something he’s willing to do in front of Cas, not now. “I think you should leave.”
“Honestly? I thought you would move out to be closer to Sam and Eileen. God knows you’ve always cared more about Sam than me.”
“Hmph,” Missouri repeats. “I know you’re lying to me, boy. I just have no idea why you think that’s a good idea.”
“Dean Winchester,” Cas says, taking Dean’s chin between his finger and thumb and turning his head so they are practically nose to nose. “You have no idea how much it infuriates me when you talk about yourself like that. You are kind and loving and generous and…”
Dean doesn’t want to lose him as a friend. And if the sex hadn’t achieved that then Dean freaking out has surely done the job.
“Well, aren’t you just delectable?” Alastair grins. It makes his gaunt face look even more skeletal.
“Oh really?” Dean says, waving his arms wildly. “So the air just let itself out of all four tires? Do you have any idea how fucking moronic that was? You could have bent the fucking rims.”
Dean feels more shame than he has ever felt in his life and he comes in his pants like a teenager watching his very first porn movie.
He does almost pee himself when a squeal rings out from behind him. Given Cas and Sam’s non-reaction though, he doesn’t think he has much to worry about. He turns around to see the origin of the high-pitched greeting and is immediately engulfed in a clumsy hug. Clumsy because Charlie is wearing a cosplay outfit of her own.
Charlie gapes at him across the table. “You went out with Crowley again? What’s that three times now?”
“It’s not a date, and I’m not leaving you alone to cry like a sad old loser at Christmas movies, so either you drive home to your Mom’s and spend tomorrow with a family who cares about you, or you come out with me tonight and get so drunk we aren’t even conscious for most of tomorrow.”
Cas, would definitely be a tick in the bad idea column. For a start, Cas is seemingly trying to catch up on all the casual sex he wasn’t having while he was married. That really isn’t Dean’s style. Dean also doubts that he’s even Cas’ type. He’s definitely not as bendy as most of the people Cas brings home, or as young. And he’s got a hell of a lot more baggage.
Dean sighs. It’s not like he doesn’t agree, but the fact is if he doesn’t mate with someone in the next few years, before he reaches full maturity, then one of these days heat sickness will hit him, and it will quite possibly kill him. If there is an alpha out there that, by some miracle, Dean can stand to mate with, then he wouldn’t mind getting the chance to meet them. Even if the thought of tying himself to an alpha for the rest of his life makes him feel slightly nauseous.
Still, when Cas is swallowed up by the group again, Dean can’t help but glare at the sounds of flirty giggling that seem to surround him. He ends up excusing himself when a woman sits on Cas’ lap and wraps her arms around his neck. Cas is laughing, pink cheeked, and Dean can already tell the woman is about to kiss him. He escapes quietly, beelines for the men’s room where he splashes cold water on his face and glares at his reflection in the mirror. Rather than going straight back to their table, he detours outside for some fresh air.
Cas grabs his arm when Dean sways a little. “I don’t think you are the best judge of that, right now.”
“Really,” Dean replies. He’s heard a similar speech from at least five other people. Uriel left him to the mercy of the crowd after he spent a good forty minutes sermonizing to the attendees with Dean frozen by his side. His strained smile disappearing altogether as it became more and more obvious how Uriel’s crazy brand of religion viewed poor unfortunate omegas,
“I will. I promise,” Dean says, and he maybe even means it. “But this... the keeping secrets thing, Cas, I can’t... I just can’t. The only people I trust in the world are you and Sam, and when you...” Dean trails off. But Cas nods.
Dean doesn’t relax when Cas lays his hand on his arm. “I’m sorry. I didn’t come here to argue with you.”
Ellen humphs and lifts an eyebrow at Dean’s shit-eating grin. “Given how pleased with himself Dean looks, I somehow doubt you are entirely to blame, Castiel.”
“I wouldn’t call that little display kissing.” Ellen is trying to maintain her haughty composure but Dean can tell she’s not half as mad as she’s pretending to be.
“Oh, ye of little faith.” Crowley slaps his palm across his chest with his usual dramatic flair. “I’m wounded. Just you wait until you see my previews at Comic-con, you’ll be signing up for the sequel by the end of the show reel.”
He should use the time to pass out and catch some more sleep. Or drink his coffee. Or message Cas. Or Sam. He should be doing anything other than sitting bolt upright on the luxury leather seats thinking about Uriel. The asshole that betrayed Cas and handed Dean to Alastair like a pig for the slaughter. The memories are right there though, clamoring  at the front of his mind, vivid and bloodstained. Uriel driving him to the middle of nowhere. Uriel chasing after him. Uriel drugging him.
“I’m going to leave you bloody and broken if you don’t start behaving, bitch,” Uriel snarls in Dean’s ear as he starts to drag him backwards.
“Benny’s idea,” Dean groans. He’d tried to veto the suggestion, but had been soundly out-voted. “So,” he says, changing the subject quickly. “Dorothy’s father came round to the whole triad marriage thing?
“What do you want me to do, Cas? Lay my head on your shoulder? Whine about my godawful childhood? Tell you all the things that Alastair said? Describe the collection of knives he had in that fucking room, ready to carve me up. Or do you want a detailed description of my dreams where I watch him cutting my dad’s throat? Do you really want to hear about how I wake up seeing Dad choking on his own blood? How I can fucking taste it? You think talking about any of this will help? Think I can weep on your shoulder and hug it out and everything will be okay?”
Dean doesn’t want to give that woman another chance. He hates her. He hates that she thinks she can just walk back into their lives and make herself at home when she’s done nothing to deserve the title of mom or grandmother. He doesn’t trust her. And he doesn’t believe she doesn’t want anything. He really doesn’t want to watch her break Sam’s heart when she up-and-leaves again.
Sam shakes his head firmly, mouth twitching into a forced smile that only sets Dean further on edge.
The hurt on Mary’s face shows how poorly Dean is managing to control his incredulous expression. In honesty, he’s not trying too hard.
“Do you think…. you would ever want to get married? I know that after what happened between your mom and dad, marriage might seem like a… a bad idea, but if you met the right person at the right time?” Cas trails off.
“No.” Dean shuts him down, even though the scent of upset alpha is assaulting his nose. “I ain’t letting anyone else down.”
God, you’re not allowed to punch alphas and you can’t be nice to them without leading them on. Fine. Next time Dean has a bad first date, he’s just going to be honest.
Suddenly, Dean is the one with his back against the stove and Cas’s hands cupping his ass, his eyes bright and a smile tugging at his lips. “Are you trying to provoke me, Dean Winchester?”
He’d rather be back at Crowley’s club than here with these sanctimonious assholes. At least there, they didn’t pretend they wanted him for anything other than his ass. These twisted pseudo-religious douchebags want to fuck with his mind as much as his body. Stomping down on omegas, on any group of people, because God says it’s the way it should be, is a load of crap. Dangerous crap. Dean doesn’t understand how anyone falls for it. But then again, it’s a lot easier to fall for it if you’re not the one who’s going to get smacked around. Churches like this don’t make Dean lose his faith in God, but they sure as hell make him lose his faith in humanity.
Crowley’s directing style is far sharper than Marv’s anyway. He doesn’t believe in multiple takes the way that Marv does. Although that’s perhaps because the movies Dean has worked with him on in the past haven’t had the budget that this monolith has.
Sex has always —usually— been fun for Dean. He’s good at it. Enjoys making other people happy, loves getting off. But even the best sex that Dean has ever had, doesn’t compare to this. Benny’s dick buried deep in his ass, his knot locking them together, Cain’s mellow voice telling him what a good boy he is, Cas’ fingers tangled in his hair, is a revelation. Dean seizes, coming so suddenly, so violently, with a gut-punch rush of pleasure that he whites out.
Not that Dean minds of course. Despite his aversion to paperwork, Cas does have a business to run. He is far less hands on with Angel Security than he used to be; has passed more responsibility over to his small team of managers in London. But they still report to him daily, and he always has clients to reassure, contracts to read, angels (or as Cas boringly calls them employees) to wrangle. He also still enjoys stepping into the field and taking a more active involvement in the bodyguarding business than Dean is comfortable with. Cas throwing himself in danger’s way will never be okay as far as he is concerned. But it’s not as though he has much say in the matter.
“Well,” Sam says. “Elle has fallen asleep. So, we figured we’d head out. Give you guys some alone time?”
That is the fucking issue, Dean wants to say. “Maybe... maybe we could hang around a while longer,” he chances instead. “Sam’s doing real good here. And I’m... I’m doing okay too. I’ve even managed to haul my grades up.”
Dean’s eyes flutter shut as he leans into his boyfriend’s touch. “Can we... can we just go to bed, please. I’m tired, Cas.”
Charlie gestures across the room. “Well, there’s Dorothy, over by the buffet pretending to be interested in the quiche and there’s Gilda across there talking to Missouri.”
Sam groans when he walks into Dean’s trailer just a few minutes after Dean and Cas arrive. Though, that’s more to do with the way Cas is crowding Dean up against the wall, mouth latched on to his neck, rather than any psychic vision of what they’d been up to an hour previously.
“But as far as not being natural,” Cain’s voice turns rather more terse. “That’s bullshit, excuse my language. There is no law, no rule written or unwritten about who you should mate with. There’s nothing stopping an omega marrying a normal, or another omega. Nothing to say that two, or even three alphas can’t be in a loving relationship. What’s important is to follow your heart, and your instincts. And, if your friend has read any history books, she should know that, for some omegas, living in a pack with more than one alpha is perfectly natural.”
Sam paces to the door, stands in front of it, mulishly blocking the way. “You still have ten minutes, Dean. We have time to talk,”
“Dean,” Cas scolds, cutting him off, just like Dean knew he would. “And no, we’re not stealing the bike. I think that would garner more attention than leaving like normal people through the back door.”
Dean looks across at his brother, watches him scrub his hand across his jaw, his shoulders drawing into a tight line beneath his shirt.
“Still not leaving you on your own,” Dean says, undeterred. He wriggles back making himself more comfortable amongst the sofa cushions. “So if you’re gonna hang around here not-brooding into your disgusting herbal tea, I guess I’m joining you.”
“Dean,” Charlie starts to object just as Benny drags a chair over from a nearby table, and sits down beside them.
They both startle when the men’s room door crashes open again. Security and Sam, and quite possibly a marching brass band going by the noise, charging into the room.
“And I’m in love with Lisa,” Meg adds, eyes wide as she stares at Cas. “We’re… we’re going to get married.”
“What’s not to understand? Last night was… well, less said the better, but you gotta get back on the horse, cowboy. First date is at 14 hundred hours in the conservatory so you have about thirty minutes to get ready. And I’m not being funny, Dean, but I’d take a shower if I were you, you’re smelling a little ripe today even to my normal nose.”
Cas flips them over so fast, Dean doesn’t have time to blink. Cas stares down at him, a spatter of Marv’s blood across his cheek. Dean reaches up to wipe it away, but Cas catches his hand in vice-tight grip. “Cas,” Dean says again. “This isn’t you.”
“I'm just saying, boy. There’s a reason nature sends omegas into heat and it’s not just for the amazing orgasms.”
Dean’s not sure if he’s sweating because he’s nervous or because Alastair has the temperature ratcheted up midday-sky high in his studio, but there’s sweat trickling down his face before he even steps out from behind the privacy screen.
“That mug held great sentimental value, Dean,” Cas snarls, uncrossing his arms so he can jab his finger in Dean’s face. “Just because you have the emotional depth of a lump of a wood does not mean the rest of us do.”
Crowley’s club isn’t what Dean expected. Given Crowley’s British accent and love of expensive tailoring, top-shelf whisky and showing off, he’d pictured Crowley owning some sort of old-fashioned gentleman’s club where the select and obscenely rich clientele smoked cigars and talked in hushed whispers about stock prices.
“Slacker,” Dean chuckles. For someone who owns an incredibly profitable business Cas is shockingly reluctant to sit behind a desk. Dean knows for a fact he drives his accountant and managers to the edge of quitting at least twice a month. But hell, it’s not like he doesn’t sympathize. “You want some breakfast?”
“Do you… how much…” Cas appears unusually nervous as he attempts to ask Dean a question. “Do you have a full recall of our conversation last night?” He eventually spits out. Dean twists his head to look at him, surprised to see Cas is blushing. That’s something Dean hasn’t seen often.
Might as well work while the offers are still coming in, right? That’s been Dean’s mantra since he started out acting, hell, before that… since he started modelling. But the thing is, the offers have been pretty damn steady for the past five or six years. The longest break he’s had lately was the three weeks recuperation he needed after the business with Alastair. And that wasn’t exactly a vacation.
The sound of Uriel yelling from behind him only makes Dean hasten his pace. And fuck, when did he get so out of shape that a fast walk makes his legs feel unsteady?
As he lets himself him into the beach house, Dean can’t help but wonder how much of those good memories are real. If Lisa spent every minute she was here with Dean wishing it was Meg she was with. If she and Meg fucked in every room. If they fucked in Dean and Lisa’s bed.
“It’s at least a three mile walk back to Fairdale. You’re alone. Defenseless. What are the chances of you making it home safe? You think anyone would care if you didn’t? An omega in heat? Out in public. The police wouldn’t even blink if you disappeared. It would be your own fault. Dumb bitch asking for trouble.”
Cas pokes at the sad remains of Dean’s television with his foot. “I don’t think originality is utmost in the mind of most killers, Dean.”
The look Crowley gives him is withering. “Don’t bullshit a bullshitter, Dean. I need actors on top of their game, not a has-been who lives on nicotine and whisky. You can’t keep this up.”
“Hey dudettes, how’s it hanging?” Ash drops down into a seat at their table. He’s another of the omega residents, the only other male omega here right now, and a nice enough guy despite his hideous mullet and stoner attitude. Dean had been shocked to learn he’s been here for nearly seven months. Dean can’t imagine being stuck in this place, however nice it appears, for that long. According to Charlie though, it’s not that unusual. Omegas aren’t encouraged to rush into relationships. Courting is supposed to happen at a steady and natural pace.
When Dean doesn’t respond Cas tries again. “I’m sorry for keeping things from you. Alastair and your mother. For not telling you the whole truth. I thought I was keeping secrets for the right reasons. I know that doesn’t make it okay.”
The rest of the audience is shifting uncomfortably. Dean feels like he’s in the middle of a slow-motion car wreck with a thousand bystanders looking on.
“Not right now anyway,” Cas adds before Dean has time to hide his inappropriate hurt behind a sarcastic quip. “I don’t think now is the right time, do you?”
He’s ready with five minutes to spare, and figures he may as well head down to the conservatory. He almost trips over Charlie when he opens the door.
“And,” Sam adds, cool as any soulless lawyer. “If you attempt to slander my brother in any way, I will drag you through so many lawsuits, you’ll be lucky not to be living in a dumpster by the time I’m finished.”
When Cas takes control, rocks his hips, and slides his dick in and out of Dean’s mouth it’s one of the most erotic experiences of Dean’s life. And even though Cas is fucking his face, he’s more gentle, more careful, with Dean than Dean had been with himself.
“Well, you obviously haven’t watched enough True Crime documentaries, have you?” Dean quips, continuing speedily when it looks like Cas is planning Dean’s death himself, “You told me yourself, Alastair’s dead. Gone. No longer a problem. It’s the last day of shooting, that’s all. This is probably the work of one of Marv’s homophobic douchebag pals. Or a disgruntled PA that drank one too many red bulls and thought a little criminal damage was a good idea. It’s nothing.”
“No,” Sam speaks up at last. “No, Dean, it’s nothing like that. It’s nothing... nothing bad, I swear. No one’s hurt.”
do this now,” Sam perseveres. “We never talk about it. Or you don’t at least. You know I had therapy after Dad died and everything that happened with Ruby and Jess. And talking about our messed up childhood actually—”
“It wouldn’t be running away, Dean.” Sam perseveres even though Dean is very much over this conversation.
“It’s not up to you, is it?” Marv yells back at Dean, face tomato red and spittle flying everywhere. “Because you’re no-one. You’re just a... a cock-sucking whore with— “
“Spread your legs wider, Dean. Let me see your hole, kiddo. Come on, don’t be shy. Wider, that’s it, now tilt your hips up... lick your finger and touch yourself... just the rim, kiddo, you can do it. That’s it... look at you... that feels good, doesn’t it, baby? Now fuck your fist and suck on your fingers, good boy. Come on, suck your fingers for me baby, just like you’re blowing your boyfriend’s big dick, that’s it.”
Compartmentalizing, Cas calls it. Shutting down his emotions, Dean thinks is more honest. He doesn’t like it. Doesn’t like the feeling that Cas is hiding his feelings.
“Leaving,” Dean retorts, sharp as a knife, spinning around to face the alpha. She’s undeniably beautiful. Tall, taller than Dean, waves of fire-red hair, scarlet lips, and dangerous eyes. “And I ain’t no bitch, lady so back the fuck off.”
Benny seems to notice Cas at the same time Dean does. His hand coming up to squeeze Dean’s shoulder. “What’re you thinking, brother?”
“Well, I’m going to talk to Marv,” Sam says, a challenge in his voice that dares Dean to argue with him. Dean honestly doesn’t have the energy.
Sam gives Dean the go ahead to sign the divorce papers a couple of weeks after he and Cas drop hostilities. The agreement, once it’s finalized in the courts, means that Dean will end up with enough cash in the bank to ensure that, if he’s careful, he should never have to worry about money again and Lisa will keep the business and everything she’s worked so hard for.
“Your lips are the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” Cas says, thrusting a little harder. Dean squeezes Cas’ hips in appreciation before letting go with one hand to finally free his dick from its denim prison.
He calls Cas first anyway. Saunters back inside the house and grabs a bottle of whisky, a glass, and ice from the freezer when he doesn’t pick up.
“No, Dean,” Cas says. “No, that’s… absolutely not. Uriel and Zachariah are the ones at fault here. And while we didn’t want to pressure you into accepting our attempts at courting you, Cain, Benny and I also have to take some of the blame in letting you go off at Adler’s bidding without a fight. I should have stepped in as soon as I heard Uriel’s name mentioned.”
Dean thought Cas knew how he felt about this. How little he cared about what anyone else might think. He thought they were past this. “Hell, no. It’s not like it’s a big secret. I love you. Screw what anyone else thinks.”
“That’s obvious,” Uriel says, without a shred of humor. “All the more reason for you to accompany me today.”
“Yeah, this crap ain’t exactly a feel-good flick. Maybe you should put on Home Alone instead. It’s always fun watching bad guys getting their faces smashed in.”
Dean finds his jacket and what he actually wants in his pocket. There’s one solitary slightly bashed cigarette left in the packet. He lights it and takes a draw, then turns back around to face Cas.
“Uhuh,” Dean says, shoving his hands in his pockets. This dating thing is getting old fast. Dean doesn’t know how much more of it he can take.
Dean scowls at him, takes another long drag of nicotine, then goes hunting for somewhere to stub out the butt. He’s already feeling steadier. And steadily growing more embarrassed.
Dean is taking solace in pie. It’s just as well he has a quick metabolism and doesn’t easily put on weight.
Dean knows he’s supposed to be playing nice but there’s no way he’s just letting this guy snark at him like he’s an idiot. “So, Crowley, you’re a bit old to not be mated, aren’t you? Can’t find an omega to settle down with?” Dean reaches out and shakes the alpha’s hand. The alpha doesn’t let go, holding onto Dean’s hand and staring into his eyes like he’s trying to see down into his soul.
Dean cringes as she runs a blood-red nail down the ridge of his cheek bone. “Look, I don’t want to hurt you, but…”
“And you didn’t think that was suspicious?” Dean scoffs, because Jesus Christ that kind of thing doesn’t happen in the real world, not to struggling theatre actors, not without giant strings attached. “Stop bullshitting and just tell us the damn truth for once.”
“For Christ sake,” Dean bitches, rubbing at his aching head. “It’s a studio car not a freaking Uber. I’ll catch you later, Max.”
?” Dean is struggling to string thoughts together, sentences are way outside of his capabilities right now.
“Hell yeah,” Ash drawls, holding his hand up for a high five. The glare Ellen gives Ash is dry enough to fry him on the spot, and the slap on the arm she gives Dean is hard enough to unbalance him. Sam doesn’t try to smother his laugh.
Benny’s knot was as thick as the man himself and Cas’ was as big as his fist and pressed against Dean’s insides so perfectly it was like it was made just for Dean. Cain though, Cain is built like an alpha from the dirtiest kind of porn flick. With a dick as thick as a coke can and a knot made to ruin twinky omega virgins.
“What did she say to you?” Cain asks, placing his hand on the small of Dean’s back, and leading him off the dance floor, much to Dean’s relief.
Laughing, Dean yanks off his mask with a flourish. The hall erupting around him. He turns in a shuffling circle, waving awkwardly to the crowds behind him before making his way slowly towards the stage. He stops to take selfies and slap hands so often that Cas, shadowing him the whole way, ends up practically pushing him the last few steps.
“Den,” Sam huffs. “No one even really knows what goes on in those places. For all we know they're just going to auction your ass off to the highest bidder.”
“Or,” he says, ignoring the dark look that Cas gives him. “And I’m just putting this out there, you could slam your foot on the gas, drive me back to yours, and Cain, Benny, you and me could have a little fun.”
Mary rambles on, words jumping over themselves rabbit quick. “I needed to get my head together. Decide exactly what it was I wanted.”
As Marv flounces off set, Cas sends him a killer glare, one that Dean hopes promises future retribution. Not that Dean wants Cas to punch or otherwise maim the director in any way… other than how he really does.
Dean stills. The voice, feminine but with a tone that is unmistakable alpha, is right in his ear. A nose brushing against his skin, inhaling the sweat at the back of his neck. A hand slapping against his ass. Dean’s skin crawls with the wrongness of it.
They’ve only known each other for a few months, even if it does feel like a lifetime, so no, Cas is right. It’s not the time.
True to his word, Cas doesn’t make a huge fuss about the damage to Dean’s trailer. In fact, Dean doesn’t hear anyone mention it all day so whatever Cas has done, he’s done quietly.
Dean takes matters into his own hands, so to speak, and with a wriggle and a squeeze and a bit of imaginative thinking, manages to sink down onto Cas’s dick himself.
The party is sadly lacking in eye candy. Dean has been hiding behind a giant potted plant for the best part of an hour now, ever since he saw Zachariah on the prowl. It’s not the worst hiding place, he at least remembered to snag a couple of bottles of beer before he hunkered down. The main problem is the lack of an attractive alpha to moon over.
“Perhaps,” Cas’s fingers still on the back of his neck and Dean can feel the hesitation in the question. “Perhaps talking to a therapist would help?”
By the time he’s dressed and has had his coffee, he’s feeling human enough to face venturing out to run errands.
Dean had forgotten just how hard Charlie could punch. Thank God for his leather jacket. “They didn’t drag me in. You think they would make me do something I didn’t want to? You think they could, huh? And you think you’re not worth a few hours of my time? Seriously?”
Dean keeps his attention out over the pond. It’s easier than looking at Cain. Easier to resist the temptation to throw himself into the alpha’s arms. Dean isn’t a hugger. He doesn’t understand why he’s so desperate for a comforting touch.
Thank god they pull up outside the beach house just then because Dean’s painfully aware now of just how badly his mouth was running away with him. He knows he said some stupid shit. He’s not sure he remembers everything he said to Cas but he definitely recalls mentioning Cas’ sex hair at one point. That alone is enough to make him want to hide in his room and never come out again.
Dean’s cosplay is pretty damn awesome. Some chick that Charlie knows made it for him, and she did an amazing job. It’s nothing like his real Red Hood costume, not as shiny or as professional or as damn tight. Really, it’s nothing more than leather pants, a brown leather jacket, knee-high laced black biker boots, an eye-mask that he’s wearing now and a kick-ass full mask that he’ll put on before he hits the hallways. It’s far from the fanciest or most intricate costume in town, but Dean still feels like he’s the most bad-ass geek around.
Cas has told Dean everything about his past. And no matter how guilty Cas still feels about his time serving his country, Dean refuses to blame him at all.
“I’m fine,” Dean says, even though he thinks Cas and Benny seem to be too busy elbowing each other out of the way to listen to him.
dates again, is enough to make Dean feel queasy. He hated that shit when he was a teenager, and he suspects dating is not something that gets easier with age. At least back then he was pretty enough that he never had to make the first move.
“I’m fine,” Dean says, again, for possibly the hundredth time today, but with a little less bite this time. “I’ll admit I’ve had a bad few days, but I’m good, I swear.”
“That would be super convenient, huh? If I just disappeared? Left you and Meg to pretend the past twenty years never happened.”
With Uriel’s attention distracted, Dean takes the opportunity to kick the alpha in the knee and twist out of his hold. He’d like to say he doesn’t immediately dart to Cas’ side, but he would be lying. Cas’ scent is stronger than ever, enveloping him in a sense of safety and comfort.
“He almost made me cry when he read me an excerpt from his latest book, Ellen. What was I supposed to do, just sit there and smile?”
He’s still awkwardly pretzeled up, halfway in and halfway out of a bathroom stall though. He figures getting upright, without handing Marv the chance to do something stupid —stupider— with that knife seems like a priority.
In the car home, Dean brushes off any serious topics of conversation, and refuses to call Sam. Not because he doesn’t want to sort things out with his brother but because he’s just too damned wiped out to think about anything other than collapsing into bed. Cas doesn’t put up much of a fight. Things are too fragile between them. And he’s obviously just as tired and worn as Dean.
“Protect me,” Dean cuts in. “Yeah, so you said. And like I said, I’m a big boy, I don’t need my boyfriend and my kid brother coddling me like I’m some kind of fragile flower.”
Dean doesn’t spend much time drying off before he wraps a fluffy green towel around his waist and follows the scent of his alphas to where it’s strongest.
Dean attempts, unsuccessfully, to rub away the faint hickey he knows is on his neck. “Pretty sure I’m covered in three different kinds of fake blood today anyway,” he shrugs, quickly admitting defeat and settling for patting down Cas’s sex hair instead. “I didn’t think you were going to be here this early, Sasquatch, what’s going on?”
He’s unsurprised by that -Cas is definitely not a morning person- so he takes this moment to admire his boyfriend. In their sleep they’d slightly altered their positions, resulting in them laying face to face on the same pillow. Cas’ breaths are soft, and blow gently across Dean’s lips.
And Dean can’t help himself, a shy smile on his face as he slides his left hand into view on the table.
“Ready to get up?” He asks when he pulls back. Dean grumbles idly in the back of his throat, wiggling impossibly closer to Castiel. “There’s bacon.”
It’s a slow process as Dean teaches himself that there’s nothing wrong with him. That he’s allowed to want Cas. It helps that his family is the literal best support system he ever could’ve asked for. They’re all patient and understanding, and Eileen-
“Nothing to talk about, Cas.” Dean says, trying for nonchalant. Hurt flashes through Cas’ eyes and Dean’s pretty sure he’d failed entirely. He smiles a half smile that doesn’t reach his eyes and refuses to meet Dean’s gaze.
“A few days ago.” Castiel says honestly, closing the trunk before offering his hand to Dean. He doesn’t hesitate to slot their fingers together, falling into step next to him as they walk toward the path that leads down to the frozen pond. “I told Sam that I wanted to take you, so he helped me find some skates.”
Dean blinks furiously against the emotions that train of thought causes. It had taken years to get here -and a few months of therapy after defeating God to learn that it’s okay to show emotions- and while he knows he still has a long way to go to undo all of the harmful brainwashing his father had subjected him to and to unpack four decades of baggage on his shoulders, for now he can’t remember a moment he’d ever felt better.
Because of his focus he’s even more aware of the way Castiel loudly and conspicuously clears his throat a few feet from the kitchen door. They make it into the kitchen before Dean can voice his question, and it’s answered for him.
At forty two years old he’s sat on a bench in the woods in a light snowfall with his boyfriend, and there’s nowhere he’d rather be.
“The price was my life.” Cas says, and Dean bristles. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, The Empty would be summoned, and it would take me forever.”
They meet by Baby’s trunk and Castiel fishes around for a moment amidst the supplies he’d somehow snuck in there without Dean noticing. He draws up and offers a hat and gloves, and despite his instinct to scoff and refuse he accepts them. The day is mercifully mild, sun shining through the clouds, but Dean knows from experience that cold hands are not pleasant.
So wrapped up in his fiance it takes him longer than it normally would to realize that all of the lights in the bunker are off.
Cas’ lips are soft and full, and his lower lip easily fits itself between Dean’s lips. Dean whimpers softly, heart tripping over itself as warmth sears through his veins, and he presses deeper into the kiss. Strong, warm and calloused hands find his hips to squeeze gently.
Cas stops in his tracks, turning to face Dean- meanwhile the elder Winchester is waiting for the world to end. Instead, two things happen.
Dean had known several things at a very young age; Sam was his priority no matter what. Dad didn’t like to be bugged when he got home from a hunt or he’d get angry.
“I’m not gay, Cas!” It comes out harsher than he meant it, and when Cas’ expression shutters he wants nothing more than to take it back.
The shopping trip is uneventful, as Dean isn’t even sure how to broach the subject. They walk the store, content in each other's presence, and Dean thinks
With a defeated sigh Cas sags back into his chair. His newly-human body twinges in protest at the angle, but he doesn’t move.
“John taught Dean that being gay -or bi, or pan, or anything other than straight- was sick and wrong. He always told Dean that anything other than a man being with a woman was disgusting. Dean never understood why. He never held anyone else to that belief -hell he was overjoyed for me when I got my first boyfriend- but he… he just internalized it and made it a reason to hate himself.
Once the chinese food is thoroughly demolished and Dean has enlisted Castiel’s help to pack away the miniscule amount of leftovers -and they’ve stolen a few kisses behind the cover of the fridge door- Castiel sends Dean back to the table alone with the promises of a surprise.
Panic flares in Dean’s veins, blood running cold and his breath comes in shallow pants. What if John hears them talking- what if Sam realizes exactly what was going on with Evan and hates him too?
The relief Dean feels is so overwhelming that he grips the edge of the counter so that he doesn’t fall over.
“Gross.” Dean mutters, and Sam flips him the bird. Dean watches as Sam quickly signs something to Eileen that he can’t quite make out, and she giggles into his shoulder.
Perhaps not the best way to start a conversation -as evidenced by the way Dean’s shoulders tense- but last time proved that no buildup at all triggered Dean’s fight or flight response.
“You know,” Cas continues, and on auto pilot Dean takes a step closer. “Ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell… Knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared.”
When he was seventeen he met a boy named Evan. Dean was so in love with him - but Evan didn’t want to sneak around. He wanted Dean to tell John.”
When Sam clues in he nudges Jack with his foot, and Jack all too happily gets up and leaves the room to fetch a blanket from the linen closet down the hall. When he returns he spreads it over the two of them, and Dean grins.
That becomes their morning ritual. Every day Cas is greeted with fresh coffee and a soft ‘morning sunshine’, and every day Dean is rewarded with a shy smile and a ‘good morning Dean’.
“Alright.” Sam says without looking up from his laptop, Eileen leaning over his shoulder and reading something on the screen. “Can you grab me some tea- and some quinoa?”
When Dean was thirteen he realized he was never going to be what his dad wanted him to be, and it was all because of a boy.
Their relationship moves slowly. Cas is more than content to go at Dean’s pace, and Dean loves him that much more for it. Cas melts Dean into a puddle with every touch, every brush of soft pink lips against his cheek, and he wonders if Cas knows just how gone Dean is on him.
Jody and Claire make it to him first, crushing him into a clumsy group hug. Kaia laughs at the two of them and punches Dean on the shoulder at the same time that Claire pulls back and punches the other. He pretends to be offended and squawks, but he’s laughing as he follows Jody away to the table and Claire approaches Castiel.
Some days are easier than others, but he’s doing it. The more comfortable he gets with himself, the more casual intimacy he introduces between himself and Cas.
He already knows what Cas wants to talk about and Dean isn’t- he’s not- he can’t do it. He’s not ready for that. His dad's words are still too deeply ingrained in his mind. He knows he’s in love with Cas -he knows that Cas loves him- he knows that every second of every day his traitor heart aches for Cas- but Dean is so scared.
“He-” Dean hesitates, roughly clearing his throat. He doesn’t know how much is too much- but Sam’s promise to drop this conversation after it ends prompts him to continue. “He beat the fucking shit out of me, Sam. Sometimes it feels like if I let my guard down for one second -if I do even one thing that he doesn’t approve of- he’s going to walk through that door and- and kill me. Just like he threatened when- when he-” Dean clears his throat.
Castiel’s thigh stays pressed against Dean’s for the duration of the meal, their shoulders bumping occasionally. That makes it easier for Dean to lace his fingers through Castiel’s as soon as they’re done eating, resting their joined hands upon the tabletop. He sips idly at his coffee as Castiel talks eagerly with Jack about the changes he’s made to heaven, and not for the first time Dean wishes he could freeze time to stay in this moment with his family.
“I’m sorry, I’ll be good.” Dean grins, excitement making his hands shake. He wants nothing more than to tackle his boyfriend -
Just like every other time the words had been uttered he feels briefly overwhelmed by the love he feels for Dean, and overwhelmed by the pride he feels on his boyfriend's behalf. He knows how hard it’s been for Dean to get to this point -especially after the incident with John and the nuns- but seeing Dean brave through that to the point of comfortably expressing himself is almost overwhelming.
Dean’s eyes widen slightly as he looks down the path, eyes flicking upward when snow begins lightly falling. His breath catches in his chest for a moment as the reality of the situation hits him- he’d never thought he could have this. Never thought he’d let himself have this. He wishes more than anything he could go back and tell his seventeen year old self that it would be okay- that there was nothing wrong with him. That one day he’ll wake up every morning wrapped in his boyfriend’s arms and know that John was wrong about him.
Brow furrowing Sam sets the empty coffee mugs down on the table and takes a seat across from Cas, in the seat Dean had previously been occupying.
For the most part they’re out -but Jody had called saying she needed help and they hadn’t hesitated. The case is a pain in the ass -but skinwalkers always are, and there had been three. It takes just shy of five days to wrap up the case.
“You own my heart, and I want to grow old with you at my side. I promise to love you every day for the rest of existence. Will you marry me?”
“He just… doesn’t know how to let himself be happy.” Sam sighs. “He told me once that he’s scared if he doesn’t hide it -if he doesn’t beat himself up for it- John will come back and kill him, like he threatened to do when he found out about Evan.”
but he doesn’t know how, doesn’t know what he can do. Billie is going to kill them- she’s going to kill them and it’s Dean’s fault- Dean’s going to watch Cas die and it's
Cas deserves better than that. And even if he doesn’t want better, he at least deserves Dean figuring his shit out before trying to tackle this conversation.
Sam has his head thrown back as he laughs at Cas’ horrible accent, and Cas is squinting at him even as he hides a smile into his coffee. Eileen is shaking her head in disapproval, and Dean thinks that maybe Cas was onto something. Maybe he was right.
Once the plates have been passed around Castiel returns to Dean’s side and he stands, waiting impatiently for the other man to sit so Dean can reclaim his spot in his lap. As it turns out the apple pie is absolutely incredible -and no, Dean is not biased at all because Castiel made it- and he eagerly inhales a second piece with another scoop of ice cream.
Dean stiffens slightly next to Cas. Cas doesn’t continue, content to let that hang in the air between them until Dean is ready to comment on it.
“Can we talk, Dean?” Cas murmurs, and for the first time all day anxiety is able to sink its claws into Dean.
Silence swallows them once again as Dean’s arm winds around Castiel’s shoulders, both relaxing into the other as they sip their drinks and watch the sun slowly sink below the horizon. As the last rays of sunlight begin to fade out all along the trail small solar powered lanterns light up, casting warm orange light on their features.
He knows where this is going. He knows what’s coming next and there’s nothing he wouldn’t give to stop it, because if Cas says it Dean is going to
Dean can hardly breathe and his eyes are stinging with unshed tears as he croaks a feeble attempt at a response.
Cas’ head tilts slightly, but evidently he chooses not to question Dean’s apparent hostility and instead answers as if it was a genuine question and not a thinly veiled insult.
“He did.” He says slowly. “And John beat him within an inch of his life for it.” Sam pauses for a moment, a heavy silence swallowing them as fury blazes in Cas’ eyes. “I thought- I woke up and my brother was bloody and hardly breathing and John was screaming at me to get him in the car- I thought he was going to die, Cas.
“I’m not saying you’re gay, or bisexual, or anything at all. I’m just saying that if you are, even if you aren’t ready to talk about it, there’s nothing wrong with you.”
Jack makes it to him first, pulling him into an excited -albeit clumsy- hug, and Dean chuckles and squeezes his kid tight. When he pulls back Eileen is waiting, arms spread, and Dean doesn’t hesitate to sweep her into a hug so enthusiastic her feet leave the ground. She laughs delightedly, leaning up to peck him on the cheek once her feet meet the ground again.
“C’n I have an avocado?” Sam calls, and Dean tosses one over. Eileen closes the fridge behind her, wandering to the table with an apple and a bottle of water in her hand.
Atop the table is a large plate heaped with pancakes, a pan of scrambled eggs, a heaping plate of bacon, another plate of sausages, and a bowl of mixed fruits.
“I need to speak with you.” He says, and Dean groans in frustration, head falling back into his pillows.
“Again with you appearing in my bed in the middle of the night.” He mutters. “It couldn’t have waited until morning?”
“Oh.” Sam says easily. He pauses, looking down at his fries. “I guess I just thought that- well, I guess it doesn’t matter.”
It starts off slow. He knows it’ll take more than a week to overcome forty years of brainwashing, but he can hardly bear the way he longs for Cas- especially now that he knows his love is reciprocated. He’s a long time from being able to tell Cas that he loves him, but he thinks he can get there, now. So, he starts small.
“I love you too.” He says, and he falls back into Cas, kissing away the beaming smile on his boyfriend's lips.
“I’d rather have you.” Dean says, and the angel’s gaze lifts slightly. “Cursed or not.” The joy in Cas’ eyes scares him and he hastily tacks onto his sentence. “And besides, we’re all cursed. I seem like good luck to you?”
He wants to scream -yearns to scream- but he knows he can’t. He knows it isn’t true. Dean’s too broken. Still his heart screams.
“You always taught me that love is love, and to never be ashamed of myself.” Sam says, and Dean’s expression turns to ice. “Why does the same not apply to you?”
“Dean,” He starts gently, and Dean can’t help the cheek splitting grin on his face. Unable to help it, Castiel’s smile grows to match his boyfriends. “Dean, you are the love of my life. You’re the only person I want to spend the rest of my life with-”
and it scared Dean. Stan was kind, had curly blond hair and a wide smile, and brown eyes that Dean was sure could see right through him despite the thick wide rimmed glasses sat in front of them. Stan had welcomed Dean to the new school with open arms, and Dean wanted to surround himself with the comfort that Stan provided- but every time Stan looked at him it was like Dean could hear his father talking in his ear.
We moved away that night, and Dean never saw Evan again. I tried asking him about it once -I pretended I didn’t know what they were to each other- but he freezes right up and defaults to defensive. John fucked him up.”
For Sam’s whole life Dean had been the one to reassure him, tell him that there was nothing wrong with him - that it was okay if the boy Sam was sneaking around with was his boyfriend. Dean had never forced their fathers hateful beliefs upon Sam, and Sam knew Dean was genuine when his brother told him that being gay was okay -but Dean also doesn’t believe the same thing when it comes to himself.
? He doesn’t deserve it. It’s clear in that moment just how much Sam loves him, and that alone gives Dean the courage to hedge an answer that isn’t a defensive insult.
As usual Sam conks out in the passenger seat, and in an apparent new normal Cas is also out cold, sprawled in the back of Baby. Eileen is sleeping more gracefully, tucked up against the door with Sam’s sweater as a pillow.
“Yeah,” Dean says, trying to hide his sigh. That was a proud day. But also, one of his hardest; seeing his little boy all grown up, thrilled to be dumping his parents and heading off on adventures of his own. They’d only had a couple of weeks between his graduation and his leaving and Ben had been more interested in spending time with his friends than his loser Dad. Not that Dean can blame him.
Cas is watching him warily from the other side of Dean’s desk. They’re in the study, a room Dean’s probably sat in less than a half a dozen times. When they finally arrived home, after the most awkward car journey ever, he led Cas here and sat down behind the desk. He doesn’t want to talk about this in a room he likes. He might never be able to set foot in it again.
His unexpected reply bursts the bubble of tension in the room, a ripple of laughter replacing the shocked whispers.
“Cas!” Dean grabs Cas’s arm as he lifts it back to land yet another punch. “Stop. You’re going to kill him.”
Ash and Charlie are starting to look like they feel sorry for him. Dean’s a second away from bolting when Garth appears at their table. “Hey guys. How’s it going? I hope you all remember our little party tomorrow night?”
lotion, straight down the center of Dean’s naked back. The high-pitched squeal Dean releases drowns out Cas’s laughter, but before Dean gathers his wits enough to complain, Cas is massaging the cream into his skin. His muscles relaxing under the firm pressure of Cas’s clever fingers until Dean is barely more than a puddle of contented goo.
They kiss until Dean’s knees are trembling, his lips bruised and tingling. Until Dean ends up shoved against the kitchen island, the hot line of Cas’ hard-on pressed against his thigh. His own dick is very much on board with the kissing and the shoving.
It’s then of course that Dean notices that while he was asleep his bottle of Jack had slipped from his hand and he and the sofa are now literally steeped in bourbon. Well, that’s classy. Thank God Ben
“It’s fine. Uriel didn’t even touch me yesterday and if he tries anything today, I’ll break his face. I might not want to do this, but I’m not some helpless omega. I can look after myself.”
“Yes, Sam,” Dean says into the telephone, rubbing his forehead. “I’m not saying it again.” He’s already had to repeat himself twice.
Garth is not to be underestimated. He may act like an affable goofball but he’s as tricky and manipulative as they come. Only he does it all with a grin on his face.
“Why should I give her a chance, Cas? She chose to leave. She walked out. Her decision. She doesn’t get to decide now she wants to be a mom.”
Dean’s not sure. But if Crowley salvages Marv’s mess, he thinks he wouldn’t actually mind taking Jason Todd out for another spin.
“Sorry,” Dean says, fingers tangling with Cas’s as he attempts to find a reassuring smile amongst his arsenal. “Long day. I shouldn’t take it out on you two.”
Dean dry swallows a couple of the pain meds, shoves the rest in his pocket and rubs his hand across his face, wiping away the tears of frustration he hadn’t even noticed had spilled over. He’s going to go grab his bag, find his damn car and book it out of here. There’s bound to be a motel nearby that he can crash at until his head stops pounding. Maybe he can find a clinic and ask for more blockers.
“I hate that you’re hurting, Dean, but this, breaking up, it’s the best thing for both of us. You haven’t been happy for a long time.”
“I’m not accusing...” Dean starts to argue before he decides against it. Sam’s right; they need to deal with this shit first. And they need to be on the same side here.
“It does?” Dean says. He can’t say he’s not disappointed. “Maybe we should all sit down together and talk some more?”
When Dean gets home from the gym, muscles aching but ego boosted, Cas is sacked out on the sofa watching It’s a Wonderful Life and looking thoroughly miserable. More miserable than even it’s a Wonderful Life usually warrants.
Dean silently seethes at his patronizing tone. God, the dude is such a self-satisfied douchebag, always looking down his nose at Dean. And, so what if Dean doesn’t have freaking Instagram or Snapbook or whatever else everyone seems to spend so much time staring at their phones for. It’s not because he can’t figure out that shit, it’s because he’s got better things to do with his time. Well, he used to anyway.
“Shower,” Cain says, and even his voice isn’t as steady as it was. “You should go take a cool shower.”
That much, Dean has to concede is true. But, seriously. “Are you telling me your own guys couldn’t do the computer shit she does? With the resources your company has?”
“I think I remember it all? Me crying like a baby? You planning on being a priest? You having a threesome with my wife?”
Dean glances at Cas out of the corner of his eye. The alpha looks beautifully flustered. His tie twisted artfully against his rumpled shirt and his dark hair even more disheveled than normal. “Would you say this was our first date?” Dean grins at Ellen, even flashing her a cheeky wink. “I mean we’ve met before. I’d say this was more like a third date? Is kissing a third date sanctioned activity?”
“And,” Cas says, smoothing his hand over the curve of Dean’s ass. “I know you’re wearing those pretty pink panties, Dean.”
Dean can’t help the goofy smile he gives in return. “And you. Although, I’m not in need of a knight this time around.”
“I’m not the one who started it,” Sam parrots in a truly horrific impression of Dean. “You know that you sound like a four-year-old and not a forty-year-old right now.”
Cas takes a step back and crosses his arms over his chest. “I have not touched your ancient monstrosity of a car.”
Now, with his boyfriend and brother more protective than ever, Dean Winchester wouldn’t be easy to get to. Especially with Alastair’s face on most wanted lists all over the world. But that didn’t mean that Alastair would ever stop trying. Would ever stop manipulating and planning and laying traps. No, the boy and his friends would never know how close Alastair was. Always had been. Always would be.
Cas, slams the knife down on the chopping board. Then the refrigerator door is taking the brunt of his anger, and the poor carrots he grabs from the salad drawer look likely to be his next victim. “He’s a liar, he’s manipulative, and he’s power hungry.”
“I don’t need to do shit with you right now, Lisa,” Dean says, shoving his phone charger in his bag before zipping it shut. “What I need is to get the fuck out of here.”
Dean’s not upset. Not really. Well, maybe he’s a little upset. He knows this is all pretty out of the ordinary but he thought if anyone would be pleased that Dean had finally found a glimmer of hope it would be Charlie.
The guy swears and pushes the mask up so it’s sitting on top of his head. “I said, not so cocky now without your brother and your bodyguard, are you?”
Cas looks over his shoulder at the last of his class, who are now pretending that they aren’t watching with interest. “Dean, perhaps you should calm down before you burst a blood vessel. I don’t think your face is supposed to be that color. It does not look healthy.”
And to Dean’s chagrin there’s talking. Too much damn talking. But then there’s angry sex. And more talking. And make-up sex. And yet more talking. Cas teaches Dean yoga and meditation. Which is of course followed by sex because as Dean warned Cas, teaching him yoga positions while half-naked was never going to end any other way.
Face burning, Dean tries to shrug off Cas’ arm so he can stand up and storm off. Cas is having none of it though. It’s a brief tussle that ends up with Dean flat on his back on the beach, sand crawling down his collar and Cas straddling his thighs, his hands firm on Dean’s chest holding him down.
“Dean, you shouldn’t drive when you’re upset,” Lisa says. “Please just stay. Where are you even going to go at this time of night anyway?”
Of course, Gordon nearly falls, whisky addled and balance shot to hell. Dean grabs the drunken idiot’s arm to steady him. Gordon’s face screws up into an ugly snarl and before Dean has time to clue into what he’s about to do, never mind dodge the blow, Gordon’s throwing a punch. For a drunk guy, he has a powerful right hook, catching Dean square across the jaw. Propelled backwards, Dean trips over a waitress carrying a tray of dirty tumblers, and crashes to the floor in a shower of glass.
“Beautiful,” Dean echoes, before it dawns on him they aren’t talking about the same thing. “What’s beautiful?”
“And he makes a mean gumbo with a little bit of sweet talking,” Garth adds as Benny shakes Dean’s hand. The guy isn’t too much taller than Dean, but his broad shoulders and thick arms make him seem much bigger. His eyes are friendly though, and his smile warm enough to make him appear like more of a cuddly teddy bear than the vicious grizzly Dean would have expected to be in charge of security around here.
“Which is the best time to practice,” Cas tells him. “Don’t worry, I won’t be much longer. Only another hour or two.”
“No way.” It’s bad enough having to suffer through awkward first dates. Dean is not subjecting himself to car crash second dates too. “I’m sorry, Garth, but he really ain’t my type.”
Cas kneels on the bed beside him, runs his fingers through Dean’s hair. “You’ve never done this before, Dean. Never let an alpha knot you. And we don’t want to hurt you.”
“The best for who?” he manages to grit out once the whisky has wet his lips. “Because it sure as hell wasn’t the best for your kids.”
Even Dean’s skin pebbles at the first flash of Batman on screen, his cape fluttering behind him as he stares moodily at the flaming remains of a warehouse. The warehouse where Robin, Jason Todd, lies dead. The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up at the sight of the Joker’s twisted grin and sound of his psychotic laughter echoing through the eerie silence. Then the first beat of music blasts through the hall and the audience is gasping at their first glimpse of the Red Hood in full costume.
He could blame a lot of people. But at the end of the day, as Dean is so keen on telling everyone, he’s a grown man, capable of taking care of himself. The only person to blame for his ignorance is himself.
But, after the studio and test audience had seen Marv’s rough cut, the shit had hit the fan. So, now Dean and Marv are back working together, both trying not to be the one to throw the first punch.
They sit in companionable silence for a few more minutes. Cas drawing Dean tight against him when the cooling air sends shivers through his body. But Dean just has to make sure of something. Not that he’s easy or desperate or anything, but he doesn’t want there to be any room for confusion.
“Couldn’t hurt,” Cas notes, noncommittally. But Dean knows his tells. Knows he’s secretly delighted.
“Your blood pressure is high,” she berates him, as though Dean is pumping the blood through his veins as hard as possible to deliberately annoy her. She folds her hands in her lap and stares at Dean, practically daring him to bullshit her again.
He lies content in Cas’s arms tracing his fingers across the outlines of Cas’s tattoos until he knows he’ll be late if he doesn’t move. Even then it’s a struggle to haul himself out of bed.
“You thought we wouldn’t make a scene in public?” Cas’ calm exterior is crumbling fast, his voice growing louder, his eyes blazing.
Sam huffs out a breath, bull-like, and turns away, his hands flexing by his sides. Dean knows him well enough to tell he needs a few seconds to calm down, reign in his temper. He shoots Mary a warning glare when she opens her mouth to speak.
“I’m sorry. This is my first time at the whole dating thing,” Dean admits. “I’m not sure how it’s supposed to go.”
“We’re going to make you feel so good, Dean,” Cas promises him, between kisses. “And once we’re done, Cain will fuck you long, slow and sweet. He’s going to drive you out of your mind.”
Before Dean can answer in the affirmative he almost headbutts Cas jacking upright in shock when a cold wet nose buries itself in his ear.
“Um…” Meg and Lisa exchange complicated glances, and after some silent communication, it’s Meg who’s nominated to reply. “Twelve years.”
The pre-dawn start is in order to film some shots and shoot stills of Dean and Idris standing against the sunrise. From what Dean sees on the monitors the early morning was worth it. Even just for the minute of footage. The best lighting rig in the world couldn’t replicate the glow.
Dean leans forward, drawn to Cas like a magnet. His lips are just as soft as Dean imagined. Until they aren’t soft at all, they’re insistent. Dean finds himself pushed back into the sofa, Cas kissing him fiercely, his fingers sliding under Dean’s shirt, and pressing into the sensitive flesh he uncovers.
“Four,” Dean says, popping another chocolate brownie into his mouth and making a noise that he’ll admit is too close to orgasmic to make in public. God, he seriously needs to find out who does all the baking in this place and marry them straight away.
Dean doesn’t want to point out that Ellen and Garth were the ones who set him up with Crowley in the first place but his expression must say it all.
“Sam, look at you... so tall,” she says. She’s not tall, not like Dean remembers. She must barely come up to Dean’s shoulder. She shifts on her chair, like she’s about to jump up and walk around the table towards them, but stops dead when Dean takes a defensive step back.
Three weeks and another seven disastrous dates later, Ellen and Garth make Dean sift through all his paperwork again in an effort to figure out why not one of the alphas so far has been close to compatible for him. Dean is adamant that he was honest the first time around. He really doesn’t think it’s his fault the dates have all been a bust.
“We tried to stop ourselves. We broke things off more than once. Dean,” Lisa says, turning to face him fully. “It’s not that I don’t love you, I do, but I’m not
He goes straight to his room, avoiding everyone, sits down on his bed and lets his head fall into hands.
Unfortunately, Uriel decides now is the time to remember Dean exists. “If you leave now, Dean, you’re walking into a life of sin and depravity.” He warns. “Your relationship will never be accepted by the church.”
playing games,” Cas says, thoughtfully. “Anonymous emails? Professional level stalking skills? I wonder if Alastair was behind them? This could certainly have been part of whatever sick game he was back to play.”
“I’m not a virgin,” Dean hisses, eye’s flitting around to see how many people heard that, most of the dining room by the sniggering side-glances he’s getting. “I’ve slept with plenty of people, okay.”
His bluff must be reasonably convincing because Cas only hesitates for a second before he’s slicking himself up with lotion and climbing back on the lounger between Dean’s legs.
“Benny,” Gordon scoffs. “Thinking with his damn dick. S’not okay to hit on gym members, he’s the one told me that.”
Dean wastes five more minutes wallowing in self-pity before he finally gets up off the floor. He does feel better after showering, and cleaning his teeth, and he’s definitely less likely to knock anyone out with his pungent smell. With his clothes scattered across the room, from the wardrobe to his bag and across the bed, Dean doesn’t bother searching for anything smart to wear. He grabs his comfortable jeans, the ones he’s worn so often they’re ripped across the knees and worn thin at his thighs, a tee-shirt with faded writing across the front and his cleanest and softest flannel shirt. Socks and boots and he’s done. And looking and feeling more like himself than he has before any other meet and greet and he’s done. And likely the opposite picture of what any alpha is looking for in an omega.
Dean takes two deep breaths before opening his eyes and lifting his head. Around him the sound stage bursts to life, the heavy silence of his drawn-out death quickly buried below the commotions of the crew rushing to lunch.
Uriel shoves Dean against the wall, his head crashing against the solid stonework hard enough to leave him dazed. Uriel shakes his shoulders, bouncing his head off the wall again for good measure. “Behave little O or I won’t be the only alpha knotting your virgin cunt tonight.”
It takes a supreme effort for Dean to focus on Cain’s words. His fingers curl around his dick as he blinks up at the three naked alphas staring down at him. God, they’re gorgeous. From Cas’ paler skin to the dark tan of Benny, from Cain’s thick grey-haired chest to the sharp cut of Cas’ hips, from Benny’s dark treasure trail to Cain’s thickly muscled thighs. Dean wants to get his mouth on each of them so badly he’s in danger of drooling.
Lisa lets out a surprised puff of air, and then bites at her lip, her professional mask slipping completely. “I’m not trying to cheat you out of anything you’re entitled to but I won’t lose the business, Dean. I know you helped out at the start, hell, you were the face of the business for the first few years, but Meg and I have spent too long and invested too much time and energy to break it up to pay off you and Castiel. I know we’re the ones to blame for this whole mess, but—“
“Did you think Dean’s name would help you land roles?” Sam asks. “Or that this scandal would make you famous?”
Witnessing Cas like this is nothing short of a revelation. Dean knew the alpha was secretly a badass after their run-in with Abaddon and her henchmen, but actually seeing him radiating with the power of his anger, watching Uriel blanch under the weight of his glare, well, to be honest… it’s a huge turn on.
Dean wants to tell her that adding off and on to every sentence isn’t helping at all. The words seem to get stuck in his throat though.
Dean takes his time showering, letting the hot water ease the ache in his muscles and the steam clear away the foggy remains of his headache. He must have landed heavily or at a weird angle when he hit the deck the night before because his spine and neck hurt more than his jaw or the small lump on his head. What would be really good is a back rub. Strong fingers digging into his muscles easing out the knots. He bets Cas could give awesome massages.
Dean knows why Sam arranged to meet their mother here. Knows he wants familiar and safe for the pair of them. The only problem is that if this all goes to shit, this place risks being tarnished forever, and man, Dean’s going to miss the burgers. Not as much as he’ll miss the people though.
“I guess,” Sam says. Dean watches Sam’s reflection in the glass. Tries not to remember his strapping little brother as a weepy-eyed kid asking Dean why they didn’t have a mom. Everyone else does, Dean. Why don’t we. Didn’t she love us. Did we do something bad? I don’t know, Sammy, Dean remembers snapping because he didn’t know. But he thought, that maybe yes, maybe he had done something bad. Made her want to leave.
Bracing his hands on top of the wall, and feeling Cas’s eyes on him, he attempts to pull himself up in one go. Halfway up, he lets out a prolonged grunt as he tries to heave his body up the rest of the way. Three seconds later, his arm muscles are about ready to snap in two. Damn it- he should have practiced this before trying to show off.
Dean complies wordlessly. He lets Castiel lead him around the store, first to the medical supplies section then through the maze of parallel shelves. He lets Castiel add random things to the small basket which has magically materialized in his hand. He watches him reach up to grab an ointment from a shelf, muttering something about preventing infection. He waits idly by Castiel’s side when he stops to examine two different types of smoothies in one fridge. He doesn’t protest as he notices Castiel slipping a bottle of vitamins into the basket. When Dean slows his pace to take in the smell of the pies on display, Castiel does the same and lays a hand on a peach pie to tuck it in safely with the rest of the groceries.
“I- I still believe in the things I said that day. They need to be caught and punished.” He hesitates. “But not by me.”
Dean is tempted to order Garth and Bobby to slow down the third week when he notices them fix a door to one of the cabins, a sense of quiet anguish brewing inside him.
Even by the time they finish their indoors excursion, and Dean has snapped out of his daze, the roadside Gas-n-Sip remains deserted, save for a benevolent shopkeeper and a heavy-eyed hunter trailing beside him.
Leaning on his elbow by the carefully hand-picked items, Dean returns in the same vein, “Something tells me I’m gonna need more than just one.”
“Well, I told you I’m a preacher,” Cas starts helpfully. “So was my father. He taught me how to read with the Bible. Taught me how to ride too.” His brows furrow. “Although not very well.”
When he turns back to Cas, he realizes that whatever moment transpired between them is over. Cas’s crease between his brows is back and he looks ready for battle again.
It was a short walk back to the Impala, more tiring in the sandy stairs Dean had to climb to reach it than in its actual distance to the beach.
By the car, Dean lays his hand on the warming hood of the Impala, while Castiel hovers by his side, holding Dean’s shopping bag in one hand even though he doesn’t have to. When Dean thinks about it, Cas didn’t have to anything he did tonight. Helping him find what he needed, offering his opinion on different kinds of antiseptics and bandages, and even walking him back to the car. A simple apology would have sufficed. Maybe Dean should tell him.
He plops down at Dean’s side. Dean watches him shift for a full minute before settling on a final position.
Their pace was slowing down but Dean wasn’t too worried. Despite the river hassle, they’d dealt with it surprisingly quick once Cas had given the go ahead. Everybody had rolled up their sleeves, grabbed the closest bag, horse or kid, and wet their feet without hesitation.
Arriving late into town, they took a few minutes to book a room at the only motel they could find, a surprisingly fresh looking sort of building called The Eclipse, changed into their FBI suits and set off on the road again towards the murder scene, this time by foot. Reaching their destination, a small park containing the ‘Squarest Rock in All of Kansas’, their suspicions were soon confirmed by a police officer guarding two chalk outlines. Despite his clear suspicion at two federal agents in a small town like this, followed by some reluctance to provide them with more details on the case, he’d finally confirmed that the two corpses had in fact been found drained of their blood. But apart from that, nothing else had jumped out at the scene and both brothers saw no point in wasting any more time there.
“Dad’s been dead for years, Dean,” Sam breathes, words stripped of any previous combativeness. “We don’t have to follow his orders anymore.”
“How...” he starts, but his mind goes off-track, lost in awe at the tinned treasure within his palms. Mouth dry, he tears his eyes away and looks up to the other object of his devotion. “Where’d you even get this? I thought all we had was peaches and peaches and peaches.”
But tonight, Castiel couldn’t blame his inability to return to blissful darkness on the crickets, as much as he would have liked to. No, tonight, the problem had to do with the
Though Dean must have heard his approach, he didn’t turn. Castiel was struck with the temptation to lace his arms around him from behind, but bravely resisted it, instead planting himself at Dean’s side, shoulders not quite touching.
“What?” It’s the only word he knows at this point. “After what you said about not letting bad people get away with doing bad things? And you needing to do this?”
Dean is silent, trying to size Cas up. What kind of man jumps into troubled waters and walks up to strangers? A reckless one would be his guess.
Cas smiles warmly at him and says, “I’m glad. I would have hated to carry that weight for the rest of my life.” Dean offers him a smile back. “And it was nothing,” Castiel assures him, shaking his head, “I enjoyed helping you.”
Cas cocks his head in a familiar tilt before his eyes widen in silent understanding. “Oh. Behind me. There’s some loose stones.”
“It’s for my brother,” Dean tells him, unsure of why he feels the need to say it.  But now that he has, he wants to say more. “He’s one of those healthy living nutjobs,” he explains, waving his arms disapprovingly. “Eliminating carbs, eating avocadoes and all that.”
Cas fiddles with his fingers, and folds his palms together before tucking them between his knees. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you.”
Dean flushes and sends him a betrayed look. Maybe he can save the piss-drunk Dean stories for when Cas isn’t around.
From the way her words hang, it’s clear she’s expecting some kind of answer from him, despite her obvious efforts to avoid his gaze and her eyes remaining stubbornly fixed on some distant point to her left.
Dean is just as dumbfounded. Handsome, shirtless strangers don’t usually wander out of his fantasies. Especially ones with gorgeous blue eyes and messy wet curls.
“Did I ever tell you about the time with little Miss Jody back in ol’ Silverton?” Bobby half-slurs, following another swing of whiskey which ends with the jug getting slammed back onto the ground. The flush on his cheeks is hard to miss, made more crimson by the glowing fire, and he’s shouting instead of talking, plastering an amused smile on Dean’s face.
Dean plowed on to make himself clearer. “What do you want?” he failed to ask coolly. “I mean... is this okay for you? Hunting? You know, staying with us instead of going back to Heaven,” he said, nodding his head upwards. “We need to know... I mean,
Still stretched on a towel, Dean watched Sam pick up half-buried bottles from the sand and stuff them in their bag while he played with a stray thread.
Like the brave man he is, Dean keeps a precautionary distance from Cas throughout most of the night. He hangs around Bobby and a few others instead, half-listening to old cowboy legends and exaggerated tales of damsels in distress.
With a sigh, he heaves himself off the fallen trunk, feeling a strange pang of affection for the resting chunk of wood, having spent the remainder of the afternoon sharing it with Cas, once the other had come to terms with the stark realization that he wasn’t cut out for the fine art of fishing. The one catch he’d managed had been a minuscule catfish, four or so inches too short to be worth it. Dean had felt Cas’s relief when they’d let it go and watched it swim back to its merry life and fish family.
It takes him a few belated seconds to realize he’s still holding Cas’s wrist. He lets go, but not before giving it an awkward squeeze.
Feeling slightly grateful, Dean puffs out and addresses Cas, “Trust me, the next day was even more fun. Had to dig up her dumb dog from the backyard. With the worst hangover I’ve ever had to this day.”
“You’ll be fine without us, kiddo. I’ve seen you handle that Colt.” When that doesn’t appear to work, he adds, “Plus, anyone who tries to get you will have to go through Kaia’s knife first."
“Take care, Dean,” repeats Cas gently. He grips the side of the open door. “Don’t fall asleep at the wheel,” he adds seriously.
Soft neon lights paint Dean’s cheeks, concealing traces of fatigue and worry. Dean starts towards the gas station entrance. Apart from the drag of boots on gravel, all is quiet. It’s too early for office-goers and too late for the chirp of crickets.
“I couldn’t let you boys handle all this on your own,” Bobby huffs out. “A big job like this, you needed all the help you could get.”
Dean grinned, recalling the night Cas had made his dramatic entrance into the barn, only this time, he was half-naked and his eternal trench coat was nowhere to be seen. Maybe Sam had a point.
A few seconds later, Sam joined his side. Unlike Dean, he had gone for something a bit more original. His swim shorts showed small printed palm trees, and around them, a clear blue backcloth, echoing the sky above them. It was strange to see him wearing something else than plaid and flannel, but Dean liked it. It was another reminder that they weren't here for a hunt.
Confusion spreads inside Dean. Even as he racks his brain over memories of the past few days, he can’t think of a moment when he’s stringed the words Cas and disappointment together.
The lyrics he heard back in the barn aren’t coming to him. The dizzy afternoon heat and the scent of dying candles are all he remembers. And the bewitched, vacant expressions of those chanting. Yet his fingers don’t pause.
At least Sam had woken up and been conscious enough to call him to ask where he’d gone. They had been through a lot worse. Sam’s been through a lot worse, he tells himself.
At once, Castiel twisted his head slightly to bury a kiss into his hair. Did it also smell of cherries or was he imagining things?
Cas’s frown deepens. The subject had been safely buried since first brought up, after it had led their talk to take a sour turn. Dean had happily let it rest and focused on what mattered the most instead. Guiding their groups to safety. Keeping them alive. He hadn’t forgotten, just shoved it at the back of his mind until now.
“Alright, you win.” Sam grins broadly. “But I’m warning you, one wrong move from him and I’m not firing any warning shots.
Dean quickly scans the name tag pinned onto the other man’s uniform. “Look, uh, Castiel? I’m sorry. But I’m good. I’m fine.”
