“You need my assistance?” she smirked as she sat down in her armchair by the window. Sherlock cleared his throat.
“I just have this nagging feeling in the back of my mind that something is going to happen,” he mumbled. “We’ve been trying to hunt you down for a week, and Sherlock’s getting frustrated. I just think he might do something stupid.”
They landed on the outskirts of the city by a small farm. Owl let John down carefully before getting on the ground herself. He almost had trouble standing. The adrenaline was almost gone, which meant the pain was overwhelming. He could feel blood running down his back, and he was beginning to feel lightheaded.
“Tell me what to do,” Sherlock continued his frantic search. “I don’t know what to do, John, please, just don’t you leave me again, just tell me how to save you.”
She plucked a loose feather and let it float to the floor. She checked the bandages and told him she’d have to change them within the next few hours before she left him to his misery.
He started trying to convince Owl to at least let him have his sniper rifle back. She was not happy about it, but complied when he told her he only wanted to do some maintenance on it after all these years. It didn’t take long before he held his old favourite weapon in his hands. He’d had a few of them, but this one had been his best one by far. The metal was decorated with kill counts, one line per kill, and small drawings from when he waited for a target. The familiar weight made his broken heart warmer.
“Fine! Jesus, just give me some space,” John glared at her, ignoring her happy squeal. She let go of him and took a couple of steps back. He grabbed the hem of the jumper and pulled it quickly over his head, letting the fabric fall to the floor.
“I can wait for Lestrade, if you want to go to the hospital,” Molly smiled and watched as Sherlock hailed a cab and almost threw himself into it the moment it stopped. He needed John. He couldn’t live without him.
“I don’t like to rat out my friends, doctor,” Irene got up from the chair and walked over to the window. She paused for a second. “But I do hear rooftops is one of the places people see her the most. She enjoys the best views of the city.”
“Maybe?” The detective brushed his lips over his cheek, making John shiver with anticipation. He closed his eyes as Sherlock’s tongue flickered over his parted lips. John stretched his neck to get a better angle, letting a hand slide into dark hair. The movement made his chest ache painfully and he let out a small hiss. Sherlock stopped immediately. “Are you okay?”
“You missed,” he whispered. John stared at him, confused until he finally understood what he meant. He smirked and held the man’s head in his hands before leaning down.
“How does it feel?” Owl shouted as she flew up beside him. He grinned at her, feeling his eyes burning from the sharp wind.
“No worries. You need them more than I do, anyways,” Owl yawned. “Okay, I need to get going. I’ll see you tonight, John?”
“It says they have wing tattoos on their backs. Not angel wings, but extremely detailed birdwings. Someone saw them once, just briefly, but it was like watching real wings folded against their backs. One has the wings of a great horned owl, the other of a red-tailed hawk, which earned them their names Owl and Hawk. How original.”
By the time John got back to the farmhouse, he was bawling like a child. He threw the fire arm to the ground and almost collapsed when his feet hit the ground as he landed. He ended up sprawled over the steps to the porch, crying as his heart felt broken once more. He didn’t even hear Owl landing beside him, and only noticed her when she pulled him into a tight embrace, shushing him softly. He hadn’t had this type of episode for a while.
“That’s something you’ll have to figure out,” John smiled and rushed down the stairs. He stepped out onto the pavement outside the flat. Sherlock came to a stop beside him.
“Sherlock?” A soft mumble came from the bed. Sherlock froze, watching the other man carefully, hoping he’d go back to sleep. He made a decision, quickly bending over to place a kiss on John’s cheek.
“Well, you are stupid,” he raised an eyebrow at the man. “Why would they kill their drug dealer? They didn’t have a reason to kill him, therefore it couldn’t have been them.”
“Are you always like that?” she asked and looked to John for confirmation. John shrugged and winked at her.
“Oh, you’re adorable,” the dominatrix laughed and ruffled his hair, making John growl and pull away from her. “Are they working properly?” She grinned at him.
“Okay, see you in a minute,” she hung up, and not a moment later, there was a tap on the window. John got up and hurried over to open up for the assassin. Sherlock stared at her with wide eyes.
His last hope was out the window the moment Sherlock had said it. A tattoo. Like the one on his back. The one that had been there for as long as he could remember. The wings. It was surprising Sherlock hadn’t noticed them yet, really.
“Would be nice to sleep on my back again,” he sighed and walked past her into the living room. He sat down on what had become his favourite piece of furniture, the footstool, and let his wings rest on the floor.
“I don’t feel too good,” he stumbled a few steps forward before Owl grabbed him and lead him towards one of the bigger buildings. It was probably the main house.
“You’re jumpier than normal,” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John who suddenly felt his tattoos burn. “And you seem more… distant.”
Owl sighed and sat down cross-legged in front of him on the floor. She held his hand tightly in her own.
“Great! Could you send me that name?” Lestrade fished his phone out of his pocket and gave her his number.
They continued over to the body after telling the officer to leave the kids alone. He had been a bit reluctant, but complied in the end. The first thing that struck John was how clean the shot was. It had been a while since he’d seen anything like it. It would be difficult to steer the consulting detective in the wrong direction, but he had to try. He would do anything to be able to spend more time with his friend, even if that thing ended up making them wind up on a wild goose chase.
It was the first of many “stupid mistakes” that would end up making Sherlock even more suspicious of him than before. He could always tell him it was because of a virus, and that he wasn’t feeling well, but in the end, Sherlock knew him well enough to know when he was lying or hiding something.
John nodded and made his descend towards the ground again. He could have stayed up there forever, but his muscles were already screaming at him for a break.
"Do you have something?" John asked, looking at me with bright-eyed expectation. He was waiting to be awed. He was waiting for me to be extraordinary.
Sherrinford came to me fully formed--her physical appearance, personality, and character arc within the story were all provided for by the Muse without me having to think about it. The second thing my lovely Muse provided without effort on my part was this bit of dialogue between Sherrinford and John in Chapter 3:
. Once in my room, however, I become abruptly aware of what is about to transpire between us. One of us (presumably John) will be preparing the other (me, in this iteration) for anal sex. At least one—probably two, though no more than three (or four?)—fantasies I've had about my flatmate and object of my adoration will occur.
"Whatever you want, the answer is no," John said, and hung up before he could ask something stupid. Like,
Sherlock groaned deeply, eyes drifting shut. He widened his stance, rotating his hips and grinding his fat erection against John's welcome thigh. He gasped and spoke, voice raspy, "That should not be allowed
"Jenny put the two of you in the Apple Suite," Violet says quickly, stepping into John's space, and the slender woman standing behind Violet waves at John and then hugs Sherlock tightly. "Why don't you take John up there now so he can get settled in and then the two of you can come down and join us in the sitting room?"
I make sure my med kit is in reach and then climb out of the back and attach the harness we normally use for rescuing sheep to the carabiner hooks on the end of the winch cable. The harness, winch motor, and the cable itself are all constructed and guaranteed to hold up to four hundred pounds—in other words, constructed to haul up a big man holding onto a fatly pregnant ewe without overtaxing the motor or the leather harness breaking. I'd guess my damsel in distress is about a hundred eighty or ninety pounds. Turning on the winch motor, I feed out enough of the cable so that the harness will reach the idiot stuck in the burn and then I turn it off, follow the line and lean over the side until I see him.
The time stamp was three minutes ago. Sherlock hadn't felt the vibration because he was too busy pretending to look for it.
John gave him a look of incomprehension and scoffed. Then his face settled into a tight mask of disapproval. He said in his quiet, dangerous voice, "Then Stop. Leaving. Me. Behind."
"Can I get you anything?" she asked, gesturing to the Keurig discreetly tucked on a shelf to the left of her desk. She was nervous, too, Sherlock realized. It made him feel oddly tender towards her.
(surely, I'll take issue with him about that as soon as my arse isn't full of his dick) and I'm dragging in grating gasps
"Jimmy Dawson'll give us a ride back if it does," Eurus says. When John glances at her, he sees her blushing, which means Sherlock doesn't miss it either.
"Something like that," she answered, doing a complicated shrug with her shoulders, one hand and her eyebrows that made him bite back a laugh.
"So, you've said many times, doctor. My birthday is in April, just in case you want to compensate me for my awesomeness," she laughed, white teeth flashing against her dark skin.
"Oh, Sherlock," John said, brushing his hair back from his face. He bent down to look into Sherlock's eyes. "Do you trust me?"
In my life, I've been damn good at letting go. I joined the army straight out of school because it was the only way to pay for my university education and medical degree. I became a doctor within the spartan framework of the military. In the army, you learn how to let go whether it's letting go of possessions or people or letting go of one home to move to another one. As a doctor, I learned to let go of patients when there was nothing else I could do for them. As a farmer, I learned to let go of the sheep I'd raised from birth when they had to go off to slaughter. Not only was I good at letting go, I was good at training myself not to want something I couldn't keep in the first place.
Sherlock had practiced many times how, and where, and when he would explain Audrey Marie Havisham-Holmes to John. Words like
, as Sherlock accused yesterday. The room is three times as large as their own sitting room with ceilings that reach twenty feet. Other than that, though, it might as well be
The flat had always been cluttered, maybe slightly untidy depending on whether they had a case on, when house cleaning fell by the wayside. But it had never looked like
I feel John's body right in front of mine, and my skin and bones strain towards him, but I keep them back by force of will. My hands remain resolutely over my eyes, but when John's hands close around mine, I'm unwilling to deny him. He pulls them gently away. I open my eyes reflexively and see John's wry smile.
I reached for him again, and this time he did not try to move away from me. I wrapped my arms around him and my hands couldn't help themselves—they roved over his back, one going up to cup his neck and the other going down to press against the dip of his spine right above the curve of his buttocks. I used both hands to bring us flush against each other.
By contrast, "In the Mid-Midwinter" claims "the light comes back/the light always comes back." It's a retort, of sorts, to Donne's poem. No matter how bleak the darkest night, light is on the horizon. In the "meanwhile, there will be the winter moon for us to love the longest."
"Oh, really?" Sherlock asks, wiggling his eyebrows seductively, like John's flirting with him instead of threatening to take him down.
Sherlock nodded, eyes on the floor. "I don't want to lob blame, Audrey, but I told you then that if you wanted a—"
"Don't talk," I snap. "Can you feel your hands? Shake your head yes or no." He shakes his head and I nod grimly. That's what I'd expected to hear. "I need to get you out of these wet clothes as quickly as possible and wrapped in blankets before we do anything else. The nearest hospital is over an hour away, but my house is just along that road there. I'm a doctor. I'll take you to my house and get you stabilized, then if I think you need anything I can't provide, I'll drive you to the hospital. On that, my word is law, clear?"
If they survived the cab ride without their separate anxieties overwhelming their desire, there would be the always delicate task of determining who should pay for the cab. Sherlock had the habit of springing out of a cab and leaving whoever was behind to pay the cab driver, which was due to forgetting practical things. Sherlock decided he would pay the cab the second they pulled up in front of the flat. That decided, Sherlock moved on to the next issue—Toby.
Once they've eased into their chairs, and have a drink in their hand, that silent, serene camaraderie John usually experiences with Sherlock spreads from Will to John. Thirty minutes pass this way before John thinks to check on everyone else. He sends a quick text to Sherlock asking where they are. When the text isn't promptly answered, John puts his phone away and swallows the rest of his whiskey.
. He'd attempted to phrase this question in his mind numerous times, looking for the one that sounded the least pathetic, but now faced with the opportunity to speak, all his practice abruptly fled.
Violet abruptly looks sheepish. Then she smiles gently and takes his face in her hands. "My darling boy, you and my son have never been
Sherlock's lips cup John's top lip, letting the delicate skin catch and pull as he moves his head so that he can do the same to John's bottom lip. John's hands rest lightly on Sherlock's chest, just below his shoulders. When Sherlock's tongue peeks out of his mouth and starts to take little licking tastes of John's mouth, John's fingers dig into Sherlock's shoulders. Then Sherlock presses his open mouth against John's, tongue pushing into John's mouth, kissing him in earnest. His arms wrap around John and draw him closer, tighter, pressing them chest to chest. John rises up slightly on his knees to meet him and finds himself rubbing his hardening cock against Sherlock's belly. His hands slide into that mess of inky-auburn curls, gripping and pulling and plowing furrows through it. Sounds begin pouring out of John and Sherlock swallows them—gasps and moans and throaty, achy whimpers.
They exchanged numbers and John left him at the flat he shared with two other blokes. Back in his bedsit, John stepped into the shower, where a sudden fit of sorrow overtook him. What the hell was he doing fucking kids in alleys? John had a few one night stands under his belt, but those were handjobs or sucking cock, not full on anal sex in a fucking alley.
were adamant you were straight. We all know that's a lie, don't we? Except poor Sherlock, of course, who stopped trusting his observations of you after hearing you say
"Yes, exactly!" Sherlock said, eyes lighting up. "Grab her and go somewhere, I don't care where, just don't come back until I tell you it's safe to do so."
"Don't remind me. I'm consistently stuck between working man resentment and spoiled brat." John laughed hard at that, his face and shoulders scrunching up charmingly. "Anyway," Sherlock continued, raising his voice over John's laughter, unable to stop from grinning at the joy on John's face. He couldn't help but blurt out, "God, you really are just
John hadn't expected to receive any gifts from the Holmeses so he's surprised and deeply pleased when Charysa hands him a large package, rectangular shaped and heavy.
Already walking away, John gasps a breath, just enough to speak his next words. "I'm leaving." Then he's running again, only this time towards the house, praying the Holmeses are too involved in their Christmas Eve festivities to notice John flee. John's plan is to pack his bag and run without notice, without explanation, all the way back to London where he hopefully has at least Christmas Day to be alone and plan where to go from here.
After that, Sherlock spent a solid nine days in a fit of either anger or petulance. As a result,  John began spending more time at his own flat, and Sherlock felt guilty. He wanted to be contrite, and check his behavior, but he only got angrier.
daft bugger has the grace of a sheep or his right ankle is busted because every time he tries to get his feet against the side of berm, he flinches and puts his weight onto his left foot, which then slides in the mud without the counterweight of his right foot and sends him flailing.
had given him the advantage when it came to sussing out other boys who were gay and therefore equally invested in secrecy. Sherlock had great confidence in his good looks as well. He'd never undergone an awkward period in adolescence, much to his brother's resentment. He was tall, had always been lean; as he grew older, his face gradually lost its babyish sweetness while his lanky limbs grew long muscles and his body became wiry and strong. That gradual changing kept him from ever looking like a gawky teenager.
When the show was over, Sherlock saw John pick up the TV remote and push the off button. Then he turned to face Sherlock and said, "Tell me about your mother."
"Besides," Sherlock added, head tilted playfully. "You're not my date, right? That's what you told Angelo."
I held my forearms together above my head to show him how I wanted his arms placed. He raised his arms up, wrists together, and I buckled on the leather cuffs. I folded a length of rope in half around the chain between the cuffs, then guided the free ends through the loop made by the folded edge. Before I tied the rope to the headboard, I guided him carefully down onto his elbows. The position forced John to keep his knees up in the middle of the bed or risk losing the leverage his elbows provided.
Who was he kidding? Sherlock didn’t need him. He was useless. He just stated the obvious and trailed after the guy with the plan. He would make John go to jail for sure if he ever found out. “
He didn’t move. He couldn’t move. He was afraid that if he did, he’d fall apart entirely. John had come back to him only to be dragged away again.
A couple of days had passed, and Sherlock was losing his mind. He’d been allowed to go back home to Baker Street, but because of the case, John was either out roaming the streets, or asleep, which meant they never really saw each other. The assassin didn’t seem to mind, probably too caught up in the case to do anything else, and Sherlock was stuck in the flat. He’d tried to sneak out once, but John had found out and let him hear it. Sherlock knew he was just worried, but he really wanted to help. He’d be useless sitting at home doing nothing.
“I should, but I’m not sure if I will,” he sighed and started to play with the feather he’s plucked. “There’s too much risk trying to train them at Baker Street. Sherlock could notice, and I really don’t want to find out what would happen if he saw them. I don’t think I could handle him hating me for all the things I’ve done.”
Mycroft sighed, and for a moment John saw how tired the man actually was. It was unusual to see him like this, and it made John feel uneasy. Something was wrong. There was no other explanation for why Mycroft would ever visit him like this.
“You know you just confessed to murder, right?” the detective inspector continued to aim at John. He seemed more anxious than ever.
“My pleasure. Now, I’ve been dying to know what your wings look like,” she grabbed John’s arm and dragged him to his feet.
“Tell him,” Irene crouched down in front of him. “The worst that could happen is that he rejects you. You should probably do it before he finds out about your old occupation, though.”
They had been a team. The two of them against the world. Then it ended. John changed his view on killing people for money, while she continued their work. When John signed up to join the fight in Afghanistan, his sister went off radar.
“Just don’t do it again, and we’re good,” John smiled, tugging gently at the hair. “Now, tell me about your case. It must’ve been a difficult one if you ended up in the hospital because of it.”
“Jim?” a voice called. Jim grinned and turned to look at the person coming up behind him. He folded his wings quickly, stepping off the edge.
“Maybe they did?” Sherlock stated, earning a surprised choking sound from John. The consulting detective didn't seem to notice, thankfully.
“I’m planning on talking to him as soon as he’s back tonight,” he said and leaned back in the chair.
he found out,” he corrected himself. The only thing he could do was delay the inevitable. He had to make sure it would take longer, if only to be able to spend more time with his best friend before either being caught or fleeing.
A memory broke through the blackness. Pain like nothing else. He’d felt it before, once, but this time he was suffocating. He couldn’t breathe. He needed to breathe. He needed oxygen, but his lungs wouldn’t let him have it. They wouldn’t cooperate. He could try as much as he wanted to, but they wouldn’t expand. The pressure in his chest wouldn’t stop. He needed it to stop so he could inhale.
“You keep tugging at your jumpers, acting uncomfortable, being distant,” Sherlock continued to stare at him. “Making mistakes that are very unusual for you, John. So, I ask you, since you’ve clearly gained a few pounds the last year; is this because of your weight.”
He moved slowly up the stairs and opened the door to the living room. He tried to figure out where the detective could be. He was not in his chair, at least. He moved further into the room. Not in the kitchen either. He turned around and almost expected Sherlock to be standing directly behind him, but instead, the man was laying in a heap on the couch with an arm covering his eyes. Thank God he wasn’t awake. Or maybe he was?
“Shut up,” he said sharply, finally stepping off the guy. He pushed the goggles up to his forehead before checking the gun strapped to his thigh. “Why the hell don’t you ever listen to me, huh?” he spun around to face Sherlock. “I’m okay with a lot of your ideas, but this? Why the
John rolled his shoulders, squinting slightly at the sting, before stretching the wings out as far as they could go. They were bigger than he remembered. The gorgeous white and red feathers on the inside of his wings gleamed in the light. They really needed some preening, that was obvious. He plucked a loose feather and tried to beat his wings a couple of times.
He slowly sat down on the floor, still holding the jumper tightly against him, like it was a lifeline. He could hear Mrs. Hudson lower her arm and walk closer to him.
He closed his eyes, breathing in a lungful of air before staring down at the slight slope in the field. It was perfect for a running start.
“Just stay away from the skin, please,” John said and turned around again. Sherlock didn’t waste a single moment and started to check the wings over, feeling the bones underneath.  He ran his fingers through the feathers earning a low groan from John. He noticed one of them were pointing at an odd angle.
“I’ve already told you I’d tell you when this case is over,” he said as he went to grab his own jacket. “I won’t tell you unless you solve this thing.”
Lestrade shook his head. “We had our best men on that case. They did figure out that there were more than one killer, and that they were known as the Birds of Prey. They never figured out why they were called this in the criminal world, but they had a hypothesis that it was because of the angle on the bullet the victims were hit by. I have the files here if you want them.”
“Sounds like a plan,” he grinned before turning to Owl, who almost looked like someone had slapped her right across the face. “Are you okay with it, miss?”
“I’m aware. There’s a reason I’m a bit scared to unfold them,” John mumbled and took a deep breath, preparing for the next part. He knew how painful it could be after only a month of not unfolding them, but almost ten years, and a gunshot wound? That’s something else, entirely.
“Get up, John, if that’s even your name,” Sherlock sneered. John slowly got to his feet and turned to face the detective. The man was holding his phone up to his ear, making what was left of John’s heart drop, leaving an empty feeling in his chest. “Lestrade, bring some of your less incompetent officers and come to Baker Street. I’ve got one of the birds.”
In the military, John had been called a guardian angel. The nickname was fitting if you saw his back. If someone asked how he got his tattoos, he would tell them it was a drunken night some years ago. That was also a lie. He got them when he was just a newborn baby at a lab somewhere he couldn't remember, where he was raised together with his sister. They weren't related by blood. He had a biological sister, too, but he hadn't contacted her before later in his life.
Sherlock and John entered the crime scene as one of the boys cried out in anger at the statements of the investigators. John already knew who was responsible for the dead man on the ground.
“Of course, it is, John,” she giggled. “Why else would he do this to himself? He was never this bad, even before he met you. I’m afraid he’ll collapse if he doesn’t take a break soon. Oh, John, he misses you terribly.”
“That night when you…” John paused and looked down at his hands. “Kissed me, I’d been talking to Irene while you were with Mycroft. She made me realise a few things. Safe to say that when you kissed me, I was thrilled. I’d been stressed out the entire week because of the assassins’ case, and for once I thought I could just relax, and that if you found out my secret, it wouldn’t matter. Until, of course, you tripped me to the floor and pointed a gun in my face,” John looked up again, meeting his eyes. “I felt betrayed, hurt, heartbroken, scared and just empty, and I figured you wouldn’t want me around after all that, so I thought it was best to just leave. I couldn’t bear to meet Lestrade after that incident, which made me jump out of the window,” John crossed his arms and held his gaze. “But then I started thinking. It didn’t seem like you to miss an opportunity to have your very own assassin to accompany you on your cases. So that leaves the question, Sherlock Holmes, why the hell did you call Lestrade?”
Sherlock’s world was crumbling. He didn’t know John’s feelings were that strong. He’d thought it was only an attraction, nothing more. When he thought about it, it made sense. Not only that, but he realised the feeling was mutual.
“No, they’re fine,” John said quickly. “It’s just that I got shot in the shoulder a few years back, and I haven’t used my wings since I saw you last time.”
“Of course, it was me,” the assassin never took his sight off Lestrade, calculating the man’s every move.
“If you could stop talking, that would help,” he shut his eyes again. John was having none of it, however.
He walked over to the reception desk and asked to use the phone. The lady smiled at him and let him use it. He called Lestrade, and asked if he could pick up Sherlock’s phone from his flat, before getting to the hospital. The detective inspector got there quickly enough, and they went to the ER together. They sat in silence as they waited for any news concerning the detective.
“Shut up!” John roared and turned to be able to meet his eyes. “You don’t get to say anything. This is my decision, not yours. I’m doing this for you, don’t you see that?” tears started to roll down his cheeks. He continued in a whisper. “I love you, you moron.”
He pulled out his now charged phone and dialled the number. He didn’t have to wait long before someone answered.
Four weeks after the Sherlock-incident he was finally able to start combat training. The wounds on his back weren’t entirely healed, but they were ready enough to begin target practice with his sniper rifle. He was a little rusty, but it didn’t take long before he got perfect hits. He continued his training over the next few weeks before Owl said he’s allowed to start working out. He ran as much as he could, delighted that he could finally get out of that dreaded house. He worked on his upper body muscles, especially his shoulders, back and chest. He also kept moving his wings as often as he could, only to keep them ready for eventual flying.
“No combat training either. At least four weeks of rest before I let you anywhere near a gun,” she finished up dressing his wounds and picked up the tray from earlier. “And here I thought you were a doctor.”
They continued their talk until John was standing outside the flat. He looked over his shoulder at the opposite building where he saw his old partner as a silhouette against the moonlight.
John held her gaze as the realisation hit him. She was right. He loved Sherlock. More than he would ever be able to admit to the detective. And if he ever figured out John’s secret, their life would change. John would probably never be able to see the man again. He would never be able to spend time with his best friend if he ever found out he was an old assassin. Oh, God, what was he going to do? He couldn’t live without the brilliant deductions, or the annoying experiments, or the times they ended up sitting in silence for hours just enjoying each other’s company, or the intelligent eyes he was so used to watch searching for answers hidden for everyone else. The man was his life, and if he lost him, it would be the end of him.
John knew he had to do something to mislead Sherlock. A science experiment had to be the number one thing he never wanted to be. Not again. The man had already used him as a test subject on multiple occasions already. What if Sherlock cut his wings off? He couldn’t let that happen.
He was about to answer when Sherlock’s phone went off. The detective snapped to attention and pulled the device up from his pocket and read through the message he’d received.
Oh, the doctor knew. He knew it so well, he almost wanted to give in and just show the detective right away. But he couldn’t take the chance that he could throw him in jail the moment his jumper hit the ground.
John wondered if he’d be able to sneak up to his room and go to sleep after all, but something made him stay. Instead he grabbed the book he had planned to finish, but didn’t have the time to read with his busy schedule. He sent a quick message to Owl to tell her to come back in a few hours. Sherlock probably wouldn’t move for a while anyway, and since he was the likely cause of his uneasy feeling, it wouldn’t make a difference until he came back to the world of the living.
“I’m sorry for what happened that night,” Sherlock mumbled into his chest. “It started out as a plot to find out if you really were who Mycroft said you were, and I didn’t really care if you were an assassin or not. I thought playing with your feelings was the best option, but then I found out I genuinely just wanted to kiss you, so I did, and then you kissed me back, and I lost it. I got confused because you always said you’re definitely not gay, and then I got scared that you played
Sherlock couldn’t move. His curiosity was burning. He’d gotten a small glimpse of John’s wings the night he jumped out the window, but the fact that they were attached scientifically made him want to observe them and figure out how they worked.
He continued to beat his wings furiously, ignoring the sting in his muscles. He could see the hospital in the distance, and it didn’t take long for him to get there. He landed outside and hurried through the doors.
“Thank you for coming,” John gave her a quick hug, and walked back to the chair he’d been sitting in.
John wondered what would happen if Sherlock ever saw his wings. Would the detective just ignore it, or would he just send him off to prison the moment he found out. John had a bad feeling it would be the latter. Or worse; he could be strapped down to the coffee table and cut open as one of Sherlock’s science experiments. What the consulting detective didn’t know, he would find out, any means necessary.
“She’s a skilled sniper, she knows a lot about assassination, and I’m sure she could be useful as a more silent option to capture people.”
John stared at him, obviously trying to see if it was a trick or something. Sherlock waited patiently until the man nodded sharply.
Lestrade gave him four more. Sherlock stared at them. All five victims had the exact same wound. A single bullet wound to the top of the head. No exit wound. Not an uncommon wound for an assassination, but the way the bullet had hit, caught John's attention. Sherlock saw it, too.
John felt his heart drop at his vicious statement. He wanted to tell him the truth, but he just couldn’t.
His question was answered a moment later when the door opened to reveal none other than Mycroft Holmes. John groaned.
Sherlock was exhausted. He didn’t want to admit it, but he could almost feel his body shutting down by itself. Six months had passed since John left. He had to keep going. He couldn’t dwell on the past. He had to figure out who these serial killers were. London had been terrorised by three individual serial killers, suspected to be working together. They were quick and efficient, which meant they were almost impossible to catch. Only one witness had been found, and then she’d been killed by one of the birds of prey. He hadn’t seen who it was, but he had a small hope it wasn’t John.
“Sherlock,” John said instead, capturing Sherlock’s attention. “Could you grab my jumper for me?” Sherlock walked towards the black one he’d worn earlier. “Not that one, the one I had when I left, please.” Sherlock frowned and walked into his bedroom, picking up the jumper before returning. He handed it to John and watched as he pulled it over his head. Lestrade quickly put on the handcuffs and made him stand up. John smiled at Sherlock one last time before being pushed out the door and down the stairs, leaving the detective by himself in the flat.
“That should do it,” the detective put down the device. “Now, all we have to do is wait for about ten minutes, and we should be good.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but watch as the blade came closer to his eye. He felt like an idiot for leaving the flat. He should at least have told John where he was, just so he might’ve had a chance to find him. But no one was coming. He regretted not giving John a proper kiss before he left.
“He talks to himself, sometimes,” Mrs. Hudson explained. “Or, he talks to someone as if they were there. I know he did it before you left, too, but it’s just happened more often than not. He’s talking to you, even though you’re not there.”
The memory of John pulling on his jumper resurfaced. It had happened on multiple occasions the last week. Not only that, but he seemed to be more distant and paranoid. He locked doors he normally wouldn’t. He walked different routes to avoid Sherlock as much as possible, and he almost never turned his back on him. John had been facing him straight on a lot more than usual.
“Will you take care of him, John?” Mycroft met his gaze, and John was taken aback by the soft look in his eyes. His expression was unexpectedly sad and worry shone bright in his features. “I’m worried about him. Please? He’s suffering without you. I’m almost certain he’s found his old habits again. You know what I mean.”
“You need it more than me,” he said and lifted his head to look into the detective’s hooded eyes. He gave him a quick peck on his chin before putting his head down again. Sherlock fell silent.
“Sherlock, there’s been anoth-“ he stopped and pulled his gun. John shoved Sherlock behind him with his wing and pulled his own gun. The detective inspector and the assassin faced each other, guns at the ready, waiting for the other to move. Sherlock stood frozen behind the shorter man. John’s wings stretched outward in a threatening manner, making him look bigger than he was. The DI looked astonished and frankly terrified as the assassin smiled. Sherlock tried to see Lestrade over the wings. “John, put down the gun,” the detective inspector said slowly, trying to sound intimidating. “You know I don’t want to shoot you, but I will if I have to.”
Sherlock almost wanted to tell him that John was out again, but he decided against it. The man shifted his hold on the knife, pointing it down at his chest. He let the edge of it rest against his collar bone before slowly running it down cutting open the detective’s skin. Sherlock had to stop himself from moving. He was too weak to do anything. He could only hope someone would find them.
“I’ll manage,” he grinned, thrilled at the idea of finally being back with the clouds. Owl nodded and stepped back. He spread his wings to their full width behind him and tested them for a minute, checking that everything felt like it should. He felt a small tug on his left wing, and quickly pulled out the stray feather that was standing at a weird angle. He’d preened them as well as he could with a bit of help from Owl at places he hadn’t been able to reach because of his wounds. They were ready, now.
They arrived at the New Scotland Yard and made their way through the building. As usual, the people around them stared and whispered when they walked by. They were a common sight. Sherlock led the way, and John followed in his tracks. As always. When they entered the familiar office, they were greeted by a stressed Detective Inspector. Greg Lestrade looked up when John cleared his throat.
“I’m sorry, Greg,” he said. “You don’t have to believe me when I say I didn’t actually know what I was doing was wrong, and when I found out, I wanted to end it. I joined the army to get out of it, and the rest is history.”
“Sociopath, there’s a difference,” John corrected her and felt himself smile at the memory of how the detective would always correct people who called him a psychopath.
“I do have two pillows, you know?” Sherlock couldn’t help the pull on his lips when the assassin pulled him tighter.
“Hello, John,” Lestrade sighed and made the chauffeur start the car. They drove away from the prison and headed towards Baker Street.
He spread his wings, and pushed off of the stairs outside the flat. At the moment, he was quite happy Sherlock wasn’t too heavy. Out of him and Owl, Owl was the one with the strongest wings.
“Serial killer,” the detective muttered and continued to run his fingers over the letters on the screen. John nodded. After the years of living with each other, they had helped on quite a lot of the Yard's cases. Serial killers were some of the most interesting, at least that's what Sherlock thought. John on the other hand? He lived for the adrenalin and action. It reminded him a bit of his earlier years. Shots fired, fleeing through the air, and his heart beating in his ears.
“Yeah, but it seems unlikely,” Lestrade took the files. “We guessed the guy who told us meant they used one of those flight suits to glide between buildings. It also says they had wings. Like actual wings.”
“Are you capable of staying awake while I get the fist aid kit?” Owl asked as she supported him down on a footstool. He nodded again and listened as she left the room. There was some commotion from upstairs before she came back with the supplies. “Bite down on this. It’ll hurt. A lot,” she handed him a small cloth and waited until he bit down on it before moving towards his back. He could feel her moving one of his wings out of the way before gently touching the torn skin surrounding it. There was a heavy sigh before something was poured over his back. It burned. He wanted to curl in on himself, get away from the pain as much as he could, but Owl held him in place. He could hear her mumble apologies as she started to clean the torn skin.
John tried to listen to what he was saying. It wasn’t impossible, and what he heard made him want to pull the man towards him, never letting him go again. He kept repeating the same words over and over like a prayer.
John nodded and shuffled beside her up the stairs to the porch. She opened the doors and guided him to the living room.
“I’m not going anywhere,” John held his hand tighter. Sherlock looked at him in awe. “I’m staying with you until you throw me out.”
“And you want me to tell you if I’ve ever met this person?” Irene’s expression emitted a dangerous feeling of secrecy. Her eyes flickered to John for a millisecond before returning to Sherlocks icy stare.
He’d been talking to Lestrade about the murder the night before when Mrs. Hudson called. She sounded frantic, so he decided to leave the DI without another word and rush back to his flat. He didn’t think anything of it when he didn’t meet the landlady as she usually would when they had break-ins. Instead he ran up the stairs to his flat, and opened the door to find the flat just as he left it, except one mayor detail. There was a person standing in front of the window. A man in a black turtleneck jumper with two holes cut out of it to show the wing tattoos underneath.
“I know it sound suspicious, but I really need you. He’s hunting me, too, and I don’t know how long I’ll be able to keep hiding this from him.”
John smiled sadly, grabbing Sherlock’s head and pulling him in for a gentle kiss. Sherlock started to sob against his lips. They pulled away from each other when they heard footsteps running towards them form the other end of the alley.
Had he been someone important? Had he done something to make an imprint on the world? He didn’t know. He knew nothing in this strange place. The darkness was his only comfort here. He had no idea if anything else existed. Had he been here for long? Maybe this was his home?
He almost threw himself into the cab and shut the door behind him. The traffic was low in the late morning. The rush hour was over for now, and people were at work or in their homes, minding their own business. No one knew about the corpse laying in an alley, except of course the poor teenagers who had witnessed the murder. The two young boys that had been draped in shock blankets after the sight of their drug dealer being shot dead while handing them what they payed for. The same teenagers that had been paralysed with fear and not even a minute later were being accused for having killed a man.
“Okay,” he said and waited for the detective to come closer. He tugged the jumper over his head, making his hair messy from the tight neckline. Sherlock almost wanted to drag his fingers through it. It looked so soft.
Sherlock blushed and climbed in beside him. John crawled under the duvet, rolling over until he was laying on his stomach with his head resting on Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock felt himself drift off. The sadness was making him even more tired than he already was. Finally, he let the exhaustion take him.
“I want to see the tattoos first,” the dominatrix walked behind him. John supressed the urge to roll his eyes. There was a stunned silence for a moment before he felt cold fingers trace the outline of his wings.
John felt it was getting harder to breathe. The method was too familiar to be a coincidence. He got the feeling he knew exactly how the murder happened. Not only had he done it before, he taught it to his partner, many years ago.
“Why aren’t you sleeping?” he placed his hands on his hips. Sherlock continued to watch the feather in his hands.
“Great work, partner,” she grinned and patted his shoulder briefly. She tucked her wings under her skin and got inside the small house, making John follow her. “Tomorrow I’m sure you’ll be able to fly even further.”
“I don’t want to hear excuses as of why the hell you haven’t been experimenting since I left. Just keep it, okay? What you do with it is your decision. You can put it on a hat, for all I care.”
That seemed to do the trick as multiple doctors came running towards him. He quickly explained to them what had happened, and let them take Sherlock with them. He followed them towards the ER, but was asked to wait outside. He nodded and used the time to hide his wings and put on his jumper again.
John wetted his lips with his tongue before giving the detective a real kiss. He’d missed the feeling of Sherlocks lips against his own. The detective responded immediately and locked one of his hands in John’s hair, pulling him closer. John ended up on top of him on the bed, trying not to fall off the edge. He tried his best not to squish the detective more than necessary. Sherlock had other plans, however, as he snuck an arm around John’s waist and held him tight.
“Anything of interest?” John smiled as his friend marched over to his chair and slumped down in it. He'd been saved by the bell for now.
John felt the first tear roll down his cheek. He looked into Owl’s gentle dark brown eyes. He could see the sympathy clear as day, which made him slightly frustrated, but because of all that had happened in the last few hours, he couldn’t find himself to be mad at her for it. Exhaustion and heartbreak pulled him down into a depressed state, and he didn’t know how to climb out of it.
Sherlock pushed him backwards until he felt the wall press against his back, making the stitches get stuck in his jumper. It brought him back to reality for less than a second before Sherlock found his throat. He tried to say something, but the only sound he seemed to be able to make was tiny whimpers as the detective’s tongue left wet trails from his shoulder to his jaw, switching between sucking and biting on his skin.
“They wouldn’t keep me up for long,” John said after a couple of minutes of trying them out. “I’ve lost a lot of the muscles I once had, and I’m heavier. If I start training them up again, it won’t take long before I’m able to fly for a few minutes,” he continued to move them around, now that the pain slowly started to subside.
“I’m sorry John,” Sherlock came closer to him. “I was an imbecile. I shouldn’t have left the flat. If I had just listened to you, you wouldn’t have been shot, and I couldn’t think about losing you, because… you are my entire life, and without you, I wouldn’t have a reason to exist,” he placed his hand carefully on John’s cheek. “I love you so much, John.”
“They are amazing,” Irene breathed out in awe. There was another moment of silence before she continued. “That gunshot wound of yours is in a lucky spot. Right above the curve where the wing folds.”
He started to explore. The window he’d jumped through had been changed, but other than that, it seemed just like it had when he left. He continued into the kitchen, opening the fridge and feeling his heart sink at the sight that met him. There is absolutely nothing there. No food, not even any experiments or body parts. When he looked around, there was really nothing in the kitchen at all. Only the petri dishes and other equipment the detective was so determined to keep on the kitchen table.
Then the Case happened. The one where John knew he was screwed from the moment he heard about it. Why wouldn't he be? The most observant man in the world was looking for
John jumped. He realised that he was standing still in front of an open cab door. Way to go, Watson. Great work at hiding your secrets from the smartest man in the world. He definitely won’t notice you just standing there, staring emptily into space.
“I remembered something like this happened about 11 years ago,” Lestrade continued. “It's the same method. Headshots from straight above, like the killer was flying over them.”
“But you didn’t,” he muttered. “I’m never going to leave you, Sherlock. Not if I can help it. Never again.”
“No, it’s fine. We were just about to go to bed,” John said quickly and pushed Sherlock out of his lap, ignoring the grumble from the detective. “Anything you wanted to talk to us about?”
“I got more information about the birds of prey,” Sherlock explained and continued to read through the text. “It says that they were quite active about ten years ago before one of them disappeared. It’s not known what happened to him, but sources suggest that he’s dead. The other one is supposedly still active.”
John nodded at this. He knew the detective well enough. Calling Lestrade was probably just a way to cope with the fact that the one he thought he knew, wasn’t who he thought he knew after all.
Some of them he actually knew from his old days, before he became John Watson. They were nice enough, until he turned his back on them and they preceded to kick him down. He got quite the bruise, but they’d ended up in the ICU, so he guessed they were even. He’d spent a week just to make the rest of the prisoners understand not to mess with him. All it earned him was a beating from the guards. He ended up in isolation after harming one of them in self-defence.
John smiles against Sherlock’s skin, stopping temporarily to nuzzle his face into Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock grows bolder, slipping his hands under John’s shirt.
“Sherlock,” his brother sighs. walking forwards again to stand side by side with him. When Sherlock doesn’t respond, he rests his hand on his shoulder, squeezing the socket there.
“Just for tonight I want to forget all about everything else except for you,” he murmurs, pulling Sherlock closer, his arms tightening their hold around him, “Would you let me do that Sherlock? Let me-”
“It was a case,” he explains, “a famous one from a hundred years ago, lodged in my hard drive. She seemed to be dead but then she came back.”
“It’s on the tip of my tongue,” Moriarty continues as Sherlock screws his eyes tightly shut. The floor begins to tremble again, swaying back and forth under his feet even as Moriarty keeps up a litany of “It’s on the tip of my tongue.”
“Fuck,” is all he says as he wobbles on his feet before collapsing to the ground, his head hanging low, clearly trying his best to process the information.
He pulls back the blanket, revealing what he hopes is an extremely frustrated expression as John drops his ankles, giggling uncontrollably.
He can feel John’s heart beating through the thin fabric of his clothing, his body singing as John tangles his tongue with his, both of them simultaneously sighing into each other's mouths at the contact.
Sherlock turns to arrange the pillows while John strips down to his singlet and boxer shorts. He throws his shirt and pants across the room, aiming for the laundry bin, but they come to rest on top of Sherlock’s shirt instead.
“This isn’t the way you’re supposed to treat the person who saved you from certain death,” she frowns, moving to stand behind Sherlock.
Sherlock lifts his head, meeting John’s worried gaze. John knows, he’s seen it, the deep gash on his left shoulder. Sherlock should have been more careful, should have insisted that John could not, under any circumstances, see him shirtless, but it’s too late now. He’d forgotten, forgotten all about the scars on his back, the crisscrossing lines that are a daily reminder of his failure at evading capture on his final mission. He’d locked it all away, that whole trip to Serbia, deep in the recesses his mind palace. However, that hadn’t stopped the memories he'd gained from this horrific experience from haunting his every waking moment. He can’t even hear the backfiring of a car now without flinching a little
“What?” he breathes as his eyes widen, turning his head and watching as the scene before him begins to change.
It’s taken the edge off the sadness a little, dulling the pain so that all Sherlock truly feels like doing is staring off hopelessly into the distance rather than breaking down and weeping on the tarmac.
He watches as John bends down, retrieving the sheet of paper. He pores over the contents in earnest before turning to Sherlock, fixing him with one of the most heartbroken expressions Sherlock has ever seen.
Sherlock groans, turning over to fix his eyes on the ceiling. (“There’s a bit of paint peeling there that has to be dealt with,” he thinks to himself). He’s going to have to go out and face the world soon, another day, another mask, another battle dress. So, he might as well use the time he has now to make up his mind once and for all on how he should deal with John’s sudden reappearance in his life. He closes his eyes.
Sherlock and John both straighten themselves quickly, their smiles falling from their faces as they simultaneously come to a conclusion on who the mysterious caller is.
John is a hardworking man who has always prized his GP work, rarely calling in sick or taking leave (unless it was for a case) because he's always felt a sense of responsibility towards his colleagues and patients. So why today of all days? He could have just visited her on the weekend.
“You’re not the one who’s working you know,” she rolls her eyes and replies, returning to swipe a flask of hydrochloric acid from Sherlock’s table before going back to the bowl of slush, extracting a sample carefully with a pipette.
“You’re adorable,” John laughs, chucking the flannel away as he rolls Sherlock back onto his back, nuzzling up against the man’s stomach…
He can’t lie to himself, he really had been looking forward to dinner, to cooking even, but now that John’s not coming back he does feel quite crushed. He wheezes several times, struggling to calm down. His breaths eventually even out, his chest ceasing to heave and Sherlock gives a soft sigh of relief.
The moment those words leave Sherlock’s lips, John’s face does some major acrobatics, looking simultaneously surprised, shocked and joyous at the same time.
Mycroft’s brow furrows as he speaks, his eyes darkening as he turns his gaze from Sherlock’s, looking extremely disappointed.
There’s a tourniquet as well, a rather old-looking, rugged one, similar to the ones that Sherlock used to use in his uni days.
Sherlock lets go then, lifting his hands to John’s shoulders, easing him down slowly. Sighing deeply in response, John lowers himself onto Sherlock’s body, his body still trembling from the aftershocks of his orgasm.
“And then Sherlock here decided to catch a frog as retribution and let it loose under Professor Carmichael’s table.”
“No!” Sherlock retorts, “No, definitely not. Mycroft had captured Moriarty a few months earlier, and with my permission, fed him some information about me, enough for him to think he’d gained the upper hand, before letting him go. Moriarty started to spread fake rumours about me as you know, making me look bad in the public eye. We were waiting for Moriarty to show his hand, knowing that he’d only do so if he deemed me to be at my weakest point. Before you arrived at Barts, Mycroft and I decided on me meeting Moriarty on the rooftop. We worked out several ways that this could go, knowing that it would have to end in my suicide… well, fake suicide. So, I texted Moriarty to meet me on the rooftop.”
He opens his eyes, hoping that he’s succeeded and Moriarty is gone. However, the man is still there, except that he’s now bent forward, knees on the ground with the pistol in his mouth.
John’s eyes watch him closely as Sherlock edges forward, dragging his feet across the ground before dropping down on the bed next to him.
“Wha- what do you mean?” the man slurs, fixing a heated and yet sloppy gaze on the man above him, evidently confused.
“You didn’t save me, Mary,” he shakes his head, “If shooting my best friend is what you call saving me, you seem to have a very warped conception of what sacrifice means.”
“The shoe didn’t fit it’s owner. Hence, the usage of rocks to ensure the owner wasn’t swimming in it. It could have been a man with small feet or a young boy, balance of probability says young boy.”
His eyes travel up to Sherlock’s lips as he rights their bodies, the moment stretching between them as John looks up almost inquisitively at Sherlock, cocking his head to the side as if asking for permission for something.
He’s not sure what has possessed him to make this split second decision, considering the fact that he’s been desperately trying to prevent himself from deciding on confessing to John for the past one week (Or maybe in retrospect, two to three years).
John’s breathing speeds up as gunshots are heard, the sound of rifles being fired across the buildings ringing out in the dusty street as he takes a step back from the man before him.
But wait… Does he really need John’s help. The man might be somewhere in the next room but isn’t it better if he deals with Moriarty on his own?
The door to the warehouse opens with a rattle and creak, the rusted hinges squealing in protest as Sherlock steps onto the dusty wooden floor, his eyes roaming around the building before coming to rest on a door, ajar, on the second floor.
“You blew your own brains out,” he says in a stage whisper, his eyes filled with terror. “How could you survive?”
, he instinctively thinks as John takes one final sip from his mug before setting it on the coffee table,
He’d wanted to raise his hand right then and there, a silent rejection of his best friend’s bid for marriage… no even worse - he’d wanted to scream.
There’s a burly man standing above him, his eyes filled with glee as he raises his whip, the tip glimmering brightly in the helicopter lights before he brings it down.
They continue on their way, footsteps in tandem as gravel crunches under their feet. John talks more about his patients and even entertains Sherlock with a hilarious anecdote from his university years, making him chuckle uncontrollably.
He pauses, preparing himself for the words to come. He watches as John flashes him a confused look, biting his lip in anticipation of what Sherlock’s going to say next.
“Really,” Sherlock replies, smiling. He grabs another scone, biting off a small chunk before continuing.
“Well,” John starts, digging into his pocket, “I’m tired out of my mind and I kind of want to sleep. So I checked into a hotel across the road.”
“The shoe belonged to a member of a gang that typically did operations near the Thames, circa… 1950? It likely belonged to a younger member, probably one that needed the money desperately. I’m guessing the illegal activity the group dealt with was... drug dealing,” Sherlock narrows his eyes and says.
He’ll have to ditch the experiment. It was time-sensitive anyways. He should’ve known better than to have started a mould culture experiment at such a time as this.
He reassures himself yet again as he stuffs the rest of the sandwich into his mouth, padding back towards his room, the sound of his footsteps muffled by soft carpet.
The lamplight gleams across the exposed skin near Sherlock’s hip now, the rest of his figure bathed in shadow as the clock slowly ticks its way to midnight.
He’d wanted to yell at Mary, to yell at John, to burst into tears because god what was he doing? Why had he agreed to this? He shouldn’t have ever come here.
The screen before them floods with white, blinding Sherlock’s eyes as he attempts to shade them from the sudden glare.
“We're going to need to get up at some point you know,” John murmurs, the hand that's not in Sherlock’s hair reaches around his neck to drag his fingertips roughly down Sherlock's spine.
He flexes his hands a bit, still feeling a phantom pressure where they had rested on John’s. He gives a small sigh before turning around to face John, who is currently, with surgeon-like precision, cutting the omelette exactly in half.
“Sure, John,” Sherlock answers, flashing him a bright smile before turning back to face the bleachers sheepishly.
There are still so many things that John has not told him, so many things that they’ve never discussed and Sherlock berates himself for never bringing up the topic sooner.
“Your turn now,” he mutters and Sherlock nods his head vigorously, extending his arms swiftly so that John can get his jacket and shirt off of him, leaving him with milky white skin.
“John,” Sherlock hums softly, pressing a quick kiss to John’s forehead, “I think you should go have a nap. It might help a bit.”
Oddly enough… he can’t seem to get a read on him. The only thing he’s noticed is that John’s eyes are set, his irises a solid cerulean. His chin is tilted resolutely upwards as well, exuding a certain stubbornness that means that no matter what Sherlock says next, he will be going to Harry’s anyway.
“Of course I did,” Sherlock huffs, smiling, “I really do trust you with my life, you know? I hope you know that.”
So in the meantime, he’ll have to numb the pain somehow, provide an outlet for these taxing emotions, find a space to express his grief, his anger… his joy.
“But it’s true,” Sherlock thinks quietly to himself. He has wrecked enough damage upon John’s life, what with the fake death at Bart’s and the continuous drug use that Sherlock constantly falls prey to. He can’t keep hurting John so he can’t keep John forever. He’s done being selfish and he’s done only thinking about himself. Mary’s the one for John. He Chose Her… and not him, never him. It was never him, so Sherlock will have to let him go when the time comes and if John refuses to leave… he’ll have to persuade him somehow, because Sherlock Isn’t Right For Him. But until that day comes, he’ll cherish every single moment he has with John, every single fucking hour because he’s done wasting time. And if their relationship is running on a ticking clock then he’d better make damn good use of the time that he has left. And if these are the hours that define them, that define this husk of a relationship that remains, then Sherlock is about to make them count.
After all they’ve been through, hell and high water, the fact that they’ve survived, the fact that they’ve lived to tell the tale, to love each other as they should have done years ago… Who gets a second chance at love like that?
“The year is obvious, anyone who has ever studied 20th century fashion would know that these type of shoes were the height of fashion back then-”
At this, John flicks his gaze abruptly upwards, meeting Sherlock’s eyes and it’s as if all the light has been sucked out of those blue eyes. John stares solemnly at Sherlock with mouth slightly agape. His lips are quivering.
Sherlock is silent at this, his body trembling under the weight of this new information as John reaches a tentative arm around his shoulders, grounding him there.
It’s not rushed, or filled with passion, as all their earlier kisses have been. This time, it’s more solemn, more certain and Sherlock sighs as he kisses back, his lips undulating under John’s.
Sherlock can’t help but spasm off the bed, a sheen of sweat forming on his brow as he fists his fingers into the sheets, writhing before John holds his hips down with his elbows, continuing to torture him with his tongue.
“Anything that could have held liquid,” Sherlock replies, rolling up his sleeves before proceeding to rummage around the bin. Despite the bin’s daunting size, there is not much inside it, aside from several cardboard boxes and other varied debris here and there.
“Well… if you must know...” he starts, “Victor was a close friend of mine from secondary school. We met in the park by my house. His dog bit me when I accidentally tripped over its tail on an evening walk, so as compensation, he offered to walk me back home to ensure my leg didn’t give out.”
“John,” Mike huffs in exasperation, “John I know that he’s your best friend, but isn’t this a bit… much?”
John would have been better off, happier even, living out the domestic dream that he’d always wished for…
I can't promise when the next update will be heh. It's gonna start getting vv busy for me soon so idk really... Expect 3-4 weeks
“John, you’re intelligent, sporty and may I say exceptionally good-looking judging by all the looks people shoot you in the hallways. And to top it all of, you’re oozing confidence, amazingly loyal and have a great heart.”
“No, it’s not that,” John says, still trying to cover for him, “He goes into a sort of trance. I’ve seen him do it.”
“I… I think that since our systems were linked, both our coding must have malfunctioned. The only difference was that you’ve lost more of your memory than I did. Since I couldn’t and still can’t wake myself out of cryosleep, I got to work trying to repair my memory by following the flow of the ones I still had. I eventually remembered the last time we saw each other. The day that we boarded...”
And what did Mycroft mean when he said that the two of them were in danger? Moriarty is dead and Sherlock has dismantled most of his web. Who could possibly be after them now? All of Moriarty’s most dangerous allies are either dead or have been incarcerated.
John’s gaze eventually comes to rest on the dog tags. They’re glowing now, the letterings on the metal burning a bright yellow.
I am like dying and drowning in schoolwork. I basically had to rush this all out in one day so sorry for the crappy quality asdfghjkl.
John Watson going to think. That he had shifted the chair into his room the night of his wedding and clutching fitfully to the maroon fabric, had sobbed himself to sleep? And that he'd repeated the same feat after he'd been discharged? Well that was technically true but John was not allowed to know that. Their relationship had been on tenterhooks ever since the drug situation and Sherlock was afraid that any more stress on this already delicate friendship would send John running for the hills, especially if he found out that his druggie flatmate was harbouring a secret crush on him. That could not be allowed to happen, if John really left... it might just kill him.
“More,” he breathes, shuddering and John obliges, withdrawing the two digits only to replace them with three, pushing them in slowly.
“Well he’s played the violin for you,” she says, trying to sound as indifferent as possible, hoping that the significance behind the words will sink through John’s thick skull.
Sherlock rises from his seat reluctantly, slightly disappointed that John hasn't really clarified anything by that vague statement of his as he makes his way to the door with John by his side.
He’d woken hours later only to remember that there was something that he had meant to do when he came up here at 9 in the morning, that there was something that he’d meant to bring back to Baker Street.
“I dislike being referred to as beautiful, yes,” Sherlock mumbles, cutting John off as he narrows his eyes, “That’s all there is to the matter-”
However… it’s too late. Moriarty, or to put things into perspective, his subconsciousness has no interest in listening to him now, especially on the edge of such an important, imposing moment because the man lifts the gun to his lips again, opening his mouth wide.
“No, John,” Sherlock responds when he catches up with him, his nose crinkled in confusion, “Something is clearly troubling you-”
“M’fine,” John mutters, forcing a smile which Sherlock seems to see through immediately, the man’s brow furrowing, “Just go on without me, it’ll be okay.”
“You are a living, breathing man,” Watson says, enunciating each word carefully, “You’ve lived a life. You have a past-”
Feelings are not his area, they've never been his area, especially when those feelings deal with a certain John Hamish Watson. Dammit, Sherlock should want John to leave, shouldn't he? He’s already promised himself that he will give John up to Mary in the end, that Mary is better for John than him so why is he still feeling so conflicted over this issue?
It suddenly feels like there’s water in his ears, like he’s submerged underwater and hearing John’s speech in garbled, distorted form. Because John couldn't possibly have meant that, could he?
He drops his violin for a short moment, breathing heavily before raising his bow to the strings once again.
“I… I… I just… I...” John stutters, tripping and stumbling over the words, giving Mike more cause for concern.
This is followed by a short bout of silence, interspersed by the heavy breathing of one John Watson.
“I never said he was alive,” Sherlock answers, stopping in his tracks. He turns towards John, slipping his gloves on. “I said he was back.”
But now that John is back, the room seems a lot brighter, a lot more welcoming - or maybe that’s just because the windows have been cleaned.
“Why do you CARE?” Sherlock bellows, his patience snapping. He’s already had a rather emotionally draining day and this is not helping in the slightest. He probably shouldn’t have done that though, because it looks like John is about to snap as well-
Ever since John’s third game, Sherlock had tagged along for every one of John’s celebratory rugby dinners. He’d trailed along in John’s wake on their very first outing, barely making any conversation with the rest of his teammates, shyly listening in to their conversations.
John’s eyes widen when they make eye contact, his eyelids fluttering as they flick down Sherlock’s body and back up to his face, clearly surprised to see him finished so soon.
He remembers wiping away tears in the bathroom later, soaking a spot in his handkerchief as he calmed himself down in a stall, desperately wishing for his heart rate to slow.
A foreign voice clears its throat loudly, startling Sherlock for a moment before he realises exactly who it belongs to.
“I’m sorry,” John mumbles, breaking the silence. His warm breath caresses the top of Sherlock’s head as his fingers fan out possessively over Sherlock's back, gently stroking the numerous lines that have been marked there.
“You really are beautiful when you’re dancing,” John breathes, the words coming out in a rush as he draws Sherlock closer to him, his eyes filled with awe.
The corner of the shelf is coated in spidery white fungus, a petri dish barely visible through the stringy mess of dust and mould. He scrambles off to his bedroom to grab a handkerchief, tying it tightly around his neck before proceeding to clear out the detritus and dirt from an experiment long forgotten.
He lets John complete the sentence for himself, his face flaring in embarrassment, refusing to complete it for him.
Mycroft had warned him about this, technically… In his imaginary study, just that Sherlock hadn’t taken him seriously.
John turns around, smiling sheepishly at Sherlock as he carries their plates and cups over, setting them down on the table gently.
There’s not much else in it to be honest, just a bit of fluff towards the back of drawer and oh, there’s a tiny plastic box…
“Of course we should move on John, don’t be stupid,” he can hear John sniggering but he continues anyway.
After five minutes however, John starts to fiddle with his fingers, his nails tapping incessantly against his palms as his brow furrows, his features taking on a look of intense concentration. Sherlock watches him out the corner of his eye, seeing John open his mouth for a moment before slamming it shut once again.
He’s bought some chicken fillets for dinner, along with an assortment of spices in the form of a spice rack (it was on offer!). Paprika chicken has always been one of Sherlock’s favourite dishes, a childhood meal that his mother used to bake for Mycroft and him every now and then, especially after they’d come home from school.
“I’m a virgin if that’s what you’re trying to get at,” Sherlock huffs, shaking his head, “Is that alright with you?”
“Sure!” John replies, chuckling even as a little bit of disappointment begins to settle in his stomach. “It’s perfectly alright. Are you free the day after?”
His bedroom door creaks open but he merely dismisses it as background noise as he continues to rock his body forward, his eyes clenched tight as tears begin to drip slowly down his cheeks.
John tries to help him, reaching for Sherlock’s hand but Sherlock pushes him away, tugging his arm out of range as he rights himself.
“Mostly wild parties they’d gone to, clubs they’d visited. I don’t know,” Cameron snaps, “What I do know is that just a few days ago, Jem contacted me out of the blue, asking for us to meet up. So we did, at Starbucks, but when we met up I discovered that she had become a completely different person. She- she’d changed, drastically, changed for the worse. She didn’t use to swear so much and her attitude was so- she behaved so dominantly-”
“John, I promise you that before you came around, Sherlock had never once been to a rugby game, let alone stepped near the goddamn field,” Irene says, shaking her head, “Alright, if you don’t believe me on that account, then how do you explain why Sherlock chooses to sit near the bleachers to study every time you guys have practice.”
His face is pressed up against John's chest, his nose digging into the bare vee in the centre, which is strange because Sherlock’s pretty sure John went to sleep with a singlet on… oh.
He’d sat up and stretched his arms, listening to the telltale crackles of cramped muscles before moving to stand, smiling to himself as he made his way out of his bedroom.
He knows he shouldn’t be upset that John had been together with Sholto. After all, he’s had so many girlfriends, all of which Sherlock has met. But something about this revelation just… makes him feel uncomfortable.
“Of course, Sherlock,” John grins, rolling his eyes, “Would I lie to you about something like this?”
“I need to use the loo,” he mumbles, grabbing a wrinkled, white T-shirt from the bedside, pulling it on swiftly. He dashes for the toilet, cheeks burning furiously, realising belatedly that he's still wearing his pants from last night and must look a sight.
“Moriarty isn’t a name, it’s a title. A title that can be passed down or shared with its assigned inheritors,” he turns to John now, wondering what the man thinks of this development. However, John's face is stiff, his expression neutral.
I don't know when the next chapter will be up... I've gotta work out some of the finer details of the story before I continue on after this... All I can say is that you can expect a shit ton of angst.
He finishes in about 10 minutes, under the hawk-like gaze of his flatmate who seems to have made it his personal duty to ensure that Sherlock finishes every last morsel on his plate. They get up from their seats and John fishes around his trouser pocket for a while before withdrawing his old leather wallet, pulling some cash out to pay for dinner.
Sherlock is bent over the wooden table in abject fury, staring down a petri dish full of fungus as if it had personally offended him.
“You are not replaceable, you know Sherlock?” John breathes, stroking Sherlock’s cheek fondly, “You’re you, the only one in the world. You said so yourself. Consulting Detective, the only one in the world, remember?”
“John PLEASE,” Sherlock cries out, the twin sensations of a hand on his cock and a cock in his arsehole far too much for him to take. It feels amazing, fantastic, like his body is bursting at the seams.
"You hypocrite," Sherlock smiles, trying to make light of the situation as John sniggers, pressing his nose firmly into the curl of hair at the nape of Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock's eyes widen in response, open and questioning as they peer back at John, his eyelashes fluttering softly.
Moriarty manages to block it somehow, grabbing Sherlock’s arm and giving a strong shove, sending him crashing to the ground, his body draped precariously over the ledge.
“I know what you’re doing,” he says under his breath, looking Moriarty dead in the eye as the room begins to shake, the shelves and the floorboards rattling.
John nods his head affirmatively, reaching around Sherlock to place a firm hand on his shoulder, guiding him into the house.
And John can’t take it anymore. Thoughts of Sherlock and Victor swirl round and round wildly in his head, thundering down in a great cascade of jealousy. Because Victor is perfect, Victor is amazing and Sherlock loves Victor and... and… fuck is this is the most unfortunate thing to happen to John Watson because he’d thought… from the start that-
“I’ll be coming to you in the evening,” he answers, his voice heavy, “Lily will be going elsewhere.”
“Does it now?” John chortles, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s lips as he reaches for the flannel on the bedside table, wiping up the mess on Sherlock’s chest as the man purrs.
It feels like being hit by a bus, his nostrils immediately assaulted by a foul stench which seems to be emanating from the back of one of the higher shelves.
“Sure,” Cameron sniffles, “Do come in.” He pulls the door open wide, waiting for John and Sherlock to cross the threshold before shutting the door soundly behind them.
He still hears the echo of gunshots as he rises off the bed, scratching his head as the pain in his shoulder begins to fade.
“If you really don’t want me here, I can always go to Harry’s,” John continues, sighing slightly, “I just thought that-”
It's then that John flashes him a playful grin, dropping his pillow and proceeding to fling himself in Sherlock’s direction.
“You’re really sensitive,” John mouths against Sherlock’s chest. He licks another broad stripe up the patch of skin there while continuing to pump their cocks with his fist and Sherlock groans loudly, his hips rolling into John’s grip before biting his pillow, trying to stifle as many embarrassing noises as he can.
“I’ll go and get breakfast sorted,” he grins and says, “You just wash up and get ready in…” John glances at his watch momentarily. “... Half an hour tops. Is that okay with you?”
And then John’s crying too, sobbing loudly against the door. Sherlock can practically hear the rush of tears leaking down John’s cheeks as John bangs his fists against the door, his voice shaking as he calls for Sherlock, over and over again.
Sherlock digs into his coat for his wallet, thrusting some cash at the partition that separates him from the cabbie as he gathers his shopping bags, barely managing to fit through the door. He shuts the door behind him, preparing to put some of the bags down on the porch to extricate his keys from his coat before realising that the door is slightly ajar.
They’ve almost reached the bottom when John retrieves something from the bin. He stares at it for a moment, looking slightly bewildered before calling, “Sherlock! I think I might have found something!”
He finishes, wiping his face on his towel as he prepares to step outside. Sherlock prods the door gently, feeling the hinge give a bit before pushing it fully open.
“John, are you alright?” Sherlock whispers softly. Oh god, did he do something a bit not good again? Has he hurt him? Will this be the moment when John decides he’s finally had enough of him and leaves?
“Never mind,” John finishes, eyes falling away from Sherlock’s, now staring resolutely at the ground.
He watches as John directs his gaze to the dog tags around his neck, his eyes darkening with unbridled want as Sherlock blushes.
“I’m sorry for tugging you away from that madman just now,” John continues, scratching his forehead. “I… I could have handled that better.”
It seems to be having an effect on John too because his grunts seem to be getting far louder as well.
“He used it only when you two were alone?” is all he can manage as his head hangs low, crestfallen, his thoughts fuzzy.
“There goes Sir Eustace,” he murmurs, turning now to another lighted window on the other side of the house, watching as that window goes dark too.
“Hey John!” one of his drunken rugby mates calls, “Why didn’t you introduce us to this guy sooner. He’s a hoot!”
He has to fix this - this annoying and possibly devastating insinuation that his brain seems to keep presenting, that John is entitled to Sherlock.
The words sound stale and hollow now, shocking Sherlock with the extent of their coldness… Was that truly the picture he'd painted of himself before the fall?
It’s probably one of the most exquisite things he’s ever experienced, another dick against his own. He’s only ever done this on his own so this sensation, this feeling is novel and Sherlock finds that he’s wholly unprepared for it.
“It’ll be okay John, it’ll be okay,” he says, as John begins to choke, his voice cracking under the weight of the stress of the past week.
“How’ve you been?” he chokes out. It’s making him extremely uncomfortable, this exceedingly formal way of conversation. After all they’ve been through, after all those shared experiences of danger and exhilaration that have brought them closer together, they’re sitting around having tea and talking like people who haven’t seen each other in months... well it’s technically true. It makes him slightly sick that their relationship has come to this.
He sighs as John finishes the last of his sandwich, his body leaving his as John makes his way to the sink, washing his hands.
“Sherlock, I can’t shake the feeling that this is somehow my fault or other and it’d be great if I got some FUCKING CLOSUR-”
“Dull,” Sherlock replies, bottom lip jutting out in a pout as his other arm reaches round John's body, palm resting possessively on John's back.
He burrows closer to John, relishing in the tenderness of his embrace. He rests his head against John’s chest, listening closely to the beating of his heart, a familiar tempo that finally tips him over the edge, allowing sleep to finally claim him.
But Moriarty is stronger, far stronger. The man gives a strong shove, forcing Sherlock back down onto the ground, and this time, Sherlock ends up a lot closer to the edge of the cliff than he had been before.
He hears the crack of a whip in the distance, a sharp strike that cuts through the night air like a knife.
John is thrusting forwards in earnest now, his hips rolling against Sherlock’s body, each thrust seating him deeper and deeper inside him.
Sherlock peers back at John, flashing him a puzzled look before turning to look out the window, scrutinising their surroundings.
If John’s out at a pub, it means that something truly bad must have happened at his old workplace. After all, John almost never drinks, his sister the primary reason he normally avoids alcohol like the plague. He only ever drinks on special occasions and when he’s had a particularly bad day. Sherlock suspects that in this case, it’s probably the latter.
Technically, John shouldn’t be angry because Sherlock is sandwiched between Victor and Charlie in the booth, making it harder for him to get a word in... But honestly, that just serves to make John even more jealous because godammit he should have insisted that Sherlock sat next to hi-
John’s eyes are blown wide, his mouth half-hanging open in shock as he gapes at Sherlock. He recovers himself when Sherlock smirks at him though, scratching the back of his head as he beams back at his friend.
“Why? Did something happen?” Sherlock replies. He reaches for John’s hand, squeezing it reassuringly despite being slightly puzzled and confused at John’s sudden pronouncement. He’s absolutely sure that nothing has happened to Harry in the past few days. If anything, he would definitely have known about it.
Sherlock thinks to himself. As long as it’s something that’ll rid him of his sub-conscious’ incessant meddling, Sherlock will take it.
He’d sighed in slight disappointment, tentative fingers reaching to wrap around off-white paper as he had made to stand. Depositing the note deep in his pocket, he’d made his way to the living room, his legs struggling forwards as if stuck in thick treacle. Restarting his brain after a long sleep was probably one of the worst things in the world, something that Sherlock had previously been able to successfully evade before John had started sleeping in the same bed as him.
“GET OUT OF THE WAY,” he yells at the version of him on the ground, reaching out to touch him, to push him out of the line of fire.
Maybe it’s because the previous times he’s been imprisoned, Mycroft had always been there to help him, always been there to bail him out somehow, making excuses for his dear younger brother.
“He,” Sherlock blurts out before slamming his mouth shut. His natural instinct to correct others is not working to his advantage right now.
Sherlock’s already fast asleep, his chest rising and falling in a slow, fluid motion even as the beginning snuffles of a snore begin to permeate the surrounding air.
“Okay sure,” he replies, biting back a retort as he schools his face into a calmer-looking expression.
If he hadn’t come back, none of this would have happened really. Mary and John would have had a peaceful, loving marriage, with one or maybe two kids in tow. John would never have found out about Mary’s past, would never have questioned Mary’s devotion to him.
That moment is short-lived though because all of a sudden Moriarty hisses, baring his teeth as he raises his arm, jabbing his fingers harshly into the crease of Sherlock’s throat, taking him by surprise.
White light spills through the lids of his eyes as he sits up, lifting his forehead off of his hand.
Well… not all the time… Sherlock thinks to himself as he chuckles into his pillow. Best not to use grand sweeping statements that are not always necessarily true.
He waits till John catches up with him before he continues towards Lestrade’s car, the two of them keeping step, their bodies in sync. Sherlock has never felt more alive and he knows that it is less to do with the case and more to do with John. He hears a burst of footsteps behind them as Lestrade hurries to catch up.
“So?” Sherlock barks, stopping his brother in his tracks as he stalks to the front of his desk, “Anything?”
“Yeah,” John answers, “Well… sort of, it was on this pair of dog tags that suddenly materialised out of nowhere. The first time I touched it, I saw a desert. And then the second time I think I heard you and I talking?”
“Why don’t we have a chat?” he says, leaping up from his chair and racing towards The Bride as Watson follows.
John chuckles nervously at Sherlock’s query, giving Sherlock’s hand a few strong squeezes before letting it go.
However, there’s light shining now from underneath his bedroom door. That most certainly hadn’t been there before.
Sherlock refuses to move, however, remaining stock still, annoyance rolling off him in waves as John rolls his eyes, tugging at Sherlock once again.
“Another one incoming,” one of them shouts into his microphone as another flurry of agents scrambles to a corner of the room, typing away almost viciously on the computers there.
John frowns at this, confusion adorning his face as he curls his fingers around Sherlock’s proffered hand, “Then what day is it?”
Maybe she’d really given him the wrong thumb drive? Maybe she had two, one a decoy and- oh god that is so implausible.
And in the case of the deadly Baker Street living room, it’d been the fear, the overwhelming fear of facing Moriarty alone, when all he really needed was John to stand by his side. That’s why he’d woken up, because he hadn’t been brave enough to call upon his dearest friend, relying instead on his own strength.
He’s never truly let his walls down far enough to let anyone see that more emotional side of him. The side that cried an ocean when Redbeard had to be put down, the side that curled up into John’s chair and bawled the night of the wedding.
“Thanks,” he whispers, dragging the packaging closer to him so that it rests directly under his chin. He proceeds to scoop up a ball of noodles, shovelling them into his mouth hungrily.
“Haven't you already guessed?” Lestrade murmurs back, staring sleepily at a crumpet before John pushes the plate towards him, offering him one.
Starting university on monday so... updates henceforth will be very very sporadic and we'll just have to see how much time law school takes away from me I want to screm.
Well… Honestly though, if John hadn’t been such an enigma, Sherlock might not have allowed himself to have become so infatuated with him in the first place.
“No,” Sherlock absolutely refuses to let John finish that sentence, “No John, you will always be welcome here. This is your home as much as it is mine and I refuse to let you think otherwise.”
“What do you mean once?” John questions, turning to face Sherlock, giving Sherlock a good look of his face for the first time in three weeks.
He knows full well that what he’s about to do is an invasion of John’s privacy, knows that what he’s about to do is NOT GOOD AT ALL, but he doesn’t care as he lifts wary eyes to the flight of stairs before him, ascending them steadily like a man on a mission.
John hasn’t seen hide or hair of him, nor has he received any text from the man informing him where he is and John is starting to get worried.
She chuckles softly to herself as Sherlock harrumphs, doing his best to ignore her as he turns back to his microscope.
Sherlock's face growing red. He knows that he’s blushing and is absolutely certain that he must have spontaneously combusted.
Sherlock releases him slowly then, his arms unfurling as John continues to hold on, pressing his face up against his chest, inhaling deeply.
He gulps, watching with anticipation as the dark figure crawls closer till his vision narrows down to two glimmering opals, beautiful blue eyes that gaze back at him knowingly.
He smiles as he turns to face John, watching his friend’s face scrunch up in concentration as he flicks his wrist, sending the omelette on the frying pan soaring over in one fluid motion.
“John, I can’t,” Sherlock says, shaking his head, “This is your dinner. You’ve got a game on tomorrow. You need the nutrition-”
He retrieves his handphone from the side table once more, willing tears away as he dials in another number.
Without thinking, John makes a lunge for him, his eyes wild as Sherlock yelps, his lips meeting John’s in a firm press.
“-said she knew me to be an addict,” Sherlock continues, smirking sadly, “that she was doing it to help me lessen the pain. God, I’ve been so stupid I should have known by then that something was off.”
“So?” Sherlock snaps back, shifting a little to get more comfortable on his chair. This is going to be a long conversation.
However, now with Victor Trevor in the picture, will John have to share these moments with him, or basically share Sherlock in general? The answer is probably yes but it hurts to even think about it so John shakes his head. He should probably think of something else for the time being before he goes mad.
John sighs, shaking his head as he moves to sit, reaching out and tugging Sherlock’s hand, encouraging him to follow suit.
Sherlock whimpers, his eyes tightly shut as he digs his face further into the pillow, his teeth gritted.
“I used to fantasise for hours over that neck,” John murmurs, smiling down at Sherlock’s rapidly expanding chest, “Nearly always got hard when you removed your scarf back then-”
It has always been something that has irked Sherlock to no end, that despite his vast intellect, he'd met his match in a simple, middle-aged londoner who has a penchant for sweaters and scented baths.
, that there will be other times just like this one where they will go out for dinner and chat about everything and nothing at all, simply enjoying the presence of each other and Sherlock finds that he is really looking forward to these “next times”. They should probably go back to Angelo’s at some point, he hasn’t had proper contact with the man in a year… and they should probably go back to the Chinese restaurant they used to visit all the time. God knows he’s been craving a proper mix of dim sum for so long but has had no one to share it with… and they coul-
So when the time comes, he’ll just have to grit his teeth and help Mary and John through whatever circumstance that comes.
“Thanks for the offer Sherlock,” she had said, “It’s nice to know that you truly do care about John and I. Well… you already know my answer don’t you?”
This is probably the happiest he’s been in ages. Here with Sherlock in his arms… He can’t believe his luck… If not for Victor, they wouldn’t have gotten he-
“Of course,” he breathes. Sherlock takes that as his cue and lifts John’s shirt up off his body, revealing more and more skin till the piece of fabric is fully off. Sherlock hurls it away, his cheeks now deepening to a dark red as John’s eyes meet his.
He had gravitated towards his father in secondary school, not because of a loss of respect or love for his mother but rather - that Sherlock had started noticing something special in his father’s eyes, a quality that his mother, though intellectually gifted, seemed to lack.
Sherlock shudders as thoughts unbidden begin to race through his mind, coming up with possible scenarios for John wishing to become intimate with him even though none of them really make any sense.
It’s like a switch has been flicked in Sherlock’s brain, one that seems to be preventing any sort of rational cognitive function. “Don’t you dare pretend to know me better than I do,” Sherlock responds, enunciating each word with great malice.
So when Mycroft’s housekeeper calls for them both to rise and meet his brother in his study, Sherlock heaves a sigh of relief, happy to leave the stifling silence behind as he rises from his seat, making his way out of the door hurriedly.
“Fine, we do that and then we go home and pack,” he intones, turning back to face the car front, “Sounds like a plan.”
Mycroft had said that John’s return had accelerated a series of events… but what could he be referring to? And why would John returning to Baker Street have any effect on anything concerning his brother?
He watches as black tarmac turns into dusty dirt track, trees sprouting up on both sides of the car as they make their way down a surprisingly well-kept one-way road.
“That’s because I do up my hair and wear fancy clothing, John,” Sherlock spits, “That much is obvious.”
“I’m yours,” is all Sherlock says as he cups John’s cheek gently, shifting it so that he’s facing him. “I’m yours, I promise you.”
“You okay?” John queries, looking up at Sherlock who quickly shifts his face into a cold, unfeeling mask of indifference, turning swiftly away from John.
“John H. Watson” they read, and Sherlock clutches them tightly as he threatens to bubble over with joy.
“Could you all just shut up for five minutes?” he interjects, his voice laced with annoyance, “I have to go back. I was nearly there before you stepped on and starting
“Lemme sleep,” he mumbles in deep baritone, grabbing the object currently resting on his face (that he now realises to be a pillow) and throwing it in the general direction of the source of the foul noise that had disturbed his slumber.
“This is for Mary,” he says, his voice carrying a strong sense of finality as he gazes down at John, willing for him to understand.
Sherlock swallows, watching as Mary makes her way up to him while John oscillates near the open car door, clearly wondering whether he should come over or not.
He smiles at John again who bursts into another round of giggles, sending Sherlock chortling along with him. He wishes that they could stay like this forever, in this bubble of warmth and happiness, where there’s only the two of them and the rest of the world is just background noise.
“You might need to change the bed sheets,” Sherlock ventures, hoping to fish for more information on John’s sudden arrival at Baker Street, though to be honest, he’s sure he’s gotten most of it correct already. “No one’s been up there in a while so I’m not sure how much dust has collected since-”
“We’re running out of time Sherlock,” Mycroft straightens up, his hands pressed firmly onto the handle of his umbrella. “I can’t tell you exactly what for just yet-”
He slips the first finger in, Sherlock gasping at the sensation as his hold on John’s body tightens, his fingertips digging into John’s shoulders. John shifts the finger around for a bit, waiting till the tension has left Sherlock’s body before slipping another in.
“What- What just happened?” John manages after a moment, his eyes refusing to leave Sherlock’s as Sherlock’s cheeks redden visibly, blinking shyly.
Dammit, why is he focusing on his own misery? His mind palace imprint is fast-fading and he has to get back there if he wants to solve the case, pronto. In addition, he doesn’t need Mary’s affirmation to prove that he’s a genius to the others. All he needs to do is solve the case.
“If you wish to be closer to the action, the console room for comms is just one floor below,” he continues, fixing Sherlock with a wry smile, “I'll alert the attendant for you, all you two have to do will be to tell them that I sent you.”
He dashes off to his bedroom immediately, tears threatening to form at the corners of his eyes as he strips off his clothing, hurriedly pulling on a T-shirt as he burrows under the covers.
“John,” he murmurs, running a hand down John’s chest to where John’s hand is already furiously pumping away at his cock, “John, let me.”
The words hang heavy in the air for a moment, like a blade of a guillotine that can come crashing down at any moment but John sighs, breaking the tension as he strokes Sherlock’s curls gently, bending down to plant a kiss on his forehead.
He should probably thank Victor for keeping Sherlock company, for being such a great friend to him instead of wanting to burst into flame every time Sherlock mentions his name and yelling at Victor that on no account is he allowed to so much as touch Sherlock Holmes because goddammit he saw him first.
He whines as the pressure on his cheek is lifted, watching as the figure gives him a cheeky smile before their eyes disappear entirely. There are fingertips dragging against his neck, digging hard into his collarbone as the figure bends themselves, arching their back. A mouth descends on his right nipple, tonguing at it lightly before sucking slowly, laving it lavishly with their tongue as Sherlock mewls and cries out, his hands coming to rest on the figure’s back, digging in as their fingers continue their slow trek down his chest.
“In my defence, he was spectacularly annoying,” Sherlock mutters, rolling his eyes, “He had it coming.”
“I came in this morning to pass you breakfast but you were still asleep!” she sighs and says, putting on a faux expression of utter dejection. Sherlock’s blood runs cold, oh god how much had she seen?
“What you mean is, what are we not looking for,” Sherlock answers as he opens a sizeable heater cupboard.
He starts by preparing the onion, chopping the white flesh into thin slices while simultaneously wiping away the tears that are forcibly wrenched from his eyes. He continues with cracking the eggs, mixing the yolk and white till the liquid is nearly homogeneous - perfect for omelette.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, deliberately avoiding eye contact with John as he continues to pick at the pieces of pancake on his plate.
He’s so beautiful, Sherlock thinks to himself, watching as John’s hair glows in the fading light, flecks of gold shining bright against a canvas of silky grey. How is he so beautiful?
They descend into comfortable silence once again, the warmth of the flat wrapping around them as they lean into each other, their inhales and exhales in step.
There hadn’t been an edge to her voice this time, quite unlike the previous conversation that she and Sherlock had had. She’d sounded cool and collected this time round, her voice as smooth as silk as she’d responded to Sherlock’s proposition.
“No, those are my words, not yours!” Watson exclaims, sounding almost angry, “That is the version of you that I present to the public: the brain without a heart; the calculating machine. I write all of that, Holmes, and the readers lap it up, but I do not believe it.”
Come to think of it, knowing Mycroft, he probably hasn’t bothered to brief John on the details of his trip.
Sherlock had somehow managed to insinuate his way into John’s life, becoming a vital part of John’s being so much so that separation would be simply unbearable for him.
“Good idea John,” Sherlock smiles, sidling up to him, “That’ll probably make up for the Dragonite that seems to keep eluding us.”
“God I love your neck. Do you know? Before we got together… how often I used to look at it and imagine sinking my teeth into it? It’s so pale and long and absolutely pornographic-”
I intend to plop face down on the couch, but someone clears their throat and it startles me, and then I see it's not
"Dr. Watson," Sherlock said, nodding in his direction, finding his mouth also stretched into a grin.
"Well, I can't guarantee I'm right about my son, but I hope a lack of guarantee won't stop you. It would make me happy to see Sherlock settled down."
I'd managed to keep that part of my life completely separate from the crime solving and then, in the last year, from the life I shared with John. And now, here I was, staring down at the face of a murder victim I'd seen several times at The Red Hand.
Sherlock missed his mother and John. He missed Louisa. He'd refused Audrey's help and her advice, but she wouldn't let Louisa visit him at his flat. He could come see Louisa,
"I want to lick your hole and fuck it with my fingers, John," I muttered, the words coming unbeckoned. "Suck your cock. Swallow your cum. Fuck you hard enough to make you shout my name."
I back out of the Wagon and slam the hatch door shut. The sleet has turned to ice. Winter in the highlands is dangerous in the best of circumstances.
"Don't," John says, looking up at me, his mouth a white line in his face, a muscle in his jaw clenching and unclenching. I stare at it to avoid his eyes which are glittering wetly. He breathes in and out, shaky, but I lift my chin defiantly, building up the wall that I'd allowed to crumble in the face of John's improbable friendship, and say coldly, "I was here first, so I think it only fair that you be the one to move out."
"Arrogant and stubborn?" John asked with a wide grin on his face. Sherlock loved those grins, so with an answering smile, and unwilling to contradict John lest he lose his grin, Sherlock said, "Just so. Are you going to let me finish my story?"
John, all right? Can you and I just sit here for a moment, together, like we did when we were younger, and you were the only boy who didn't bore the shit out of me—"
And then I stopped abruptly, breathing heavily, and took a few seconds to catch my breath before groping the now hot, nearly magenta skin of John's arse. For the last few minutes, he'd been moaning regularly, his voice hoarse. I reached between his legs and wrapped my hand around his erection. John thrust into my hand. Feeling the copious amount of pre-ejaculate he had produced set something inside me even further ablaze.
I am greeted with a stunned silence and a sputtering Darrow says loudly, "You can't mean that, John! You've worked so hard to restore your ancestral heritage!"
He’d put an end to it, though, said no the next time Soren called, and ignored all his phone calls and texts until they’d stopped. The last one had been six weeks ago. He’d moped and sulked and been particularly rude to Donovan at a crime scene until Greg had taken him aside and lectured him about not treating people like shit if he wanted them not to think he was an arrogant arsehole, even if he actually
"I do believe I warned you about the family Christmas dinners," Mycroft says to John with one perfectly arched eyebrow.
This time John's indignant squawk is aimed at Sherrinford who he can just make out over Sherlock's shoulder. She's standing in the doorway, arms crossed, looking at him as though to say,
At that moment, as though conjured by magic, Sherlock appears. John wills his face not to give anything away. Sherlock frowns. "What are you two doing in here?"
and a bundle of knobby limbs with a long, black braid flying out behind as Louisa came crashing down the stairs and into his arms. She was the only thing he missed about this house.
"Oh, John," I whispered, moving towards him, skirting the contents of my trunk easily without taking my eyes off of him. I reached for him, but he darted out of my reach. His body language was so unyielding, even as his face seemed on the verge of falling into dejection. "Do you really believe I think so little of you?" I asked, my words an echo of Oasis's Tuesday night in the club.
"I'm going to make sure you're nice and clean," John says, voice raised to be heard over the shower, "because I plan to do very dirty things to this body," and squeezes my arse cheeks. I'm hard now, and lightheaded, not surprising considering the extreme chemicals my brain is dumping into my body, going from the chemical dump of panic that my shame would be revealed, and John would be disgusted, to the chemical dump of lust, which isn't all that different, really, the brain itself a slave to the amygdala, which lies, hidden and protected, deep inside the brain. A bit like Mycroft—tucked up safely, bossing everyone else around and sticking his nose in everyone's business.
. He'd just fucked her in the bed he shared with John! He'd have to wash the sheets and take a shower to get the smell of sex out of the flat. He was angry—at her, at himself, at John.
the crime had been committed. Sherlock had shown him from the very beginning that he would do anything—including risk his life—to get that drug-like hit.
When John showed up Tuesday afternoon a little earlier than what time he'd said he would, Sherlock was in the kitchen watching the kettle boil so he could make tea for the two of them. Sherlock looked up with a smile as John came into the kitchen, but his smile faded at the serious—almost severe—look on John's face.
Sherlock shook his head. His erection was already losing blood. She looked keen, but he couldn't bear the thought of having her mouth around him. He knew that he was using her—she was a stand-in for John, a hotly lush
After delivering my orders, Mrs. Hudson marches off, her pumps clicking on the hardwood floors. Obediently, I fill the kettle and set it into the heating element, trying to squash the urge to snoop. I get down three mugs, collect three tea bags to drop into them, and open the fridge to get out the milk.
Despite his complaints, I can see him smiling softly as he hangs up his jacket. He's wearing the cobalt blue cashmere cardigan I gave him at Christmas over a white knit button-down. (His other Christmas presents were a Donegal tweed cardie in the classic Irish style, a navy Paul Smith cable knit V-neck sweater, and a Corliani cashmere cable knit in plum, which does
. John's eyes were full of it—it raged and burned in his face and Sherlock knew that whether John stayed or not, Sherlock would never have anyone else like this. "If I stay—" John said finally, "forever means
, while John's lips and tongue and then his hands slowly opened up all the most tender places in Sherlock's heart.
"Where's Louisa?" Sherlock asked, picking his blue dressing gown off the floor and shrugging back into it. He belted it tightly, feeling strangely vulnerable.
Deeper in the flat, I hear footsteps and then Sherlock rounds the edge of the wall, yawning and scratching his balls, his hair a wild mess. He's wearing a dressing gown but it's not belted and there's nothing on beneath it.
"You can't do that!" Sherlock shouted indignantly. "You don't have the right to dictate what I do or don't do with my time!"
Sherlock dried off, then wiped the steam from the mirror. He brushed and flossed, lifted his arms and rolled on antiperspirant. Before his hair could dry on the ends, he took down the anti-frizz serum he used, squeezed a dollop in the middle of his palm, rubbed his hands together briskly, then finger combed it through his hair. He washed his hands, got out his shaving gel and fitted a new blade on his razor. He worked up a good lather and spread it on his face. When he picked up his razor he realized his hands were shaking. He stared at them in confusion. Why were they shaking? Oh, right. He wasn't thinking about that. Instead, Sherlock very carefully and slowly, allowing for the tremor in his hands, shaved his face. He patted on a bit of what John called his
What if John had no need to justify obedience to me as beneficial to my work, because he found pleasure in the simple act of obedience? What if John's unswerving loyalty and willingness to do everything I asked of him came from a deeper need, one which only I (hopefully) could satisfy?
John's mouth twitched with a smile, but he turned serious. "I've wanted you since the day we met, Sherlock. I didn't think sex was ever going to be an option, much less
Thus, the boxes in the attic of my mind palace burst open, and the equilibrium in my life was overthrown. Now I was in torment. I had no sense of self-preservation when it came to my life, but when my heart was on the line? Was the possibility of love with John worth losing what we already had even if it would never truly be enough?
It had been two weeks since he'd needed a day like today, and he knew it had been brought on by texting Sherlock, and then fucking what's-his-name in the alley.
Sherrinford gives him a slightly disapproving look. "Don't play dumb. I mean, are you and he together?"
"Oh, and I used the voice recognition software to program your computer so that Sherlock can't get past your lock screen. I'll help you set it up later, but basically you pick a phrase and then you tell the computer that it can't unlock the screen for any reason other than
Nadia laughed, and beamed her dimples at him. "Not at all, Dr. Watson. As your nurse, it's my duty to see that you are up to optimal performance and you, sir, are up to nothing except a hot shower and a long nap. I've already cleared it with Dr. Sawyer and she said she can take over if it gets busy."
For a moment, Mycroft's shoulders slump with real defeat, but he gathers himself and turns to Sherlock. "How on earth do you propose that I should be able to twist an invitation to spend Christmas with our
John started up the stairs, but she stopped him, and said, "I've got some scones just out of the oven. Wait here and I'll get you to take them up."
"Please do. So, it was dark, late at night, probably around ten in the evening when they found me. Mum scooped me up in her arms, cradling me, and she said I told her grumpily that she'd woken me up, and that waking people up when they were sleeping was very rude. I'm sure that was something I'd heard her say. Dad was always very solicitous with us, gentle where Mum was brusque, indulgent where Mum was strict, so I’m fairly certain I didn’t hear it from him.
"I can't! I just—Sherlock doesn't want me!" he says miserably. "He's married to his—hang on. Did you say that we
"I'm just going to get a coffee, then," she said, stepping up to the machine. She fitted the pod in, and they stayed silent as the machine made its usual whirring sound before filling her mug. The smell of coffee curled up through the room and Sherlock took a deep breath. He liked coffee, but John liked tea and Sherlock had never seen a reason to drink anything else.
The smiley face significantly reduced his credibility in Sherlock's opinion, but nobody had asked for his opinion.
John hid behind that group of women and followed them as they made their way into the church. Before he could slip unobtrusively into a back pew, he was handed a leaflet by a teenage girl who was obviously related to Sherlock and Mycroft. John did a double take. This was obviously not Louisa, but it was as though someone had merged Sherlock and Mycroft into one person, then added a softer, rounder body, and brown eyes. A cousin, perhaps. Jesus, how many Holmeses
John got up and started towards me. We maintained eye contact the whole time he walked towards me. I pushed away from the table, staying seated, and slouched slightly, my legs stretched out in front of me, spread wide. He moved to stand in front of me. I reached for him, hooking my fingers in his belt loops and yanked him forward so he was standing in between my legs. I looked up at him, unable to help the grin that spread across my face.
"There's my gorgeous girl," he said, and scooped her up into his arms. He almost couldn't lift her anymore. He gave her a good squeeze, and she buried her cold nose into his neck making him cry out.
John spent Sunday in bed all day, watching TV and sleeping. Since being summarily ejected from the brief but perfect life he'd shared with Sherlock, John's depression had almost disappeared, but it still came back occasionally to bite him in the arse. Today was one of those days. John didn't think he'd ever move past the hurt that was losing Sherlock, and didn't bother denying to himself that his offer of friendship to Sherlock wasn't given largely to keep some connection to him.
and I claimed him three years ago, when I first saw him, too young to be limping, and he watched me with eager eyes and said,
Nonetheless, he caught up to three older women wearing oddly cheerful colors, and he could automatically tell they were wealthy. They greeted and began merging with a group of nervous and more soberly dressed women, some of them teenagers, and all of them with the twitchy and vigilant eyes of someone suffering PTSD. Just like with the older women, John could tell that
Then he heard Sherlock behind him, calling his name, begging him to stop. John's first instinct was to run, but he checked himself. He was a grown man and running away like a coward wasn't going to subdue his sadness at what had happened between him and Sherlock. So, John turned and faced the man who had stolen his heart and then thrown it away.
"There you are!" Sherrinford announces from the mouth of the hallway. All three of them whirl to face her as she marches towards them. She's scowls at the girls and says, "Mum and Dad are waiting for you two in the entry hall. It's time for Mass. Besides, John didn't come here to be attacked by two nosy brats."
This time Audrey actually slumped while rolling her eyes, managing to convey both exasperation and exhaustion. "He doesn't want to
They stood in silence for a while, enjoying the calm before what was sure to be a nightmare of solicitors and meetings, audits of their mutual estate and possessions, arrangements and agreements. No matter how amicable, the road ahead of them was fraught with opportunities for bitterness and regret. Maintaining their affection for each other wouldn't be guaranteed, although they had a pre-existing friendship in their favor. In fact, Sherlock thought it likely he and Audrey had only
"Oh, God," John forces out on his next heaving breath. "C'mon, let's go to the bedroom. You promised to fuck me."
"Normal," John huffs in laughter. "No offense, but I thought for sure you were all mad and that's why Sherlock didn't want me here. But you lot are totally normal, other than Mycroft and Sherlock. Though I suppose that's genius for you."
The engine is running, the heater on full blast and the inside of the Wagon is too hot for me. I pull off my wet jacket and toss it into the footwell of the passenger seat. Then I pull back onto the road and turn back towards home.
, because it was over and it was staying over. He wanted to ask Mrs. Hudson if she'd been waiting for him to show up, hiding in the foyer until she saw him, and then chivvied him to the middle of the pew so he couldn't get away without causing a disturbance.
Four miserable days later, Soren had contacted him, and they’d had a brilliant shag on the floor of his living room, and then three more times after that. Soren contacted him each time and, each time, Sherlock went, though he knew he shouldn’t. He was lonely after so long with someone else in his pocket. Sex was, at least, a way of pushing that away.
I'm burning up, face and body. I open the wine fridge and bend to press my face into it. I feel him move and I jerk upright. One of his hands lands on my hip and the other appears in front of me clutching a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. I feel his body heat behind me, but we're not touching. If I were brave, I would lean back against him.
gesture and John—helpless to stop himself—goes thither. Sherlock stands John between his spread knees before sitting up straight and tilting his head back so that he's looking up at John. It's a novel experience, looking down at Sherlock Holmes. Speaking of novel, the permission to frame Sherlock's face between his hands and bend to press their lips together is still new enough to give John nervous flutters in his chest.
shirt when Sherlock guided them down together to sit on the edge of the bed. Sherlock began taking off his shoes and nodded at John, who took the hint and began to remove his own shoes and socks. They did it quietly, side by side. There was nothing sexy about it, nothing that drove their arousal higher. Instead, they glanced at each other, faces flushed with bashfulness more than lust, but they
John stood and turned to Sherlock, who was still standing in his coat, one glove on, keys in hand and grinned at the stunned look on Sherlock's face.
. I've had a very long time for this story to marinate in my brain shack so writing it has been easier and taken much less time than other stories I've written. But because it's been sitting with me for so long, I feel a little sad and letdown that it's over now. That's pretty much how I feel when Christmas is over, too!
fairly confident, yes," Sherlock says with a grin. Then he wraps his arms around John's body, his hands cupping John's arse. With one tug, Sherlock pulls him onto his lap. "Judging by the erection you're rubbing against my stomach, I have every reason to feel confident." Then his long fingers with their knobby knuckles have somehow opened John's trousers without him realizing it and are wrapped around the aforementioned erection and—
With constant flicks of my wrist, I peppered his arse with the sting of the flapper, never hitting the same spot twice in a row. Instead I moved quickly over the entirety of the
Sherlock frowns and yanks his phone out of his pocket, giving them his back and bending over it. He taps out a text and then waits, glaring at his phone. Not five seconds go by before he does it again.
"Solicitors," Sherlock said and wrinkled his nose. "A trial separation is when two people who are married decide to live apart for a while because they think they might want a divorce, but they're not quite ready to take the step to start divorce proceedings."
to imagine John with someone else, to imagine him falling in love, getting married, moving out of our
John looks down at his hands, feeling both flattered and chastised. They're quiet for a moment and John tries to come up with a clever way to keep her talking about Sherlock, but opts for straightforwardness.
Sherrinford leans towards John as though she's going to whisper something in his ear, but Sherlock grips John's bicep and snatches him away from her. "What are you telling him?" he asks her with narrowed eyes.
"John, I'm so glad you came," Mrs. Hudson said, pushing him relentlessly to the middle of the pew, while managing to look both tearful and weak. Reluctantly, John scooted to the middle to allow Mrs. Hudson to sit next to him and Mrs. Hudson's sister to sit on the aisle side. John couldn't help but glower. Mrs. Hudson patted his knee. "Agnes, this is Dr. John Watson. I told you about him." The sisters exchanged a look that made John turn a furious shade of red.
to cull still shots of you and my brother from CCTV footage it should be obvious those photos have far superior resolution than what CCTV provides."
The fact that Sherlock has been reduced to only the fundamentals of language by their smoking hot snogging session makes a giggle bubble up in John. It turns into a laugh and that causes Sherlock to frown at him, clearly offended, which just ratchets John's amusement up and up until his face is pressed against Sherlock's shoulder as he's wracked with sudden emotion—joy, love, forgiveness, passion.
As they walk back the way they came, a cold drizzle starts to fall. John and Will break into a jog. It only takes a few minutes for them to reach Pombley Way. When they walk in, shaking water off their coats, the house feels empty.
would play out between them and as the knowledge sank in, he was overcome by a lightness, a giddiness that left him breathless. He realized he was, in fact, holding his breath and let it out in a whoosh before he began to walk towards the front of the class.
. Whether he means for these words to be spoken aloud or not, they only add to the spiralling, twisting frenzy of pleasure inside me. I would jerk myself off except that I know I need both arms and knees to remain upright.
Sherlock, unaware of having crossed the remaining feet between them, planted both hands on the desk, trapping John between them and leaned forward. John licked his lips and reached forward to fist a hand in the fabric on each side of Sherlock's open coat, and tugged him more snugly between his legs.
enjoy being tied up, spanked, and fucked—the thought was too much. I couldn't find a place to begin to unravel everything I was feeling, much less attempt to guess what
?" John splutters with a disbelieving laugh. "At least Mycroft doesn't pretend to care about me, Sherlock, so his secretiveness is mostly just annoying.
John's eyes were moist with tears, but he didn't seem distressed. At least, if he was distressed, it was only the result of extreme, unrelieved arousal.
and the thought of Sherlock's cock pushing into him makes his head swim. He avoids Sherlock's eyes. "I've never—not, not a—just fingers. Only—yeah, that. Fingers."
I pulled him to me and pressed our lips together, lingering but not deepening the kiss. The slap I landed on his arse when we pulled apart made him yelp.
John groans and puts his face in his hands. There's no point in telling Mycroft to stay out of his medical records.
that living had seemed insurmountable. That was generally the apathetic phase of his depressions, and yes—they were depressions. He'd called them
"Knock, knock!" comes Sherrinford's voice from the doorway, purposefully over loud. "I'm not looking in case you're indecent, but Mum says, and I quote,
Face flushing painfully hot, I remove myself to the loo and search frantically for the items necessary to clean myself out, only I've not had sex in my own flat since John moved in here, save for once or twice in the beginning, when I could sneak someone in and out with John none the wiser. Since then, I have indulged, but never here, and obviously condoms were involved which keeps semen in and other—
"These two silly creatures are my twin sisters Charysa and Eurus. Separately they're tolerable, but together they leave one feeling much the same way I imagine the citizens of Constantinople felt after the city was sacked by the Ottomans."
John made a grumpy face and Sherlock kissed it off and replaced it with a happy, pleased face, which was Sherlock's second favorite John-face. The first being the one that made the skin around his eyes crinkle.
. No matter how many orgasms John had given him, the kid deserved to at least be fucked in a proper bed.
The Red Hand was a BDSM club. I'd purchased a membership two years ago immediately after I'd learned there was such a place. I was thirty-two and had been aware of my inclinations since my late twenties. Up until I learned of The Red Hand, I'd had to scrounge through internet rubbish heaps in the hopes of finding partners. Within the world of BDSM, my tastes are quite common, but being a gay male Dominant in search of a gay male submissive had always been difficult. Even at The Red Hand, I'd had difficulty finding a regular sub, and even more difficulty finding a regular sub I actually wanted to have sex with. I spent what felt like an entire year when I first joined the club wanking in the bathrooms after watching countless scenes—and participating in a few—without having a sub of my own and an outlet for the arousal such scenes inspired.
but knew that John would bring up a barrier and lock Sherlock out. He would say the same thing he'd been saying for six weeks:
With that, Oasis walked off, leaving me to perform the agonizing job of breaking up with Geoff. He was angry, of course, as he had a right to be. We'd had a comfortable play partnership and great sex, but I'd never thought of us as more than that. We'd never said we were exclusive—although neither of us had had sex with other people. Well,
food for thought), and she wasn't the typical aristocratic wife. She wasn't chilly or backstabbing or false in her friendship. She was sometimes, he thought, far too innocent for the society in which they lived. Again, like John.
"Which brings me to my next question. To clarify my intent, I'm enquiring along this line of information because I very badly want to have sex with you," Sherlock says, trying to fight a smile. "In fact, there's a section in your wing of my mind palace that has a year's worth of libidinous acts I want to perpetrate upon your person. I believe the slang term for it is
find out and when he does, the exhilarating life they have together will be over. Why would a man single-mindedly devoted to his work, hateful towards the drives of his body, and derisive about sentiment—why would he suddenly change all that just because John's in love with him?
Everyone looks up when they walk in and John automatically blushes, then purses his lips in displeasure.
John and Sherlock found themselves grinning stupidly at each other, their grins fueled by recognition and a large measure of shared joy at finding it.
"Technically it's the breakfast table right now," Sherlock says in that pettish voice John suspects hasn't changed much in the last twenty years.
?" He glanced at Mrs. Hudson's door, worrying about her safety. "Is Mrs. Hudson home? If there's danger, we need to get her out of here!"
"I don't mean to pry, John. I know Sherlock can be difficult, but I hope the two of you can work out whatever's got both of you looking so unhappy."
"Sh, it's okay, settle," John says, and me over onto my back. I'm breathing shallowly and quickly, and white fairy lights dance in my peripheral vision. He soothes me, stroking sticky hands down my sides, and then he fits my feet flat against the mattress, pulling me back and up onto his thighs while also scooting forward. He fits his arms underneath my legs, the backs of my knees resting in the cradles of his elbows and bends forward over my body. He's looking down between us and I'm gripping the sheets and babbling while he puts one hand on himself and
"Fucking hell," I mutter and turn off the winch. I go over to the burn and lean over the side. "Stop trying to use your feet against the side of the berm! Lean back in the harness, cross your legs at the knee, and draw them up against your bum. Just let the winch do its job, yeah? Stop trying to climb the damn berm yourself." I wait for him to nod. His face is deathly white, and I'm struck with sympathy even as I shake my head.
John squares his shoulders. Sherrinford is both the most approachable Holmes and also, somehow, the most terrifying. He slinks his way into the sitting room, but before he can sit down she says, "I've made you a cup of tea," and points at the Keurig in the kitchenette. "You'll have to fix it the way you like it."
Sitting down finally, he forces himself to meet Sherrinford's gaze. She's angry, not surprising, and the gimlet eye she pierces him with lays his cowardice bare. Shame froths nauseatingly in his gut.
Dr. Watson’s eyes crinkled when he smiled, and he smiled constantly. He had wrinkles everywhere, managing to look both middle aged and boyishly handsome. He was a short man—Sherlock estimated 170 centimeters in his stockinged feet and maybe five centimeters more with his shoes on. His hair had been dishwater blonde once and was now streaked with grey and although both of those were dull colors, together they made his hair into something extraordinarily bright. His face had three days worth of whiskers and once or twice before getting to Sherlock, he’d grinned wide enough to show the entire row of his top teeth, which were as bright as everything else about him. He was confident and whether that was because he was much lauded for what he did or was just naturally that confident wasn’t clear.
"Perfect," Sherlock whispered and they leaned towards each other, crossing the last few inches. Sherlock saw John's mouth open slightly right before they touched and, with a comfort and familiarity that had no knowable source, he fit his mouth against John's and swallowed the happy sigh John let out as they finally came together.
John's surprised at how fond of the Holmeses he's become in such a short time. He wants to reach out and tousle Charysa's hair, but stops himself. Instead he gives her a grin and a wink when she pouts at him.
Sherlock put his phone away and looked up. The woman was still talking to Dr. Watson who walked up onto the dais and began putting away his laptop and turning off the projector. His body language said
"When they were sixteen, Sherlock and Victor had some kind of falling out. I'm not sure what happened, but we never saw Victor again. It devastated Sherlock and there was nobody here for him to talk to about it except Mum and Dad, but that was the same year Mum got pregnant with the twins. She was put on bedrest, so Dad was taking care of her all the time and there was Sherlock, going through this awful loss and nobody around to help him with it."
It was money well spent, he thought, as he and John gathered up their things, bodies listing towards each other as they walked, hands brushing, completely unaware of anything outside of each other with the exception of trying to pay enough attention not to run into things. They'd mostly succeeded until Sherlock thrust his hip against the bar of one side of the outside doors while grinning stupidly at John and found himself banging his head against it when the door refused to open. John laughed and pointed to the sign on the door Sherlock was currently glaring at.
want you to come to breakfast, okay?" They both grin at him hopefully. They're in matching sets of pajamas which John finds odd. Don't twins grow out of that type of thing? It distracts him momentarily and he takes a few seconds to respond while he blinks away the night's sleep. "Ah, okay then. I will be down for breakfast at nine o'clock sharp."
John's overflowing with joy, feeling as though he's gained so much more than he ever allowed himself in any of his fantasies where he and Sherlock got together. He never expected a family in the bargain, or to be cared about so much by people he's only known a few days, simply by dint of loving Sherlock.
They sit in silence for a while, and John drains the last of his cold tea, wincing at the taste. Sherrinford's given him much to think about, and even though this story makes John sad for and feel protective of Sherlock, there's the bubbling resentment at Sherlock's secretiveness. Sherlock has told John little about his past, but it's not like John expects him to lay out
The woman who was last to speak sat down and although Sherlock stood up automatically, he found that everything he'd planned to say had disappeared and the sudden silence flustered him. His face turned red and he tried again, but what came out of his mouth when he opened it was—
John smiles and shakes his head. "Not bloody likely if Mycroft hasn't managed it yet." John takes the opportunity to spring his curiosity on Sherrinford. "Speaking of Mycroft, what's the deal between him and Sherlock?"
about what I meant to you? Because you didn't want me to think I was anything more than just a flatmate and convenient errand boy?"
by Sherlock, a hunger he hadn't let John see before now. "I want to lay you out and suck you dry, fuck you hard enough for it to
by emotion that I arranged the evidence to suit my theory rather than the other way around. That's why even though it
"Oh, I'm well aware of your version of playful. Basically, you bother people until they're forced to pay attention to you."
He allows himself to imagine that he's still sitting in Sherlock's lap, legs spread, one of Sherlock's arms locked tight around him, the hand digging into his hip while Sherlock's other hand takes over for John, stroking, sliding. John has imagined what Sherlock is like, sexually, whether he's aggressive or shy or matter-of-fact and he believes—although maybe just because this is how he likes to imagine it—that Sherlock is predatory in bed, that he takes his lovers mercilessly, so that's what John imagines. Those slender pale fingers and that deep dark voice murmuring obscenities in John's ear.
and jumped off her lap, ran from the morning parlor to the back door, and out onto the back lawn. I kept running and running, crying and crying, feeling so persecuted. That's exactly how it felt—like I was being persecuted. First, Mycroft went off to school, then Mummy threatened to kick me in the shins for no reason.
"Yes. Well, I suppose I'll just come straight out and say it, and if you think I'm a loony, you can just send me packing. In March, I had a nervous breakdown in my neighbor's shearing shed. Bit embarrassing, that, and, well—more than a bit embarrassing, actually. I couldn't do it anymore, you see. Letting go of everything, that is. By the way, Mrs. Hudson went downstairs to get biscuits in case you were wondering why I'm making three cups of tea when there's only two of us."
1. I used the names Sherrinford and Eurus for two of the sisters because those are names already familiar to us, being associated with canon. For the third sister, I remembered a guy I dated before I met my husband who had a daughter named Charysa. I thought it was bizarre enough of a name to belong to a Holmes.
"Hi," he whispered when Sherlock looked down at him. Sherlock automatically returned John's soft smile. John took his hand and turned, leading him to his own sofa. He pushed at Sherlock's shoulders and Sherlock landed with a
There was almost no light in Sherlock's bedroom. One window looked onto the next house and Sherlock always kept the curtains drawn. The other window looked out onto Siddons Ln. and faced east, which meant the buildings opposite blocked almost all the sunlight coming in during the first part of the day. Now it was evening, and winter, and natural light was non-existent.
weird words all the way around the ring written in VERY VERY SMALL print. John told me they were ELEMENTS and if you looked them up on the PERIODIC TABLE
I had my hands pressed together, fingertips to fingertips, but quick as a striking snake, she had both hands gripped tightly in hers and was leaning over the table, her own face inches from mine, eyes pleading and fierce at once. "Do you know the phrase
table). Then he pointed his finger at each of the squares where those words were found and then he wrote down their chemical symbol. He gave me the note he wrote it on so here I will write it out for you.
"This is Sherrinford," Sherlock then says, turning John towards the woman standing next to Mycroft. She's got beautiful auburn hair, cut short, that curls like Sherlock's. Her hourglass figure draws John's eyes and he relies on two decades of training to keep his eyes on her face and not stare at her breasts.
Full dark descends on the country. Once again, everyone has gathered in the sitting room, the warm heart of Pombley Way. John knows now that the French doors in this room lead to the apple orchard that is Will Holmes's cherished joy. The whole thing is entirely glassed in, which is why they have apples in winter.
They both stilled at the sound of the upstairs floorboards creaking. John looked at Sherlock and hissed, "What is going
"Shame on me for what?" Sherlock asks Eurus, pulling on her ponytail. She huffs and slaps his hand away.
Sherlock murmurs something to his mother and she nods seriously, then pulls aside Eurus and Charysa and repeats whatever Sherlock said. The focus of the women around the table suddenly moves from John back to the puzzle. Sherlock turns to John and asks, "Puzzle?"
"Ah, well, ohhhh," I moan while the end of his tongue slides from the helix of my ear down to the attached lobule. Unlike me, John has lovely, plump earlobes, and I have wiles away a dozen hours or more focused solely on how I might lick and suck on them were I to be offered the chance. "Oh, fuck it, I've forgotten," I finally confess.
At John's behest, he washed his hair, and then a second time, his face, and then John took over, not at all shy about washing Sherlock's genitals or between his buttocks. Sherlock was hardly shy, having been in this exact position at least half a dozen times during the time he and John were lovers, but this time it was embarrassing rather than arousing. John gave himself a perfunctory wash and then bustled them out of the bathroom and into the bedroom, where he gave Sherlock a clean t-shirt and drawstring bottoms to change into. With only a towel around his waist, John disappeared into the sitting room and came back dressed in pajamas as well.
John rallies and composes himself. "No, wait, I already answered your question. It's my turn to ask something."
"I don't care about all that," John said, slashing his hand through the air. "I want to know—if I hadn't come home early from work, when would you have told me about her?"
Sherlock lets out a sound somewhere between a groan and a growl, and all restraint flees. John always pictured Sherlock as being sexually aggressive and all those imaginings—the fantasies that fill his own wank bank—they shudder apart under the onslaught of reality.
The phone rang a final time with Mycroft's number, and this time John turned his phone off. He might have gone back to sleep, or maybe just slipped into a fugue because almost immediately there was a banging on his door. John sat up in bed, and rubbed his hands roughly over his face. He had four days' worth of facial hair. It itched and he spent a few seconds scratching at it, trying to remember why he'd woken up, when the knocking came again.
I'm on my way into Inveraray to watch the footie when I see him. This road is private and the only place it leads is to my house or to the Darrow's place. A gate cuts it off from the old military road that emerges from the trees and runs parallel to the River Shira. So there shouldn't be anyone out here that I don't know, and certainly not anyone who'd be idiot enough to get himself stuck down the bottom of a burn. There's dozens of them everywhere and over time they erode away the earth, creating steep sides. This is where he is. I wouldn't have seen him if it weren't for the flapping up of his coat as he falls down the five foot, thirty degree gradient berm he's trying to climb.
"Oh, I plan to," John purrs and plunges two fingers inside me, spreading them, rotating, not attempting at this point to seduce or arouse but to prepare, quickly and efficiently.
engagement ring is a ring you give to someone when you ask them to marry you!!! DAD WAS GOING TO ASK JOHN TO MARRY HIM!!!!! That is
"Oh? And what's that?" John asked, his voice a little breathless. How could he not be aroused when Sherlock was staring at him like that? Like—like John had surprised him and delighted him and
"Good afternoon, John," Mycroft Holmes says from John's own chair, never once turning his head towards the kitchen.
chair looking like a large-ish cinnamon roll or maybe a light brown coconut. Toby was sprawled at her feet, his chin pressed on the seat and in the process of sliding off the leather. There was drool involved. Sophia's head was angled towards Toby's.
She looked genuinely confused at his brusqueness. Sherlock inhaled sharply as she stepped up to him. She was tall with long, lustrous dark hair, and striking hazel eyes—brown near the pupil and blue-green at the edge of her irises. She wasn't dressed for work in her usual modest pencil skirt and jacket. Instead, she was wearing a whimsical pale pink chiffon dress, the bodice embroidered with flowers. It fell below her knees and even the plunging neckline was modest, tailored to meet just below her collarbone. Her long hair was pulled back in a sensible ponytail.
3. In the earliest drafts of this story, I followed both ACD and BBC canon and used "Musgrave Hall" as the name for the Holmes family home, but after typing it over and over, I realized that I really hated the word "Musgrave." It sounds like the bastard offspring of a weasel and a wolverine. If you know my writing, you know I have no compunction about changing something canonical if it suits the story. In this case, it very much suited the
John had not replied. Sherlock breezed into the flat thirty minutes later in triumphant good humor, the usual predatory gleam in his eyes that meant he was going to fuck John into a stupor. John had said
again, well—we're just not going to think about it, okay? Right now, I'm just trying to keep my head, and that means focusing on one thing at a time." John took a deep breath and then looked at Sherlock like he dared Sherlock to contradict him.
After they'd smiled at each other for a minute, he told John it was his turn, and John's eyebrows drew together when he said, "My turn to what?"
"Help me carry these boxes up and I'll show you what else I'm packing," John said and waggled his eyebrows lewdly.
"Tuesday night—you weren't pretending, were you?" John accused. "These clubs—you've been to them before, haven't you? So is that why you wouldn't take me? You thought I would embarrass you? Because I'm so
"Jesus!" John says, holding a hand on his heart. "You can't keep doing that to me. You'll give me a heart attack."
I pull a second steak out of the freezer and prep two sweet potatoes to bake in the oven for ninety minutes. While we wait, I push snacks on Sherlock—pecan halves imported from Texas, USA; two leftover sausage rolls; six chocolate HobNobs. We also polish off a bottle of wine.
going to end up here, I realize. How could we not? Any idiot who looked in the face of either of us would see that unassailable truth.
my head back, exposing more of my throat. Then his teeth close over the tendon to the left of my suprasternal divot, and he bites it hard enough for me to cry out—not words, just sound, my body instinctively twisting away. John holds me in place with his hands on my shoulders. They're strong for being so small, and I can only imagine the delicate way in which they would fit inside me, open my body up.
"What word would you prefer I use to refer to it?" John said with slicing sarcasm. "Clearly you've had your whole fucking
Sherlock sighs, and turns his face towards John. "It's five minutes walking distance from a tiny village which you will never have heard of." He turns back to face the window and John huffs through his nose.
