“That certainly was a surprise, Mr Holmes,” the older officer laughed. “In the future, it may be a better idea to tell Dr Watson anytime you plan on sending him off to the airport with very realistic replicas of body parts shoved into his baggage.”
Anderson, of course, took stubbornness to levels meant for daytime soap operas. Phone calls, texts and desperately expensive gifts were an everyday occurrence until he finally moved into his own flat on Baker Street a few months later.
Mr. Haversham must be there to finally fix the loose dresser handle that John had been begging him to do since he first arrived. So much for him sleeping the rest of the day undisturbed.
He lay in bed later that evening, his thoughts chasing themselves around his head. What Sherlock had been proposing, would it work? Could they have physical contact, still bring each other pleasure, without being partners? Other people had done it, could they?
“Yes,” John sighs, then groans as Sherlock hovers over his inner thigh. “But not until after two o’clock. Remember I told you that a new doctor came on staff to deal with the morning crowd on—“
A server with tons of tattoos and piercings placed two more pints on the table and walked away without a word.
“Oh! Well, that’s certainly different!”
Seb made a groaning noise in the back of his throat, but before he could say anything, Sherlock whipped around, grabbed John's gun off the table and pointed it right at Sebastian's head. The action of a bullet about to go through Sebastian Moran's head was becoming a habit.
to anyone else, but it’s more than that. Love can’t be placed in a cage in the dark and expect to survive, no matter how much attention you give it. I was wrong for not treating our relationship with the respect it deserved, and too late in my placations of showing it later. The restaurant...the small asides to you to keep our status quiet...they were wrong and painful, and I am so sorry for doing all of that to you, Sherlock.”
By the time John reaches the pub, he is so out of sorts that he almost misses the DI waving him over to a small booth in the back. He sits down and cradles the beer that Greg has already ordered him, at a loss for where to start.
John snorted at that.
Sorry, Fandoms_Unite, we've killed you again. Do we need to send your cats a tuna casserole?
listening. The type of listening that John rarely sees, but savours with his entire being. Those dazzling eyes alight with formulaic understanding as pieces of a puzzle are formed from particles in the air that only Sherlock can orchestrate into a language of explanation. It’s the same rapt attention that John felt during that initial meeting, where he offered his mobile to the man that now held his heart in such lovely hands.
Carefully, so he could judge Sherlock's control over his legs, John lifted his hand. When he deemed it safe to remove his hand entirely, he brought it up and pinched one rosy nipple between his thumb and index finger. He was
Sherlock stays stock still, staring at John, blinking rapidly. He’d forgotten. Or, more accurately, he’d pushed the memory down. After John had hastily backed off and never shown any interest in him again, Sherlock had assumed that he misread the situation — confused John being friendly for flirting.
The Sherlock he’s seeing today is one that usually only appears at home, the relaxed, gentle soul whose walls have fallen all the way down. The man that comforts scared children and stops to pet every dog he sees, the man who is usually hidden behind a hundred layers of defences. John knows that Sherlock hasn’t had an easy life, that the defensive, sharp-tongued detective has been shaped by years of being treated as an outcast, but here he gets to witness the true man inside. Over the past year and a half they’ve worked hard to get where they are, acknowledging their flaws and celebrating their successes, and John is grateful for every second of it. He wants more. He wants it forever.
“Uh, we were just—” John looked over to Sherlock, who rolled his eyes and nodded. Why should he care if they ran off to have coffee? It wasn’t like John needed his permission. “—sure. Which station are you going to?”
Their laughter lulls, and the pair fall into a comfortable silence. Sherlock is desperate for the night to never end, for this version of John to stay with him forever. Things will change after the wedding; he knows they will. Even more so than they changed after Sherlock ‘died’, and he’s not sure he can handle that again. Although it’s not her fault, it feels as if Mary is taking parts of John away from him. Small snippets here and there, but it's enough for their dynamic to have changed. But not tonight. Tonight feels like old times.
“Ok.. that’s good then.”
“What’s wrong, Molly?” Irene finally asks when she realises the other woman hasn’t spoken in a few minutes. Molly swallows her pride and mumbles out the request she’d been holding onto since the beginning of the call.  “About tomorrow...can we not go out?”
“Please...John, let's just talk about this later when the Pierce case is a bit further along. We’ll have a proper talk and figure out—“
"Will you take the last tablet and have some pancakes, please? Then I need to check those stitches on your leg." When Sherlock nodded, John stood up and held out a hand to help Sherlock up. "And don't worry about the toaster. I threw a table through the window earlier."
A pause on the other end of the line stretched into seconds with no end in sight. John was immediately struck with a vision of his boyfriend frozen in the middle of a busy London crossing. His silver-blue eyes wide as his mind palace replayed the horror of what he’d said to a very captive audience.
They don’t take things any farther that night, but when John leaves the next morning to call off his engagement, he comes back. John Watson returns to Baker Street, just as he was always supposed to. And this time, he stays.
Art by
“John?”
Of course, John would fuck in a postal code outside of his getaway budget; and with a bloke to boot.
Irene gives a sly smile, settling herself back against the cushions and uncrossing her legs. “Well, this is a sensitive time; there’s lots of processing to do. So I usually delve into people's subconscious and let them decide who, and what, they see. Mostly it’s people's homes and loved ones, but you, Mr Holmes, have chosen a little differently. I half expected to look like Dr Watson, or perhaps the lovely Mrs Hudson, but I suppose Miss Adler will do.” She inspects her hands as if seeing them for the first time, and an uneasy feeling settles itself in Sherlock’s stomach.
“What do you mean, is that it?”
locked bedroom.
“Sunsets,” John offers. “Or fields of flowers? Architecture of the city?”
All in an instance, John’s posture changes into a heaviness that Sherlock shouldn’t be allowed to see. It invades his shoulders and face, and is the colour of melancholy and regret.
“Stop.” She interrupted, raising her hand to halt his sentence. “Firstly, there’s no right or wrong here. This isn’t a test, there isn’t a correct answer. People change, it’s possible that you have. And that’s okay. But first, let’s work this through logically. What exactly do you feel when in Dr Watson’s company?”
“You broke up, didn’t you?”
“And you managed to find a serial killer with only a few grams of soil. That, that is beyond extraordinary.” John leaned forward to hover just over Sherlock’s ear, taking his time to let the words sink in and do their magic. “You’re a genius. There’s no one else who could have done that, only you.”
Sherlock opens his mouth but is stopped short by John narrating the words on the screen.
“Perhaps. But I thought I was done with my
“Excuse me?”
John silences Sherlock’s final word with a searing kiss while simultaneously grabbing hold of Sherlock’s wrists and pushing them up to the frame of the headboard. ‘Ambidextrous enough to handle a squirming consulting detective’ should be written on John’s sexual resume. As if anyone would be allowed to see it other than Sherlock and himself.
Mycroft sniffs as if the thought displeases him. “My brother likes to pretend he is a robot. Or a sociopath, to put it in his terms. He is, in fact, neither. I am afraid that your self-loathing will hurt him more than you think.”
I feel the smile he makes against my lips as my trousers are unzipped. His palm is hot on my pants as he rubs in a counterclockwise pattern; my toes already curling.
Sherlock instinctively felt for his phone, buried deep in his trouser pocket, and a brick of dread sank in his stomach as he remembered he’d switched it off. His facial expression must have shown some kind of distress by the way that Mrs Hudson's own face softened.
The tags have been added to! Please read them if you need.
Sandpaper might as well be lining his throat with how rough and dry it feels. John gives a hard swallow and watches the mental gears of deduction rotate behind Sherlock’s breath-taking eyes. Trying to decipher where in the world John is going with this.
John holds his hand out and Ellie delicately places the box in his palm.
“Nice to see your extracurricular activities at Baker Street haven't destroyed your promptness, Dr Watson.”
It was a strange dream, the kind that only makes sense during the dreaming process.
“Roses are dull,” Sherlock mutters, as he fastens his coat. “Lilacs are far more suitable for new romantic endeavors, John.”
"Going to fucking shower…" he muttered, "my skin is crawling where he touched me."
“Happy Pride!” shouts a shirtless man on their right. His large hat and shorts are emblazoned in tiny rainbows, and he looks like he’s already been throwing back alcohol and blowing out kisses for the better part of the morning.
“Hello.”
at various pitches and skill levels until John panicked and punched a few of the closest ones directly in the face.
John tried to encapsulate the epitome of nonchalant ease. He had done nothing wrong, but there was a creeping dread that belonged in snuff films. Only in this iteration, it’s John’s dignity that was about to die a slow and lingering demise.
“John—”
John’s not sure where this newfound confidence came from, but he revels in the feeling, linking his fingers through Sherlock’s as they walk in the direction of Trafalgar square. The roads have all been cordoned off and the pavements are heaving. Sherlock leads the way, pulling John behind him as they weave their way through the crowds.
you not tell me that your cock felt this good," Sherlock moaned, absolutely accusatory. "I would have demanded to bottom first you inscrutable -
“I can’t think. My brain is efficient, it can push everything away to focus on one problem, but now there’s all this
"What I like changes from day to day, but as far as what I don't like, that's very simple. Men who don't appreciate who they have in their bed until it's too late. I highly doubt you'll disappoint me."
“So you’d prefer us to stay secretive?” There’s no malice in Sherlock’s voice, more genuine curiosity. It wouldn’t be the first time he’s had to keep a relationship to himself.
Sure enough, John peers over his newspaper to see that not only has Sherlock moved closer, but he is glancing over at him with an intense expression. Much as if John is a new piece of furniture that Sherlock is deciding whether he actually goes with the rest of the decor.
“Sure.” Sherlock led the way down the nearby road, waiting for the crowds of fans behind them to disperse. It took close to twenty minutes, but eventually they were alone, their footsteps on the pavement the only sounds between them. Sherlock’s stomach clenched as he prepared himself to speak, his previous confidence faltering for a moment. He took a deep breath as he composed himself, preparing to say the words he’d been rehearsing in his head since the stadium.
“Hm?”
“Holy shit,” John muttered as he eyed the menu, and Sherlock gave a frown.
“Speakerphone. Did you say...speakerphone?”
“This has clearly been bothering you all day, yet you waited until everything became too much to talk to me about it. You always do, you never say what you actually think, you wait until it becomes too much and turn it into an argument.”
“So, did you fancy a coffee? We can go right after your —“ Greg’s voice echoed in the high-ceilinged room, and Sherlock’s skin twitched with irritation. He was trying to work.
Sebastian snarled but didn't move any closer, and Sherlock made his way across to stand next to John instead.
Shakily, Sherlock checked his missed calls: six from John’s phone, two from Lestrade, and one from Mrs Hudson’s landline. There was a single text from John, a three-digit number that Sherlock presumed was his room number. Nothing else.
John scrubs a hand over his face and lets out a long-winded sigh.
“And you decided that the best way to show me that I
John allowed himself to be brought back into the bedroom, where they quickly realised the sheets were beyond anything that should be slept in. They worked in silence, swapping the soiled bedding for fresh, then John sat with his back against the headrest.
Five weeks appears to be a theme in our lives now, because five weeks later, after a few awkward phone calls with a few boys and one muscle bound bear of a man who tried to talk to John during a case for the Yard, it was decided that a more visible acknowledgement of John and my new relationship was needed.
. The same man who had brought The Divine Comedy to life along with many other works. Sherlock had mentioned him in one of the very last cases they had been on together, and the House of Dante Museum was the next place John would search.
“But I’m
"Sherlock is dead, John…the music of his violin holds no answers for you."
stage, so to speak.” He placed great emphasis on the word questioning, trying to convey his meaning without spelling it out to Irene. He’d never found this bit easy, trying to inform others of his identity. Most people didn’t, or refused to, understand, and it was a chore to inform every new acquaintance of his identity. So he avoided it where he could.
Before he can change his mind, he unlocks his phone and dials Lestrade’s number. John doesn’t want to tell him, not yet, but he also doesn’t want to be alone. He’s not sure how strong his resolve is; if he went back to the flat after a couple of drinks, he might well fall back into Sherlock’s bed.
“It was in only one of the plans,” she went on. “That you were able to get close enough to see him like that… to touch him. Feel for a pulse.”
With a smirk, Sherlock slows down to a light jog and pulls out his phone. Briggs gives a snarl before he spits in the consulting detective’s general direction.
“Italy,” John whispered. It all clicked into place.
“John,” Sherlock whispered before lifting himself up onto his elbows and softly biting at the side of John’s neck. “God...John.”
John glanced back at the words, his eyes darting as he thought. "It's about music…"
“How can you say that? I’m a mess, John. You don’t even know why I bought them.”
The game itself was relatively boring, at least for Sherlock. He busied himself in his mind palace, cataloguing all of John’s facial expressions as the teams on the field below them kicked the ball up and down. His certainty grew as the afternoon passed, and by the time the game finished, John running high off his team’s narrow win, Sherlock had already concocted a plan.
The second bar is livelier than the first. The after-work drinkers have begun to drift home, replaced by the start of the evening crowd. Music blares from the wall-mounted speakers, and an expanse of empty floor indicates that dancing will inevitably occur during the night. John hurries off to the bar to buy their drinks, and Sherlock is left to find a table. There are still a few empty ones in the back, near the dance floor, but Sherlock knows this might be the last time they get to sit down for the night. He places his bag down on the floor, cringing as the glass graduating cylinders clink together. They’ve truly given up on his carefully crafted drinking schedule.
“Hey...are you trying to beat some sort of record?” John gasped after a minute or two of Sherlock’s ministrations. He grabbed Sherlock’s hand with his own and stilled it. “We can take this into the bedroom, yeah? Take each other apart properly…”
It doesn't help that Sherlock seems to view clothing as of late as a general bother. His nudity is on display in so many places in the flat that John might as well be living in a day spa with only one very posh member. John is apparently the staff, and practically cleans the flat top to bottom to mitigate his sexual frustration.
John’s eyes flickered to his, and a flash of understanding passed through them. If they couldn’t get out of here by force, they might as well bullshit their way out.
“I beg your pardon, but...what?”
“Not the pants, you git. The socks.”
“As riveting as you and Dr. Watson’s pending bedroom activities are...Mr. Holmes,” the female officer said, her ballpoint pen at the ready. “The reason for the phone call has to do with the matter of a faux torso in Dr. Watson’s carry-on bag. Perhaps you’d be able to shed some light on it?”
“Dr Watson’s stubbornness has granted you more time, but he is growing exhausted, Sherlock. And so are you.” Irene takes a step out from the shadows towards the bed. The traces of her flirty coyness are no more. In their wake is a stoic expression that belongs more at home in a graveyard. “It’s time for you to make a decision.” she says, sitting at the base of the bed and pulling her phone out of her jacket pocket.
John’s words died in his mouth as he shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
"If you want me to suck your cock
Gratefully there is no one around to see the dream John has envisioned enveloping into what is an absolute nightmare. John feels as if he’s fallen down a flight of stairs with the way his stomach is flipping this way and that.
Sherlock isn't ready for any of this, and even when he thinks he finally is… he most certainly still isn't.
“Oh really? Monday it was Tom, then Wednesday Geoffery, then after that you obviously decided that bears were not your type so you brought home Sam, Friday it was Bruce
“I know, you didn’t do anything. Something happened to me.”
“I assume that you threatening to cease one of my favorite bedroom activities with you is warranted?”
"Just need to draw her out and think I'm alone. When we were laid up with our wine and chocolate, we'd talk about the love advice column in the Strand. If I write in using a few words, she'll recognize or location about a mysterious lady and a place we met." John dragged a hand through his hair and grunted as they came away coated in drywall. He just looks the part of a disaster. No wonder why the bartender had insisted on cash first before he'd pour the beer.
“It’s okay, John. I mean, I wish you’d realised you aren’t over Sherlock before tonight, but I get it. You don’t need to feel bad.”
Sherlock arches his back with pleasure as John finds his prostate, Sherlock’s wrists straining against their knots; the headboard creaking in protest. John teases around the firm knot, occasionally letting his fingers brush over the cluster of nerves. Sherlock whimpers and thrusts forward, trying to increase the contact.
“Maybe he’s searching for vita nuova?”
"Christ-" John sobbed, his lips pressed against Sherlock's collarbone in a half kiss. "Jesus," after that, he was incapable of words, simply riding out the aftershocks of pleasure as they tipped into over-stimulated quakes. "Come for me, you fucking gorgeous thing. Please?" He whimpered, teeth scraping along Sherlock's shoulder.
So this is what being worshipped by John Watson feels like. I believe that I can get used to this.
“Case.” Sherlock mumbles, and John knows from experience that this is the only answer he will get. Nevermind. It’s been a good day.
someone
. Which is how he'd come to be her escort to an art show she was scheduled to attend. Knowing Eugine was local to the event, it seemed like a good enough chance to end this once and for all.
was his calling in life. It wasn’t his job doing the unspeakable for MI6 or the two years he’d spent as
"And you and I are going to head back to the bedroom and finally have that long talk about our previous exes. I assume that you'll need a spreadsheet?"
“We didn't have any sausages or beans, so I made pancakes instead. And, yeah...I’m a bit dodgy on the proper batter pouring technique for a skillet,” John grumbled, but he still had a smile. “Eat up, you madman. All that extracurricular activity must have you famished.”
“If you want it so badly, then say it.” Irene lifts something gently out of the drawer but keeps it hidden from Sherlock’s view. She turns, holding the object behind her back and walking slowly towards him, her eyes trained on Sherlock. He blinks, and in a second, the purple shirt and now baggy trousers are gone, replaced by a fitted white dress, cut off just above the knees. The skin on her arms and neck is covered in a thin, skin-tight layer of black organza that shimmers as she moves; tiny jewels embedded in the fabric catch the light as she walks.
“Fatalistic or not, I have come here for your assistance because I...believe you are one of the only people I have met who can intellectually explain what these feelings I am dealing with truly are. I need to rectify them soon.”
“So Molly told me about your brother...” Ted prompted. “He works for the government?”
“You left,” Sherlock splits out, his long arms waving madly. “Just shagged me senseless and left me covered in sparkly ejaculate.“
“Fuck…” John grits through clenched teeth.
Irene punctuates her question with a simple raised eyebrow, and Molly cry-laughs again. This type of reaction is becoming quite a habit.
It takes him a moment to realise what he’s looking at. Excel is open, with a complicated spreadsheet of numbers displayed. He changes sheets and finds pages and pages of graphs and formula, all indecipherable. Was this about the case? He trawls through, trying to make sense of the data, and it’s only when he returns to the original sheet and reads the table headings that he understands. This is about him.
Sherlock doesn’t move at all and John stares at him in return. Sherlock keeps blinking rapidly as if trying to restart his brain and what can John even do to help him?
Now it’s my turn for my mouth to drop open.
Sherlock’s footfalls are in perfect time with the glorious voice of Whitney Houston, and John finds that not smiling just isn’t an option anymore. All of the faces that flicker by are warm and open and more accepting than ever dreamed. Even a group of cute men call out that he and Sherlock look fabulous.
. He was helping a family move jewellery and paintings from their penthouse before everything was repossessed. Once the family of a rich businessman, who’d killed himself when his company went under. The wife was desperate to retain
Sherlock flinches at John’s suggestions as if they are insults instead.
to Sherlock? Don't think I missed that kiss, granted not like you were trying to hide it. I'm sure you've figured out by now that I've run your name through every database known to the force, and other than your military service, you've got nothing. Might as well be a ghost, and it's clear that Sherlock trusts you, but I need to know your angle."
“I don’t know!” John desperately tries to keep the desperation out of his voice. Sherlock is standing by the fireplace, watching him like a hawk. It’s like trying to have an argument with a microscope
It was all a game to her. A puzzle to be scattered across the various surfaces and jumbled until the one in her web fell over with exhaustion. Then she would creep forward and suck out their intellect. Her laughter was as piercing as her stares, and she pulled people in with the curves of her body that opened combination locks to reveal deadly intentions.
“Yeah, we wanted to stay friends.”
“Is that all?” Sherlock goes to dive forwards again, eyes fixed on the curve of John’s jaw.
John’s tone sounds
“No,” John replies, and the weight of his decision feels tremendously heavy. “Didn’t want to say something I’ll regret later...or allow him to pull me back into...whatever the hell we were doing.”
He didn’t need to care. At least, not while on a case, and John understood enough to deal with that. Especially if Sherlock made sure John was satisfied in other ways.
!” Sherlock tugs at his curls again with his free hand, and John desperately wants to yank his hand away.
He pauses, his fist centimetres away from Sherlock’s door. Doubt crawls back into his mind — is this a good idea? He pushes it away and forces himself to knock on the door. It opens too quickly, as if Sherlock had been waiting for him on the other side.
“How about you stick to the job you’re paid to be incompetent at!” Sherlock spits, tugging at his curls.
He searches the kitchen, hoping there’s a note somewhere, explaining where Sherlock had gone. Nothing. John grunts in frustration, rechecking his phone, hoping a message will have arrived. The inbox is still empty. He types a quick text, ‘
Something feels off; there’s a deep feeling of discomfort in his chest, but Sherlock can’t place his finger on what it is. He focuses his mind, trying to deduce what’s different, but he is interrupted by an unfamiliar voice.
“Think you should get any of those messages?” John inquired, nodding his head towards Sherlock’s mobile, which had received at least six alerts in as many minutes.
Sherlock can only pull himself away from the body as the compressions begin again. The voice of John is so loud now that the lights of the morgue flicker again.
“His violin…”
John shivers. That in itself is horrifying; that his wreck of a sister has become the sane one. She’s never met Sherlock, yet she knew exactly what had happened just through John’s stories. Is he that obvious?
Once his legs stopped shaking, and his vision had cleared up, John bent down over Sherlock’s still boneless body and kissed him square on the lips. He ran his thumb over Sherlock’s jaw and cheekbone, then chuckled when Sherlock made no signs of moving.
Meanwhile, Sherlock was doing his absolute best not to punch a hole into the nearest wall. Anderson left over half an hour ago, and yet Sherlock felt that Philip was way too close. Three years he had wasted with all of the lies and excuses before Sherlock had finally had enough of it all. Anderson pleaded for him to give him yet another chance, and Sherlock gave his answer in the form of the engagement band thrown to the carpeted floor of their shared home.
“Shit, sorry. Habit.” John had apologised profusely. Sherlock had waved him off, acting as if it were no big deal, but John had carried the weight of the encounter around with him for the rest of the day. Each time he blinked, he could feel Sherlock’s muscles tensing beneath his touch, and it filled him with a wave of nausea. There was a time when Sherlock would have lent into it, encouraging John to run his hands over his back, perhaps massaging the muscles and releasing the tension in Sherlock’s neck. Many a time that had led to something more; heated moments in the kitchen, neither quite making it to the bedroom. John had gotten used to being the giver of pleasure, to think that he was now a source of disgust was more than he could handle.
The higher functions of Sherlock’s mental capabilities want to complain about being treated like he can’t manage the simplest of tasks. However, the scent of John is everywhere and him straddling Sherlock’s hips is beyond cheating.
,” John bellows out. His heated breaths are coming out in sharp exhales and his eyes closed tight. “Sherlock…yes…”
. What a horrible concept indeed.
“You did it. You bloody did it.”
However, tomorrow has me once again alone, except this time in the kitchen. My attempt to make coffee is a disaster, but I drink it, grounds and all, as I wait to confront John with his extensive bouts of eroticism. I brace myself as I hear the sounds of padding feet on the stairway, but when I look up, I am face to face with not my flatmate, but the latest object of his affections.
“Which doesn’t make sense,” Sherlock concluded. “Unless the victim struggled, and the killer needed the extra leverage the scarf provided. But because the MO didn’t fit their previous kills, they didn’t want to claim it.”
In the beginning, a few days after the break-up, Sherlock had called John over to the kitchen table, where he sat at his microscope. John had hovered behind him, leaning forward to look down the lens and casually placed his hand between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. It was a familiar movement, one he had done hundreds of times before, but he was startled at how Sherlock immediately tensed beneath his palm.
“That’s okay. Everyone feels like this sometimes. We can take a moment to acclimatise, if that would help.”
Sherlock laid his hand on top of John’s and gave it the quickest of squeezes. John’s look of concern turned into a much more mischievous expression.
“Nice to see you and Lestrade working out,” Sherlock said as casually as he could. His eyes scanned a few items on the large table in the middle of the room. “And before you ask...you’ve been wearing different shades of lipstick each of the last few times I’ve seen you. It would only make sense to try out other colours if you are going out with the same person and want to keep everything light and fresh. The mug is from
Then he hums, and I quiver. My eyes fly open to witness the vibrations of his throat ripple through me in all the right ways. It takes all the effort I possess to not grab at the bedsheets and rip them clean off the mattress.
Tears brim within the eyes above him, and Sherlock’s heart squeezes in his battered chest before he tilts his chin up just enough for John to realise he wants him to lean in. John’s breath is warm and begins to dry Sherlock’s wettened skin.
“Yes!” came Molly’s over-enthusiastic reply.
His morning utterances are accompanied by a smug look that says ‘You and I have so much in common now!’. As if we were ever so different.
"What the hell are you two doing?
“I’ve been amenable since I met you.” John gives a warm smile and places his hand in mine.
He knew it was unfair to blame John for the comments of others. John was here because he wanted to be. But still, it hurt.
John swallows hard as his eyes look up into Sherlock’s face. His heart flutters at how much he has missed that astounding face.
“Are you alright?” He asked softly, finally sitting up and setting his feet onto the floor. He was surprised, however, at the giggle that erupted from John’s mouth.
All of the flags in front of him seem to be fluttering in some magical breeze, and that really isn’t what John needs right now. It’s as if they are all waving at him with a cheery
John doesn’t look over because there is nothing to reflect on. Instead, he opens his hand so that Sherlock’s hand intertwines, and their hands fit as perfectly as John always knew they would.
John opened his mouth to retort, when Sherlock’s mobile rang this time. Sherlock snarled as he placed his laptop on the table beside him and grabbed at his phone. He frowned at the caller ID.
Irene pauses, her glass halfway to her lips. “I could, and all of that is very much true, but your existence isn’t about proving them wrong. We will have afternoon tea and go to the day spa one day, but I want you to go because you’re looking forward to it. Not out of some sense of duty.” Irene takes a long slow sip, absent-mindedly stroking Frieda, cuddled up next to her. “The way I see it, your mental health is the most important thing. If you’re going to feel self-conscious the whole time, you won’t enjoy yourself. So, for now, we can have tea inside, and when you’re ready, we’ll try something else.”
Mrs. Hudson believed in both of them.
John shrugs before nuzzling closer to me. “I’m sure they will manage with one less cock in the ring. I have all I want right here.”
Immediately Sherlock felt John's cock give a violent twitch from inside him, and another gush of climax invaded him. Sherlock groaned as he thrust up in short little bursts, finger still in John's arse, and that was it. Sherlock was
Mary tried so hard. She really did.
. His brain supplied. He glanced down a narrow side street and caught sight of the bar where he lost his virginity; pushed against a bathroom stall by a dark-haired stranger. Seventeen and sneaking into bars with his fake ID and winning smile. It was easier, then. Knowing he could walk into any bar he wanted and have whomever he chose. He could discard them in the morning, wait out the hangover on the long train home and pretend he’d been with friends all night. Not that his parents ever asked. Mycroft gave him odd looks across the breakfast table and left boxes of condoms and reminders to get tested under his pillow, but he never confronted Sherlock about it. In those days, and the days after, swallowing down strangers for his next hit, he never had to care about what they thought.
Greg was there because no one else could be.
Death was easy for the dead.
Regardless, that is a future problem to address. At the present, my focus needs to be on how to survive the sexual liberation of John H. Watson with my sanity intact. Create the best scenarios to give both the paper-thin walls of our home and his neverending libido a well-deserved break, and I admit that I need some assistance in this endeavour.
"You're eager," John giggled as he was pushed onto Sherlock's mattress. "I like that. A lot."
Roughly three weeks after their brief talk about Mycroft, John decides to take as many extra hours as he can at the surgery. 221b Baker Street is suffocating him in more ways than he thought possible, and if he’s escaping, he might as well make some money while he’s at it.
The colour and sounds all swell into a rush of approval that John didn’t realise could be real. An older woman and her partner dance arm in arm as ABBA plays, truly having the time of their life. John wonders how long they’ve been together, and can imagine Sherlock and himself at their age in another forty years, just as happily in love.
"Sherlock," John said cautiously, hands stilling and waiting for the outburst he knew would come, "you can't come tonight. If Mycroft can't protect me, and I'm arrested for murder, I won't have your face tied to the crime. Stay with Lestrade, please?"
But as a second and third finger were not just requested but demanded, John began to relax. Sherlock was obviously enjoying himself if his leaking cock was anything to go by. Worried Sherlock might come, he stilled his left hand, though he kept a tight grip on Sherlock's cock as he added a fourth and final finger.
He moans again because he might as well milk this for all its worth. Vampirism is all about the dramatics anyway. Grumbling he rolls over slowly to see John opening up the bedroom curtain wearing nothing but a tight red pair of underpants that leave nothing to Sherlock’s already splendid imagination and a very familiar dressing gown.
A small black bag was tossed onto the desk. Its shiny surface glimmered and Irene’s head turned towards it.
New set of footfalls. Familiar in stride.
Before Sherlock could second-guess himself, he dropped his coat to the floor and strode forward, closing the gap between them. Shock gathered in John’s eyes, just for a moment, before Sherlock surged forward, and captured John’s mouth in his. John hesitated for a millisecond, before he moved towards Sherlock in the semi-darkness, fitting their bodies together like puzzle pieces.
However, as they ascended the stairs, the persistent fear returned in full force. He tried to dislodge it, focusing on John in front of him, but the more he acknowledged it, the larger it grew.
Harry takes a small sip of her coffee and places it back on the table.
Would have been cruel to split this section into two chapters.
Weeks passed. Sherlock drifted in and out of his mind palace like a spectre, half here, half there. A couple of clients stopped by, but the cases were quick, over within a couple of hours. He felt alive for a second, the taunting echoes finally leaving him for a moment, but the second the case was finished they returned in full force.
Dead end after dead end. Each passing minute made the trail grow colder. The Yard was useless at getting more information out of Pierce, and John’s texts became  pushier and more argumentative throughout the next hour. Just to avoid having to deal with any more awkwardness, Sherlock changed his mind about heading to Baker Street. Instead, he found himself on a very familiar cab ride to the darker side of the city. He needed to clear his mind, and cocaine always found the best way to do just that. Even merely having some in his possession might do the trick, and there were hiding spots at 221B John hadn’t discovered yet. Even with the help of Mrs Hudson.
“I’ll meet you at home,” Is all he said as he slammed the door shut.
It was obvious in the photo that John was at least halfway towards being very drunk. There was a pinkness in his cheeks and he was leaning heavily on the bar. The man, on the contrary, seemed a fair bit soberer, but clearly very interested in whatever John was saying to him at the moment.
“It’s...I just…” John starts but gives up trying to sort out his words. He’s too furious and too exhausted by the day and his own incredible talent of imagining all the ways Sherlock could have been hurt or killed if he wasn’t around to help protect him. “Never mind,” he settles on. The words feel heavy in his mouth as he says them. “What did you find out about the case, then? Any new leads?”
John was quick, just a rushed scrub before he dried off and stepped into a pair of pants. He threw a robe over his shoulders, a maroon silk one that had been hanging on the back of the bathroom door, and went to rejoin Sherlock and the madman.
So, yes, it was possible that John didn’t need or want Sherlock to theorise into anything in his past any more than he already had. But here was this woman, who walked in knowing this version of John that Sherlock had yet to meet. It gave him an unsettled sensation in his stomach. As if he was missing an invaluable clue in an incredibly important case.
Irene nods in agreement as she pulls the slide off the microscope stage and places it on the metal table next to her. Sherlock notices the slide looks like it is caked in some type of crystallised substance. A cracking noise floats through the air, and then silence again.
“Ms Jones is too small in stature and weight to kill the victim. Especially by strangulation.”
Harold pulled at the zip of the bag slowly, because apparently, he was into torture. The older male officer slid into view on John’s right side. Perhaps to stop John from grabbing the bag and making a break for it.
“I didn’t think you’d mind, you’ve said yourself that you don’t like getting up too early in the morning for case-related things.“
me to do Lestrade...”
"Sorry, Mr Holmes," Seb replied, throwing a look at Sherlock over his shoulder. "But I've been waiting a long fucking time to meet up with this bloke. Fucked my sister and left her broken hearted back when he was slutting it up in the army."
It also hits John as to how much taller Sherlock appeared in the news article. Evidently, a long coat has more than atmospheric advantages. It elongates the man’s silhouette and creates a barrier of protection around him. Against what, John isn’t sure he wants to find out. Or maybe he does? It appears that John can’t decide whether he wants to strike those full lips with his fists or his mouth.
The DI shook his head in shock before pointing over to the body.
John never shouted or hit her. Those were just things he never did, nor would Mary ever allow. However, Mary knew that he unleashed his fury in other ways. There were only so many patched-up holes in walls that could be brushed off as
John sighed in agreement. The scraping of cutlery against  plates echoed around the room as they both slowly ate.
“And don’t come back until you’ve both stopped acting like children. You’re professionals, the pair of you.” He yells into the car before slamming the door.
How did he miss it? An accomplice. He should have seen it, should have known. Some of the victims must have been killed by this unknown person, and he should have been able to identify the different marks. Different people had different sized hands, he should have known, should have seen—
Sherlock rasped out a laugh as he touched John's cheek with his hand. "You made the Braca's area of my brain switch over from English to both French and Italian. I'm also quite sure that if the human soul exists that mine shot through my cock and now has its home somewhere in your digestive system. The least I can do after all of that is take a shower with you."
Sherlock gawked at first John, standing naked and sticky right next to him, holding a fully loaded gun in his hands and murder in his eyes, the to Seb who was bloody faced and wincing like mad from a kick to the balls that would probably have him able to sing high tenor for the better part of a month. "
However, the morgue door swung open again before Sherlock could say this to Molly. To both his and Molly’s surprise, John was closing the door behind him and looking mutinous.
“So the spores ended up completely unusable,” Sherlock explained. “Two and a half weeks' work destroyed in a few minutes. As if it was so important for Mycroft to text me about some stupid issue he had with his gardener.”
They continue bickering; Sherlock refusing to concede and John pushing for more, demanding to know why Sherlock is tiptoeing around him. Their voices become louder and louder until a few forensic techs raise their heads and begin muttering.
Until it wasn’t.
John then turned to look at Sherlock, the blankets twisting around his hips. He cocked his head and smiled. He hadn't missed Sherlock's choice of words and couldn't help pointing it out just in case Sherlock wasn't aware of what he'd said.
"John," Sherlock shouted, trying to break up the two men as they tussled on the ground. "He was invited. This is Sebastian Moran, an associate I - "
The only consistency in 221b was the spreadsheet. Sherlock spent more and more time tending to it, as if it were a fickle houseplant in constant need of attention. It helped that John seemed to be, for the most part, happy with their sex life, and the inclusion of light BDSM now and then was a thrilling addition. Still, there was that occasional nagging in the back of Sherlock’s brain that he should be doing more for John. He made small adjustments here and there on the spreadsheet to make their romantic life as perfect as possible, but there were variables outside of his control. It didn’t help that Mrs Hudson had opened an old wound with one simple sentence.
Sherlock valued him. He wanted to do everything he could to make them work.
“Yes, that sounds like a fine plan to me.”
“You have a little bit of pie…” John began and then paused as he moved right over to Sherlock on the sofa. “On the corner of your mouth...right there.”
Sherlock did, and with a small flick of his wrist, John moaned even louder. Sherlock was now entirely on top of John, and he watched how his nimble hands made John twitch and groan underneath him. It wouldn’t be long now.
If he lets his mind wander, he can almost imagine that Sherlock is on the other side, waiting for John to come in. Perhaps this was a mistake. They could get through this, if they tried. He could get used to Sherlock’s abrasive nature during cases, if that’s what it took to be in the detective’s embrace again.
“John’s cab was in an accident. Minor injuries, but John hit his head on the passenger window, so they wanted to make sure he didn’t have a concussion. He marked you as his emergency contact, Sherlock. They only called me because they couldn’t get a hold of you.”
Sherlock passed the driver some twenties, before joining John on the pavement. Whatever it was, he needed to learn fast.
Irene sighs. “I thought we went over this? I could have been anyone, but I think what you needed most was a reason to meet me. To get yourself in a situation where you had to stop and figure it out. Make yourself a clue...a crime scene."
“The victim nestled a gun into some of the branches, and used a long string and placed himself in the best spot to get shot. The scream that the witness heard was from the person who was told to wait in the vehicle on the main road. More than likely, they had no idea of how suicidal the man was.”
John hands Sherlock the keys as he pays the driver. Sherlock notices the tip is large enough to ensure silence regarding their conversation in the cab.
He heard John’s high pitched giggle again, the sound ruffling the hair within Sherlock’s pelvic region. He giggled back in return.
Sherlock throws his lofty head and a familiar smirk of knowing reaches his lips. “Well, obviously John.”
“Careful!” John cries, and squeezes tight around Sherlock. At once, both of them lock eyes and stare. The shouts of the driver are muffled as all Sherlock can hear is the sound of his rushing heartbeat and something that sounds vaguely like the ghost of the song John sang at the first bar.
A bullet flew above his head, making him wince both from how close it came to hitting him and from the shards of glass as the mirror above the fireplace exploded.
love with him…” Lestrade replies, his index finger tapping the table to emphasise the next part. “...as of now...
“Sorry?”
There was a rotation of days that Sherlock kept special track of; when they went out on what John jokingly deemed proper dates. Most times Angelo’s was the restaurant of choice, but occasionally John suggested little eateries near the surgery or Sherlock would convince John to wear better trousers and head out to a more lavish supper full of rich meats and the finest of wines.
“Not yet.” Lestrade’s voice was quieter, but Sherlock was still able to make him out. “Told us the proper name of the new coffee shop on the corner. Well, more bellowed it at us, but that’s a normal afternoon. Don’t get how you deal with it, John. Especially with...now and everything.”
“I know. I get that now, after having time to think things through. If anything, what you did, even though unconventional, was...flattering? To be so important to garner a spreadsheet by Sherlock Holmes…”
happen. He wanted to make Sherlock his, and only his.
Sherlock barely had time to gather up enough thoughts to deal with the very real fact that John was on top of him. Warmth from John flooded every part of their body where they were connected, and Sherlock muttered out a "What are you -" before John closed the tiny gap between them and began the kiss.
Irene’s tone sounds almost amused, and Sherlock thinks that he may be sick. She stands near the white sofa, still dressed in that dark purple shirt and fitted trousers. Even Sherlock’s favourite pair of dress shoes are nestled onto her feet.
Sherlock’s brow furrows, but John doesn’t push it further. He doesn’t have the energy for this. Not today. It’s taking all the effort he has to do this at all. It’s not like he wants to end their relationship; it’s just that he can’t take Sherlock’s hot and cold nature anymore. Not knowing what version of Sherlock he’ll be dealing with on the other side of 221b. His heart and mind can’t take the constant weariness. Not as his romantic partner.
John lets his fingers slide over Sherlock’s prostate, and the detective’s hips snap forward, followed by a deep growl. John withdraws his finger, just for a moment, before sliding in a second one. He moves his fingers more this time, stretching the walls, occasionally brushing against the prostate and sending another wave of convulsions through Sherlock’s body. John gives the detective a sound of deep approval, and Sherlock sighs in return. His slender thighs tremble as John continues to open him up with the skill that only belongs to a surgeon.
John caught hold of final words and threw away the insult.
Sherlock interlaced his fingers with John's and squeezed them tight. The pain in John's voice was pure and raw, and even though Sherlock understood Seb's anger, he believed that John didn't think that Julia was really for him or that he led her on.
John slides over to sit beside Leah and gives his order to the server. He attempts to start a conversation about Leah's settling into her new position, but it quickly goes nowhere. It’s stupid that John is acting this way. Leah is incredibly smart and pretty, yet there is nothing there for John to connect with past general pleasantries.
Sherlock huffs a mirthless laugh. “He’s Mycroft; he figures everything out eventually. Maybe he reinstalled the cameras in the hallway.”
John grimaces into the present day,
“That place, these people, are just as much your home as Baker Street,” John continues. “It’s a place where you feel safe and accepted. After feeling so abandoned by me, of course you would want to go there. It makes perfect sense.”
8:30 pm: After much argument and dragging his feet, John and Harry arrived at a small fish and chip place on the other side of town. Harry spent most of the meal asking John various ideations of why he is holed up in a silly bedsit after his army discharge instead of staying with her. John spent most of the meal wishing for death by choking on fried cod.
May her cats find peace and her soul haunt us forever.
"Yeah," Greg said as he plucked a stained menu from an empty table nearby. "Order whatever you'd like. Just stay away from the fried mozzarella sticks. They err…not what they actually are."
For a moment, the metallic rattling of the drawer being pulled open mutes all of the other sounds, until Sherlock finds himself staring at the corpse of himself. The eyes are open, yet there is only the ghost of what he used to be. The mouth is parted, and those cupid bow lips are a muddled blue. The curls glisten with a wetness that doesn’t connect with anything else about the body. However, it’s what happens next that sends yet another shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
"I'm fairly sure that's from Spiderman, Mr Holmes," the driver called from the front of the car.
“I still don’t understand what’s happening. Why am I here, in my mind palace, when I should be chasing Henry Briggs? Why am I imagining
“Who ya textin’?”
“Yes.” He brings the cigarette to his lips and takes a puff, throwing his head to the sky and slowly exhaling the smoke, as if making a point.
“Sherlock, you promised that—“
“You ready?” John chimes happily from the front door. His hand is on the doorknob as he waits for Sherlock to answer. His face is open, and there is a twinkle of excitement in his eyes that Sherlock wants to keep there for far too long to be appropriate.
He froze, self-assurance suddenly deflated as Harold pulled out what John knew was the reason why he was
Sherlock’s eyes sprang open, and he pushed himself away from the wall. John was right. A hit wasn’t going to fix him. It might help him solve the case, but what about the next one? He couldn’t stay constantly high again. John wouldn’t allow it, nor Mycroft and Lestrade, and as much as he hated to admit it, his body couldn’t cope. Not again.
“It’s about time for you to get in your first flying lesson,” John says as they finally stop. “Nothing too difficult to start. Just some basics of lifting off of the ground a few metres or so.”
“You’d be surprised.”
“John?” I say, and I wait for him to indicate with a squeeze to my hip that he hears me. “If that what you can do to me during just oral sex, should I just prepare a will now? Save Mycroft some paperwork for later.”
Keeping eye contact with the man above him, Sherlock reached over to the nightstand and took out a small tube of lubricant and a couple of condoms. He placed a firm hold of the side of John's neck and pulled him down for a smouldering kiss while simultaneously opening the foil wrapper and slipping the condom on John's erection.
The man grunts, and rolls over. His bare chest and stomach are shimmering with what looks like edible glitter. There are sprinklings of dark brown hair traveling its way from the man’s torso all the way to a slightly thicker section of curls that peek over the bed covers. In spite of himself, John’s eyes roam higher to the rosebud nipples and elongated neck with the moles deliberately placed in just the right spots. However, it’s the regal nose and elegant cheekbones that have John’s short-term memory colliding back with the force of yet another bullet through his left shoulder blade.
Each and every comment left as we all took this journey together left Tad and I grinning. We'd screenshot comments and do the internet equivalent of poking each other to make the other read comments that tickled us.
Then erupted a sound from the phone that John had not expected at all. A high-pitched giggle that he had not heard since he discovered that Sherlock was quite ticklish under the right quantities of oxytocin.
That is, until Lestrade makes an unexpected call one afternoon.
“Fine.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes but stands still so that John can finish taking off his shirt. John smiles in appreciation of what Sherlock looks like bare-chested.
“It’s called The Coffee Pot, and I doubt that either of you needs caffeine to get on with what you’re both actually after.”
Irene gave an almost imperceptible nod, her eyebrows raising when she finally understood.
to announce his intermittent bisexuality all over the United Kingdom.
Molly stays there, haemorrhaging all the water from her body, until she is tired and spent. Once her breathing has evened and her face is dry, she sits back up, resting her head against the wood behind her. Her muscles ache, and her eyes are red and puffy, sore from lack of moisture, despite the puddle in her scarf they had created. Slowly, she pulls off her rucksack, unzipping the front pocket and pulling out her phone. There’s someone she needs to call.
“What are you doing? Let me…”
” John says with a giggle in the video.
Sherlock turned around to find a woman about John’s age, her arms outstretched, standing at the far end of the hallway. Her toothy smile had the telltale signs of past and personal familiarity. Not a fan then.
“Here you are,” the server said as he placed the appetiser on the table along with the salads. “Anything else I can get for you, or your friend?” He looked at John expectantly. Sherlock cocked his head, waiting for John to correct him.
“Fine,” he says simply, before striding over and waiting for a small break in the music. John leans in his seat to watch, along with a couple of curious people closer to where Sherlock stands.
“Of course.”
“I’m sorry for what happened,” John carries on, his left hand moving slowly to the correct pocket with the ring. “I was wrong back then, and I’m sure I’ll still make some mistakes, but I want you to know that...I am ready and able to spend the rest of my life being the best - “
Anderson huffs and stalks off, cursing inaudibly under his breath. Sherlock keeps tugging at his curls, red anger contorting his face into unrecognisable shapes. John’s stomach flips; he’s never seen Sherlock this angry before. Not even when he’d accidentally thrown out his three week long mould experiment.
There was a period, towards the end of their meal, where it abated, if only for a moment. After a particularly flirty joke, John sank back into his seat and let his foot brush against the side of the detective’s leg. At first, Sherlock thought it was an accident, but then John let it travel further up his calf, towards his thighs. Sherlock let out a sly smile. Oh, here was a game he could play.
“He says, son, can you play me a memory, I’m not really sure how it goes…” Her voice is light and melodic, a perfect contrast to John’s scratchy one. They both face one another, singing directly at each other. “But it’s sad and it’s sweet, and I knew it complete, when I wore a younger man's clothes.”
Sherlock swallowed the whiskey in three large gulps and handed it back to John for some more.
“What the hell Sherlock? I’m just going to get my laptop. Why is it so important that I stay here?”
"Fine," John nodded once, a crisp motion that made his teeth click together. It wasn't the first time he'd worked with someone he loathed. He'd do it for Sherlock, and he'd be professional about it. No more jabs at Sebastian. In fact, if he could help it, he wouldn't even look at the man. "I warned you yesterday, Sherlock… sex addict. I'm not like that anymore, but it doesn't change the past."
London is rarely dull, even in Sherlock’s darkest of moods. The city always has the capacity to enchant him enough to step out of the flat and ruffle up the people within it with his own brand of brilliance. So, it was already a losing battle even before a former army soldier turned vampire came into both Sherlock’s life and in his bed. Yet, sulking is still a skill that Sherlock has practiced for far too long to not put to good use.
“I’m bisexual, Leah...not gay,” John says, and he’s surprised how calm he feels, saying that out loud. It feels liberating, something he can definitely get used to saying.
“Not corrected,” Sherlock conceded. “More to understand. As of late, I have found myself...curious about John’s scent. All iterations of it to the point of severe distraction. It’s a recent phenomenon that has caused me to doubt.”
“Sorry?”
The sound of the front door clicking shut brings him from his uneasiness, and he sits up straight, resisting the urge to run to the door.
“Sing a song and get at least four people to join you? Sherlock, have you heard my singing before? I’ll be arrested for causing a riot for the exit.”
believe me that hurting you was never—”
The song changes again, and Sherlock runs a hand through his curls. He knows this song, at least, and the memories around it aren’t very good.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder to see John hovering behind him with a fresh cup of tea.
“Belstaff, as always. Now please, fuck m— ”
“Woah, dial it down guys, this is a crime-scene. Anderson, take a break.” Lestrade says sharply, and takes a measured step towards the arguing pair to cement his statement.
“John,” Molly and Sherlock said at once.
Irene gave a little knowing grin as she handed Sherlock a drink of whiskey before sitting across from him in a matching loveseat. Her usually sweeping curls were arranged in an upstyle that had probably taken hours, and her dark blue dress and high heels told stories that Sherlock wasn’t sure he wanted to hear.
But then he was standing, and the scissors were snipping their way up each trouser leg. When he stood in front of Sherlock, in nothing but his shoes and socks, he grinned. They both made quick work of their footwear. Then (after ensuring the scissors were on the table), John walked up to Sherlock and threw him over his shoulder.
“I don’t dance.”
"That's not the point!" he retorts. Sherlock huffs and crosses his arms.
“I’m not, I’m merely complimenting—”
The cashier glances up in slight alarm at the loudness of Sherlock’s laughter. Her purple hair and matching contact lenses scream that she is too cool to deal with the more fretful customers in the shop today. Sherlock throws her a haughty look before gently steering John to the quieter back section of the shop.
All he can feel when he closes his eyes are Sherlock’s arms, winding around him. His skin longs for the contact, not the deep passions of the last few months, but the gentle touch of a lover, a physical promise never to leave. He could walk away now, shut the door on Sherlock Holmes and try to move on, but John knows, deep down, that he will never cease to want him. The detective will haunt him for the rest of his life.
"It's a poem, obviously," John said, still so calmly. "I've looked it up but nothing that was at least traditionally published. Your...group has been chasing down every speculation and hunch out there. Does this mean anything to you? Anything that I can…"
John opens his mouth but immediately shuts it.
"For my Mum," John's voice broke, and his breath caught in his throat. More than he hated thinking about the time Mary shot him, he hated talking about his mother. Bile coated his tongue, and he swallowed it, and the desire to throw up, down. "Her name was Rose… She married my dad young, straight out of school. They had Harry, then me, then things started going wrong for them. Money problems, partly because Dad got into gambling, or so I'm told."
He tries to push the thoughts from his head, but it's too late. Those lips on his become Sherlock’s, the hand on his neck grows rougher and larger, and the faint scent of Sherlock’s poncy shampoo fills his nose.
“Yes,” Sherlock admits, “I solved it. The perpetrators were arrested about a week ago.”
sound. “On the table...I won’t have you bruise your knees on this wretched concrete.”
John’s eyes widen in surprise. “Oh...I see.”
The bed creaks with their movements. The sway in tune with their slew of kisses as Sherlock is tightly sleeved in John’s arms and legs and the very core of him. The velvety softness causes Sherlock to cry out John’s name with every push. The stretch of tension at near snapping as John’s fingernails embed hard into the sensitive flesh of Sherlock’s shoulders and back.
Thank you to our wonderful beta, Chaserjinx8065
Kudos and comments are the breath of life to a writer. Please offer them if you feel so inclined. ❤️
He left Irene with a heavy heart and a racing brain. Sherlock still wasn’t sure what he wanted, neither did he understand what he was feeling, but Irene was right. He had to figure it out. At least now he had a better idea of how to do that, and the impending sense of doom he’d been carrying with him over the past few months had lessened slightly.
“I said, I’m fine.” The sentence came out more forceful than he’d intended, and John’s eyes narrowed.
As if the world needs to remind the two men that problems still exist, there is the unmistakable sound of what Sherlock Holmes is like when he is at his wit’s end. John and Greg race towards the danger without a second thought, because they are the only ones around to deal with a self-described sociopath with a flare for the dramatics.
Special shout-out to MsScarlett for the amazing beta skills 🥰🥰🥰
Sherlock furrows his brow as he takes a step forward, his Belstaff coat still hanging off one shoulder, but he seems to be placing every ounce of his interest in John.
"... and I did plan to go to the Yard and Bart’s to request the files. Still do, but there’s so much more that seems to be missing and -"
“Hey,” Sherlock replies as if he’d not been gone all day, without a word to say where he’d been. He yawns and picks his laptop up from the table, sinking into his chair and opening the lid. John stares at him as Sherlock types vigorously for a few seconds before he speaks again.
"Yes," Sherlock answered, humming at all of the affection kisses John placed on his skin. "I never dealt with such an incessant need to tell anyone around me what was on my mind, but us in bed is constantly something I crave. It's unbelievable how you drive me wild. I'm not usually such a tactile person...but with you, I need to touch you. Every day if I could.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the question but kept his attention on the coffee.
I mean the Luciano Pavarotti reincarnation having his insides delightfully liquidated by the man whom I live with. Yet, I can’t help but see it. John would watch me in wonder as I make the types of ridiculous noises that are more akin to back-alley pornos. Sweat glistening off of his back and shoulders as I call out his name like it’s the only answer that matters. His lips are soft and know exactly what I want. I’d feel his muscles and skin and all of the meaning behind Three Continents Watson and my god I need this. I need him so badly.
Some hind part of his brain warned him that it was bad business to sleep with a client, but if Sherlock was willing. Well, damnit, so was he. He pulled away and cupped a hand over Sherlock's perfect cheek. Still, he had to slow down long enough to check that Sherlock was, in fact, willing. Assumptions had the potential to make this whole situation uncomfortable.
“Oh Christ, I’m so bloody full,” he complained to the two overstuffed pillows at the head of his bed. “Drank too much, ate too much, danced too much.”
The very thought of Sherlock inside a man who could do so much damage with just his two bare hands was a stimulating thing. Sherlock turned onto his side and gently pressed a kiss onto the scared shoulder first before peppering kisses across the broad chest and slightly softened belly. Afterwards, he placed the smallest kiss on the protected tip of John's cock, his own entrance twitching at the very idea of feeling John sink into him at a later date.
And so they meet
"I don't like it, but if Sherlock told you that's what he thinks this is all about, then it's our best bet. He's so rarely wrong about these kinds of things. I'll reach out to The Strand and get them on board. It shouldn't take more than a couple of days. In the meantime, you get Sherlock back to Baker Street and keep him out of as much trouble as you can. Be prepared for him to try to sneak off back to the lab, even with all of your fun times with each other. He's a workaholic through and through. Also, make sure that you find that gun of his before he shoots more holes in walls. Mrs Hudson is still steamed about the last lash out he had because he was
John went about ignoring Sherlock's groans and complaints. Not only should neither of them be caught drunk right now, should Mary get through their defences. But he wasn't going to have Sherlock, who was recently out of the hospital drunk and high off pain medication. John might be willing to put a bullet through somebody's head, but he was still a doctor, for crying out loud.
Sherlock gave a small shrug before going back to his phone. He thumbed through his Twitter feed and liked a couple of tweets of  @CJW197104. At first, Sherlock thought that following back this John Watson was not the best of ideas, but if anything reading his tweets regarding his secretive job and the stupidity that the retired army man dealt with made Sherlock feel like he’s somehow located a kindred soul.
“I don’t. I want to go back, I’m not ready for this to end—”
The words sounded familiar, but John couldn’t place them. They felt like he had heard them before, in a case that Sherlock had been going over, or from perhaps one of the many books that Mrs. Hudson had given John between sips of afternoon tea.
“Quarter past ten. Though it looks like I’ve been chatting to myself for at least the past 15 minutes. Mind palace?”
When he finishes, panting from the effort, she wraps an arm around his shoulders and pulls him against her. The coconut scent of her shampoo fills his nose, and he’s glad he came. She might infuriate him sometimes, but she’s still his sister.
“That’ll be £6, please.”
John and Sherlock both turn at the same time. John considers letting it drop, allowing Sherlock to get back to work and walking away, but this entire charade of whatever the hell Sherlock is playing at is beyond what he can stand.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nothing more," John repeats, and turns onto his side. The darkness is oppressive around him, but he closes his eyes and tries to will away the image of how Sherlock's lips look in the moonlight, on those rare occasions that Sherlock falls asleep before him. They can do this, he promises himself. They can survive.
“Is that what this is about? I thought that this was a pressing matter,” Sherlock wheezed out and giggled even more. John darted his eyes to all of the confused expressions around him, half convinced that his boyfriend had finally gone round the bend.
“I think you’ve answered your own question. Why kill someone, if you’re not there to witness it? Takes all the fun out.” Pierce’s voice became crooning, as if talking about a beloved pet. Oh, here was a piece of work alright. Sherlock would have fun getting into his head.
“After the pub up the road? We went at least two more bars after — “
Sherlock sighed long and low, brain feeling slightly fuzzy and slightly confused as to where the time had suddenly gone. John was staring up at him as if waiting for him to answer a previous question.
Food porn…of sorts? Once John calms down, anyway. Thank you all again for reading my silly little Vamplock fic. I’m awful at responding to comments in a timely fashion but I’m trying to get better at it! Thank you to SherlockWatson_Holmes for their lovely encouragement and my bevy of writing wives who scream at me daily for me to keep writing.
The next chapter is here! Thank you as always to my amazing beta reader SherlockWatson_Holmes!
“Welsh clay tiles, they’re not usually found in this area. Some of the older houses in London used the tiles on their roofs during the 1800s, but most have now been replaced with better materials. When the tiles came off the roof, they broke and left a residue in the soil. There are about five houses in the local area that used this type of tile, so we need to go through them to find where the body was buried. And look, guess who lives in one of them,”
“Shit, sorry!” John exclaims, his heart pounding in his chest. He turns his head quickly, trying to see whether Sherlock is nearby. To his luck, the detective is still in the back of the shop, having an enthusiastic conversation with another customer about the ‘belt’ John had picked up earlier.
“I’m done falling, John.” He murmurs, and with a surge of bravery, Sherlock closes the gap in between them. John’s lips are soft and sure as he kisses back, and Sherlock vows from this moment forward, the spectre of Irene will never see him again.
“Sorry?”
John kept his hands to himself for the rest of the journey, and Sherlock pushed the question out of his mind, focussing instead on researching Talacre Park and the surrounding area. The overground ran along the back of the park, with only the Prince of Wales Medical Centre buffering the railway and the park itself. A main road ran along the east side of the park, but it was large enough that you couldn’t see the west side from the road. Plenty of residential buildings on all sides — someone must have seen something. It was hardly a secluded place to dump a body; either the killer wanted to be found, or the place had a particular significance.
Sherlock wanted whatever John would give him, in whatever measure he was allowed. Sherlock wanted to wake up to the sight of John and his naked bodies, twisted into the shapes that came with sex and the closeness that came afterwards. Sherlock wanted every version of John’s smiles and frowns and all of the emotions in between. He wanted to grow old and eventually die with John, and suddenly their fight in the restaurant seemed not only silly, but remarkably irrelevant.
Sherlock puffed out his chest, clearly proud of his work.
"Oi, mate, I swear. I swear to Christ I'll leave her alone. She'll never hear nothin' from me again." The man sniffled and wormed his way back a few inches. Desperately trying to put space between him and the man with a murderous glint in his eyes.
“God, John, I don’t know! I just can’t
“Yup.” Sherlock said, popping the ‘p’. “We need more evidence before we can arrest him though. If I can trace the soil samples back, we can figure out if he had access to the original burial site.”
A hand is on top of his, and it takes way too long for Sherlock to look over and confirm that it’s John’s. Logically, few other people would be so brazen to presume that an unsolicited touch is welcome, but Sherlock feels a wave of relief that is almost overwhelming.
“No, Sherlock. You are exactly the person I need. I have felt more alive with you than I ever have, and I am prepared to do anything to make this work. I want
“Please John…” Sherlock begs, his voice teeters on the edge of a sob. His legs squeeze around John’s waist and John is holding back saying it again. That he loves this man with more heart that should be physically possible. “Take me…”
option and hesitated for a long moment. Did he really want his first post online to be this? Shrugging, John took a sip of whiskey for courage and clicked hard on the trackpad.
“I’m sorry for not being there for you,” he begins, and Sherlock shifts his gaze back to him once more. “I’m sorry for holding you to unrealistic standards. I know you. Before all this, I met the most incredible man at St Barts, and he asked me to come live with him. And I said yes, not because I wanted the perfect boyfriend, but because I like the man I met. I stayed, every day, because you were my friend. You are perfect as you are, and I chose you. When you finally kissed me, it was everything I wanted, but somewhere along the line, I stopped seeing you for
The front door to 221B was opened just enough for Greg to know that this was going to be one of the nights that he just made sure John continued to breathe. The sliver of golden light coming from the flat created darker shadows as Greg made sure to avoid the creaky twelfth step so as not to wake up Mrs. Hudson. Of course, he was aware that she was only pretending to sleep. Probably sitting in her kitchen as she sipped a cup of now lukewarm tea and silently hoped that the noises she had heard upstairs were John just being too exhausted from another double shift at the clinic. That her texting Lestrade tonight was preventative, and nothing more.
“Of course I embrace and accept...idiot.”
“No! Sit back down.” Sherlock demands before he hastily tacks on “Please.” John freezes, startled. Even for Sherlock, this is weird.
Mycroft begins to walk towards the door, his umbrella swinging lightly in his hand. He pauses, his hand on the doorknob, and turns to address John.
“Why are you here?”
“Yeah. But this time, he came to my work. Booked an appointment just to see me.”
“I beg your pardon?”
Clothing is torn off. Buttons fly in all directions. Sherlock groans a curse that John wants to hear as many times as possible. John yearns to witness Sherlock open wide and crying out his name, his steady thrusts and wanton moans the only communication that they need. There have only been a handful of times they went into specific kinks, and John straddles Sherlock’s hips and reaches over into the bedside table. To his delight, the purple satin material is still there, and he yanks it out and places it onto Sherlock’s chest.
Leah's smile widens at the compliment. “You too. Nice to get out and just relax. I love my job, but it doesn’t leave much free time.”
The game was back on.
“I’m not interested in what you’re selling,” Sherlock says as he turns on his heel and reaches for the door. “Dream or hallucination or whatever this is, I have a case to finish...now if you’ll excuse me.”
blatantly lied.”
He was too busy watching Sherlock reveal his alabaster chest to mourn the loss of the nearly see-through white shirt. Despite having spent so much time staring at it, trying to get a hint of what lay beneath. John drank in every inch of skin and had to remind himself to breathe when the scissors made it to Sherlock's trousers.
John openly gapes at him, as if Sherlock’s the one being unreasonable.
When John is out, hunting for his next lover, the silence of the flat is a welcome relief to all the sex noises, but there should be an in between. There needs to be an intricate balance of John and our comfortable partnership, whilst that same John can find new ways to ejaculate rainbows. Perhaps in a smaller collection of gays, before slowly turning his eye into my very willing direction.
“So much for gently easing our friends into this new part of our relationship, hmm?” John gasped between chuckles.
Hank Pillet, much to John's surprise, had also been a forensic scientist out in Boston. While not exactly local, the number of forensic scientists in John's life had just increased by two. Unable to quell the protector that lurked inside him, John swapped back to the tab with Twitter still open and hit 'Tweet'.
John couldn’t know. Most importantly, he would affect the data if he knew that his responses were being recorded. But Sherlock also had this deep, sinking feeling that this was one of those things that John considered ‘not good’. John didn’t understand. He needed this — needed the rigid structure and familiarity that the data could provide. Numbers couldn’t lie. He knew how to interpret numbers. It was the key to keeping John happy. So he persevered, sneaking into the bathroom with his laptop during the day or waiting until John had called it a night before opening the spreadsheet and inputting the data.
The DI frowned at Sherlock for a moment before twisting around to look at the crumpled up form of the dead man. Blood splattered the small patches of the ground all around him, and his open eyes stared off into nothing.
“In the same pattern as before?”
We have news, though! There WILL be a part 2! These boys wouldn't shut up, so we're already 30k+ into part two! So if you haven't already, go ahead and hit subscribe to the series, because that should alert you when we post a second story!
The door opens just enough for a small right hand to appear through it, clutching what looks like a fresh cup of coffee.
“Does he look familiar?”
“Why would he do that? Normally he whisks you away somewhere.”
John can actually feel his forehead wrinkle and deepen his worry lines. How the hell does he
"Greg, care to shove that second tablet I saw on the table down his throat like the angry kitten he is? Should we wrap it in some cheese for you, Sherlock? Hmm?" John glared down at his lover and sat on top of his thrashing thighs. He might be short, but he had a solid enough build, and his weight was sufficient to keep Sherlock from bucking him off. "Could you stop fighting me for just one minute, Sherlock? Please, Love? I brought you pancakes."
Another swirl of his tongue and I am fairly sure stars and butterflies have soared into the bedroom. He pulls at my legs until my arse is slightly raised and he begins to massage my hips. Each new noise that leaves my throat is elongated by the skills that gave him the name Three Continents Watson.
John’s eyes crinkle in a smile and he kisses the tip of Sherlock’s nose. The intimate sweetness of it throws Sherlock’s mind palace into a state of unexpected disrepair. The thoughts are a jumbled mess that will take him hours to sort out as John pulls him onto his feet and back onto the bed.
However, a more lingering inspection made the situation a million times worse.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” John can feel his voice creeping into a higher pitch, and his heart begins to hammer against his chest.
“Late night?”
,” John says with a wink, dipping the spoon into the bowl for a second time, and Sherlock playfully rolls his eyes.
John sinks forwards, resting his forehead against the polished wood. He’d almost forgotten. For three glorious hours, he had convinced himself that nothing had changed, that the detective at home was still his.
The blade slid across his throat, leaving a shallow but long gash, but it was enough. John was able to roll out from underneath the madman and had his gun back in both hands before Sebastian had time to clutch his sack with both hands. Pointing the gun directly at the man's head, John sniffed and cocked the gun.
"This one," John said while pointing to a yellow and black crest low on his left side. It was a man riding a horse while holding a spear to a dragon underfoot, "is the Northumberland Fusiliers' crest. I spent most of my time in that regiment; a few mates and I went out and got this done."
to find this."
“Like he wasn’t already.” John laughs.
have a place inside you,” Irene says, her voice unmistakably relieved. Sherlock barely hears her. His only concern is ripping the drawer open. Perhaps off of its hinges, if it would help bring this nightmare to an end.
Wordlessly he carried the man down the hall and into Sherlock's bedroom. Hoping there wasn't anything hard and unforgiving like a book under the blankets, he tossed Sherlock down and crawled over him.
“Then...and just bear with me a moment,” Harry replies. “Let’s take the understandable shock of the spreadsheet away...if the topic was anything else, what would you deem from it?”
Sherlock tilts his head, and John’s heart does a similar movement in the centre of his chest. It’s unsettling and painful, but he stays as upright as he can. Ever the soldier, even now.
“Everyone is so nice,” John says, more to the back of Sherlock’s head than anything, but appreciates the soft squeeze Sherlock’s hand gives him in response. It’s evident that Sherlock has a specific place in mind with the way he is narrowing his eyes and looking from one side of the street to the other. John barely cares where they are heading. He’s too enraptured by it all.
room. That she should never have crossed that particular line in the sand. Why couldn't she just leave well enough alone and be content with having so much of John already?
“Because I wanted to paint you.”
“I need this, John,” Sherlock muttered under his breath, closing his eyes and leaning back into the wall behind him. “I need to think.”
were the experiments,” Sherlock whispers. “Collections of data and formulas that passed through my life. I have no ill will towards what I learned from them. They were stops along the way. It is
"Erm… What is a Kiton?" John asked as he helped Sherlock back onto the sofa. Currently, he was far more concerned about Sherlock and his stability than he was about whatever this kitten thing was. If Mycroft Holmes wanted to buy him a series of shirts with kittens or puppies on it, who cared?
So. It begins.
“Similar location and manner of death,” Greg confirms. “Except this bloke got in a few hits before he was strangled. Defense wounds on the palms of his hands. Molly should be able to verify, but always good to get Sherlock in before we move the body. Stops him from screaming at us later on.”
“What decision?”
“Asexual.” He replied, eyes narrowed in her direction. “Your games were never going to work on me, Irene.”
John lept from the sofa, one hand covering his quickly wilting erection, the other scrambling across the floor for his trousers. A deep scarlet blush was creeping up John’s neck, followed by him yelping as he shot a glance back at Sherlock, who was still incredibly nude on the sofa. The same sofa on which, only a week ago, the DI had consoled the doctor regarding another first date gone wrong.
“Don’t make me repeat myself.”
It dawns on John, rather late, that every single person lining these streets is like him. Perhaps not exactly the same, but they all share a common identity, all belonging to the same community. Each person here understands the struggle and is prepared to raise their head with pride, wearing their hearts on their sleeves and saying ‘fuck you’ to anyone that dares challenge them. It’s taken the best part of four decades, but finally, he’s found somewhere he belongs. And he has someone amazing to share it with.
Sherlock hangs the belt back on its display and places his hands gently on John’s shoulders.
“You have no right—”
John nudges Sherlock with his elbow before grabbing their rainbow cups and striding back to the bar. Sherlock loses him as he wiggles through the growing crowd, and he lets out a breath he hadn’t noticed he’s been holding. The ease that John has here will take more than a few days within his mind palace to unpack. Does Mary know about the John he sees tonight, and if so, why was she worth seeing it before himself? Is it wrong for Sherlock to care this much about it?
let a cock touch him."
Then I blink, and John is stood over me, concern creasing his beautiful face. I touch my nose. Not broken or otherwise damaged. Head feels only slightly swimmy. John more than likely caught me. How much of a dramatic gay must I be?
"As for Anderson, he's a dick. If you can't control your urges, you don't enter into a relationship. Easy as that. I haven't been with anyone since I came back to London. Aside from this one girl six months ago. But that was a one time thing, and controlling myself hasn't been a problem. I have two hands and access to unlimited amounts of porn. I can wank if I need it."
“They will after we’re done making one of their interrogation rooms into our personal sex den,” Sherlock said, half laughing. “Actually, it’s more likely word will get around, and they’ll shut room 199 down altogether. More money and paperwork for my brother...
“Better question to ask yourself than I,” she says back.
Shit.
So he wouldn’t give up.
Suddenly the massive denseness of his body lifts, and he leaps from the bed. His gaze rests on the haunting figure for only a moment before he grabs the hourglass in both of his hands and throws it against the wall with all of his might. The wall crumbles under the strain and a flood of water rushes in, blasting everything in its wake, and Sherlock holds the breath he can now finally take.
loved his job.
John is laughing, giddy beyond relief, and before he connects what his body is doing, he is holding Sherlock in his arms and feels Sherlock holding him back. The deep baritone chuckles are the best and only sound that John needs to hear for the rest of his life.
“You and Clara couldn’t stay together, and both of you were so much further along than Sherlock and I. You had history and—”
Sherlock felt his own cock throb at the memory of what his mouth could indeed do, and what John’s mouth happily did in return.
He reads the words a second and then a third time. The swirling lines at odds with the sharp edges that Anderson had dealt with for so long.
It was like a train barreling into a station only to realise at the last possible second they were supposed to stop. Or a kettle about to boil over. One moment John had simply been on the brink, skirting the edge of no return. The next, Sherlock's full length slid perfectly against his prostate, and John's vision went black.
It isn’t often that Sherlock wishes that he could actually read minds. The science of deduction is as close to reading minds as possible, but deduction sometimes just is not enough. It also is not very helpful that John is hastily pulling clothing out of their suitcase instead of responding has Sherlock wanting to be able to push his way through John's brain and read all of the thoughts within it. Fine then, he'll be even
John couldn’t be hurt. He had survived Afghanistan and murderous cab drivers. The likes of Dr John Watson couldn't be taken out by a fender bender.
“Married to my work ring a bell at all?” John asks, his expression neutral in the most infuriating of ways. “Sherlock, even you
“John…” Sherlock answers back, his legs tremble as he slips inside, and John babbles out more curses before biting the side of Sherlock’s neck again. Sherlock groans and pushes deep and in. The sweltering heat of John pierces him just as much as John’s sharp fangs.
John got one knee detangled from the duvet, which was all the added leverage he needed. He altered his angle with a thrust and a twist, slamming his cock straight into Sherlock's prostate. The reaction was immediate. They both screamed. It wasn't a shout, or a moan, or even a groan. It was a primal scream that echoed off the walls and probably ended up bouncing through the broken window where anyone walking past could hear. John's head bent forward, and he lost the ability to keep his eyes open.
He moves forward because it’s the only option. The pub is only a few blocks north, with lots of distractions. Football matches and cheers from blokes on barstools. He might even get into a good conversation or two before his head becomes too fuzzy with beer.
With yet another shake of his head, John turned to his medical bag, fumbling through it for a moment before producing a small tube of burn cream and a bandage roll, along with a small antiseptic wipe. He tore open the packaging and swiped the area clean with the antiseptic before applying a generous amount of cream over the burn. It was strange to be doing this in the comfort of his own home, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that what he was doing was also highly illegal.
That information is evidently stored in the same section of his brain that has the name of the alcohol that he tossed back eight separate times.
Deciding he'd done enough teasing, at least for the moment, John put his tongue back to work doing something other than speaking. Starting low, just above where his thumb was wrapped around Sherlock's shaft, holding his hips in place, John licked one solid line all the way to the tip. He swirled his tongue around in a circle twice before engulfing Sherlock's cock deep within his mouth. He went as far as he could, which got most of Sherlock's length in his mouth, then swallowed.
"Come on... Come on... Think, John, think!" he growled to himself, his desperation rising.
Or, just follow us both on twitter and watch for the post that will inevitably happen when we start posting #2
Although John has only had a few quick and deliberate rendezvous with men in his past, years of medical school coupled with a school life filled with same-sex showers allows him to accurately surmise two very crucial facts.
“He’s with Irene,” Sally said sharply, and John fell silent. “She was in the car waiting for him the night he came to see me. I have no idea where she is, but I believe that she will lead you to him.”
Eventually, he felt his heart slowing down and the omega scent lingering all around him was pushed into the background of his senses. He didn’t have a clue how long that would last before his more primal urge to dominate and fill and fuck would unravel any higher brain function that he had left. He would be damned if he would lower himself to behaviour like those filthy animals in the street.
an experiment. My methods and secrecy were... misguided, sometimes horribly so, but you
“Our pal Michael Pierce?” John smirked, running a free hand through Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock froze, just for a second, trying to decide whether he liked the sensation. It wasn’t unfamiliar to him, the gentle pull of John’s fingertips across his scalp, but here? He couldn’t decide how he felt about it.
“It’s fine, John. Go back to sleep.” Sherlock murmured into John’s hair, pulling him closer and taking a deep inhalation of the remnants of John’s cologne; sage and cedarwood. They were here, now, in each other’s arms. That was all that mattered. John shook his head as if he didn’t want their talk to be over, but his sleepiness was winning the battle.
Irene twists herself so that she is facing a large section of bare wall and points her mobile towards it as if it’s a television remote. Then comes the sound of her dialling a series of numbers into the keypad, whose tones are too familiar to ignore.
“I get it, John. I do. When my wife left, I just wanted her around, in whatever way possible. Just, be careful, John. Sometimes it’s not that easy.”
“You know exactly what I’m implying, Dr Watson.” Mycroft stands, adjusting his waistcoat to lie flat against his chest.  “What do you see when you look in the mirror?”
Sherlock wonders what else this woman can do, and has done. There is an air of mystery around her that he doesn’t like at all, nor the hint of resigned admiration in John’s recollection of her.
John instead of fear
“Sherlock, there’s tea made...if you’re wanting it.”
"Who the fuck are you, and where is Sherlock? Answer the second question first, and I won't shoot you in the kneecap." John growled while pointing his gun at the back of the man's leg.
At once, the room becomes heavy with their pants as John pushes inside Sherlock’s wet heat and the bed sways with their rocking back and forth. Their mouths open and tongues intertwine as John bucks into Sherlock with a  slow and firm thrust that has his detective gasping hot breath into the shell of his ear. The ebb and flow of their lovemaking tells a story that John wants to retell on his blog. It plays a song that only Sherlock can play on his violin. That their sex is messy and dirty and beautiful and chaotically pure. It’s what keeps John from escaping this entire world of insanity because Sherlock lives in this insanity too, and they need this.
Before long, he moves his mouth away from the shaft of my cock and begins to move downwards, kissing my bare skin as he goes. He gently sucks at my balls as he passes, but inevitably continues downwards, until his mouth comes to rest on my entrance. John delicately swipes his tongue across the ring of muscle. I groan and he does it again, before flattening his tongue and lapping at the same spot. It doesn’t take long for me to begin squirming, pushing my hips towards him, begging for more. Blindley, I reach into my nightstand and pull out the small bottle of lube I keep there. John takes it in hand, hardly stopping his wet, welcome kisses as he uncaps the bottle and squeezes a little into his hand.
“Stay with me,” John murmured, throwing a glance over his shoulder to make sure the other alphas were truly gone. “Just stay with me.” His voice rasped slightly as the words tumbled past his lips and out into the crisp evening air, the hoarseness an after-effect of the deep growl that he hadn’t used in quite a long time. What the hell had brought this on in the first place? Hadn’t the omega realised that he was on the verge of his heat? It was extremely rare in their day and age for an omega to be away from home even relatively close to the start of their cycle anyway, but to be out and about when it actually started was practically unheard of.
John’s thumb rubbed at Sherlock’s knuckles. John did that when about to reveal something hard for him to talk about. Rubbed at the spacebar on his laptop when he was writing a difficult case on his blog. Rubbed at his forehead when going through medical journals to stay up to date with locum work for the surgery.
This was what Sherlock understood. The technical aspects of creating pleasure, how to build up the tension, putting pressure in all the right spots, until his partner couldn’t take it anymore. He’d build and build, denying them release until the last possible moment, before letting them fall apart. And right now, John was his for the experimentation. Glorious and sensual and quivering underneath his fingertips until they both finished each other off.
me to find him, and I will."
She had been. It was her birthday — the first birthday that she’s spent out, as herself. As Molly Jane Hooper, and she’s been excited to spend the day doing all the things she’s wanted to do since she was a child, but always been too scared. She and Irene had been shopping last week to find the perfect swimwear, travelling from store to store until she eventually found one she was comfortable with. They’d found a beautiful skirt-like bottom, with lots of loose material that made her feel less self-conscious about being so exposed, and Irene had paired it with a beautiful blue bikini top that pinched in all the right places. They were going to have afternoon tea, then lounge the afternoon away in the spa, drinking cocktails at the bar in the evening.
Sherlock sighed, stood up from the corpse and swivelled around. His magnifying glass snapped closed, the echo of it ricocheting around the morgue. The DI and Molly's faces stared back at him as if they had just recalled where they were.
John lets out a long breath, swallowing against the hard lump that has formed in his throat. A large part of him wants to open the door anyway — to sneak under the covers and pretend nothing ever happened. To hold the miles of arms and legs of a grumpy consulting detective against him until Sherlock sighed into the crook of his neck and they both drifted to sleep.
However, that made very little sense. It had been
“Then what’s wrong?”
“Four hundred and forty-three point seven milliletres.” Sherlock says, pulling two graduated cylinders out of his bag and placing them on the counter.
Badum tsssss
John had to make a stop inside the refrigerator to send an urgent message to the bed, using morse code to implore it to hold Sherlock until he got there.
“Nope, we’re going all the way. If we stop here, we’ll never get upstairs.” John says, despite Sherlock’s grumbles. John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist, hauling him up the stairs. Sherlock leans into the touch, wishing he could stay like this forever. John’s casual touch; both their walls broken down, if only for the night.
“So it seems. I had begun to realise that, by the end. Although, my reasoning was a little off. It’s irrelevant now.” She shrugged, as if to cement the point. “I still do not see the problem.”
Sherlock expected John to reach forward and take him in hand, so was surprised when the doctor slid from the table, his trousers falling around his thighs. John broke the kiss, working his way along Sherlock’s jawline and down his neck, before sinking to his knees. He looked up, the silent question burning in his eyes, and Sherlock nodded, praying that his knees wouldn’t give way.
The next chapter is in the tin. Comments and kudos are loved and at some point I will get to answering them! Hugs and honeybees to you all!
Sherlock’s eyes glisten in slowly changing light, and something in John’s chest twists hard at the vision.
“Here is a figment of my imagination,” Sherlock replies. “Created by a hit to the head or something equally monotonous.”
; severed fingers and all. Until suddenly, you didn’t. And it hurt, more than it ever had before, and for so long I couldn’t understand why. So, I did what I always did. I analysed the data. Treated the subject as a suspect in a crime, and proceeded to theorise their behaviours and actions to the inescapable conclusion.”
The knock on the front door startled them both. They had not planned on any visitors until later in the afternoon when Greg would be by with John's overnight bag.
John takes a few steps over to his chair and sits down, waiting for Sherlock to look up at him.
Immediately he begins to feel water rise in his throat, and he begins an awkward combination of coughing and retching. Something turns him to his side, and he winces at the sharp pain in his chest. Water splatters over the deck beneath him until he’s left gasping for breath, dry and spent. He’s turned onto his back again and he gasps at the bright blue eyes, suspended above him.
“Sherlock?” John begins to ask, unsure of what his exact question will be, but Sherlock cuts him off quickly with another utterance of ‘case’ without ever taking his eyes off the sketchpad.
“No, of course not. We just don’t need to go correcting everyone who doesn’t realise—”
“Is your friend lost?”
It took him another three hours, but Sherlock finally identified the source of the soil.
“Sherlock, what is this?” John’s tone is slightly apprehensive, with specklings of genuine curiosity. Sherlock can do a lot with both. Cultivate it into a thrill of adventure and the pursuit of danger.
“I thought that you’d be more appreciative of me coming onto...your preferred battlefield, so to speak.”
“Fucking cops,” the man roars as he looks over his shoulder at Sherlock, only metres behind him. His Belstaff coat ripples as if he is caught in a summer storm, and Sherlock makes another quick right turn, still in hot pursuit.
“It never bothered you before.”
“Why are you here?” he asks, pulling a nearby stool from off to the side to sit on. “Usually it is only me who comes into my mind palace. It’s a place meant for me to sort thoughts and theories. Formulate patterns and clues.”
“Welcome back, Mr Holmes.”
doctor.” Sherlock said far too quickly. His usual stony facade must have slipped at the words because Irene cocked her head and gave a long, slow smirk. Her stance reminded him of the first time they met, in a room not unlike the one they were sat in now. A lot had changed since then, but her enigmaticness and cool, calculating gaze were much the same.
He tried to sit back, but the coffee table behind him rammed into his back. So with a great grunt of effort, he got himself on the sofa and wasted no time in reaching for himself. He'd been so close, just from watching Sherlock take pleasure, that his orgasm had been a near thing. But he'd held off, wanting to be alert and soak in every moment of Sherlock in ecstasy.
"He's really smarter than your other officers, isn't he? Should make him a detective, get him out of the labs a bit more often. Though, he'd hate dealing with people, wouldn't he?"
“And you’re hiding back here because...?”
Another tap of the umbrella as the elder Holmes - the
John stilled at the admission, or maybe it wasn’t technically that. It was hard to tell when Molly’s voice trembled that way. Like a newly born fawn testing out its legs for the very first time. Each word shook, but with that tiny thread of bravery of
Sherlock has already dropped his latest painting and is swirling on his coat.
“I can’t.”
“I thought it was just a one-off,” John admitted. “The thrill of something unexpected, coupled with how striking you looked but no...I was captivated right from the beginning.”
the problem. I can’t love someone who treats me like this. Goodbye, Sherlock.”
John watches himself from what was absolutely the night before. He is smiling, eyes heavily lidded and kissing up Sherlock’s inner thigh. The camera angle adjusts to put John more into the frame, and a deep moan reverberates from off-screen as John licks a long stripe along Sherlock’s right testicle.
“How the hell are there so many of them,” John asks before gesturing an accusatory hand into the wall of fluttering pride flags. “I don’t think that I can do this. I have no fucking idea what I’m doing and I’m going to offend the entire LGBTQ+ population and why did I ever suggest going to this event with you? I must’ve been drunk.”
John wiggles his hips, not seeming to be able to stay still and Sherlock revels in his ability to do this, and even more in his desire to
“I faintly remember you saying I could tell you how brilliant you are later.”
Sherlock growled at Lestrade before continuing to search. Cigarettes would not do the trick today. He needed bullets and something solid to shoot them at.
He needed to work fast. Even now the scent of the omega’s heat was growing with every passing minute. It had been easier to ignore it when he had been more focused on getting them both indoors, but now there was no outside airflow to block the rolling aroma, the combination of desire mixed with the much softer scent of flowers radiating from all around him
The sound of a mobile phone crashing to the ground meets John’s ear, followed by the unmistakable sound of the DI cursing with the might of all of Scotland Yard. John sighs as he checks the time on his phone. It’s still fairly early in the evening, but Greg was obviously asleep before John’s phone call.
Judging by the scathing tweets, in which the poster outline the likelihood of cheaters being killed by their partners, John assumed the OP was not having a good night. He dragged his mouse point over the
Both of John's hands still at the sentiment of Sherlock's admission. Sherlock’s tenderness when all of his outer shell's thorns fall away is a sight that John has missed.
Molly tries and fails not to sniffle into the receiver. She is already rethinking her plan to whine to Irene about yet another time she wishes that the world could be just a little bit kinder. As if Irene is just a shoulder to cry on instead of a complete person.
How is John supposed to even begin dissecting the last message?
The relationship hadn’t been bad, but nor had it been the best. Conducted in secret so that John could maintain his tough rugby persona, he and Chet had met in secret. At first, that had helped fuel the spark. It made every hand job, every blowjob or clumsy attempt at more special. But soon, the strain began to wear on both of them, and John broke it off knowing that Chet deserved better. He deserved someone who could be open and honest with him. A partner who would hold his hand while walking down the hall.
"I'm so sorry," John whispered as he lowered himself to his knees, leaving a trail of kisses going down Sherlock's stomach. "I'll do better by you, keep you safer from now on. Let me apologize properly..."
“No, Greg. I won’t, because I’m sick of this. Sherlock, just tell me whatever you’re thinking, I can deal with it. I’m not some child that needs coddling. I fucked up, and that’s fine. Just tell me that. This, this is too weird.”
To give himself something to do, he stood up and walked over to the foot of the bed to where John’s charts were located. The paperwork was settled onto a small clipboard, incredibly old fashioned, but still useful for the staff to look over John’s most recent care. With another twist of his gut, Sherlock read what was clearly John’s handwriting:
to hear Sherlock rationalise this. To act as if this is no big deal when it really,
John flinches as if Sherlock has shouted, but of course he won't give John that satisfaction. Then John would be allowed to yell back without feeling guilty about it later.
It’s nightfall by the time that the car stops, and Sherlock frowns at the small cottage in what might as well be the middle of nowhere. The entire surrounding area is filled with giant thickets of trees and the taxi driver appears to be more than pleased that he’s heading back to civilization as soon as he can.
This wasn’t what Sherlock needed at all. He had grown weary of the constant self-reflection and continued confirmations. Labels were meant to make obvious proclamations, yet he still found himself having to further explain.
Sherlock feels another shudder as he moves closer to her into the room. The door behind him gives a small click, but he is too rattled to care. He needs answers, and if Irene is not going to provide them willingly, then a more direct approach is the way to go.
“Did it help? The spreadsheet...before I overreacted about it, that is.”
By the time it was over, he felt himself struggling to keep a hold of John in his arms, but he refused to let go.
So, with a small sigh, John settles on reading the paper. Its crinkling will be slightly less intrusive to an otherwise fussy detective. Thankfully, the newspaper is this evening’s news, so John will need to add giving Mrs Hudson a grateful hug to tomorrow’s to-do list. His eyes scan over an article about a small break in just out of town, then to a bake sale for charity going on over the weekend before his lingering military senses perk up at the sensation of being watched.
“And I mean every word of it...unfortunately for my dignity. I assume that it’s on holiday with Kraig’s.”
Somewhere in my mind palace, my ability to keep certain thoughts compartmentalised is bursting open, and even though I am internally shouting
At first, he kept it tightly hidden, only spraying it on his pillow before he fell asleep or carrying a few drops on a tissue when John was out of the flat. However, as time passed, he became bolder, smudging a few drops on his wrist or under his jaw. One night he went as far as to spray a cloud on his shirt, letting himself get lost in the comforting scent.
It was as if someone had run an electrical current through Sherlock's body. The man arched off the sofa, and his thighs tightened like he was going to try and stand up. John pressed his free hand to Sherlock's stomach and pushed him back against the sofa.
“Sorry. Got trapped at the surgery. Things going all right then? He figured anything useful for the case yet?”
“Signs of fluctuating euphoria and arousal when you are near me or within certain rooms of my mind palace. The incessant need for you to be happy, regardless of whether I am involved in that happiness or not. Idealisation of many different types of lives with you by my side. The necessity of touch even when we are close. There’s more, of course. There’s always more, but there is sufficient data for me to deduce that I...Sherlock Holmes, am hopelessly in love with you.”
"Hmm?" Sherlock asked, trying to regain his footing.
"We were fighting all the time," John blurts out, trying to grasp at something. "How we were...it wasn't healthy for either of us."
“So, what were you saying before I went on about your cologne?”
of all people?” Sherlock’s voice is getting firmer as he becomes more frustrated by Irene’s lack of answers and riddle-like tone.
Evidently, John’s ability to keep their breakup quiet for at least a few days was just as successful as keeping the start of it hushed up. At least to Greg it seems.
“Where were you headed before your unscheduled stop with us in room 194?”
And swinging he must do with all the noise that comes from his bedroom. It’s hard to tell if two men are penetrating each other with penises or swords, what with the amount of feral screaming that occurs. Mating calls, more like it. They are loud enough that on one otherwise pleasant Tuesday, I lost a delicate sound experiment because of Timmie with an ie’s rhythmic groans.
“I don’t know,” John grumbles, throwing up his hands in defeat. “I just don’t get why…that is that…”
John made his way closer to Sherlock and bent down onto his right knee to look more closely. "Looks like it, yeah. The skin is still intact enough for the bruising to be visible."
, so it dictates that you went there with the DI like you initially chatted about, and you had a nice time. People don’t usually keep souvenirs connected with unpleasant memories.”
Sherlock no longer was of this planet. He was only bone and clay meant to be moulded into whatever John Watson wanted. The nibble pinch was devastating to his vocal cords, and it took all of John's strength to keep him from curving his spine like a bow as he reared his head back. That would not be a good way to keep all of his stitches in. His eyes seemed not to be able to decide whether they wanted to stay open or closed, so Sherlock used his fingers to touch whenever his eyes slid shut. His voice felt rubbed raw with all the moaning, but he had an obligation to tell John what he was doing to him, even if his voice was nearly gone.
“Is everything alright between you two? He usually only spits dragon fire at me during his deductions.”
"I need you to look at something," John said, and Philip bathed in the calmness of the request. "Page 221, in the top right corner."
“Good,” John murmurs and leans in to kiss me, taxi-driver be damned. “Now, let’s go home so we can get all of these clothes off for the rest of the night.”
Securing a strip of bandage around Sherlock’s thigh to protect the burn, John shifted his focus to the sprained knee. Whatever he did would have to be done quickly so he tugged a decent amount of bandaging free from the roll and wrapped the swollen knee to provide a bit of stability and cushioning while Sherlock rested. It wasn’t exactly his best job, but he was running out of time. He could already feel the pull of his alpha instincts threatening to overtake him yet again and he still had more to do yet.
“Hey, you ok?”
that guides me, John. My conductor of light.”
She chanced a look up to John’s face again and instantly regretted it. There was a relentlessness just under the surface of all of his features. Warned that if you came to close that it would be the last thing you ever did. A dangerously seductive quality that she only had seen in one other person in her life, but that man hadn’t seen her as anything more than an infatuated colleague who thought her mouth was too small without lipstick.
They dumped their dirty plates in the sink and made their way over to the sofa. John flipped through a few stations before settling on a football match, then yawned. Sherlock sat next to him, already strategising the best way to initiate sex. In general, John never took much to persuade him, but after dinner, a heavy-handed clue was usually required. Sherlock deduced that the sluggishness came with the meal. After waiting until an ad break, Sherlock slid closer to John. He rested his head on John's left shoulder, and John gave a small sigh that usually affirmed that Sherlock could continue.
"I'm sorry if my...the whole I love you thing...from the other...it's…"
“Hey, do you want to get a coffee? I have some time before my train.” Leah asked, checking her watch.
“John,” That deep baritone echoes in his head, and John almost moans at the sound. Quickly, he pulls away, and reality comes crashing back down around him. Leah sits in front of him, disappointment pooling in her eyes, her cheeks still pink from the kiss.
“It was, yes. He wore it all the time. I’ve been looking for him for a while now.”
“Leave it to a cute little redhead to spoil the splendid start to a snog. I’ll have to have a word with that kitten.” They both break into an easy giggle, and as Irene fetches the dustpan and brush to sweep up the remains of the glass dolphin Laverne had knocked off the hallway table, Molly finds herself forgetting the events of the day before. The tension she’d been holding melts away, and the regret she’d felt at abandoning her plans disappears, replaced by a quiet contentment.
“John,” the man replies, looking way too haughty considering he’s broken into John’s bedsit. “You have a
Sherlock swept through the hallways of Barts feeling very wrongfooted. He wondered how he did any of The Work away from John, and would redouble his efforts to get the spreadsheet fully implemented by tomorrow morning at the latest.
“Afghanistan.”
“No need,” Sherlock whispered quickly, his mind narrowed in on the task ahead.
“It...it was supposed to be a surprise, John...obviously.”
Molly went scarlet in the face and placed the mug back at her desk. “Yes, you’re right,” she squeaked and moved over to the table across from Sherlock. “You’re usually right about these things though, so...it makes sense.”
This was not the cock, arse, and balls of just any up-and-coming (pun intended) porn star. This was without a shadow of the doubt, the cock, arse, and balls of the one and only consulting detective in the world.
“I wasn’t really upset...it’s just…”
With a small twist of his body, Sherlock moved so that his lips began to touch John’s neck and gave it a small kiss. John hummed a bit deeper. Good.
“Shh,” John silenced him with a kiss, slower than before, but charged with the same greedy hunger. Sherlock let his hands fall to John’s thighs, running his thumbs up the inside, towards his crotch. John shuddered at the contact, his muscles tensing beneath Sherlock’s fingertips. John wanted this. John wanted this and
“Well enough.”
"Let me help," Sherlock whispered, bending over and wrapping his hand over John's. He kissed John's neck face as he rubbed up and down, adding the right amount of tension to John's precise movements. "Look at me," Sherlock muttered, and John did. "See what your mind and body does to me."
“Yes,” Sherlock says, glancing down at his own private notes. His scribbles line the edges of the page, some encircled with phrases like
"A check that will keep you very well off for the next few years. To leave here and do what will assist you in being more than what I've witnessed on those video clips. You deserve that for being my little brother's…"
Sherlock had been careful not to let John see what he was up to, but there had been a few close calls when Sherlock had been too wrapped up in gathering information. He’d been sitting at the kitchen table, inputting additional data from the night before, and almost didn't notice John walking up behind him. He barely managed to change the tab before John read what was on the screen. From that point on, he resolved to only do major updates when John was asleep.
Sherlock bristles at her words, but decides that it is wiser not to retort. After all, he is still not entirely sure why his mind has conjured her, of all people.
(See the end of the chapter for
Chapter three steps onto the stage. Throw roses or tomatoes at it after the performance. (crosses fingers that it will be roses)
“Where have you been?”
If only he’d not become so overwhelmed, not panicked when John asked him if he had a boyfriend, things could have turned out so differently. They could have been something more. And now — now it was too late. It would always be too late.
Not for the first time that night, he wonders whether he made the right decision. He still wants to be with Sherlock; he knows he does. A twinge of regret pulls at his stomach. Should he have suggested alternatives than just a complete breakup? Could they have made it work, if John was more open to compromise? No. No matter whether or not Sherlock knew the true depth of John’s feeling, this relationship was doomed to fail, even if John wished otherwise. Because between all the good times, the adrenaline fuelled chases across London, the lazy Sunday mornings, wrapped in sheets; were the moments when Sherlock would dismiss him without a care. John had lost count of the number of times he’d brought up a new interest, a television show he’d enjoyed, or a fun recipe he’d discovered, only to have Sherlock put him down. Say that John was wasting time with silly interests. In the end, John stopped sharing altogether.
“What I was saying was connected to that, actually. The scent is yours. A blending of what I smell when you are close to me.”
“Sherlock...hey, look at me for a moment, yeah?”
“Are you sure—”
“But we have a fully functioning couch...unless there’s something
“I know.” Molly’s smile grew warmer. “So,” she began, gesturing to the items on the table, which included a large open folder, and what looked like the victim’s scarf. “I think you were right about this being related to the newest murders, despite the fact that it doesn’t quite fit with the other victims. The strangulation wounds were caused by her scarf, where the others were strangled by hand. But here — there are faint bruise marks on the neck, as if someone finished the job by hand. The age, appearance and gender all match the other victims, the only thing that’s missing is the calling card. I’m not sure you could prove it in court, but it might be worth exploring what made this one different.”
There were deductions that Sherlock had made regarding John’s sexuality. Anyone who shouted to anybody within earshot how ‘
“It’s a pile of crap, Sherlock, and you know it. I have less idea what’s going on here than you do. Why are you acting as if I’m made of paper?”
," Sherlock shouted at Seb as he pointed to John. "He's
The car lurched to a stop outside of 221 Baker Street, and Sherlock practically flung money at the driver before pulling John out of the cab and dragging him up the stairs. John’s laughter rang out through the hallway while Sherlock got the front door opened and closed it beyond him with a snap. John was on him in a flash, his lips on Sherlock’s and unzipping Sherlock’s fly with his free hand.
"I'm in love with him, you absolute idiot."
Sherlock is somewhat aware of this as John is squeaking quite a lot as he wiggles in Sherlock’s long fingers. Tiny wings flapping madly as he tries to break free of a Sherlock Holmes who has decided that hugging John in bat form is his new favorite activity.
“Very true, you could kill me right now. Except, then you’d have to deal with him, and he’s in the military.” Slight exaggeration, perhaps, but necessary. “Even if you manage to get past him, you’ll have some unfortunate questions to answer when Scotland Yard turns up. You didn’t think we’d come alone, did you?”
“What are you doing?”
— child-free areas in his family home. They began singing
John likes me. He fancies me. He opened himself up to more — literally and figuratively — because of me.
John waits and watches. It’s just another thing that he has always naturally done when it comes to Sherlock; wait for him to re-arrange whatever is happening into neat little piles for him to file away. Watch him be brilliant and everything extraordinary.
Sherlock was so close that John could smell him. Not his cologne, soap, or shampoo. But him. His skin, the soft clean scent of his shirt and the lingering traces of chemicals from the lab.
It’s the simple and straightforward answer that Molly has hoped for, but finds that she now is reeling with how to process this now confirmed information. In all honesty, she hasn’t gotten past this part in her head.
John looked down at Sherlock's hand, at the fingers still laced between his. This man was worth every ounce of self-control John possessed. He not only deserved monogamy, but John
John lifts up onto his toes and presses a kiss onto Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock’s eyes slide shut. The warmth of John’s breath and tongue is deep and rich. The gentle bump of their noses as they automatically readjust so that Sherlock's whimper of want vibrates all the way down John’s throat.
“Is there anything I can do?”
“He isn’t the same Sherlock I fell in love with, though.” It still feels strange to admit. Those words have lived in his head for so long, and they sound like whispered secrets in Greg’s mouth.
Warmth is everywhere at once, and Sherlock can’t decipher if it’s coming from all of the alcohol of the evening, or John’s penetrating stare. The heat of it may melt him into the chair, creating a puddle of a former consulting detective.
"What the fuck?" John curses, which is immediately echoed by the sound of frantic movement from the other room, as Sherlock half crashes through the door.
“I’m fine. Just bruised. They want to keep me overnight to make sure I didn’t damage anything, but I’m fine.” John shifted on the mattress, pulling up the sheets so they rested beneath his chin. “Tired, actually. Can you leave me to sleep?”
“Save it, Sherlock. I don’t care anymore.”
"Right, so not going to touch on the fact that I broke into a fucking police station?" John nearly spat out his beer as he struggled to hold in his laughter, "At least you've got your priorities, mate. Yes, Greg Lestrade,
“It’s nine o’clock on a Saturday, the regular crowd shuffles in, there’s an old man sitting next to me, making love to his tonic and gin.” With the last few words, John looks over at Sherlock and gives him a wink. Sherlock blushes into his glass, desperately trying to hide his face. A quick glance around the room reveals that a few people at nearby tables are watching John with mild interest, and the bartender is shaking his head gently, a small smile perched on his lips.
remember what he had eight shots of last night? He closes his eyes and allows his mind to drift, trying to recall the series of events.
I bite my lip, and John's smile fades. Might as well put all of the cards on the table.
“Missed you,” John slurred so sleepily that Sherlock barely understood the confession. “Flat feels so empty when...not here.”
Art by
(See the end of the chapter for
The butterflies in Molly’s chest are hammering hard with satiny wings on all sides of her heart. It feels glorious and terrifying all at once, and she finds herself being pulled towards Irene, who is moving towards her as well.
“Ne t'arrête pas,” Sherlock whined, his toes pointing out and flexing madly. “Aime ce que tu me fais.”
“Sherlock,” John says, his tone slightly concerned. “You ok? Looks like you just were told that Mycroft is going to be the next dancer on the stage.”
Sherlock feels that his mind is running far too fast, yet is somehow stuck in the same gear. The scene before him is too personal. Too raw and exposed. He shouldn’t be allowed to see this, yet he can’t look away.
There’s a pregnant pause. John can sense that Lestrade is holding back, trying to step delicately around the grieving doctor. John knows how he sounds, and if he were in Greg’s shoes, he’d probably tell himself to get a grip. But it isn’t that simple. Yes, they didn’t work romantically, but surely there is still something there? If they take romance off the table, maybe they can find the right balance. John can protect himself, overlook their shortcomings, without the expectation for something more.
An embarrassingly loud moan slipped from Sherlock’s mouth, and he tried and failed to suppress the shiver of need that ran through him. John smirked into his ear, running his hand further up his thigh, pausing just shy of his crotch. Sherlock whimpered, begging John to close the distance, but his hand stayed there, teasing.
“Is this okay?” John asks, breaking the urgency for a moment. He needs this; needs to be in control — to lay Sherlock beneath him and know that every sound that passes his lips is because of him, but he needs to know that Sherlock’s on the same page.
“Because you’re drifting closer to me, and although your doctor is braver than most...he can’t break through certain precipices.”
John was never one to shy away from asking people questions.
“Fancy a fry up?” John suggested. “I’m sure you’re just as famished as me after last night, and earlier this morning too. I should serve you breakfast in bed after what your mouth did to me…”
Sherlock closes his eyes and slowly darkens out rooms in his mind palace, making sure that any image of John stays in the light. John’s fascinated eyes when Sherlock first deduced him. John’s laughter in the flat. John’s heated words in the shell of Sherlock’s ear. How Sherlock needs to hold him as close as he possible dares.
“Why the bloody hell are we talking about this right now?” John groaned. “Or in this setting...or on this planet?”
pain in the arse, whatever that means now. John waits until after their server drops off another couple of beers to answer. She gives a flirty smile to John, which he pointedly ignores.
John takes the stairs two at a time, his spine straightening as the adrenaline kicks into his system. He bursts through the door, barely stopping for breath, and immediately seeks out the detective.
“I can’t do this anymore,” John mutters. “Not any of it...not if I want to maintain any shred of dignity I have.”
“Sherlock, I have another case for you.” He shouts as he bounds up the stairs, taking two at a time as usual. “You know that robbery from a few weeks ago? There’s been a few more, and this time there’s a bodycount. I know you said it was an inside job, but come take a look, will you?”
John attempts to moan out a warning, but nothing he says is intelligible, except for Sherlock’s name, repeated over and over until John pulses hot and hard into Sherlock’s waiting mouth. The tension of the moment floats into a dreamy sluggishness that has John thankful that two o’clock is hours away.
John inhaled a breath as he doubled over and placed his hands on his knees. This ended up being quite a huge mistake as the scent of Sherlock flooded his nose once more, only this time its power made his mouth water. The last of the scent blockers from the hospital seemed to have finally filtered out of his system He wanted to taste and scratch and -
He paused his thoughts, and shook them off as best he could. He was being unfair. In all likelihood, Leah was a perfectly nice person, with a husband at home and 2.5 kids. It was just that Sherlock didn’t have the best of experiences with apparently ‘perfectly nice’ people, and he didn’t need anyone else reminding John how much better he could have it.
Sherlock sends the text to Lestrade right before he feels the burst of pain. A deep soreness in his stomach and back, and then the sudden rush of icy coldness. He’s vaguely aware that he can’t breathe, something is pushing on his chest, crushing his lungs, but before he has time to truly panic, everything turns black.
(See the end of the chapter for
PUT THE FOOD AND DRINKS DOWN BEFORE YOU READ THIS
“Oh, don’t you dare, John Watson!”
Sherlock feels himself growing pink around the ears at John’s words, but his stomach unclenches slightly when John gently takes one of the cylinders and lifts it up in what is clearly meant to be a toast. Sherlock raises the other in his hand and they clink the tops of the long pieces of glassware.
Apparently, it took Sherlock his entire sexually active adulthood to find someone who knew the only way to turn on his being told what to do kink to eleven. The commanding voice was enough to roll his eyes back, but the growl in the tone was the tipping point to get Sherlock to grab John's hips hard and pull him closer to the edge of the bed. A few slides of lubricant around his shaft, and Sherlock pressed inside of John's tight rings of muscle with a firm thrust.
"Christ, I love how responsive you are," John had intended for the words to come out strong and sensual, a deep guttural moan that would leave Sherlock writhing. Instead, his voice cracked, and the words came out at a bare whisper. What was it about this man that made him lose all control?
and sends it, taking a deep breath and trying not to panic. Sherlock can look after himself. He isn’t obliged to keep John placated, especially not now, but it would have been nice to have been kept in the loop.
Harold chuckled softly behind him, and John could barely blame him. How the fuck could John not know whether he packed a tie or not?
Kraig blinks a few times, then leaves the kitchen. A few minutes later, there’s a slam of the downstairs door, and John is glaring at me from the door frame in nothing but red pants and black socks. It’s too early for me to be this aroused.
A series of noises come out of Sherlock’s mouth that can only tangentially be considered English, and the taxi driver’s face turns very serious indeed. Thankfully, John has always been stronger than he looks, and Sherlock finds himself in a mostly upright position as John pays the cab driver for his silence. They make it most of the way up the stairs before Sherlock’s knees begin to give out.
"I care about Sherlock a lot," Greg went on, "despite his string of anger-related problems his brother and I have to hush up and his constant need to steal parts off cadavers. But don't try to get out of the other part of this, John. What are you to, Sherlock? The closeness…that kiss…that isn't usually him at all. Hell, he and Anderson were living together and about to get engaged, and they barely held hands."
John gives a small wave as Sherlock continues to pull him along the way. The streets in front of them are becoming more full with a variety of parade-goers as they chat happily and sing along to the gay pride classics blaring on the temporarily placed speakers.
John drifted back to sleep quickly, his breaths shallowing out and his grip weakening. Sherlock stayed awake, running his fingers in small circles over John’s back, counting each rise and fall of his chest. This could be enough, couldn’t it? Even if no one else ever knew, if John never found the courage to tell his sister or confirm their relationship in public, they would still have this. Each other.
"The drug Mary injected you with. I think that's the information she stole. Mycroft didn't come out and say it, but it makes sense. Also explains why she didn't start killing right away. Finding a laboratory to create something like that wouldn't be easy, let alone one that would do it silently. It explains the time between her first two kills as well. She needed to see how quickly it left a body, if it would show up on a tox screen, and if Mycroft would catch wind of it and go after her. Then she got cocky… and tonight she's going to pay for that."
“I know, I just — I’m tired of fighting with the world.”
pulling all-nighters like most other cases, but Sherlock seems unusually calm. Sherlock has theories, of course, but he insists that the bodies are too infrequent to make any definite conclusions. Perhaps that is why the usual indifferent mask never falls, and Sherlock retains his sickly-sweet persona from the last few days.
John perks up at this. Good to see that John still enjoys some friendly competition.
“This is connected with the case we’re already working on?”
“You get a lot of texts in your line of work, don’t you?”
"All cards on the table?" John asked after they'd ordered, both of them going for fried food, knowing they'd be quick and easy, and the chef could get them out in next to no time. When Greg nodded, John folded both hands on the table and looked him square in the eye.
When they finally get down to the business of "The Business".
He could hear, and he could feel Sherlock's laboured breathing below his chest. But he couldn't move or speak. He was in limbo, floating above himself and unable to do anything about it except wait for his faculties to come back.
John bids a quick farewell to Lestrade, apologising for the outburst, before following Sherlock. He rehearses sentences in his head, racking his brain for ways to make Sherlock open up without pissing him off even more. It’s pointless, however, because as soon as he reaches the taxi, the door slams in front of him and drives off without so much as a glance backwards from the detective.
Thank you for all of your wonderful comments and kudos. They truly mean the world to me.
On the last number, Sherlock thrust his elbow backwards, throwing all his weight behind him. There was a sickening crack as his elbow connected with Pierce’s nose. It was probably broken, but he didn’t stop to check, instead he swept his foot along the ground and throwing Pierce off balance. The knife marginally pulled away from his back, and Sherlock took the opportunity to spin around and bring his knee upwards, smirking as it connected to soft flesh. John had closed the distance by now, pushing Michael down from behind, kicking the knife away and pinning his hands behind his back.
John can’t remember the last time he slept alone. Not since those dark intrusive thoughts inside that horrible bedsit, before he met the man who would turn his life upside down in the most brilliant and maddening of ways.
Sherlock himself had a variety of colognes and aftershaves that he applied. Day to day, he would use a sparing amount of Cedar scented aftershave, but when undercover, he liked to mix things up. In his wardrobe was a box of various scented deodorants and perfumes, all used according to which role he was playing. Over the years, he had found that by simply changing his scent to match his undercover identity, he would gain 40% more useful information. One day, he was going to write an article about it.
By the time it hits her chin, thick streams of tears have followed, having burst through the dam that had been holding them in. She takes in a shuddering breath, trying to maintain some level of control, before finally giving in. Molly’s hands fly to her face as if she can physically hold in the tears, and her knees begin to give way. She slides down the door, her rucksack digging uncomfortably into her back until she’s resting on the floor. Instinctively she hugs her knees, the soft wool of her scarf padding her face as the sobs wrack through her.
Anderson chuckled softly, and John gave a small smile back. "Just make a remark about my stupidity and you have him down perfectly."
Is it two chapters ahead of this chapter yet? I REALLY want to post that chapter. Buuttt noooo I have to go in order.
“Is that it? ‘
A gentle squeeze of John’s hand, and then it’s gone. The music of the club cranks up as a power ballad vibrates through the speakers and the moment they shared is now floating through the air like new lyrics to a song only Sherlock can hear. Why has he only learnt all of this now? On the final nights of John being single?
“This is the place, John. The victim was definitely here. I just need to match the samples so Lestrade can come and —” Sherlock was interrupted by the outside floodlights turning on and illuminating the garden. He instinctively brought a hand up to his face, trying to protect his eyes, but it was no use. He was temporarily blinded and stumbled back a few steps, and by the time his eyes adjusted, he felt the familiar presence of a knife, pressed against his lower back.
He gulps the apology he wants to give, and his stomach lurches. He might be joining Sherlock in vomiting onto the bedroom floor.
“Sorry,” he mutters. “It’s just, god, your
“I thought it was simple. All my life I have not experienced attraction of any sort, and yet John Watson is driving me to distraction. I was clearly wrong in my initial assessment, but I do not understand how. I still do not want anything of a sexual nature, and yet…”
“But I don’t want to. Whenever I think of myself in those positions, I just--” Sherlock grimaced instead of completing the sentence, and his body contracted as if retreating on itself. In contrast, Irene shifted forward on her seat.
“You deserve to feel good,” John mumbled onto Sherlock’s open mouth. “You fucking extraordinary creature. Show me what your gorgeous body can do for me.”
Other such necessities, indeed.
That was plenty to shut the man up, and the exchange quickly finished. Then, with a sharp turn, Sherlock headed in the opposite direction, already rethinking the wiseness of this plan.
It’s unnerving, knowing that there’s this side of John that he doesn’t understand. He never claimed to know John perfectly, and that was one of the things he loved about the man — his ability to surprise him — but this version of John seems so far away from the John ‘I’m not gay’ Watson he left behind all those years ago. Once, he would have gone out of his way to ensure everyone around him knew that he and Sherlock were not a couple, but now, he doesn’t seem to care. He looks so comfortable in this world, more comfortable than Sherlock has ever been, and whilst it’s not unwelcome, it is unsettling. What else has changed since he’s been away?
What John wanted was to toss the envelope to the side, roll over on top of Sherlock, and
When Holmes challenges Watson to a game of chess, he gets far more than he bargained for.
By the third day, John is ready to burst. Each compliment grates him; every thoughtful gesture sends him into a spiral of overthinking, and he almost wishes for the return of snarky Sherlock. Anything but this false layer of affection, the overly forced friendship.
The Woman will provide the answer. Or just more questions.
“Mental note to not give you surprising information when you first wake up,” John chortles. His hand slides up Sherlock’s arm to rest on the side of Sherlock’s neck. The bite mark there no longer hurts. “Shall we try this again, then? Good morning, Sherlock.”
“I’m sorry, I can’t do this.” John takes a gulp of air, letting his hands fall back to his sides. Immediately, they begin to form fists, clenching and unclenching to release the adrenaline. “Leah, you’re a wonderful woman, but I—” He stops mid-sentence. What’s he supposed to say?
“What do you mean?”
Sherlock gulped as he tried to regain his footing. “Yes...that’s true, but...you were at the surgery...earlier. How was your day at the surgery? That’s what I was referring to when...just talk about your day and I’ll listen attentively and…”
As if anyone would be interested in suffering along with Sherlock during the wedding, indeed. Better to get through it alone and then head back to Baker Street to recover for the next few centuries. Besides, who is he supposed to take? All of his friends have already been invited.
“I thought I was doing well. All the shame I felt, all the confusion inside me was almost gone. I found a word that describes me, I have a partner I love, and everything was fine. But surrounded by all of this, all these out and proud people, I just feel so overwhelmed.” A thumb brushes across John’s cheek and his eyes flutter open to see Sherlock in front of him, a warm smile perched on his lips. It’s almost enough to calm the storm inside him. Almost.
Mycroft paused and gulped back what tasted too strongly of salt to be anything but that.
John’s hands slid around Sherlock’s arse up the small of Sherlock’s back before settling on his hips. He felt a hand settle in his hair and glanced up to see those gorgeous eyes watching him. Though he was fully clothed, he felt naked under that gaze.
“You can’t lose what’s always here,” John answers simply. “That’s the point, Sherlock. I was just too stupid and stubborn to realise it until now. I was scared, too. Terrified that loving you would be too much to defend and explain. I was so focused on protecting my own sense of who the fuck I was that I didn’t embrace who I really
A singular key was in the left pocket of his trousers, exactly the same make as the other victims. Sherlock leaned down to check the watch on the man's left wrist. Rolex, about five years old. It was still ticking; although the time was off by an hour, therefore the murder must have taken place at least a month ago, before daylight savings time started. A wide smirk split through Sherlock’s face. So far, everything was pointing to this being an earlier victim, which meant the killer would have been sloppier.
Unfortunately, it’s at a crime scene where his frustration breaks its dam.
John emerges from his room, his head still a buzz from the previous night’s argument. He barely slept at all; replaying what was said on a loop in his mind. The way Sherlock had stared at him when John blurted out that infernal love confession. The look of overwhelming panic in those silver-blue eyes that John had never seen before and hoped to never see again.
*BEEP*
"Like there is ever a point to any of the times that we
Another kiss and John exploded over Sherlock’s beautiful hands. The weight of ecstasy was everywhere for them to deal with in some other galaxy, where things like clean up actually mattered.
In the next few months, he kept his brain and hands busy. The clinic got the lion’s share of his focus to the rejoice of Sarah and all of the other exhausted staff. Occasionally John found himself smiling again in spite of himself. That nagging doubt of something being not quite right in all of this hushed up by much louder noises and that was fine. It was all fine.
“Did Sherlock get a new lead with the case? Must be a good one if you’re calling me up instead of him texting. What you got for me?”
Understandably, that is not a viable alternative for a multitude of reasons. John hasn’t shown any direct interest in me as far as I have been able to deduce. Not since that infuriating night at Angelo’s.
“You like it when I say what others are too blind to see,” John went on. “How bloody amazing you are. What that mind of yours is capable of dissecting with the merest of clues.”
“Are you upset?” Sherlock finally asked, dropping his gaze to the floor, watching one foot move in front of the other.
“Assumption?” Sherlock hisses. “There was no assumption on my part, I assure you.”
. Mind checking your phone?” John asks. “You were taking pictures all night, and I need to figure out how I ended up in Kensington.”
It was an eruption of sounds, and Sherlock couldn’t care less if it was himself or John that was making them. He only knew that he needed more. More skin on skin contact. More of John’s fingers digging into his curls and tugging them like a lifeline. More of this. All of this.
It wasn’t until they fell into a cab that Sherlock let himself breathe. They’d done it. The yard had been called, Michael Pierce was in custody, and Sherlock had solved one of the longest running serial murders he’d ever seen. Or at least, the longest one he’d been directly involved with.
The little cafe was one she had only passed by once in a while. The type of place that was more geared towards the newly in love or the stubbornly single. Molly didn’t fit in either category, so she felt even more out of place as she sat down in the chair held out for her by John. His warm smile enough to remind her of how much she missed seeing it.
"I already told Sherlock this, but Mary has a habit of celebrating victories. After a job well done, we'd spend the night in bed surrounded by whatever chocolate we could scrounge up and red wine. How she always managed to have a bottle was a mystery to me, but I thought it cute at the time.  Plus, with the local laws regarding drinking, who was I going to complain to when a whole bottle of wine was being offered up to me?"
Losing all sense of dignity, John jumps into Sherlock’s arms again; this time he’s spun around a few times until he thinks he may get sick with happiness, dizziness or a combination of the two. More cheers and clapping echoes from the end of the street, but John barely hears it. His entire focus is placing his purchased ring on Sherlock’s slender finger and trying not to shake too much when Sherlock slides on John’s wedding band in return.
It was the broken foundations of their future that Mary wasn't able to continue to rebuild time after time. She craved the sounds of wedding bells and giggles of babies, not the silence that John wore like a testimonial. It was over.
She’s right, and John wants to spend the next few hours in continuous apologies because of the amount of Leah’s time he has wasted in such a lacklustre pursuit. As if she can read his thoughts, she places a hand on the small of his back and gives him a gentle rub.
“Tell me about your day,” Sherlock said. The articles were very direct, asking your partner this was incredibly important. John’s smile faltered.
Without his medical bag, he knew he was fighting a losing battle with the head wound, so he shifted his focus to the omega’s lower body. Aside from the obvious scrapes and bruises where the omega’s clothing had been torn, a fair amount of swelling was evident around the outer edge of his knee cap.
"Pyjamas for you, at least a pair of pants for me, and tea for us both," John said and scraped the back of his hand over his chin, then inspected it with a frown. "Shower first, though?" John lifted his head and met Sherlock's relaxed gaze, "together?"
John spends far too much time staring at his plate before he finally prods the slimy substance with his fork. The noise it makes reminds him so much of a Sherlock experiment that he’s sure he’ll never have an appetite ever again.
When Sherlock snuck back into the flat, at well past midnight, 221b was quiet. The stairs creaked in the darkness, announcing his return to the empty sitting room. John’s coat lay on the back of his chair as if taken off in a hurry, and his dress shoes were placed under the coffee table. The deduction spoke for itself. John had come back in a rush to throw off the clothing he only wore because he knew Sherlock adored it when he dressed up, but John’s discomfort could only be held at bay for so long.
Kudos and comments are appreciated!
“Not all of us can be like Sherlock,” Greg continues. “But I’m not an incompetent. It’s practically written all over you both.”
Of course, Sherlock Holmes would get John in a predicament that included having to explain to a uniformed officer the inner workings of his life. John had just assumed that it would happen
The familiar knock on the door became daily instead of weekly, and Martha made more elaborate dishes. Soups with fancy spices, and succulent meat dishes that permeated throughout her flat. John would stay longer, and every so often he’d giggle as she gossiped about her bridge club. Life wasn’t brilliant flashes of color anymore, but life had settled into a muted shade of something much easier on the eyes.
John was curled up on Sherlock's side of the bed. Sherlock smiled to himself, imagining, but not wanting to believe, that John had gravitated to the empty space in order to get as close to the ghost of Sherlock as possible. He quietly undressed and pulled on his nightclothes. Sherlock’s eyes stayed on John as he twisted into a different position. The soft puffs of breath as he exhaled were small and sharp, which usually meant dreams filled with painful echoes of his time in service.
with anything, any time you'd like."
John needed a moment to collect his thoughts, so he bided time by downing half his beer. He'd consumed more alcohol that day than anything else and would certainly have a headache to show for it later, but he needed the liquid courage. Being court martialed was the least of his worries if people found out he was talking this much. First with Sherlock, now Greg? He'd be in for real trouble if word got out.
“Why did you change your mind?” John asked. His voice was barely there this time. “What did he do or say to make you want to help?”
“Check until the fingernails and around the neck. This was an earlier victim, perhaps one of the first, and the killer would have been sloppy. There might be DNA evidence there.”
Sherlock closes the gap between them until their skin lies flush against each other; chest to chest. His curls are a tangle from what John’s hands can do when they have a defining purpose. John presses against him, savouring the contact, because he needs the closeness only Sherlock can give him. The next kiss is tentative and warm, with just the right amount of teeth and tongue. Long arms tighten around John’s middle, and they stay like this for who knows how long. Time slows to a crawl and John doesn’t care, but he knows that at some point this lapse in both of their judgements will have an expiration date.
Sherlock all but rolls his eyes, taking another deep drag and dumping himself unceremoniously into his chair. “No, John. Contrary to your belief, you can’t fix everything. Stop being my doctor.”
By the next morning, however, when John wakes up to see Sherlock in practically the same spot John left him in the previous evening, he decides it’s better to get the conversation out of the way.
Noticing John's holding up his empty glass in slight confusion, Sherlock stood up slowly and took the few steps necessary to reach the other man's chair. "I doubt that you made it through your line of work in civilian life without having to use more than that stunning mouth of yours." Then he glanced over from John to the Scotch. "Care for me to top…" he purred as he lifted up the bottle and tipped a fresh amount into John's waiting glass. "...you off?" He finished, so close that he could and did count all of the freckles on John's upturned face. Forty-seven freckles exactly, and each of them more kissable than the previous one. "Or perhaps," he continued, the edge of his arse lightly sitting on the arm of John's chair, “You’d more prefer to control the events.”
A giggle rumbled through John’s chest as he nodded. The boy smiled back, evidently proud that he had been able to make John smile. Even in the tiny bit of conversation they'd had so far, the child’s English was exceptional.
“Because you are more fascinating than anything else I have come across in the world, John….you're meant to be painted. Your face is a tapestry of what bravery and kindness is when those two forces come together. Your eyes are what stars look like in the still of nightfall. Your hands...are as skillful with a scalpel as with a pistol. Your smiles are thousands of whispers that each tell a story. Oh, John…how could you believe that
“What do you mean? It’s not that often—”
Molly nodded. “Exactly, it seems like it was done almost...hastily? What do you think?” She asked, but Sherlock’s mind was already roaming onto a more pressing topic. Perhaps Molly would be a good source of information regarding a more everyday issue between John and himself.
I love John being so accepting of Sherlock's knitted gifts.
say I’m overreacting,” John hisses, eavesdropping Scotland Yarders be damned. “You weren’t breathing for well over three minutes, you self centered dick! Complete disregard for what could have happened without me to stop that maniac from getting the drop on you. Like you’re motherfucking invincible! I had half a mind to stop CPR and let you just…” John’s words trail away, as if he isn’t seeing anything but what Sherlock was a few moments ago. Death pale and growing colder at the touch. Sherlock can feel John’s arms trembling with the effort to erase the vision. John’s voice softens as he continues, “...it’s like nothing else matters to you but dancing on the edge of the cliff. All while the people in your life are terrified of the one day that you won’t be fucking clever enough to stop from falling over…”
“Wait…you think…”
just call me John."
"Working together with both tasks, in the infirmary, and for Mr Holmes, obviously put us closer together. I enjoyed sex… so did she. It worked out perfectly. Two consenting adults with no strings attached. Or, so I thought"
“Thanks...hopefully it ends up being cause for celebration,” John replies, his cheeks feeling very pink once more. “Still haven’t figured out the perfect time to ask. Been carrying it around off and on for the better part of a month.”
“That might be a case...what the bloody hell are you typing? God, nothing to do with fungus collection, right?”
“Sorry,” John says quickly, his paper quickly folded away. “Just thought that the case might be about the petrol station robbery. Just read about it and—“
John watches as Harry fiddles with a loose string on her nightshirt as she talks, and his stomach gives a tiny clench. The last time he and Harry had spoken at any length ended in a screaming match regarding Clara. Harry’s loud rants about how John was a shit brother for taking Clara’s side in their painful divorce still hurt so much. Harry always knew how to hit with the most brutal of blows.
“Well, then we can’t just go back to how things were after all that we’ve done. To each other. With each other. And if we are going to try to stay friends then...we need to know boundaries. Guidelines as to how to get back to where we were before.”
"Turn over; I won't fuck you like a whore. I want to see your face."
It does, and Sherlock is now very aware of why his wings made a surprise visit during sex.
"Answer my questions. You have to the count of three." John glared at the man and lifted his other hand, wrapping it around his dominant hand on the gun, holding it steady, "One… two… Thr-"
“He attacked you?”
“Well, you can’t stay here for all eternity. You have to make up your mind. Go back, or move on.”
I do, and the warmth in his eyes might burn the heart out of me for real this time.
To prove the point, Sherlock turned just enough to run his long finger through John's hair. The softness of it was such a beautiful constriction to the firmness of John's shoulders and chest. The cluster of scar tissue on the left one lovely in its own way. It showed survival against all the odds and how the lasting impact of that survival could make the skin anew.
The flat felt emptier than usual. Sherlock was no stranger to being alone; he liked being surrounded by night, visiting places that, by day, should be bustling with people — places full of life and humanity. At night it felt as if he’d been let in on a secret; he could see the bones of the buildings for what they really were. But this, this was too much. Baker Street felt gutted without John there to greet him. In reality, Sherlock knew that John was only in the next room, probably already asleep, but it felt as if there were a rift between them. Sherlock sat on the sofa and dropped his head into his hands. He was acting irrational, and he needed to stop. Closing his eyes, he began to count the relevant indisputable facts about the situation. Cause and effect. Absolutes for him to sort through the halls of his mind palace.
“Shall we walk for a bit?” He asked as they exited the stadium, the cool night air blushing their cheeks.
Slipping his gun out of its holster, he placed his finger over, but not on the trigger and reached for the doorknob. John pulled it open with a hasty yank, and after a moment, lowered the gun. Standing beside a series of bags that made Sherlock's yarn collection seem tiny was the man who had driven them to the Apex the day before.
A road trip and some preciousness in both the verbal and visual sense.
John watches as something clicks behind Sherlock’s eyes, and a broad smile grows across his face. A question forms on his lips, an echo of the simple sentence that started it all.
“I love you. God help me, I really do.”
he can breathe.
(See the end of the chapter for
him, and this is what happened? How could he love someone who saw him as a bunch of numbers on a graph? Christ, had he been working through these formulas the whole time? Creating a rigid structure, just to produce specific outcomes?
Sherlock took it all and loved it all. The smell of John’s skin and the taste of his kisses. The weight of John’s body on top of his and the slight sting of his teeth. It was enrapturing and the things that inspired dreams. The pressure inside Sherlock’s loins was building more and more, and John knew exactly when to speed up, slow down and take Sherlock right to the edge.
that we didn’t have a week to wait this out,” John retorts, his eyes flitting over to the taxi driver to make sure that they weren’t being blatantly overheard. “Your coat would be ruined with just a couple of transformations.”
“Sure, that’s how police work goes, sometimes.” Molly paused, watching his face. Sherlock tried to keep it blank, determined not to betray anything. “There are days when I have to cancel too, if something urgent comes in.”
Thank you as always for your patience with my chapter updates, and to my amazing beta reader SherlockWatson_Holmes!
“When he arrived here he wasn’t much in the mood for a conversation,” Irene admits. “Even before he saw me as his father before him.”
“What I did to you?” John repeats, which is exceedingly unhelpful, and he simultaneously wraps Sherlock’s dressing down around himself while scooting out of the bed as if leaving the scene of a crime. “How fucking dare you blame me for this, when
They ate in silence for a bit, which suited John just fine. He was long overdue for something food-like to soak up the alcohol in his stomach. When he only had a few chips left, and the crowd was getting more impressive, he said, "I know how to draw out Mary. But Sherlock's going to hate it. How are you at showing him the reason?"
Sherlock perched on the chair next to the bed, desperately willing John to look at him again. He would have been here earlier if he had known. It couldn’t be his fault, if he didn’t have all the information.
“What? Why no need?”
doesn't need right now, he clears his throat.
“You’re right,” John says, so softly that he can barely hear his voice over his own racing heartbeat. Sherlock quickly looks away, but John doesn’t miss the tears in those magnificent eyes.
“I work and live with you! What else did you expect?”
“I’m sure you’ll find a way.” John grins and ducks as a tea towel is thrown at his head.
Thank you to everyone who looks on in this story with either mild curiosity or rapt interest. You are a large amount of the reason that I keep going. Comments and kudos are food for my fretful soul...
It doesn’t take long for John to flush the substance down the toilet and crawl back into the warm bed, and when he does, it feels as if a weight has been lifted from his shoulders. They’ll need to talk about it more — God, they need to talk about a lot of things — but it can wait. For now, he just wants to stay in the detective’s arms, protected.
John raises his eyebrows at Sherlock, who nods once and heads through the door. The club is booming with loud music and lots of bright lights. He already can sense a few eyes on him and John, all curious in both of them to various degrees.
Before Lestrade could reply, Sherlock strode out of the house. Anderson shot him a sour look as he passed, and Sherlock redoubled his pace to get out of there even faster. It was bad enough not being any closer to solving this case, he didn’t need the likes of Anderson making sarcastic comments.
“Like what?”
"Our results are back, obviously. But if you want me to use a condom, I will." John whispered when his hand had travelled low enough to brush against the base of Sherlock's cock. His lips were on Sherlock's shoulder, and there was a beautiful purple circle rising to the surface where he'd applied just a bit too much suction. He kissed the patch, then ran his tongue over it as he realised he wanted to leave more marks on Sherlock's skin. More and more until there was no doubt in anyone's mind that Sherlock was loved and wanted.
John made it to the living room, gun held out in front of him, and nearly shot at the man standing in the lounge. He had his back to John and was inspecting the painting of a skull above the sofa. Tall, with a body built quite similarly to Sherlock's (if a bit more obviously muscular), his short hair sat neatly combed at the nape of his neck.
No. He can’t fall into that trap.
John hops up and heads back to the bar before he can see Sherlock’s eye roll. While he speaks to the bartender, Sherlock pulls out his notes and jots down
Irene gives a warm and inviting chuckle, and Molly holds it close as if it’s the world’s best woollen blanket. She takes a seat on one of the barstools, absent-mindedly picking at the label on a round of goat's cheese, resting on the table. Irene starts peeling off the foil on top of the champagne bottle and twisting off the metal cork cover.
Sherlock felt his stomach give an unpleasant twist at Irene’s words. He deplored how right she was yet again.
They argue in circles, neither willing to back down. Sherlock still won’t explain his behaviour, and John is getting sick of it. What’s so difficult about telling the truth?
Sherlock turned a couple of corners until he found himself on Wardour Street. It was busy, usual for a Friday night, the clubs and pubs spilling out onto the pavement with their assortment of colourful patrons. The windows above were dressed with flags; bright reds, oranges, pinks and blues standing proud against the brickwork. He wasn’t the loud type — he’d never been to a pride parade or waved the rainbow flag, but every so often it was a solace to remind himself that this place existed. That deep in the heart of London, there was a haven just for people like him.
9:30 pm: John made his first real mistake of the night and agreed to go to a local pub just down the road. Harry still had the ability to convince him that a drink or two couldn’t cause any harm. If anything it would take his mind off of a life crashed back into the heart of London. It also helped that she was buying.
He pulls out a golden key card and holds it out in his palm for Sherlock to take.
“Perhaps. But what are you going to do about it? You’re in no position to threaten me. One slip—” He pushed the knife a little harder, “—and you can’t walk out of here.”
Around 7 pm: he was at his bedsit poking at a TV microwave dinner. Some sort of brown meat in a suspicious gravy. Mashed potatoes on the side. It also looked very suspicious.
“Made a spreadsheet. No, not regarding sex or anything of that nature. Just in general.”
had opened his eyes to just how beneficial friends could be.
She wastes no time pouring them a glass of wine and settling onto the sofa. Each sentence becomes more flirtatious than the last, and John realises she wants him to make the first move. Never one to disappoint, he reaches forward, delicately placing a hand on her cheek, allowing his eyes to flicker down to her lips before closing the gap. She is soft beneath him, her mouth much smaller than he’s used to. It takes him a moment to adjust, but before long, she’s moaning against his mouth, her tongue pressing against his. A hand works its way up his neck, and for a split second, he is reminded of his last night with Sherlock; one calloused hand running through his hair, another traveling south…
“I’m too exhausted for you to be looking that sexy in my clothing,” Sherlock sighs before rolling back over to become one with the mattress again. “What time is it?” he continues, face now mashed into the pillow. Although it comes out more like a series of muffled snuffling noises. He’ll refuse to repeat himself if prompted.
John nearly laughed out loud when Sherlock produced the scissors.
John chewed his lip for a long moment. He wondered just how much he could tell Greg. Sherlock hadn't said much about Greg, not that John had asked. But, considering how Sherlock had allowed him inside his personal space and almost appreciated the gentle touch on his shoulder, John assumed Greg was one of the good ones.
“What? But he— ”
The crime scene, if anything, filled Sherlock’s mind with even more  doubt. It was shocking how almost identical everything was to the recent Pierce case. The only striking difference was that the key was placed in the right pocket instead of the left. Why make such a distinct change?
“Piss off,” John yells back, but he is smiling before he releases Sherlock. The sensation of John’s arms around him is missed almost at once.
John doesn’t know. Going back now almost feels like regressing. Who’s to say they wouldn’t fall back into the habits of before? Knowing what’s wrong and being able to repair it are two different things. It’s been almost a year since that first kiss; surely enough time had passed that things would have worked themselves out if they were meant to. And yet…
Sherlock stayed quiet for a long time, as if processing all the new information he’d heard. Irene just watched him, not batting an eyelid when he closed his eyes and steepled his hands under his chin. In another time and place, perhaps they could have been friends. True friends, not whatever was going on here.
