Sherlock came upon his answer all at once, and fell against the back of the chair.
John shook his head, cleared his throat.
Bunny’s eyes filled with tears and he--no,
I'll probably come back tomorrow to check for typos and any other issues I haven't caught--it's late and I need sleep or I would have given it one more read before posting, but I wanted to get it posted as a thank you for your wonderful comments!
“I’m not little, Greg,” he said, willing Greg--and himself--to believe it as truth.  “I could use a bit of distraction, if I’m honest.”
Mycroft continued after draining his glass.  “I...I have grown rather attached to little John, as well, and I need you to know he could never inconvenience me, certainly not for something which he needs at his core to find happiness and confidence.  I don't view you as tagging along while Sherlock ageplays.  You're as much worthy of your own experience as Sherlock is.  That's why I was disappointed in myself over what happened today.  I slipped in my duties to keep you happiest and taken care of in your little space.  I allowed something to happen that you did not desire or ask for.  Do you understand?”
Leave it to Mycroft to first address the most pragmatic challenge.  Then again, Sherlock may very well have been most comforted by Mycroft's choice to address the least irrefutable issue, the issue with the easiest solution.
“Fine enough that you’ve spent the afternoon downing four--no, five--pints?  Fine enough that you’ve gotten yourself into a bar brawl with a clumsy footie player and then tossed out onto the pavement?”
“Count, Sherlock,” Mycroft said when he forgot to count twelve and thirteen.
Greg reached into the backseat to rescue Sherlock’s pacifier from the floor of the car.  He glanced around for a napkin or wipe to clean it off, but, finding no other cleaning method, stuck the pacifier into his own mouth before drying it on his shirt and holding it back out to the boy.  Sherlock reached forward and took it into his mouth like a baby bird.
“No, My,” Sherlock said, voice small, almost injured.  “Big boy.”
“Go and wake your Papa, ‘Lock,” Mycroft said over Bunny’s mumbling fears.
Sherlock watched the clock and forced himself to sit still in his seat as their father began playing christmas carols on the piano.  He prided himself on remaining in control; he may be vacillating between wanting to kick over the coffee table in a huff and wanting to throw himself into Mycroft’s lap to cry, but he would not lose control.
John was led by Sherlock by the elbow down the steps of the abandoned building and out into daylight.
It was rare that he felt so close to being small while out in public.  He felt nervous whenever Greg stepped away from him in order to field questions or examine various pieces of evidence, he hadn’t been able to find an appropriately witty comeback to Donovan’s snide greeting, and he’d even hesitated before approaching the corpse, feeling a rather unexplainable fear he couldn’t shake.  Generally he was staunchly adult while out in public, too wary about giving his smaller self away to even contemplate behaving any way other than as Dr. Watson, the army doctor.  But he’d lost sleep the night before, and had perhaps shifted up in headspace too quickly.  He was feeling rather unmoored.
“You’re doing so well,” Sherlock said, breathless.  “Such a good boy.  Such a strong boy.”
“I’m bigger,” Sherlock said, turning to face Greg and Mycroft but still standing on the stepstool.
John moaned and bucked his hips in order to make contact against Sherlock’s leg, which was currently parting his own.  He did have to piss, had been nursing the need long since Sherlock had wet himself at the bar.
“You’re a good man, Mycroft Holmes,” Greg said, and he leaned in for a kiss.
“Bun?” Greg asked, and John turned with red cheeks to find himself face to face with Greg.
Sending bunny kisses and pirate hugs! xoxoxo
“Daddy,” Bunny cried, reaching out for Mycroft as soon as he entered the room.  “Sherlock pinched me!”
“Sherlock, I think you should come try.”
Mycroft nudged Sherlock away from him so he could get him out of the dirtied pirate shirt, assuring Sherlock they would have it washed in no time.  John was waiting with the clean shirt he had brought out from Sherlock’s bedroom hours ago.  He strung it onto Sherlock’s raised arms as soon as Mycroft had whisked off the striped shirt, and between the two men, they had Sherlock clean and clothed.
“I’m fine,” he said, smiling.  “You stay warm.”
Couldn’t  Papa see that he didn’t need praise right now?  He needed to be put in his place.  He needed someone to call out his bratty behavior and to tell him he was too old to squirm around like a toddler to keep from pissing himself, someone to set firm boundaries in order to help him keep his mind from wandering to fears and doubts creeping from down the hallway, where Mycroft had been taking care of Bunny all night instead of him.
“There’s my brave girl,” Greg said with a grin, so enthusiastic that Bunny could not help but give a small smile back.
“Don’t make it a long time-out, okay?” he asked.  “Lockie’s just a baby, right now.”
“No argument there,” he said.
Mycroft smiled and wiped John’s tears.  “Of course not, bud.  They’ll be good as new in no time.”
“We’ll get you all cleaned up and in a pull-up in no time, okay?”
I hope you're all well--sending you Bunny kisses :)
I will fully admit that this is a bit of a filler-chapter, but I wanted to make sure I updated before Christmas so you can all imagine the boys settled and cared for after the turmoil of the last few chapters.  It’s a bit shorter than most of my updates, which I apologize for! I have so many ideas for this story, but, unfortunately, fan fiction doesn’t pay the bills ;p
He squeezed his eyelids tight against the tears welling up, and missed his pacifier more in that moment than he had all day.   He eyed Sherlock’s pirate pacifier, resting on the kitchen table where his Daddy had placed it after pulling it from Sherlock’s mouth to feed him, and wished he was allowed his own.
He nodded to the man, hefting his overnight bag onto his shoulder as he began glancing for Harry’s car in the row of SUVs and sedans waiting in a line along the parking lot.
Papa shook his head with another sigh and some of his anger left as he pulled Sherlock in for another hug.
Bunny stood and began helping Papa gather clothes and toys they might need over the course of the night and the next day, thumb planted firmly in her mouth.  There was a part of Bunny that did not understand why she had to leave Sherlock and Daddy.  All she knew was that it was her fault.  If she hadn’t told Daddy she was a girl today, she wouldn’t be forced to spend the night away from Daddy and Sherlock, and Papa wouldn’t have to take her away.
“You won't make it to the toilet now, anyway,” Sherlock sneered despite that fact that he himself was standing with thighs pressed close together, clearly holding his own bladder.  “I can tell you're already doing it.”
“I like teasing you,” Sherlock said, turning to glance at John.
Bunny smiled.  It sounded fun.  But she had a sinking suspicion that there was something Papa wasn’t saying.  It was rare for Bunny to be separated from Sherlock when they were both young, rarer for Papa and Daddy to split up their little family voluntarily.  Bunny reached up to pull the unicorn horn headband off of her head, smile fading.
I wanted to take a moment to thank you all for reading, commenting, and sending support and encouragement.  This story has been such a joy to write, and has really provided comfort for me (as I hope it has for you as well).  Your feedback has been wonderfully validating, and for that I am truly grateful.
“Let me try to explain it another way,” Mycroft said, and he was glad that, at the moment, Sherlock was proving patient.  “How old do you feel right now?”
“I know,” he said.  “Thank you.”
“Okay, now open and let me see your mouth.”
“You said naughty words,” Bunny said.
No, John didn’t need to be Bunny right now.  Sherlock was immediately back to his sharp-witted and pompous adult self, already three steps ahead of everyone around him. Greg had put aside his paternal instincts as he worked to solve the case, under pressure from higher-ups to bring in a suspect and put the public at ease.  They hadn’t heard from Mycroft in days; they knew he was involved in his own tasks and governmental crises.  If the others were fine to transition immediately back into their productive, task-oriented selves, John had to be fine as well.
Mycroft rolled his eyes but did not attempt to defend himself.  He held a special place for John.  Perhaps it was because he felt extremely grateful that the man had entered his brother’s life, had become someone who cared for and watched out for Sherlock, which lessened Mycroft's own worry for his brother.  If he were honest with himself, he felt indebted to John; he wanted nothing more than to care for the man who was single-handedly saving his brother one day at a time.  But Mycroft felt just as much of a protective streak for John as he did for his own little brother.  Besides, John was simply an adorable little, and it didn't hurt that Mycroft enjoyed being called "Daddy," that the name endeared the man to him.  In any case, Mycroft certainly couldn't say no to the man when he asked for something.  It was a good thing the little Bunny was so well behaved; Mycroft didn't know if he’d ever be able to punish the boy.
“I’m sorry, Daddy,” was all Bunny said, John’s characteristic passivity while in headspace returning.
“Maybe we should try for movie night another time,” he said.
“What do you say we get you all washed up and into some clean jammies?” he asked, and Bunny, glancing up at him with red-rimmed eyes, nodded, his pacifier still firmly in his mouth.
“You’re beautiful like this,” Sherlock said, running his free hand along John’s stomach and chest before letting his lips meet John’s once more.
“You can call me that if you want,” Bunny said, nuzzling into Mycroft’s chest.
Papa nodded as he leaned to kiss Sherlock on the forehead.
Mycroft wasn’t entirely sure how to begin, and part of him wondered whether Bunny should be present for the conversation, or an aged-up John.  But Sherlock was looking up at him with the trust that he had the answers, and he could at least tell the boy what he knew.
Mycroft nodded as John finished his sentence.  It wasn't unlike Sherlock’s reasoning for any of his intentional wettings.  John may have been less intrigued by the humiliation than was Sherlock, but the core desire to feel young and helpless and, although John had only alluded to it in passing, naughty, was the same.  John picked at the edge of the table with his fingernail.
“Here you go, love,” John said, smiling at the picture Sherlock made so young and sleepy.  The man allowed the pacifier to be pushed between his lips.
Mycroft raised a hand to run it through Sherlock’s hair, but Sherlock batted his hand away with an angry growling sound that surprised even Sherlock himself.
It was out of the need for comfort, the need for more of an excuse to go to his brother, and the pressing desperation of his bladder, that Sherlock began to pee the bed.  Uncle Greg had put him into a clean pull-up before bed.  The one he had been wearing had been wet, and Sherlock had blushed bright red because he had remembered it happening during movie night when he held it too long, convinced he could hang on until the end, but then had forgotten about it and never asked to be changed.  As he began to pee, Sherlock could feel the material of the fresh goodnight soaking up his urine, bulking up as it became wet.
John cleared his throat and shook his head.  He was a grown man.  He didn’t need to be catered to, didn't need the type of coddling he'd allowed himself to accept from Mycroft after the nightmares last night.
John shook his head.  He was nervous and awkward and had so many questions emerging in his mind.  But, more than anything, he wanted Sherlock to be happy.  He had been worried sick about him for the past few days while Sherlock was out of contact with him.  He needed to be close to Sherlock and to encourage him that he was there for him as much as Sherlock seemed to need regression right now.  John was a caretaker by nature, that much was sure, this was just another form of caretaking, after all.
John climbed the steps to 221b heavily.  He had just returned from where he and Sherlock had been finalizing a rather brutal case in Scotland, and although Sherlock had solved it, there were still loose ends to tie up which would keep him busy for at least another day.  John hadn’t slept more than an hour or two in four days.  He was exhausted, starving, and irritated with Sherlock, who had been distant and cocky the entire trip.
He let the mobile fall, then sank to the floor between his bed and his desk.  He couldn’t explain it anymore, couldn’t talk to Papa without breaking down, couldn't handle the shifting headspaces between angry and sad and middle and teenager and little.
It was a lie, but one Sherlock had to tell to keep himself from breaking down into tears over the thought of Mycroft discovering what he'd done.
“—but not a scary one.”
“Okay,” Greg said with an intake of breath.  “Potty now.”
After Mycroft closed the bathroom door, John retreated into Sherlock's bedroom.  It was a mess, books and clothes strewn about, remnants of food left on dirty plates.  It was clear whatever was going on with Sherlock had been building for quite some time. John felt a pang of guilt that he had not noticed anything amiss.
He wanted to tell the boy that everything would be alright, wanted to tell him that no one could be sad on Christmas and there was nothing he wanted to be doing more than spending time watching Christmas movies with him, Sherlock, and Papa.  He wanted to tell him that Daddy was just fine.
The hours after lunch passed in a parade of coloring books, plastic mermaids, and, after Bunny’s pleading, an hour of cartoons.  Greg had set up a puzzle on the cleared kitchen table, and both men split their time between rooms, supervising and playing with the kiddos for a time before returning to tag the other out, trading places for the quietude of the puzzle and mugs of coffee.  There was a slowness to the day that Mycroft found soothing.
“Are you having trouble sleeping, Lock?” Mycroft asked, and Sherlock nodded.  Sherlock glanced across the table at John and, cheeks pinking, tried to hide his face back in his brother’s chest.  But Mycroft prevented him from doing so, holding his shoulders, so Sherlock instead whined and buried his face into his stuffed dino.  John was surprised to see Sherlock raise a hand to his face and slip his thumb into his mouth.
John could have asked questions, but he had a sinking feeling he already knew what Sherlock was up to.  It was one thing for an adult Sherlock to make Mycroft’s life miserable; the brothers generally worked themselves into a passive aggressive silence and eventually argued their differences out as soon as one of them needed the other.  It was quite another thing entirely for a little Sherlock to plague Mycroft with temper tantrums, outbursts, and general disagreeableness; Mycroft could not ignore his younger brother or simply wait out Sherlock’s grudge if the man was in headspace.
Sherlock glanced up at Mycroft with glassy eyes, and nodded.
“Morning, sleepyheads,” Daddy said as he entered the room.
Papa paused, glancing to the wet spot on the carpet and then back to Sherlock.  With a sigh, he pulled the boy to his chest in a hug, clearly relieved that he had not walked into a situation matching his fears.
“Even big boys have trouble now and then,” Mycroft said as nonchalantly as possible.  “Nothing a bath and some laundry can’t fix up good as new for my sweet boy.”
“Oh, no, sweetheart,” Mycroft said, setting Sherlock’s overnight bag on the table as he turned to reassure the boy.  “I just didn’t want to put your bag on the dirty floor.  I know you’re a big boy.”
The moment John relented, however, the moment Mycroft could see the man ready to show his desires, he felt a profound closeness to the man, a falling away of the barriers that had been built up between them.
Mycroft sat on the edge of the bed, placing the nightgown and rabbit beside him.
Greg breathed a laugh and hushed the boys, telling them not to worry, just to listen.
"I won't," he said.  "No good can come of it."
Sherlock sniffled and nodded, allowed himself to be dressed in dry pants and trousers, then obeyed when Mycroft asked him to wash his hands.  Mycroft led him back to the rental car, where he settled him back in the passenger seat.
John pushed the pacifier into his mouth, doing all he could to stem the sobs.  He knew he was safe with Papa, that they were getting farther and farther away from the crime scene with each passing moment.  But it had been a scary, hard day, and John dropped his head into his hands and cried.
“Thanks for your help, princess,” Papa said when the last of the plastic dishes--the only ones Bunny was allowed to help dry--were in the dish rack.  “Go play with your brother while I finish up, here, okay?”
“You don't need to censor yourself, John,” Mycroft said.  “I need to know if I am to properly care for you.”
Mycroft took a moment to himself before returning to face Greg in the kitchen, perched on the edge of the bed beside a sleeping Sherlock.  He hadn’t meant to upset their little Bunny.  The kid had seemed okay; Mycroft was still unclear about what exactly had upset the boy so much.
Any trace of contentment that may have been emerging on Sherlock’s face dissipated with the reminder of his labelling Bunny abnormal, and the boy’s face fell once more.
“We’ll talk about this later,” Mycroft said, in a tone of voice that hinted at caregiver but then quickly shifted back to the task at hand.  “For now, go change.  I need to talk to Sherlock.”
Mycroft was not immune to a moment of guilt.  Greg had wanted a quiet, peaceful night celebrating Christmas with the boys, and instead he found himself dealing with a temper tantrum and a petty disagreement with his boyfriend.
But it was nothing more than a kid’s bedwetting diaper, and it could not hold the contents of a grown man’s bladder.  Soon, Sherlock’s hand in his crotch was becoming wet as the pee streamed through the legholes of the diaper and soaked into his jeans and down onto the car seat.  He reveled in the wetness, feeling so young and helpless that there were tears in his eyes.  He hoped it would never stop.  He pushed his bladder when the stream began to die down, wanting to become as soaked and saturated with urine as he possibly could, using his hands to splash the warm liquid from where it was puddled between his legs on the carseat up and onto dry areas of his jeans.
“ ‘s okay,” Sherlock mumbled, exceedingly relieved.
“You’re both very welcome,” Lestrade said.  He passed over the boys’ backpack which Mycroft had packed that morning with pull-ups for Sherlock and jumpers for both boys and snacks and a first-aid kit and one toy each for the ride to the zoo.  Lestrade also placed a plush lion on the kitchen table which Mycroft assumed was John’s chosen toy from the gift shop.
John wasn’t usually this pliable when they were intimate.  Yes, he let Sherlock lead more often than not, allowing him to initiate and take charge, but that had more to do with John’s lingering issues with his sexuality than it did with his own desires.  John always retained an ironic glint in his eyes when they messed around, as if he were merely giving in for the sake of Sherlock, not himself.  It was a habit which spoke to his inability to fully accept himself as a bisexual man; clinging to that stubborn sense of irony had always seemed to keep him from giving into Sherlock completely.
“Daddy and Papa want you to be a girl whenever you feel like a girl,” Mycroft said, brightening his voice with a conscious effort.  “Okay?”
“I want stickers, My,” he said, unable to keep a bit of a whine from his voice.
Sherlock, after a few futile attempts to stop the flow, resolved himself to the fact that he was wetting himself, and simply waited for the worst of it to be over, adding it to the long list of actions he would be punished for that morning.  He was a saturated mess of tears and urine by the time Mycroft opened the closet door to stare down at him, angry and so, so disappointed.
John held his hands up to show he meant no harm, then leaned forward as far as he dared to drop the bills onto the sidewalk.  The man glared, but reached a foot to drag the money close.  John ran a hand through his hair, setting it right again, nodded one more apology, and turned to walk away.
“How about we get you cleaned up,” Papa suggested, neglecting to answer Sherlock’s request for the moment.  “We can cuddle a bit once we’ve cleaned up your boo-boos and you’re in some dry clothes, and we can talk if you feel up to it?”
It was clear Sherlock was processing, mulling over John's words.  After a time, he seemed to speak with less weight and seriousness.
“I didn’t mean to!” Bunny lied as he finally finished emptying his bladder, pants and underwear absolutely sopping wet.
“Hey, buddy, I’m not mad,” Papa said, reaching to take both of Sherlock’s nervous hands in his own.  “I was just wondering because you have a rash, kiddo.”
He shrugged up at his Papa and let his fork drop on his plate.  Maybe if he didn’t feed himself, Papa would do it for him.
“Goodnight,” John repeated with a curt nod as he closed the door decisively.
Greg breathed a laugh as Mycroft glanced at the kid skeptically.
In any case, Greg was glancing at him with a look that told John wearing a pull-up was non-negotiable.  John may have been able to get his way with Mycroft if he pouted and asked nicely, but Uncle Greg was a different story.  Uncle Greg knew the importance of consistency.  If the rule was that a pull-up was required after an accident, then John would be in a pull-up that afternoon.
“Sherlock won’t like it,” he said, voice quiet and worried.
Still, Sherlock was nothing if he wasn’t stubborn, and more often than not it was John who enforced times for ageplay; otherwise, Sherlock tended to go far too long without the emotional release the practice brought him.  He made sure Sherlock had a stretch of little time at least two or three times a month, and Mycroft was often on hand during these times, as extra support.  John suspected Mycroft enjoyed the routines as much as Sherlock; John knew first-hand how nice it felt to be needed so completely by another person.
“Sure thing, kiddo,” he said, stepping towards Bunny to guide him down the hallway.
“That’s not fair!” He said.  “You’re only my big brother!”
Short update!  I know I teased little John in Chapter 4, but I felt a bit more context was needed here in regards to Sherlock's wetting, which John will bring up in later chapters.  This chapter is pretty exposition-heavy, so feel free to skip over and come back for more little Sherlock and the beginnings of little John in Chapter 5.  Also, a bit of the relationship between Mycroft/Lestrade will show up in Chapter 6 or 7, for those of you patiently waiting for Mystrade!
He cleared his throat and left the kitchen, mumbling something about retrieving the paper from the front step.  Greg hummed in acknowledgement as he pulled bowls and pans from cabinets, but it followed a weighted glance, heavy with the type of overbearing worry that made John wish he could excuse himself to Baker Street without drawing attention to his absence.  If Greg began coddling, John wasn’t sure he’d be able to stay adult, and at the moment he needed time to process out of headspace, time to settle himself into the present day.  He took a moment to breathe in the morning air on the front stoop, then sat at his place at the kitchen table and opened the newspaper, less intent on reading than on presenting the image of preoccupation.
Sherlock’s wellies squelched in the wet earth as he followed around the curve of the lake looking for frogs.  He would find his own frog, a real frog that would be bigger and would croak louder than the stupid toad Bunny had found.  But before he had taken more than three steps, Mycroft called out, and it seemed the boys’ playtime outside was about to be cut short.
“Redbeard was a dog, love,” John said, tipping his head towards Sherlock and smiling at him in an attempt to comfort.  “Just a lovely dog.”
When Mycroft opened the door, he found his little bunny hiding beneath the blankets on his bed, sheets and bedspread pulled up over his head.  He had made himself as small as possible, curled up at the top of the mattress.  Mycroft took a seat on the edge of the bed and let his hand rest on Bunny’s back over the blankets.
Greg sighed.
Sherlock reached a hand into the closet after a moment, and Bunny shifted a bit closer, taking it in his own.  They sat in silence, holding hands, until Bunny felt brave enough to scoot on his bum just far enough out of the closet to lay his head against Sherlock’s thigh.  Sherlock placed a hand on his head, stroking his hair.
“I don’t want it there,” John said, voice tougher, more forceful.
Generally, he and Mycroft discussed various elements of ageplay while John was fully adult.  But he knew his adult mindset would censor him in this case, would keep him from fully expressing himself out of embarrassment.  John taking a liking to wetting had the hints of arousal to it, and while he had grown far closer to Mycroft than he’d ever imagined, he was not ready to discuss his sex life with the man.   That was something they’d rarely touched, not least of all because John’s sex life involved Mycroft’s little brother.
“Daddy?” John asked, his voice lower, nearly a whisper.
Sherlock’s eyes widened when John refused again.
“Does Sherlock not like this one, then?” he asked, deducing the boy’s nervousness over his choice.
Whether because he actually believed him to be fully adult or because he was simply in too much of a rush to question the statement, John didn’t know.  But Greg took only a moment longer before nodding and turning from the kitchen.
“Oh god, Sherlock,” John moaned.  “I need to…”
Bunny ended up choosing a pair of blue leggings with silver stars scattered over them, a soft grey t-shirt, and an oversized purple sweatshirt that dropped down to his thighs.  Greg finished the outfit by helping Bunny into some warm ladybug socks, then lifted the kid beneath the arms and onto his hip.
John nodded.
Greg looked skeptical, but John gave him a quick smile as if to assure him all was well.
It was a nightmare that woke John, a bloody, violently graphic nightmare that had him gasping for breath as he clutched at the sheets around him, eyes wet with tears as his heart pounded.  It took him a moment to realize he had started to piss himself, and he grasped at his crotch as he hurriedly made his way out of the bed, contorting his body until he’d managed to gain control of his bladder with thankfully little more than sopping briefs and a few damp spots on his pajama pants, which were dark enough to mostly hide the wetness.
Mycroft appeared just as Sherlock settled into his hiding spot.
“I’m awake,” Papa said, glancing over at Daddy and Bunny as he bounced Sherlock to soothe him.  “It’s okay, kiddo.  Bunny had a bad dream but everyone’s safe, now.”
He’d been far more accommodating after a misbehavior than he normally would have been, and his already shallow well of patience was just about dried up.  So when Bunny refused to move, Mycroft was forced to lift him from the couch and physically carry him to the kitchen, where he placed the screaming boy into the timeout corner.
The car ride would be less insufferable if he could allow himself to slip down in age.  Mycroft and Lestrade had brought toys, books, puzzles, even Sherlock’s pirate shirt and, in case he was feeling particularly young and was in just the right mood, Sherlock’s pacifier.  But Sherlock’s mind was moving too quickly, his nerves too frazzled to feel as if he could allow himself the comfort of slipping.  He was worried about how young he might go, worried about the force of the neediness pulling at the back of his mind.  As it was, he hadn’t been able to let himself fall down to his usual age, and he knew he was hovering around a teenaged-mindset, only young enough for snark and sullenness.
“Pretty Bunny,” he said, grinning up at his brother.
Stay strong and stay positive--tomorrow's a new day!  Sending bunny kisses :)
P.S. I finally caved and got a tumblr.  You can find me at
Sherlock nodded.
Mycroft reached forward and adjusted Bunny’s pull-up, running a finger along the inside of the leg holes to ensure they were not bunched or pulling in the wrong direction.
Initially, Sherlock had been pleased to find Mycroft had forgotten about the half-hour time limit he’d placed on screen time, feeling a naughty thrill as each episode of cartoons passed without the appearance of big brother and his big book of rules.  But now his sippy cup was long-since empty, and his morning cartoons had shifted over into some sort of infomercial for cleaning products, and Sherlock was tired of telly.
“If he gave in to some of that rage while in headspace, maybe we could help him channel it a bit, teach him how to handle those feelings without lashing out.”
John bent his knees so he was almost squatting on the couch next to Lestrade, which allowed him to press his thighs close together.  Mycroft would have noticed John’s tells of having to pee already--he had gotten good about noticing when the boy needed to go since John had admitted he wouldn’t mind if Mycroft reminded him to use the bathroom from time to time.  But Greg had far less experience.
“Sherlock knows better than to lie to me,” Mycroft said.
“I want to play,” Sherlock said as Daddy poured coffee for Papa.
“Downstairs,” Sherlock mumbled, hoisting himself to a sitting position but then succumbing to a coughing fit.
He recalled the incident with Eurus and Victor Trevor as infrequently as possible.  However, when he did call the details to mind, they came clear and strong, as if no time had passed at all.  His parents had been concerned about Victor’s disappearance, of course; every family in the vicinity had done their fair share of worrying and keeping their kids closer in the days after learning the Trevors were missing their son.  They had been frantic over the thought that Eurus may actually know where Victor had gone off to, begging her to explain and begging Mycroft to talk sense into her if he could.
“Yeah, Mycroft,” Sherlock said with a grin, feeling a bit more like himself.  “I’m just a baby.”
“Mycroft, Sherlock wet his pants.”
“Come here, lad,” Mycroft said as he took his seat and patted his thighs.
He pulled his umbrella from the stand.
The forecasted afternoon rain began just as both boys were being settled into their respective bedrooms.  Bunny lay taut with worry and distress under the polka dotted sheets as he listened to the pattering on the windowpanes, clutching his blanket and stuffed lion to his chest.
In the past, John had spoken to Mycroft with only uncertainty and confusion about wetting, but both Greg and Mycroft had begun to sense that John’s feelings were becoming a bit clearer to him over the course of their time at the lake house.  Both Greg and Mycroft sensed that the boy wanted to regress a bit in the way of his toileting habits.  That said, they had decided to keep an eye on Bunny for a day or two more before approaching him about his feelings towards pull-ups and his accidents, wanting to gather as much information as possible to ensure they were well informed.
“Am I getting a spanking?” Bunny asked, voice a whisper once more.
He hadn’t exactly given John the full story when he’d proclaimed himself toilet trained at 18 months.  It was true he’d been out of diapers before he was two thanks to the no-nonsense approach to toilet training taken by his mathematician mother, who had found great success toilet training Mycroft in less than a week.  But once it all became routine, once the praise for using the loo fell by the wayside as new family events took precedence, Sherlock began to show rather a lack of concern for what he had previously mastered.
Sherlock shrugged and hid his face in Mycroft’s chest as his brother kissed the top of his head.  He was uncomfortable with the praise.  But he could not help but let Mycroft’s words warm him, could not help but believe he'd been a good boy.  It had been a trying night, and a trying few days.  But Sherlock had Mycroft all to himself for the moment, and, for now, that was enough.
“Looks like the boys must have flown the coop,” Uncle Greg said, and Bunny snorted as he tried not to laugh.  “I guess I’ll have to eat all of the graham crackers Mycroft is getting ready for snack by myself.”
That said, he couldn’t help but find it frustratingly ironic that the day the political geography of England was threatened by opportunism was the same day Greg had been called into work and John had insisted on tagging along.  Mycroft, as a rule, kept very strict boundaries between his home and work life.  At the moment, however, he had no option but to to handle things as quickly and efficiently as possible while hoping Sherlock would be content with some extra time in front of the telly.
“Crybaby crying for his Daddy,” Sherlock teased, emphasizing the word Daddy as if it were something disgusting and shameful.
“Fine,” he said, clearing his throat after his voice came out quiet, bordering on small.
“I was bad, Papa,” he said, sniffling into the man’s trousers.  “I was really bad.”
Sherlock cried loudly, rubbing tears from his eyes.  And when he caught sight through the car window of Uncle Greg, Mycroft, and Bunny walking back across the parking lot towards him, Bunny licking at an ice cream cone and Mycroft clutching a wrapped up sandwich Sherlock knew he would try to get him to eat, he cried louder, trying to use his hands to cover up the massive accident he had just had.  He cried because he had wet himself and because Bunny had gotten ice cream and Sherlock hadn’t.  But, most of all, he cried because it felt good to, because he was finally young; he cried because he knew Mycroft, Bunny, and Uncle Greg would wipe away the tears.
"Later," Mycroft interrupted, closing the door to a small sliver so John could no longer be distracted by Sherlock and his wet underwear.  "I'd like you to go to Sherlock's room.  Find him some clean underwear and his pair of blue and red pajamas.  They will be tucked in the back of the second drawer as if he has been hiding them.  Bring them here."
He should have known better.  Mycroft had been right, per usual when it came to Sherlock.  The man had some of the finest instincts he’d ever come across.  No wonder; he was a Holmes brother, after all.  But none of that mattered now; Greg had set his own terms earlier that night, and now he had to follow through.
This is a long chapter filled with comfort and fluff and needy little boys.  Hope you all enjoy!
“I want to play more,” Sherlock whined, but John shushed him and signaled for him to settle back down.
“It was my fault,” Sherlock said when his tears had at last been reduced to sniffles.  “It’s my fault we never found him.”
John forced himself to turn his attention back to the man at his side, and could not help but breathe a laugh.  In less than five minutes, Sherlock Holmes had analyzed and deconstructed thoughts John was only in the beginning stages of processing, had rationalized questions John hadn't known were being posed.  And although the deluge of information was rather overwhelming, John could see that at the heart of Sherlock's little speech was a motivation to calm John's fears and worries, and, for that, he was grateful.
Hi lovelies!
"It was rather foolish, all told,” he said.
Mycroft looked unconvinced, as if he were about to argue against Greg’s unfailing high esteem, but they were interrupted by a clearing of the throat, and both men turned to see Bunny in the kitchen doorway, hands shoved in the pockets of his coat.
John shook his head and pointed to Sherlock, signalling that he wanted him to do it.  They turned again to look inside the bedroom, and this time Bunny could see his Daddy sleeping in Uncle Greg’s arms.  Both boys knew they were allowed to wake up either man with any problem large or small, but they were sleeping so soundly; it seemed a shame to disturb them.
“I’m glad to hear that, Bunny.”
“If that's true,” Greg said, “Then they’re testing you.  Sherlock needs to know things haven't changed, that you’ll be there for him no matter what, that your relationship with the Bunny doesn't impact that.  And John needs to know that he can have a relationship with you and Sherlock at the same time, without penalty in either direction.”
“I talked with your Daddy,” Papa said after a moment, shifting Bunny around so she was straddling his hips and he could look her in the face.  “He told me you had a tough morning.”
They both knew John wasn’t doing okay.  He was exhausted and emotionally drained and had spent the entire day struggling against headspace.  But, for the moment, John was safe with his Papa and happy to have Willa in his arms.  He shrugged, then yawned, knuckling at an eye that was itchy with tiredness.
“Hon, I can understand why you're angry.  Things are bound to shift when a family gets a little bigger.  But I hope you don't really mean that why you say you hate your little brother.  Because he loves you very much.”
Greg clucked his tongue and reached into the pocket of Sherlock’s overnight bag and fished out a pirate pacifier.  Sherlock only used it when he was feeling particularly young, and, even then, he often fought against using it.  But, in that moment, away from home and London and the millions of people in the city, safe with his brother and Uncle Greg and his little Bunny, he felt protected.  He took the pacifier and let Greg dress him in a warm jumper over his pirate shirt.
Christmas Eve dinner was painless enough.  John was surrounded by so many vivacious, talkative members of Greg’s family that a few well-timed contributions to the conversations happening around him seemed to keep anyone from realizing that he was silent more often than not.  He did nearly cause a scene by choking on his chicken when he shifted attention from a conversation on his left regarding a hotly debated telly program to find Greg chatting with his brother about potty training.  But Greg’s hand found its way onto John’s knee beneath the table, steadying him, and John was able to calm his heart-stopping anxiety long enough to realize that they were just chatting about his brother’s youngest son, not about John and Sherlock.
Daddy nodded, brushing hair back from Bunny’s forehead.
“Um, I wanted to say I’m sorry that...“ Sherlock glanced up towards the bathroom door at Greg, who nodded at him, encouraging him to continue.
Sherlock may have accepted Bunny’s nightshirt and pink pull-ups the night before, but now there was less gentleness to his gaze, a hint of superiority tucked beneath his slightly furrowed eyebrows and some criticism hidden in the slight grin at the corner of his mouth.
“He’s doing fine,” Mycroft said.  “The tantrum settled him, allowed him to express the frustration he’s been avoiding.”
John shrugged and caught Sherlock’s eye with a mischievous smirk.
Sherlock had lost enough pride in himself over the course of the day; he couldn’t handle the loss of Bunny’s pride in him, too--not after the day he’d had and certainly not while still under the watchful gaze of Papa and Mycroft.
Sherlock huffed as he pulled himself off the mattress and stomped over towards Mycroft.  He stopped his show of storming about and grumbling when he was met with his brother’s eyebrows raised in displeasure.
“Greg,” John warned.
Mycroft had, over the years, helped Sherlock to develop coping mechanisms for when he was feeling depressed while in littlespace, mechanisms of self-care that were meant to be as far as possible from drugs or self-harm.  But, that morning, Sherlock had not been in the mood to draw pictures of his feelings or to recite any positive affirmations or to go for a walk outside.  He’d been up nearly the entire night, unable to find a comfortable spot in the bed squeezed between Bunny and Uncle Greg yet too desperate for company to retreat back to his own bedroom.  He didn’t have the energy for much of anything.
John took off his jacket and threw it onto the couch.
Mycroft sighed.  He hated to know that the hesitancy he had shown when issues of Bunny’s gender identity had first come to surface had so clearly led his child to believe he--
“William Sherlock Scott,” Papa said, voice serious where it had been previously lighthearted.  “We do not hit and we do not kick.”
“John,” Mycroft said, voice tinged with a bit of a warning.  “You know it’s best we talk about it while it’s on your mind.  I want you to have a relaxing end to the weekend.”
“You need to eat, Sherlock,” Mycroft said when he noticed that Sherlock’s plate was still full.  “Or would you like me or Papa feed you?”
“It’s been a long day,” Mycroft said at once, placing his long-since-empty bourbon glass on the coffee table--two and a half refills; Sherlock had been surprised it hadn’t been more.  “Why don’t we reconvene in the morning?”
It was a testament to the unusually pliable mindset Sherlock was in that he climbed up onto the bed to be dressed without so much as an aggravated whine.  Greg applied the diaper cream liberally, then settled the kid into a fresh pair of pants.  It was likely Sherlock wouldn’t have fought against being put in a pull-up or a diaper, but Greg was hoping he could get Sherlock to use the loo for the rest of the day, knowing the drier he could keep the kid the faster his rash would heal.
Greg ran a hand along the back of his neck, and was clearly relieved to be saved by a group of nieces and nephews clamoring for his attention.  He crouched down and roared like a bear before chasing them out of the kitchen and through the living room.  John tracked their shrieking laughter even over the murmur of conversations happening around the house until Greg had circled back to him.  He ushered John away from his mother’s prying questions and began guiding him from group to group, introducing him to laughing uncles and smiling next-door-neighbors while the nieces and nephews--all dressed in holiday sweaters or sparkly dresses and still attempting to get their Uncle Greg’s attention--raced through groups of distant cousins visiting from abroad and coworkers socializing before they would trudge home to their own families.
Greg could understand respect for the dead, and knew it was not beneath Anderson and his forensics lackeys to take the piss out of some poor bloke who’d been strangled to death, but why John would have been angry enough to start a fist fight over a bit of workplace teasing was still unclear.  John’s anger was often unpredictable, but Greg had never known it to be unprovoked.
“Sherlock,” John yelled between garbled bursts of laughter.  “Sherlock, I’m pissing!”
In Sherlock’s closet, resting atop a suitcase behind the few clothes still hung up on the rack, was a tattered stuffed dinosaur which had at one time more than likely been clean and brightly colored but now resembled something found in a dusty attic box, worn and dingy and missing an eye.  John removed the dinosaur from the back of the closet and placed it atop the newly made bed, not fully understanding and yet knowing it was what Sherlock would need when he was led out of the bathtub and put to bed.
Mycroft leaned over and kissed Sherlock on the forehead.
“Sorry, My,” Sherlock said, letting his head fall against Mycroft’s chest.  “I promise I didn’t mean to.”
Sherlock considered ignoring Mycroft’s request, considered stomping right along through the trees and bushes in search of frogs.  But his brother’s voice was firm, and, as much as he wanted to cause Mycroft trouble, he also really wanted to stay outside to find frogs.  If he disobeyed, there was no way Mycroft would let him stay outside to play, and he’d be stuck inside with nothing to distract him from his sudden need to analyze each look Mycroft gave to the Bunny and to categorize his brother’s tone of voice in contrasting degrees of affection when he spoke to Sherlock and the Bunny.
A quick update because I know you've all been waiting!  I'm hoping to write more very soon but given my crazy schedule lately I'm not sure I can make any promises!
Mycroft nodded, and Greg turned to knock on John’s door.
Mycroft was not pleased to hear that Greg had already agreed to bring John to work with him, citing the doctor’s nearly sleepless night and undoubtedly frayed nerves as reasons he found the decision irresponsible and reckless.
“Please, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, pausing the fit he was about to throw to attempt sweetness.
John may have come to terms with the idea of Uncle Greg babysitting him for the night, but that didn’t do much to quell the anxiety settling deep in his stomach.
“Redbeard,” Sherlock provided, his gaze fixed but turned off into the distance.  “He was my--”
“Stand up for me, bud,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock obeyed.
Sherlock pouted, but did not put up much more of a fuss.
After all, the boy had done exceedingly well with potty training up to that point.  Greg had been a bit surprised, if he were honest.  Given that John had suggested potty training in order to diminish the guilt he felt over accidents and given the way Mycroft had surmised that potty training would be the opportunity John needed to explore more of the comfort--and, at times, arousal--he received from wetting, Greg had been expecting lots of wet pants and soaked pull-ups.  It seemed, however, that the boy was basking in the praise he’d been receiving from potty training success, happy and confident in the stickers on his chart.  Greg just had to hope that desire for success and praise would get them through the night.
Sherlock clutched Dimitri and alligator to his chest and his thumb found its way into his mouth as he shifted against the wetness of his pants.  He wanted Mycroft to be off the phone.
For a moment, Sherlock thought Uncle Greg would say no.  Mycroft was looking at him with such a tentative smile that he worried Bunny had said something wrong.  But a moment later Mycroft squeezed Uncle Greg’s hand, and Uncle Greg smiled wide, and reached to pull Sherlock towards him until he was squashed next to Bunny in a hug.
“What did you just say?”
“No,” he said.
“Okay, little Bunny foo-foo,” he said, which made John giggle.  “How’s the water temperature?”
“I already said no, Sherlock.  You and your Papa both know the rule: no sweets before dinner.”
“Should we go and get your brother?” he asked as he helped Sherlock into one of his own jumpers to keep him warm.
The boy cried louder when he was picked up, clutching onto Mycroft with a desperation that told him the current tears came from gratefulness more than sadness.  Mycroft regretted that he would not be able to change out of his own pajama trousers and t-shirt for something a bit less ill-bred, but he consoled himself with the fact that it was not likely that there would be anyone wandering through the backyard to see him looking so unrefined.
“Uncle Greg, just five minutes with my mobile?  Please? I’ll give it back right after I check something,” Sherlock said, masking the frustration in his voice and attempting to sound sweet.
“Hey, now,” Papa said, voice serious.  “None of that.  This is not about anything you did, love bug.  Sherlock is the one in the wrong, here.”
Sherlock sniffled, but nodded.  He was finally young without the prospect of having to hide his mindset, but with the embrace of headspace came an emotional vulnerability, and his face fell as he dissolved once more into tears.
John realized he had been staring after them only once he found himself alone.  There was an intimacy between the two of them, a short-hand which spoke to the many years they had been serving these same roles.  But it was intimidating, the ease with which Mycroft cared for his brother; god knows John had been trying in his own way to care for Sherlock since they had moved in together.  He had never been as successful as Mycroft was now.
“Ariel,” he said, and Greg, seeing the sheer joy and comfort the item brought to the boy, vowed to stop entertaining Mycroft’s hesitancy to encourage Bunny’s love for traditionally little-girl things.
“Any concern you have is valid,” Mycroft said, tipping the boy’s chin so that he could see his face.  “Irrational or not.”
“Sherlock, what did I say about sitting with us at the table?” Daddy asked, and Papa raised his eyebrows as Sherlock came huffing and stomping from the living room to throw himself into a chair.
Hope you're all doing well! xoxo
“Alright, kid,” Greg said, taking a sip of his coffee as Mycroft crossed into the kitchen and brought out boxes of cereal and Sherlock and Bunny’s plastic kids’ bowls--dinosaurs for Sherlock and The Little Mermaid for Bunny--to the kitchen table.  The breakfast Greg had made very early that morning had gone cold and rubbery in the wake of Sherlock’s injury.
Mycroft cared greatly for John’s happiness, had grown to love his little Bunny dearly, but he would not be able to forgive himself were Sherlock to suddenly recall the horrors of his first childhood, were Sherlock to no longer be able to ageplay without the stain of residual trauma.   And so Mycroft did not have the heart to tell Sherlock it was his sister napping upstairs and not his brother, did not have the heart to introduce something so charged when Sherlock was so content and adorably happy.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft had said as Sherlock left for the sleepover, turning from his math homework when Sherlock passed his room.  “Call me if you need anything.”
“Peaceful when it’s not filled with my brothers and all the neighborhood kids squabbling and plotting war games,” Greg laughed, and then, as if remembering:  “In summers we spent full days out here.  Ma would send us with packed lunches and we wouldn’t go home until dinner.”
The voicing of shame seemed to have the opposite effect of what Greg had intended, brightening John’s cheeks in embarrassment as the kid hunched his shoulders and cried harder.  Greg reached to the backseat, pulling the duffel onto the center console.  He unzipped the bag and pulled out the plush rabbit before rooting around for the pacifier, knowing it would likely be needed before long.
Sherlock nodded.  Bunny felt very young, and that much must have been clear to Sherlock.  Between the thunderstorm and the emotional turmoil of the morning and the fact that he was, at least for this moment, able to relax in Sherlock’s presence, he had sunk into a comfortable littleness that, for the first time since they were looking for frogs outside, was not overly plagued by jarring moments of adult thought.
“I know, Bunny,” Greg said, spooning some rice onto John’s plate.  “But I thought, for just this once, if we’re really careful to eat without a mess, your lion might make you feel a little better.”
Bunny nodded, and Mycroft gathered up the wet sheets as he supervised Bunny in the task of picking out some new clothes.
Bunny fiddled with the hem of his nightshirt, and, after a moment, shook his head.
“Wear this and this and this,” Sherlock said, shoving clothing into Bunny’s arms.
Bunny pulled away from him and hurried back onto the bed.  He didn’t have the words to tell Daddy that he needed to be held right now, and if Daddy wasn’t going to pick him up then it was safer to be on the bed, away from the monster’s grasp.  The plastic sheet had kept the liquid from sinking down into the mattress, so the cooling puddle of urine made his legs feel icky with wee when he crawled back into it, but anything was better than being pulled under the bed and being eaten alive.
“Shush,” John said, pulling the boy’s head to his shoulder.  “It’s all over, now.  I’m here.”
“Mycroft, what the hell is this?” He yelled from the bathroom, swinging the bathroom door open and emerging with a towel wrapped around his waist.
Trying to make himself inconspicuous was a rather unfamiliar goal for Sherlock.  Usually, getting away with mischief made him self-assured and proud.  He loved a good challenge, and sneaking bad behavior past Mycroft and Papa--men who were professionally trained to detect just that--had always been thrilling.  Acting out brought him attention, but, more than that, playing tricks on Bunny and finding loopholes in the rules Papa or Mycroft set allowed him to feel clever and in control.  At the moment, however, his appreciation for any art of deception was dampened by waves of shame.   He couldn’t take pride in being successfully sneaky because he couldn’t feel pride in himself.  Lying to Papa and Mycroft right now wasn’t about bolstering his ego; it was about preserving it.
Mycroft held out his hand and Sherlock latched on with both of his own.  John watched the Holmes brothers leave the room, Sherlock clutching at Mycroft's coat when he was led into the bathroom, as if he were a young child.  It became clear to John that this was not a new arrangement between the brothers.  This was reminiscent of their childhood, and perhaps even later on in their lives.  He heard the bath water being drawn.
At least he didn't have to deal with it all himself anymore.  Papa was there, trustworthy and gentle and good.
“Go back to sleep, Sherlock,” John said.  “Everything’s okay.”
“Look what I have, my little mermaid,” Greg said after closing the door and turning back to Bunny.
“Yeah,” Sherlock mumbled.  “Didn’t like it.”
“John, you mean?” Mycroft asked, then seemed to catch on, his mind already steps ahead:  “You think it’s because of an intentional choice on his part that we haven't encountered any of his outbursts during age regression.”
“I wouldn’t say planned, exactly,” Sherlock said, eyes flicking up from where he was staring at the floor.  “But I was rather decidedly not little.”
“Do you need the loo, lad?” Greg asked, glancing down at a shallow-breathing John.
“If Bunny’s potty training, then me too,” he said.
Any attempts he had been making to hold back his younger self seemed futile in the midst of the realization.  He hand’t wet the bed unintentionally since he was a little kid, not even during the worst of his nightmares.  He wasn’t even in his own bed, and his stomach sunk when he realized Sherlock would no doubt find out.  He suddenly felt intensely, sincerely small.
John smiled back at Greg when he settled back onto the couch and opened his arms for John to snuggle up against him.  He had never before cuddled with Uncle Greg, but he was glad the man was open to it.  It just wasn’t as nice to watch a movie without cuddling.
Unfortunately, John’s nightmares were unpredictable, and not even pacifiers and pull-ups had been able to lessen their frequency.
“Okay, now I’m the pirate captain,” Sherlock said as he sat back on his heels, placing his pirate hat back onto his head.  He had removed to it be better able to see while he drew.  The hat crushed the curls of hair on his forehead into his eyes, and Sherlock scrabbled his fingers over his face to push them away.  “And you’re the damsel in distress.”
Sherlock blinked back tears.  He was having a hard time processing the information.  If Mycroft was John’s daddy then where did that leave him?  Mycroft couldn't be Sherlock’s daddy--he would always be his big brother.  Did that mean that Mycroft and John's relationship was more special than Mycroft and Sherlock's?
And as seemed to be becoming progressively the case with Sherlock, Greg’s steady, down-to-earth presence grounded the man far more than Mycroft ever could.  Mycroft could visibly see a bit of the anger leave Sherlock, an anger surprisingly replaced by a slight tinge of pink along Sherlock’s cheeks as he held the pull-up in his hand in front of Greg.
“Should we, ah,” John stuttered.  “Should we check on Sherlock and Greg?”
“And I wasn’t going to do it,” he said, glancing up momentarily before staring back down at the floorboards.  “But the lamp broke.”
“I was only joking, princess,” Greg explained, turning the key in the ignition.  “I promise no one’s opening any presents until we’re all together.”
“Not if you don’t tell him,” John said, voice warning.  He paused, running a hand down his face in an attempt to keep the dizziness at bay.  “I’m still getting over this head cold.  He might just assume I’m still ill.”
He crossed the room hurriedly, bunny blanket and Ariel the lion clutched in his arms.  Lightning flashed as he was climbing under the sheets, and he jumped, then burrowed close to Sherlock in anticipation of the thunder.
Sending Bunny kisses and wishing you all a great day!  You're all the best, and you're all appreciated :)
“Want to go take a look?” he asked, and Bunny seemed surprised that he’d been found out.  He blushed and shook his head.
He had a half-formed fantasy of going to Mycroft after it was done and letting his big brother deduce what had happened, of forcing him to pay attention once and for all.
“Sherlock doesn’t like change,” Bunny said, suddenly feeling guilty that she had not thought of how her decision may impact Sherlock.  “And he’s only a baby right now.”
“Mycroft?” Sherlock asked as Mycroft helped him pull down his pants and soaked pull-up.
On some level, Mycroft knew Greg was simply trying to help.  But given how sensitive Bunny was feeling at the moment--the comment causing him to break down into sobs once more--Mycroft could not help but cast a pointed glance in Greg’s direction as he hoisted the boy up from the couch and onto his hip, carrying him out of the room and to the hall bathroom, where he propped the boy up on the sink cabinet.  He’d have liked to bring the kiddo up to his bedroom, but it was hard enough carrying a grown man without getting stairs involved.  Mycroft preferred not to send the kid to the hospital if they had any mishaps.
John took a sip and swished it around his mouth before spitting it out into the sink.
Mycroft returned to Baker street by 2:00 PM in order to wait for the return of his boys from the zoo, and by the time he could hear Sherlock bounding up the stairs, back from the zoo, he was ready for the boys to come home.  Lestrade had texted pictures throughout the day, and while both boys looked happy enough, Mycroft was worried at John’s dwindling smile within each successive picture.  He called Lestrade to express his concerns that John may have had enough, but Lestrade shrugged it off and told him both boys were having a blast of a time.
“We’ve got to get that kid a pacifier clip, or at least a second pacifier,” Greg mused, and Mycroft, focused on the road and the navigation system’s directions, hummed his consent.
“You’re right that they might view you differently than if they’d never known you were little,” he said, knowing he needed to be as honest as possible if they were going to make any progress.  “But, in time, they’ll see that your little self is just one part of who you are, and that it doesn’t change who you are when you’re big.”
‘the arrangement,’” he explained, wiping his mouth with the back of his wrist.
“Move your feet, grumpy boy,” his mother said, setting down a tea tray after Sherlock grumbled and sat up taller in the armchair, feet on the carpet he used to crawl around on with his father as they built a train for around the Christmas tree.
He shifted his attention.  Sherlock was looking at him pointedly, raising a cheeky eyebrow.  John, clearing his throat in an attempt to distract from the blush he knew was spreading across his cheeks, blinked wordlessly.  Here was Sherlock’s way of combating the half-attention he had given him: brash bluntness deployed for shock value.  The man smirked while John balked.
Bunny nodded.
Greg smirked, then stood from his chair to lean down and kiss Mycroft.
You've all been so patient while we've dealt with the drama of the past few chapters.  Enjoy our cute and fluffy return to ageplay, and let me know if you have any requests :)
“Right.  I’ll, just--ah.  Be going, I think.”
He had never called Mycroft Daddy before.  He had never even called his own father Daddy before.  And even though Greg had recovered and was now looking at him with nothing but acceptance, John knew he would tell Mycroft and then they would have to discuss it and what if it was just too much for Mycroft and he didn’t want to care for him anymore?
“I don’t know,” Mycroft mused, hand wrapped around the warmth of his mug of tea.  “Maybe we’d all be better off staying separate.”
And after a moment, he felt a gush of wet heat spread into the pull-up.
Mycroft had a lot to discuss with Greg during the boys’ naptime.  He had his reservations about John exploring his feminine side while in headspace, and he didn’t think it wise that Greg had purchased so many items for John which allowed him to do just that.
Greg nodded, tearing lettuce and tossing it into a big wooden bowl.
Mycroft had re-entered the living room at this point with a wiped down Dmitri the dinosaur, which Sherlock reached for immediately.
“Come here,” Mycroft instructed, pulling the door closed behind him.
John shoved him hard against the chest.
By the time Mycroft knocked on the bedroom door, Bunny was gone, and only John remained.
“Close your eyes, kiddo,” Mycroft said as he began rubbing shampoo into Bunny’s hair.
Greg understood John’s eagerness to get back to London; the kid had been working increasingly hard over the past day and a half to keep himself adult, meaning it would be difficult to allow himself to fully slip until they’d put a bit of distance between themselves and Greg’s family.  Even so, Greg hoped he wouldn’t have to deal with the man’s moodiness for the entire trip home.
Warnings for lots of angst (remember when I said this story in the series was going to be primarily fluff? Apparently I'm incapable of that...), diaper play (sort of? nothing sexually explicit), misbehaving Sherlock, and some dominant Mycroft humiliation, so if any of that is not your cup of tea, hang tight until we get back to the potty training storyline in the next chapter or two.
Papa was back in a few moments, dressed for work and pulling on his coat.  Bunny felt guilty because it was clear Papa no longer had time for a shower given Bunny’s tantrum, but he was relieved that Papa had brought him his baby blanket and his pacifier, which he settled into Bunny’s mouth before leaning down to kiss him on the head.
I had planned for this to be the final Chapter of this story, had even outlined the way I wanted to end the storyline, but our impulsive and mischievous Sherlock had other ideas, so you'll get at least one or two more in this story before we wrap things up.
It's been a while since I've posted, huh?  Sorry for the delay! It's been very busy lately (mostly for good reasons, some not so good), but I finally had time to get some writing done tonight.   I haven't had time to edit as well as I'd like to, and this chapter gave me a bit of trouble, but I promised myself I'd update before I went to sleep, so please let me know if there are any gaping plot confusions or if I missed any grammar/typo issues.  I may come back to edit a bit the next time I have a free moment.
“I’m not wearing that,” he spat, and suddenly Mycroft was dealing with a moody pre-teen, railing over rules he believed didn’t apply to him.  “I’m not a girl.”
“He just wants your approval,” Greg said, taking a sip from his own mug of coffee.  “Is it so hard to give it to him?”
Bunny whined, accepted the pacifier Greg offered him, but then tried to snuggle back against Greg’s chest.
Mycroft shushed the boy as gently as he could, reaching out his hands to signal that it was important for them to be quiet at the moment; he was warmed by Sherlock’s happiness, by the moment they’d shared, but he was also conscious of Bunny sleeping upstairs, and he knew Bunny deserved the chance to rest after such a tiring morning.
He scrubbed at his eyes with a fist and climbed onto the bottom bunk, allowing her to spread the blanket over him.  He longed for Willa, who was out in the cold car in his suitcase, and the thought made him want to cry again. He sniffled and pulled his knees up to his chest, only half-aware that Greg's mum was untying his shoes and slipping them from his feet.
“Of course not,” he said.
Check out my
“Buddy, look at me," Mycroft said, voice softening in sincerity.  He found himself still in professional crisis-solving mode, and knew he needed to pepper in softness with the boy.  Sherlock turned his head to peek one eye up towards Mycroft.  “I apologize for my lapse in judgement.  I hope you'll understand that, although I indeed deem you far more important than my occupation, there are times when I will not be able to give you the type of full, undivided attention I would prefer to bestow upon those I love.”
Bunny was grateful to climb out of the scratchy outfit he’d been dressed in for over an hour and into the dress Sherlock had chosen.  He pulled the dress over his head and Sherlock yanked him by the green sash and tied it tight around Bunny’s middle, impatient for Bunny to be in his new character because it best suited Sherlock's own desires to keep playing.  The dress was far too long on Bunny and tight across the chest, but he didn't mind.
He turned to smile at Mycroft, who had not been able to let Sherlock off his lap without the boy whimpering and fussing since he’d gotten him to settle down in his youngest headspace.
Mycroft was holding a pull-up in one hand and a pair of dark briefs in the other.  John rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, but Mycroft did not acknowledge his little tantrum.  He simply stood his ground, the picture of patience and silent support.  It was clear he would wait for as long as John needed to make a decision.
Lots of angst/comfort in this chapter.  221bCupOfTeaAndSherlock requested some Greg/Sherlock love, which was a perfect direction to take this chapter.  Thanks for the suggestion!
Sherlock shrugged off the compliment as he flushed the loo.
Mycroft spoke loud enough to ensure that Sherlock heard.
“Thank you, Uncle Greg,” John said as he started eating.  “Sorry I’m so much work.”
Even if she did have the energy to fight her current gender identity, Papa and Daddy were cuddling her between them and calling her their good, sweet little girl.  They kept assuring her that there was nothing abnormal about her whatsoever.  It took quite some time, but their words eventually calmed her, settling her firmly into her current self, and Bunny’s emotions began to regulate.
“That’s a question that I’m sure Bunny would be happy to answer,” Mycroft said.  “From my understanding, sometimes he feels more like a girl than a boy.  When that happens, he’d rather be a girl than spend lots of energy trying to be a boy just to make others happy.  Do you understand?”
John’s hungover mind was spinning a bit as he attempted to process Sherlock’s litany of points.  He wasn’t entirely sure how he felt regarding the events of yesterday now that his mind was not numbed by alcohol.  In headspace, it had all felt so comfortable and right to identify as female, but, as soon as he'd aged up, he'd been forced to stifle thoughts that he’d acted irrationally, that he'd drawn unnecessary attention away from Sherlock.
“Probably not, kid,” Greg shrugged, returning to the food and setting a plateful of French toast on the kitchen table.  “You’re a big boy.  But you don't have to use it, and it's probably a good idea just in case.  Then you won't have to worry about the long car ride.”
“Here you go, sweetheart,” he said, holding out Bunny’s new headband.  “Don’t forget your unicorn horn.”
“It really is all a bit much, isn’t it?” she asked, looking at him carefully and causing John to shift where he sat once more.  Her eyes were reminiscent of Greg’s at his most caring: warm and somehow all-knowing.
He felt worse when he checked the master bedroom and realized he'd never changed the sheets from Sherlock's mishap that morning, just one more thing Greg would be upset with him about.  After checking Bunny's room to find it empty, he made his way to the guest bedroom, knowing Greg would not have simply taken the kids out of the house without telling him.  Mycroft may have been irresponsible in his care of Sherlock that afternoon, but Greg was nothing if not conscientiously by-the-book.
“We knew Sherlock would act out,” Greg said.  “You told me so yourself upstairs in the bedroom.  Is it really so surprising that he would pull John into his game, or that John would feel compelled to make amends by following along?”
Mycroft opened the bathroom door to find himself face to face with Greg, who was bringing a dry change of clothes for John.  Mycroft could see a bashful Sherlock hiding behind Greg, dressed in his dinosaur pajamas, his thumb in his mouth.
“Did something happen at the store to make you feel that way?”
“But I have to be a big boy,” Bunny said, glancing down at Sherlock’s alligator in his lap, running his finger around and around the plastic eyeball.
“Sweetheart, it’s alright,” his mother said with warmth, crossing around the counter to brush a hand against his cheek.  “You’ve been asking me about picky eaters and punishments for misbehavior and schedules for toilet training for months now.  Your father was convinced you’d started experimenting with women again and had gotten someone pregnant.  But seeing how you are with John?  Seeing how much you care for him and how much vulnerability is shadowed behind that man's eyes?  I’m starting to make sense of it, I think.”
“Can you hold it?” Sherlock asked, and Bunny shrugged.
Mycroft placed a hand on each of Bunny’s shoulders.
Come to think about it, Bunny hadn’t exactly been the easiest kid to deal with, lately.  The day before, Bunny had pretended to be little when he wasn’t , then he’d wet Sherlock’s bed during naptime and then his pants when he and Sherlock were playing in the attic.  He'd also been unable to sleep once he'd been put to bed, and had asked to sleep with his Daddy and Uncle Greg.  He’d even hurt his tongue sucking too hard on his pacifier, causing even more trouble for his Daddy and Uncle Greg, and then he’d gone and wet his pants and bed again earlier that day, when he was crying because he thought Uncle Greg had bought diapers for him at the store.
Either Sherlock would have done anything to escape the interrogation or perhaps the embarrassment had made him slip a bit further, because the consulting detective obeyed immediately when Mycroft told him to go to strip his bed of the wet sheets and bring him the bag Mycroft had left in the bedroom.
“Let’s give him a call and see if he can talk to you, alright, bug?”
He got them closed into a family restroom stall, where he sent the boy to “try to potty” one more time as he unhooked the diaper changing table from where it was latched onto the wall.
Greg didn’t look entirely convinced, furrowing his eyebrows as he scanned John.
Sherlock pulled back a bit, shifting Bunny off of his chest, and looked him over, his eyes scanning over his wiggling frame.  Bunny fished his pacifier out from where it had been tangled in the sheets and put it back into his mouth.
“What the hell are you thinking?” Greg was saying when he’d shoved John up against the side of his car, voice enraged.  “You just compromised the crime scene of a case we’ve been working for months!  I have enough trouble convincing Anderson and the others to let you and Sherlock step in on these cases.  You think starting a fist fight is going to help your case?  Jesus, John!  Mycroft was right, you weren’t anywhere near ready to handle a crime scene today.”
Greg hung up his mobile and let it drop to the countertop.
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent.
Mycroft and Greg took their respite from the boys as a chance to clean the lake house and pack the bags.  They moved throughout the house setting things right, checking beneath couch cushions and under beds to ensure no beloved toys were left behind.  Mycroft began packing the car while Greg went to wake the boys and send them to use the loo before the long car ride.
“I know, buddy,” Greg said, holding out the pull-up for Sherlock to step into and then dressing him in a fresh pair of dinosaur pajamas before releasing the drain on the tub and lifting the boy into his arms.
“Hey, little Bunny,” he said, soothing.  “You’re okay.”
“Bunny, does this have to do with your pull-ups?” he asked, and Bunny’s cheeks blazed as he nodded.
Greg let Mycroft take control, and there was a content satisfaction in giving in to the moment, registering nothing but the closeness of Mycroft and the smell of his skin, the arousal and the intimacy and the welcome stimulation.
If he was really going to guard against all of Sherlock’s judgment, he knew he should switch out his stuffed rabbit for his stuffed lion and the new butterfly pull-up Daddy had dressed him in after he’d praised him for using the potty for a blue one, but he couldn’t bear to part with rabbit or his pink pull-up.  They both made him feel safe and strong and himself.  He’d just have to hope that taking off the most conspicuously “girly” item would keep away Sherlock’s sneering looks.
Feel free to let me know what you'd like to see in the coming chapters, and have a great night, all!  Stay inside and bundled up if you're somewhere where the weather is bitterly cold right now (like me!).
Greg was a bit taken aback.  He scanned the boy for a moment, worried that he was too late and the kid had already wet himself, but Bunny’s jeans were dry and he was still squirming where he sat.  Greg had also become quite skilled at knowing what a pull-up looked like under clothing, and knew John would never dare wear one to a crime scene.
John whined, not liking that idea, but Mycroft rubbed his back and reminded him he was safe.
Still, it was wrong for Sherlock to take his own feelings of frustration and confusion out on his brother.  Mycroft needed to put an end to Sherlock’s evasive moodiness, which likely meant bringing the events of the morning out into the open once and for all.  First, however, he needed to make sure his brother, trying to mask his squirming in the corner, got to the loo.
Bunny sobbed, whining unintelligibly as he choked on tears and squirmed in his seat.
Greg leaned toward Mycroft to kiss his boyfriend, then settled on his side of the couch, leaning against his chest as Mycroft wrapped an arm around him
“Eat your lunch, Sherlock,” Mycroft said from his place at the counter.  “The food on that plate needs to be gone before you can leave the table.”
With a huff, Sherlock stood and stomped through the mud towards Mycroft and Bunny.
Sherlock nodded, then reached out another spoonful of macaroni.  Mycroft scoffed but allowed his little brother to feed him once more, and Sherlock giggled, this time attempting to restrain himself as much as possible.  Trying to stay quiet led to Sherlock snorting through his laughter, and then he was belly laughing once more, this time at his own silliness.
Greg handled the clean-up of the car seat by finding a roll of paper towels from the grocery bags he had packed earlier that day as well as a bottle of water that he used to pour over the seat before mopping up the liquid, hoping to dilute the urine and avoid smells and stains.  They lay a towel over the wet seat and shifted the boys over.  Sherlock was buckled into Bunny’s old seat and John was happy enough to finish up his ice cream--Sherlock had refused when Bunny offered him the rest--in the middle seat, leaning against Sherlock’s shoulder.  The detective generally refused any affection, but in this case he seemed content to have the little Bunny snuggled beside him as he yanked the sleeves of his pirate shirt down over his hands.
He began pacing the room on his way toward the dead body, unable to keep from noticing the scattered liquor bottles strewn on bureaus and bedside tables.  The rundown motel room was exactly the type of place where, years ago, John had found his father after long nights spent looking for him.  He had always been less concerned about finding his father and more concerned with calming his mother’s tearful worries whenever his father didn't come home.  John ran a hand down his face at the swift pace of the returning memories.  He had enough prompting him towards vulnerability at the moment; he didn’t need any additional triggers to set him off feeling young.
“Okay,” Mycroft said, reaching to pat Sherlock’s hip until Sherlock pushed his lower body toward the other side of the mattress.  “Do you want to stay up here, or would you like to come downstairs with me to see your Papa and your brother?”
“Do your best to get young again, alright?”
He sighed and bent towards Sherlock’s spoon to eat the mouthful of macaroni.  The action was apparently inordinately funny, because it caused Sherlock to dissolve into a shriek of laughter, mouth wide and teeth bared as he cackled.
“Why did you leave Mycroft’s yesterday?” he asked, cheek warm against John’s skin.  “Something must have happened which compelled you to self-soothe with more than your usual two and a half pints.”
Mycroft could not help but feel concern for John’s state of mind.  He knew the man had come to terms with his desire to wet himself, but John had been clear with Mycroft that he was not ready to admit or show this to Sherlock just yet.  John had not wet himself since the morning after Greg had babysat, and Mycroft was concerned that Sherlock manipulating John into a diaper might be a bit too much too soon for the doctor.
Sherlock nodded, and Mycroft stood to lead him into the master bathroom.
“Only one of them is young,” Mycroft said from down the hallway, exiting the bathroom in his sweep of the apartment.  “They wouldn’t voluntarily have gotten into the bath if they were both small.”
Bunny got a bit upset, teary because he was afraid he’d need to take off his Ariel nightshirt, but Papa just stripped him of the nightshirt and rinsed the tiny spot that had gotten wet on the hem in the sink before helping him into a new pull-up and letting him put the nightshirt back on.  Sherlock could see that Mycroft was not exactly pleased, but Papa kissed him and said something about risk and reward,  "reward in this case meaning a happy kid and no tantrums before bedtime."
Sherlock sighed and hugged his knees to his chest.  He hadn’t even wanted to be the older brother, today, and now he’d gone and done something only the meanest big brothers would even consider.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, sighed, and left the guest bedroom.
“The baby wet his pants!” Sherlock called, loud and jeering.
Mycroft rang the doorbell at 221b Baker Street, choosing to wait for a response rather than use his spare key.  The boys were adult, and Mycroft meant to show them respect.  He kept his head held high as he listened for the clomping down the staircase that told him it was John coming to let him in.
“Kid,” Uncle Greg said once Sherlock had been changed into pajamas and placed into his bed  Uncle Greg had continued to talk through the entire process of getting him ready for a nap despite not receiving any verbal response from Sherlock.  “This is for you, in case you need it.”
Bunny sucked in a cry and held his breath.  Sherlock was mumbling, still half-alseep.
“Yes, that’s where the obsession began, I’m afraid.”
Greg, by Mycroft’s side as he wiped down the kitchen table with a wet rag, leaned over to kiss the man on his temple in acquiescence, humming agreement.
“I maybe told him he wasn't allowed to go?” Sherlock said, voice inflection moving upwards as if he were asking a question.
Bunny beamed up at him and nodded, then wrapped his arms around him as he dove forward into a hug.  Greg gave a content chuckle, pleased to finally feel as if he’d settled the boy and gotten him past the stress of the morning.
Sherlock lifted his head to catch Mycroft’s eye, and was comforted by just how sincere he looked.
"I remember," Bunny said.
“Good boy,” Uncle Greg said.  “Why don’t you go try to use the potty while I get Sherlock settled?”
“Alright, time for all good pirates and dinosaurs and princesses and Gryffindors to get into jammies and get nice and comfy for movie night,” Mycroft called into the living room from his place in the kitchen even as he kept eye contact with Greg.  “Last one upstairs is a rotten egg!”
“Yes, darling. I promise.”
The bathroom was a mess, discarded clothing draped on the floor.  Mycroft set John on the edge of the sink.  The kid balanced on his perch as he watched Mycroft stepped over the clothes on the floor to turn on the bath water.  Mycroft tested the temperature, and then begin to pick up the shirts and trousers scattered around the room.
Later that night, after leaving Sherlock in a still somewhat embarrassed John’s care, Mycroft came home to Greg Lestrade at his apartment, cooking him dinner.  He had given Greg keys to his place only two months before, after a prolonged two years of what Mycroft still stubbornly refused to call a relationship.  It was still a bit unsettling for him to find Greg in what has always been his private space.
Questions of self-doubt crowded his thoughts.  He felt his chest tight as he struggled to breathe through the flashbacks, suddenly filled to the brim with self-hatred and fear.  The memories had the effect of simultaneously shaming him and forcing him lower in headspace.  He quickly pushed the pull up off his waist and down his legs, feeling disgusted with himself for wanting to wear it and desperate to prove that he wasn't weak and vulnerable.  He didn't need something so babyish, so indicative of lack of control.  But even as he hid the discarded pull-up way back behind cleaning supplies in the cabinet below the sink, he felt himself needier than before, more fearful and anxious.
“We can chat more later,” Mycroft said.  He paused and took in John’s state.  “Are you feeling little?”
John shook his head, and was grateful when Mycroft didn’t insist.  At times, discussing the nightmares allowed John a sense of control over them, but, at the moment, the dark images were too close, too likely to return were he to mention them.
“I guess,” John mumbled into his glass.  “So you're not mad?”
John gathered the toy into his arms, kissing its nose and then tucking it beneath one of his arms.  He stepped towards Mycroft, then leaned against his chest and wrapped the arm not holding the toy around the man.  Mycroft wrapped him in his arms, and leaned down and kissed the top of his head.
He could not help it when his cheeks pinked.  He was peeing in his pants on purpose, and it was spreading quickly, all around where he sat on his Daddy’s expensive rug.  He knew his Little Mermaid nightshirt has not escaped the accident, that the fabric was sure to have been soaked by the stream of pee trickling down towards his bum.
Greg yanked a light blue shirt and grey tie from their hangers, for once grateful for Mycroft’s insistence that items be dry cleaned and pressed before being placed in his closet.
“I, ah, I think I could do with a bit of air,” he said, handing his empty cider mug to Greg.
They had generally spent time at Baker street when the boys were feeling young, but after the weekend at the lake, Mycroft had not been able to keep from anticipating having all of his boys--Sherlock, John, and Greg--under his own roof, where there was plenty of space and a few surprises already tucked away for the kiddos.
And Sherlock was still pissing.  John could hear liquid patter as it rolled off of the seat and onto the floor.
Mycroft, as always, seemed unphased.  Perhaps John had not been as secretive about wetting himself as he would have imagined, or perhaps it was just a logical conclusion that the boy would wet himself not long after being told it was all okay.
“I know you’re not.  I’ll speak to him,” Mycroft said.  “And everything you’ve said sounds more than doable.  Thank you for explaining to me.  I want you to be happy, John.”
“That’s a great idea, sweet boy,” Greg said, cupping the back of Bunny’s neck and then leaning to kiss the boy on the forehead.  “I’m sure your little brother will appreciate that.”
He retreated to his study and poured a highball glass of bourbon as he turned on an old movie.  There was sinking feeling that had been lodged in his chest since he’d received the text from Greg earlier that evening, a sinking feeling he knew would not be alleviated until he knew his little ones were safe, asleep in their own beds upstairs.  His thoughts wandered to Baker Street and to Sherlock and John, feeling for all the world like he'd left his kids home alone without a babysitter.
For the first time that night, John was glad he had not gone to Mycroft’s to be babied.  Being adult certainly had its own advantages.
Now Sherlock was also crying, and Mycroft sighed.
“That's alright, kid.  We’ll get you all cleaned up in a moment, okay?  Right now your Daddy has to say goodbye.”
“Sounds like someone’s ready for some bunny food,” Greg said, and John nodded.  “So’s your Uncle Greg.”
Sherlock squirmed where he lay, clearly uncomfortable under big brother’s gaze.
“All set, bud,” he said, closing the boxes and gathering the discarded band aids and paper backings.  Sherlock watched him from the corner of his eye not pressed against his arm.
Sherlock became shy once more, shrugging one shoulder as he fiddled with a button on his coat.
Bunny looked up at him and shrugged, and Greg could sense that the boy was feeling a bit non-verbal.  He couldn’t wait to gather the boy into his arms and give him the comfort he deserved.
“I don't need it,” he mumbled, in an in-between headspace he was vulnerable to when around Greg, the headspace he found himself in when fighting the vulnerability of being little.  Mycroft was almost glad the boys were hungover; it might mean a quicker transition to their younger selves.
John blinked across the table at Mycroft.  He was clearly hesitant.
“Sure you can, ladybug,” Daddy said.
Greg would tease that now it was Mycroft who was spoiling the kids, but Mycroft wouldn’t mind.  He had seen the past weekend just how happy they could all be together, and he would do what he could to ensure it became a regular occurrence.
And so Sherlock had camped himself in front of the telly, stubbornly refusing to settle down to bed if it meant somehow signalling his approval of his brother’s presence.  Sherlock was not a child at the moment; he did not need Mycroft coddling him.
Sherlock shook his head.
.  Please heed the tags! :)
“He lived in…” Sherlock said when he’d recovered from laughing around his pacifier.
Lestrade flipped off the telly and stood, approaching John.
But as he began to pull out of the gas station, John caught sight of the duffel bag in the back seat, and he glanced up in irritation.
This was originally part of a longer chapter, but the chapter switched perspectives in the middle, so I realized it made more sense to siphon off this section and then have the next chapter begin in a new perspective.  The good news is that means the next chapter is already half written :)
“No more juice upstairs,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock shrugged as he climbed into his chair for lunch.
Bunny stepped further inside and closed the door behind him; it would make as good a hiding place as any.  The room was scarier with the door closed, heavy curtains hanging from the windows to block out the daylight, so Bunny hurried to take refuge beneath the large desk on the side of the room closest to the bookcases.
“After your bath, champ.”
Hair cleaned and body scrubbed, Mycroft told John to stand up, then helped him step out of the tub and onto the bathmat.  He wrapped a towel around him, one of the large ones they used to help John and Sherlock feel small, then ran his hands up and down John’s covered arms to keep him warm.
“Well, this is a nice room, isn't it, Bun?” Mycroft asked, and John, lion hugged to his chest with both arms, glanced around before looking confused.  There was only one bed in the room, and it wasn’t as big as the bed he and Sherlock usually shared back at Baker Street.
“Oh, so sorry, dear.  I was just coming to put away the good china.”
“That’s sweet of you, kiddo,” Mycroft said as he placed Bunny back on the living room couch with a kiss to his forehead.
“You made John feel upset and sad about something that happens to everyone from time to time.  You wouldn’t like it if he teased you.” Mycroft realized Sherlock may in fact enjoy that very much, having a proclivity for humiliation, but at the moment Sherlock seemed adequately chagrined.  “You owe your brother an apology, bud.”
John blinked at her as she placed the blanket into his arms.
Mycroft stood in the doorway, assessing John’s current mindset.  Whatever his appearance, the man had clearly not let himself become Bunny just yet.  His eyes still retained John’s cautiousness; the way he held himself was reminiscent of Doctor Watson far more than Mycroft and Greg’s little princess.  Still fighting headspace, then.
But John shook his head.  He could tell by the look on Sherlock’s face that his eyes had gone dark, that he was the picture of aloof rage.
“I don’t have to be…” he began, but Sherlock raised a hand.
It was clear Bunny was scared Sherlock would leave him, that Sherlock tearing up his paper dolls had frightened Bunny into thinking Sherlock didn’t like him and did not want to spend time with him.  The boy may currently be overcompensating for the distance he had felt earlier that day by gluing himself to his brother now that they had reconciled, but Greg could not help but wonder whether Sherlock’s actions would be viewed in a different light by John once he had aged up.  It was not out of the realm of possibility that the boys would have some troubles in their relationship given all that had come to light over the course of the weekend.  He anticipated they would both feel varying levels of confusion, anger, and vulnerability when they were forced to deal with the events fully out of headspace; Greg just hoped they would both be honest.
“Fuck, that was…” Sherlock was uncharacteristically unable to complete the thought, and John, smirking, leaned over to kiss the man.
Mycroft was careful to give plausible specifics without triggering additional memories.  He could see that Sherlock was taking in the information with skepticism, reading into Mycroft’s body language as well as his words.  He needed to track his brother’s affectation carefully as he continued.
And then John did cry.  He cried because he missed Mycroft and because it had been a hard few days and because the urine was now cold and itchy between his legs and he needed Mycroft to talk out his feelings and he wasn’t there and it wasn’t fair.
John pulled on his bottom lip.
Here's my current plan to address the fact that this story jumped the shark: I'm going to split these current 18 chapters into 2 stories, leaving Chapters 1-6 under the title "A Little Training" in order to potentially (no promises yet, but I'll see if inspiration strikes) continue to just write a cute fluff story, and moving Chapters 7 (which will likely be revised) and on under a new title that covers the more dramatic events of those chapters.  So FYI that in the future you'll likely see that change happen if you have the Little Brothers Mine series bookmarked.  If you like the story as-is, download it or something before the changes are made. It may take me a bit of time to get Chapters 7-18 edited to stand on their own, so I'll try to leave this story as-is until I can switch them over.
They sat across from each other in silence, and John began to wish he had asked Mycroft and Greg to stay.  He ran a hand along the back of his neck.  John may be attuned to emotions in a way Sherlock was not, but that didn’t mean he was prepared to discuss his propensity for calling another man “Daddy” with his boyfriend.  Especially not when that other man was his boyfriend’s older brother.
Warnings for sex (fairly non-explicit, in my mind, but I'm not sure of everyone's tolerance levels) between Greg and Mycroft at the end of this chapter.
But Sherlock wanted his brother’s help, wanted to return to a night like when they were children, before Bunny had come into the picture and when Sherlock really had needed Mycroft desperately.  So, when he could feel the diaper filled, he did not stop peeing.  In fact, he readjusted himself so that he was peeing right against the leg hole of the pull-up, and sure enough he felt the diaper begin to leak, and he was peeing into his clothes and onto the bed sheets.  The warm liquid spread out beneath him in a small puddle, and, by the time his bladder was empty, his pajama pants were saturated and his sheets--forced by the plastic sheet Uncle Greg had put on the bed earlier to absorb all of the liquid--drenched from one edge of the twin mattress to the other.
“And I wanted to make you pay attention,” Sherlock admitted, quickly adding: “but then I felt naughty and didn’t want you to find me, so I called Papa.”
Daddy’s eyebrow raised in displeasure at Bunny’s stomping feet and rather bratty whines.  It was an eyebrow raise Bunny had grown accustomed to seeing whenever Sherlock was naughty, but one he had rarely been on the receiving end of himself.  It made him feel small, and a bit afraid.
“If you suck your thumb?  Not at all.  I’d prefer pacifiers to a thumb as I believe them to be more sanitary, but if your thumb brings you the most comfort, that’s fine with me.”
“Okay, little one,” Mycroft said.  “Let’s go try one more time, hm?” and John nodded and crawled out from under the blankets and across the bed.  He stepped down and hurried across the room to meet Mycroft, who guided him into the bathroom.
Greg nodded, shifting up out of his prone position to sit up.
When at last he felt his bladder empty, he blinked back to awareness.  Mycroft had given him a semblance of privacy by looking away, which Bunny was grateful for, but now he was wet, and littler than ever, and he wanted his Daddy to cuddle.
Sherlock would close himself into the spare bedroom farthest down the hall.  It was the room that Sherlock insisted on staying in when he was in his older moods, far away from the treasure maps and pirate lore of his more childish bedroom at Mycroft’s, which he deemed beneath him.  He’d somehow convinced Mycroft to get him a video game console for the spare telly in the guest room; when he was in moods like the one he was now, he would play for hours on end, only leaving when forced to join them for meals.
It was as he stood in the middle of the room weighing the pros and cons of hiding his wet things behind the bureau or the telly cabinet or beneath the bed that he was startled by a knock on the door.
“You’re alright, baby,” Mycroft said, hushing the blubbering boy.  “We’ll get you all cleaned up and everything will be okay.”
Mycroft nodded and stood from the edge of the bed, crossing to the doorway.
There had been no reason to assume that Mycroft had not been entirely sincere in his question, but there was no arguing that Sherlock was especially sensitive to babying at the moment.  It was a given that, because they’d begun potty training, wet pants held a different connotation than they had previously.  What had once been nothing serious--something Sherlock had done quite often in headspace, intentional or not--suddenly felt significant, a marker of maturity and a standard to remain above.  He’d lost some confidence after he’d had his accident, and was feeling at the moment as if he needed to assert himself as capable.
Bunny nodded, then closed his eyes and cried again.  He didn’t want to explain to Sherlock why he was upset, didn’t want to admit to him that he’d wet the bed.  He just wanted someone to hold him, someone to rub his back and help him clean up.
“Alright,” Uncle Greg said as he relented.
Mycroft paused the movie, which caused Bunny to whine and turn to him, eyes full of betrayal.  He may have been able to make do without hot chocolate, but now Mycroft was denying him the movie, too?
Four days ago, John wetting himself would not have been a particularly significant event.  Hell, he’d even told Mycroft and Greg that he liked it, that he wanted it to become an even more significant part of their ageplay.  But in the light of day, dealing with the everyday stress of adulthood, he could not help but criticize his own desires as somehow perverse, even ridiculous.  A part of him could not help but think he’d brought this current predicament on himself.
It had been Uncle Greg who had settled John back into his Bunny headspace.  When John emerged from the shower after his nap with Sherlock, he found the detective inspector wiping down the mattress cover on Sherlock’s bed, finishing up the clean-up job John had started before the itchiness of urine against his skin prodded him to wash up.
“Can I get glitter stickers, Daddy?” he asked without thinking, not wanting to get his hopes up if there wasn’t the possibility for sparkle.
“I’m fine, Greg,” he repeated, emphatic as he made clear eye contact with the older man.
John smiled at the endearment.  He still felt a bit unsure about exactly how his wetting would fit into the age play family he had been invited into, but he trusted Mycroft would know how to handle each situation as it came up.  He felt relieved to be back in the man’s presence, safe and cared for and accepted.
“This is Doctor John Watson,” Greg said to his mother, taking John by the elbow to pull him into the circle of his closest family.  “I told him Lestrade family Christmas Eve is where stragglers come for the holidays.”
“He begged me afterwards to let him wear underwear,” Mycroft said, realizing they would need to keep a closer watch on the boy in case he showed signs of needing the loo.  “And I agreed.”
“Alright.  Maybe a bit.”
The tub was nearly filled by the time they made their way back into the loo.  John was stripped of his now cold and itching briefs, made to step out of them as Mycroft bent to tug them off.  He was helped into the tub, and John was grateful Mycroft didn’t even give him the option of washing himself.  The older man simply picked up a flannel, soaped it, and began running it along John’s shoulders and back in tight circles.  John allowed himself to be maneuvered, chewing at his lip but finding small moments of comfort when he could forget the shame that came from being a grown man in an adult headspace being bathed.  Mycroft did not speak beyond giving instructions to help facilitate washing, likely a deliberate choice which gave John the opportunity to concentrate on the process rather than the participants.  The quiet of the room--only interrupted by the splashing or trickling sounds of bathwater and the rain hitting gently against the window panes--was grounding.
Sherlock sighed, catching Mycroft’s raised eyebrow and reaching for the lumpy parcel, which he tore into with mock enthusiasm.  His gifted sweater was cable knit, an oatmeal color that made him think of John.  What he wouldn’t give for his boyfriend’s sure, steady presence at the moment.  Mycroft’s was navy blue, a sort of hardy, thick-wooled garment that would serve him rather well, were he a sea captain.   Mycroft made a sarcastic sound of amazement before tossing the sweater and crumbled gift wrap onto the arm of his chair.  Sherlock followed suit, sinking down into his chair and kicking his feet up onto the coffee table.
“I know you’re feeling very little right now,” Mycroft said, continuing to rock him in his arms, “But I do want to address your concerns.  First of all, Dimitri’s job is to keep you safe and happy.  He could never hate you, especially for something as small as letting him have a few restful days with his friends at Baker street.”
Mycroft was between Sherlock and Bunny in an instant, and he took Bunny by the arm and yanked him to a standing position.
Thank you all for sticking with me even when it takes me much too long to update!
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was more difficult to lift than Bunny.  Mycroft had learned the tricks to navigating the man’s long limbs over the years, but it had taken a bit of trial and error on Greg’s.  Lately, however, the man seemed to have gotten used to shifting Sherlock up onto his hip in just the right way, and the boy was accommodating enough to anyone willing to carry him that he made the task as easy as possible, latching his legs around Greg’s waist and looping his arms about his neck.
“We didn’t find him,” he said, as if the details were close at hand.  “He was locked away somewhere, and I never saw him again.”
“I could always get you a stuffy and a pacifier if that’s what it will take for you to accept you could do with some caring for,” Greg joked.
Greg swallowed a string of nasty language and grabbed tissues from a box across the room on the desk, sopping up as much liquid as he could.  He left the tissues to absorb the sticky medicine and pulled back the sheets and blankets in order to help Bunny out of bed so they could visit the bathroom.  But as he moved to lift the boy out of bed, he noticed a portion of the boy’s nightgown darkening, and a spreading wet patch on the sheets beneath where the boy lay.  Greg sighed for what felt the twentieth time since being woken up by Sherlock.
He returned to the bathroom in high spirits to find his good little bunny playing quietly with his mermaids.
“You heard the little one,” Greg said, smirking.  “We wanna movie!”
It was Uncle Greg who suggested dress-up after lunch.  He'd been scouring the lake house attic, looking for a toolkit he could use to repair a shutter which had come loose during the storm, and had come across an old trunk of theatrical costumes, elaborate clothing clearly abandoned by some previous owners before the home had become a rental property.  The late morning thunderstorms had passed, but they had given way to a steady dribbling rain which would keep the boys inside for the remainder of the day.  Dress-up was Uncle Greg’s idea of a fun rainy day activity.
“Not a bit,” Mycroft said, refilling their glasses.  “If anything I felt disappointed in myself for not ensuring that Greg take you both to the bathroom periodically throughout the day.  I should have known you would be overwhelmed.  It was your first extended trip out in public while in headspace without me.”
-Intelligence from MH.-
“Good boy,” Papa said, but Sherlock sneered and turned his face away with a whine.
His face blazing with embarrassment, Bunny took the hand out from between his legs and, head bent to watch, began to wee.  He sighed in relief, urine streaming to soak the crotch of his undies before beginning to spread beneath him across the blanket.  Bunny pressed the bulk of the blanket between his legs as he weed, the moisture quickly being wicked away by the fabric.  Greg glanced away after he knew the boy had released, but the sound of Bunny’s stream told him the kid had been holding for a while, that he’d been desperate.
Initially, he was confused as to why he was sleeping in Sherlock’s room, but as he came into himself he vaguely remembered resting in Uncle Greg’s arms, half-asleep, as Sherlock insisted that Bunny sleep in his room so he could prove just how responsible of a big brother he could be.  John had been too tired to care where he was put to bed, having been moments from sleep since Uncle Greg had first begun reading the new storybook he had bought them after dinner.  Amazingly, the man had managed to find a children’s book about a Bunny pirate.
Uncle Greg had told Sherlock the truth.  He had been there when Sherlock had needed him in the middle of the night, unlike Mycroft.
The lake house was small but comfortable, all wooden beams and whitewashed furniture.  There was a big kitchen attached to the living room, where large couches sat in front of a large television in a room surrounded by built-in bookcases, and a half bathroom just off the entryway.  Upstairs were two bedrooms in addition to a master bedroom en-suite as well as a hallway bath.
And despite the fact that they were four grown men sharing one bed, they fell asleep curled against each other, Mycroft and Greg protecting their boys from the darkness.
“Okay, baby,” Greg said, praying to gods he didn’t believe in that no one pulled up beside them to witness what was happening.  “You can do your wee.”
“Everything alright?”
“Sherlock William Scott, open this door right now.”
In Sherlock’s room, he turned on the small desk lamp, tossed the pajamas into the laundry hamper, and began to strip the bed.  The boy had soaked through his sheets and the woven blanket Mycroft had made the bed with, but luckily the boy’s comforter had been spared.  He found some clean blue sheets in the linen closet across from the bathroom, and after a quick wipe-down of the plastic sheet, Sherlock’s bed had been re-made and Greg was gathering fresh pajamas and the ever-important pull-up to take back into the bathroom.
“We will be discussing your recklessness last night at the bar,” Mycroft said, causing John to clear his throat and self-consciously rub at the bruise on his cheek.  “For now, tell me what the two of you discussed.”
“Yeah, bud.  I was just checking to make sure you were all tucked in.”
What if the creature got tired of waiting and decided to snatch Bunny right out of bed? What if the thing with sunken eyes and decaying skin stole him away from Daddy and Papa and Sherlock, crawling on all fours as he pulled him away?  Bunny wailed.
Greg walked John back and forth throughout the flat’s rooms as John bawled, rubbing his back and whispering into his ear that he was safe and that Mycroft would come see him just as soon as he could and that he was a good boy for being so brave while his daddy was gone.
“Papa and I were thinking we could go shopping once we’re back in London, Bunny,” Daddy said when breakfast was over and he'd begun clearing the dishes.  “Get you another nightgown or two, maybe some new play clothes.  And you can pick out some stickers for your chart.  Would you like that?”
Hi, lovelies--hope you're all doing well!
"How long ago did you take the drugs, lad?" John asked.  Sherlock was acting the way some of John’s youngest patients acted when they were injured.  He knew if he didn’t want a complete melt-down, he would need to speak softly and with encouragement.
“You’re alright, honey Bun,” his Daddy said, first pulling off the nightshirt Bunny was so desperate to keep clean to ensure it escaped any urine and then wrapping him in a hug.
He could hear muffled voices through the doorway, and then John’s voice called to Sherlock from the hallway.
Greg proceeded to explain the events of the day, the shifts from a happy-go-lucky Bunny to a moody, argumentative kid wandering away and putting up outward shows of defiance in the store.  He briefly mentioned the stress Bunny had shown to feel about his affinity towards nightgowns and paper dolls.  Mycroft could see that there was more in Greg’s mind regarding the topic, and he knew they’d need to find the time to chat more fully regarding their conflicting beliefs over indulging this aspect of Bunny’s personality.  For now, however, they needed to deal with the issue at hand.
“That’s it,” Mycroft said, face hard and voice angry.  He had waited out Sherlock’s tantrum, one hand reached out and placed on John’s knee for comfort while he simply stared until Sherlock had exhausted himself and sat quiet and limp in the seat.  “We’ve given you plenty of leeway this morning, Sherlock, but that type of language and behavior is unacceptable.  You will be punished.”
He cried because he wanted Papa and because he’d wet his pants, because he’d let everyone down and because John and Mycroft were going to be so disappointed because he hadn't hurt himself in so long.  But most of all, he cried because the hopeless thoughts had been with him all day, because nothing he’d tried had made them go away and he’d only succeeded in making everything worse.
John could not help but chuckle at the boy’s tendency to view Bunny as an entirely separate entity from his adult self.  If he’d ever had doubts that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to separate their ageplay life from their everyday lives, they had long since been put to rest.
It's been a very rough few days for me, but things are thankfully looking up.  Hope the world right now is bright and positive for all of you, as well!  Thanks again for your continued support--your comments and kudos really do mean so, so much <3
He lifted John and carried him to his place at the table, where John settled his baby blanket around his lap and placed his lion in the chair next to him to keep her from getting dirty.  He ate greedily, knowing Sherlock wasn’t there to tease.
“Please, My,” he said, cheeks reddening at the necessity of saying it aloud. “I need you to spank me.”
Mycroft gathered the crying boy into his arms--wet clothes be damned--and cradled him to his chest as Greg stepped forward and rubbed his back.  The boy was still speaking, and they had to strain to understand him over his hitching sobs.
“Hm?” he sounded.
“Oh, little one,” Greg sighed.  He lifted Sherlock into his lap.  Sherlock tried to squirm away, half-heartedly protesting because his clothes were practically dripping with pee, but Greg held him close and told him he didn't mind one bit.
He glanced back at Bunny, who was rubbing at an eye, sleepy as he ran his fingers over the belly of his stuffed rabbit.  This was not a conversation for the baby to hear, and Mycroft stepped back to cover his ears.
“I sat out here in case he decided to run,” Greg explained, part of him needing to convince Mycroft he had at least taken responsibility for his mistake.  “And he did try.  But, when he opened the door, he saw me and decided against leaving.  Now he’s barricaded himself inside.”
Sherlock shook his head.  He knew Papa had only wanted him to fall asleep and get rest last night, but he’d told him Mycroft would be there in the morning, and now he wasn’t.  Mycroft had been with Bunny all night.  What about him?
“That’s right, sweetheart,” Papa said, ruffling his hair.  “Now go and give your brother a kiss and see if you can’t get rid of that sad face.”
Sherlock moaned and bent nearly in half, legs pressed together tightly and hands clenched at his sides.
But Sherlock stared at him, and John realized arguing on the side of Mycroft might not be the best course of action to take at the moment.  Not when he had just gotten Sherlock back.  He nodded an apology and turned to leave the room.
But John was not there, and all Sherlock could manage was a mumbled, “Do you like him better than me?” as he fiddled with a spare puzzle piece, the same question he had never asked all those years ago, about the Australian pen pal.
But Bunny could not be comforted by Sherlock.  He wanted Mycroft, and he wanted him now.
“You know, each time you double the number of pieces in a jigsaw puzzle you quadruple the difficulty level?” He asked, slouched in his chair.
Spending the night in his old bedroom was not exactly among his top five Christmas Eve activities, but at the moment he had more to worry about than the self-deprecating thoughts his old bedroom conjured within him about his teenage loneliness.  He had a nearly regressed Sherlock in the other room, hadn’t heard from John at all, and Greg had been rather uncommunicative after texting that he was on his way to pick up the Bunny, responding to Mycroft’s texts with vague responses that left more questions than answers.
“Is that a promise?” Mycroft asked, pulling away from Greg’s touch until he looked him in the eye.
Mycroft smiled and nodded.  “Just like, bud.  Now show your little brother how big boys use the loo.”
“He does feel a bit overheated,” Greg mused.  “Could just be the bath, though.”
“I’m not a baby!” Sherlock yelled.  “I don't want a pull-up.  I'm a big boy and I hate you!”
“Hey, hey, no tears now,” Mycroft said.  “That’s no problem.  We’ll put you in your big boy undies and then figure out next steps, okay?”
After a moment where he yanked on his pajama shirt some more, Sherlock began to speak.  He only made quick, passing eye contact with Bunny.  Mycroft had the impulse to remind Sherlock to keep eye contact, a struggle for Sherlock both big and little, but he kept quiet, not wanting to distract the boy from his apology.
“You have certainly earned yourself a time-out, and I'm sure Uncle Greg will be glad to hear your apology,” Mycroft said, almost regretting what was coming next given the boy’s admirable insistence on giving into his usual punishment.  “But wandering away from Uncle Greg is a bit more serious.  You could have been hurt or lost.”
Sending you all bunny kisses, as always!
“Come sit with me, love bug,” Mycroft said, taking a seat on the bed and patting the space beside him.
“Alright, baby.  Let’s take you down to apologize to Daddy and have a little timeout.”
“It’s, ah, it’s alright,” John had said, standing from what had become his bench over the past three hours to glance at the schedule.  “There’s a train coming in forty minutes.  I should have noticed before I called you, but, ah, I can take it back to London.”
“In trouble, Papa?” Bunny asked when minutes had passed without Greg finding words.
“Just a bad dream, kid,” Sherlock said, his eyes closed and head leaned back when Bunny glanced up to look at him.  “We’ll be okay.”
John hummed in the back of his throat, then took a deep breath in.
Mycroft, wanting to take the attention away from a now clearly anxious John, had made the statement purposefully, knowing it would set Sherlock off into screams of protest.  They had spoken with Sherlock about the bedwetter pants they had begun using as pull-up diapers for a few weeks now, and the man had agreed to their use out of practicality and for their ability to keep him young.  They made him wear one any time of the day when he miscalculated and wet himself, and Mycroft suspected his brother rather liked them.  Although Sherlock did have genuine bladder control issues after years of not paying attention to his bodily needs and overestimating his ability to hold it, Mycroft knew there had been a time or two recently where Sherlock had wet himself purposefully in order to be put into a pull-up.  Sherlock rarely asked for affection, and being changed into a pull-up after wetting allowed him to feel shamed yet cared for, Sherlock's perfect combination, Mycroft knew.  That didn't mean, however, that he didn't rail against them while in headspace.  Little Sherlock had never been fond of being made to feel babyish, and had always been fond of throwing tantrums.
“I’ll be the Mama and you’ll be the baby,” Bunny said as she dug through the costume bin to choose pieces of clothing which she pushed into Sherlock’s arms.
A moment later Bunny hurried into the kitchen, a bit breathless.
“Ariel,” John said, nodding.  He had named the lion after The Little Mermaid.  Mycroft had read to him one night from a book of Hans Christian Andersen fairy tales and, after seeing how much John had liked hearing about mermaids and the ocean, had shown him the Disney movie one afternoon while Sherlock and Greg had played a board game in the kitchen.  Sherlock had teased John for using a girl’s name for his lion and had called him girly for liking mermaids, but Mycroft had put Sherlock in the corner and told John it was a lovely name and both boys and girls could like whatever they pleased.
Sherlock grunted in what may have been an acknowledgement of John’s question but was likely only a tactic meant to get John to leave him alone.
“That’s my good boy,” Mycroft said, and in a rare acceptance of praise, Sherlock grinned.
“No!  I hate you and I hate this fucking trip and I want to go home!” Sherlock shouted, fully aware he was behaving like anything except a rational adult but unable to keep himself calm.  It felt good to prod and yell, and swearing and sassing his brother kept him from slipping down into the neediness of a younger headspace.
Sherlock nodded as he moved the sharks around underwater, bumping them into each other and then squeezing them to take water into their bellies.  He squirted water along the side of the tub next to him, giggling gently before coughing once more.  Greg counted himself lucky that Sherlock had woken up young and quiet.  He didn’t like the fact that his boys were both sick, but he did find it a relief that Sherlock was too tired to second-guess his behaviors and force himself older.  The warm tub was good for Sherlock’s congestion as well as his mental state, and was already setting the boy back into a sleepy complacency.
Mycroft sighed.
Sherlock shrugged.  The boy was getting antsy; he would not put up with conversation and coddling for much longer.
“It’s true, Uncle Greg,” Sherlock said, “Lakes are temperamental and people swim and introduce bad bacterial microbes into the water that aren't indigenous to the ecosystem.”
“Hey, none of that,” Greg said, taking Mycroft by the shoulders.  “The kid felt comfortable enough to express himself as he truly was, today.  I’m not about to minimize the progress that shows, no matter what consequences it's had.  I don’t know what’s got you so worried, love, but I do know none of this is your fault.”
“I can assure you, Lestrade’s seen and dealt with far worse.  You were in headspace,” Mycroft repeated.  “Even if you hadn't been, you did nothing wrong.  You’re okay, now.”
John knew he should pull himself together and assure Greg’s mother that he was just fine.  He should suck it up and put on a brave face and trek back into the family room to wait out the rest of the evening.  But, exhausted and frustrated and already tipped towards the wrong side of headspace, he found himself nodding, pleased to have the decision taken from him.  She gestured for him to follow, then led him down the hallway and upstairs to a bedroom crowded with trophies and football posters.
Bunny was doing his best not to get ice cream on either of the toys or on Sherlock’s pirate shirt, but Bunny’s hands were sticky with melted ice cream, and Sherlock was grateful when Mycroft leaned back and asked the Bunny to hold out his hands so he could wipe them clean with a baby wipe.  Both boys were sticky around their mouths with ice cream, but Sherlock didn't mind.
Bunny shifted a bit where he stood, and his voice was timid when he spoke.
“Let’s go to bed,” he said, resting his chin on Mycroft’s shoulder.  “I’m sure Sherlock will be fine.”
Greg was content in the knowledge that he was holding the kid accountable for his actions without confusing him by punishing violence with violence.  Mycroft had told him it was his responsibility to discipline John, and Greg had done exactly that, in the way he saw fit.
Warnings for mentions of self-harm--please, please steer clear if you're feeling vulnerable or may be triggered today.  If you are feeling vulnerable this week, please know that you're valued and loved, and that the world wants and needs you.  I'm here to chat if you need someone to listen (you can leave a comment here or message me privately through
“You’re safe, now,” Daddy was saying once they were alone.  “I’ve got you.  Just breathe, baby.”
Mycroft didn’t need to say any more.  Even the insinuation that he may have cause to take the night off seemed to aggravate Sherlock, who stood from the kitchen table and retreated to the living room, where he threw himself down on the couch, all the while typing and switching between websites.
P.P.S. Look at
Mycroft sighed and, after reaching to retrieve the remote, turned off the telly.  Bunny was crying, his face buried in the crook of his crossed arms.  He looked small and pitiful hiding his face against the arm of the couch, and Mycroft was almost regretful that the kid had a timeout coming to him.
“Okay, kiddo,” Mycroft conceded, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair lazily. "Five more minutes."
John ran a hand over the back of his neck.
“Movie night?” Sherlock asked, leaping up to kneel on his chair.  “Can we watch Pirates of the Caribbean, Uncle Greg?”
“This is not a negotiation, Sherlock.”
John was calm and little for the first time in nearly a month, and he could not help but feel a strong sense of contented relief.  He smiled into his Daddy’s shoulder and allowed himself to rest his eyes as his Papa and Daddy sipped tea and spoke softly over his head about elections and grocery shopping and work colleagues.  At another time, he would be following their train of thought, eager to contribute his own ideas and questions.  But, at the moment, he was content to listen to nothing more than the familiar hum of their voices as he revelled in the warmth of his Daddy’s chest and envisioned his training chart full of sparkly, shining stickers, each one labeling him a good, smart boy.
"Yes, baby?"
“It’s 9:45 at the moment,” Sherlock said, his voice now no-nonsense where it had been glib a moment before.  “I estimate we have another hour at the most.  Start explaining.”
Bunny rubbed at his eyes and curled himself up into a ball.  Crying made his throat burn, but he couldn’t stop the tears, despite trying.
“Mycroft, why does Bunny get to wear undies to bed?” Sherlock asked, indignant, with a mouthful of toothpaste.
“I have to be big,” Sherlock said, worry lines creasing his forehead as he wiped at a tearful eye with the back of his wrist.
, Greg said.  And then:
“Okay, kiddo,” Uncle Greg said.  “Finish your breakfast, then we’ll head on upstairs and get you changed outta your jammies before we’re on our way.”
There was a break in the sobbing after what might have been a shocked gasp, silence taking over for long enough that John began to think he may be forced to let himself in unwelcomed.  But just as he raised a fist to knock once more, the door opened, and a chagrined, tear-stained Sherlock stood before him.
He stood from the bed and gathered the nightgown and plush bunny.
“What’s that, bud?” he asked, obviously still distracted by Bunny’s abnormal behavior.  Uncle Greg had gone to wash up the dishes in the kitchen and to keep an eye on the bunny.
“Sometimes big brothers have accidents and sometimes little brothers have accidents,” Mycroft said.  “That doesn’t change the fact that you’re Bunny’s big brother.”
“It’s for me?” he asked, wondering when the last time he had received a gift had been.
John struggled not to cough on his tea.  He tried to think back in his interactions with Sherlock.  Sure, there had been times he’d guessed the man needed the loo, times he’d been squirmy or agitated, but John had never paid it much attention.  It wasn’t something you tended to think too much about when it came to men of their age.
“Ready, kiddo?”
“I would suggest you cease flopping about like a fish and sit up so that we can process your decisions today.”
A quick note that I went back and edited Chapter 12 since I realized it would make much more sense for John to get into a fight with Anderson instead of a random forensics member.  Not to mention I'm sure Greg would be much more likely to convince Anderson not to take things further in terms of assault charges than he would to convince someone else.  And, it's always fun to bring in a familiar character!
Sherlock glanced over to Bunny, who had turned away from the cartoons and was looking up at Mycroft with something between longing and fear.  Sherlock knew Bunny rarely left the house while in headspace.  He also knew the man was far less of a homebody than was Sherlock, and it was likely he was going a bit stir-crazy after so many days at the lake house.
“You come?” John asked after he had stepped into the underwear and then a pair of trousers, peeking up at Mycroft.  There was no doubt that little John was rather attached to Mycroft, that he truly only felt safe in Mycroft’s care.  Poor Lestrade, who the boys had long known was more than an acquaintance to Mycroft despite the appearance the men gave off in public, had been through quite a few difficult nights babysitting when Mycroft was called away for work, nights filled with a teary and frightened John only made better by the excitement Sherlock showed when Lestrade came to watch them; Sherlock was always cheekily on his best behavior when Lestrade cared for them, behavior which far surpassed even Sherlock’s least difficult days with Mycroft or an adult John.
“John, I--”
Papa only glanced across the kitchen with worry towards Mycroft, however.  Mycroft was keeping an eye on Bunny while simultaneously watching the conversation between Sherlock and Papa.  He had a hand resting on the back of Bunny's neck, and was nodding at the boy as he energetically chattered and sorted through stickers, holding up first one style and then another for Mycroft’s input.  Sherlock turned to press his face back into the darkness of his crossed arms when Papa turned back towards him.
John nodded; he hadn’t gone on the train, and had started to feel the need over an hour ago.  He’d been trying to keep from squirming on the station bench for the past half hour, the cold making his need rather pressing, causing him to glance around in case there was a secluded spot he could sneak away to should the matter become urgent.
“I’ll take care of it,” Uncle Greg said when Mycroft turned to follow after Sherlock.  “You look after the little one.”
“Sherlock?” he asked, suddenly dreading what his boyfriend had obviously been building up to saying.  Had he not forgiven John after all? Was he disgusted that John had basically chosen to lie in bed and wet himself?  Was he going to refuse to speak to Mycroft and return to being angry at Bunny?
“Kids lie,” Greg said, shrugging as he stood to reach a piece he fit into the bottom left corner of the puzzle.  “He was embarrassed, is all.”
Bunny spent a moment longer running his finger along the seam of the alligator’s snout before he glanced up and said, “Pull-ups, please.”
Sherlock sighed and sat up until he was leaning against the headboard.
“It’s been a tough few days, I know.  But we have to talk about the bad thoughts to combat them.”
“Don’t go, Papa,” Bunny said, breaking down into tears and clinging to his Papa when he tried to put him down after cuddling him for a moment.
“Let’s get some food in that belly, alright?” Mycroft suggested, rolling down his sleeves so he could put his suit coat back on before they went inside.  Sherlock would tease his brother later for being the only man who wore a suit on vacation.
Sherlock laid his head against Mycroft’s chest before speaking.
Bunny nodded, and while he was coming to trust that Papa and Daddy really were okay with Bunny wanting to be a princess, he could not help but feel that Sherlock wouldn't like it, could not help but wonder what Sherlock would say.
Mycroft glanced over his shoulder towards Greg and raised an eyebrow before speaking.
Uncle Greg nodded.
“It was hard for you to transition down, today, wasn’t it, buddy?” Greg asked, guiding Sherlock to look up at him by crooking his finger beneath his chin.
Mycroft smiled at the boy and sighed; John had heard Uncle Greg earlier teasing that John’s daddy was a pushover when it came to John, and John hoped it was true that he couldn't say no to him.
This chapter is broken into two parts: part one deals with the after effects of Sherlock's little stunt at the pub (it's John's turn when they get back to Baker street); part two shows John finally giving into (or, in reality, being a bit forced into) headspace and slipping down into his little Bunny self at long last.
“Pretty,” Bunny said as he admired Sherlock’s scribbles.
John was jerked awake by a feeling that he was being watched.  He immediately sat up and reached to pull open the drawer of his bedside table, feeling around for his gun before realizing that he was not in his room at Baker Street, and that it was Mycroft who had been watching him, Mycroft who was currently approaching him from where he’d been seated.
Greg seemed to understand, and he reached to ruffle John’s hair before pulling him bodily into a bear hug, most likely seeing the smallness John was desperately working to mask.  It would all be so much easier if he could be little, chasing the rest of the kids from room to room instead of making small talk and fielding too-personal medical questions from hypochondriacal Great Aunts.
“I missed you, too, princess,” Papa said, returning the hug before settling Bunny comfortably into his lap.  “I was worried about you all day.”
Bunny had brought his thumb to his mouth, but he continued to sob.  Mycroft knew the boy was likely crying for more than just his wet pants.  John had stepped up to care for Sherlock without question, obviously suppressing his own needs in order to do so.  Another pang of guilt caught at the base of Mycroft’s throat; he’d known in the back of his mind that he’d been leaving John to clean up his mess after the conversation that morning.
And now Sherlock was close to tears, eyes shining behind the wet hair falling into his face.  The thunderstorm was pounding outside and in the darkened room Sherlock looked pitiful and alone, somehow younger than his age.  John fumbled in his pocket and drew out his mobile.
But John shook his head.  He didn't want to admit what had happened to Mycroft.  He wasn't ready.
Sherlock shifted to press his padded crotch against John’s, and it was John’s turn to moan.
Bunny could not help but feel tears well up in his eyes.  Daddy’s words were laced in disappointment.
“Bunny needs me to be his Daddy, Lock.  You can understand that because he feels it in the same way you feel the need for me to be your big brother,” he said.  “Would you want me to be Bunny’s big brother instead of his Daddy?”
Bunny seemed to realize what was happening just as Greg did.  He reached a hand down to feel the wet fabric and, understanding that he was wetting his bed, dissolved into whimpering tears.
Bunny whined and turned to hide his face in a pillow.
Mycroft chuckled, and could not help but tease.
And then Bunny was alone, and wetting his pants didn’t seem like such a great idea now that the accident was over.  He pressed his hand against the dark circle of pee spread beneath him on the rug, could feel the liquid already cooling beneath him and sticking to the skin of his legs.  This hadn’t been an accident at all, and Daddy hadn’t even noticed and had called him a boy again, and now Bunny felt naughty and sad.  What had he done?
Before John could protest, she had her hand on his shoulder and was guiding him towards the bunk beds.  In the small, warm room, only the distant sounds of chatter and laughter signalled the buzz of the house below.  Greg's old bedroom was quiet, and it felt so much warmer than the first floor of the house, with its drafty windows and constantly opening and closing doors as guests came and went.  Going back downstairs seemed like an insurmountable task, and he was suddenly blinking back tears once more.
“Not for Mycroft or myself,” he explained, forcing himself to meet his brother’s gaze.  “But Mycroft is certain the dynamic plays into John and Sherlock’s sexual relationship.”
He was wearing underwear.  If he wet there would be no hiding it.  But he was comfortable and safe from the thunder beneath the sheets, and if he left Sherlock’s presence there was no telling the mood he might find Sherlock in when he returned.
Sherlock snorted a laugh and pressed his face into John’s side.  John skirted his fingers down along Sherlock’s ribcage, tickling him, and Sherlock squealed in protest.
“Good boy,” Greg smiled when the boy gazed up at him with pride over the dry pull-up, seemingly just realizing he had not wet it during the night.
Bunny glanced up with interest, so Greg continued on, explaining to John how he asked for a firefighter’s outfit one year for Christmas, then detailing the games he would play in the backyard with his big brothers, saving cats from trees and playing with the garden hose to put out pretend fires.
Mycroft sighed.
Sherlock glanced up.  If there was one thing his brother refused to do, it was apologize, especially when doing so implicated Mycroft in any type of wrongdoing.  But it was clear from his tone of voice and the expression on his face that Mycroft was sincere.
This chapter was an interesting challenge, as I wanted to explore the impact the events of the previous few chapters had on both Sherlock and Mycroft in alternating perspectives.  Hopefully it worked out!
Bunny began shimmying out of his jeans as Greg left to pop open the boot of the car.  He was hoping he’d remembered correctly about having an old blanket tucked away somewhere, and was relieved when he found it pressed beside the spare tire.
“Almost done,” Mycroft said.
“I spilled my juice,” Sherlock said, allowing himself to be manhandled.  “I was trying to clean it up.  I didn’t wanna get in trouble.”
“Better?” he asked a Bunny who had already rested his head on Greg’s shoulder.
The kid glared at him with a contempt Greg was far more accustomed to from an irritated Sherlock than from his usually mild-mannered Bunny.   He stomped in place but then grasped onto the edge of the cart, and Greg considered that a win.  As soon as they reached the checkout, however, John released the cart and stormed through the lane to throw himself down onto a bench near the exit of the store.  Greg knew he could not go after him without causing a scene, and he could keep an eye on the kid from where a woman was beginning to scan his items, so he vowed to get out of there as quickly as possible, where he would be better able to deal with Bunny.  He hoped anyone who’d seen John storming away from him simply thought they were having a little domestic dispute.  Thankfully, the checkout woman said nothing as she scanned the items and told Greg his total.
“And the cuts on his arms?  You seemed to know to ask about them.”
17 hours and 26 minutes.
But instead of letting himself cry, he ducked down under the sheet, joining Sherlock in the warm darkness.  The air in the bedroom was humid from the building moisture all morning, but Sherlock seemed to not mind or to stubbornly ignore the sheen of sweat across his body.  They would be cool soon enough; the rain had brought a chiller breeze, and the bedroom was already shifting in temperature as the storm grew.
Mycroft hummed his assent.  “We’ll need to settle on one eventually.  Your own, separate from Sherlock’s.  For now, what do you think about the household rules?”
He stood from his place at the edge of the mattress with a groan.  He did not have the mental energy to argue, but he knew he was in for a disagreement.
They were two hours into the trip, and Mycroft was not doing a very good job of keeping himself from frustration.  Sherlock had been quietly moody for a blessed forty-five minutes, leaving Mycroft with his thoughts and a quiet morning drive, but his little brother had soon started grumbling about the traffic they’d hit and the boredom he felt, shifting in his seat and complaining about the length of the drive.  He spent long minutes kicking against the footwell and incessantly changing the radio station before attempting to distract himself with his phone, and when that proved futile he took up complaining and whining once more in an endless cycle that was testing Mycroft’s last nerve.
“No time,” Mycroft said, immediately preparing for whatever situation lay ahead by shifting into no-nonsense crisis mode.  “Explain.”
“You made the decision you thought was right at that time,” Greg said, hating how hard Mycroft always was on himself.  “Keeping Sherlock from his parents would have started a slippery slope where it was okay for him to stay away from them.  Your parents may not be the best example of a welcoming home, but it’s important that you reinforce the bond that’s linking you from time to time.”
Greg nodded and stood from the couch while the previews began.  He returned a moment later with a sippy cup filled with watered down grape juice (a Mycroft rule involving lowering John and Sherlock’s sugar intakes), which John thanked him for and began drinking from eagerly.  He hadn’t said anything to Uncle Greg, but he had missed his sippy cup at dinner, when Greg had just given him a regular glass of water which John had drunk very carefully so as not to spill.
“Yes, bud?”
We've reached the final chapter of this story!  It's been an interesting one, and certainly kept moving to new and unexpected places, but it was fun to explore Bunny's feminine side and the reaction of each other family member in turn.
“What are you sorry for, love?” Mycroft asked.
“What do you think of John in all of this?” Mycroft asked.  His mind had been on the doctor all day.  He had watched John as closely as he dared throughout the afternoon and early evening, and the man had clearly withdrawn into himself after Sherlock’s attempted joke.
Hi, loves!
“Come on, no fibs on Christmas or Santa might just have to take back your presents,” he said with a smile, attempting the lightheartedness at which Greg was so skilled.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade and Mycroft both chided at the same time.  John certainly was always the younger of the two, but he hated to be called the baby.  Sherlock knew this, and used the term unapologetically and harshly.
“It’s all over, little bunny,” Mycroft assured him.  And then, to settle his own worries:  “Are you okay, baby boy?”
“I’m not some little kid,” Sherlock scoffed, arms crossed and hair falling over his eyes.  “I don’t need a stupid chart made for babies.”
“Today was rough, huh?”
“I, ah…,” John said, floundering a bit to find an appropriate place to start.  Discussing emotions was not particularly John’s forte while adult, and it definitely was not Sherlock’s.  “Are you...feeling okay about it all?”
“Thank you, Daddy,” he said.
“Okay, little unicorn,” Papa said at last, standing from the bed with Bunny in his arms.  “What do you say to a little Papa and Bunny night tonight?”
“Sure thing, kiddo,” he said, nodding to the pull-up in Bunny’s hand.  “Would you like some help putting it on?”
"It's a stupid puzzle!  I hate it!"
“I...wasn’t there for him before,” Mycroft admitted.  “At least not in the way I should have been.  I was...distracted, aloof.  I won’t be the one to cause him a repeat of that upset.”
“Loneliness may be the easy choice,” Greg said, pressing himself close enough to kiss Mycroft on the cheek.  “But it’s not worth it in the long run.”
Mycroft and Greg had planned a low-key afternoon and evening for their boys, knowing Sherlock particularly would still be in an adjustment stage as he continued to slip more resolutely into headspace.  Travelling always made for trying days and there was no telling how difficult it might be to put the boys down in separate rooms; Greg and Mycroft planned dinner, a movie, and then lights out.  Mycroft was particularly glad they had made the arrangements for an afternoon in after helping John to clean up from his accident; it was clear the man needed quiet space to process without over stimulation.  The boys played with their toys in the living room while Mycroft and Greg began preparing for an early dinner.
