He heard a collective sigh of relief from the other end of the communicator and huffed out a quiet laugh as he started towards the headstone he’d visited too many times.
They had to regroup. Rogers could even begin to admit that seeing what Tony had pulled off had only strengthened his want for the genius. He agreed with Buck, not that he had to say it out loud.
It wasn’t until the genius had made it into the doorway that he realized he could have run. If he were younger, it meant that the injuries that had slowed him down were gone.
Without warning Natasha had taken silent steps and put a bullet straight through the man’s temple. She didn’t even flinch as blood sprayed her body, the other technician letting out a shriek of fear at seeing his coworkers’ body fall to the ground.
So finding himself waking up at two in the morning was no surprise, the sweat running down his face in rivulets. Tony threw a hand over the soft blue light of the Arc Reactor, trying to catch his breath so that he didn’t fall into a full blown panic attack.
Instead of handing it to Tony right away, she took her seat beside him and held it out so that Tony could use both hands to grab a hold of the hot mug.
“Grilled cheese and tomato soup, it’s lunch time. I was going to go wake you after I finished eating, but obviously, you’re set.” She turned away, getting back to her meal like having Tony show up halfway through her lunch was routine.
Tony hadn’t seen the craft since he had awoken, so he was surprised when, after pressing a few buttons on the wall, the thing lifted from an underground storage area.
“Tony?” Peter was scared, the tone was obvious as he tried to understand what was running through his mentor’s mind.
It wasn’t until two days later that he finally managed to get Peter alone. The group had fallen for the A.I.’s lie about taking stock, and had stopped questioning why the five suits were slowly moving everything into the escape ship. Only Rhodey had thrown suspicious looks Tony’s way but hadn’t verbalized his thoughts… yet.
When he received confused looks from the men and teenager around him, the genius shrugged. “I can almost guarantee they’re going to track any data related to this press conference. It’ll be like a homing beacon, he’s waiting for us to look it up.”
“Buck?” When the man looked up like an overeager puppy, he continued. “What happened? At the warehouse, I mean.” Tony inwardly cursed, he had never been someone to fumble or stutter over his words. He’d always been the easy going, smooth talker. But the fear in his gut was still present.
When they landed, it was on the outskirts of a large city that Tony hadn’t visited before. The buildings weren’t skyscrapers, but it still had an equal amount of people walking around so that it would be easier to get lost in the crowd. Carol, after Tony had stepped out of the suit clutching his wounded arm, grabbed onto his shoulder and all but steered him into what looked like an abandoned subway.
Steve laughed, and leaned forward. Just as Bucky had done so, the blond stole a laughing kiss from Tony before turning away to rummage through the dresser.
However, five minutes in the woman lost her battle. Unable to do so any longer, Tony whimpered and started to openly sob, body shaking so badly that it wasn’t hard to convince Bucky to turn him away from the sight. The genius buried his face in the crook of the man’s neck, curling into himself as much as he could to look away from the terrible loss of what had obviously been a wonderful human being.
Tony couldn’t deny that the idea of leaving the soldiers was difficult. He was ready to leave, to go back to a semi-freedom that came without someone hovering over his shoulder. But there was a feeling in the pit of his stomach that also told him what was happening was wrong. Despite everything, a small part wanted nothing more than to cling to Steve and Bucky, and never leave. To be taken care of and never worry about anything.
Dun Dun DUN!!!!! So.... is Tony going to be able to get out of there? Will he want to? And does Loki actually know what's going on, or is he just find the whole situation amusing? ;) Stay tuned! Leave comments, you guys give me some great ideas ;)
Maybe it was the fact that he had gone so long without having something go wrong, that he just imagined there was no other way?
“Flerken is the best cat daddy, you’ll see!” Peter said cheerfully, smiling brightly when the door opened to reveal a changed Bucky holding a pile of clothes.
“I have,” Tony spoke softly, a smile gracing his lips. “My favorite was this one kid that I had to get out of Queens. I didn’t realize it at the time, but he’d basically become my son, you know?”
Tony figured that if he had to wait for the team to come back from the side of the building in which he didn’t have any access, then he’d at least enjoy himself. He set the bowl on the table in front of one of the sofas and flipped on the television.
“A Hulk room, so he can be all green and not destroy anyone… a hulk room…a green room.” He couldn’t stop the delirious chuckle, ignoring how someone chuckled above him.
“Come on guys, we should celebrate!” He paused, realizing that even talking was leaving him breathless.
It was only because of his history with the press that Tony managed to hide the fact that he was slowly stealing pieces of tech that he was given. Rationing them to create a carefully constructed suit to aid Carol in her eventual escape.
“Just leave it on the floor; I’ll grab it when I’m done!” He calls out to him, eyes focused on an open panel where he’s fixing wires that have come undone.
The child throws a glare the man’s way but continues building, as if nothing is happening beyond Natasha’s lap. His concentration causing him to look almost exactly like a miniature version of Tony when they’d let him work in the lab at the old facility.
With a curse that the genius had never thought he’d hear from the man, Steve grabbed a hold of Tony and swung them both out of the tub. He snatched the nearest towel and dried him off quickly, wrapping him in the thing as quickly as possible while murmuring apologies over and over again.
He’d locked the door instantly, placing the clothing on the counter so that he could separate everything accordingly.
He didn’t understand why he had seen the house already; when this was the first time he’d visited. But at that moment, with the three males nearby cracking jokes at each other, with Pepper and May smiling gently at him, Tony was home.
“Peter…” It was the only thing that he managed to say before the coughing ran up and down his body, sending shocks of pain up his spine.
Tony glances at him with wide eyes, realizing that the brunette won’t look away without some form of affirmation. He nods only once, but it’s enough to earn him a smile just as bright as Steve’s before the soldier digs into his own plate. Instead of focusing on the film, Tony is enamored with the food on his plate.
Tony sighed, holding the kid and moving towards the house. “I’m going to put him in the shower to warm up, can you get some warm clothing?” He asked Steve, glad that the group didn’t protest or try to fight him as he trudged up towards the room.
Bucky shrugged, a smirk already lifting the corner of his mouth. “Sounds like a good way to burn off some energy. Besides, when was the last time we had a little fun with a civilian?”
With a quick thought he ran to the bedroom and grabbed the covers from the bed, deciding that he’d make himself into a human burrito to watch whatever he wanted.
“Steve just said I can make things better, that’s the first thing I want to work on. It can be right after breakfast, but I want to fix it.” Tony continued as if he hadn’t heard the actual protest in the man’s voice.
Without hesitation the man all but glided forward and folded the genius into his arms. There was no protest as Tony all but buried himself into his shirt, tears drenching Edwin’s clothes as he held what he still considered a boy to his body. One hand rose to gently run through the man’s hair, soothing him until the sobs quieted, until Tony could think again.
“I’ve got you,” Rhodey’s voice repeated, a hand gently running through his hair. Tony sunk into an exhausted sleep.
Tony laughed, jumping only slightly when the wall furthest from the trio burst to reveal a suit. But not just any suit, this one was made of vibranium. A very familiar voice rang out into the room from the suit.
“So, does this mean I get to meet the real Tony Stark?” Her finger stroked the tip of one of the archer’s arrows as she turned and raised a brow at the man.
Distracted by the two, Tony didn’t have enough time to dodge the solid body that ran right into him and threw him over a shoulder and into the mat with a thump. The laughter, however, told him it wasn’t a real threat.
It took a good minute before Peter peeked his head out from where he had tucked it against Bucky, the room seemingly holding their breath as they waited for an answer from the child. His brown eyes danced away from Clint; chubby arms held out towards the redhead.
“I knew Jarvis wasn’t taking stock!” Rhodey shouted, already starting towards the door that led to the escape ship.
He started to attempt to behave in the manner they wanted, feeling traumatized, humiliated, and scared of what was to come. He could also feel himself wanting to do nothing but curl up to the men, a contradicting feeling that had sent him into a state of complete confusion.
The girl made a gagging sound, pretending to throw up in the corner at the thought of what the genius had done. However, instead of taking the time to comment on the action, she pivoted and started forward towards the workbench.
“Don’t be an asshole,” he growled, crossing his arms and scowling at anyone that looked in their direction. His eyes taking in every detail he could possibly memorize as they moved.
“’Cuse me Aunty Tasha,” the little boy fumbled, crawling out slowly from the redheads lap so that he could sit on the floor beside her. He moved a few of the pieces closer to Clint, smiling brightly as he turned towards Bucky eagerly for the next instruction.
Turning back to shower, he threw himself under the spray. The bottle of shampoo was flower scented, the soap lavender. The water and products helped to wash away all scents from his experience, and Tony knew that he was in the shower a lot longer than Pepper’s timeline.
Tony could see himself, and saw a small glint of determination he’d lost reflect back at him. He was more than fine, laying back down and claiming he wanted to go back to sleep despite the sweat.
Tony squeezed his hand into a fist, reminded of Wanda and her warning that he should try to grow closer to the group. To find their weakness. He was their last hope? Tony glanced up at Steve who was retrieving a wheelchair from the corner of the room.
A warm arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulder, and he didn’t even tense as he leaned against Rhodey’s warmth and started towards the hall. Peter and Shuri in the middle, T’Challa leading the way to the big room where the crates were stored.
He started to drift, only stirring when the sound was gone and the lights dimmed. Someone removed the earbuds, taking away the music player and setting it to charge nearby. Tony felt two sets of lips kiss his head, but didn’t protest as he burrowed into the warmth behind him.
“You know that they’re going to get away from any civilians… they’re good.” Bruce added, already standing up to trail to the tech room where Natasha and the technician had disappeared.
Tony hesitated for only a moment before following, figuring that nothing weirder could happen to him at that point.
Bruce, having seen the wounds close over at least two shards before Tony had pulled out what he could, was on his feet and moving forward in an instant. He froze, however, when on reflex the genius tightened his hold on the crying child and flinched away.
“Maybe, depends on how much you annoy me,” she said it so flippantly that for a moment Tony’s heart skipped a beat, believing the lie.
Breaking his gaze away from where he was held, Tony silently pointed to the ground in the hopes that Bucky would set him down. Instead, the soldier gave him an impish grin and pivoted on the spot, making for the door after a silent conversation with Steve that the genius couldn’t decipher.
Iron Man threw a shot at the man, and watched as it diverted his path long enough for the suit to swoop down and safely deposit Tony on the ground. With JARVIS as the operator, it flew further into the city, sending the group off after an empty machine.
They avoided the subject of his captivity, knowing that the genius couldn’t afford to focus on the past without being thrown into a panic attack.
“Hey, you’re up!” The man grinned, stepping forward to unstrap the medical bed and move Tony into the hall.
He motioned to the area where the hologram had once been. “How do you think I even got the picture of Wakanda up on the projection? Permission.”
“I’ll get you more coffee, Tones. But, I’m also going to make us some dinner so that you have something in your stomach. I wouldn’t be surprised if you didn’t eat today.”
The blond soldier looked frustrated, although he didn’t make a move to swipe the cup back. “Look Tony, all I’m asking for here is a chance. You fell in love with us before, what’s stopping you from doing it now?”
“I’ll make you a deal. I’ll send you coordinates, we’ll do the trade tonight. I’ll come alone, in the suit, and switch places with Peter.”
“Goodnight kiddo, feel free to come get me if you need me.” Tony stands, not sure how he feels about willingly returning to the other room.
The tentacles retreat right back into the tiny creature. Goose, almost as if daring Tony to question his value, turns to face the two. He sits on his rump and licks a paw, starting to clean himself as if nothing bizarre had happened.
“Tony has been kidnapped, I want it on every news channel.” Steve tossed his gaze towards Bruce, whom had been sitting quietly at the table behind him. “Tony and the kid, they’ve both been taken by the tyrant group of rebels and need to be returned, unharmed. Advertise a cash reward.”
Tony spends most of the day going in and out of consciousness. At one point he wakes to find Helen Cho examining him, a stethoscope hanging from her ears as she presses the cool metal against his chest. He recognizes that she turns to speak to Rogers, whom is sitting on his other side and again running his hand through the genius’ hair. A habit that is becoming entirely too familiar to the man.
He’s so caught in trying to figure out what the name of the painting is that he doesn’t see the door by the television open, doesn’t notice as the two men step into the room. Not until one of them clears his throat to alert him of their presence.
Tony grinned, hands pulling away from the hold to wave in the air. “I found the one place on the planet that not even Roger’s people know exist! Well, not really anyway.”
The two became a constant throughout the week, checking up on him. Bruce would often bring by science magazines that he thought Tony hadn’t read yet, to keep him from ruining his genius on the television screen. Helen had been advising Bucky on what he could and couldn’t eat, raising his frustration level when he was denied red meat.
The brunette released a sigh, hands curled on the sink as he glanced down at the running water. He’d gone into the bathroom to brush his teeth but had let the faucet run so he could spend a few moments lost in his own thoughts.
May Parker smiled, an apron tide around her waist, a glass filled with some amber liquid in one hand, a kitchen towel in the other.
Tony’s eyes became glazed in his panic, only seeing Afghanistan as he ran out of air again and again, unable to die.
Tony could feel the tears starting to slide from his eyes, unable to stop them as he gaged the sincerity in the man below him.
The confusion written across T’Challa’s face would have been hilarious if Tony’s sole attention weren’t focused on Peter. How the kid’s face lit up as he tried to badly quote their favorite film, how the scene was so familiar to the two of them. Tony felt warm again, the feeling chasing away the fear that had temporarily sent him into a panic.
“I didn’t mean to frighten you,” T’Challa all but whispered. “I meant to say that we have an agenda that we must keep. In order to accomplish all our goals, we have to stay one step ahead of the group, which means heading out.”
Two figures were near the tree, one stood leaning, the other sat and threw what looked like an apple up and down. They were both relaxed, and as Tony came nearer he realized that he vaguely recognized one of them.
Several tense minutes passed in silence before the king and woman reappeared at the front door, holding a bag each over their shoulders. Both looked ready to go, cautiously glancing around the area as they stepped among the women warriors.
Throwing the kid an amused smile, Tony turned to glance back at the other screens and frowned when he caught a few of the crops looking like they were moving. That was definitively not the wind, but no person could be seen actually moving the things.
Tony slowly turns to face the right side of the room, noticing the bedside table that was moved so that they could fit the oxygen machine right against the mattress. It has a little lamp, and two remote controls that obviously control the television. Like the other room, there are three separate doors to his right. One by the television (he thinks it leads to the hall), another directly to the right which either leads to a bathroom or a closet, and the final one right next to it. All three doors are a dark navy blue.
Without being prompted, Bucky reached forward and gently lifted the sick man from the bed. There was no hesitation as he carried Tony bridal style towards an open door, Roger’s trailing behind only moments later after he had made the call to have the room cleaned. The two worked in tandem to undress the shivering genius. In Tony’s state of exhaustion, the man allowed them to treat him like a ragdoll without protest.
Tony watched in confusion and half curiosity as a man finally stepped forward, his head hung slightly, shoulders hunched. The man looked like he was walking towards his funeral, which was simply ridiculous. At the end of the day, Tony would have reprimanded the man on his aim but given him a thank you for actually doing his job.
He didn’t have to take a moment to remember what had happened, hands aching where they lay bandaged beside him.
“He’s not going to eat that,” Tony drawled for what felt like the hundredth time, watching as little Peter crossed his arms petulantly in the booster seat beside him. The little boy’s mouth quivered with the threat of a real tantrum, brown eyes glaring at the bowl of oatmeal set on the table before him.
Tony silently vowed to himself that when they arrived in Wakanda, the first thing he’d do when his hands healed would be to make sure that Jarvis had the ability to station himself in any network in the world. If Jarvis wasn’t in one location, nothing and no one could even attempt to harm the A.I.
“I just want you to promise me. Because what is going to pass would have happened sooner or later, and I want to make sure that you know it’s not your fault.” Tony reiterated.
Jumping out of the shower, not bothering with the fact that he was dripping wet, Tony rushed to the sink and froze.
It was such a revelation, that Tony didn’t protest on the fourth night to the sleeping arrangement. Even after having received a new ‘punishment’ from Bucky earlier on in the day, he found himself taking comfort in the presence of the two men.
He’d shut down the creation of weapons that Howard Stark had started. It was disappointing to see that his old friend had turned to money in his own genius. The fact that Howard’s son had turned into what Steve had hoped his father would have been, was another story.
Tony tried; he truly tried to not relax. But the adrenaline had left him and the warmth of the man against him was familiar. He knew it was Rogers just from the words.
“Jarvis, speaker.” Tony commanded, too wired to be polite as Rhodey helped him move so that he was seated on the sofa rather than crouched on the ground.
The bunker was too far underground to be registered by heat trackers. There was only one entrance, but several emergency exits. The only way to access the entrance was to find the secret door located in the subway. The person then had to follow a long tunnel and find the right door. They’d have to pass several coded doors, several metal contraptions, before they could even make it to the vibranium enforced door.
Tony groaned, throwing his head back as the two teenagers rambled to each other about the possibility of the Star Wars universe being a reality. Peter had pointed out that most of the universe consisted of technology and could therefore be recreated, while Shuri had argued that the force wasn’t a thing that existed.
Her free hand, the one that isn’t held up to create the barrier, flicks over his palm. Tony can’t stop the small shriek of pain as it burns before the red hue seems to sink into his skin and disappear.
With so many months in captivity, listening to orders was almost second nature to Tony. It didn’t pass by his friend’s observations that the man instantly quieted and stilled, allowing the doctor to finish his work on the arm.
While I appreciate that you're reading this, if you're genuinely upset about Tony being with these two characters, about how he doesn't always fight back, that's he's being "weak", expecting things to be happy-go-lucky, or upset that Peter has been de-aged, I'd highly recommend you stop reading. While I appreciate all my readers, you're only going to get more upset, as this story is absolutely not about a healthy relationship. That's all I'm going to say, as I don't want to give away the story. Once again, thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
Two hands gripped his own, although it was hard to hold onto Tony when his hands were slippery with blood. He turned furious eyes to meet T’Challa’s gaze, “turn the fuck around, now!”
The fifth and final victim seemed to be the turning point for the genius. Unlike the first four, it was a younger woman. She walked in with her head held high and had the same fire that Tony had seen in Peter’s eyes, in his own eyes. Her face was dirty, her clothes slightly torn, but the cuffs seemed to be the only things keeping her from running forward and attacking Rogers.
Looking at the suit and knowing that the captain wouldn’t be releasing his grip anytime soon. Tony shook his head and spoke so softly that only the blond could hear the words.
Tony wanted to scoff. How could they act like nothing was wrong? Like he had a friendship he’d never accumulated with each one. They either were truly delusional, or up to something. And Tony wasn’t sure which one to lean towards.
“I can’t lose you to them! If they got their hands on you, do you know what they’d do? What they can do? I will rip the suit to pieces, never do that again!”
Tony didn’t complain that the room was warmer than the beach, knowing that his A.I. had done it on purpose to keep him comfortable. Laying on the thick carpet, it didn’t take long before Tony sunk into a dreamless sleep. The lullaby of the ocean swaying him into the land of nod.
“Everything I saw, everything I watched, you’re nothing like your father,” Steve marveled. “Bucky and I, we truly did have a relationship with him. He wasn’t the best of people, but I would have thought he’d grown out of that.”
When he and Clint finally came to a stop in front of one of the doors, there were no guards standing by. The archer unlocked the door and stepped inside, bracing it open so that he could get Tony’s chair through.
“I’m not talking about you. I’m not alone Tony, neither are you.” She grinned, expression absolutely enthused. “I’m strong, and I’ve got basically the same powers as your super soldiers. I could have walked away when they tried to capture me, but I didn’t…. not that the de-aging thing was planned.”
Without thinking, Tony reached forward and slammed his mouth against Steve’s, hoping that it would bring him down to reality. It helped, but when he backed away all the fears and anxiety of his current situation and what he’d witnessed rang in his head.
Now, they sat in a small circle surrounding the pieces that Clint had poured out without any semblance of organization. Peter had immediately gotten everything into a pile with Natasha’s help, whom sat back and watched the interaction in amusement.
In the span of seconds, the repulsors on his feet blasted so much power that both Steve and Tony went toppling from the hole blasted into the building, Bucky’s fingers skimming the vibranium but never grasping as the two men lifted into the air.
“Fine, who am I fighting?” Tony dusted his pants, the smile on his face too compliant when compared to the man that was refusing to participate only moments before.
As soon as he hit the slanted metal ramp, the oncoming group trampled past him. T’Challa stopping to grab his shoulder and stop Tony from running right into the fight without a weapon.
With a quivering lip, the little boy suddenly burst into tears. “Daddy!” He wailed, scooting as close as possible to burrowing inside the genius’ chest.
“I want you to dig deep into your memories, and tell me you still want me to leave you behind. If you still say that tomorrow, then I’ll respect your wishes. But Tony, if you do this and you change your mind, we will get away.”
“Want me to help you get dressed?” Steve asked, surprising the genius that he was even asking instead of inserting himself without warning.
The two held each other tightly, ignoring the rest of the room as they both cried. Lost in a moment that needed to happen.
She frowned, “but they’ll know that you built this suit. There’s no way that they won’t realize that you’ve helped me get out of this situation.”
Of course, it wasn’t as if he had disrespected T’Challa, for the other understood that Tony, while physically strong, was in a very delicate mental state. Whether the man agreed or not to the statement, would be an entirely different matter.
The blond then proceeds to remove the covers that have kept Tony warm and snug while sleeping in the large bed. It’s the first time Tony realizes that he’s been changed, and vaguely he remembers the bathroom adventure from hours before. He can’t stop the soft blush that lights his cheeks as he stares down at the dark sweats and the soft band shirt adorning his chest. The glow of the Arc Reactor perfectly falling on the band’s drum set.
Without speaking a word, the soldiers worked in sync to get the genius’ tank, leaving the chair behind as they stepped from the room. Rogers left the weapon behind, barking orders at a soldier nearby before the two men started down the corridor.
“And he’ll have his aunts and uncles to help out, it’ll be a real childhood.” The blond added, “and this time he can learn to use his powers properly, with all of us around.”
It takes him a moment to realize that he’s not holding onto a wall, but a solid black boot has stepped into his vision. With a frown Tony throws his head up, amused emerald eyes glittering down at him with familiarity.
“I just want to see what’s going to happen. Who will come out on top. Will you end up defeating the former Avengers? Or are they going to find your friends and defeat your spirit?” Loki asked.
It took Tony a whole minute to convince himself to enter, as it resembled the room that he’d watched Steve and Bucky torture and kill several people. However, it wasn’t as clean, and someone had set a couch on one end, and a coffee table that hid the drain rather poorly. Another loveseat stood closer to the door, surprisingly new for what they had seen as they trekked down.
With a snarl, Tony twisted to face the door. One fist slamming on the wall and sending a large thump through the room. “You took my kid, turned him into a toddler, and trapped us in this house! And you’re asking if I’m okay? Get the fuck out!”
The man was running his hand through Tony’s hair affectionately, explaining everything that had happened to the genius without having to be prompted. For the moment, the genius could relax. He had liked Bruce Banner after all, even if he was another intelligent person that had fallen under the wrong influence.
Rhodey had reluctantly taken the two family members away while Iron Man fought against the group of former heroes. JARVIS had deployed another suit when the one he wore started to get too damaged, started to stagger under the attacks. But he was still holding his own.
Tony rolled his head as best as he could where it rested against Steve’s chest, making out Bruce’s chin and upper chest. “I’ll cook tonight, something a little less healthy so the little one will eat.”
“Now Mr. Rogers.” He grinned, the look causing a moment of hesitation to run through the blond’s face.
Setting him down on the carpet of the bathroom, Steve gently tugged down his pants. He finished ripping off the rest of the genius’ shirt and stripped Tony without any hesitation.
Without any control of his actions, Tony sagged into the bed in relief. He couldn’t begin to imagine what would happen to the kid if he had been brought in. But that still begged the question, if they had been gone for so long, whom had they found that they thought Tony would be excited to see?
Tony spun, ready to give whoever had grabbed him a piece of his mind when his gaze fell on a frightened Peter Parker.
“Son-of-Stark!” Thor booms, his attention finally free from a rather loud conversation about weapons with Clint.
Through the gate the two watched as what could have only been a teenager wandered through the stones as if they’d been there several times. There was a quite murmuring from the figure, and Steve held up a hand as he tried to hear what was being said.
Tony felt his heart stop, head whipping from the opening ramp to face the monitors in front of them. What was once a very simple mission was turning on its head as two figures emerged on the opposite side of the house from the aircraft, looking ready for a fight.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for the absolutely lovely comments, kudos, and bookmarks! I love that you guys are "enjoying" this crazy story. Hope you enjoy this chapter! I have some fantastic plans for what's coming up >:)
Opening his mouth to speak, the genius was startled quiet when the blue eyes moved past his shoulder and focused on something else.
“I’ve seen enough online videos to figure it out. Besides, do you think any of them have actually been around a kid before?” Peter raised a brow in a mimic of Tony’s own face, the expression absolutely comical on his cherub face.
They didn’t speak much, and if he did talk to Clint it was a lot of provoking. The group, while they spent time with him, hadn’t made Tony their sole focus. He was often left alone to tinker with the appliances, or to hang out alone in the bedroom.
He pulled back, tearing himself away from Tony as he hurled across the room and crushed the communicator in one hand. Desperate brown eyes lifted to meet the genius’ face, who looked more forlorn as he stared at the horror written on the teen’s expression.
Carol frowned, setting down her own tools and sitting down beside the genius. “You’ve been in here too long, if you’re thinking that way.”
It had been almost a month, and Tony had had only one other panic attack where Carol had to remind him of the reality of their situation. With this in mind, he’d convinced the group to bring Carol into their trainings, claiming that she could help them considering she was also a super human who cared for the genius.
“So instead of hurting you, they turned you into my tiny little pipsqueak,” he teased, a soft smile finally lifting the corner of his lips as the little boy openly scowled. While the personality of the kid was one hundred percent his teenager, the expression was one hundred percent toddler and it made Tony’s heart thump in warmth.
Sorry for the wait!!! Thank you so much for the kudos, bookmarks, comments! I promised I wouldn't abandon this story, and I wont! It's a shorter chapter, but more to hopefully come sooner! :) Thanks for sticking with me!
But then again, Tony couldn’t deny the small pang in his chest that still came from even glancing at the soldier.
“Time to get you to your appointment,” he grinned, holding up his arms as if to lift Tony from the bed.
Only one suit remained, standing at the other end of the field, facing the team. The power to the machine was slowly turning off, as if it had served its final function. The middle finger delicately held up in their direction.
When the attack had occurred, Carol had managed to overpower the team by collapsing the ceiling in the training room on top of them. Never mind that the thing had been reinforced with steel, but that her powers had returned without any of them knowing. She had blasted a hole straight into the side of the building and flown out in a suit that had appeared from her wrist like magic.
“So what film are we watching?” Steve inquired, relaxing on Tony’s other side. It was the first time the man realized that instead of taking the other open areas, the two men had quickly taken the opportunity to crowd him and the little boy.
Tony clapped his hands, laughing when she jumped a little at his excitement. “Yes! That’s perfect! You’re marvelous! You’ve saved me from myself a few times already! You’re my cuddly marvel!”
He was rocking, back and forth. Whether it was to calm the kid or himself, Tony didn’t know. Peter coughed, little fists holding tightly onto the genius’ shirt.
In seconds, the transfer was complete and the remote in Tony’s hand crumbled. For the first time since he had entered the bunker, it was silent of happy voices or remarks from the A.I.
He could hear himself laughing, a watery sound that seemed to be coming from a place he had never heard.
It was only several minutes later, after Steve had curled under the sheets behind the genius and used his own unnatural body heat to bring him back, that he even realized he’d had an attack.
“I’m assuming we have to trust it’s just going to work?” Tony smiled softly, nodding his head at her question. Carol pulled back from the embrace and beamed, staring at the watch in wonder.
I'm the slowest writer ever, I'm sorry! I don't like doing "author's notes" so that's why I go quiet. But here another chapter! Sorry it's taking so long. Oh, and the drama is coming.
The cut, although deep, had stopped bleeding. And while serious, it was obvious that he could hold off on getting it treated until they had at least a small conversation.
There were a few tears that escaped, to trail down his face. “I love him so much Uncle Ben, he’s family. I wish… I wish you were here. I miss you…”
Having taken the discussion between the rest of the group as a moment to recover from his almost panic attack at Peter’s words, one hand running through the boy’s curls, Tony leaned back on the sofa and watched the ragtag group of people before him.
Peter, whom had started to walk alongside the bed with Pepper, jumped in shock and before Tony could reply screamed out. “Mr. Stark! He’s smiling! Happy is smiling! You’ve ended us all with your bad quoting!”
What confused the genius even more, despite all the wounds having disappeared, he still couldn’t recall the exact details of how he had come to be standing in the room.
Walking into the kitchen, Tony almost jumped a foot in the air at the sight of Natasha sitting casually at the counter, a sandwich sitting in front of her.
“As you know, we have undergone several changes in the past few years. And while some of these changes have come at a price, they have been for the betterment of humanity. Crime rates have virtually disappeared, and we have kept you safe from all attacks.” The man took a moment to take in the applause of the group in front of them; the world had slowly started to warp into the thought that the Avengers were exactly where they belonged. In charge.
“He shot you, my men follow orders. You’re supposed to be safe. He disobeyed, he pays the price.” The man shrugged like it was the most logical thing in the world.
For the first time in a while, Tony glanced up at his reflection and saw a light in his eyes that had been missing for some time. Sure, another one had replaced it when he’d started to immerse himself into the new environment. Now it was gone again, and the little glint of determination that had almost faded to nothing but ash was quickly burning into a wildfire.
Tony was so enthralled with Pepper, he didn’t notice when someone grabbed the bed at his feet to help Rhodey move him down the ramp so that they could get to wherever their final destination was. He let out a surprised yelp and looked down to meet the shining eyes of one Happy Hogan.
He had seen the man have mild panic attacks in the bunker; Peter had never witnessed a full attack before. Without knowing what else to do in his situation, he started to scream for help.  The tears streaming down his face completely real, he didn’t have to fake anything. Even shaking terribly at the sight of the screaming man.
“Yes, but no children. We’re trying to make it so that those who are homeless are sent to facilities, to learn skills to better society. Crime is at an all-time low, since the criminals now understand that there are dire consequences to their actions.”
The genius only has one moment to breathe before two bots appear in the broken window, scanning the booth for an enemy. Tony releases a breath, but freezes when the machines zero in on him, guns revving up as they’re suddenly swinging forward.
The rest of the team slowly started to make an appearance, carrying several different dishes from inside the house. Clint carrying what looked like a chocolate cake to set down at the table. He grinned when Peter clapped his hands, setting the dessert just close enough that Peter would have to stand to pull it towards himself.
Peter, whom could easily imagine himself doing the same thing, had started to laugh softly along with the man he’d adopted as his father. He could only hope that if things ever got cleared up, Tony would let him continue calling him by the title. The man hadn’t complained yet, so that was a good sign!
Trying to be as quiet as possible, Tony started to shimmy his left arm so that it would slip free from the restraint.
Tony looked up again, eyes running to the door in hopes of having his thoughts interrupted. His wish was granted, but not in the way that he expected.
His hand unconsciously reached forward, wrapping gingerly around the cup and dragging it like a zombie back to his mouth. After taking a sip, his tired brown eyes lifted to meet those of Pepper Potts.
“No, you can’t…” He pleaded, watching as the guards pinned the man’s hands to the ground in chains before leaving and closing the door.
They’d taken a person and de-aged them? Tony knew it was possible with the strange magic that Loki possessed… but did they seriously think just anyone could keep up with his genius? Not that it mattered, he’d protect the kid from whatever crazy antics the two men had planned.
Stepping forward, Rogers ripped off the blindfold from the man’s eyes, watching unfazed as the man begged and begged. “He was one of the men that trapped you, did you know that Tony?”
“I can’t lose you!” Peter screamed back, suddenly unable to hold in his own emotions and fear. “Do you know what happened when you sent us away? Do you know what that did to me?” The kid had tears in the brim of his eyes as he spoke.
Tony could make out a toaster, a microwave, and a few other appliances sitting in the pile. It would take him less than a day to fix everything. He didn’t voice it, though. Perhaps, he could take small pieces and hide them away to create his own means of escape.
Peter had jumped forward and immediately started after Sam, whom was using the height of the warehouse to attempt to stay out of range of the webs sent his way.
With a sigh Tony sets down his tools and rolls out, unable to hide the annoyed look on his face. He’s glad that Bucky only seems to find it endearing, smiling from ear to ear as he holds out a huge sandwich he’s made for the brunette.
Before the genius could attempt to reply, a shriek drifted from down the hall into the open door of the medical room. It would have made them all start running if it hadn’t been followed by May yelling at Peter for burning the dessert.
Wrapping his good arm around Peter, Tony tugged the boy so that he was pressed against his side so the two of them could look at the same screen together without being uncomfortable. He couldn’t deny the warmth that spread internally, feeling so in love with the child beside him.
Once again, Bucky ignored Tony’s warning and did the motion of an airplane with the spoon, watching as it stopped on tightly closed lips.
Once the rescue group had exited the craft, the only people on board were Tony, the kid, and the pilot. Peter realized quickly that it made for a very quiet atmosphere, and opened his mouth to break it when Tony beat him to it, eyes never leaving the screens.
“Come on, doll!” The soldier implored, ignoring as Clint snickered from across the table as if he were witnessing the world’s most amusing spectacle. “It’s got cinnamon, and sugar, and it’s sweet!”
When he blinked tired eyes open again, the heart monitor was gone, as were most of the needles in his arm. Only a few remained, with substances he couldn’t begin to identify.
Slowly, the walls to protect himself were breaking, and he was getting used to the group. He was becoming docile, wanting the warmth that came from the two men that kept his nightmares at bay. Not that they weren’t the cause of them. There had been no protest when he was lifted and carried into the bedroom.
The redhead smiled gently, grabbing a stool from nearby and moving it so that she could sit directly next to Tony at the workbench. Once upon a time there was speculation that the two of them were an item, and while neither had fought the rumors, it was never true. Pepper was too focused on making the business work, and Tony didn’t exactly swing in her direction.
He was laid out on a worn sofa, inside what looked like an office that obviously belonged in a warehouse. The walls were covered in graphs and lists, numbers and photos. A large desk sat nearby with an old computer humming softly.
The genius game awake with a start, eyes searching the room wildly in a glazed state, still caught in the throes of a nightmare. His screaming stopped, but the flailing limbs continued until two strong hands gripped his wrists to restrain him.
“You’re looking too pale Tony, we’re going to have Helen check on you soon, okay?” The man seems oblivious to the fact that he is the reason the genius is in his current condition. However, when Tony lets out a whimper as the memories start to flood him again, he is shushed and cradled.
He had to withhold a sigh as the little boy threw up his arms while nodding his head, making grabby hands at Tony to pick him up.
Tony had to withhold a laugh at the idea that their hiding place was underground, so much like when he had first taken his family into hiding.
But there was something, a little thing in his gut that Tony would like to claim was a spidey sense, that told him that they needed to make haste.
Steve and Tony, who had both been on the projectile for the child, ended up colliding. The super soldier turning so that the genius ended on top of him on the grass.
“Alright,” Tony couldn’t believe he was grinning, grabbing the tools from Steve and starting towards the material. “I think we can do this.”
“Dr. Cho explained that we don’t have to use it too much, we can put it on at night to facilitate your breathing, but we don’t want you too dependent on it either.”
The bundle of energy created from finding Tony nearby bounced from the room, disappearing into the hallway with a chirped ‘excuse me’ at Pepper.
While Bucky’s bouncing of the toddler had grown more frantic, he was a little relieved to find that the child had turned to stick his face at his collarbone. His little hands in fists around Bucky’s shirt as the hysterical screaming slowly turned into quiet sobs.
When the genius was sure that they had reached flat ground, Tony spoke up again. “Steve Rogers, you put me down right the fuck now or I’m going to scream loud enough to wake everyone in this ridiculously large house.”
Peter, giggling as he tried to use Tony as a human shield. Rhodey stood to their right looking bemused, May standing akimbo across the room as she glared daggers at the two geniuses that had burnt her dinner.
The brunette had never thought that a person’s tears would break his heart, but for the first time in a long time he felt a bit of remorse as the sniffling child clung heavily to him. The feeling was foreign, and Bucky was quick to push it away when words finally started to come from the boy in his arms.
“So not a mutant, but not completely human?” Tony had been left alone with Carol when Bruce had gone to fetch everyone lunch, and the scientist hadn’t returned yet. Their conversation was held over the sound of a hammer and a drill machine, keeping it mostly private if they were being recorded.
“Jarvis is currently at eighty percent in his processing, but as soon as he’s done, those…” Shuri pointed to a line at the top of the monitors, it was solid red at the moment. “Will turn blue.”
Peter’s gaze slowly traveled over his mentor, taking in the disheveled appearance, the arm wound, the shabby outfit that he’d been made to wear, everything. Tony, on the other hand, couldn’t look away from the kid’s face. He was memorizing every detail, taking in how Peter had already grown up so much since he had last seen him. It had been months, but it felt like they had been apart for years.
There was a small part of him that would never admit that he missed the feeling of being completely enclosed in the men’s embrace. A sick, small part that wanted to preen at the attention and care they had started to give him, without the maltreatment.
The genius had taken a guess that either they had left the building completely or were smart enough to pretend that nothing significant had happened. He was leaning towards the latter.
“You sure make an entrance, doll. Looks like me and Stevie are going to have to take real good care of you, since you won’t be able to use that leg and all.” The man drawled almost directly into his ear. It would have bugged him more were it not for the pain that was quickly becoming blinding from his leg.
Peter had a look of pure exasperation on his face, but otherwise said nothing. Instead, the two decided that in order to put their plan into motion, a good start would be taking Bucky’s advice and relaxing with a film.
Before Tony could send a suit to grab the kid, Pepper had pointed out that chances were no one had noticed Peter on the street. In fact, the less attention they brought to the kid, the better. Not that the genius didn’t put every single one on standby, in case he needed to get Peter out quickly.
When Tony had fallen asleep both Peter and Rhodey agreed that he couldn’t continue to bleed from his wrist, and sent for the doctor to help him heal. They had refused to leave Tony when the other man had been summoned, but agreed to set him down so that the genius could be looked over without the bodies to block the path.
Barely dodging to the right in time, Tony let out a yelp as he lost his footing and landed on his bad arm and hand. But the pain was nothing compared to the relief he felt as he watched the other scientist stumble forward in shock that Tony had managed to move so quickly.
Every wall, every ounce of strength that had pulled Tony through the last few months, every haunting feeling that raised self-doubt and killed his spirit, everything disappeared and grew at the same time. There was a tight feeling in his chest that he hadn’t felt in a long time, a ball that was spiraling round and round.
Without hesitation, Tony immediately turned his gaze to look at the bright blue eyes of a smiling Steve Rogers. The man who hadn’t even bothered to wipe away the blood splatters of the life he had taken before.
“Eat with your mouth closed, I don’t want to see your half-digested food,” Tony said as he didn’t bother looking up, padding over to sit down on the sofa in front of where Rhodey now stood. “What’s up Platypus?”
Taking a moment, Tony slowly started to realize that Steve was sitting on the bed in front of him. The man had stopped him from hurting anyone or himself, and the thought immediately reminded the genius that Peter had been with him.
The man didn’t stop until he was gagging, nothing but stomach acid left to spew as he whimpered. His stomach sending shooting pains of protest as he thought about the people he’d witnessed dying only hours before. About how the world was slowly turning into something he wanted no part of.
Steve, while not completely inept, was absolutely someone that was driving the genius towards the edge. The captain had tried valiantly to be helpful, running back and forth from the toolbox and Tony like a puppy retrieving for its owner.
Peter heard the chirp in his ear as the communicator demanded his attention, his five minutes were up. Wiping at his face the teenager pressed the button and grinned when he heard the multiple voices asking if he was alright.
They had enforcers to keep people in line, but sometimes it was fun to go out and take care of the problem themselves.
Using the moment to his advantage, Tony reached forward and plucked Peter out of his seat and into his lap, laughter cutting off at the sight of the little boy’s bloodied hands. Ignoring how the child was covered in dripping oatmeal, Tony held up the hands to inspect them in better light, and winced when he noticed that not only had the shards from the plate cut up the kid’s hands, but that some of the wounds had started to heal over the shards.
When the teenager in the film speaks, Tony let’s himself reminisce about the kid that he would never see again. How was Peter? How were the others? He was sure that by this point the princess and spider-kid had probably made a fearsome team. In a way, he pitied the country for having to deal with two super geniuses who hadn’t quite developed a sense of what not to say yet… not that Tony could judge.
“We’re going to have to cut into these two wounds to take these out,” Bruce whistled, taking a wet towel from Steve whom had returned with the kit. The doctor softly wiped away at the wounds, glad to see that Peter had only two shards embedded under his skin.
Tony had finally managed to get a hold of his laughter, but upon the look on everyone’s faces in the room, he immediately lost it again. Both hands wrapping around his stomach as he doubled over, hearing Shuri start to join in.
The distraction of the task meant that Tony was no longer focused on the strange feeling he’d had earlier of imminent doom. Instead, he’d leaned over Peter’s chair and held out his hands with a pathetic pout.
“We’re at ninety-eight percent, we can set the transfer to start automatically, if you’d follow me?” She was being polite, which meant that the two teens were likely eager to see his mind at work.
Tony raised a brow, something in him excited to be able to do something for the greater good again. Even if he doubted that it would be in a suit, considering the state he was in.
A small part of Tony didn’t want to leave, didn’t want to see what would happen once he no longer had the arms of the two men to hold him.
“He missed you, you know? Had to come back here to reconfigure after that escape,” she stood, watching as Tony did the same.
“We have the bots that you created a long while back, that help us simulate real fights. We’ve broken several of them, and figured maybe you could help us program them to be a little tougher, fix them up?” Steve inquired.
He hated the stutter, the primal fear that had been instilled in his very bones of seeing more people suffer at the hands of such horrible people.
One of them took Tony’s hand, running a thumb gently over the back in circles in a manner that was oddly comforting. “You’re okay, you’re not in there anymore,” Steve reassured softly.
“Then they get hurt, and life moves on. You’re never going to do anything that would take away my love for you Tony.” Edwin brought the genius into his arms, squeezing tight. “I will always love you kid.”
Bucky chuckled from behind him, rubbing his metal hand up and down his back in a familiar motion. “Doll, you’re precious. It’s your passion! One of us will be with you, but yeah, you get to fix the bots if you want to.”
“Don’t fuck with my kid!” Tony’s voice was loud as he watched the super soldier fly down, taken by surprise at the strength of the Iron Man suit the genius had built for himself.
Using every ounce of willpower he could muster up, the genius blinked his eyes open to find the same dim lighting in the medical ward as before. He turned to his right to find Rhodey once again sitting at the computer monitor, although the typing was less furious as he scrolled through what was obviously news feeds. To his left, Pepper sat reading one of the books from the facilities library, her brow only slightly furrowed as she looked up to meet his gaze.
The teenager was intelligent, sometimes too much for his own good. He had definitively been determined enough if he had risked taking Jarvis offline to get wherever he was going. “Wake the others, have them meet me in the living room.” Tony commanded, forgoing his shoes to sprint down the hallway. He needed to activate the suits, he needed to bring the kid back.
The soldier hums, as if to comfort him, as Bruce starts the process of removing the broken stitches and fixing it up again. Tony doesn’t mind the needles considering how many injuries he’s had to deal with but looking at them seems to make it worse.
A half smile lifted the corner of his lips before the brunette turned back to his coffee mug, cradling it like the warmth would transfer all over his body. He was glad that the grip on the ceramic hid the fact that his hands were trembling.
With narrowed eyes Tony opened his mouth to call the man out on his terrible, irritating acting, when he heard a very delighted shout.
After a moment, Tony nodded. He’d always trust Edwin; the man had raised him into someone that hadn’t become a robot to Howard Stark.
Two large windows sat right above where he lay, and as Tony sat up he heard the voices floating from the room beyond. He quickly identified them as T’Challa and a female voice he didn’t quite know, although they sounded as if they were familiar with each other.
Finally looking up from the blueprints of his latest invention (they were underground, not dead) Tony turned his attention to the press conference televised by the news. He vaguely registered Peter throwing himself onto the sofa on the left, but chose to stare into the cruel blue eyes of a man that had once been a symbol of freedom.
“What do you want?” Tony finally grumbled. There was no reason to call Barton by any other names; the man was impervious to it.
Loki and Thor had been called away to deal with their own uprisings, to keep their territories in line, and that meant Tony was trusted to wander the apartment alone. He’d been told that the bracelet was a means to keep him safe, so that if he were to be kidnapped from the building Steve and Bucky could easily find him.
It became too much, and soon enough all Tony saw was an explosion of light before everything turned dark.
Without warning, Tony threw himself forward again and planted his lips against the blonds. He received an instant reaction when warm arms wrapped around him, the heat of the very real body slowly making way into his overtired brain and processing as reality.
Clint shrugged, not once looking up at Tony but the smirk on his face was evident. “I’d like to see you catch up to me with that leg, cripple.”
Bucky was the one to lean forward, “come on doll, don’t say that. Like cooking, and dancing.” He nodded towards the blond, “Stevie can show him how to swim, to fight.”
“I’m figuring out where you’ll escape to if we’re found,” he admitted. Tony had already come to terms with the idea that their safety wouldn’t last forever. Rogers was determined. Eventually, someone was going to mess up.
Swiftly plonking down, Tony didn’t withhold a laugh when Peter cheered and escaped the blanket. His little socked feet stumbling onto the couch before he took a leap to test the bounce factor. “Woah!”
Tony was so lost in his thoughts he didn’t notice as time flew by. How long he remained on the bed was hard to determine without a watch or natural light, but he could easily venture a few hours had passed.
His shoulders drooped as the tension left him. In a few hours, the system would be up and running, and they’d be ready to go. In a few hours, they’d have everything the rebellion had tried to take away, and more.
The desperation and the realization knock Tony to his knees, a sob clawing its way out of his throat as he curls into himself. He barely registers when the soldier slides his metal arm under his legs, the other at his back to lift him into a bridal carry.
“I usually work with high tech stuff, not…. Wood.” Tony grimaced looking around the pile. Not that he couldn’t do it, but the material was rough and if not handled correctly it could warp.
The work is intricate, with little flowers and leaves carved into the wood, but sturdy enough that it would take a good amount of force to break. It was embedded into an opening in the wall, framing the placement of the piece of furniture as if whoever had built the room had done so with it in mind.
“I lost my parents; I lost my Uncle Ben…” He sniffled, looking more and more disturbed. “And for a minute… I lost you too.”
When he’d found Bucky, it was like everything was meant to be. When he’d seen Tony in person for the first time, he’d been sold. The two men had agreed upon one thing, they would find the genius and keep him away from the rest of the world, protected.
Tony wanted to laugh, if they wanted him to help program fighter bots for simulated battles, they’d better be ready to face an army.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Rogers stopped for a moment, looking directly at the camera. “Tony,” the following grin was positively wicked.
Normally, while Carol was gone, he’d started to work on her suit, but now he found himself without something to invent. He could create weapons, but she didn’t really need one. And he couldn’t start making his own Iron Man suit without first taking more rations of pieces he was given.
“No daddy! I’m not ready!” Scurrying away from Tony, the little brunette quickly flushed the toilet.
Rogers jumped to his feet from where he’d been lounging on the sofa, Bucky at his heels as the two men practically trampled over the tech to get to the monitor room.
He’d given her the advice to act like an unknowing child, and then had explained to Bucky that she had been distressed because she couldn’t remember where she was and thought she had been kidnapped. It was easy to convince the men that she was truly a child, and not for the first or last time, he’d question what Loki was up to.
Unwilling to look away from the little boy, Tony turned from where he was being held bridal style in Bucky’s arms to try in understand what was happening. Shock ran through the genius as Steve lifted a large Iron Man stuffed toy, almost the same size as the child, and lay it so that the boy could wrap himself around it instead.
A cat! Why would the kid be looking forward to a cat? After all, what could a cat do to help them in their situation?
Recognizing the name, Tony found himself looking between the two quickly. They were dead, had been for a while. How were they possibly talking to Tony? If it had been a memory, he wouldn’t have been able to interact with them.
He slammed hard against the floor, hitting his temple on the ground with a pained cry, the world spinning around him.
“Hey, you should be going to sleep. Can’t work in the lab tired, it’s too dangerous.” Steve gently scolded, holding what looked to be like a small phone in his hand. “I was going to give this to you tomorrow, but I figured you may have something soothing in here that’ll help you sleep.”
His friend hadn’t felt a loss about it, like Rhodey she had absolutely fallen for taking care of the tired genius beside her.
Tony sighed, letting the water wash out the shampoo before following it with the conditioner, liking the smell of soft amber that was left behind. He hadn’t realized the situation at first, having been in the medical wing trying to get his brain to function. However, soon enough Tony had realized that they had a large problem that wasn’t going to be easily solved.
With an unflattering squeak, Tony ripped away just in time to avoid getting wrapped in Roger’s arms, but not fast enough to avoid a hand grabbing onto his wrist to stop him from running. “Big green giant!” He finally managed to wheeze out in warning, tugging at the appendage to continue running.
At that moment, Tony took in exactly where they had landed. It was familiar, too familiar. It had been the same farmhouse in which Jarvis had come to him with Wanda and her brother. It was the same place where he had broken down and remembered what family meant.
Immediately the genius agreed, nudging his kid when he noticed the slight blush that had lit up his cheeks. He received a pout and a half glare before Peter started after the princess.
Immediately, Peter closes the door after her before setting up the stuff she left for the ca-Flerken. Tony shakes his head and pulls himself up, he settles on the little mattress they’ve set up for the kid and watches as Peter gets himself ready for bed.
“You’ve done nothing wrong Tony. You’re making the best of your circumstances… we just… needed to help you a bit.” Jarvis turned them so that Tony was still wrapped against his side, but so they were both facing the older man across the counter.
Two hands plunked underneath the kid’s arms, throwing him into the air with an excited shriek before Bucky landed next to Tony, catching Peter as if he had been doing it his whole life. It was a little disconcerting, how someone so terrible could be so good at treating a child like he was precious.
After a moment, Tony shook his head slowly and groaned when the room spun. Of course, he’d be caught in some weird version of a panic attack as soon as he remembered that the man trying to comfort him had also killed an innocent kid.
Tony was so busy observing the room; he almost missed the foot coming towards his face. However, Okoye had taken the words of the king very seriously and blocked the limb only inches from Tony. With a cry she began going after Natasha, not relenting as she fought restlessly to stop the Black Widow from reaching the genius.
“Tony!” Rhodey was suddenly there, leaning over the back of the sofa and putting a gentle hand on the man’s shoulder. He needed him to stay calm, so that the stitches wouldn’t pop off and make the wound bleed again. He’d lost enough blood.
It was time to start playing their game, and Tony was ashamed at how grateful he was that Peter would be along for the ride.
The first thing the man did was rig an old speaker to the music player, blasting the music as soon as Natasha left. After that, it hadn’t taken very long for the man to get lost in the appliances they’d left behind for him.
Like Bucky, the blond didn’t set Tony down immediately. Instead, he quietly maneuvered to close the door behind them, and ambled down the hallway. When they reached the stairs, Tony finally spoke up figuring they were far enough away from the room that he wouldn’t wake Peter.
Steve had shushed him gently and had started to hum quietly. One hand had lifted and placed the breathing mask on his face, causing the genius to slump in relaxation even further. The sound was soothing, and soon enough Tony was sinking under, allowing himself to be cuddled by the large man.
The ceiling above the transportation dock was created to open, and had done so as the building started to collapse to give them a clean get-away.
Peter nodded, his hands once more doing the grab hand motion as he tried to desperately reach out for the animal in the archer’s arms. Tony seemed startled, shaking his head almost immediately. “How about… no? What if it has some sort of disease?”
“I was just getting him warmed up,” Steve drawled back. “Come on over Buck, I think we should show Tony just how much we worship his beautiful little body.”
Clint looks like he’s nursing a rather nasty cut on his own leg, Sam’s holding his arm close to his chest, his wrist looks like it’s facing the wrong way. Natasha has a straight cut near the vein on her neck that bleeds lightly and a large gash on the side of her stomach where her hands are pressed.
It was only when the spray of the water came down, Tony sitting on a stool someone had put in the room before he’d gotten there, that he spoke.
So in a way, Tony got that hug? I'm excited for the next chapter :) I'll try to post as much as I can, but work's picking up so it may be only once a week or so. But no, I won't abandon the story. I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
“Punk, you grab some of his clothes from the closet and I’ll get him cleaned up.” Bucky startled Tony from his observation.
“No, I am not a honeybee. You are not nicknaming me honeybee.” Tony admonished. “I swear if you call me that, I will find a way to make you regret it.”
But now, with Carol on his side, he’d found the small ball of sass that made up Tony Stark. If the two super soldiers truly loved him, they wouldn’t have tried to quell the part of him that had made up so much of his personality. Would they?
“My cat,” Peter shrugged again, although the smile on his face told Tony he was holding onto information he didn’t want to share quiet yet. However, when the kid nodded towards the door, the genius turned.
Bucky held Peter up by a set of bands on his hands, cutting them when Tony arrived. Rogers looked like the cat that had finally gotten the mouse.
“A whole chocolate cake just for you!” Clint nodded eagerly, moving away from the soldier nearby so that the man couldn’t punch him where his arm was already sore from Natasha’s earlier hit.
And Tony, relaxing into the warmth that the bodies surrounding him provided, felt safe. He ran his free hand through Peters hair, using the injured one for pizza.
Carol laughed, traversing the room and heading towards the door that was already starting to open to reveal Sam, coming to fetch her again for training. “That’s Captain Marvel to you, Tony!”
Carol smirked, reaching forward and picking up one of the arrows. “So, Mr. Stark, how long have you been here?” Her words were quiet, not that Bruce was trying to pick up on the conversation. The other scientist had turned his sole focus to the chemicals on his table the moment he’d realized that Carol wouldn’t try to hurt Tony.
Explosions sounded from down the hall, people breaking into the facility for the first time since it had been built. There were a few reprimands, they didn’t want the building falling down on their heads, but beyond that no one spoke.
Seeing the movement, Steve gently batted away the hand and reached behind the genius’ head to unclasp the thing. While it helped Tony breathe, now it might cause the man to hyperventilate as he listened.
Shuri blinked, her shoulders slumping though she wore a content smile on her face. “Well, that was a lot less dramatic then I had thought it would be.”
“We can figure it out!” Clint argued, finally managing to steal two pieces from the toddler whom was slowly turning redder by the minute.
“What are you saying?” Tony was a genius, but his brain couldn’t understand why they would want him to leave the two men when he’d already gotten so far. He was safe, wasn’t he? “They keep me safe, I don’t have to fight anymore.”
Quick and proficient, they’d both noticed the dark circles under Tony’s eyes, the blond got the man cleaned up and dressed. Bucky had then taken Tony and put him in his lap, the new bed covers curling around them.
They walked into a large kitchen, where Pietro and an older man sat around a tall island. The counter had freshly cut fruit, and it looked like someone was baking bread in the oven.
“It’s too late to save me, Tony. But thank you for your kindness. When the barrier drops, I will end it.” She ignores that he opens his mouth to protest, speaking gently. “Don’t let them suspect that you are not on their side. This is your time to act, to learn what you can, while you can.”
The man barely registered when fingers pried his hands away from the kid and a solid body lifted him onto their lap on the sofa. Fingers gently making circular motions on his back in a useless effort to calm the hysterical genius down.
The group quickly grew comfortable in the room, silent as they relaxed. The music was a bit quieter, Tony explaining he’d like to figure out what type of arrow Clint was looking for before he just allowed the man to take one to test.
He was spoon fed soup and made to lay down between them, two arms covering his body to keep him warm.
Shuri had ducked into the craft along with Peter, both teenagers coming out in their own fighting gear alongside the Dora Milaje that had formed a protective circle both around the king and the princess. Not that the two of them couldn’t seem to hold their own.
Knowing that at that point, he had nothing to lose, Tony turned towards the soldier and tilted his head. Would Bucky honestly tell him what had happened if he asked? Would the man lie or actually understand just how lost Tony was at the moment?
Someone put fuzzy socks on his feet while he was sleeping, and while normally he’d complain about it, they’re warm and cozy and he secretly wants to get several pairs.
Shaking his head to tumble the thoughts from his brain, the genius glanced around the room with a frown. It was almost noon, so they hadn’t bothered waking him up early. Both men were absent, the room completely silent despite its downtown location.
The smaller brunette met his eyes, brows furrowed as he tried understanding exactly what was going on with the genius.
“You killed him,” was the first thing he managed to say, ignoring the look sent his way when he threw the oxygen mask off of his face.
Tense shoulders dropped, Tony releasing a sigh as he let his head fall forward in relief, knowing that no matter how hard things got Pepper would keep her promise. Tony had always carried too much weight on his shoulders, the whole world, and only his close friends could see how hard his life had been on the billionaire.
The little boy buried his face in Tony’s chest, hiding his face as he took assurance that Tony was doing alright after his attack. Instead of having the toddler answer, Steve spoke gently as if afraid to scare them.
The genius hummed, it made sense. Jarvis had been stretched very thin when he had been tasked with the rescue mission. The control of so many appliances at once had spread his data farther than Tony had ever done, and while he had been built to withstand almost anything, this mission had been a surprise.
When he got out, there was a lot of steam in the bathroom, and Tony absolutely loved it. He took his time getting dried and throwing on the clothing that made him match the teenager of the home.  Looking down at the shirt, he laughed and shook his head. It boldly stated, “A hug without U is just toxic” with a large picture for the periodic table mercury element.
Without even an ounce of hesitation Steve Rogers pivoted where he stood and ran at full speed towards the craft. The determination in his eyes was evident as he refused to take his gaze away from Tony, throwing his shield up blindly to dodge a blast from Rhodey as he ran.
Tony buried his face between the man’s shoulder and neck, hiding his red face. He was aching, but that didn’t mean he could sleep with his brain going so quickly with what Carol had requested.
With nothing left to do, Tony decided to wander into the apartment for a bit.  The thought of his conversation with Carol had been pushed to the back of his mind, as he’d only torment himself on trying to figure out who had sent her, and why.
"I g-got you, h-honey." He whispered, placing soft kisses on top of the genius's head while he buried his face into the soldier's chest. He rubbed Tony's back, letting him sob softly into his chest. "It's gonna be ok-k, it's all over n-now. Let's g-get y-you some medical attention, alr-right?" He felt Tony nod against his chest, snuggling into him just a little more. Then he looked up, and he gently held the back of Tony's hand in his palm, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on his palm, and his broken fingers as lightly as possible as if the mere affection would make the pain go away. It did, however, make the genius relax just a bit as Steve carried him bridal style.
"I'm sorry, you know if I had a choice I would say no. I enjoy my time with you." Tony sighed and nodded his head, discarding the mug by placing it off to the side, letting himself relax a little bit in Steve's embrace.
"Something like that, and if they used cyanide pills, the bodies would still be there. I'm not even sure if they were normally Hydra agents either. It seemed really odd to me, Nat said the same thing too."
"Sorry," Tony chuckled, "still trying to heal over here." Steve chuckled in response as well, sniffling and letting Tony wipe the tears from his eyes. He leaned forward and placed a more gentle kiss on his lips, pulling back not a moment too soon as he heard a content sigh coming from the genius.
Tony felt his esophagus start to tighten, the need for oxygen becoming foreign to him. He swallowed as best as he could, a gasp for air finding its way to bring oxygen into his lungs. "Are... Are they going to be ok? Can I see them?"
"It's ok babe, I'm right here. I'm right here with you, you're gonna be ok." The soldier held him tighter, but not too tight so that he might hurt Tony, but just tight enough so that he could hold Tony closer to his body. "Shh, it's ok. What happened? Where's Wanda?"
"I wanna help you..." He gripped the soldier's shirt tight within his fist, knuckles turning white, face pressed against his chest. It was hard for Tony not to worry about him, considering how close they are. It was annoying how S.H.I.E.L.D. just decides when it's a good time to send their agents out on the field, but that's the thing, really, Steve isn't an agent, and just because S.H.I.E.L.D. was the one who thawed him out of the ice,
"Oh, of course. Why wouldn't I be? It's not like the asshole behind the door kidnapped my boyfriend or anything." Tony sassed. Fury raised an eyebrow at him, causing the genius to roll his eyes. "Long story, can you just let me in?" Fury looked at him for a few more minutes before he turned around, leading them down the hallway, past the other occupied cell doors until they turned a corner and came face to face with the cell door that held the captive alien. Fury inputted the pin on the lock pad, let the scanner scan his eye, and opened the door, holding it open for Tony.
The outside of the ring had said, the words resting above the silver band. He loved it, he absolutely loved the ring, and he for sure loved this man standing right in front of him, with the biggest, happiest, and most love-filled smile he's ever seen.
He remembers waking up early in the morning, slipping out of Steve's arms quietly. He first picked up the discarded sketchbook on the floor and placed it gently onto the desk next to the be. He then made a quiet exit out of the room and traversed the facility, trying to find the kitchen as he wanted to make Steve breakfast in bed. He never did find the kitchen, rather he found himself sidetracked as he came across the science department again.
"I... Love... You." Tony whispered. That's when his body went limp, and the world around him was lost into darkness. That's when Steve kept pleading, begging, asking him to be ok. He held the genius close to his body, the tears continuing to flow down his cheeks as he waited on the roof. He didn't want to let go, he didn't want to live a life without the brunette in it, but once Thor had said the paramedics arrived, that's when he had to let go, watching as Tony's lifeless body was transported, and there was nothing Steve could do except hope that everything was going to be ok, but the fear that Tony might have just died in his arms spoke louder, overshadowing the hope he had.
"Well, the way I see it, you acknowledge the fact you messed up. You got in someone's head and brought their deepest fears forth, messed with their thought process, and you seem to know the full extent of your powers. How about you use that for good?" He explained, walking back to his stool, sitting down once more but still facing her as he spoke.
"Wow, nobody told me we were having a movie night!" And just like that, it had to be ruined by none other than bird brain himself, Clint Barton. Tony rolled his eyes and successfully kept the groan that so desperately wanted to escape out of his mouth. "Hope I'm not interrupting anything." Tony glared at him as he settled himself onto the couch adjacent to them, a small smirk on his face.
Not just his hands, even though they are made to create and give birth to many great inventions, or simply to hold, or pleasure a loved one, they are still dangerous in the sense that they can break a person's heart. And he knows that he has broken Steve's heart- not once, but inexplicably twice. Why does he do this to those he loves?
"Of course I do, I was just wondering if you were going to lie to me or not. That and T'Challa told me on his way out, said you might need some backup." She says, walking over to him casually. "Just hope you don't mind me bringing a plus one." He was confused at first, but then another set of boots thudding against the silver tiles of the facility caught his ears, and he looked away from her face for just a split second to see-
"I would advise you to take it easy, Captain Roger's. You have recently come back from S.H.I.E.L.D. medical despite your injuries, so please, don't overexert yourself." There was a hint of worry in Jarvis's voice that Steve recognized right away. It was also nice to know just how fond the AI was towards him.
I mean, he gets that he's done quite a few messed up things recently, but overall he isn't a bad guy. He also expected to see clouds, standing on top of them and noticing the blue sky all around him while the golden gates of heaven opened up for him, a sign that God has accepted him with open arms. Instead, that's literally what he didn't get.
Once Tony paid for both of their meals, much to Steve's displeasure, they walked through the park back towards Stark tower. It was a peaceful walk through the park, walking side by side, Steve enjoying the sights mother nature had to offer; as if the park was the only thing untouched by time, and it made him happy to see that. Tony enjoyed the time he spent with Steve, which if he was honest with himself, he thought was going to be boring, but the soldier happily went along with whatever Tony wanted to do, which was a surprise for him.
I found myself back at home, and I remember this particular scene. My footsteps were loud in my ear, but the sobbing was even louder. I watched my younger self, knees up to his chest, head hidden and arms wrapped around himself, sitting next to an open door. I remember coming home and finding my mother was dead, tuberculosis finally got to her, and I... I sat here next to the open door, sobbing so hard it hurt my chest.
"That's perfectly f-fine with me, d-doll." And it was absolutely fine with him. He didn't need lobster or steak, accompanied with red or white wine, he didn't need anything fancy, something this simple will do because as long as Tony was here it's just perfect. He reaches into one of the Burger King bags and takes out a burger and set of fries for Tony before he reaches into the other bag and grabs his own. He unwraps the burger, unleashing the succulent smell of melted cheese and perfectly cooked, crispy, sizzling bacon, and oh so juicy well-cooked meat. It makes his mouth water a bit, but instead of taking a bite of the burger, he holds it out for Tony to eat first instead.
"See guys, I told you Tony couldn't resist helping out in his own special way," Steve said. He rolled his eyes and shook his head, cursing to himself at how right the soldier was.
Only ten more chapters to go! I do hope you are enjoying the story so far, and thank you to everyone who has sent kudos, and those who have commeted on the story. I do hope you enjoy seeing how this story finishes, as we're nearly there to the end!
"There are some things I wish I didn't know." It was the change in her voice that made him slightly stiffen, as well as the way her lips formed into a straight line. "Steve... He got real low one time and Uhm... He held a gun to his head and was contemplating ending it. He waited so many months, so many days for you to call. In a way, you saved him, by calling him, even if it was just to hand him over to Ross. So, I would think about that and go talk to him."
"If you insist, sir." He stood up from his bed and went back over to his closet, reaching and grabbing the duffel bag he used for the gym. He figured if he was going to clear his mind, the gym was the only place he knew where, and punching bags until they burst, and their innards spill sand on the floor from his super strength was the only way he knew how.
That was the first heartbreak he experienced when he put the plane in the water and lost the girl for the first time. His second instance with the same person was getting that text message on his phone, saying that she had passed away. He tried to remain strong, but he couldn't fight back the tears and the burning ache in his heart that came from his heartstrings being pulled, tested to their limits as they threatened to tear.
Would Ross come looking for him? Would he be able to find him, is also the question, since Steve still had zero ideas where the hell he was, and it actually was in a way testing his patience. If he's going to be Tony's makeshift prisoner, he could at least tell him where he is so he could have some sense of direction.
"I have to say, to me personally you kinda deserved it. Well, not kinda, you did deserve to get shot and knocked up." He said, his eyes staring into mine. I didn't like the way he was looking at me, it didn't feel like this was the man I spent my life getting to know. But he was standing right there, this had to be Tony right?
"Ms. Romanoff is requesting access to enter your lab." Oh fuck, he must've messed up big time if Natasha was coming down here. What was the Black Widow going to do to him? Well for starters she would probably kick his ass for his stupidity, or maybe she won't waste any time to kill him right here and now by just shooting him. He shuddered at the mere thought of Natasha coming in here and wiping him off the face of the Earth, but if he sat here any longer and she continued to wait outside the door, his chances of survival and pleading for his life were slim to none.
"Steve," he called the soldier's name softly, "I would never, and I mean it when I say I would never, take advantage of you like that."
The elevator dinged and he made his way towards the kitchen, the smell of bacon wafted through the air under his nose as he got closer.
It was the middle of the day, and the sounds of robots scurrying across the lab, mixed in with the swears and the shouts of a certain browned, curly-haired genius, were never dull at this time of the day. It's been three weeks already, and Tony can say with certainty that he finally feels ready to start a relationship with the good Captain, however, he doubts that he'll tell him any time soon since he still has those nagging feelings that tell him he isn't good enough. In the meantime during those three weeks, he's spent his quality time with Steve, going on dinner dates, finally touching the surface of Star Wars, which was funny in itself since there were a lot of pop culture references for Steve to get, nonetheless, he liked it.
He nodded his head as best as he could, not taking his eyes off of Tony's for even a second. He noticed the small orange hue that danced around in his brown iris, comparable to the way a flame seemed to dance when it was exposed to an air source current blowing on it from the side. It not only contrasted his brown eyes, but in a way, the orange complimented it, made it all the more beautiful.
"Hmm? Oh, nothing. Just enjoying the way you're trying so hard to keep the emotion out of your voice at how much you enjoy me touching you." He whispered, letting his fingers breach past Tony's boxers, slowly sliding downwards, brushing across his thighs.
I would like to say that I hope I'm not making Steve OOC at all in this story, but I am generally trying to show that a tough character like Steve, courageous, and otherwise physically and mentally strong, can easily break when emotions come into plan. Either way, I hope you enjoy chapter two!
Tony sat there, momentarily stunned and not quite sure how to process what happened. Steve just touched him intimately, and then he just straight up blue balled him. In a way, he actually liked the way Steve made him feel, it turned him on, and he wanted more of it. Not the blue balling sensation, but Steve touching his body in a way that nobody else, not even Pepper, got to. Man, he has it bad for the soldier, but at this point, he stopped thinking that it was a bad thing.
He thought to himself, feeling the first trickle of water from his tear ducts cascade down his cheek as he watched himself dive nose-first into the arctic water, sacrificing himself so the rest of the world could live and carry on, while in reality he actually froze himself for 70 years. The distant sound of Peggy's voice echoed into his mind, and everything just became too much.
he thinks to himself as he gets closer to the edge. He inhales deeply and exhales slowly, turning around and noticing Steve, a two-finger salute cast in his direction. Under the helmet, he simply smiled and returned the gesture before he opened his arms wide, and fell backward out of the plane.
He thinks to himself, that he's not good enough for Tony anymore. He thinks to himself, why would Tony want someone who's broken, or damaged goods, when he could find someone better, more suitable for him. Why have someone who can't communicate properly anymore, as well as someone who can't see well out of one eye, when the genius could simply just be done with him and go after someone else worthy of his time? It's the confidence he's lost that makes him feel this way, and it's the lost confidence that eats away at him, lets his mind think all these negative thoughts about himself that destroy him from the inside.
As they got closer to the Triskelion, they could see the mass hoard of creatures running to and from the building. The geniuses' eyes were so focused on the streets and the building, that he didn't see the yellow beam of energy coming towards him until it was too late. His eyes widened as the beam got closer to him, he attempted to barrel to the left out of the beam's way, but he was too slow and it hit him square in his right shoulder. It destroyed the majority of the suit, cutting off power to Tony's right gauntlet, sending him into a teeter mid-air as he started to descend towards the ground.
Before they knew it, the restaurant was already upon them. Steve held the door open for Tony, allowing him to walk through the door first before entering himself. The receptionist smiled at seeing them, wasting no time in showing them exactly where their table was. It was pretty weird for Steve, considering he was sure that you had to make reservations previous to the night you were planning out to eat. Unless...
"It's gonna take a while for Clint to wake up, and he's certainly not going to be one hundred percent, but he should be ok. His injuries are really severe, but the antibiotics are doing their best." Bruce informed him. Tony was the one to call Bruce down to S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ, considering he didn't really trust their team of medical professionals to tell him how his friends were actually doing. With Bruce here, some of the tension from his body washed away, and he let out a small sigh.
And he did. It was the resolve in the faint care in Tony's eyes, swimming in his irises. He still trusted this man, despite him betraying him from the start. And God, Steve is willing to risk it
He hated how vulnerable he was when it happened; not just because he allowed himself to believe that even for a second Tony
"I thought it was weird I saw you. It's like you weren't yourself, and then suddenly you attacked me. I think they take on the forms of people we care the most about, making it hard for us to fight back. Then when our guard is down, heh, well ya get mauled." He sighed heavily and let his head look towards the side at Natasha, taking in every one of her bruises. "They really fucked you up, huh?"
"Home sweet home," Tony said with a smile on his face. Steve shook his head and chuckled, a warm, loving smile on his face as he laid down next to Tony.
"Alright, let's get this over with." He pushes the door wide open, and in an instant there are guns pointed in his direction, scattered around the room. He holds up his hands in surrender. "No need to shoot guys." And before any of the steady, trained fingers on each gun can pull the trigger, he's the first one to shoot six missiles at each of their corresponding targets, watching them all convulse as their weapons drop and their bodies hit the floor. "Let me do the shooting instead." He quipped.
And needless to say, he hated it. He didn't hate the therapy himself, because he knew he needed it to try and talk again. But it didn't stop the self-hatred. It was horrible for him to say the least; every word they made him say was putting strain on his voice because every word started, or ended with a stutter. It made him shut himself off more than he already was, making it so he didn't want to try anymore.
"No, no I wanna do this it's just... Different, being on this side." It was cute how Steve blushed when he spoke about being the bottom, it made Tony smile and kiss his thigh again. "I-I"m ready when you are." He nodded his head and cast his gaze downwards again, rubbing his finger against Steve's tight entrance. He leaned in closer, retracting his finger, his hot breath making Steve shiver in response. "Tony, what are you... Oh! Ooh!" He moaned when he felt something wet enter him. Tony's tongue worked wonders inside, licking his walls and lapping against his hole, making the soldier a moaning mess. He pulled back shortly after giving Steve a rim job, his tongue circling his entrance ever so slowly as if he was trying to map this particular area of Steve carefully. With one last long, slow run of up tongue up Steve's pink hole, which made the soldier shiver in unimaginable pleasure, he leaned over him and pulled back a drawer he knew contained his bottle of lube. He popped the cap and squirted a small amount in his hand, coating himself first before placing a wet finger back at Steve's hole.
He tapped his chest, making the nanites retract back into the nanoreactor, giving both him and Steve some skin-to-skin contact. He leaned down and placed a careful, calculated kiss on his cheek, missing the blood on his face and the glass etched into it, making the soldier smile just a little. And it might be morbid in a way, but God Tony cannot help but think that he's just so beautiful; and he's not saying it in regards to his physical appearance, because then it truly is morbid, but it's just the way Steve lets his personality out. His eyes, while glossy and somewhat distant, still hold this powerful look over him as they look at each other. He can see the green pooling around his pupil, complimenting the deep ocean blue of his iris as he sees the familiar wave of an emotion he's seen so many times before in Steve's eyes. At this moment, it's only ten times more strong because he can feel how scared Steve is for his life, but yet he's calm and relaxed because he's accepted it, and it makes his own brown iris convey the terror he has nestled deep down, which in return makes Steve reach up and run his thumb over his cheek. And he leans into the gesture because it's the soft touch of a loved one he's craved for so long, denied of it from a child and missing it from Pepper, he receives it from a man he's admired as a child, and loved as an adult, even if there was a moment where he hated this soldier, love was always more powerful for him.
"As soon as w-we get inside, I w-want you t-two to keep guard and s-stop anybody who tries to in-interfere. I'll go get T-Tony, and bring him b-back." It was a simple plan, but it was pretty much self-explanatory what needed to be done: infiltrate the Raft, take out any guards, bring back the genius.
"I love you." He whispered to himself, staring at the one sketch he has of them cuddling in his room. He presses his soft lips against the smooth, papery surface, kissing it with a touch as light as a feather. He couldn't do this to Tony, because for one, he knows the genius harbors no feelings other than hate towards him, and the fact that he's damaged that genius immensely. He's lost all privilege to touch, hold, kiss, and hell, maybe even
And poor Tony, who sits so far away from him on the other side of the Quinjet, sending him small smiles of reassurance full of so much love, does it hurt him even more. It's Tony who's sacrificing the most, giving him the space he needs, but also the space he doesn't want. It's conflicting for him, because he
"You know damn well that I had no choice." He replied, which only seemed to piss off the genius even more.
Tony pulled himself out of Steve, the soldier whimpering at the loss as Tony stood up and went to the bathroom. Steve listened to the sound of running water from a faucet before Tony came back with a damp washcloth. He sat down at the edge of the bed, pressing the cloth to Steve's stomach, cleaning him up first before attending to himself. He walked back into the bathroom and washed the cloth once more, letting it sit on the edge of the counter once he was done. He made his way back to his lover, Steve snuggling up close to his side, his head rested close to his arc reactor.
His breath was caught in his throat as he saw the soldier lying there, in the middle of the room, curled in on himself. The good thing was that the soldier was asleep, but sleeping on the floor obviously wasn't the most comfortable thing to do. He was conflicted for a moment, deciding whether to just leave the sketchbook and art supplies for Steve to find in the morning, or helping the blonde onto his bed, or maybe even just leaving him there. No, leaving him there is a dick move, and even though Tony can be an asshole from time to time, he wasn't a dick. There is a difference, believe it or not.
"Hey, Tin Can!" A voice yelled, causing the two males to separate. Tony groaned in response, already knowing who the voice belonged to. "Come on Tony, where you at!? We gotta celebrate, we're all back together!"
"I'm sorry, too. God, I'm so fucking sorry, Steve." He swears, and that's completely fine with the soldier. He doesn't need to say "language" to lighten the mood, because he's already enjoying the warm embrace of the man he loves. He's craved this for so long, and even if he might be close to his death bed, what with all the blood he knows he's losing, he's going to savor this for as long as he can, because he's done running. He's right where he wants to be. In Tony's loving embrace, in his arms, that wrap around his stature so perfectly that only the genius knows where to put his hands, and where he likes the genius to put them. And as he looks into those mesmerizing eyes does he have the courage to speak his mind on what he has truly been wanting all this time.
He grabbed the back of Steve's knees and held them up, lowering his face towards Steve's entrance. He released one of his legs, bringing his hand closer towards his entrance and teasing him with his index finger. He could visibly see the soldier stiffen, making him lookup.
He sighed to himself and rested his cheek on his open palm, elbow on the table, staring at the coffee machine. He narrowed his eyes, as silly as it might seem, but he really wanted a nice hot cup of Joe, but for the life of him he couldn't quite grasp how to work the damn thing. It was too... Advanced, he would say, for someone like him. Everything was too advanced; the remotes, the TV, hell, even the disembodied voice he continued to hear each day still startled him. It was all too much for Steve, but what could he really do? He was stuck, in a not so delicate way of putting it, in this time period he couldn't quite adapt to. The only thing that really took the edge off of this feeling of loneliness, was that the music from the forties still existed. That, and the fact he still had his sketchbook to return to when the day proved to be too stressful. But life was never really easy in Stark Tower.
He shakes his head and mentally slaps himself. Steve isn't dead, he couldn't possibly be dead. Sure he's not immortal, but there have been times where he was supposed to have died and he's made it out just fine. It's the hope he carries in his heart, that beats proudly in his chest, spreading that hope through his bloodstream that makes him continue to chant in his head that Steve is alive.
He doesn't know how long he's been flying for, but once the calm waves of the clear blue ocean turn a darker, more greyish shade, and the waves crashed into each other, mixing with the heavy rain that made a hard pitter-patter against his suit, was he getting closer to his destination. He's not going to lie and say he's got this totally under control, because really anything can happen. Knowing Ross, he's obviously not stupid, and he's not going to let Tony simply slip under his radar. It was a risk he was willing to take.
"No," he said firmly, "even if this is a trap, even if it's not Hydra's doing, we should still try to figure out why we were sent here. I trust Iron Man will be able to crack the encryption and we'll be able to figure out what's going on here."
"Why the pity? You could be done with me right here and now, and nobody would be able to piece together everything. Or is there a reason you're keeping me alive?"
"I'll be sure to remember that the next time I see you." She commented, a slight smirk on her lips. He looked at her with one eyebrow raised, confusion very much visible on his face. He looked at Steve for some sort of explanation, and well, let's just say the soldier understood what she was trying to say, but decided to act if he didn't know the joke she was making.
"Yes, we can easily take care of ourselves, but this is Hydra we're speaking of. Considering you and your history with them, Fury thought-"
some evil alien asshole to threaten to take over earth, or plan on wiping out half of all life on Earth, just something to disturb the quietness that is New York.
"Miss you too, honey bear." Steve's adorable giggle was the last thing he heard before the call ended. He grabbed his phone and turned around, staring at the couch. Should he sleep in here, or should he actually drag his ass all the way to his room and fall asleep there? Fuck it, he was too lazy at the moment and he knew regardless he was going to be busy the next few days, considering he still had to work on his suit, and once he was finished with that, maybe another robot he could build for Dum-E. Was he going to regret it, possible, but at least it kept his mind busy? He grabbed the blanket from its place on the couch and gently laid himself down. He was surprised the couch still smelled like the super-soldier, a nice vanilla scent still fresh on the cushions. He doesn't know when he passed out, but he was sure that he was enjoying the scent of Steve so much that he dreamed the man was there, cuddling him as he fell asleep happily.
Tony could feel the guilt dripping off of him, slowly crawling down his skin, leaving ghostly scratch marks littering his body as a reminder of what he did. His footsteps were heavy and his breathing felt shallow with every inch closer towards Steve. The soldier didn't move one inch, he didn't stir, he continued to stay there, unmoving, untouched. He swallowed the lump in his throat as he reached Steve, standing above him and looking down. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words were caught in his throat, trapped by an invisible hand clamped around his throat. He swallowed again and let his back come into contact with the wall, bending his knees as he slid down, sitting next to the blonde who continued to not even acknowledge his presence. He stayed like that for quite some time, the guilt gnawing away at him, his nerves raised on edge, until finally... He cracked.
The two heroes walked hand in hand, neither wanting to separate from each other even when they had to go to separate floors to grab their gear. They stayed with each other, making sure the other had everything they needed for the upcoming fight ahead.
He was so caught up in his emotional turmoil, as he would classify it; because initially, that's what he's experiencing, that he never noticed the elevator stopped with a ding. Ass the elevator doors opened, he saw Fury waiting for him, dressed in his usual all-black clothing, with his signature black trench coat to cover over his normal clothing, and his signature black eye patch.
"Tony, I do trust you." He spoke quietly. The soldier took it upon himself to lean upwards slightly, catching the genius off guard as his lips were captured by the blonde. He could feel Steve's smile widen as he kissed back, a gentle hand placed on his cheek before they broke away. "I know it's going to be hard adjusting to the way I'm acting, but we can get through this, right?"
was, that he actually would be able to get some sleep. He also didn't expect the collar around his neck to stop sending vigorous amounts of electricity throughout his body. Maybe Tony felt sorry for him- no, there's no way the genius would have stopped the collar out of pity for him. But that still doesn't explain why it suddenly stopped. It didn't really matter at this point, he had other things to think about.
Howard shuddered, eyes wide and supplicant as he feebly said, “I didn’t know. I swear I didn’t know. I wouldn’t have allowed if I knew you were—”
Tony blinked, taken aback. Seriously? Both father and son had the ability of look like kicked puppies? Now that just wasn't fair.
“What now, boss?” Happy asked, and wasn’t that the golden question? Tony could only shoot his friend a helpless look, and before he could open his mouth to try and say anything, the big side door that gave access to outside swung open, giving passage to a very hurried Steve.
"As you can see here, Peter lived up to our expectations when he was first admitted into our school through the Stark Scholarship program I've set in motion last year. The passing grade was 75 minimum, but since he scored nothing less than 98 points on a test considered quite difficult for children his age, we had high hopes he would thrive in our school, which he did." JARVIS kept showcasing each of Peter's grades on the different subjects of the school, and the lowest grade had been a B+ up until now, "Now, regarding your much privileged son who actually got to easily enter my school without the need of any aid since you are able to pay it, I fear that the results are far less impressive.”
yourself?” Tony ran his hands up from Steve’s chest down his muscled arms, humming appreciatively as Steve shivered under his touch, “All of this, untouched… feels almost like a crime.”
, a surprised moan erupted from Tony’s throat, which had Steve snapping his head up to stare at him - eyes fully blown and sparkling with interest.
“Peter, look!” May squealed, seeming to finally have taken notice of her nephew’s arrival, and beamed brightly at him while pointing at the TV, “Your boss and Captain America are getting married!”
Tony had froze in place, turning to look at his daughter in shock as Pepper stared at him wide-eyes - spoon of food hanging in the air while Morgan continued to reach for him, happily chanting “Da! Da! Da!”
The footage had been mostly sped forward, however, since there wasn’t much activity on the tapes. Some things with Vision and Wanda before everything went to shit — Vision, damn, it still hurt to think about him —, or little moments between him and Rhodey during his rehabilitation program. It was proving to be a task that was only adding to Tony’s boredom, when something quite specific caught his attention and had him requesting F.R.I.D.A.Y. to rewind the footage, that being the reason why Tony was currently gawking at the screen.
Tony was supposed to be having a good day. He had woken up in a great mood — despite the fact he went to bed at 3AM after having a particular ingenious breakthrough —, got a big breakfast, and once he left the house while bidding Mrs. Rosa farewell with a megawatt smile that had the old lady raising a brow at him while she vacuumed the floor, he was 100% sure today was meant to be a fantastic day filled with great surprises.
“-and a heart that knows how to do what’s right, no matter what.” Steve finished fondly, earning a pout from Tony, which he promptly kissed, “Give Queens another chance, love. Disobeying or not, he did great stopping the scavenger, even though we failed to give him the benefit of the doubt. We owe him that, you know?”
The sudden harshness in his tone caused Flash to flinch, but Tony did not relent. One of the most important rules he had decreed for the academy was a "no bullying policy”, something his mother had confided on him she wished to exercise in the future academy she had been planning to build – but never got to due the accident that cost her life –, and it was widely known to anyone in the school that he could be rather unforgiving if said rule was to be ignored. Pepper had coaxed him into giving at least the younger kids the benefit of the doubt and a two strike mark since they were just that — kids that were learning, but that leniency did not apply to the teens, and Tony lost the count of how many kids he unceremoniously kicked out of his school because of that.
“Shhh, it’s fine sweetheart.” Steve nosed at Tony’s hair, breathing heavily as he allowed Tony to get used to their connection, “I’m so grateful. Thank you so much.”
! It was always amusing — and even cute — to Tony how Steve often dressed as an old man who just bought clothes from the local thrift shop, but now, as Steve stretched himself while walking down the platform and his rippling muscles marked and
pay attention to the man before him, and something inside him just forced him to do it in that moment. Steve was basking in the glow of the moon, with just half of his face illuminated by the light as the other half remained in the dark. He was still using the shirt he had been wearing earlier while they were chopping wood, and Tony couldn’t help but to remember how the man easily ripped off a log in half with his bare hands. The gesture had briefly intimidated Tony, but now that he thought about it, there was also a part of him that responded rather… sexually… to the display of raw strength, and right now, the same powerful arms were surrounding him and held him hostage as he stared into Captain America’s earnest blue eyes and lost himself into their depths.
“So… that’s why we’re hurrying up?” Tiberius pursed his lips in dismay, “Because the Captain will regain his control if he catches a whiff of Anthony?”
Tony remembers looking into those bright blue eyes for the first time in a long time and feeling the walls he had raised around his heart trembling. “
Mary, who suddenly jumped out of the swing and took her hand, walking away pulling her along, “Come.”
Tony snorted as he closed the door of Carol’s room and turned to her, who was seated on the bed and leaning against the cushioned headboard with her right arm in a sling; one of her eyebrows quirked up as she stared at Tony in both amusement and confusion. He sighed.
we should be concerned about at the moment. He is a dangerous man, and his allegiance to Howard and Maria was the reason why I took so long to set this plan in motion, or do you think I had the Northern Kingdoms attacked for no reason?”
Tony tried to agree, but the only thing that came out of his mouth was another set of whimpers. Steve held on his wrists and rested his head on the crook of Tony’s neck, quickening the pace and strength of his thrusts and successfully causing Tony to yell and pant out his name in the most sensual ways possible. Steve only needed to move three other times before they reached their climax, and Tony gasped out in blissful pleasure as he came with a hoarse scream at the same time Steve spent himself within his intimacy, crashing against him on a heap of sweat and limbs as both panted.
The tips of Steve’s ears became pink, just like the rest of his face as he stared at Tony as if he hung the moons and stars currently shining above them. “Yeah…”
"Tony!" Bruce protested as he was unwillingly dragged into the metal box that began to move as soon as they entered it, "Are you serious about this? I was just joking!"
He had gone to the kitchen to try and figure something a newborn could have that wasn’t her mother’s milk, when he found three bottles on top of the counter with a letter by the side. He picked one of the bottles with a label that read “maternity milk” on it and gave it to Morgan, who immediately began to drink as he shakily picked up the letter and began to read.
“Yes!” Mary nodded excitedly, “So, I was thinking, can we go bowling? It’s not far from here, and you promised you’d take me anyway this weekend, daddy.”
"I honestly cannot believe you," Tony muttered, eyes softening like they never had before. To think Steve was going through all this trouble to impress him, actually planning a whole evening where he would confess and—
“But I haven’t,” Steve argued softly, caressing Tony’s face in such a tender way that Tony felt like he was about to melt into the mattress, “And I’ll never stop trying to make it up to you. You deserve that much.”
. That’s weird. “Yeah, well, that was an accident. Junior was not supposed to murder his older brother and nor go out on a killing-spree.”
“Bad enough that I wish I didn’t need to tell you.” Steve ground out, and Tony could picture the man’s jaw clenching. “But I have the feeling that if I don’t, you’ll never forgive me.”
Tony shook his head violently, willing his heart to calm down as it hammered against his ribcage. God, he never felt like this, way less after meeting the person for the first time.
“I’m serious, Steve.” Tony removed Steve’s hand from his face and placed a kiss on his knuckles, “as heavy as it may be, I’m sure we’ll figure out. We can figure anything out, as long as we’re together.”
Steve’s smile was singlehandedly the prettiest thing Tony had ever seen, "That's amazing... I don't think I've ever seen something like this on a school. I, myself, had to deal with my fair share of bullies back in my school days, so I really appreciate it."
Tony laughed heartily at that, resting his forehead against Steve’s chest, “That’s what you’ll argue with? Not the fact I just called you a virgin?”
Tony honestly didn’t remember the last time he felt such an amount of overwhelming pleasure in his life, but it was being difficult to stay on his knees as Steve thrusted in and out in a languid pace that was nothing short of torture. His mind blanked out every single stroke, and he felt himself contract against Steve whenever he made himself at home inside, causing the man to grunt and growl like an animal and successfully spike up Tony’s overwhelming arousal. “F-faster,” he requested in between strangled moans, “Faster, S-Steve.”
The door creaked open and Natasha's stony expression appeared from the crack, "Mr. Stark, Peter's father is here."
Tony continued to laugh, hiding his face against Steve's neck as he stepped inside the elevator, "If anyone sees me like this, then they definitely will never respect me!"
get Tony to cooperate with you and do whatever you need to make that happen. See that it’s done by the end of the night, because we are leaving at first light. We need to put some distance between us and the Captain’s man-eating wolves if we want to have any chance to keep what we acquired.”
“Maria asked me not to,” Steve ground out, his tone shaky, “She warned me something didn’t feel right about this, that she had a bad feeling. I thought it was something about our safety, so of course I did nothing but assure her we would be fine, because of
Regardless!!! A few TWs for this chapter, lovelies. We will dwelve in Tony's past, and let me tell you, it ain't no easy ride. When I said he is struggling he is struggling A LOT, and you'll see why, mainly where Steve is concerned. We also will understand why little Morgan is so determined to make this work, and I can only promise you guys this: it will be heartbreaking, but necessary.
“Steve, are we seriously rushing into battle like this?!” Bucky bellowed in concern as he watched Steve jump on Dodger’s back, “We don’t even have a plan of attack yet!”
Peter Parker was not like the other students in the Maria Stark Academy. Other than incredibly brilliant for his age, Peter also came from a rather humble family that consisted of him, a younger sister and his single father, whom Tony had never had the pleasure to meet in person. The only one who had seen the man had been Natasha, since Tony was usually caught up with something else. Romanoff was to the Academy what Pepper was to Stark Industries: a relentless force that cares for everything while Tony sits back and works on the gadgets and ideas that will bring profit to his company and improve the academy's conditions. He used to say that his incredible brain shouldn't be bothered with the trivial since it could disrupt his genius, and they always ended up humoring him — or ignoring him, in Natasha's case.
"Apologize!" Peter was suddenly on his feet again and chesting Flash, who had been laughing with his little group. "Apologize right now!"
“Tony, I- Listen...” Steve ran a frustrated hand through his hair, messing it up quite a bit, “I know what I did was unforgivable, and I understand if you don’t wish to forgive me, but please, just give me a chance to try and make this right,” he inhaled sharply, “you have no idea how much I missed you, and how much I wanted to reach us for us to talk again, but I just
Tony’s urge to fall into yet another heated argument died at his throat as he frowned at the man in front of him, “What do you mean ‘we’ can’t lead? If I remember correctly,
Steve gently laid him down on the bed again and kissed him tenderly, travelling down with his kisses through his goatee and down his throat. His kisses were small and tender, but each time Steve’s lips touched Tony’s skin it was like that little spot had been electrified in the most pleasant way possible, and as Steve found one of Tony’s nipples and sucked at it,
It was not hard to understand why, however. With a mother like that and a clearly absent father — Peter's god of a father was single for some reason Tony couldn't understand, but as far as he knew Flash had both of his parents, and his father just happened to not be present. Figures —, the recipe for a little bully on the making was there for everyone to see.
Tony watched as realization seemed to dawn on his father, and he saw Howard grow pale in a way he had never seen before, which didn’t bode well, “N-no, it can’t be. Those were just tales, there’s no way—”
"Sure, big guy," Tony agreed softy, reaching for Steve's cheek and caressing it, feeling his heart do a flip as the smile on Steve's lips broadened beautifully and showcased his perfect teeth, "I have some secret Italian recipes my mama taught me, so we can prepare them and bundle up on the couch for a Star Wars marathon."
"Just something I've been hoping to do for awhile now, but never really had the courage to." He smiled bashfully, his beautifully ivory teeth barely showing, "Nat has been helping me out with it."
“For crying out loud- fine! But no sweets! I’m not dealing with two six year olds on a sugar rush, missies.”
Tony held back a scoff. His personal Greek God slaved away while fixing dumb ass boats probably for dumb ass rich people like himself? Unacceptable.
He wasn’t called Captain of Realms for nothing, and he would be sure to remind those two exactly why he earned that title.
chance against that troglodyte!” Obadiah hissed, causing Tiberius to flinch. “We might need to run now, but we won’t be able to keep Tony from his knowledge for much longer, which means that sooner than later we
“I’m cooking dinner and already let the kids know you’d be arriving soon, will you take too long? Harley was excited to show you something new he was working on, and Mary literally just stopped crying about missing you when I let her play around with my art utensils.”
, and he never hurt us either. He’s... nice with us, I guess. Brings gifts and tells us stories when he’s around visiting daddy or staying over.”
“Hey,” Steve called, which caused Tony to turn towards him and see that Steve had rolled to the side, arm bent with his elbow on the bed while his cheek rested against his palm and he sported a warm smile that caused Tony’s heart to leap inside his chest.
And as the night went by, with them making a mess in the kitchen while cooking, enjoying their meal while cuddling and watching the movie, or even when the movie became far less interesting than exploring each other's mouths, Tony understood one thing: If he was small, it was only because he was meant to complement Steve Rogers, who made it clear they always would stand in equal footing — no matter his height — as equals, leaders... and
“Photographic memory, babe,” Steve teased, snatching the pillow away and pulling Tony into another kiss, causing the engineer to end up laughing against his lips. They separated, faces inch apart and beaming at each other with laughter flushed cheeks, “Besides, there’s nothing I would forget about you, serum or not.”
Tony turned around to the families, and his expression must have been mirroring how he felt, because the only person who didn't flinch before his fiery gaze was Peter's father – who he would now address as Mr. Rogers, because he absolutely loved that name.
Steve nodded, “Do you really think I didn’t know what you planned to do with that gauntlet?” He questions softly, causing Tony to gasp in surprise. Steve nods again, “It was me who sent Danvers after you and Thanos.”
“Steve,” Tony whispered, loving the sensation of that soft beard brushing against his skin, “Fuck. I’m never letting you shave again.”
are the expert in the present, Tony. You give us imprenetable uniforms, gadgets that facilitate missions, a whole jet that can get
too right now. Not when Steve was right by his side, looking mighty different and doing all sort of things to Tony’s insides just by
?” Tiberius sneered, sounding disgusted, “How can a mere servant be useful as leverage against a rich spoiled brat?”
Steve brought his fingers to his mouth and sucked Tony’s come out of them, staring at Tony while doing it for some absurd reason the engineer couldn’t really understand other than maybe getting him to cum again. “You taste delicious, as well.”
Reigning in his derailing thoughts once again — what did kids these days call this behavior on twitter? Being ‘horny on main’? — Tony moved his focus back to Peter, and offered him the most friendly smile Tony Stark could display, which wasn't that hard. He really liked the kid. "So, Peter was it?" His little head bobbed up and down. "I've already heard Flash's version over and over again, but you just briefly spoke about yours. Care to elaborate?"
Tony wanted to scream at the absurdity of it all, but he couldn’t do anything but melt into the embrace and enjoy the feeling of finally having Steve’s body against his, pouring warmth and power, but also holding him as if he was something delicate, worth of gentleness and protection. He held Tony like he cared.
“What? No!” Steve panicked, and Tony had to hold back the urge to laugh at his fumbling, “I didn’t mean to- no, no you were great, you still feel great, you are-” Steve trailed off while looking up at him, and Tony felt a pair of calloused hands travelling up his waist and under his shirt, sending small sparks of electricity through his body that momentarily dazed Tony. Steve continued to look at him, seeming at a loss of words, until he finally urged himself to speak again, sounding as parched as Tony felt, “You are beautiful.”
“That’s such a shame! I was hoping to get to know him before I take what is rightfully mine!” He whined, pouring himself a glass of scotch from the bottle sitting on top of the desk and taking a sip, smiling widely as he did, “Ah, now that’s the good stuff.”
The teenager quickly reached the door to his apartment with his aunt, fussing with the keys for a moment before finding the right one to open the door and step inside. As soon as he did, he was ready to greet his aunt with a big, happy smile, and let her know he had been somewhat accepted back into the Stark Industries Internship, when his eyes fell on the news their simplistic TV was showing, which May seemed absolutely enthralled by, and he froze in shock.
It took him a second of consideration, but Tony finally moved his hand to meet with Steve's, feeling his eyes grow wide as dinner plates as the size difference stared right back at him.
in a matter of hours or minutes, not to mention the whole legion of robots you made in order to give us vital support. Of all the things I’ve got to know about in this new reality, you were the most impressive of all of them - way beyond what I remember Howard being,” Tony let out another shuddering breath before the mention of his father, but
Tiberius bellowed once more, this time, more affronted than terrified, “That’s preposterous! He is getting
But Steve's broad back came into his field of vision, and Tony forgot everything he was trying to say until the door closed behind the man with a soft 'click', and he was gone.
A HD image of Steve was plastered on it, but that didn’t happen to be the most striking fact. No, what had Tony freezing the footage to stare, was the fact that one Steven Grant Rogers had been sporting
“Sure was kid, and you passed,” Tony patted Peter’s shoulder lightly, trying to ignore how warm his heart became when the boy beamed at him at the affirmative, “now get outta here, and try not to do anything I would, yeah?”
“I’m telling you that you did fucking phenomenally, Rogers.” Tony rebuked tiredly, moaning loudly once Steve moved out of him and whimpering with the loss, “Ah, fuck. I don’t think I can walk for the next few hours.”
“Shhh, sweetheart.” Steve kissed the back of Tony’s neck, and he could feel him smile against his skin, “Watch your language.”
,” he suddenly ordered, causing the Vikings to stop and look at him in confusion, just like his group of advisers, “Who said that?”
, the beard. It both tickled and sent shivers all over him whenever Steve kissed any spot of his body, and when he got to work on pleasuring Tony with that absurdly talented mouth of his, Tony had to bite down at his lips to keep from screaming in pleasure.
Steve gave him a shy smile, cheeks still as rosy as before as he confessed, “Well… I had a lot of time to think about what is important to me, and what I treasure. Bucky is definitely part of that, but…” He trailed off, taking a bite of his lower lip as uncertainty swam in the oceans of his eyes, “Leaving you—
"The last thing I feel at the moment is disappointed," Tony assured him, closing his eyes and delighting himself to the feeling of being held so tight by those strong arms, "fuck, you are like a big and warm marshmallow, what the hell, Cap?"
Steve regarded him for a moment, gaze warm and thoughtful in a way that made metaphorical butterflies to sprout inside Tony’s stomach, then nodded between his hands, “I didn’t see why I should bother taking care of my appearance when I hated what I saw in the mirror,” he explained, bringing one of his large hands to eclipse one of Tony’s that rested against his face, nuzzling against it and closing his eyes, seeming to bask in the warmth of their joined touches and causing Tony’s already watery gaze to blur even further, “I hated to look at the mirror and see the man who had lied to you, who had the courage to betray you and who was able to leave you behind in that cold place after hurting you,” Steve opened his eyes, and Tony felt his breath stop once he noticed Steve’s beautiful blue eyes sparkle due unshed tears, “I hated him, and I wanted him gone, so I stopped caring.”
The simple fact that even though she barely saw Tony during an entire year she still recognized that
Obadiah shrugged, “I have no idea. There’s something strange about him that I never managed to figure out, but he clearly is no common man.
The redhead held her position for a moment longer, before stepping back and removing the blade from Howard’s neck, who released a shuddering breath and clutched his throat. “
when he was younger. He wondered and wondered, and most nights he wished Steve would just show who he truly was beneath the winged mask and the spandex. Of course that when that happened, Tony’s entire world had turned upside down with hurt, betrayal and heartbreak, but now, as he laid there being the target of those deep blue eyes that looked at him with so much honesty, and I dare say,
The mission was in Europe, where Steve, Wanda and Natasha would play the undercover part as a distraction while Sam and Bucky sought out important intel S.H.I.E.L.D. needed recovered. Tony had been very specific about what looks they should acquire during their time in the United Kingdom, and perhaps he slipped to Steve that a full beard would be a great idea since nobody would expect Captain America to not look perfectly shaven. Steve had already complained how often he had to shave or cut his hair, since the serum affected that growth rate as well, so it was a perfect disguise that naturally would appear in no time; therefore, during those two months, Steve would let it grow — no razors allowed.
“Well, you still did, didn’t you? So I guess it didn’t matter as much as you think.” He argued, causing Steve to finally look towards him and-
stepping down!” Steve hit his fist against the table with force enough for the makeshift furniture to crack, causing Bucky to close his eyes and sigh in resignation, “I’m not stopping until every single one of them is either dead or captured, and that serves for Hydra as well. If their attack on the Northern kingdoms were orchestrated by Stane, then
Morgan offered her a sheepish smile and a little wave, to which the girl stared confused for a moment, until she replicated the gesture. Wouldn’t hurt to try and be friendly, right? If she seemed as uncomfortable as Morgan normally felt, maybe they could become friends eventually, right?
to get over that, since I had a bunch of other bullshit to deal with aside the goddamn heartbreak you left me with, so forgive me if I don’t believe for a second you actually care about me and didn’t want to leave for whatever reason you had.”
Morgan scrunched up her nose and and lowered her eyes to her colorful notebook. Math classes were the
“Thank you so much,” Steve brought one of Tony’s hands to his lips, kissing at his knuckles and sending another wave of shivers down his entire body, “tell me what to do. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“C’mere,” Steve reached for him and pulled him against his chest, his dog-tags making little tingling noises above Tony’s head. “I want to just hold you for a bit, if you don’t mind.”
Tony shivered, the sparks from that simple touch of Steve’s lips causing his entire body to react, “Yeah.” He agreed, breathlessly, mindful of the way Steve’s other hand was tight against his hip.
Steve sighed, suddenly seeming unsure of himself. Tony internally scolded himself. This clearly was a touchy subject and he should know better than to be nosy.
“And I, you,” Tony rasped, his entire body trembling in desire under Steve’s gentle ministrations, “For far too long. You don’t need to ask me permission.”
. Which was the impressive part. Even after Tony took away his high-tech suit, and actively grounded the kid - Steve had cocked an amused brow at him, “
, Rogers had said - and wasn’t he completely right, the bastard? Tony scoffed. It was truly annoying how Captain America just couldn’t seem to ever be wrong in anything in life, while he was the exact opposite. No wonder Howard was so often disappointed in him. Tony was not even close what his father’s beloved Golden Boy had been back in the forties, and Tony would never be a man as impressive as Captain America, proof of that being the fact he created a murderous robot that plans a mass extinction event while Tony was only trying to keep everyone safe. He just didn’t seem to get things right, now did he?
in his power to rescue Tony if he figured out he’s still alive, and as I just explained to you… said power is
"Oh don't worry, they will," Steve assured him, kissing his temple and pulling him tighter against his chest, "I will make sure of it."
“Steve Rogers is a scary man, Tiberius, but he can get even worse when he is set on protecting someone, so no… we cannot try to use Tony and the stone against him right now and risk him figuring out the boy is still alive.” Obadiah released a shuddering breath, pouring himself some more of the scotch, “We must take advantage of his current state. Anger and grief will cloud his better judgement, so I’m pretty sure he is not thinking as clearly as he normally would, which means we might have a chance of escaping, but I have no doubt his focus will return to him once he finds out Tony is alive and in need of his protection.”
Tiberius’ eyes hardened, “You made me a promise, Obadiah. I help you to get rid of the Starks, and you give me their heir. I’ve held my part of the deal, so I hope you are not getting cold feet and suddenly wanting to protect him as his ‘dear uncle Obie’ should have.”
Steve Rogers was not a common person, just as his kids were nowhere near common children. He had somehow managed to raise Peter and Mary by himself for who knows for how long, and Tony was sure that he would continue doing great even without his intervention, but there was something specific that drawned Tony to him, something even above all the overwhelming want that seemed to be gnawing at his insides and torturing his mind.
But before Steve could finish, Tony pulled the boxer down, freeing the throbbing member that had Tony staring in awe. “Holy
and some more, which eventually rendered the shocked man into a sobbing mess that needed Steve’s shoulder to cry on for the next hours they had before they set off to fight Ultron.
Morgan was staring at the wailing boy, still trying to wrap her head around what has just happened, when she felt a poke on the side of her arm that had her turning to Mary, “Here,” she said, offering Mr. Fuzzy to Morgan, “This is yours.”
“Great. Be a dear and deliver her a message for me.” He commanded as he headed to his workshop’s exit, anxiety tugging at his every nerve.
Tiberius’ scowl only intensified, “I have, but I found them ridiculous. They sounded like exaggerations, attempts to make the man sound mightier than he actually is.”
“Y-Yes. I’m not allowed to be aware of any royal matters, for some reason unbeknown to me,” he jabbed, not missing the way Howard downright glared at him with wrathful eyes, but Tony completely ignored him, “But I swear we were oblivious to it. I, for one, would not have stood by it if I knew about it, but my father tends to be gullible regarding his royal advisers so—”
"I just wanna see something!" He explained, flattening his own palm against Bruce's, who kept eyeing him quizzically. Tony's eyes narrowed for a moment, and after a few seconds of consideration, he removed his palm from Bruce's with a triumphant expression, "Aha! They are the same size, even though you are a few inches bigger than me, so you got no business calling me small, brucie-bear."
Tony huffed and swatted at the blonde’s chest, “Did you go sniffing on my stuff again? How very rude of you, Mr. Rogers!”
“Make love to me, soldier,” Tony encouraged, gently rutting against Steve and causing him to grunt, “I’m yours to take. Have been for awhile now.”
Steve quickly washed his hands and dried them off with a dishcloth which was lying around, letting it rest on his right shoulder while he picked up the phone as soon as it rang; Tony’s contact name shining on the sleek screen as he answered the call and brought the phone close to his ear, “Hey babe, are you already on your way home?”
"Good afternoon, Mrs. Thompson, kids." Tony briefly greeted the assembly as he rounded his table and took a seat on his leather chair. Natasha briskly nodded at him and left, closing the door behind her and leaving Tony to internally sigh.
“I did!” Tony immediately spoke, ignoring Jarvis’ continuous begging for him to not. He eventually pulled himself out of the servant’s arms and stepped forward, chin up, heart on his throat, “I did, and you know I’m right.”
“Christ! I’m so sorry, I didn’t- shit, are you okay?” Steve pulled him off the floor and onto the bed by his side, massaging Tony’s back while he gathered his bearings, “Tony?”
He spotted Tony, and the dazzling smile that appeared on his lips as he beamed almost caused Tony’s knees to fail him.
” Steve had breathed out, and the softness present in his tone made Tony’s already weak kneels fail him for good, “
Tiberius Stane, the son of Obadiah Stane—Howard’s most trusted royal adviser—was a man of easy smiles and awe-worthy politeness. For those who didn’t know better, he was nothing but the loyal and easy-going right arm of King Howard Stark—but Tony, of course, knew better. Tiberius was a man of a thousand faces, which he seemed to have inherited from his father, and his charming personality was nothing but a facade of his true intentions. True vile and twisted intentions, if the malicious looks he always directed Tony were any indication. A wolf wearing sheep-skin, and the King—a man so proud of his intellect and abnormal intelligence—seemed to fail to notice how his most trusted adviser and right hand were nothing but snakes that slithered around and seemingly waited for the right moment to pounce.
When Thanos and his forces attacked Wakanda, the Titan was met with an overwhelming amount of resistance formed by countless heroes - all assembled by Steve with T’Challa’s help since the captain took Tony’s concerns about an incoming threat seriously, and had spent all of his time in isolation mobilizing fighters for their cause.
Steve laughed heartily at that, and Tony felt the need to pat himself on the back for making the man laugh yet again. "Duly noted."
? This completely changed the prospect of giving himself to someone else, and Tony wasn’t so sure if he was inclined to do anything but bottom to Steve Rogers for the next times.
Tony mumbled something, but didn’t try to do more than that as he continued, anchoring himself by holding onto Steve’s thighs and feeling an absurd amount of pleasure to course through his entire being while warmth pooled inside his stomach and his own cock pulsed with arousal. He was having the time of his life while kneeling for Captain America, and when Steve’s strong hand grabbed a fistful of his hair and yanked him forward unconsciously, Tony felt himself drawing a blank.
“No. I don’t wanna hear it.” Tony interrupted him, getting up and walking towards the big squared window situated on one of the wooden walls. “I want none of it, Cap. It’s my fault, of damn course I’m not fine. Billions might die because of a mistake of mine, and I just,” Tony let out a shuddering breath as he leaned on the window’s railing and gazed into the starry horizon, “I’m one of the biggest brains of this planet, and I still can’t seem to get anything right. It’s ridiculous.”
Steve hummed, "Sure did" and then backed away slightly to meet Tony's eyes, the sight of his swollen lips, red and bruised from their kissing, and dazed expression almost causing Tony to pounce again, "was it good?"
"Mr. St— Tony," Steve quickly corrected himself at Tony's frown, "That's very kind of you, but I can't possibly ask of you this kind of assistance. Mary can be a handful, and I really would rather if she could have a touch of normalcy in her life. Her grandmother already—"
Bucky followed right behind him as they exited and started to walk through their camping site, earning the attention of the other members of their pack as they walked by, “The
Morgan already had contact with things such as percentages and even the pythagoras theorem, much for her daddy’s pride and delight, so how exactly something silly and easy such as a 5+5 problem would be interesting to her?
per se. A team didn’t hide things from one another, a team shares trust and confidence - exactly what he didn’t have on anyone but Bruce when he decided to tackle his Ultron project. It was almost ironic how he had admitted earlier to Fury that his actions had been led by his fear of losing everyone; of his shock of seeing all of his friends die in front of him, but could he even call them that? Rogers and him were not even at a first name basis with each other yet, for crying out loud!
"No," the boy deflated, "daddy already told me it isn't, and that we should always try to solve things with our brains before we use our fists, but I got angry."
"I am very humbled by your offer, and grateful beyond what I can out into words that you are giving my kids this opportunity, but I have no way to pay you back. I'm merely a boat fixer."
the Starks are, and they were the most brilliant minds in all the realms, which means this loss was not only ours! Don’t you get it? They were ahead in the studies of medicine and everything else that might help our people evolve and acquire better living in future years, or even to win future battles! No other clan ever compared to them on the matter of knowledge and power, so tell me how exactly am I supposed to be calm about this?!”
"I'm so sorry you had to leave work because of me, I swear I didn't mean to cause any trouble. Flash started it!"
“Hush,” Tony ordered, capturing his lips one more time and nipping at his lower lip, “something is keeping you from being truly worthy, Captain America? Is it the bad side you said I haven’t seen yet?”
"Don't worry, I'll have someone to meet you at the entrance." Tony continued to smile, wondering how surprised would Steve be to arrive to Tony himself expecting them, "Just be sure to arrive on time. I'm a bit of a bitch about everyone's punctuality but mine."
. I lost enough time that was precious to us, and I’m not doing that again.” He kissed the top of Tony’s head and hugged him tighter, which caused Tony to sigh in delight, “Sleep now, and you can be sure I’ll be here in the morning to take care of you, just like I’ll be in the day after that, and on and on and on.”
. It’s like it has always been, and yet, he couldn’t bring himself to find pathetic the need of pleasuring the man currently in his arms. “You can tell me later. Confess all of your crimes and ask for forgiveness if you want, but please,” he moved again, rubbing his aroused flush against Steve’s and causing him to grunt loudly against his lips, “let me make a sinner out of you tonight.”
Tony stared at him, arm trembling slightly in Steve’s strong but gentle grip. He wanted to say no. He wanted to yank his hand away and tell him to go to hell, to get away from him, to
“You would offer up your own child,” Tony heard King Steve say, voice low and grave, almost thunderous, “to save
Steve couldn’t even finish his sentence before he reached his climax, spending himself deep down Tony’s throat and causing him to actually choke for the first time in his
Needless to say that the only reason Tony didn’t crumble right then was due the fact Morgan had been in his arms.
“Oh,” Tiberius’ anger dissipated, giving place to annoyance as he clicked his tongue, “That makes sense. But what kind of leverage?”
Tony swallowed past the lump in his throat and blinked back to reality and out of his dazed state as Steve’s bearded face remained there, practically taunting him and honestly making him want to scream in frustration. Ever since their disagreement back in 2016, Tony had been valiantly trying to move past his attraction for the captain — resolve that had taken quite the hit once Tony was returned to earth after their colossal failure against Thanos and Steve,
"Great! Thor is kind of a God, so he doesn't count anyway," Tony beamed, taking a hold of one of Bruce's lab coat's sleeve and dragging him towards the elevator, "Time to figure this out."
"Your hand! Lift it up!" Tony ordered once more, lounging for his lab partner's hand and forcing him to raise it, palm open.
He ran to Morgan’s room first thing, finding his daughter wailing and fussing inside her crib, clearly hungry as any newborn would be. He picked her up, distraught and confused, trying to soothe her while he tried to wrap his head around that entire situation.
But that fact meant that Tony was about to see how Steve had allowed himself to look through these months, and now that he stopped to think about it, he had no idea if he was ready for it — or would have any self-control, for that matter.
“Oh, I’m fucking angry alright,” Bucky huffed, whistling and having Phantom to appear by his side in a second, with an albine saber-tooth trailing right behind. He mounted in a swift movement, herding his wolf to follow Steve’s, “and I’ll follow you to death’s fucking jaws, you damn punk, I just had to try and shove some sense into your thick skull like the good friend I am.”
He shrugged, "See it as me making it up to you, since my school promises the safety of our students and we failed to deliver that to Peter and his friend today. I should have expelled that boy when my assistant first told me about his first transgression."
"Turn around, and I'll blow your brains out right in front of him." The cold, deep voice of Ross spoke. He kept his eyes on Tony, focusing only on him in this situation. Regardless of what happens to him, whether he dies or not, Natasha and Bucky will get Tony out of here. "I must say, I didn't think you'd come here so quickly, but then again it makes perfect sense when this one won't shut up about you." And he knew the man was talking about Tony, and it brought back the rage he felt when he saw what Ross did to his fingers.
"Well, I'm glad you two are having your little fun in all of this. But I'll save you the trouble so that you don't have to owe each other anything, because Steve and I are never getting together." Before anybody, even Steve could respond, Tony got up abruptly from his seat and stormed off.
And then the atmosphere changed, once they finished. His face contorted in confusion as his super-hearing picked up a weird sound in the distance. He tensed as it got louder, and he made out the distinct sound of a chopper making its way towards the compound.
Warning: This chapter contains mentions of a past suicide attempt, as well as suicidal thoughts. If this makes anybody uncomfortable, please skip over the section, or the chapter entirely if you choose to avoid reading such a topic.
"Well, I'm still trying to calm down the PR fire after the whole Loki incident, and the DODC is still working on clearing and fixing up most of the damage. Other than that, the company is doing fine and I'd thought I'd stop by and see how you're doing."
"It makes sense when you think about it," Tony said from atop the stairs, coming back into the room once he finished putting away the first aid kit. All eyes were on him as he slowly descended the stairs. "Think about it; three of them were with Wanda, one of them was still in S.H.I.E.L.D., we captured one of them, and another one of them came here and attacked Steve. They're coordinating what they're doing, and I'm sure that they're already congregating in a specific location."
Loneliness is funny, really, you can have friends and family, but there is this gnawing ache in your chest, a prick of pain nestled inside your heart, drawing in all feelings of happiness to make you feel as if you were alone the whole time. There are different forms of loneliness; one being the usual form of not having anybody at all, but he wouldn't classify that as being an introvert, since some consider the two to go hand-in-hand. Being an introvert doesn't mean you don't have any friends, it's just harder for you to make those connections with another person. There's also the loneliness he feels when you have people next to you, on a day-to-day basis, always asking how you are, what's on your mind, you relish in these moments you spend with them. But truthfully, you still feel the ache of not having anybody near you that makes you feel as if you are truly alone.
going through my field agents. If the area they're going to proves to be too dangerous, then we do not send them out. Second of all, do you think I'm that much of an asshole?"
Screens appeared before Tony, and it confused him. Why was there so much data on this one mission alone? If it was just a simple reconnaissance, then there wouldn't be an abundance of information he needed to read. His eyes roved across each screen, reading a bit of information from each. His hands flew towards the holograms, moving them to the side around him, his fingers scrolling across each word, a gnawing feeling growing at the pit of his stomach. His eyes trembled as he came across an indication as to why this mission was heavily encrypted.
," the venom was so thick in each word, much like snake venom that just one bite, if you weren't careful enough, could hurt you, "let's get one thing straight here, you betrayed me first. You choose Barnes over me; someone who has been there for you, and seen you at your best and your worse. And suddenly you forget all of that when your murderous, psychopathic best friend comes knocking down the Avengers door and you just jump straight into defending him. Must suck when someone who knows everything about you suddenly betrays you, huh?"
T'Challa gave them one of the few Quinjets stationed at the facility for the three occupants to use for their journey towards the Raft. He warned them that Ross might be expecting them to come, mostly Steve because Tony is compromised. He told the King that understood the risk, and that the most important thing right now is to get Tony back. What happens to him doesn't matter, the top priority is Tony.
"You should get something to eat, Tony. Maybe some coffee will help." Bruce advised. His eyes slowly moved from Steve's damaged form to Bruce, who put his hands up in surrender when he saw how cold and dead the geniuses' eyes were. "I'm not trying to force you to do anything, Tony. But sitting there might not be the healthiest option."
"It's alright, you don't need to apologize. Let's move on from that, and just know that my mom died of a disease, and all I had left was my best friend, Bucky. Bucky was always the one to get me out of whatever trouble I got myself into it. He was also the one the girl always swooned over because nobody wanted to be with a guy they could step on and was asthmatic with a medical list of whatever else was wrong with him." He sighed and started to pick at his food, his appetite was lost somewhere along the way. "After I got the serum, that's when people started to care about me. That's when Captain America was born, and the day Steve Rogers died. Nobody really remembered the ninety-pound asthmatic, they only cared about the icon of America." He leaned back and stared at his food, his appetite completely lost at this point. It was a gamble he knew he was risking in whether or not he would be ok to talk about his past to Tony, and he paid the price for it. God, he wishes he didn't open his mouth and start talking about all the depressing things that he remembers, why couldn't he just focus on the good times. Maybe because most of the good times were only before he became Captain America, right? But, if he never became who he was today, where would he be.
He hates it, every second that he's away from the genius and looking at him from across the room, with that small, sad, yet beautiful smile of his, that he returns on instinct but doesn't mean wholeheartedly, does it make him hate the situation he's in. But what can he do about it? He can try to get better, he can try to make the effort to talk, but it would be hard for him. He just hopes the therapy will help him get his voice back, and as for his eye, he
And that's all the words that he needed to hear to have him let out a sigh of relief because all the waiting was worth it in the end.
He turned to look at the progress bar on the holographic screen to his left. The bar reached the end, a green checkmark appearing before him, and another screen popping up shortly after. However, instead of being met with mission credentials, a red box appeared with the words "CLASSIFIED" appeared right before his eyes. He tsked to himself and started typing away on the keyboard to try and get past the firewall that was holding back crucial data.
When they finished their meals, Steve took the initiative to clean up after them, washing the plates, drying them, and putting them away. It was a little funny for Tony to watch, considering the soldier would always prefer to do things the old-fashioned way instead of the modern way.
"Of course that'd be the first thing you say. Not that I'm complaining, it was cute, But that's beside the point, what did you have to go do?"
He sighs heavily and puts his head in his hands, knowing exactly what Tony is doing. It's the guilt he has that's made him do something this reckless; he's not doing this for himself, because over the course of the years they've known each other, Tony is someone who puts someone else before himself, and he knows this because he's in a way just like himself. Underneath the mask he wears, where the cockiness, snarky attitude, sarcastic comments, and overwhelming asshole personality are surfaced at the top, beneath that is a heart made of gold. He knows that Tony is doing this because he still feels guilty; whether it be because he thinks he tore the Avengers apart, or because he's guilty of what he did to Steve, by doing this he thinks everything will be right.
They pull back, and Steve takes the ring out of the box and holds it between his fingers for a bit. "There's something written on the inside if you wanna read it before putting it on. There's also something on the outside too, I think you'll love reading both of them." He holds it for Tony to grab, and the genius picks it up and holds it in his own fingers just like Steve did.
He always thought Tony was so beautiful, and at that moment he wanted to capture the genius's beauty in his sketchbook, that way he could always look back at the drawing and smile at the fact that his favorite person was in his sketchbook.
"I'm sorry to say that with his larynx being slightly damaged, we're not sure if he'll be able to talk. If he can, however, it won't be coherent sentences, rather, he'll be stuttering frequently. We do have therapy scheduled for him, but I'll let you decide on whether you would like it here or another area." She then moved the image behind another one, showing him the soldier's blue eyes, but he noticed that the right one seemed... Odd. "This was taken during the extra two hours you had to wait. As I said earlier, the glass seemed to have done more damage than just on his face. His cornea was scratched by some glass shards and created an abrasion. He has temporary blindness in his eye. He might be able to still see out of the eye, but it'll mostly be blobs and he'll have a difficult time trying to navigate his surroundings."
"Of course." The microwave beeped, signaling that the popcorn was done. Tony pulled the popcorn bag out of the microwave and Steve let go of him to allow Tony to grab a bowl and pour the content of the bag into the bowl, fresh buttery popcorn spilling forth. "Jarvis, put on Star Trek, please."
"Ugh, alright enough of this display of love." And he heard the click of the gun being readied, but he didn't flinch. He kept his eyes on his lover, who was looking at him through teary eyes. He brought his hand up to his lips, kissing his palm just like Tony did before he left, and blew a kiss towards him. Despite his fingers being broken, Tony used both his hands to catch the kiss and bring them close to his heart, smiling brightly. It made Steve smile, and that was honestly the last thing Steve wanted to see before he died. Tony's smile.
He didn't get there in time, and he even managed to let just one out of the few choppers Ross had with him slither right past him, getting within killing range of the blonde. He's blaming himself and he knows he shouldn't, but it's justified that he takes responsibility for Steve's possible death.
"Come on. Stay with me. I'm gonna get you out of here." She whispered. I supported my own body weight as much as I could as to not put any strain on her, but the major blood loss I was suffering from made it hard to not only keep my eyes open but to not collapse right then and there.
"You see that, right there," he turned around and pointed at her, "that hurts right here," he pointed at his Arc Reactor. She rolled her eyes and shook her head, a small ounce of laughter escaped her. He smiled a little bit and turned to grab his cup, making his way over to sit down at the table.
"Sir, you sent them out on a mission. Do you not remember?" The agent said as they tilted their head in confusion.
Loneliness in itself is a weird word, or rather, it is a weird term, in a different sense. Loneliness means sadness because one has no friends or company, but that can't be, right? He did have friends, and he had company, hell, he practically lived in a tower nestling a bunch of superheroes. They ate breakfast together on occasions, the same with dinner, and all while stopping crime whenever it reared its ugly head. So why did he feel so alone?
Before I could respond to what he was saying, I felt his mouth on my neck. I whimpered as I felt his teeth rake my neck, tearing the skin a little, drawing some blood in the process. I shied away from him, making him growl in response.
was to him. Their knees were practically touching each other, their bodies within proximity, and if he moved his hand just a little bit, he could hold Steve's hand.
, it had to be Tony coming into his room at this hour. If Steve had no idea where their relationship stood now, he was almost
He watched Steve open his mouth, but then shortly close it after. It hurt so much to see this once confident man so scared to speak, to use his own voice because it's too different for him now. But Steve opened his mouth again and said: "W-Wak-Kanda."
He reaches the communal area and walks over towards the spiral staircase leading to the second floor, two at a time, and walking over towards the makeshift balcony that gives them a view of the yard beyond the glass windows. He sees the genius sitting on top of a white sheet, two bags of food, and what appears to be milkshakes sitting next to him as he stares out the window. He smiles and quietly makes his way over towards the genius.
"I love you so much, Tony. But you're hurting me, please stop hurting me. I'll be better, I promise. Just please stop." I hung my head in shame, refusing to look into his eyes as I broke down. I truly do love Tony, even if he's hurting me and telling me that I deserve all of this, even if he's hurting me, all I see is the good in him. All I see is the guy I love.
"Well, I'm h-here n-now." He took a gander at Tony's condition and saw that the fingers that were broken were in splints, most likely after the operation was over. He leaned down and placed soft, gentle kisses on each finger before kissing the back of his hand.
for him to get his hands on unnerved him. He felt naked for a few minutes, lost on who he was. He was Tony Stark; genius, billionaire, ex-playboy, philanthropist, he
get some sleep. But it was weird to be the one left alone in bed this time. He thought he was going to wake up and still see the sleeping form of Steve, his blonde hair all messy due to Tony running his fingers through it, it was a sight to see, and he really wanted to see it, but sadly the blonde isn't here at the moment.
It clicked inside of Tony's head that in his moment of rage, he may have said something he definitely didn't mean. Of course, he didn't mean it when he said that he and Steve would never get together, he was just really angry at the spy twins. He was never the best when it came to rational speaking whenever he was angry, and tonight just proved that as he said something he deeply regrets right now.
By now, he was used to waking up in the morning with half of the world being nothing but a blur on his right side, but he thought that this time would once again be different. He envisioned waking up and seeing tufts of brown hair in his vision- whether blurry or clear he didn't care, because at least that would mean Tony stayed with him. However, once again he finds his bed empty. He doesn't bother moving, he lays there on his side and stares at the sheets.
"If you ever stopped talking as much as you do, Tony, I think we'd have to be seriously worried about you." Pepper jokes.
"Guess we'll needa do something about that." He whispered to himself. From the back of his suit, a small square compartment comes off and hovers next to his head, two out of twelve shock missiles at the ready. They aren't designed to kill, and he could totally swap them if he wanted to, but they're designed to simply send an electric impulse throughout the body that temporarily leaves them with paralysis.
And what they saw is not what they had expected at all. They had expected a bunch of guards waiting for them, but instead of it was eerily quiet. In fact, it was like a ghost town, as if nobody was actually here at the moment.
A doctor came into the waiting area, Steve immediately was on alert, the man hesitated before he looked straight at Steve.
Whatever he was talking about seemed to shock Tony, his brows furrowed as if he couldn’t belief what Tiberius was saying.
The blond hid the gun in his waistband put on his shoes before he left his apartment meet Tony by the elevator, but Steve took his time because he didn’t want to pressure the genius or anything, even though Steve was excited.
He had done so much for his Universe, he fought in so many wars and lost way too many friends, this was his turn to have a happy life…
That small gesture, of rubbing over his eyes, made Steve want to strangle Stone, he was not worth any of Tony’s emotions, that bastard didn’t deserve tears from the genius.
“You don’t have to be sneaky about wanting affection. I will give it freely whenever you want.”, said Steve, he was not sure if this was maybe a bit to early, but it was painfully obvious how touch-starved the genius was and how much he needed affection.
