Tony was exactly 13 weeks along, due early February but hadn’t found out the gender yet. Regardless, their children were all very excited for a new sibling as were his/her parents. This baby would have so much love and attention. They were already so lucky.
Sam was shocked when the words came from Bucky’s mouth. He hadn’t thought that Steve might still be in love with Tony. He couldn’t be. “Not after he tried to kill you Steve.” Sam wondered. Steve was silently sobbing when Sam continued. “You can’t still love him. You can’t.”
“Anna you know we didn’t abandon you. Justin Hammer took you away.” Tony provided. She seemed indifferent but also slightly frightened. Tony noticed and he assured her, “He’s locked up, for good. He can’t hurt any of us.” Tony wouldn’t let him. Never again. He reached out to cradle her cheek, but she backed away. He was forgetting what skin to skin contact could do to him. Anna never would. She flinched and drew back further. Tony sighed, sadly.
Peter pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose – he’d forgotten his contacts – and sighed. “My dad is still a wreck.” He had thought about living with his father, but Steve was heartbroken, sad, crushed, possibly depressed and Peter didn’t know how well he could handle that, with the way he was feeling.
“Oh.” Justin began. “You still don’t know.” Tony could see him searching for something in his pockets. “Chips. I planted chips on Steve and your little Russian friend. The redhead.” He explained, nonchalantly. He retrieved a remote from his pocket, pressing a button and deploying hundreds of gigantic suits of armour. Rhodey pulled out his guns and Tony stared at Justin.
Steve paced in the waiting area during the operation while Harley became a shoulder to lean on for Morgan and Peter. Anna had gone to the cafeteria to get cups of coffee for her siblings and father. She was the only one least affected by the situation given she’d only known Tony for such a short time. Her sadness and grief weren’t non-existent however because she didn’t want to lose one of the parents, she just got but she was the one wearing the bravest face.
He was wearing pajamas. His favorite navy blue pants and the white long-sleeved shirt that came with it. Tony knew them well. He had bought them for Steve not that long ago.
“We lost her.” The head doctor explained. “I’m sorry.” Paige didn’t make it. And Peter was crying again. He knew his twin was no longer with him. Steve passed Peter to Tony as the doctors got Tony cleaned up. He held onto Peter, praying nothing would ever happen to him. Tony’s sobs prolonged whilst he held Steve’s hand for support. Neither Tony nor Steve got to hold or see Paige again before they took her away.
"No need baby. I was still able to give Harley a happy life, even though he had one parent." Tony then reached over to his bedside table to get some tissues for him.
Thank you again so much for all who read, comment, left kudos and supported my work. Just thank you.
“Finished yet?” Steve prompted him. He’d said quite a mouthful at this point and it still hadn’t ticked Steve off. Stephen noticed that. What was that one thing that got Steve Rogers so angry and riled up that all he could do was act?
Tony felt nauseous. He was still sleeping with Stephen by early May. He hadn’t been with Steve until mid-May. There was like a two-week difference there and Tony felt horrible for sleeping with Steve so soon after Stephen. He was disgusted with himself, sick to his stomach and he could feel his breakfast actually coming back up.
“I thought your Dad was dating that blonde lady. Sarah? Shannon?” Amelia questioned, trying to recall her name.
“See?” Tony paused, rolling his eyes. “You’re not being fair. You’re being way too lenient with her, when our daughter – your daughter messed up.” He corrected himself.
“Not a good time babe. I have to take care of Morgan.” Tony didn’t have time for Stephen right now or anything or anyone else really. He had to stay with his little girl during such a difficult time.
“Stephen. This is Harley, Morgan and Peter,” pointing each of his children out as they greeted Stephen. “And guys, this is Stephen Strange.”
Luckily, with each thrust the pain lessens and he starts to enjoy it, only to have Tony cum inside him and pull out right after, leaving him very unsatisfied. And Steve tries not to think about it because, at least they’re making progress and Tony might want to be a part of SJ’s life.
“Cause?” Tony wanted to know. He was freaking himself out more by not knowing. Then he pulled the covers off himself and got out of the bed.
Steve ruffled his hair. His hair was a dirty blonde now, almost light brown as opposed to the blonde he had at birth. “That’s okay baby.”
around his home when he had a fully functioning and immaculate AI running his household. He only hired help at this time of the year to aid in getting his guests settled in and to cater his event. The crowned princess of Asgard was patiently waiting to greet her Asgardian family. Holidays were the only times of the year, she got to see her immediate family in person and Christmas was when they came to her.
“Yeah.”  Pepper chuckled. “Can you pack the salad?” She gestured to the salad sitting on the kitchen counter and Amelia got to it. They got the food together and drove over to Tony’s.
“You.” He answered, breathlessly and Steve descended only a moment later, sliding of the sofa and kneeling before Tony, between his parted but jeans-cladded legs. “St-Steve–” He stuttered as Steve unbuttoned his pants and pulled down his zipper.
He smiled at her, asking, “When?” but was cut off by a kiss pressed to his lips. Jacob immediately settled both hands on her waist, earning a soft moan from her. When they pulled apart, he asked again, "when?"
“I was only doing what I thought was best.” Nertha spat back. She didn’t know a marriage would come from it.
Tony had to stop him right there. “It’s still weird Rhodey.” He wondered if this was Rhodey’s mid-life crisis.
“It’s James' idea.” Carol began. “I just don’t understand why we need to share our problems with a complete stranger.”
Kayla noticed and pointed in the direction of the adjoining bathroom as a reminder. Tony got up, ran towards it and hurriedly closed the door behind him once inside. He barely managed to keep the contents of his throw up in the toilet bowl. Afterwards he washed up at the sink and took a moment to stare at his reflection.
T’challa was kind enough to send a ship to bring them to Wakanda. On arrival, the Wilson-Barnes were greeted by the King, the princess and the fierce female guards, the Dora Milaje – led by Okoye. When T’challa saw Bucky, he approached him, speaking to his guards and servants in his native tongue to take their belongings to their rooms. Winter held on to her papa in fear. She didn’t feel comfortable being around all these new faces.
Harley narrowed his eyes. “But he’s still my little brother.” Less he forgot that part. “So, don’t think for a second that I’m okay with this. And I’m sure once my parents get down from their
Nathan had been spending his days at the Stark Mansion to comfort Morgan which left the Banner household rather quiet. Nat didn’t mind though, neither did Bruce. They’d stopped by a few times to check in on Morgan, but they know it was probably so overwhelming after losing a child. She probably needed space. She needed the comfort of her boyfriend and her parents.
Jacob had just got off the phone with Amelia and decided to call his mother. Hopefully, she wasn’t too busy or off world. Amelia had let the cat (flerken?) out of the bag about his mother’s living arrangements. She’d apparently been staying at Aunt Pepper’s since the middle of March and it was almost April. Why Amelia waited so long to mention this to him, he didn’t know but he supposed it wasn’t her place to say and it just slipped out.
“I’m fine,” Steve insisted. He wasn’t. But Jack didn’t need to know that. He could fake it. He could
Tony. That was some other guy. This Tony was never late. This Tony never gave him any doubt, or cause to wonder. This Tony was sweet, and funny, and big-hearted. This Tony...was very late. And Steve was very worried.
“Steve,” he began, and then he was coming, the dam breaking, rapture enveloping him.  Steve was there with him, his moan of fulfillment muffled as he sunk his teeth into Tony’s neck.  And in that moment, Tony could deny him nothing.  “God, yes, I loved you.  Baby, I love you
He looked different. Older. Tougher. He had always been lean and strong, but now, even with his jacket on, Tony could see how chiseled his body was. His cheekbones looked higher. His jawline, sharper. His skin--that perpetually pale skin--had gotten darker, colored by the desert sun, and Tony wondered fleetingly how many times it had burned and peeled before finally giving in and tanning. His hair, that soft, silky blond, had gotten darker too, highlighted with golden streaks where the sun had left its mark there. The texture looked different. Like it had gotten coarser. Tony studied it, not feeling Josh’s hand finally brush up against his crotch. He studied it like he studied any problem. And it was a problem. For him, anyway. Because he wanted to feel it again--or for the first time, maybe--to see what it felt like now. If it felt different. If it slipped through his hand with silky ease like it used to, or if it felt foreign and strange against the thin, sensitive skin between his fingers.
“Let me grab her a couple blankets and I think I’ve got a shirt of Mom’s that ended up in my laundry once.”
Steve stood up.  “And I’ll tell you just like I told him--I worked with those girls for a long time.  Debbie was perfect.”
Fury grunted, but kept walking. Sam and Tony had the good grace to wait until he had disappeared into the general fray before dissolving into laughter. Steve would have been a little angry if Tony hadn’t put his hand on his arm while he laughed, holding onto him, his fingers gripping the muscle of his bicep, his palm warm against him. When that happened, Steve didn’t feel mad at all. All he felt was a tingly sensation in his stomach that he had felt before...but not for six years.
Okay, this is taking a turn, but believe me when I say it's still not as bad as I had originally thought it was going to be. Some of you may hate me when this chapter is over. I'm so sorry. Really. I am. But, sometimes you just gotta go where the story takes you. I am, however, promising a happy ending, so, if you decide to stick around, there will be eventual goodness!
Tony and Jen sat at her kitchen table.  They each had a cup of coffee and a piece of banana bread.  Jasmine had made it that morning. It was heavenly.
Fury’s hand squeezed his neck.  Steve closed his eyes to stop the tears that suddenly threatened.  He didn’t remember his father’s touch.  He hoped it had been like Nick Fury’s was right now.
Sam watched them for a minute, then shook his head. “Didn’t need to hear that,” he muttered under his breath.
He came to stand behind her, keeping his eye on Baxter.  “He tell you anything before you gagged him?”
Tony spun the car around until it faced the front door.  The headlights threw their twin beams on the front of the cabin.  The tailights tossed tawdry red into the trees, turning rain drops into trumpery jewels.  He left it running, the engine rumbling as he opened the door and jumped out.
Steve nodded. “Well, I guess that’s okay then.” He took another sip of his juice--more to have something to do with hands than anything--then leaned forward in his seat. “What did you want to talk to me about, Mr. Stark?” he asked. “I mean, this is...kind of interesting. Talking to you like this. But, my break’s only twenty minutes, and I’m pretty sure you didn’t want to spend the whole thing talking about orange juice.”
Tony nudged him with his shoulder.  “Do I have a car here?” he chided playfully.  “I’m not some fucking pedestrian, Steve.  Come on.”
Tony snorted.  “Say what?  Convalescent?  You don’t want me to say convalescent?  Why don’t you want me to say convalescent?”
He smiled a little. He’d been expecting it, but he still loved hearing her ask. “How ‘bout if I lay here with you until you go to sleep? Will that work?” he said, and eased himself down onto the bed beside her. “Your dad might get lonely if I stayed away all night.”
“No,” he whispered, and while his voice was serious, there was a little smile playing around his lips, and another one in his eyes. Along with something else. Something possessive and greedy, something that seemed more than happy that Tony had never gone this far with anyone else. Something that seemed more than happy to be Tony’s first.
. Too young. Too young for Steve, and definitely too young for Rumlow. Tony was a flirt, and Rumlow would ruin him in a heartbeat. Just because he could.
Tony slid his hand across the gulf between them, crossing it at last, and touched Steve’s arm.  “Okay, no, he wouldn’t have liked it, but he would have come around.  Even if he hadn’t known you before, you’re a likeable guy.  You’re smart and sweet, and you’ve got that whole all-American, apple-pie thing going on.  You would’ve won him over.”
He coughed again, his grip on her tightened spasmodically.  She winced but said nothing.  If he needed a tether to this world, she would gladly be it.  For as long as he needed her, she would be here and feel nothing but honored that it was to her that privilege fell.
So, they watched a movie about three English girls whose father died and left them penniless and the only way they could improve their lives was by finding a rich husband.  Steve wasn’t entirely sure he agreed with the message of the movie.  All the women he had known and loved, from his mother to Peggy to Natasha, were too smart and tough to need a man to take care of them.  He’d begun to drift off, his eyelids growing heavy, then suddenly he was awake again.
“Yes, you do,” Tony agreed. “Best pillow ever.” He leaned in and pressed his lips to Steve’s. “I’ll take her to bed,” he said. “Then we’ll have that talk, huh?”
Tony kissed the underside of his jaw, nuzzled into his chest.  “Yeah.  I’m good.  Just need my human blanket.  Go back to sleep.”
“Nowhere,” Tony assured him. “I’m just stepping across the room for one second, okay? Just wait here. I’ll be right back.”
He went out for a cigarette right after they took her away, and half an hour later, his leg was bouncing, his hands shaking, his need for another hit of sweet, soothing nicotine almost insurmountable. And he hated that. He had been doing a lot better lately. He had been down to eight a day. He thought he might hit that by the time the surgery was over.
Tony sat down heavily on the bed. He propped his elbows on his knees and rubbed his temples. He thought of the nice dinner he had planned. The corner booth. The music. The soft lights. The ring that was currently tucked in his pocket in a small metal box.
He thought about the times he and Tony had been together. There had been quite a few of them, considering they were keeping it a secret. Quite a few afternoons spent tucked away in his bedroom on the fourth floor. They’d start out kissing, like most couples, then progress from there. Tony had liked it when Steve undressed him. Steve had liked that too. Slowly peeling Tony’s clothes away, kissing whatever skin he’d uncovered, licking his stomach, biting his nipples, sucking on his throat. He had never
Tony came around the kitchen island and stood in front of him.  He brushed his hair back.  “No, you’re not,” he said.  “You’re just like a kid on Christmas Eve.”
Tony put his hands on his shoulders. “February fifteenth,” he said again. “That makes yesterday February
Bucky leaned forward and grasped Steve’s clasped hands in the one he had left. “Stevie,” he said earnestly, “if you really wanna quit, you know I’ll support you. Me and Nat and Sam, all of us, but you need to think about it first. Don’t just do this based on what your boyfriend wants. That’s the wrong reason.”
He moaned softly into Tony's mouth, chasing that quiet, wanting to find the oblivion that was always there in Tony's embrace.
For just a moment, Tony’s mind was flooded with images.  The lake house, the wheelchair, Thanos, a tiny blonde woman in a house dress, Natasha, dirty, disheveled, and absolutely goddess-like in her beauty, a barn, the bunker in Siberia, Thaddeus Ross outside of a dark cell, grinning his triumphant, shark-like grin, that grassy hill in Central Park, a young Sergeant Barnes resplendent in his dress uniform, the common room in the Tower.  And himself, of course.  He saw himself a dozen times, a hundred times, a
, Steve,” she said, tugging on him, and he and Dodger followed obediently. He had a feeling he might be in trouble here. Had a feeling being led around by the hand by this kid could get to become a habit he might never want to break. And he was fine with it. Totally fine. “Daddy!” she called as she led him through the door. “Steve and Dodger are here!”
Tony saw, even out of the corner of his eye, how Steve used his right foot to do that one, and only had to bend down to move the left one with his hand.  He
Thad slid closer, put his arms around Steve’s waist from behind. Steve tensed, his muscles contracting at Thad’s touch. When did that start happening? Had it always happened? He bent and kissed Steve’s shoulder. “I feel like I’m losing you,” he said, kissing him again. “You don’t even tell me you love me anymore.”
When it was over, he collapsed gracelessly onto the floor and reached for Tony. “Come here,” he muttered, but Tony shook his head.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered. “I’m sorry for the way things have been. I’m gonna try and make it worth it for you, okay? I’m gonna try and
When they got to his door, Steve unlocked it and stepped aside so Tony could go in first. Tony looked around, feeling immediately the warm feeling of being home. It was certainly nothing like his own house. It was small but bright, and two of Steve’s paintings were hanging on the wall along with a bunch of framed photographs.
She gripped his hand tightly and leveled him with her stern-Mom look. “Just because you’re not a kid anymore doesn’t mean you get to ignore what I say.”
Morgan shuffled her foot against the tile, tracing the regular line of its edge. “Can I come with you?”
The laughter dried up.  Steve shoved his hands back into his pockets.  “No, that’s probably not the best idea.”
He turned around. He still had his jacket on. His keys were still in his hand. If they hadn’t been, he probably would have just went to his bedroom, but no. There they were, hanging from his fingers, glinting in the light from the lamp, signalling to him a way out, a way to get away. He started for the door.
Startled, Tony turned and saw Sam standing beside him. He was surprised. Sam hadn’t talked to him much over the past couple of weeks, and Tony didn’t blame him. He was Steve’s friend. Of course he’d be on his side.
“See?” Steve said, and while he was talking to Josh, his eyes were on Tony’s. They were locked, and even though they were in a crowded room, with Tony’s boyfriend right there with his arm around him, it was just the two of them again. Steve and Tony. Tony and Steve. One unit. Just like they’d always been. “He’s good,” Steve went on, talking to Tony by way of Josh. “Special. I hope you know how special he is. How perfect.” Steve turned his head then, turned his blazing eyes on Josh full force, and he took a step back. “You’d better be treating him like he is,” he said.
Steve laughed helplessly.  “Do you think Ross wasn’t keeping tabs on us, Tony?  Don’t blame Dr. Wilkes.  He’s a good man.  He’s as much a victim as we are.  Ross has people everywhere.  Eyes everywhere.  And he’s got more money than he knows what to do with.  When he knew you were looking for a doctor for me, he just put Baxter into play.  It was easy.”
He turned the water off and quickly toweled dry.  His clothes were in a jumble on the floor.  He untangled them and got dressed, pulling his shirt on inside-out, not caring, as he ran a hand through his hair.  He didn’t look in the mirror.  He didn’t think he could stand to see his reflection right now.
Steve closed his eyes and let out a soft breath. “She wasn’t just a neighbor, Pietro, I told you. She was...a friend. I’ve known her my whole life. She was like a grandmother to me.”
in pink over a painted sun-set.  Ten bucks from a street-vendor.  Tony had bought it for her, had sucked her nipples through it that night while thinking of Steve rocking up against his knee.  Old dog, indeed.
And this was part of it.  As much a part of it as anything.  Lying in bed, pressed together, talking.  This was a huge part of it. Steve's favorite part.  As much as he adored the rest, this was Steve's favorite part.
Steve nodded and looked down at his hands. He thought of Tony at the lake house, kneeling in front of him, his heart in his eyes, tears on his cheeks. Thought of him locked in his arms, thought of him lying on his bed, all of the choices they’d made, all of the good-byes they’d suffered through. “Yeah,” he said. “There are always consequences. Aren’t there, Mr. Stark?”
Tony closed his eyes. He understood. That was the bitch of it. He understood completely how Steve felt. He worked at Stark Industries part of the time now. Training to take over someday. He knew what it felt like when something just clicked, because he felt it every time he went to work now. It just clicked. He didn’t really
“Bucky,” Sam said, and touched his arm.  Bucky kept walking, head down, eyes red, hair hanging, but he closed his hand on Sam’s shoulder as he passed.  Sam smiled a little--it felt like a win.
“But I was,” Tony said, catching his eye.  “We all were.  We’ve got your back.  That’s what we do, right?” He looked around the table and Bruce patted Steve’s arm.  “Hell, yeah,” Clint said.
Steve sighed heavily. Tony had heard that sigh before. Seen the way he passed his hand over his face, then up through his hair. He’d seen it many times. It was Steve’s patented Tony’s-testing-me-but-I’m-trying-to-stay-cool gesture. Some tiny part of Tony appreciated that. Even now, in his state of utter distress, a tiny part of him rejoiced at seeing that familiar, sweet gesture. It meant there was still some friendship there.
Tony burrowed his head further into Steve’s chest, almost afraid to continue, but definitely afraid to stop. “So you’re...just never coming home? You’re just going to stay over there forever?”
Tony nodded, huffing out a little laugh. He tightened his grip on Steve’s hand. Kissed it again. “Yeah. I thought about that all day.”
“So what about the kid?” he asked, deciding to just jump right into the heart of the matter. “I’ve got nothing on him. At least not from you. What do I need to know about him?”
“Okay,” Tony said, and Steve was glad to hear he still sounded okay. A little down, but not too bad. That was good. He didn’t like the thought of being the cause of a sad Tony. He didn’t think he could stand it. And that was fucked up for many reasons. Many, many reasons. “Another time.”
Steve shook his head.  He finally looked at Tony.  Just a glance, but it was Steve.  Just Steve.  Tony felt everything inside him loosen.  He sat back, threw a leg over the arm of his seat, and sipped his water.
Sarah lifted one shoulder in a shrug. It was very much like Steve’s own. It should be. He’d gotten it from her. “He’s his father,” she said simply.
Steve glanced back at the hatch.  Tony frowned a little, then deliberately, and quickly schooled his features into something more friendly.
Tony nodded in agreement.  He wasn’t wrong.  “What are you doing down here anyway?” he asked.  “You never used to come down here.”
was a soldier. He wasn’t some fucking kid anymore. He was Sergeant Rogers. Sergeant Rogers knew what was up. Fuck you,
Tony stepped closer, not getting into his personal bubble, but edging around it.  God, how he wanted to touch him.  Stroke that pale, gaunt cheek, slide his arms around that too-thin waist.  He resisted.  His own synapses were firing like a machine gun, who knew what Steve’s were doing.  He did know he hadn’t looked at him yet, not after that initial gaze.  Hadn’t looked at him, stood with his shoulders hunched, shivering inside his jacket, and holding that damn ruck-sack like it was a security blanket.
“I left a bowl of fruit for you in the fridge upstairs,” he said seriously. “And there are bagels and cream cheese too.
He turned back to Steve, anger and frustration coursing through his veins, ready to grab him by the shoulders and shake some sense into him.  But Steve was already looking at him, already watching him with a cautious hope.
. ‘I see Tony Stark got himself a pretty guy to hang off his arm.’ ‘Oh yeah? What does he do?’ ‘Oh, you know. He’s into
It was fine when it was his. The serum healed his wounds. Replenished anything he might have lost within hours. Minutes, sometimes. He was fine. He was always fine. Even when there was pain, he fought through it. He’d been made to fight through it. Power through. Shake it off. Walk it off. That’s what he did. What he’d always done. Even before the serum. And wasn’t that part of the reason why Dr. Erskine had picked him? He knew it was, and he was grateful. What right did he have to be anything but grateful? Grateful to the man who had given him exactly what he had asked for? In some form or other, anyway.
But he had Natasha.  And Bruce.  And Peter.  And even Thor sometimes.  He’d had a few meet-ups with Pepper, and they’d went well.  The fact that Steve was out of the picture had probably even made that part easier.
“Where’d all this come from?” Steve said in his ear, and Tony shook his head and clung to Steve’s shoulders.
“He’s out of town.  Apparently, you can just leave your patients to sink or swim if you want to go on a holiday.”
“I can’t believe it’s been a year,” he said glumly.  “I mean, I guess I really only had him for a few months, but--”
Tony replayed what he’d said.  Oh.  He touched Steve’s face again, letting his fingers travel wherever they wanted.  “I wasn’t sure if I should.  You were mad at me, and--”
She took his hand and Steve let her lead him away from the bar. They stuck to the shadows, for which he was grateful. His outburst with the bartender had left him feeling ashamed and guilty. He didn’t want to hurt anyone. He remembered well the time when he had been the skinny kid just trying to make it in the world, and the fact that he’d tried to intimidate this kid left a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. He’d been stupid to drink in the first place. If alcohol was going to turn him into one of the bullies he’d always fought against, he’d just leave it alone altogether. Hey, maybe he’d gotten drunk after all. His tired mind grasped the idea and held on stubbornly tight. It was better than believing the alternative--that seeing Tony with Pepper had anything to do with it. It didn’t even bear thinking about.
existed. He was just a prop in a stage-play. No, what existed, what mattered, were those eyes. That curve of his lips.
Tony screamed at himself. He could see Steve retreating from him, could see how Tony’s apparent indecision--or worse, disinterest--was tearing him to pieces. He was so shy. So sweetly innocent, that just suggesting what Tony thought he was suggesting must have taken an amount of courage that Tony could barely fathom, and the look on his face--that furrow between his eyebrows, that turned-down mouth--was enough to kickstart Tony’s brain again. He didn’t want Steve sad. Or worried. Or afraid he wasn’t interested. He wanted happy-Steve. He wanted sweet-Steve. He wanted...Steve. Just Steve.
Steve rummaged in the water and pulled out the last fork.  He rinsed it and put it in the drainer with the rest.  “You’re not really going to kick them out, right?” he asked as Tony entered the kitchen.
Tony restrained himself from reaching out and petting that ridiculously sexy beard that covered his cheek. “Well, now’s not the time to find out for sure, Steven.”
but he wasn’t nearly as good at it as Tony was. Or Steve, for that matter. The cracks were starting to show. They were going to break open soon, and while Steve might feel a little bad about that--Josh wasn’t
Steve stopped frowning, but his face stayed serious. Tony was glad. He liked how serious Steve was about things that mattered. He loved it. “Okay,” he agreed.
Steve shifted, pressing against Tony’s side, and Tony's hand on his thigh squeezed, not-so-subtly, as Steve’s breath caressed his skin.
Tony turned his head.  A girl was standing next to him, threading her arm through his, kissing his cheek.  Part of him thought he should know who she was.  The rest of him had no fucking clue--
The corner of his mouth lifted in a small, cat-like smile of satisfaction. “You’d find me again. Wouldn’t you?”
Tony stepped closer. “You already said you weren’t married,” he said. “So, no others? Significant or otherwise?”
“There now, was that so hard?”  He shook his head, laughing under his breath.  “If that’s how you ask someone out, no wonder you’re still single.”
Tony stopped giggling. The feeling in his gut--that flip-flop feeling--that made him feel all dreamy remained, but he stopped giggling. Steve’s eyes stayed on him, quiet and calm, but measuring. Like he knew the answer, but was waiting for Tony to say it. Maybe he was just being polite, too.
“Sure.  Be careful,” he said again, and she left.  On her way out the door, Steve heard her say, “Hi, Tony.”
Tony laid hold of the handles of the chair and pushed him back into the bathroom.  On the counter, laid out like a doctor’s surgical tray, was a towel, a cup with a brush in it, shaving soap, and a straight razor with a black handle.
“So?” he asked, as he waved his hand and slid it all away.  “Are we good to go?  I can send these to Fury from here so he can have a peek, then put it into production next week.”
There was a chair on the other side of the coffee table, and Tony perched on the edge. He watched Steve swirl his whiskey in his glass, the ice cubes chattering against each other. “Aren’t you going to ask me what I’m doing here?” he asked.
Thanks to everyone who stayed with this story for so long. Your comments and encouragement meant the world to me. This is for you!!
“Shut the fuck up,” Tony threw over his shoulder.  “Steve, it’s not worth it, right?  Come on, man.”
Sam caught up with him after school at his locker. Steve had spent the last three hours drifting from class to class, not taking notes, not listening, not paying attention. That was new for him. He liked school. He liked learning. He liked listening to his teachers. But he didn’t do any of that today. Today he just sat slumped in his seat, doodling in the margin of his notebook, thinking about old times. Old times that he hadn’t thought about in a while. Old times that nobody
"You know," Tony said, "some people think that's a symbol for racism.  The rabies? And that Atticus taking him down is a good thing."
Natasha hid her face in her hands.  He thought she might be trying to stifle a laugh and he was struck again by how young she looked.  “I know,” she said, emerging from behind her fingers.  “Clint thought it would be funny.”
The screen on his tablet had gone dark.  Tony swiped it awake and searched his contacts.  He had Ross’ private email.  He had a lot of people’s private emails.  He’d told Steve once a long time ago, he was nosy and he liked to know things that were none of his business.  That trait came in handy sometimes.
“You’re right.  It’s not.”  He cupped the back of Tony’s neck with his hand.  “But it almost is.  Hitler murdered thousands because of some grand vision he had.  This guy...this guy dusted billions, Tony,
“Yeah. That’s what my girlfriend says anyway.” He tipped his head from side to side. “She mighta been talking about all her old boyfriends, though.”
He glanced at his own front door, but didn’t stop. Tony had been staying with Sarah upstairs, and that’s where he went, finding one last burst of energy to take the stairs two at a time.
He let go of Tony’s hand and sat back. “It’s okay,” he said quickly, shaking his head. “It’s okay. We don’t have to.” He took in a deep breath. “I just...um...no. No. It’s okay.” He drug his backpack up onto the table and unzipped it, digging around inside it in a way that was obviously just something to occupy his hands and his mind so they didn’t have to deal with this.
“I love you for that, baby,” Tony sighed, his fingers pressing into Steve’s skin. “It will never come to that, but I love you for it.” He kissed him gently, tenderly, tasting his lips and teasing his tongue with his own. “I love you so much,” he whispered between kisses. “So much."
An ember in his stomach flared to brilliant, glowing life. “Yeah,” Tony said. “Lucky for her, she got her mother’s looks.”
Steve dipped his face into Tony’s hair, trying to draw strength from his nearness, then shook his head. “He’s sleeping, Mom. I don’t want to wake him up.”
Steve nodded. “Don’t mention it to Tony just yet, okay?” he said. “I’d like to think about it before I talk it over with him.”
“Nothin’,” he said, scratching absently at the stump of his arm. “I’m just wondering what brought this on. You’ve never talked about getting out before.”
The way he’d loved Pepper had been uncomplicated, but the way he felt about Steve was anything but.  Love, yes, god yes, so much love, but other things too:  lust, kinship, protectiveness.  Even things he didn’t want to admit to, like that tiny spark of anger deep down, that faint blush of fear.  Those things should lessen the love he felt, but they didn’t--they enhanced it.
He hitched in a breath and let it out in a shuddering rush.  When he spoke again, his voice was quiet, weary.  “I know I should have been the one to find you.”
Tony bristled, and Pepper laid her hand on his arm.  “I hope not,” she said.  “I just bought this dress.  I’d hate to ruin it.”
“We really are just friends, though,” Steve pressed.  He wanted Tony to understand that, if nothing else.  He needed him to.  “I had a bad night.  She was just making sure I was okay.”
Steve took her in his arms, letting her adjust them, letting her take the lead, and when she laid her head on his chest, he held her and swayed to some quiet song he had never heard before. And it was just right for both of them, there in the shadows, bodies pressed together, minds somewhere else. Because sometimes the right partner isn’t the one you love, it’s the one you understand.
Steve shrugged.  “I’d go anywhere with you,” he said.  “But I’d kinda like to stay here for awhile, if that’s okay.”
Tony drug a patio chair close to Steve’s and plopped down into it, propping his feet up on the railing.  “You should have come and gotten me.”
Tony reached out and took Steve’s hand. Steve let him, but he seemed reluctant--like maybe he was afraid he’d get burned. “Why do you say that?” Tony asked, and brought the hand to his mouth. He kissed it lingeringly, relishing the rasp of the callouses on the fingertips, the smooth palm.
“No. I don’t. I want this to be a me-and-you-thing. A together-thing.” He squeezed him again, then crooked an eyebrow. “What are your thoughts on
“Look at her, Nat,” Steve said quietly. “Look at him. Me and Tony could be happy, yeah, maybe, but they already
She was quiet for a moment.  He let her think, just holding her, taking in her scent.  Peaches and cream.  It was perfect.
He sighed out a breath, and pushed himself against Tony a little more before stepping away. “Yeah,” he agreed.
Tony hooked his ankles around Steve’s waist. “Yeah,” he said, pulling him closer, fingers rough on his back. “Well, I’m not.”
“That’s why I don’t want you to buy me stuff, Tony,” Steve said. “You already gave me something. You gave me a purpose when I didn’t have one. You made me feel like a man again, and not just a weapon. Not...not just an experiment.” He pressed his face into Tony’s shirt. “I hadn’t felt like that in a long time. You gave me that. You want to give me something real?
“Yeah,” Steve agreed immediately, his eyes roving over the car again.  “Yeah.  Yes.  Let’s do that.”
Tony wrapped his arms around him and pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder.  “Yeah,” he said.  “Yeah.  I want to remember.”
“Fine,” Tony said, throwing the bit of paper back down onto the table.  He picked up his coffee.  It was almost gone, and if his hand shook the tiniest bit, no one would ever notice.  “You don’t want to take ‘em, don’t take ‘em.”
He squeezed her hard. That relief was back. That happy feeling that he’d had all morning. “He really is, Mom.”
Indignation rose up in Steve’s chest, but he pushed it down. He clenched his fists tighter together. “My mediocrity?”
Steve bent down. “I, uh, I left him with my mom,” he said in a low, conspiratorial tone. “I thought he might get a little jealous if he saw me petting stingrays instead of him.” Tony snorted. Steve ignored him. Or tried to, anyway. “You won’t tell him, will you?” he asked.
Steve shook his head and put his arm over his eyes. He didn’t want to feel like he was going to cry right now, but he did. He could feel tears threatening. And the fear that came with them. The fear that this might be too good to be true. That it was all going to slip through his fingers again. That he would never be able to hold onto it, because how could he? He’d never been able to before. He lost everything. Everything good. It was inevitable.
“I’ll talk to Strange.  He’s a super-type.  He’ll get it.  I just need to convince him, then he can convince the rest of them.”
On the ground between them, Steve made a choked, strangled sound.  His eyelids fluttered, his shoulders heaved with effort.  Bucky leaned down, supporting himself on his metal arm, the other holding Steve’s hand.  “Steve?”
The puzzlement furrowing his brow was too much.  Tony chuckled and shook his head.  “But nothing,” he said, and kissed Steve again.
nen) instead of whatever industrial soap it was they had in The Raft’s showers.  It wasn’t unpleasant, but it wasn’t right.  It wasn’t
“We had to tube-feed him for three weeks because he refused to eat on his own.”  Pause.  “He lost weight.  He’s gained a little back, but he’s still thin.”
booth, Steve felt better than he had in a long time. He was going to be going to school. He liked his jobs. He loved his friends. He loved his home. And mostly, the most important thing, was that he had Tony. The one thing he adored above all others. His perfect match.
“Uh-huh,” Tony muttered. “You did. And I believe you, too.” He flicked a hand in Steve’s direction. “Or at least I would if you looked even the slightest bit sorry.”
Twelve hours ago, he'd been lying in bed with Tony wrapped around him, all clinging arms and slow, comforting heartbeat.  Twelve hours ago, he'd held the world in his hands, and now it was falling apart. Everything was falling apart.
He should have been there five hours ago. Five hours. A drive that should have taken six, turned into an eleven-hour slog thanks to a faulty alternator on the bus taking Steve and the rest of his unit home. While they waited for a replacement bus, everyone spent the time either standing around outside the bus, smoking and making desultory chit-chat, or sitting sulkily in their seats. Most had cell phones and called their loved ones to tell them they would be late. The ones who didn’t, borrowed one from someone else.
He went down to the training room and slipped right into a run.  It was a good time to think, the repetitive motion, one foot in front of the other, arms pumping, lungs filling and emptying, heart expanding and contracting.  His body knew what to do.  He trusted it.  He even trusted the serum that ran through it.  He didn’t always feel that way, but now, running, running, was so simple an act that he sometimes forgot that he hadn’t always been able to do it.  And it felt good.  It felt good to run.  It felt good to have the air fill his lungs and not get stuck halfway down, unwilling to either go up or down, blocking his throat until he passed out.  Or died.  There had always been that possibility.
“I don’t even know if it’s the worst part, though.”  He opened his eyes and they were shaken, scared.  “What if it’s only the tip of the iceberg?”
He led him by their still-clasped hands toward the bedroom. Steve followed, squeezing his hand tightly in anticipation. Tony squeezed back.
Bucky snorted a little, a sliver of a smile appearing then disappearing in the blink of an eye.  “Don’t hold back on my account.  I can handle it.”
“I’m just...old,” he said, the word popping out of his mouth with no thought, and thank god it made sense. It was his training. He knew it was. His back-up. When he had nothing else, he still had that. He always had that. “
He felt better. He was still tired, still worried, but not about Tony. Not about their future. In fact, now his worries about that seemed totally unfounded and a little silly.
If Strange was surprised to see Tony, he didn't show it.  He just took them right in when they got there. It made sense.  Steve was his only real patient.
Tony laughed. He wasn’t sure that he loved dogs, but Morgan did, so he’d endure. For her, he’d endure. “I’m not sure how many will be out there, but yeah. We can go see.”
Tony sighed again.  He was getting nowhere.  “Okay,” he relented, releasing him with one last lingering stroke against his cheek.  “Just be careful, huh?”
When they reached the kitchen, Sir Purr was lying on one of the stools.  Steve reached down and trailed one finger over his back as he passed.
Steve smiled and pressed his lips to the curve of Tony’s neck.  “I’m not lost,” he said.  “I know exactly where I am.”
be any consequences.  Tony thought part of him thought he deserved the imprisonment he’d suffered.  Tony also thought that was bullshit, but he didn’t tell Steve that.
He opened the fridge and took out the orange juice.  It was the extra-pulpy kind.  His favorite.  When he’d moved into the Tower, there had only been the smooth, pulp-free kind in here.  Then one morning he’d made an off-hand comment about liking the pulp.  Tony went off on him, making an extravagant argument about how disgusting the little bits of pulp were--
Tony looked at Steve again, and this time, he caught Steve looking back. That smile was still there. That little soft one. That sweet one that made his stomach tumble in his gut again. “You’re crazy,” he said, but it was quiet. Unconvincing.
There was a pondering silence, then her voice again.  “Daisies in the kitchen would be nice,” she said.
He sat up and fixed Steve with a wry look.  “We didn’t talk about it, but,” he jerked his head toward the open bedroom door, “are we, like, sleeping together?  In there?”
Tony got up, made coffee, showered, shaved, brushed his teeth, got dressed. Fridays were a short day at the office. When he’d started SI, he’d vowed to let his people leave early on Fridays so they could get an early start on their weekend. He thought it would make them happy and more productive during the week. His father called him a fool.
Steve lay over on the bed, rolling onto his side next to Tony and touched his t-shirt.  The Eagles.  They were a little more mellow than Tony’s usual taste, but Steve liked them.  It was nice.  Finally liking some of the same music Tony did.  He got the feeling that Tony had been searching for a band they could both enjoy, and Steve was happy he’d found one.  Happy he’d finally been able to give Tony something that seemed so important to him.
was better, and he’d tell himself that too as soon as he got himself out the door. As soon as he got away from this crowd that contained not only a bunch of people he didn’t know, and would never know, but the man he knew better than anyone--loved better than anyone--and the woman that man was now in love with. He’d go to Bucky’s, and close the door, and get the fuck out of this suit and tie, and pour a drink, and throw it back, and pour another one, and bring the bottle back to the couch, and then, only then, would he tell himself it was better.  Because it was only then that he would actually begin to believe it. This was better. He was better. They were all better.
“It was pretty bad the other night,” Steve answered into Sam’s ear. “But Mrs. Perkins came up to sit with Mom and I went to a meeting. I’m okay.”
Steve hesitated. He didn’t want to go. That was painfully obvious. He wanted to stay here. He wanted to be the one in that big bed with Tony. He wanted to be the one Tony snuggled up with tonight. It was as plain on his face as anything Tony had ever seen in his entire life, and Tony felt the beginnings of worry, of uncertainty rise up in his chest.
Just as Tony had expected, there were motorboats out there now.  A couple of jet-skis.  Clear across the lake, they could see a bunch of colorful dots in the water, kids swimming and splashing in the shallows.
Natasha handed a glass to Steve then sipped her own, eyeing him over the rim. “I was kidding before, but you really were causing trouble.”
Tony gripped him hard, not moving, just holding him tight in his fist, and Steve moaned.  “You’re being bad again, Captain Rogers,” Tony whispered.
He got home by catching a cab. Apparently, he had left his car still parked at the bar. He’d have to figure out a way to get it later. He rode the elevator of his and Tony’s home until he got to the main floor. The whole time he was running his hands through his hair trying to figure out or comprehend what could have caused him and Nat to do what they did. They didn’t like each other like that, and they weren’t drunk so maybe they just got caught up in a horrible moment and…it just happened? He couldn’t tell Tony that. He just couldn’t. He didn’t need to know when it meant nothing. It didn’t matter.
“I’m deadpool.” The guy continued and since Peter couldn’t see his face he had to guess that he was probably grinning under his mask.
Wanda valued any advice these women could offer. She was still young at 25 and new to motherhood. They were far more experienced in that department than she ever could be after merely two months of caring for William. She thought of her son who was with his father today. She missed him and wondered how they were both doing.
Across the room, T’challa was catching up with Sam and Bucky. Nakia was busying herself socializing with guests and Okoye following close behind her. T’challa’s son, Prince Azari and Winter had just run off together and he implied that they might have just been in the presence of the future King and Queen of Wakanda. It was obvious the two children had become good friends in their few years of knowing each other and Bucky admitted that he wasn’t opposed to the idea. T’challa then suggested he visit Wakanda soon if not to see the country again but to introduce Winter to the country and know the land, if he intended for her to be Queen one day. Bucky was always welcomed in Wakanda. Sam joked about gaining the royal treatment if Winter was made Queen. T’challa wasn’t amused.
Harley stared at her mesmerized for a few seconds. “I wanted to ask you something. It’s been running through my mind for weeks.” Torunn hummed and Harley proceeded with his question. “Are you into Aunt Nat’s nephew, Jaime?” Torunn didn’t let him finish her sentence.
Anna tried to smile to lighten the mood while Wade offered his own apology. He then went on to suggest that Peter should do a streak of white in his hair as well. Anna explained it wasn’t a choice; she was just born that way.
Amelia came over and sat by Morgan staring at the picture in awe as well. “And based on his posts he’s single and ready to mingle.”
“Mhm.” Remy answered and they kissed, before he spoke again. “Move in with me, ‘chere.” He asked of her. If she lived with him, they could spend all their time together.
“I know that mom. That’s not what I’m trying to do. And I’m sorry if I made you and Calvin feel that way.” She had been busy and distracted with working with her father and very much enjoyed it. She couldn’t tell her mother that though. “But Jacob and I did grow apart. We had for a while and I was the one brave enough to finally end things.”
And then Steve was setting him down on the sofa. His own pants were gone and Steve got an idea. He pulled the discarded blindfold over Tony’s eyes and settled between his legs.
“Stephen...” Tony drawled. “Why would you ever want a kid? They’re so much work...” He trailed off. “And it doesn’t get any easier when they get older, you know.” He added as a matter-of-factly.
“I told you to stop messing with her. They’re Gods. We’re ‘mere mortals’ as Torunn likes to say.” Morgan knew Torunn meant no disrespect when she said that. It just usually came off that way. She couldn’t help it. And to be fair, she was only stating facts.
Steve answered the door, Sam Buck and Pepper close behind. The man spoke before Steve could. “Steve Rogers?” he asked, looking over the other three people around him.
So Tony isn’t sure what he’s supposed to do in this moment. What is he suppose to do with this information that Steve just dropped on him. This isn’t part of the
Tony could accept that, coming from Steve but that still left the question of Loki’s newly discovered pregnancy. When last they saw each other, only over a month ago, there wasn’t any evidence of a pregnancy but he supposed, this was the God of Mischief who possessed more power than he let on. He was probably concealing his pregnancy with a spell or something of the sort. Tony didn’t get to think long about it though once Loki started the ceremony.
Tony shot up. "It's my life. I love him. I know he loves me too and we're getting married." He paused, rubbing both hands in his hair, frustration rattling his head. "I've never be happier guys. Steve makes me happy."
Harley took the seat at the vanity, his eyes closed as he held the side of his head. “Yeah,” he provided. “Fun fact. I was under mind control.”
Sharon’s due date was drawing nearer. Their daughter would be arriving in the world soon and even though he didn’t want a child with Sharon, Steve knew he would love that little baby like he loved his other children. Sharon was, unfortunately the burden that came with his child.
“Aw.” Anna cooed at their interactions and Harley removed his fingers from between Torunn’s legs. “Congratulations you two.”
They were sitting in their living room, trying to watch a movie when Bruce noticed her lost in her thoughts. He took one of her hands in his and it made her turn her attention to him. “What you are thinking about?”
“Alright Stephen. You’ve definitely caught my attention but we’re going to need more wine if we’re going to be trading secrets.” And Stephen conjured up a portal with the circular motion of his fingers to the restaurant’s kitchen and pulled out two bottles of wine. Tony had already learned from Pepper that he use to dabble in superhero-ing but he didn’t know they would be having show-and-tell featured in their date. He would have brought a suit of armour otherwise.
“Mind control? Harley that’s insane. That stuff can real mess up your head.” She paused. “Let me guess. Nertha?”
“Not really.” Anna responded. Her brother had clearly mis-interpreted what she’d said. “I got to train with them but never got to go on any missions.”
Jacob snickered as his best friend started the task of undoing his tie for the fifth time. “Are you nervous?”
Steve got up from his seat and walked over to Nathan and Morgan. He stooped down before her and attempted to wipe her tears with a napkin. It crushed him whenever he saw her cry and that was rare. She always held everything together. Always had everything under control. She was miss perfect. Tears were out of character for her and it pained him to see his little girl cry. Nathan let go of her hand and let Steve pull her into his arms.
Nat had noticed a blonde stealing glances at Bucky and pointed it out. “Bucky, I think that guy is checking you out.” Both Steve and Bucky stopped their drinking to see who Nat was referring to. The guy turned away when all three pairs of eyes were on him. Bucky didn’t buy into it. He wasn’t looking for someone, but he knew that anyone would run away once they realized who he was and the track record that he came with.
Pietro was actually happy to be an Uncle soon despite his teasing towards their relationship in the past. He just could not give up the chance to mess with his sister whom he was 12 minutes older than. Then they talked about Cassie, and Wanda couldn’t help but ask if he was serious about her. Pietro confessed that they’d already been together for 5 months. He was very serious about her.
“Can I get you another drink? On me?” Justin insisted, glancing at Gary. That was his signal to let him know to pour Stephen another drink. Gary poured two glasses, putting one in front of each man.
Tony realized that he knew more than he was claiming to, but he wasn’t ready to have this conversation yet. “Stephen, I want to be alone right now.” Tony said firmly. Stephen then marvelled at how well he deflected and never answered the question.
Wasn't too fond of this chapter but thank you so much to all who read and comment. Comments are always nice to read 💛💙❤
“The day before Hammer died, she asked me if Aunt Nat and I ever snuck into SHIELD liked we planned to –” Morgan was interrupted.
“This. That. Everything. You and Rhodey.” Pepper and Rhodey had been there for him since before he met Steve, before they fell in love, before they started a family and eventually fell apart. They were the only two people that kept Tony grounded and pulled him through all the messes in his life whether he created them or not and Tony was forever grateful. He sat across from Pepper, before she spoke again.
“Captain America?” Wade questioned, looking at Peter who nodded at him. Peter knew Wade was a fan of his father more so than his mother, but Wade hadn’t known that Steve was the scarier parent.
“Spiderman.” He was terribly close to him and he could somehow feel this guy’s eyes staring into his through their masks.
Steve could tell he was trying to make himself feel better. Soon, Sam joined them also wearing a robe. “Hey man. I didn’t know you were coming over so early.”
“I won’t.” he promised. Anna felt relieved but with a secret like that came many questions. She shifted uncomfortably which prompted Peter to glance down at her legs. He could see a white substance trickling down.
Loki sat by her on the bed, smoothing out her hair as she kept her face hidden in her palms. “Oh, sweet Torunn. Why all the dramatics?” Torunn stared up at her Uncle, a mischievous glint in her eyes. Torunn’s face held bafflement. “I’m not one to be fooled. I know you have feelings for Harley.” He clarified.
“Whatever you decide, I’ll be fine with.” Nathan responded, adjusting his glasses and smiling at her. “You’re going be the one carrying him or her. It’s your body. I would never ask you to do something you don’t want to.” And that was gratifying. He wasn’t going to force her to do anything.
“Sif suggested a Summer one.” Loki answered. “Around August of next year. Enough time to plan and prepare.”
“If…if…” he began, trying to free is hand from Tony’s grip. “If we can be together...” Steve was careful to repeat Tony’s exact words as his brown eyes watched him. “Then we don’t have to get rid of SJ…we can have our son. We can be a family.” Because that’s all he wants. He wants SJ to have both his parents in his life. He wants to have Tony’s love and wants to be a family with him. Steve had been so distorted in the past because Tony never failed to remind him that he could never give him what Pepper could. They’d never be a family. But they can now. If Tony wants to be together, they can be a family too.
“Mommy’s in the bathroom. He’ll be out soon.” He assured him, walking out of the room with him and towards Morgan’s room. “So, what happened to Morgan, Harls?”
“Maybe this makes me a bad person Tony.” He was staring into his eyes, “but I feel like a weight has been lifted off me.” He paused. “For the first time in my life I don’t feel like the 16-year-old kid she took advantage of, that she used for sex, all those years ago.”
Everyone was staring at him; Tony especially. “Mom. I know you said you were afraid that would happen to me too because of Wade but –”
Steve knew he was lucky. He’d struck gold when he met Tony. He never stopped winning after that. They spent the rest of the night, drinking and chatting until Steve realized how late it was. He’d told Tony he’d be back in time to put Morgan to bed. She always had a hard time getting to sleep and staying asleep if her dad didn’t put her to bed. So, they all finished their drinks and went their separate ways.
Tony continued his train of thoughts. “We always just left most things at a need-to-know basis.” Tony paused, looking from Steve to each of their children’s faces. “This isn’t like a big life-changing secret…”
“Dr Stephen Strange”, the older guy introduced himself, getting up to pull out Tony’s seat at the restaurant Pepper and Christine had made reservations for them.
“Dad.” Morgan called out when she noticed him. “What are you doing here?” Although she no longer lived at the mansion it shouldn’t have been a surprise that she would still pop up from time to time, especially since it was Tony’s birthday.
“Steve.” Bruce explained. Apparently, Steve had taken it upon himself to let everyone know that he was seeing Stephen.
Pepper almost fainted, if Amelia didn’t have his powers she’d probably be seriously injured or worse…
“You remember we told you, your mother had a difficult labour with Peter and Paige – her name was going to be Paige.” Steve explained. The trio nodded for confirmation. They knew the circumstances of their mother’s last delivery. Tony’s heart had stop. Steve directed his next words to Peter. “You and your sister were having trouble breathing. The doctors didn’t get her out in time, and we lost her...”
“As much I’d love to, I really just want to have one normal year living with my parents.” She heard him scoff. “After graduation you can have me all to yourself. Day and night.” She explained, hiking her dress up and freeing his erection in the process.
“I wish my parents could be as happy as yours.” She began, resting her head on his shoulder and occasionally titling her head back so she could meet his eyes. He’d already taken his glasses off in preparation for bed and she could clearly see his steely grey eyes. “And you have 3 parents.”
“I know.” He whispered, flying off and narrowly escaping the explosions. He and Rhodey fired back. It was far greater than he had expected and was glad Rhodey had come along.
Tony left it at that. He let Morgan know he was there if she needed to talk about the mess that was dinner, leaving her to finish up in the bathroom.
The three girls chattered by the lockers in the hall as Nathan, Bruce Banner’s son and Morgan’s boyfriend for the past 6 months, approached them. “Hey” Nathan greeted them, adjusting his glasses before wrapping his arms around Morgan and planting a brief kiss on her cheek.
“That Harley seems to get around, doesn’t he?” Hela butt in and Nertha smiled, grateful her mother was in agreement with her. “I have said it before and I will say it again. Dear brother, why do we continue to mingle with humans? They are beneath us.” Hela chirped.
“She was never like this.” Steve glanced at Bucky and then Sam before carrying on again. “I told her it was just gonna be sex but I think she wants it to be more than that.”
“I thought that was a joke.” Peter stated. Tony had laughed it off the first and only time he mentioned him having a twin.
“Yeah. I’ve always kind of wanted more kids,” Carol mused. “And this way, I don’t have to carry them and go through the stresses of pregnancy.”
This time was different. They were happy, together as a couple again and both hoping Tony was carrying their baby. Kayla had greeted them, engaging in casual conversations with the couple, especially Steve since they hadn’t seen each other in years. Kayla mentioned she had seen Peter recently to get started on his shots and Steve let out a huff of air, clearly irritated. The topic changed, thankfully when Tony got situated on the examination bed and Kayla set up the ultrasound machine.
“It’s okay.” Steve assured them. “I’m good. After all these years I feel free and able to talk about this freely.” It wasn’t a burden anymore.
“That’s usually every former Avenger and their families. We might have some Guardians this year, Aunt Gamora and Uncle Quill.” Peter decided to take her a few floors down into the home theatre where all his and Morgan’s friends were. “And Mom also mentioned that he extended the invitation to the X-men.”
Steve’s jaws visibly tighten. “Why do you think I need to hear this, Harley?” He kept quiet after that and Steve continued. “Clint is going to put an arrow through your arm and no one is going to stop him.”
“You’ll get there.” He assured her. Crushes took some time to get over. He knew that much; just not how long. He didn’t know when he’d stop thinking about Wade even though he walked out of his life.
. It was a way of forcing Loki to attend these family gatherings as he had loathed most of the people in the room but if they were celebrating him, he’d let his hatred temporarily subside. Loki wasn’t stupid though, he figured out that the party wasn’t for him after the first one he attended but Thor didn’t know he knew so he kept up the rouse. Even thinking he had caught on to the Earth holiday and started bringing gifts for everyone.
When they arrived on the right floor, Steve let Morgan go before him. She walked into the main living room and found a group of people dressed in Bunny ears and costumes who yelled surprise upon seeing her. Tony, who stood out in his pink and white full-body bunny costume was the first person to approach her. She saw her dad grab a pair of bunny ears and stuck them on as well.
“Somewhere around. You know her, probably pining after that Stark boy again.” Hela explained with great aversion. She could never comprehend her daughter’s fascination with mortals, Stark’s son especially. After Thor re-instated her crown following Odin’s death, Hela was known as a Princess again. She earned a seat on Thor’s council and was a major influence of what Asgard had become today. She carried herself at an even higher standard now and what her daughter had become was a low point in her eyes, especially for a God. Mortals were beneath them. Nertha was doing the most un-Asgardian thing ever.
“Okay.” And Sam pressed his lips onto his. His hands found Bucky’s chocolate locks and Bucky held him close at the waist. “Winter is at the Lang’s. Playdate with Christie.” Bucky mumbled.
“I’m fine.” He assured them, jerking back and away from Steve. “Please just leave me alone.” He whispered.
“Where is he anyways?” Steve hadn’t seen Pietro in years, since the Avengers split up. No one had really. Not even Wanda. It was just calls, texts and the occasional video calls. Never in person.
“My laughter equates to interest or attraction?” Torunn proposed. It put his attention back on her and away from his thoughts. She returned the brush to its designated spot on the vanity and grabbed a hair tie so her hair could be pulled into a high ponytail.
After Steve healed everything went back to normal. Steve moved in fully with Sam and Bucky. Steve went to his pregnant mothers group meetings. Steve went to his doctor’s appointments. SJ was doing great and most importantly he wasn't seeing Tony in his dreams anymore.
“It’s a shame Harley isn’t here.” Maria realized. She took her own seat and Steve came waltzing into the room, a dish in hand. He brought dessert.
Tony had gathered everyone in the living room so they could surprise Morgan and Steve had gone to retrieve her from her room.
Harley, Morgan and Peter were seated in the living area when Steve and Tony joined them. They sat across from their kids on an ottoman. Harley tried to break the ice with a little humour. “Are we in trouble?”
“No.” Steve explained. “You haven’t. To be completely honest, I can hardly remember what took place that night but I know I’ve never felt anything for Nat; she’s never felt anything for me. And as for Tony, my feelings for him have never changed.”
There was a look of resentment written all over Steve’s face. Bucky had taken the water from his hands so he could be free to write but Steve never did. Bucky was a little frustrated. He wished Steve would just let Tony go. He wouldn’t have to worry about anything else. He and Sam would gladly take care of him. “You still love him, don’t you?”
– she was Sam’s, from the chocolate color of her skin to her beautiful head of tight brown curls and
“I’d like to see you try,” she challenged. And Valkyrie spoke again before Thor could. “I’ve met someone. When we visited.” Thor stayed quiet encouraging her to go on. “She’s very distracting.”
“Steve?,” came a soft voice behind him. Tony had just disappeared around the corner, cum dripping down his legs. Maria had managed to sneak up on him. “I thought I heard Tony in here.” And then she noticed his hair. “What happened to your hair, Steve?”
He smiles up at Tony as he hovers over him but Tony doesn’t return it. Instead he’s kissing him again, one hand around his neck. Steve can feel him squeezing too hard and then the other hand is there, squeezing even harder. Tony pulls away from the kiss and he’s angry. Steve is clawing at his neck, trying to get Tony to stop. Because he can’t breathe and if he can’t breathe then neither can the baby and he can’t let his son die. But Tony doesn’t stop, he’s very determined. Tony is going to kill him. SJ is going to die. He’ll never get to see his baby’s face. He’ll never get to hold him and the last face he’ll get to see before he dies, is that of the man he loves. Maybe it’s not so bad. Maybe.
“I do not wish for Harley to know my feelings for him.” She paused. Loki motioned for her to proceed. “I believe he is incapable of love or having feelings for anyone.”
Nat glanced to Bruce, with a ‘what did I do wrong’ look on her face. “You know how Tony is. He hasn’t fully forgiven Steve and –”
Nertha was displeased by all the wedding preparations that were taking place around her in the palace’s grandest ball room and she regretted everything. She was the reason for Torunn and Harley’s betrothal. A mortal, though it was one she was once infatuated with, would hold more power and authority on Asgard than she ever would. She regretted it all.
“Look. We’ll never be friends.” Carol stated and Sif scoffed. So they were going to address the elephant in the room then. “But I do wish you both the best.” Carol complied. “I just don’t understand your hatred towards me. You got Thor in the end.”
Nat glanced over at the them. She let out a small chuckle and Sam had to tear his eyes away from his husband and Wakanda’s King. Why was Nat laughing? “Sam, I think you’re seeing things that aren’t there.”
When Tony introduced each other, they tried to be nice. Steve shock both their hands but not bothering to look at them. Tony meant to say more with his introductions but he was interrupted by a busy call. He excused himself to another room and his sons used that moment to interrogate Steve.
Anna was satisfied as she nodded and decided to change the topic. Anything besides talk of their mother was more welcoming. “Did you ever visit SHIELD with Aunt Nat?” Morgan had mentioned the planned outing, but it never came to fruition.
“Mom….” Her voice cracked. “It won’t stop…” Tony ran to her, trying desperately to calm her down. “I can’t stop it…the baby.” She choked out her last words.
Getting pregnant was a mistake - a complete accident but things worked itself out. Getting married was just something he could never see himself doing.
“I’m happy for you Wade.” Really, truly, Peter was but it wasn’t fair of him to do what he did. “Just don’t leave me again.”
“With Uncle Bruce.” Peter answered. He remembered because Nathan had mentioned it at one point or the other. He was almost sure.
His mother was definitely getting up there in age. It wasn’t surprising she could have gotten things mixed up. But everything after the mention of Stephen was a never wavering philosophy, she held all her life about family. Family was everything to her. It’s why Tony made an effort to visit her as often as possible with the kids. It’s why he was finally having her moved in with him, even though she didn’t want to let their family home go.
So thank you Stony fans for sticking around for 24 chapters (of IronStrange) 😘 I'm so glad that's over and done with. The future is looking bright for Steve and Tony 💛💙❤
Then he asked himself, why he hadn’t gotten the abortion yet so he could avoid this altogether and get back to his normal life? He was a little scared and so confused. He needed Steve for reassurance, who was very much awake and sitting on the ottoman before their bed when he re-entered their bedroom. Tony noticed he was wearing a robe now, same as him, to conceal his nakedness after their multiple sessions of love making the night prior. Steve beckoned him over as he parted his legs a bit and welcomed Tony’s presence there.
“After hearing both sides and going over all the evidence and footage and testimonies, I here by grant full custody of Nicholas James Rogers to...”
“Peter is just a kid.” Steve continued. “And Tony says you have a kid. Do you have any idea how disgusting and inappropriate that is? I would call the cops but how well could a cell hold an enhanced human?”
Leave it to Wade Wilson to sneak his way into his mom’s Christmas party at their home and casually hang out in Peter’s room like it was nothing.
Anna seemed as though she was about to argue when Tony interrupted. “We can talk about it more at a later time.”
“Why does it feel like we just put down newborns and this is our only moment of peace?” Steve had went on. The notion made Tony chuckle.
“I do. I was wrong and completely out of line for doing that.” He countered, taking a step towards him and Bucky put out his left arm to keep Sam at arms-length. “I’ll do whatever it takes for you to forgive me.” Sam provided.
Steve decided he wouldn’t let Strange spoil his mood. He’d just grab something to eat, see Peter and see how Morgan was doing then leave. He didn’t need any problems. But he was also a bit irritated. Following Morgan’s mishap, those weeks ago in which he and Tony had had a moment, he really thought they were making progress considering how he left things with Strange. Wishful thinking, he supposed.
Remy followed Pepper up the elevator and through the party. Pepper had formally invited him to the event after discussing it with Tony. He was Amelia’s father which made him eligible for family gatherings. Remy declined but offered to stop by and give their daughter a Christmas gift.
Tony brought Peter, Morgan and Harley along to Peggy’s funeral. Maria Stark’s attendance was a given. Despite the kids’ state of limbo with their father, they knew Steve would be in attendance and they wanted to be there for him. Family always came first, come what may. Peggy’s family – her children and grandchildren sat up front; Maria joined them. Steve was in the second row of seats and Sharon stayed glued to his side. Tony however, sat closer to the back with Harley, Morgan and Peter, as far away as possible.
He reached her soon enough. Her back was to him and she sank back into his arms the moment she felt him pressed up against her. “You good?” he questioned, kissing the top of her head.
“Not even Thor.” She emphasized and Pepper realized this must be serious. “But Valkyrie?” Carol paused. Only Valkyrie could come this close. Her eyes started to glow beyond her control. “She makes me feel the way I felt when I first met James.”
Thank you for reading! Reviews, Comments and Kudos are always welcome! 💛✨💙✨❤✨Also I'm so happy to be back! Updates will be more frequent now 😊
“Good.” He stated. “Call Pepper please.” Tony requested. He gathered himself and spoke with Pepper as he got his and the kids’ stuff together. He couldn’t stay in his home, at least not tonight.
“How are my parents okay with this? How is my father okay with this?” Surely Steve Rogers couldn’t be okay with this. They were just going to let Wade, a 29-year-old man, have his way with their almost 18-year-old son. He wondered if they had found out about Remy and Anna’s relationship yet. It had only been two months. What was happening in this house, really? Why was Wade Wilson suddenly a part of their family?
“You sound crazy.” Anna fired back. It was by far the most ridiculous allegations she’d ever heard, and she couldn’t understand where these thoughts of hers where coming from.
Sam hummed before clicking his tongue, grabbing another drink from the bar. “You know...Bucky said the same thing.”
Deep in thought, Steve came back downstairs, blindfold in hand and completely topless. Steve’s body was just a work of art and Tony didn’t know how he managed to get him in his bed. He stayed quiet, watching him sit on the sofa with him again and putting the blindfold on.
“If I knew you were going shopping, I’d come help you with the groceries.” Came a voice in the darkness. Sharon shrieked and dropped everything. She searched for the nearest switch. Her living room flooded with light and sitting all poised and perfect on her couch was Justin Hammer. All blonde hair and blue eyes staring back at her.
“You got our daughter tested.” He began and Sam’s eyebrows frowned apologetically. He knew he shouldn’t have done that, especially not without telling Bucky but he did anyway. “You went behind my back.” Bucky continued. His voice stayed level so as not to draw Winter’s attention to them. “You didn’t trust me.”
“Nathan saw Remy with Aunt Nat.” Morgan supplied. It was time to put her theory out there. That Aunt Nat was involved with the murder and so was Remy LeBeau.
he thought. “You never truly forget but you can always find room to forgive”, and Tony was starting to think maybe it was time he took his own words, his own advice into consideration.
She could put that off for only so long. Now she was pregnant. She knew this was a possibility. She knew there was a chance. She just wasn't expecting it but she really should have.
sweetie.” He almost screamed out when Steve clasped a hand over his mouth. Their eyes met and Tony’s cum spurted onto Steve’s torso and chest, and Steve released inside his warmth.
“Oh Steve. I’m so sorry.” Bucky sympathized, glancing at him and back at the road several times. “You’re going to be okay though.”
To say Sam was concerned was an understatement but he wouldn’t allow himself to think that Bucky was being anything more than a friend to T’challa. He just didn’t enjoy Wakanda’s King being in his home.
Rhodey had finally gotten around to sharing his recent sex-capades with Tony by the end of August. Had it been about 20 years ago, Tony would be laughing with him about being in a polygamous relationship. Now he thought it was so out of character for Rhodey and anyone getting closer to 50.
“You don’t think something may be happening there that she has chosen to omit?” Sif worried, ignoring the last of Hela’s statement.
“It’s my duty.” Torunn explained. But she didn’t want a boyfriend or husband or any suitor. She was confident she was more than capable of ruling Asgard on her own one day. It’s not as if Thor and Sif didn’t know this. Tradition was just tradition. How else would she give Asgard a legitimate heir, one day? Torunn perked up after a moment, Morgan needed positive energy around her.
“That’s fine.” She paused for only a second. “You remember Christine from Leah’s baby shower?” Pepper inquired. Tony nods wondering where all this is going. “She has a friend, a Dr Stephen Strange who happens to be single.”
“I have a mother and a father already.” He had said to Steve, Natasha and Tony who was always by Steve's side. “I could have gone my whole life without knowing this and I’d be okay.” It was true.
“Please leave.” Tony added, coming out from behind Steve. He didn’t want to have to deal with this right now. He just wanted to crawl back into bed with Steve and forget about this mess. Eventually, Stephen left.
“Harls.” There was the nickname again. Harley could melt away from hearing that. No one had ever said it the way she had, his entire life. She had paused her brushing. “You call to inquire about whether or not I have an interest in Jaime.” It was not a question, but Harley answered regardless.
“Your majesty.” Cassie and Lila said, simultaneously while Torunn held hands with her mother and shared cheek kisses. “Lila was just being bitter.” Cassie added.
“I don’t mind having girls fight over me.” Harley explained, winking at Michelle and she made a disgusted face. “I’ll wait,” he whispered so only she could hear. “Or whenever you’re ready,” he smirked.
James Romanov was always a happy kid growing up. He grew up with two parents who loved him. A mother in Tanya Romanov-Kozlov who was loving and caring and a father whom he always knew wasn’t biological in Misha Kozlov. He also had two younger siblings who he always looked out for - Ana and Levi. His aunt Natasha also meant everything for him so finding out he had been lied to all his life, hurt more than he could ever imagine. That the woman he called mom was actually his aunt and his aunt was actually the woman who gave birth to him. And that his real father was Captain America himself, Steve Rogers.
“We’re having a meeting about Anna.” Harley clarified. He was sitting on his bed. Morgan sat on one of two armchairs before him and Peter turned the other one around to face Harley. Morgan and Peter stared at their older brother questionably after hearing what he had said. Growing up, they liked to have meetings like this. They, however, hadn’t had one since Peter was 8 but Peter supposed desperate times called for desperate measures and sibling meetings.
“Right.” She recalled how Tony felt about that particular situation. “What’s that thing he always says?”
Remy’s poker face faltered but he answered after a moment in all honesty. “I was curious to know if I could have created anything good.” Pepper raised an eyebrow, not expecting that response
“Not all anymore, right?” Strange baited. Steve rolled his eyes. He had the propensity to disregard any thoughts of Sharon. Even though the memory of discovering the gender of their baby was still fresh in his mind. He was having a girl and he wasn’t certain how Morgan would react to that. She was his only daughter for 18 years and though, she wouldn’t say it, she was extremely possessive of her father. With Peter she had no choice but to deal, with just a year separating them; he was always there.
“Sorry I was just looking for you and kind of just kept listening,” He apologized but Tony wasn’t paying much attention to him. Steve decided to say what he had meant to earlier. “Morgan is doing better.” Tony was surprised to hear this.
Nathan completely forgot the bottle of water he was going for initially when he got downstairs. He saw Morgan’s black cat, Binx before anything else when he reached his room. Or rather his and Morgan’s as they liked to tell everyone. Binx was their baby. The kitten had helped them both heal when they lost their actual baby.
“You’re strong Morgie.” She chuckled at the name. He hadn’t called her that since they were kids. When she was born, Harley had a hard time pronouncing her name and even after he grew older and learned how, he still teased her with the name. “You’re the strongest person I know. That’s how I know you’ll get past this.”
“It’s business.” He reverberated his answer from before. It was vague but it was the truth. What he and Natasha was doing was almost transactional. She did something for him and he wouldn’t share her secret. He placed a hand on Anna’s inner thigh and shivers ran through her. His other hand found her face, pressing a kiss against her lips and he welcomed the pain that came with having skin-to-skin contact with her.
“T’challa’s pretty friendly with Bucky, isn’t he?” Sam started, folding his arms over his chest. His eyes stayed on T’challa and Bucky in a gathering of people on the other side of the room. Nakia, Okoye and an array of mutant teachers from Xavier’s School were a part of that gathering.
“When I found out I was pregnant I was excited and ashamed of myself. I’d gotten pregnant by a married man.” He looks to Pepper and mouths an “I’m sorry”. “So I hid it from Tony at first but I was also happy because we’d made a life together.” Steve turned to the jury. “If any of you have kids, you know what it’s like. I only got 3 days with my son.” The room stayed quiet as tears threaten to fall from Steve’s eyes.
When they arrived, Sif gave her a brief hug and Thor offered her hand to Harley literally and figuratively. He was giving his daughter away. Harley unveiled her and Morgan held onto her bouquet for the duration of the ceremony.
“I’ll go meet him.” She responded, heading in the direction of the elevators. Tony thanked Friday for the info before going back to the party.
Tony realized he and Pepper hadn’t talked one-on-one in a while and, with the new-found pregnancy he needed someone else to talk to that wasn’t Steve. He went by her place for a change and tried to keep his pregnancy symptoms at bay. He was really craving the distraction.
“Why do you think that is?” Carol voiced, thinking of her heartbroken son. Almost a month later and Jacob was still having a hard time getting over the break-up.
“Yeah.” He assured her. He let her get cleaned up before heading down to their mother’s lab together. They had a couple of “fix-it bots” somewhere down there that could help. And as they supervised the repair of Anna’s bedroom door, more questions pertaining to Anna’s relationship with Remy followed.
“No. This is very serious. You’ve never dated anyone before. Like where is he from? How did you guys meet?”
“Hi.” He whispered back. Then Wade let him down, staring down at Peter into those, stunning brown eyes.
Steve heard the toilet being flushed and the sink running. “They’re your kids when they hurt their mother.” He taunted. “My kids would never do that.”
“Are we ready?” Thor questioned, getting the faint smell of something burning from the air. He chose to ignore it. He could guess quite accurately what had happened judging by Nertha’s disgruntled appearance.
“I don’t think I can forgive Dad and Aunt Nat for hurting you Mom.” Peter chimed in. Tony broke eye contact with Morgan to face him.
“Happy Birthday Tony.” Steve whispered and it made Tony grin, his eyes crinkling at the corners. He was 46 today.
She cut him off becoming irritated with his clothedness. “What? You think you’re too good for me Harley?” She jeered. He’d sleep with anyone really, so why not her?
Carol had to agree. “Jacob almost destroyed our home when he first discovered his powers.” It was a difficult task up until this point in his life for her son to stabilize his powers. She longed for the day he would.
Nathan drew his face out of her neck, his lips inches away from hers again. “What are we going to do?” Morgan asked. There was a baby to think about. The thought made her shiver. She never thought she’d be saying that so soon but here they were. A baby between them, literally.
His eyes were closed when Tony resurfaced from the sheets. He straddled him again. Steve hardened in seconds before him. “Still not even yet.” Tony remarked. He rose his hips and sunk down on Steve’s cock. He started a rhythm, whimpering as Steve held his waist and he grinded against him.
But Steve started to roll his hips and grabbed both of Tony’s palms with his, pinning him down on the bed. The sound of his balls slapping against Tony’s skin filled the room, thereafter with their breathy moans. He enjoyed the squeeze around him each time he pulled out partly and he could feel Tony's walls gripping him and each time he slammed right back in and Tony's bed would move with him. Tony let out a gasp each time, surprised at the force Steve was rocking and wrecking his body. His eyes watered because
“Hey…Steve.” Bucky began slowly. He wasn’t expecting Steve over so soon. He opened his door wider so Steve could get in. “I didn’t know you were
“I know.” Steve kissed Morgan’s forehead. “I’m sorry Morguna.” He tickled her nose with his and she started giggling. She’d forgiven him no problem. He knew things wouldn’t go over that easily with Tony, if he knew the truth. He couldn’t tell him. It would ruin everything. He turned to Tony. “And I really am sorry baby. Never again.” He promised. He would make sure nothing that had happened last night ever happened again.
Harley picked up right there. “She was jealous because that thing I had with Lila last year.” Steve rolled his eyes, recalling clearly the date in question.
“Oh.” Thor paused. “That’s great.” This was good news. Valkyrie had been by herself for years now and Thor knew she wasn’t happy. But then he noticed she wasn’t sharing his smile. “Something the matter?”
“Only for a time.” Thor clarified, taking Sif’s hand, stormbreaker still in the other and led them towards the Mansion.
Sharon held her voice for a second, before whispering. “My Aunt Peggy passed away…” he could hear her quiet sobs.
"I wanted us to see a councilor and figure out our marriage but Alex just wanted a divorce and money so he could leave. I wouldn't let him take Peter. He was clearly mentally ill and I wouldn't let my son be raised by a psychopath."
Tony couldn’t control his blush or hide his smile. “Yes. I want to try.” No doubt about it. He just needed a moment. He wanted to, “Take things slow?” But he was asking. He needed them to be on the same page.
Tony took the elevator down to the last floor and ventured to their indoor-outdoor seating area that opened up to the backyard. He noticed the blinds covering the glass windows were closed as well and the glass doors were heavily tinted. He wouldn’t be able to see anything until he opened the doors and walked outside. So he took a deep breath, pulled the doors open and walked in.
And they worried about him. Because who was this Steve Rogers? That he'd met...what was it? Three months ago and they were already engaged. This was the first time they were hearing about him. And this was another young one - 26 years younger than their father's 54 years. They just didn't understand how their father couldn't see that these young men weren't actually in love with him.
That wasn’t impossible. He could shoot webs from his wrist. His mom was Ironman. His uncle Thor was an actual god. Wanda was dating Vision, an intelligent machine personified. Aunt Carol could shoot laser blasts from her hands. It wasn’t impossible that Wade could read minds. Peter just hadn’t read any mention of it in his file. And in an afterthought, he wondered if Wade could hear what he was thinking in this moment.
No one was expecting that. Certainly not Steve. Morgan stopped eating feeling herself grow nauseous and dizzy from it all because her father’s girlfriend or whatever Sharon is to him being pregnant was news to her. “Dad?” She looked up at her father with betrayal in her eyes. When was he going to tell her? Did Peter know?
“You don’t think it could be because I love him?” Strange jeered. “Of course, you wouldn’t.” he answered his own question. “It’s obvious you never did. You ruined your entire marriage just for one night with some whore I’m sure.” Strange carried on.
“Nice.” He mused and he wasn’t even aware of the fact that they had walked passed a very jealous Nertha.
“It was hard getting her to sleep and then she woke in the middle of the night crying and it woke Harley.” He finished.
Steve eventually calmed himself enough to respond to Tony. “He’s not right for you, Tony. You have to see that.”
“Pep, I see how torn up she is and it’s like I’m the one who had the miscarriage. I can feel her pain. It breaks my heart. She’s just a kid. She shouldn’t have to deal with something like this.” She can hear Tony’s voice break.
“After being pushed in a lake and strangled by the father of my child, had my child taken from me in a heartbeat by Mr. Stark. I just can’t make that up.” He confessed. “I just want my son back. That’s all I want, to see him grow and be happy and healthy.”
Tony put a stop to their bickering before they started again. “I never thought I’d have to say this but,” Tony paused, addressing Stephen first. “No matter the amount of hatred,” he glanced at Steve briefly “I have for Steve, it doesn't take away from the fact that he is still the father of my children so I'm going to need you to at least respect him.”
“We love you too.” Her parents responded, simultaneously before they shared a kiss. Even if they never had another child, this would be enough.
"But I'm glad things happened the way that they did. I met you. And I couldn't be happier." Tony whispered, as he captured his lips into a intense kiss and his hands rested on Steve's belly, where their baby was growing. Steve had gotten pregnant on their first try and it prompted Tony to propose to him.
“All I’m saying is I would never do that to you Tony. I love you.” They’d been dating for little over 3 months and it was the first time he’d said it. Was it too soon? He was looking at him expectantly. He didn’t want to be pressured into saying it if he didn’t feel it. He didn’t think he could ever love again. Not since Steve took that love and stumped all over it.
. Hammer was gone, after all and no one was in immediate danger it seemed at the time, so he was over it as much as Tony and Steve were.
They’d talk later of course so Bucky decided to have his breakfast for now. He ate his fill and was about to toss his garbage in the kitchen trash can when he saw a suspicious sheet of paper crumpled up on top. He reached in and grabbed it, straighten out the paper. It was from a DNA centre, more specifically DNA results. Results that stated that Sam and Winter were a 99.9% match as expected. Bucky already knew that, but Sam hadn’t trusted him and had gone behind his back and got their daughter tested.
“Show off.” Tony remarked. He would give Stephen a chance because why the heck not. They were both single and lonely and everyone deserved a special someone. The name would take a while to grow on him though. It was way too close to comfort.
“Pump this.” Renee Marshall, the head of the division under Peggy spoke. She was checking Steve’s reflexes following the strenuous mission he’d returned from the day before. He had been battered and bruised but was recovering quickly as was expected. Steve pumped the item in his hand as the woman made her notes on her clipboard.
“Well, I’d been watching Peter…” Wade started. Tony’s eyes widened. Peter wanted to curl up into a ball and die. Wade wasn’t helping at all. Did he know how to lie?
He went into labor a week before his due date. Steve would like to think he must have been stressed or something else went wrong, or maybe SJ was ready to come into the world. Whatever the reason, SJ was coming. The entire labor process was a blur to him. One minute he was being prepped for a C-section and the next the doctor was placing a very bloody baby on his chest.
“I know Bucky and I’m so sorry. I really am. I should have trusted you.” Sam uttered as he walked towards his husband and tried embrace him. Bucky gave in.
Steve raised one shoulder in a self-conscious shrug, but Tony wasn’t fooled. He could tell just how much Steve didn’t want to go. Could feel it in the tension that now tightened his muscles. The way his hand clenched rhythmically on the tie still held in his fist, and Tony was suddenly afraid. Not that Steve would leave, but for the state of his own heart. His physical heart. It hadn’t been this full in years. Maybe ever. He was afraid it might explode with love.
Steve glanced down at himself, his t-shirt and blue pajama bottoms.  His bare feet.  He needed a shower.  And a shave.  But, he supposed, he could do that at home.
She nodded, keeping her eyes on her coloring book. “When Daddy moved away.” She turned the page. “Then when I came here and Mommy stayed in California, I had bad dreams again.”
And then Steve was kissing him, and everything else was gone. All that remained was Steve. Just Steve.
He cut out the “fuck yourself” part, added a little more to it, and took out the “Dear” in the greeting, but everything else was better than anything he could have come up with on his own.  He didn’t say “Love” at the end, either.  Tony had just been joking about that--he hoped--and after much interior debate, he settled on the original “Sincerely”.  It seemed formal and polite.  That was what he wanted.  Formal.  Polite.
He couldn’t really blame heartbreak anymore for the lump in his throat.  It had been months now.  Six since Steve had been taken, three since their failed attempt to heal him.  He’d moved on.  Tried to, at least.  Gina was young and bright and fun.  They laughed a lot.  They drank a lot.  They fucked a lot.  Was that a quote, unquote normal relationship?  He didn’t know.  He didn’t love her, he knew that.  He liked her.  He liked spending time with her.  But that was pretty much it.  She wasn’t “the one”.  That was something he didn’t like to think about, because he was still pretty sure who that was.  Just because “the one” didn’t agree didn’t make it any less true.
Natasha’s hand stole into his hair and stroked. It seemed unconscious, but Steve knew it for what it was--a diversionary tactic. She really was good.
“‘Kay,” Steve said and leaned close to Bucky, hooking his arm around him. “Help me, Tim,” he said to Dugan, and between the two of them, they wrangled Bucky up onto Steve’s shoulders.
He stood up and cleared the dishes, then ran hot water in the sink.  There was a dishwasher, and he wasn’t above using it, but he liked the methodical act of washing by hand.  It was soothing.
They reached the end of the aisle, and she turned to him, reached up and took his face in her hands.  All of his thoughts were reflected in her own eyes.  Because they were
Tony made a sudden gagging noise.  “Sexy?  Oh-oh my god, Pepper, I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.”
As he got closer, though, Tony could tell this one was different.  Steve, while still calm, had adopted his “Captain America” stance.  Almost parade rest, his shoulders squared and solid, hands on his belt, head slightly lowered.  Tony saw the muscle in his jaw working, the twitch of his fingers, and quickened his pace.
It didn’t take long.  In what seemed like seconds, Tony came, stifling his grunt of satisfaction by biting into his forearm, leaving a perfect impression of his own teeth in the skin.  He stroked himself a couple more times as he came down, drawing out the pleasure by habit, even as his mind filled with self-hatred.  What was he doing?  Steve was in the other room, hurting, angry, confused, and he was in here jerking off like some horny teenager with no self-control.
“That’s true,” Steve said, sliding his hands up and down Tony’s back again, smiling when he arched into it like a cat. “You better watch out, though. If Morgan sees
“Wow, Steve,” Tony said, finally applying the flame.  “I had no idea you were such a little youthful offender.”
rain. He remembered it from before, but for some reason he couldn’t remember it lasting this long. Maybe it was just because he was so acclimated to sunny Los Angeles now. Maybe because it had been a long winter already, and now the spring was being a bitch too. Whatever the reason, he found himself feeling irritated and sulky. And that was rubbing off on Morgan, who was usually the sweetest kid in the universe.
Tony stood up from the chair and folded his arms.  Sleep was out of the question, and the idea of the lab was even dubious now.  No one but Steve made him feel this way.  Angry, hurt, sick with love and mad with desire.  In all his long life, no one could ever tear him apart the way Steve Rogers could.  Did.  Was doing.  Right this second.
When the news was over, they’d go to the bedroom.  More often than not, they’d make some kind of love--sometimes fast and hard, sometimes long and slow, sometimes it was just a quick hand-job.  Steve was particularly fond of the nights when Tony would lay him down on the bed still fully-clothed, open his jeans just enough to suck him off, then masturbate until he came all over Steve’s chest and face.  It was messy, dirty, and so very, very good.  Steve usually came again just from the sensation of Tony’s release hitting his cheeks and lips, leaving him a shuddering, weak puddle unable to move for fifteen minutes.  Those nights necessitated a lot of laundry the next day, but Steve never complained.  It was worth it.
She nudged him with her toe. “Shut up. Go put my laundry away, then come back here. You had something to talk to me about, remember?”
Steve bore up under his scrutiny as long as he could, then he turned to go.  Tony’s hand touched his arm and he halted immediately.
knew who Howard Stark was? Sure, they might know his name--he’d been on television and in the newspapers plenty of times before--but even Steve hadn’t really known who he was. He was just one of those names that got thrown around occasionally when they talked science on the news. Just one of those faces that showed up and then was gone again--familiar, but not really known. In fact, until Tony came back into his life, whenever he’d seen a picture of Howard in the newspapers, Steve had assumed he was a politician. Just one more guy making the decisions that ran the world.
They were sitting in Bruce’s apartment.  It was old and worn, but comfortable, with shelves of books and soft places to sit.  An old, battered turntable sat on a low side-board surrounded by records.  Miles Davis was on it now.
“I love you too, honey.” She loosed her hand from his and used it to smooth his hair back from his forehead. She kept doing it for a long time. He let her. It was soft. Soothing. Maybe it was selfish to take in that comfort, but he thought it was okay. He thought it was probably soothing for her too. He hoped it was, anyway, because he wasn’t ready to let it stop. Especially since part of his mind kept nagging at him, telling him it might be the last time he felt it. She might die on the operating table. Or if not on the table, then shortly after from the malignancy in her ovary. Telling him she would die and he’d be alone. All alone. Forever.
holding Steve’s hand while he drove with him beside him. Steve didn’t seem to notice. He just sat looking out the window the way he’d always done, his head against the head-rest. Looking at him out of the corner of his eye, Tony could just see the way his lips looked, soft and relaxed, his eyes drifting closed, then opening again. Tony watched him as he drove, his hands guiding the car automatically, as if they knew the way all on their own.
They went into the living room, and Morgan ran to Steve. He swung her up into his arms and hugged her tight. “Looks different,” she said, touching his hair.
Tony didn’t like the way he did that, gesturing with such familiarity and confidence with his glass. That had been Howard’s specialty. The ease of a veteran drinker. Tony frowned. “No,” he answered. “I’m good.”
As he opened the door and greeted the star-struck kid, he heard the chair whisper across the floorboards.  He heard the back door open, then close.
Howard listened, his head cocked, watching Tony speak. Tony hated that he could see himself in that gesture...except part of him, even now, didn’t hate it at all. Because part of him
be included in his mission. Scared that task might fall onto position two. Scared because Rumlow was position two, and the thought of that fucker getting close to Tony made Steve physically ill. Because that guy shouldn’t be allowed to get close to a stray dog, let alone a sweet, funny, gentle person like Tony. A person who was not only very desirable, but very
“Shhh,” Tony soothed, brushing his fingers through Steve’s hair, kissing his neck, his shoulder. “It’s okay, baby. Everything’s okay, remember?”
Steve shrugged, smiling at him from under his lowered lashes.  He knew what he was doing.  Tony was convinced of it.  The menace.  “I hear Tahiti’s nice.”
Strange wouldn’t allow Tony to come around to the facility and watch Steve’s progress, but he would not refuse Bruce.  Tony had recruited him as his spy, and he went as often as he could, gathering intel and bringing it back to Tony--and Natasha.  She wasn’t allowed at the facility, either.
“Sorry,” he said.  “I didn’t want to do that today.  I wanted this to be a good day.  I’m sorry I ruined it.”
Steve put his hands obediently behind his back, wrists together, thumbs together, and the sheriff clapped the cuffs on him.
Tony kicked his feet up on the railing and looked up at the stars.  They seemed closer here than they did in the city.  Bigger.  Brighter.  Strange to think he’d been among them once.  Strange to think he’d stood atop one.  Strange how things that seemed so untouchable could one day rest in the palm of your hand.  But how did you keep it?  Hamlet could go fuck himself with that “To be or not to be” shit.  How did you keep the untouchable thing you now held?
Sam nodded. “I think he’s alright. This isn’t the first time this has happened, but he needs some support. He’s got me and Sarah. And Bucky and Natasha.” He smiled a little. “And Wanda has mostly come around, but it will be good to have you on Team Steve too.”
Tony closed his eyes, the sheer weight of his relief almost unbearable.  His hands clenched into fists, one at his side, the other still on Steve’s chest.  Steve put his hand over it.
Steve smiled and laid back on the pillows. “You can go to work, Tony,” he said. “Nat’s probably worried anyway. You can just drop me off on your way.”
There was a long deck jutting out from the back of the house.  Some worn but serviceable furniture and the grill Tony had sent up from the city took up most of the space, but there was still plenty of room to move around, and Steve had wheeled his chair to the edge.  The view of the lake was unobstructed from here.  The trees had been trimmed away and there was a lawn leading down to the beach.  There were a few lights in the distance, bright ones at the ends of the docks that led into the lake.  They had one too, just as bright.
Tony raked a hand through his hair, and yanked his shirt back on. He took a few deep, calming breaths, then opened the door. Morgan stood there, hair tousled, eyes big and dark. She’d stopped sucking her thumb when she was four, but it hovered around her mouth now, like it did any time she thought she might be in trouble. He brushed her hair back. His insides were in an uproar, the id-part screaming angrily, but he kept his tone sweet. “What’s up, peanut?” he said.
“Seriously, Pep, like a hundred bucks a day?  Just to put up with me?  I’ll even give you weekends and Wednesdays off.”
“Here I am.” He threw himself down on the bench, tossing his bag down on top of Steve’s backpack, and edged closer to Steve. Steve’s hands itched to latch onto him and drag him into his lap, itched to settle on his waist, or run restlessly through his hair, but he did none of those things. Tony had been a little more free with his affection while out in public lately, but mostly they were still playing the charade of “just friends”. And Steve still hated it. He kept doing it, though. And he’d keep doing it until Tony told him he could finally give it up and start living his life the way he wanted. The way
, Tony.  Every time I think of that, I-” he huffed out a tiny laugh, “-I want to fucking explode.  People don’t know.  They don’t know how much you do.  How much you’ve
Natasha came around the side of the car.  “I don’t care if he’s pissed.  Call him.  He’s been Steve’s doctor through all this.  He should know what’s going on with him.”
Steve closed his eyes and let out a contented sigh as he sunk further into Tony's side.  "Oh. Okay."
Tony tensed immediately in his arms. His head shot up, locking eyes with Steve. “What?” he said, and all traces of sleep were gone. Steve missed them. Missed sleepy, snuggly-Tony already.
She shook her head.  “He said no,” she said as if that said it all.  As if there was to be no argument about it.
What were the odds? That the two of them would end up in the same place, at the same time, after three years of not seeing each other at all? He guessed they could be calculated. He guessed. But he was certainly the wrong person to do it. Tony might be able to do it…
Steve stood up and gathered up his muffin. He wrapped it up in the napkin and tossed it into the trash. He tossed the dregs of his coffee in after it. He didn’t want it anymore. As he was walking away, Howard said his name. Steve turned back.
“How about you be super-nice and just forget I said that?  I try really hard not to remember the times I act like a dick.  That’s why my memory’s so spotty.”
“I had hoped I was misinformed about the nature of your...relationship to this fugitive, Mr. Stark,” Ross said.  “It appears I was not.”
She laughed again, and patted Dodger who had finally settled himself pressed against Steve with his head on his thigh, looking adoringly up at him. “We were down there for about an hour, and then I took Dodger out. When I came back, Tony was curled up in your bed, sound asleep.” She squeezed Steve again. “I just let him rest.”
Steve licked his lips. Tony was getting hard in his jeans, and seeing that tongue, that pink, silky tongue, knowing it had been on his own skin not twenty seconds ago, and knowing--
Okay, so i reworked this a little, and here is the result. Sorry I haven't updated for awhile, but my previous shambles became shamblier, and I lost my Wi-Fi so I haven't been able to get much done. Also, I wrote this on my phone.  I HATE doing that, so if the format is fucked up, or you spot any mistakes, please forgive them!
Steve looked between the two of them, his partner and his surrogate daughter.  The confusion was still there, and the pride, but now a steely resolve came to the fore, overlying the rest.
The kid stepped back. He was young and skinny, his red uniform shirt billowing around him. The ghost of adolescent acne on his cheeks flamed even as the color drained from them. “Come on, man,” he pleaded gruffly.
, let alone owned. He wondered how comfortable he’d be there. If he’d be able to relax enough to actually study in a place like that, or if he’d be too nervous about accidentally breaking something to think about history at all.
“He didn’t say he’d get fired,” he muttered, shifting uncomfortably, like a kid himself. “I should apologize.”
Instead of answering, Steve turned his attention to the door. He seated the key in the lock, and the door popped open at a turn of his wrist. He took Tony’s hand from his stomach and held it in his. He didn’t say anything. He just led him through the door, then once Tony was inside, reached past him to pull it closed.
might end up dead. Or worse, somebody else. A kid. A grandmother. The person standing beside you. Somebody. So that’s what you did. You
Steve smiled at him, looking both hopeful and unsure. Tony’s heart melted, and he kissed him again, much more thoroughly. “I love you, baby.”
But this, now.  This was something else, altogether.  Tony wasn’t sure what to expect.  And that was terrifying.
“No, I’m not,” Clint said. “He likes you.” He nudged Tony with his shoulder. “If you asked him out, he’d say yes. Guaranteed.”
Steve smiled.  Strange didn’t know it, but it was Tony’s favorite little half-smile.  The one that made him fall more in love every day.
Steve let out a long breath, kissed Tony's shoulder, kissed his neck, held him tight.  "Thank you, Tony," he sighed into his skin. "I needed that. Thank you."
happened. But he did. Just a cheap, thin little napkin from the coffee stand they stopped at. Worth maybe a third of a penny in actual cash-value, but to Steve, it was worth more than anything he owned. Except Dodger. Not that he really
“Hey,” he whispered, leaning down to kiss those red lips again. “Don’t worry, okay?” He peppered tiny kisses all over his mouth and jaw as he spoke. His hand drew soothing circles on the creamy skin of his side. “I’m going to make sure you get everything you want. Okay, Steve?”
He pushed him back and Tony fell onto the bed.  Steve was above him in a second, kissing him, his hands shoving Tony’s shirt up, lips leaving his mouth to suck bruises onto his shoulder, his collarbone, his chest.
Steve cuddled closer.  “Just another minute,” he mumbled.  He slipped his arm around Tony’s waist, trying to pull him closer.
Steve nodded, and rubbed the back of his neck. He was wearing the same suit he’d worn to Bucky and Nat’s wedding. It still fit him perfectly. He had bought a new tie to go with it, though. He didn’t think the blue was appropriate. Not for this.
“I couldn’t even kiss you,” Steve said. “I remember.” He breathed out, pressed his mouth to Tony’s shoulder and held it there. “It
At 1:05, Tony started to pace.  At 1:08, his thumbnail a bloody ruin, he started to get his phone out of his pocket, ready to call Fury, call Ross, call
Steve’s brow furrowed.  Tony’s favorite lines put in their appearance.  He wanted to kiss them so badly.  “Say something,” Steve said.  “Something only Tony knows.”
know. For sure. He’d thought of that face, that smile, that olive skin, those dark, dark eyes at least once a week--once a day--for the last six years.
Tony.  “I wouldn’t expect someone with your, ah, heritage to understand, sir, but the captain will surely--”
The moon was still in the window, but it was lower.  The shadows in the corners of the room were deeper, almost velvety in the remaining light.
She glanced back at their table. Tony’s half-eaten burger. Bruce’s stabbed-at salad. “Do you want a box?”
“Oh.”  Tony groaned and rubbed his eyes again with the back of the hand not holding the blanket closed around him.  “The Quinjet specs.  Fuck.  Yeah.”
Tony’s heart stopped. His breath stopped. For a moment, everything felt like it stopped. Including the world. It stopped spinning on its axis. Everything just stopped. “You mean like ever?” Tony asked, trying to keep the tremble out of his voice. “I thought this was temporary. A three-year thing? Just to pay for college?”
Steve shrugged, taking his wallet out of his pocket. He threw some cash on the bar. “Why not? Unless you don’t want to?”
wait.  He’d been jerking off to thoughts of Steve since they’d met, it wouldn’t be anything new to him, but soon, he wouldn’t have to.
The bulb over the sink in the kitchen was on so there was enough light for him to see. He could have found his way unerringly in the dark, but there were a few boxes sitting around the living room. Some were full and taped shut.
His shoulders fell as he looked down at the pad.  His phone tumbled into his lap and lay there, forgotten.  The pencil, too, was forgotten.  It hit the ground and rolled back under the couch.
Steve smiled.  It was sweet in the westering sun.  “Anything you want, Tony,” he whispered.  “Anything you want.”
Steve recoiled.  His face first slammed shut, then turned frightened.  He drew himself up, pulling into the corner, getting as far away from Tony as he possibly could.  His knees came toward his chest and his arms wrapped around them.  He dropped his head down onto them.  He rocked himself.
Tony sat back in his chair and ran a hand through his hair, his brilliant mind weighing his options. It wasn’t really the answer he’d expected, and he didn’t want to hurt Steve by just saying
“‘Cause they keep knocking him down, and he just keeps coming back.  Isn’t that what we do?  What we’re supposed to do, anyway?  Isn’t that the way God designed us?”
,” she scoffed. “The last thing the two of you need is ‘slow’. You need to jump in with both feet, you need to-” She stopped, and made a little squeaking sound. She clapped her hand back over her mouth.
He thought he'd read once that dusk was the lover's hour, but when he googled it, all that came up were some weird songs and a list of bars nearby that had a happy hour.  He supposed happy hour could be interpreted as a lover's hour. Depending on what you loved, anyway. He, himself, might once have made that connection, but not anymore.
“‘Kay,” Steve said simply, and sat back down on the sofa. There was a bottle there on the coffee table, and he splashed some into his glass, sipped it, then poured in a little more. “Do you want to sit down, at least?”
Natasha stayed with him.  “Don’t do this, Steve,” she said, and her eyes drifted to Ross sitting smug and righteous across the table.  “He’s a sadist.  He’ll do everything he can to break you.”
“You're not going to a hospital, Steve. I promise. Okay? You're with me. You're stuck with me.  I'm never going to give up on you,” he said, then laughed under his breath.  “Frankly, I’m a little offended.  Since when do I give up on something I want?  I mean, come on, you know me better than that.”
“My stuff’s still packed.  You can drop me at that place Doctor Strange set up, or I can get a cab or something.”
His eyes changed. Tony saw it happen. Saw the way they became more introspective. Almost guilty. When he came out of the water just enough to be able to speak without drowning, Tony heard the guilt in his voice too. “I was coming on too strong,” Steve said, barely above a whisper. “I can see that.
. Just thinking about it made his head spin. Thinking about all the years he had spent being lonely and sad. All the years where the only bright spot was a phone call from his mother or Sam, or those few fleeting moments he and Tony had stolen together. All the years he’d spent hiding his longing--his
“I will,” Tony assured him, running his fingers up and down his arm.  They only went so far.  His cast was in the way, still, but it was far enough to make Steve shiver.  Tony smiled, loving that.  “What do you do?”
“Strange thinks something happened to you before.  Thinks somebody was messing around up here,” he said, and tapped Steve’s pale forehead.  “We want to find out what happened, and we want to do it as quickly as possible.”  Tony tightened his grip on Steve, his thumb pressing into the top of his spine.  He looked up at Doctor Strange.  He nodded.  “It would be easier if Wanda…”
Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s chest, holding onto him for a moment, then said, “Get dressed.”
Steve opened his eyes, rubbed them, and sat up. He glanced at his clock and saw it was almost nine o’clock. And that meant his mom was probably home. And Tony wasn’t here in his bed with him. And there were voices coming from the dining room.
Wanda sat on Steve’s other side, then looked apologetically at Tony.  “You can’t touch,” she said.  “It will taint the images.”
Tony squeezed his wrist, rubbed the inner curve of his arm, trying to comfort him, but at the same time, waiting. Waiting for something, some unknown thing to come out of the charged air between them. He was afraid and exhilarated at the same time. He’d had that feeling before around Steve. But only around Steve. No one else had ever had the power to make him feel that way. He could count on three fingers the people who had ever had much power over him at all, and the fact that two of them shared his DNA--his father and his daughter--made the power Steve wielded seem all the more potent. All the more dangerous. All the more seductive.
Tony closed the car door and waved as his friend drove away, beeping his horn twice.  He watched until the car was gone and dust had begun to settle.  He’d loved seeing him, but now there seemed to be a Rhodey-sized hole in his heart.
Steve put his hands on Tony’s hips and pulled him flush against him. He bent until his forehead was pressed against Tony’s. “I’m not dumping you,” he said. “I’m telling you that’s why I’m so nervous around her.”
?” Tony muttered fondly, and rubbed his hand over his face. But he didn’t retreat. Not this time. He didn't want to, and he knew Steve didn't want him too. In spite of their current positions, he knew. He eased himself down until he was sitting on the edge. He took his shoes off and tossed them behind himself, then did the same with his socks. “I’m sorry about that, by the way,” he said, as he started to roll his pant-legs up so he could put his feet in the water. “The party? I tried to say it last night, but I mean it, Steve. I’m sorry.”
He knew he couldn’t avoid it forever. He knew what he was meant to do. Howard had always been very frank with what his expectations were, first with Maria, then with Tony after she died. And Tony didn’t mind. He really didn’t. He knew he would do well in the company--maybe even better than Howard--and he had already thought of improvements that could be made when he took over, but that didn’t mean he wanted to start
“Jesus fucking Christ,” he muttered, and Steve laughed, pulling out of his arms. He went back to the stove and stirred the stew. Tony looked at his phone.
And Tony felt like he was being hit by a train. Over and over again. Every car slamming into his body and brain, and every one saying,
Tony smiled a little. He couldn’t help it. He was keeping his guard up, but Carol wasn’t the only secret softie under this roof tonight. “Nah. Stark Industries’ brightest mind has her heart set on staying here, raising our daughter and running
worried. Wanda had called him on the way home and said Steve hadn't gotten in touch with her all week.  Every time she called him, it went to voicemail.  She was scared.  Was everything okay?  Tony didn't know what to say.  He lied and said everything was fine.  Of course, he's fine, sweetie, he's just fine.
“Stupid,” Steve spat. “I was so fucking stupid. What can I give you, Tony? Huh?” He pulled himself out of Tony’s arms with a jerk of his shoulders. “God, even with whatever I make in the army, it wouldn’t be enough. It wouldn’t be what you’re used to. It wouldn’t be what you
he thought. What would it hurt really, to sit here with him? Listen to whatever it was he had to say? In fact, he couldn’t deny that he felt a little curious. What could Howard Stark possibly have to say to him that he had not already said?
“Enjoying the party, kids?” Tony asked, and before either could even think of answering, he went on. “I only ask because you seemed very intent on ruining it before I decided to step in. Miss Potts is a patient woman, but she puts a lot of work into these things and would be annoyed if it was, you know, avenged, for lack of a better word.” He snapped his fingers. “Wait, just thought of one. Fucked up. Yeah, that’s more appropriate. Fucked up.”
Tony reached up and curled his fist into Steve’s blond hair.  “That sounds like very important information that I need to have.”  He tugged the golden strands a little.  “Tell me everything.”
“No,” he insisted, and slipped his arm around Pietro’s waist and pulled him closer. “There wasn’t anyone else. There wasn’t. I told you. I would never do that to you.”
“No, I don’t want you to throw it away, but I don’t want it to be the only thing you think about, either,” Pietro said, his voice rising. “Sometimes it feels like all you think about are the last ten years.”
Steve’s eyes flashed dangerously.  Almost all traces of blue were gone.  Now, in his fury, they were almost black.  “Yeah, that’s it,” he breathed, his voice cracked with malignant rage.  “I know they’ve got all these fancy names for it now--mental defect, mental illness, PTSD, whatever the fuck--but it all comes back to plain old crazy, doesn’t it?”  His breath was coming in short, choppy gasps, his mouth turned down in a bow, his hair, still damp from the shower, glistening in the lamp light.  “I’ve heard you all talking about me,” he spat.  “I should go ‘see someone’, I need to ‘talk to somebody’.”
Tony watched him crack eggs into a bowl and whisk them up.  He put butter into a pan and dumped the eggs in.  Rhodey’s hangover eggs.  Served with Tabasco, hot coffee, and a smile.  They’d eaten those a few hundred times over the years.  It still smelled as good as ever.
"Happy to do it," Tony said, and stretched in his chair.  He took another sip of coffee and watched out the window as Steve and Bobby lifted an armoire down from the truck.  "I'll bet you're glad they're moving in."
He felt an arm slide through his, and he tore his eyes away long enough to look down at Sarah. She smiled up at him, then looked into the living room. Sam and Wanda curled peacefully in the chair, Dodger snoozing on the floor, Steve and Morgan swapping crayons back and forth while Howard watched. Tony tipped his head against the doorjamb. He felt weak. Weak with love and happiness.
They walked hand-in-hand, making their way back to the apartment she shared with Bruce.  They saw a lot of black arm-bands.  A lot of flower-bedecked shrines.  A lot of prayer circles.  Most of the city was shut down.  The food vendors, restaurants, and convenience stores stayed open--the bills still needed to be paid--but most everywhere else was closed.  The Statue of Liberty, the 9/11 Memorial, and a lot of the other NYC sights had discounted their rates for the week.  Wall Street was shut down.  Broadway was dim.  In Times Square, the huge screens played a continual list of names of the returned, and a list of the dead on a loop.  Tony hadn’t seen Vision’s name on that one yet, although, he thought he’d seen Peter’s once on the list of the returned.  At least, he assumed it was their Peter.  There were a lot of Peter Parkers out there, though.  Maybe he wasn’t the only one in Queens.
And because his eyes had followed her across the room, because she was standing right next to Tony--at attention, like a soldier--Steve could put it off no longer.  “Hello, Tony,” he said.  His guts roiled inside his stomach, but his voice came out firm, in control.
She took him in her arms and held him against her, rubbing his back brusquely.  “How are you?” she asked.  “Really?”
Tony slid the last panel away, and plopped down on the couch.  “And after I’m done with Rhodey, I’ve got Sam’s Redwing to look at, and stuff for Nat, and upgrades for Peter.”  He looked up at Bruce, putting every ounce of Stark-charm into his smile.  “Point is, Bruce, I’m good.  I’m here.  I’m working.  I’m healthy...er, thanks to my angel, FRIDAY.”
Shuri was more than helpful, and Strange, for all his chilly bedside manner, had been like a dream, checking on Steve, running tests, even going so far as to smile and grab Steve’s toes in a gesture of solidarity before leaving for the night.  Tony, grudgingly impressed, shook his hand, and when he and Steve left for good, even pulled him into a rough bro-hug.  When they parted, their eyes locked.  They both nodded in an I’ll-allow-that-because-of-the-situation-but-let’s-never-do-it-again kind of way.  Steve had eyed them both, grimacing at the awkward exchange.  He shook Strange’s hand.  The look on the doctor’s face had been one of friendly relief.
“We’re a group--a family, really--of like-minded individuals interested in keeping the community clean and pure.”
Steve nodded against the pillows. “Yes,” he said, and shuddered as Tony opened his jeans and pulled them down his legs.
“Some...stuff. He was mad.” He sighed. His eyelashes fluttered against Tony’s skin. “Why does that keep happening to me, Tony? What am I doing wrong?”
Steve tipped his head so that it was now his forehead resting on his knees. Tony could have sworn he saw a smile on his lips, but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t want to make Steve self-conscious enough to stop.
They ate at Steve’s tiny kitchen table, passing roast beef and mashed potatoes back and forth between them. Steve piled green peas onto Tony’s plate and stared him down until he ate them. Tony whined a little, but he did it. He actually liked peas, but it was a lot more fun pretending he didn’t, and having Steve badger him into eating them. It made him feel warm. Cared for. Only he and Jarvis would be the wiser, and Tony was pretty sure J. would keep his secret. Christ knows he had kept plenty of bigger ones over the years.
Tony trailed off and glanced up at her.  Steve followed his gaze, his eyes softening as he took her in, but he did not speak.
Steve shook his head and slung his backpack over his shoulder. “It doesn’t have anything to do with Stark.”
it is,” Tony said, and popped the DVD in. When he turned back, he stopped, a flurry of emotions passing over his face in the space of a few seconds as he looked at Steve and Morgan on the couch. Steve met his eye, smiling a little, and lifted one shoulder in a shrug.
Tony reached over and turned off the lamp.  He was wearing a black t-shirt.  The reactor glowed mellowly, diffused by the fabric, but still there.  He closed his eyes, listening to the subtle shift of the linens as Steve settled himself beside him.  It was all familiar, all things he’d gotten used to while they slept in the living room together, but here in the bed, the sounds seemed louder, heightened by the fact that Steve was bare inches from him, covered over by the same quilt.  Here if he wanted to touch him, he’d only have to slide his hand along the smooth, unbroken line of the sheet.  There’d be no rough terrain, no sudden drop-off at the edge of the chair, no leap of faith to where the couch began.  Here, there was just the solid mattress, firm, but not too firm, cool sheets, then a warm body.  It would be so easy.
He looked down then, at where his mother’s hand lay in his. He didn’t cry. He’d done that while he was out. He ducked into an open convenience store, went into the bathroom, locked the door, and cried. He did it propped against the sink, rubbing his eyes with his fists like an overly-tired five-year-old, and when he was done, when the storm had passed, he washed his face and his hands, went back out into the store, bought a pack of gum, and went home. So, no, he didn’t cry, but his eyes were empty, his stomach tied in double-knots.
Steve dropped his head onto Tony’s shoulder.  “I’ll be right behind you,” he whispered, and then Tony was kissing him, and everything was better.  Everything was alright.
.  They became just one more couple going to the movies or sitting in the diner or bickering over which peanut butter to buy in the grocery store.  Just part of the small town scenery.
Steve pushed the gas pedal a little. He set the speedometer at 90.  He wanted to be there already. He wanted to be having this conversation in person.  He wanted to start to put this day away and not have to think about it again for a very long time.
“He had an-” Sam sighed in his ear. “I don’t want to say ‘episode’. It makes it sound like something out of a soap opera.”
Tony led him down the hallway.  He’d had to jostle past Clint or Bruce or Rocket to get down this hall once.  He and Nebula had held intricate conversations about her mad father right here outside Thor’s door while the god lounged in the doorway, sometimes removing his artificial eye and wiping it carelessly on his shirt before popping it back into place.
Steve slowed to a stop.  He was breathing a little heavier, but only a little.  He smiled.  Maybe it was the endorphins, but a sense of peace had been steadily filling him, brightening the dark places inside him, and he welcomed it with a whole heart, like he welcomed the sun each morning.
you?” Steve asked, his tone worried. They had stepped away from each other while they talked, but now he reached out to touch Tony’s fingers. “Are
he demanded, and then it was. Torn from his body, just like he’d wanted, one button flying across the room to ping against the closed window, the others hanging on, but not stopping Steve from stripping it away and dropping it like it was nothing but a scrap of fabric from an old dish towel. His undershirt went next, and then Steve’s hands were on him, moving over his chest, thumbing his nipples, digging into his sides, pulling him tight against Steve’s own bare chest while Steve finally tore his lips away to latch onto his neck, sucking on it, leaving an unmistakable mark in the shape of his mouth.
And that was the problem. Natasha had put her finger on it without even realizing it. He took her shoulders and turned her around so they were facing the dancefloor. Tony was there, the brightest spot in the room, the brightest spot in the galaxy, and Pepper was in his arms. She was smiling into his eyes, that tiny smile that someone in love can never suppress, even if they want to.
Nat would make sure of it.  And Rhodey.  And Bruce.  They’d make sure he was okay.  Make sure he kept going.  And then someday he’d meet someone else, and they could have a family.  A bunch of little Starks running around.  Tony could have his Brady Bunch Christmases then.  And maybe someday, when Tony was old, and tired, and ready to move on, maybe he’d find Steve again.  Maybe he’d find him on the other side of that barrier.  They’d promised.  Steve wouldn’t begrudge Tony a happy life, because they would be together again if Tony still wanted that.  Steve would wait for him.  Until Tony was ready.  He’d meet him on the path and if Tony was willing, they could go on to whatever lay beyond it together.
The corner of Tony’s mouth lifted slightly. “Thanks a lot. A back-handed compliment is better than none at all, I guess.”
a man on a mission. Because he was. In a way. He’d called it an ‘errand’ when talking to Sam, but in his head, it was a mission. Something he had to do. Something he’d been tasked with. An order from someone higher up than he. And he knew how to follow orders. He knew that if he knew nothing else.
“I don’t give a damn what Father Callahan has in mind,” she flared. “I’m your mother, and if I want to pray for your happiness, I’ll do it. Do you hear me?”
Steve shifted beneath him, giving off waves of discomfort. Tony wanted to say something to ease him, but he didn’t. He needed to know the answer.
He got to Bleecker street at ten a.m. and knocked on 177A at 10:20.  He spent the twenty minutes alternately meditating and screaming internally.  He didn’t want to do this.  He had to do this.  Fuck you, Stephen Strange.  I need you, Doctor.
“Don’t do that,” she said in a tone that was both gentle and firm. He loved that tone. Loved the way she sounded. Especially now. After all the hard times they’d gone through together, how he thought he was going to lose her, he loved it even more. Loved being able to just be near her and listen to her speak. “Don’t beat yourself up over that anymore. Pietro is a good man, but he isn’t
Steve looked at Tony’s face, almost daring him to wake up, then bit his lip and settled his hand over Tony’s.  His hand was larger and covered it almost completely.  Heat bloomed in the pocket of space where their palms did not quite touch and existed there like a tiny sun.  To Steve, it felt like it could warm a thousand galaxies on its own.  Tony’s fingers twitched and came to rest against the outer edge of Steve’s hand, the middle fingers touching the bandage he’d applied earlier, the pinky and index finger touching Steve’s skin.  It felt natural.  It felt like they belonged there,  like Tony’s hand had always been meant to hold his, like it had been made for no other purpose than to sit palm-to-palm and finger-to-finger with Steve’s.
Steve shifted closer to Tony and laid his head on his shoulder.  Tony rubbed his back in soft circles.  “Oh,” Steve said.  “That’s a little sad.”
Steve kicked his right shoe off, then leaned heavily on his cane to toe off the left.  He leaned the cane against the dresser and sat down.  The mattress gave under him, but not much.  It was firm, and he was lighter now.  He stripped his sweater off but kept his t-shirt on, and slid between the sheets, lying close to, but not touching Tony.
“I don’t think you have to say anything, Steve. I think you did exactly what she needed you to do. You listened.”
That usually did it, but the far away look in his eye made her angry.  Hurt her feelings too, probably, and he hated himself for that.  He was the one using her, after all.  Sure, she’d come with him on this luxury Mexican vacation, but she paid for some of their meals, swiping the check from his hand and passing over her credit card to the waitress.
Tony closed his eyes and ran a hand through his hair.  “The Accords,” he said.  “The fucking Accords.”
Steve took his hand out of his pocket and laced his fingers together with Tony’s. “How do you feel now?”
Tony didn’t try to catch his eye, but he did catch the blush on his cheeks.  Jokes bubbled up in his mind, but he pushed them all away.  “All yours, Cap,” he said, instead.
Sam shook his head. “‘Not really serious’, huh?” he asked. “You do know you’re not the only one who talks to Tony, right?”
She hummed a bit in his ear, and he could almost hear the churn of her thoughts. “Alright,” she said at last. “Come over. Two o’clock. You can help me with the laundry.”
Steve drew in a breath and tightened his own grip on Tony’s hand. “I want you to stay,” he said carefully. “I just don’t know how to ask without it sounding like I’m asking you to cheat on your wife.”
“Somewhere close, though.  I can’t go back into the city yet.  I-I don’t think it would be good for me.”
He looked up when the bathroom door opened, and his heart leapt into his throat.  Those butterflies were back in his stomach, doing their thing--SteveSteveSteveSteve.
Tony ran a frustrated hand through his hair. There was a bandage wrapped clumsily around it, a tiny bloom of blood just showing through the white. His hair stuck up in bed-head spikes. It wasn’t the first time he had run a hand through it since they got here. Nor would it be the last. “I can’t call him, Sam. I can’t.”
Tony kissed him, open-mouthed, hot, wet, tongue moving greedily, and Steve kissed him back with just as much passion, thrusting up against Tony’s knee.
The elevator started up again.  When it reached the common floor, Steve picked up his bag.  “Thanks again, Miss FRIDAY.”
Tony looked down into Steve’s face then nodded.  Steve took another shaky breath and Tony touched his cheek with a terrible tenderness.  Natasha stood and pulled Sam up with her.  Tony didn’t notice when they stepped away.  For him, they no longer existed.  His world had shrunk down to that little patch of grass, the hum of bees, the softness of Steve’s skin beneath the pads of his fingers.
Tony blinked and shook his shoulders a bit, visibly trying to get himself under some kind of control. He could hear/feel his heart pounding in his ears. Was that the sign of a heart attack? He thought it might be. It was the sign of
Tony did the same, that sense of pride still there.  Said fella met him at the door and Tony launched himself into his arms.  They made love then made dinner.  Every homecoming should be so sweet.
“And you’re supposed to be brave,”  Tony said softly.  “Aren’t you?  Isn’t that part of the whole super-soldier thing?  Bravery?”  He was teasing again, his voice said so, but underneath it, Steve sensed a deadly seriousness.  He’d seen this behavior before during missions, but to have it directed at him now when it was just the two of them alone in a room locked against any intruders took Steve’s breath away.  He was nervous, but he had never been more aware of his own physicality.  The fact that he was both bigger and stronger than Tony, the fact that he could do whatever he wanted to him, was very much on his mind, but Tony wanted control.  That was obvious.  Steve let him have it.  For the moment, at least, Steve let him have it.
Tony checked on him twice between the time Steve bedded down around midnight, and three a.m. when he finally drifted off to sleep himself.  Both times, Steve had been curled on his side, his back to the room, hugging a pillow to his chest.  He used to hug Tony like that when he slept, and it was all he could do to not crawl over him and into his arms.  They’d come together around him on their own, of course.  They always had, they would again, and he’d let them stay.  Would, in fact, turn to face Steve and put his own arms around him and hold on.  This “being apart” bullshit wasn’t working anymore.  Tony wanted him back.
“I’m counting on you,” he said, and squeezed Wanda’s hands.  His mouth quirked down in a disapproving but affectionate frown.  “You have to be the one in control, okay?
Steve nodded. “He said everything was okay.” His frown deepened. He swallowed. It seemed like a sign of weakness, but it happened before he could stop it. He knotted his hands together behind his back. He wanted to keep them out of sight. If they shook--which they undoubtedly would by the end of this conversation--that would be a sign of weakness too. He could at least control that. He had to. “But everything’s
There was a pause on the line.  It was a heavy one, then Jeff’s voice, concerned and calm.  “Is this about Steve?”
Steve eyed him hotly, making him squirm in his seat.  “It’s been a long time, Tony.  Since we were together.  For real.”
Instead, he’d just texted Nat and suggested a quiet night.  She’d texted back within two minutes.  An easy, “Sounds perfect.  What time?” and she and Bruce had shown up at seven with the duck in tow.
He didn’t turn when Tony came into the room, even though he had heard him.  Even without super-soldier hearing, a person could have heard even Tony’s barefoot approach.  It was midnight-silent.  Not even the street made much noise, not this high up, anyway.
The bedroom was right down the short hallway. Steve could feel the tension in his shoulders ramping up, felt himself catching his breath and holding it until he pushed the door open and saw him there--saw his home, his life, his entire world--lying on the bed. Then everything was better. Everything was easier. His shoulders relaxed. He could breathe again.
The dog never did show up. The gum got taken away by the hall monitor as soon as she saw it in Tony’s mouth--he barely even got to taste it. The picture at least
Steve nodded, blinking. Like he’d just awaken from a dream. Or an enchanted spell. He ran a flustered hand through his hair. “Yeah. He is.”
before we were gone?  Steve never said, and Nat was kind of closed-mouthed about it, like she knew, but didn’t really want to say, and frankly, the two of you were always either shooting daggers or ‘fuck me’ eyes at each other, so I could never really tell.”
Tony ducked his head, rubbing his temples with the fingers of one hand.  It was ridiculous, thinking like that.  He knew it.  Whatever answers there were to those questions meant nothing now.
Tony grabbed another beer from the fridge and sat down in his chair, letting his mind wander.  He hadn’t drunk much since they’d been here.  Just a glass of wine sometimes with dinner, a beer here or there, and this second one felt like an indulgence.  It was funny to think that there had been a time in his life when he'd had his first one at noon, been drunk by three, and high as a kite by eight.  Sipping this one now, he was glad those days were gone, but, he reflected, they'd had one advantage--everything had been a hell of a lot simpler then.
A comfortable silence stretched out between them.  A hundred questions flashed through his mind--where had she been?  When did she get back?  How long was she staying?--but none of them really mattered.  All that mattered was that she was here now.  The sounds of the city reached his ears, but it was far away, unimportant next to the sound of her easy respiration.  He nuzzled the crook of her neck, smelling her skin, taking comfort in her mere presence.
Tony’s cock jumped in his jeans. “Again,” he croaked, almost not even aware he had spoken. “Baby. Do that again. Please.”
“Nothing,” Tony answered.  He was holding a pair of pliers and was using them to hold a piece of metal.  It looked like steel.  Not as strong as vibranium, but strong enough.  A blowtorch sat next to his right hand.  “Just you.  You know, in general.”
There was nothing for awhile, and Tony had begun to drift off when Steve’s voice said, “‘Night, Tony.”
“Like heaven.”  He kissed Tony’s ear.  His neck.  His shoulder.  “Is it okay?” he asked.  “Is it...enough?”
“Yes.” She squeezed his hand and looked past his shoulder to where Tony was flipping pages idly. “You were right, having him stay. I’m proud of you for that, but next time--if there is a next time--call me and tell me what’s happening. I don’t care what time it is. Or what I’m doing. Or what
Steve ran his tongue along the soft skin of Tony’s stomach. He worked the button of his jeans with knowing, familiar fingers. Tony arched into his touch, his breath panting in and out of his lungs as Steve took him into his mouth.
She laid her hand against his cheek, doing it so her thumb was over his lips, silencing them.  “It’s alright,” she said.  “I came to help you.”
mummies at the museum. And I’ll even take you down to the dinosaur rooms if you want. I know you love dinosaurs, Sam. Everybody loves dinosaurs.”
Tony nodded again but this time, he lifted his head. He cupped the back of Steve’s neck, and brought their mouths together in a gentle, lingering kiss. “Okay,” he agreed.
“Shh, sweetheart,” Sarah said, holding him while he cried into her shoulder. “Shh. It’s okay. It’s okay, everything’s okay.”
He drew his clothes back on in the gloom and limped out the door.  His cane was leaning next to the bed.  He reached for it, then opened the third drawer instead.  There was paper in there, sharpened pencils.  He’d always kept them next to the bed.
He was wearing a leather jacket, jeans, and a gray henley. And glasses. And when he got close enough, Steve could smell that same old cologne, the same one that had either kept him awake nights thinking about it while lying on his bunk in Afghanistan, or sent him off to sweet dreams while he lay in Pietro’s arms. The same one he’d thought about for years. Remembered.
.” He scrubbed a hand over his face, then turned a furious eye back at Steve. “And just in case you didn’t realize it, I
But it was really none of his business one way or the other. He had other things he had to think about.
“Of course I remember,” Steve said. “And yeah, I was telling the truth. But did you listen to anything I said just now? I can’t get close to anybody. Not even you. Especially not you. It’s just not something I can do. I don't have it in me right now.”
Steve looked at him with dark eyes. "That's the way it feels to me too," he said, then frowned. "But I don't want you to think I'm taking advantage. I don't want you to feel like I'm using you. I'm not, Tony, I-"
you do,” Tony said. “Pretty sure Mom is sick of me moping around the house by now. She’s not saying it, but she gave me a look this morning that said it all.”
Steve frowned. “Tony?” he said, sudden worry coloring his voice. “I’m sorry. Did I read the signals wrong again?”
He didn’t say what they were both thinking because he didn’t have to.  It was as clear in Tony’s voice as it was in his own head.  If they’d been together before, this would not have happened.  He shouldered that responsibility and he was sure Tony felt it, too.  Because he owned part of it.  Neither of them was blameless here, and they both knew it.  But Steve didn’t want to think about that anymore.  He’d thought about it for months,
humor, it would have been fine. They all joked around a lot. But no. This was different. This felt like something more. Not just humor, but humor laced with a razor edge of intent. Like he was flirting.
“There wasn’t really one moment.  He’s saved my ass a hundred times.  I’ve saved his.  We’ve been together for so long.  I’ve just always known.”
Steve lost the frown but he kept the curiosity. He wasn’t worried. He didn’t really care if Howard was upset or angry. He hadn’t
We're nearing the end here, but not quite yet. I know i keep saying this, but I'm not 100% sure where we're going, so we'll be surprised together. I am sorry to say I don't think we've seen the last of everyone's favorite just yet...dun dun DUUN! But he won't be around for long. I promise!
“Nat,” he said, and glanced at the bathroom door. The water was still pounding against the tile. He still had some time. “Hey. Umm. Can I come around to your place tomorrow afternoon?”
… “How ‘bout the aquarium?” he asked, spying a coffee cup sitting in the dish drainer. They’d given it to him when he’d signed his membership form last year.
She shook her head.  “You might feel things again.  The way you felt them before,” Wanda said.  “I don’t know if it will hurt.  I’ll try to absorb it.”
Steve released him, and then it was Wanda’s turn to hug him and receive his kisses.  Tony stood back, watching as Steve whispered something to her.  The room was small, but Tony couldn’t hear what passed between them.  It was okay.  He didn’t need to.
Steve took in a deep breath, then let it out as Tony’s mouth traveled over his throat. “Tony,” he said, and his voice was a husky whisper. “Come with me.”
“The Maximoff girl used her ‘powers’ to get inside their heads against their will.  That’s assault.”
He was a little embarrassed to think of it now sitting here in Ross’ bedroom where his wife lay down her head at night, but he was curious.  And angry, too.
One year in prison.  One year alone.  One year without seeing anyone he loved.  One year with only Thaddeus Ross and two guards for company.  At least he’d have Doctor Strange once a month.
“Yes,” Steve whimpered.  “Yes.  He’d been developing a drug.  Ross knew about it.  He might have bankrolled it.  I don’t know all that part.  But, he administered it during our sessions.  He--Tony, please keep going.  Please.  I need it.  I need you, Tony, please.”
Or, rather, they needed the serum that ran through him.  He was just a vessel, a containment unit for the thing they actually needed.  They needed the monster Erskine and Howard had brewed in their lab.  Steve Rogers, Brooklyn-boy, born and raised, just came along for the ride.
“Furry little bastard,” Tony muttered.  “I should just use the gauntlet.  Half a second is all it would take.”
“Fine,” Tony said, and reached for the phone. “Fine. But I’m taking half the bail out of your paycheck.”
“Sorry about that.”  He tapped the reactor.  “It’s this.  They were worried about it, I guess.  I mean, it’s not like everyone and their goddamn dog doesn’t know I have it, and I
Bruce put his hand on Steve’s shoulder.  “Steve,” saying his name in an even tone, repeating it.  Repetition was good.  Relaxing.  “Steve, let’s go inside.  Cool down, alright?”
“All day. And you can think about me a little bit too, okay? Right before bed, maybe? Then that way we won’t miss each other too much. Sound good?”
The restaurant was small. Bruce felt more comfortable in small places. Tony wasn’t sure why. He thought if
“It was...offensive.”  He chewed his nail again, worrying the ragged edge between his teeth.  “I felt bad.  Sam and Wanda were trying so hard to cheer me up, and I pretended it was okay, that I was happy, and I
Steve drug his hand back down Tony’s back and settled it on his hip, his fingers rubbing softly.  “I’m sorry.”
I'm trying to get this finished as fast as possible.  Hopefully, I will have the next chapter up tomorrow.  Proofing it now, but it's a hurried proof.  Forgive any mistakes.  No matter how long I live, punctuation will always be the bane of my existence.  It's a love/hate thing.  I heard a story once about Ernest Hemingway (I think it was Hemingway) going to get a drink at the end of the day.  The guy at the counter asks him what he's been doing all day.  Hemingway said he'd been working.  On what? the guy asks, and Hemingway says he was trying to figure out whether or not to leave a comma in place.  All day.  I feel you, bro.
The door to the garage opened.  The sheriff stood there framed in the sun, a dark cut-out against the bright winter morning.  “Steven Rogers?”
Strange shook his head.  “Not anymore, you’re not.  I’ll pay for his treatment myself if it means you can’t hold it over our heads.  Or his.”
told him six-thirty. Had told him there was no rush. It wasn’t Steve’s fault Tony was so anxious to see him. Well, it
“Steve,” Tony pleaded.  “Hey, come on, open your eyes and look at me, ‘kay?  I am not Johann Schmidt.  He’s gone.  Far away, remember?  Nebula told us he was on some other
He awoke later to a soft warmth covering him and the menthol scent of Steve’s aftershave. Good, old Skin Bracer.  Tony didn’t know what he’d do if they ever stopped making it.  Buy out the company, he supposed.  Force them to continue manufacturing it.  Or maybe just buy Steve cases and cases of the stuff.  Enough to last him through this lifetime and well into the next.  Would Steve still smell the same in that next life?  Tony didn’t know.  He wondered if God would accept a bribe so that menthol fragrance could live near him for all of forever.
Tony nodded. His mouth was still right there. Neither moved away. They just breathed together, lips brushing together as they spoke. “She loved it.”
I feel about it,” he said. “It’s exciting. And scary. And...I don’t know.” He reached up and cupped the back of Steve’s neck. “All I know is that you can’t stop. Ever, okay? This is-” his eyes strayed to the canvas again, “-this is not something you keep to yourself, Steve.”
Tony stood at the window, the whole of New York at his feet.  Snow fell in great, huge, cartoon-style flakes, covering everything in a blanket of white.
It had been raining when Steve woke up ten minutes before his alarm, just like always. Raining when he rolled onto his side and looked toward the window, listening to the patter of drops hitting the glass. Raining when he fit his body around Tony’s. Raining when he decided to just forget his run this morning and stay curled up in bed for a couple more hours.
“Good,” Tony said. “You’re so good.” And then his mouth was on Steve’s cock, and even those two little words were lost to him.
Tony stopped in front of the hearth and swiped his lighter from the mantle.  A cheery fire crackled away, and he blinked at it in wonder before tossing another log onto it.  “You got it started,” he said.  “You really are a boy scout.”
Tony cocked his head. The solemnity was still there in his eyes, simmering with something else. Something greedy and hot. Steve could almost feel it. Feel it washing over him like tangible, physical need. “What are you saying?”
Tony nodded his head. “That might be true,” he said. His fingers slipped up through Steve’s hair, relishing that silky texture. “I don’t like seeing you upset. Sue me.”
He climbed the stairs, just like he’d done last night. He loosened his tie. He’d done that last night too. Last night, he’d gone to bed alone. Hopeful, but alone. He hoped that wouldn’t be the same.
“But nothing,” Tony said.  He put his hand on Natasha’s shoulder and jabbed a finger at Steve.  “Tell him to let her do it.  Use your Jedi mind tricks, Vulcan brain...crushing...thing you do and make. Him. Do it.”
Steve squeezed his hip and smiled a little. “Tony, that guy never left. He’s been hanging around ever since I met you.” Tony winced, and Steve laughed a little. “And I’m glad he’s still hanging around. I kind of like him. He might be a little cocky sometimes, but he’s also really smart, and confident, and cool.” He shrugged. “I don't want you to get rid of him.”
He finally did call him. He had to. He knew it would just be worse if he didn’t. Steve half-hoped Tony wouldn’t answer and he could just leave a message, but of course that didn’t happen. Of course his attentive, loving, meticulous man would never let Steve’s call go unanswered. Of course he would answer on the first ring.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, looking at the ground. “I didn’t think you’d be here. I was just leaving you a message.”
“Shut up, Tony," Steve said, taking the book back.  But he was happy.  That little half-smile--oh yeah, Tony’s number one favorite thing, alright--was on his lips, shy and pleased.
Damn he needed a cold shower to get his head straight again. He walked into the bathroom, this time without any interruption and got into the shower. Normally he would enjoy this way more to have a shower to himself for ones without worrying that another person would walk in but his head was just full of confusing thought ́s about his mom and Tony. omg god his mom was sleeping with a guy who he mastubated to! How sick was that? Oh god how was he gonna look his mom in the eyes?
First thing Steve wanted to do is shout to let his mom know he was home but then he remembered she might be sleeping and forgot to turn the lights off.
“But not that you would be in Brooklyn or why.” Steve wanted to push now he wanted Tony to sweat and tell him the truth about what he was doing the night before.
“First of all I don't call her everyday, I call her on a regular basis, she likes to know how I'm doing. My mom is home alone now and I worry she is lonely. So what's so bad about that I call her a lot?”,Steve asked: “We're close what's wrong about that, guys?”
When Bucky walked by Steve was already bleeding out of his nose but as Steve would recall everytime Bucky would tell this story so were two of the bullys.
He once told Steve that he loved when a person could wrap their legs around Bucky's head while Bucky...yeah.
Out of his mother's room walked a man with brown  curly hair he looked to be very small especially if he would stand right next to Steve. It was hard to make out his facial features because the man was still turned towards the inside of the room.
He had to attend new classes, he was on the football team, where he had to bring good results and he found a bunch of friends he hung out with.
His mom normally gave the coins she had in her purse or a dollar bill, this man though who always sat close to them would look at them when he made a big gesture while putting a twenty dollar bill into the basket, they were passing around.
She read all those sleep studies that said how electronics disturbs the sleep so she strictly keep them out of her bedroom.
When Steve parked the car he got excited to see his mom again and realized how much he missed her. He locked his car, took his bag and walked in the door.
Sam smirked: “You're such a Mama's boy Cap. I mean in a good way. You and your mum are close but don't you call like almost every day?”
First Bucky and Steve were disappointed that they couldn't live together “anymore” but Steve had the feeling that Bucky had gotten over his sadness the moment he laid eyes on his new roommate.
Even though she might be awake he didn’t want to startle her by just screaming through the whole house.
Sam Wilson was one of the first people he met when he finally got to college because he was Bucky's roommate.
In a way Clint was as secretive and mysterious about his life as Natasha they had just different hiding techniques.
It was just a short drive up to the house Steve used to life in making him wonder why he does not visit her more often.
So to this day Steve still couldn’t make up his mind if this guy was just an arrogant prick that wants to make people feel bad for not having the same money as he has or if he was an arrogant prick who was showing off his wealth to impress women, in this case Steve's mother.
Well maybe Tony didn't even know that this was Steve's mom. No that can't be true Tony always knew everything he probably even planned this. He knew Steve wanted to go home this weekend. Did the boy want to hurt Steve, to make fun of him or worse make fun of his mother? ...His mother! How could she do such a thing to him? First of how could she even sleep with a person that was the same age as him and second with Steves roommate. But would his mother do this? This whole thing was just really confusing to him. I mean who wouldn’t be confused about their roommate and mother having an affair.
When Steve and his mom went to church when he was little there was always this guy Steve still couldn't decide if he wanted to impress his mom or make her feel bad.
She hated her powers, however. Professor Xavier always told her it was a gift; a gift to be able to gain access of any other mutants’ powers and other people’s memories through physical contact but at what cost? To cause the individual to be in excruciating pain. It was a curse so when she met Tony Stark Rogers and Steve Rogers – who claimed to be her parents and she believed them on the account of a connection she felt with Tony – she wasn’t sure if she should hug them.
“My ex just moved out here with our daughter. She knows what I do for a living. Says she doesn’t want that stuff around Ellie. But I followed them here anyways.” That added hurt to injury. Not only was he a little sexually frustrated, jealousy was now coming to claim him. Why was he anyways? Wade would never be an option.
Harley’s door was unlocked, which was odd but he let that slide. “Harls,” Steve began before he got an eyeful of a half-naked Lila Barton. She was struggling to wrap the sheet around her leaving a still sleeping Harley completely naked. The commotion woke him up and he grabbed a pillow to cover himself when he saw his father. He realized that someone hadn’t locked the door behind them last night.
The laughter ceased however when Pietro Maximoff walked into the room with Cassie on his arm. Scott wasn’t the happiest about this relationship given the age difference, but Pietro had a good heart and Cassie was a sensible girl – young woman, now 18. Both legal adults, they knew what they were doing. Scott just didn’t like losing his little peanut.
Morgan grew self-conscious. “Mom you’re not serious, are you?” She always thought she was the good child. All she did was have sex…and get pregnant… Surely that alone couldn’t have permanently soiled her reputation.
Maria sighed. That was typical Tony behavior. He was always acting way too grown up. She warned him, he’d be attracting unwanted attention. What she didn’t know however, was that was exactly what he wanted. Oh how she wanted to preserve Tony’s innocence.
Caffrey spoke out then. “Objection your honor! My client has never been on any form of drugs. This is purely all fabrication.”
Thor and Bruce were off by the Christmas tree, drink in their hands. He had only a moment ago announced that he and Sif were having another child. Asgard would gain a Prince from their King and Queen and to say Thor was excited was an understatement. He loved his first born. He loved his daughter more than he had ever loved anyone but the joy that came with having a son for a man was undeniable. And while deep in his thoughts, spotted his wife and daughter across the room. Valkyrie was close by. Thor knew he was the luckiest man alive.
“That’s good to hear.” Sif responded, before her mind wondered off to other things. “Do you think it will be a good ceremony?” She kept her eyes on the people at work below her. “This will be the first wedding in Asgard’s history that welcomes outsiders.”
“Maybe a little,” Tony responded. He didn’t think he would ever be able to get over that fact that his ex-husband also shared the same name even if it was spelled differently. It was like dating Steve all over again.
“Same ole, same ole.” He was disappearing into the en suite. “Actually, I met a weird guy at the bar today.”
.” He countered. What place did he have sleeping with a Princess? She should be saving herself for her future husband.
“Why isn’t he waking up?” Steve wondered. It wasn’t making sense. The doctors had gotten the bullet out. Tony was perfectly fine according to their analysis but for whatever reason, Tony wouldn’t wake up. He’d slipped into a comatose state.
“Love you too.” Peter mumbled, staring at the closed door a little confused until he put two and two together. He got down to the garage and realized that his father’s car was still parked outside from the day before. He decided to send a text to his group chat with his siblings. After which he pulled out of the driveway and off to school.
“But I’m still right.” She insisted. Pepper wouldn’t know if there was any truth to that. She’d have to wait for something to come up like everyone else.
The doctors took the baby and got him fully cleaned off, weighed him, measured him and did all the necessary things. Bucky even cut the umbilical cord. It was so messy, so chaotic in that delivery room but the most beautiful moment in Steve’s entire life. Nicky was here, he was happy, and he was perfect. And he survived a shit pregnancy. Steve never really knew how greatly he loved this little life until he had him in his arms. Words couldn’t describe a mother’s love.
A knock on his front door drew Steve out of his thoughts. Today, Steve dressed in grey sweatpants and a white tank top. His hair was a dirty blonde – almost brown, the roots fully brown and he had a full beard.
“Alright” He said firmly. “I’ll find someone else to give my virginity to.” And he exited Wade’s kitchen to take a seat on his couch. Wade sighed and ceased his meal prep completely to follow after him.
T’challa then placed his hand on Bucky’s shoulder leading them inside the palace. The Dora Milaje followed, leaving Sam to gawk at the closeness the King and his husband shared. He didn’t like it.
Besides Steve’s apartment, Tony wasn’t oblivious to Steve’s new hair colour and facial hair. He couldn’t resist poking fun at him. “What’s going on with your hair?” He paused, pushing the hair back out of Steve’s face. “And here I thought you were a natural blonde.”
As some of you may know, I lost a lot of work which is why this chapter took forever to be uploaded. Had to rewrite a couple chapters (in advance) and it was honestly so much harder than writing from scratch.
“It’s just Stark, Wade.” Not legally, Tony might add but that was a discussion for another time. Wade apologized not meeting Tony’s eyes. “Peter’s dad wants to meet you.”
Lila let out a nervous laughter as the other three women stared at her. “I would – I would never.” She stuttered. “I’m not being bitter.”
Anna chuckled as Remy took back his hand and was actively nursing it back to its original state by clenching and unclenching his fist. “Dad, please.” She tilted her head to the side, smiling cheekily at him. “He’s here to stay.”
“It was keeping her in check, ‘chere. But I just told her to fess up or I’d tell myself.” He scooped her up and sat her down on his lap, so they were facing each other.
Tony thanked her and their conversation progressed into talk of her life in her new home, following her move the day after graduation – only a week ago. Amid all that Morgan also managed to send a text in her group chat with her siblings.
“Or maybe she has something to do with Hammer’s death.” Morgan spoke as she recalled a conversation she had had with Anna in the past.
When they resume, Steve takes the stand. Caffery and Tate go back and forth trying to turn the case into their favors and its making Steve lose his mind. He just wants his baby back.
“Well first of all, he’s a mutant.” Pepper informed her. She knew what Carol would ask next. Had she known he was a mutant from before? “No. I didn’t know he was a mutant. That wasn’t on his file.”
“You guys have been hanging out a lot.” Rhodey noted. He wasn’t bothered by that. They both had friends they spent a lot of time with. But between his job, her still being a superhero and finding time for everyone else, they barely had time for each other these days. And the fact that she had become so close with Valkyrie in such a short span of time had Rhodey feeling a little bamboozled.
“I apologize, Stark.” He responded, sincerely. “But this matter is of utmost importance.” Thor looked down at his daughter when she stood before him; her expression an unsettling one.
“Baby. It doesn’t matter. That shouldn’t have happened.” Laura added. She saw Natasha approaching them.
“Mhm. I’m sure she’ll be back soon. You know Carol, she likes to blow off steam first.” Pepper reminded him.
Everyone was always left to believe that the woman in question was a stranger; a one-night stand. Not someone they knew. Not someone they called family. Not Aunt Nat.
month and what changes he could expect. But otherwise, everything was looking good and the baby was healthy and happy, with all that movement he was doing. And Steve was glad to know, the baby was okay, following that horrendous fall in the lake a few weeks ago. He didn’t mention that to the doctor though. Definitely not.
“I love you so much more.” Tony finally responded, caressing Steve’s back as he struggled to catch his breath in the crook of Tony’s neck.
So, Steve was fixing himself a plate and putting the red velvet cupcake on a separate plate for Winter when, as fate would have it, Strange sauntered up towards the table.
