He felt out for the handcuff key and struggled to kind the key hole. His wrists were starting to cramp. He managed to stick the key into the hole and turn until the cuffs gave way. With his left hand free, he pulled his other hand away and released himself. He stuck the key between his teeth and turned on his knees to feel for the razor blade. He cut himself free of the duct tape around his ankles. He slipped his shoe back on, keeping the Bobby pin out and slipping the other two objects into his pocket, wrapped back up carelessly in the duct tape. Dean crawled forward, keeping his hands far in front of him until he felt the first step. He climbed up easily, silently, until he found the door, wood under his fingers. He closed his eyes, focusing on the feel and sound as he twisted the Bobby pin and stuck it into the lock. He listened intently, his mouth twisting up as he concentrated, twisting and shifting until he heard the lock click. He very slowly twisted the knob and pushed. A very dim light filtered in, the source a little bulb in the center of a hallway. Dean walked forward slowly, closing the basement door behind him. He followed the hallway down, only an arms length wide and about ten feet from the basement door to the second door. Dean repeated the process of picking the lock and very slowly opening the door. A brighter light filtered in, very light neutral tones filling this hallway.
"It was an accident!" Dean relaxed in his chair a bit as they fell into an easy rotation of banter and light conversation. Meg took the stage twenty minutes into their arrival and began talking about tonight's purpose. She was raising money for the local LGBTQIA community, specifically geared towards mental health resources. She looked very passionate as she spoke, and Dean clapped when she finished. There were a number of people lined up to speak, half advocates and the other half teens from the community itself.
"Yeah, you really can't huh?" He laughs a bit deliriously, "It's not your fault, I don't let you. You're not doing anything wrong, Lisa, it's me. It's my fucked up brain and my fucking itchy skin," he scratches at his arms like that is proving his point, but Lisa is still staring at him with confusion in her eyes. Dean sighs, dropping down onto the couch.
They go to court two months later, on a rainy tuesday afternoon. Jack wears a button up that Castiel had ironed with trembling hands. Kayla shows up with her mother, who had actually been very adamant that she had no knowledge of Jack's existence and wanted to be present in his life. She was very reassuring from the beginning that she wouldn't dare fight them for custody because of what good parents they seem to be.
That night, Dean came with three fingers buried in his ass and Castiel's voice guiding his every move through the phone.
"Hm, we'll have to fix that gag reflex," he said offhandedly before he was drawing his hips back and fucking into Dean with deep, measured thrusts. Dean's mouth fell open around Castiel's fingers, a silent moan blocking his throat as Cas fucked him. One hand stayed on Dean's hip, drawing him down every time he snapped his hips up. His fingers slipped from Dean's mouth, leaving a wet trail of saliva down his chest and belly until both of hands settled around his waist.
"My dad was a paranoid ex CIA agent, bitch," Dean panted. Meg sneered at him as she spit blood onto his floor. "Get the fuck out of my house before
"You look so pretty like this," she said, tilting her head down. "On your knees for me, waiting for me to tell you what to do. What is your color, honey?"
"Let's not think about it, okay? Come on, lets go take Jack out for breakfast before he has to go," Dean leaned in to kiss Castiel's lip, lingering for a few seconds before pulling away.
Typically, high school bad boys are those who disrespect teachers and have no care for their grades, maybe they hook up with everyone's girlfriend and disobey their parents, they might steal or throw massive parties, but Castiel was not that kind of bad boy.
"Did they make you cum or did you use them to make yourself cum?" Castiel questioned, his thumb running down along Dean's cheek to just behind his balls, applying little pressure as his tongue paused. Dean breathed out impatiently, his hips pressing back on their own accord.
Castiel pulled out slowly but Dean still whined when he slipped all the way out. He gripped the boys thighs and spread them apart when he tried to close them. Castiel leaned down and licked Dean's release from his stomach as he pressed two fingers into him. Dean gasped, his thighs instinctively trying to close. Castiel kept them open with his shoulders, licking up his belly as he pumped his fingers in and out leisurely, the slide smooth with cum and lube.
"No way, I'm not sharing," Castiel chuckled, leaning her head back as Dean kissed along her jaw. "Fuck, where the hell are you?" Cas asked as Dean grinded down against her, her still sensitive clit brushing against his bulge, still covered by his boxers.
"Char," Dean sighed, pressing himself against the wall with a shaky inhale. "No ones hurting me, I promise," he shook his head, giving her a reassuring nod when she eyed him skeptically.
"On your knees," she demanded softly. Dean went with a little whimper, his hands settling instinctively on his thighs, his head tilted back so he was staring up at her. There was a glaze over his eyes, slightly watery and a little bleary, his head never feels clearer than in these moments. She stepped close to him, her feet between his legs, her stomach just an inch or so away from his face. He breathed heavy, anticipation crawling up his spine. She threaded her fingers in his hair, brushing gently from his forehead back through all of the strands, settling to cup the back of his head.
"Spank me." It throws him off, it makes his head reel. She's still bouncing on him, her nails painful on his skin as she repeats herself. Dean closes his eyes as his stomach drops. He swats her ass once and she gasps, a wide, pleased smile taking over her lips. "Harder." He does. He spanks her a handful of times before she's screaming and losing rhythm. She scrambles and her legs shake and she gasps before slumping forward.
"What the hell are you looking at? Dean, are you okay?" Charlie asked, looking over her shoulder to try and figure out where his eyes were going. She couldn't, because Dean was looking everywhere.
"Come on me, miss," he whispered, driving his hips up again. "Come on me, please. I want it so bad," she cursed as she came, squeezing his sensitive cock, her thighs shaking.
"I'd take you to my place but it's crowded, is your place empty?" Castiel asked patiently as he pulled away with a screech from Lisa's house.
"Don't make me cum, I'm not done with you," Castiel pulled Dean's hand off of him and silenced his whine with a look. "Mouth," he said. Dean wrapped his lips around the tip of Cas' cock and swirled his tongue as Castiel's hand went back into his hair. He pushed Dean down until he knew he was about to reach his throat, then he stopped.
"Oh, baby, I'm so sorry. Never again, pet." He cupped either side of Dean's head and slowly grinded forward. A tear fell from Dean's eyes, he's not sure if it is was from the pressure or the emotion, but he doesn't try to wipe it away. He brings his hands up to Cas' hips, fingernails digging into the flesh of his ass, encouraging him to push forward.
When they were out of sight, Cas shuts and locks the door with a content sigh. She turned slowly, her head tilting at the little excited gleam in Dean's eyes.
"Bad, bad idea," he groaned, throwing his head back and debating on when would be the appropriate time to give up and go to bed.
"Such a pretty thing Anna is, got us out of so much. Do you know how much you can get away with a pretty girl by your side. So quiet too, never complains. And those moans," Chuck shook his head. Dean's lips twisted up into a grimace, his stomach churning.
"What's up, I haven't seen you much since the event. You doing okay?" He asked, leaning against the table as Dean fiddled uselessly with the patties on the tray.
"I think so," Dean nodded stiffly. Cas hesitated at his side, gently touching his lower back before leaving him and Jack alone in the living room.
Dean pulled his phone from his pocket and dialed Cas' number. He held the phone between his ear and his shoulder as he plucked a bag of kettle corn from the pantry. The ringing of the line drilled into his ear, over and over again until Cas' voice came through, "
"Um, nothing. Sorry, what were we talking about?" Dean shook his head, rubbing his hand over his face. His temples were starting to throb.
"I'm ready, daddy," Jack said, bouncing into the kitchen with his backpack full of toys and his shoes on the wrong feet. He looked towards Castiel and opened his mouth hesitantly. "Are you coming with us, papa?" He asked, shoulders tensed.
"Everything feels so much better when you're loose and so desperate for it that you'll just take whatever is given to you," his voice was like hot, raw honey dripping perfectly from an experienced tongue onto Dean's willing ears. Dean swallowed hard, dropping his forehead onto his forearm as Castiel teased at the waistband of his underwear.
"You are killing this whole tummy time thing, dude, absolutely shredding it. Look at me, look at daddy," Dean smiled, tilting his head as Jack tried looking up. He smiled when he saw Dean, his knees wriggling like he was trying to go for Dean.
"Alright, sweetheart, I hear you," she shushes him gently as she guides him over to the couch. "You sit and I'll be right back." He wants to whine and refuse, but most of all, he wants to be good. He sits down on her sofa, plush beneath him, and relaxed against it as best he can while she leaves the room. His stomach jumps like it wants to follow her, but he sits still. She is only gone for less than a minute before she is walking back into the room with a familiar looking weighted blanket. She set it on the couch, moved one of the pillows onto the floor, and gestured him down.
Dean cursed as he gripped her hips and flipped them over, her back bouncing against the mattress. She moaned, wrapping her legs around Dean's waist, grinding up every time he thrusted into her. Dean leaned his elbows on the bed, burying his fingers in her hair as he rocked his hips hard. Cas unwrapped her legs from around his waist, pressing her feet against the bed so she could thrust her hips up. Dean breathed shakily into her neck, moaning against her skin. She cupped his cheek and guided his lips to hers, her other hand sliding down between their bodies to rub circles on her clit.
"Cas," saying her name sends a warm thrill through his gut. "I'm really trying not to want you but It's getting really hard. I need you to tell me if you want me to leave or you don't want me too, because if you don't, I'll figure something out. I just can't keep pretending that I don't need you, that I don't miss you. I'll understand if it's been too long, or if you have someone else, I just have to try or I think I'll explode," he's rambling and he can't stop, the jitter is back in his bones.
"When I was nine years old, I asked my dad, Castiel, why I didn't have a mother like some of my other friends had. He explained to me that when I was a baby, my mother was not ready to have a baby, so she gave me to my dad, Dean. He told me that it wasn't my fault that I didn't have a mother, and it wasn't her fault either, it was just the way life worked out sometimes. When my mother, Kayla, came back, a part of me was excited, because if like happened the way it does for a reason, then maybe I would be lucky enough to have two dads plus a mom. I never thought that I would be sitting here, fighting to stay with my parents. That is what they are. Dean and cas are my dads, that's what they have always been. Kayla has never been my mom, and she hasn't acted like one up to this point. She speaks poorly of my dads, even though I've told her that it makes me upset, she makes homophobic remarks, she took me to a mans house that she claimed was her boyfriend and I sat in a stuffy living room for two hours while she spent time in the bedroom with him," Castiel had to squeeze Dean's hand hand so he wouldn't be tempted to jump out of his seat. Deans jaw nearly popped with how hard he pressed his teeth together.
"Oh you haven't seen anything yet, my dear. I've never been too intrigued by boys but I can see why Castiel was allured by you." Dean tilted his head away when Chuck reached out for him. The man gripped his jaw and pulled him close. Dean breathed hard, refusing to look away from the man's eyes. "I might just have to rearrange some of our plans later, appreciate your beauty a bit before I destroy it," Chuck whispered, lips ghosting over Dean's. Dean recoiled back when Chuck released his chin, his lip trembling. Chuck laughed softly, standing up from his chair, gesturing for Michael to pick it up again.
"You back with me?" She asks softly, all of her attention back on him. He blinks a few times, his head heavy. "Come up here, stretch your legs out," she scoots forward on the couch, moving the blanket off of him so it's easier to help him up. He wobbles a bit, unsteady, but her hands guide him down to the couch. She makes him bend his legs up and down, gently massaging them.
"Shit," Miranda cursed under breathed and the car jerked. Cas gasped, his breath stuttering in his tightening throat.
"Yeah, but you didn't sign it, a woman can write any mans name on the birth certificate but that doesn't make them the father. You could try for emergency custody but they really have no proof that you're related. We're just going to have to see how it goes. We'll take the note, show them there was abandonment on the mother's part, you just have to be as cooperative as possible, this process is hard," Castiel explained.
' The clenching of his jaw and the almost blank look accompanied by dark, determined eyes, always during something fast and always right before the degradation,
slut." Dean cried out when Castiel started thrusting again, the angle absolutely perfect. Dean pressed his hands over Castiel's, trying desperately to ground himself amidst the intense pleasure.
"I said we could go this weekend," Castiel corrected, appering behind Jack with a fond roll of his eyes.
"Hey baby, I haven't seen you around since the party," he said, pulling Dean close. Dean raised an unimpressed eyebrow.
"Meg told me I wasn't good for him," he said. He could see Sam's face twitching even as his eyes were fixed on his beer.
. "He took me to a hotel that night we left Lisa's together, and we just... kept meeting up there. Everything feels so much better with him, Charlie, and I'm not just talking about the sex, which is fucking incredible by the way," she grimaced at him and he promptly ignored it. "I mean, I have never been happier than when I'm in that hotel room with him, he makes it feel like the rest of the world doesn't even exist, and I know how cheesy that sounds, trust me. I feel like I sound like I have stockholm syndrome or something, but I fucking love being with him."
Cas kneeled down in the sand, his knee brushing his husbands, his hands scooping sand in his sons little blue pale. Dean smiled at him and cas knew that that world Dean was talking about, it does exist. It’s a world where maybe Cas died from that first gunshot wound. It’s a world where maybe Chuck didn’t favor him and he died a lonely, terrified child. It’s a world where Cas doesn’t know the pleasure of waking up with Jack jumping into their bed, Dean laughing loudly, freely beside him. Cas would hate to live in that world too.
kid," he looked up at Cas and repeated, "I'm your kid. I have two dads and no mom, and I like it that way," he said.
He wipes at his mouth and spits into the dirt as he walks back to his car. With a stomach in knots, he settles into the driver's seat, lightheaded and nauseous.
"I'm sorry," the agent flipped through the file she had been holding with a frown, "I thought your father was deceased."
"He's is slightly underweight but not by much, and that rash needs careful tending to, but other than that, he is not where typically three month olds are at," Deans heart sank. "Typically at this point, 3 month old babies can bare a little weight on their legs, they can lift their head a little while on their tummy, they can sit with some support, but Jack isn't doing any of that so to me that means he wasn't getting very much stimulation wherever he was. He probably spent most of his time laying down without anyone engaging with him to get him moving," the doctor explained. "Now, I know you two are going through enough already, but I will be having to call CPS to help you figure out the paternity stuff. Thankfully, we have a lab here in the hospital that does paternity tests, you can get it done today but the lab results won't be ready for 3 to 5 days," she explained.
i'm sorry for any emotional distress I may cause with this one, I hurt my own feelings a little bit. Don't fret, there is one more chapter left :)
"Do you know how hard it is to work out with a boner?" He asked as he approached Castiel's bed. She leaned back on her elbows with a little smirk, stretching one leg out on the bed and bending the other.
"Gosh, Dean, I really don't know. The FBI never saw him leave the cabin and his brothers haven't heard from him," Ash shook his head. Dean closed his eyes for a second, clutching the folder tight.
Castiel jumped out of her mother's car with a tired yawn. She ducked her head down and gave her mother a once over.
"Okay, well I'll see you at dinner tonight then," she said with a wave as she met her girlfriend at the door. Cas waved back to her as she walked out of the hotel ballroom they had been using for practice. The mats were all clear by then and Coach Harvell was going over the flaws of their routine with Rowena, the other coach.
"They take a different shape with every emotion. Only one goes up when you're annoyed or generally unimpressed, furrow down when you're angry, they go straight when you're upset, and they furrow up when you think someone's being stupid. It's adorable really," Dean said. "So what's going on and how can I help?" He squeezed her a bit, holding her tight to his chest.
"I can tell you're trying not to react to me right now, and I have to say that's a little disappointing," a pair of hands slide around his hips, slipping just under his tee shirt, fingers grazing against his stomach. His skin felt a hundred times more sensitive, his muscles tensing the second he felt the tips of Castiel's fingers. Dean has to force himself to focus when Castiel starts speaking again.
"You know, some people are just too impatient for this part," Castiel said as his fingers danced over the back of Dean's thighs, featherlight from the dip behind his knees up to the seam of his boxers. "Too impatient for these soft touches, for the build up." Dean breathed out shakily, the muscles in his thighs clenching a little as Castiel's fingertips brushed over his balls, not cupping or rubbing, just ghosting over like the promise of a touch.
She was about to put the buds in her ears when someone tapped on the window beside her seat. She looked over and rolled her eyes as Dean waved at her with a dopey little smile. She pulled the window down and stood with her knee on the bench, folding her arms over the window sill as she peered out.
"Ew, Bobby, you're like my dad, you can't say sex," Dean cringed. Bobby laughed, patting Dean on the back.
"No, you know me, I'd just feel weird and awkward afterwards. No offense Benny, I'm sure you're great in bed,"
"Too damn smart for an eight year old," Dean sighed, struggling to hold back tears. Sam's were freely falling, and he wiped them away with a chuckle.
"How many of them made you cum?" He asked, thumb sliding over Dean's hole, still wet with lube. Dean wanted to press his hips back, draw Castiel's finger into him, but he didn't want to seem too desperate for it.
"Okay, who are you and what have you done with Dean?" Charlie asked, reaching across the table to poke Dean's forehead.
Dean sighed, glancing around at the papers, strewn in senseless chaos. His heart thumped erratically in his ribcage, his fingers twitching by his sides, seeking some sort of action that would release the energy piling up in him.
"God, I don't know." Dean dragged his nail over the label of his beer, his entire body felt like it could melt into the ground at any point. "But it's affecting Jack. I love Cas. I love Cas more than I've ever loved another person, but Jack comes first."
"I have one more present for you, but I wanted to give it to you in private, mostly because it's really fucking cheesy," he explained as he walked to his toolbox. He pulled out a square shaped present, wrapped in newspaper because Dean is simple like that. He handed it to cas with red cheeks and stood back with his arms crossed as Cas eyed it. He had a soft smile on his face as he unwrapped it and his cautious smile turned to soft awe as the newspaper fell.
"It's kind of complicated. This guy has a weird reputation, he's not popular or anything but he's well known and not really in a good way," Dean shrugged.
"What does it say?" Cas asked softly. As Dean was reading, Castiel had brought the carseat inside and closed the door. Dean handed it to Cas, slowly lowering himself down onto the floor. There was a trash bag beside it that Dean hadn't seen as first, so he reached for it as Cas read. It wasn't tied, so he pulled it open and started sifting through it. There were a few diapers, an almost empty pack of wipes, a few onesies, and a birth certificate. Dean pulled it out and cursed softly at it.
"Good boy, keep those eyes closed for me," Castiel whispered as he shuffled down a bit more on Dean's legs. Dean gasped when Castiel dragged a finger along his dick, from base to tip, dipping into the slit before drawing away. There was a soft smack and Dean rolled his eyes back behind his eyelids because it sounded a lot like Castiel had sucked his finger clean.
"I wonder what would happen to that brain of yours if I were to put apple pie filling on my body," cas said thoughtfully. "Sit in the impala, a dollop of apple pie filling on my chest," he whispered.
Dean held his breath for a second, staring down at the words as he let his eyes slip shut. He wasn't too concerned with those last three words considering what the rest of the note said. He slowly folded the paper, sliding his fingers along the edges to make the crumpled page a nice, neat square. He dropped the paper and the drive into the cup holder and started up the engine.
"Hands above your head," she raised an eyebrow at him, her knee stilling. A whimper crawled out of his throat, deep and desperate as he reached up and grabbed the bars of the headboard. "Can you keep them there or do you need the cuffs?" She asked, her knee starting a steady rhythm against his bulge. Dean licked his lips, his breath a little heavy. He gripped the bars tighter, trying to feel out where his head was at. He was too fuzzy, he couldn't figure it out. "It's okay if you need the cuffs, honey, I don't want to have to punish you because you couldn't help but let go," she soothed a hand through his hair, her voice close to his ear. His eyes clenched shut as her tongue flicked against his ear lobe, her teeth following it.
"The one that shot me, it was my brother Ross. Well, not technically my brother but he was also raised by Chuck. I took the drive two days before that night, I could tell that someone knew something was up so I set up a meeting with Gabriel and Luke. I wasn't going to give them the drive, I just needed to see who was onto me. I had Gabriel shoot me just to buy a little bit of time while Gabe and Luke dumped the body. I knew they wouldn't believe it was a deal gone wrong but by the time they stitched me up, Ross was gone and you were with Ash, that's all that mattered," Castiel explained.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Dean said, moving towards the stairs. The air was pulled from his lungs as Castiel gripped his waist and pressed his back to the wall. His knee wedged itself between Dean's thighs, pressing up against Dean's sensitive cock. Dean gasped, instinctively reaching up and gripping Castiel's shoulders. The boy looked down at Dean with a blank expression, no smirk or cocky smile. He leaned close to Dean's ear, his fingers wonderfully tight against Dean's hips.
"What?" He stuttered, his tongue heavy in his mouth, his hips buzzing with the ghost of Castiel's touch.
"You can say that again." Sam sighed, pushing off of the counter and jerking his head to the left. "C'mon, we'll watch some tv while the kids play." He grabbed two more beers from the fridge before leading the way to the living room.
This was his and Charlie's favorite game. Always with a girl because Charlie said she'd rather walk barefoot across glass than be touched by a man, sans Dean as long as he kept to safe areas like her hips. They played this game, like a bonding experience where they shared the comfort and touch of another person as well as each other.
That is not Dean. Dean Winchester has had plenty of one night stands and gladly never spoke to them again. Although none of them have ever made Dean cum twice, untouched at that. None of them have called him a "good little slut" either.
"I wasn't too concerned with your actions between you and that red headed friend of yours, I feel I know the terms of your friendship after watching you for a little while. I believe at the last party you were at it was a cute little brunette you had between you two. I always leaned more towards men but I can appreciate a beautiful female, and she was quite the looker, that pretty belly, those nice big thighs. I can see why Charlie picked her. And that beautiful girl tonight, Charlie sure knows how to pick them, doesn't she?" Castiel's hand slipped down the front of Dean's pants, cupping his erection and squeezing just slightly. Dean sucked in a breath, trying to keep his hips still for Castiel. "But Lisa," Castiel tsked, his jaw flexing as it clenched. "She looked a little too desperate for it. Were you going to fuck her, Dean? Maybe let her sit on your dick like she so obviously wanted to?" Castiel growled.
"Can't even feel it," he waved it off, his breath coming to him in shaky passes. Castiel slipped out slowly, his tongue lapping at the blood on his shoulder. He lowered Dean down to the bed, ignoring the boys grumble about the mess.
Dean left Judy and the kids in the living room once all of the presents were opened, and he stopped Cas from leaving the kitchen when he tried to pass Dean. Cas gave him a questioning look, but Dean hushed him and guided him into the garage.
"Cas!" He called again. Jack took hold of his hand as his little face melted with disappointment. Dean walked Jack further into the house, peeking into the bedroom and the kitchen, even wandering out to the garage. They checked upstairs and the backyard, but Cas was nowhere the be found. Dean was doing his best to keep his anger hidden as he guided Jack to the living room.
"I'm just really tired and my uncle is expecting me home soon," Dean shrugged, taking a half step back, his gaze flicking down to where his wrist was trapped in the boy's hold.
"Yeah." Sam took a deep breath and cleared his throat. "I asked her what she remembered about her, and the first thing she said was 'she sang real bad'." Sam laughed and Dean couldn't help but laugh along.
"I used them! I used them to make myself cum. Please, please touch me," he begged, his fingers clenching into the sheets, his forehead digging into his forearm. He sighed in relief as Castiel put his hands back on him. His tongue lapped slowly at his hole, his thumb pressed between his balls and his hole, rubbing a small circle against his perineum. The tips of his fingers teased at the base of his cock, the slightest ghost of a touch that made Dean whine for more. Castiel's tongue stiffened, the tip pressing into his hole. Dean inhaled sharply as Castiel's tongue started fucking into him, his thumb pressing a bit harder against his perineum.
"Will I get to say goodbye to my friends?" He asked. She gave him a tight, sympathetic smile and he nodded.
"Hey, honey, look at me," Cas only pulls out that nickname on special occasions, so Dean glances up rather quick. Cas scoots over so that he's sitting at Deans side. He brings his hand up to wipe away the tear tracks on Dean's cheeks. "I love you, okay?" He whispered softly. "I love you as a boyfriend and I'll love you as Jack's father. You don't have to be alone to be a good father and you don't have to be childless to be a good boyfriend. We're going to figure it out, because that's what people do when they have kids. They change and they grow, but they don't have to do it alone," Cas shakes his head, wiping away more tears.
got covered in glitter, the first time Sam met Jack. Then it was middle childhood, soccer games and school plays, their wedding, in front of the courthouse when they won full custody. Then high school, the first time they took Jack to Pride, that time Cas broke his leg and they mistakingly gave him a bell to ring when he needed them, adopting Claire. Family trips, small moments, days spent at the park, random little things that made their life so worth living, they were all interspersed in there. Some of the notes that Dean kept from the lunches Castiel packed him, pictures the kids drew, notes Dean left for Cas on days he woke up first, copies of their wedding vows. They were all in there. Cas was crying when he finally finished flipping through, and he couldn't speak, so he threw his arms around deans shoulders and cried softly into his husbands neck.
Jack wiggled to get down and Dean set him gently on the floor, kneeling before him. Jack sighed, deeply with a big rise and fall of his shoulders. "I know you love me daddy," he put a hand on deans cheek, giving him a little smile. "I wish papa loved me like you do." He turned away with too sad a smile for an 8 year old, shuffling out of the kitchen on bare feet. Dean brought a hand up to his mouth, silencing the sob that desperately wanted to crawl out of his throat.
"Seduced him?" Castiel stopped walking, turning to Abigail with a disbelieving smile. "What is this, a fucking soap opera?"
The groceries get put away, with everything he needs to cook dinner out on the counter. He opens the window above the sink, letting in the warm evening breeze, allowing the setting sun to filter through. The Google home on the sill plays a classic rock station at a low volume. Dean sings along under his breath as he sautés beef on the stove and chops vegetables between every stir. He turns up his music when Castiel and Megs laughter become a little too constricting on his heart.
"Don't move," he said. The bed stopped squeaking but Anna's whimpers continued. The man slowly started to tilt his head but Dean pressed the muzzle of the gun harder to the back of his head and he paused. "I said, don't fucking move," he repeated.
Room 314 looked just as it always had. The door was a smooth cream color, the letters were new, a bright red, but the carpet in the hallway was the same soft red, patterned with different sized squares. The hallway lights were the same, the bulbs obviously having been changed, it was brighter.
"Well she deserves to be knocked down a peg, where does she get the right? You've been by Cas' side for fifteen years, you've barely even heard her name over the years and suddenly she's an expert? Fuck that. Why aren't you angry?" Sam asked, his shoulders tense and his fingers clenched around his bottle.
"What about Chuck?" Dean asked, head too heavy to keep up, it hung heavy over the crook Castiel's arm.
"We'll have to see what the CPS worker says. In the meantime, I'll get you three set up in a room where you can wait."
"Hopeful," he corrected before leaning back up. Dean heard the distinct rustling of Castiel taking off his clothes, then the ripping of the packet. Castiel poured some of the lube on Dean's hole, spreading some on his cock, the slick sound reaching Dean's ears. Then Castiel was pressing in, faster than he did last time. Dean forced himself to keep breathing, his hand clenching around the pillows. Castiel bottomed out with a low groan that bordered on a growl, his hands gripping Dean's hips hard. Dean didn't have much time to catch his breath or adjust fully to the feeling before Castiel was pulling out and slamming back in, creating a vicious pace, fast and hard, forcing Dean's hips back with every thrust.
"I just want to end whatever this is between us because I don't want there to be any tension in the team," Lisa said, propping her hand on her hip.
Bobby gave him a little bit of shit at first but when Dean explained what was going on, he told him to take all the time he needed. When Dean walked back to the living room, maybe ten minutes later, Cas had taken Jack out of the car seat. Dean approached slowly, peering over Cas' shoulder at the infant cradled in the crook of his elbow.
"You be good and keep still for me, okay?" She grabbed his cock and stroked it a few times, sliding her thumb over the head, dipping along the slit. His stomach clenched when she stopped.
"God, Castiel sure picked a feisty one." Dean grunted, kicking his legs out again, managing to hit someone's face, laughing behind his gag. "Fuck, you little prick. Bind his fucking legs." He continued laughing as the van jostled and someone wrapped duck tape around his feet.
"Why don't you and Jack come over tonight? Jack can spend some time with Amy and we can talk about Cas," Sam offered. Dean stared down at his half chopped vegetables and nodded to himself.
Dean tapped his pencil against his notebook, staring blankly at the classroom floor. The speckles in the tiles make him think about Castiel's eyes, electric blue with little swirls of black around the edges.
"Yeah, don't do that in front of my sister," Jess said with a soft laugh. Sam rolled his eyes and gesticulated.
"Just apologize. Don't be a bitch about it," Abigail said before turning and walking away. Cas stared at her back as her teeth clenched. She rolled her eyes, forcing herself to talk a deep breath and turn back around.
"Serves him right for being gross with a young girl," Charlie shrugged. Dean stared down at his sandwich with furrowed eyebrows. His phone was burning in his pocket and he hated himself for wanting to text Castiel and ask him if he was okay. He wanted to ask if it was true about his sister and her teacher, if he's not just a mindless sociopath like every teacher and adult has tried to label him as.
"Sam, what are you going to do? You're not going to beat her up, you're too much of a feminist," Dean rolled his eyes, hooking Sam's keys on his finger as he took another sip of his beer with his free hand.
By the time he was standing in his own room again, it was nearing 4am and Dean was staring at the gun. Laying innocently enough in his bedside drawer. He closes his eyes, his hands trembling in his lap, the image of Castiel on that table burned in his mind.
"What the fuck?" Dean flipped the blanket off of his head, looking towards the door. "Um, Dean?" Dean shot out of bed at the panicked, confused tone of Cas' voice. He didn't bother with pants as he threw the bedroom door open and looked towards the front door. Dean stopped in his tracks when he saw what Cas was staring at. There on the welcome mat was a car seat, and inside of that car seat was a sleeping baby.
Bobby singer is Dean and Sam's save and grace. He can't imagine where he'd be today if Bobby hadn't taken them in when he was thirteen and ended up in the hospital with a few bruised ribs and a concussion, courtesy of his fathers drunken rage after finding Dean kissing a boy from school. Dean is thankful that he'd decided to let Randy Mackenzie talk him into making out, otherwise he wouldn't be fixing up old cars while his brother did homework inside.
"Watch it, Meg. Jealousy doesn't suit you," Castiel raised an eyebrow at her as Michael removed the towel from his hip. Dean stepped back with a grimace as Castiel's wound leaked steadily with blood, about an inch in diameter, flesh split open. Meg sneered at Castiel, shoving a bottle of tequila at him. He steadily chugged it as Michael prepped a pair of long tweezers.
Dean watched with gritted teeth and narrowed eyes as Chuck walked back up the stairs, Michael practically tripping over himself to follow. Dean listened intently as the door closed, a click of a lock was engaged, just one, two sets of footsteps, maybe ten or so steps, another door, another click. Dean scrambled onto his knees, struggling in the cuffs to get his fingers onto the back of his shoe to push it off.
"You make good money at the garage on top of what you earn from consulting, and I earn a good amount from teaching and translating," Castiel said.
"Fuck, Dean, I," Castiel was cut off by a knock on the door, and a devilish smirk appeared on his lips as he pulled away, his hand slipping out of Dean's pants, making the boys head swirl with needy desire. "Undress completely and lay on your back on the bed," he said, shooing Dean further into the room.
"Yeah, just like that, good boy," she hung her head, strands of hair falling in front of her face. Dean whined, partially at the praise and partially out of frustration for not being able to touch her.
"He made me come with his tongue," cas said, rolling her eyes when Dean smiled proudly. He crawled back onto the bed, holding himself above her and kissing her neck.
"Go outside, Dean. Meg will go get you when we're done," Castiel said, licking his dry lips and managing a soft smile.
"I found it when I was cleaning out the garage. I was just thinking about how we ended up here. This quiet life." His eyes travel to the sea and the outline of a little boy frolicking near the waters edge. "How different it would be if you didn't come back to me."
"Good," she stepped away, leaving him kneeling by the door. He watched with parted lips and wide eyes as she went into the trunk at the end of their bed. "Eyes on the floor, darling," she demanded without looking away from the box. He lowered his head with a slight shudder, pressing his chin to his chest, his eyes fixed on the carpet. He heard her shuffling around in the box, silence, then he felt her behind him. She threaded her fingers into his hair and gently pulled his head back. His throat bobbed on a thick swallow as he felt the steady leather of the collar she settled around his throat, latching it securely at the back. She kept his head tilted back for a second, her thumb stroking over his cheek as she admired the flush on his cheeks.
"Maybe I am protecting him from you," Meg said, pushing off of the wall to stand between Cas and Dean. "Maybe he needs protection from you. All you've done is isolate him from his son, throw Amy in his face, and leave him alone to sulk in his depression."
He cursed as he scrambled over to his backpack, ripping it open and dumping all of the contents onto the floor. He grappled with his sweater for his phone and unlocked it with trembling fingers. Castiel's contact was on his favorite list, and he bit his tongue when he clicked on it.
Flashes of the last time Dean was between Cas' legs flicker behind his eyes. Cas' hand in his hair, gently guiding, pulling of when it got to be too much.
Dean saw a sleek pair of black dress shoes first. Followed by pressed black slacks, a perfect crease at every seam, a tailored black jacket slung open around a crisp white button up. Clean stubble, sharp features, slick hair. Chuck Shirley grinned as he stepped off of the last step, his hands linked in front of him. Michael followed behind him with a chair. He set the chair a few feet in front of Dean and Chuck sat down on it, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees.
"You're ridiculous," Cas rolled his eyes as he directed them towards the stairs that to the left the apartment complex entrance.
worry about it. Worry about the bullet lodge in my fucking hip, Michael," Castiel said, voice hard, his teeth coated with blood.
"Fine. I swear though, if you think this was a one time thing you're insane," Cas said as she sat up.
"I sincerely hope you two wait a few more years to have kids, I'm surprised Sam has kept Bones alive this long," Benny said.
"Don't drink before you get Gabe," she said before leaning up and shutting the door. Her mother flipped her off through the windshield and Castiel returned the gesture with both hands.
"Gosh, you certainly surprised me, Dean. Dare I say you've impressed me," he was smiling wide. "Meg, darling, please take him to the playroom, it's time for some fun. Michael, you know what to do. Dean," Chuck dragged a knuckle against his cheek and Dean jerked away from it. "I'll see you in a few minutes," he patted Dean's cheek before standing and walking away. Dean was yanked up, Megs hands tight around his wrists. Michael followed as Meg led the way to a different part of the house.
"I can't just go up to his sister and ask where he is. What would I say? 'Hey I've been fucking your brother for the last three months, we're not really dating but I really like him so could you tell me where he is and why he isn't answer my texts?' Because that's not insane," Dean pointed out.
"Dean!" Dean squeezed his eyes a little tighter, his hands clenching in his own slacks. He lowered his face to the bed, willing away the tears behind his eyes. He took a moment to breathe, pulling in three shaky inhales and releasing three forceful exhales. He lifted his head a few minutes later, gathering up his strength and standing slowly. He covered Castiel's body with the comforter, and pressed a gentle kiss to his head.
"Fuck, sorry, baby," Dean tilted his head down, watching blood prick up around the teeth marks embedded in his flesh.
"Me sleeping with Dean has nothing to do with you. I apologize for the cafeteria, but I don't owe you an apology for sleeping with him at comp week. Or the date we went on afterwards, or the blowjob I gave him after our date. And Coach Harvelle didn't threaten your position on the team, she threatened your position during that part of the routine. Get over yourself Lisa," cas shoved her hand off of her wrist and turned to walk away.
"Yo! Cas!" She rolled her eyes as she turned and waited for Gabe to slide up to her, Luke at his heels.
"Give me a sec, Bobby!" He grumbled. He looked back up at Cas with a smile plastered on. "Can I see you later?" He asked.
"I'm talking about your pathetic taste in guys. Guys that leave you so unsatisfied that you have to finger yourself after they've fucked you. Guys that think fucking is just about an orgasm and not about making their partner feel so fucking good that all they can do is shake, and cry, and beg for more," Dean's chest was heaving at this point, Castiel's breath fanning against his neck, his cock slowly hardening again as he grinded down against Castiel's thigh. "Has anyone ever made you feel that way, doll?" Dean shook his head fast, leaning his forehead against Castiel's shoulder.
"I could go with you? I know you don't like driving at night, hell, you're anxious driving in the day," Dean chuckled.
"You're so beautiful," Cas whispered when he was three fingers deep, fucking them in and out as Deans chest heaved and his fingers clenched down into the bedsheets. Castiel's fingers fanned out over his belly when he started trying to fuck himself on Cas' fingers. Dean reached down and splayed his hand over Cas', trying to find the patience he was severely lacking.
"I'll be fine," Castiel rolled his eyes with his lips pursed. "Besides, Mandy is driving and it's only forty minutes. I think I'll survive."
"Only for you," Dean said against his lips, licking Castiel's bottom lip before pulling away. Castiel shook his head. He picked up another cherry and fed it to Dean, the boy licking his fingers clean. "I have to be back home by 12," Dean said, looking at the alarm clock on the hotel's bedside table.
"You're right," Cas sighed, "thank you, Dean," she tilted her head back with her lips puckered and Dean leaned down to kiss her.
The trip downstairs was grueling. Dean's stomach was swirling and his hands were shaking and he couldn't stop nervously running his fingers through his hair.  He stopped in front of the door and took three deep breaths then shook out his hands before slowly opening the door, all to loose his breath all over again.
"Really?" Cas picked her head up with a hopeful raise of her eyebrows. She caught Dean's eyes flicking up to them with a smile, and she smacked his leg.
Dean took a moment to send all of the good pictures and videos he took in his phone to Cas. His foot tapped restlessly against the ground as he waited for a response. The messages were read one second, the three little dots in the text bubble appeared, then they disappeared, and the messages remained on read for several minutes until Dean gave up. He locked up his phone, slid it into his pocket, then faced the concerned look Sam was staring at him with.
"Papa loves bees, but you know what he loves more?" Dean asked, pulling away from Cas so he could pick Jack up from the chair acting as a step stool.
"I just want to say I don't like the fact that you can apparently talk to my eyebrows," she began, making Dean laugh against her hair. "As for what's going on, Lisa's on my last damn nerve, I got my phone taken because my siblings were blowing me up with their problems, I have to somehow convince Mrs. Rodgers to let Anna retake her history exam, I got detention for being late because Lisa was holding me hostage in the hall trying to get me to apologize for sleeping with you, and I haven't seen my boyfriend all day," cas ranted, huffing at the end.
"Come on, you dork. Let's get you to the nurse," Dean smiled, his cheeks red as he picked up Castiel's coat. "And put this back on, you're practically naked," he said.
He knows nothing about what Castiel did when he was in pain. If he gritted his teeth to conceal his emotions or if they were clearly laid out with furrowed brows and a twisted mouth.
"What if, what if he's not mine? He's just going to go into the system? Then what?" Dean breathed out heavily, his grip on the baby unconsciously tightening.
"He has a pretty bad rash," Dean said, hesitating to step away as Jack starting wailing and flailing his arms. The doctor gave him a gentle smile as she untapped the diaper and pulled it off.
"Brunch with my brother and this week's love of his life. You want to come? I'll wait for you," she smiled softly as she paused.
"Up," Cas tugged Dean up from the bed and shooed him off towards the bathroom, slapping his ass again.
"But what if I change. Parenthood changes people, doesn't it? What if it makes me someone that you don't like. Someone that you'd rather not be with? I'm not going to have any time between working and Jack, how am I supposed to be a good boyfriend while trying to be a father?" Dean hiccups, his chest tight.
"No, I," she threw her hand out to stop elevator when it started to close. She softened her cold expression and tried to remember how to tilt her voice to not sound like she's angry. "Sorry. I'm just tired and my social interaction limit is peaking. I was just going to take a shower and lay down," she licked her lips, looking over Dean's shoulder at the emptying lobby. "You can join me if you want."
"That was never an option," Castiel said, tightening his arms around Dean’s stomach. "There isn't a world in which I don't return to you, Dean Winchester." Dean leans his head back, the bright summer sun shining in his eyes.
"How was your day, my love?" Dean asked, sliding back into Cas' space, wrapping his arms around his husbands waist and kissing his neck softly.
"Ugh, the handsome esquire with the heart of gold? I was ready to smother myself with that dry as sand chicken they served us." Castiel laughed as Miranda rolled them out of the parking lot. "I'm glad we got out of there when we did because if one more person touched my belly without asking, I would have punched them."
"Mhm," Dean nodded, his eyes fixed on Castiel's face, something distant and cloudy in his gaze. He wanted to protest when Castiel stood and turned for the door. The cloudiness rolling readily through his head disappeared when he caught a glimpse at Castiel's back. Most of his back was covered with intricately designed angel wings, each feather prominent, taking up their own space. They started at his shoulder blades, traveling up to his shoulders, down his sides, and narrowing at his lower back. When Castiel disappeared from the room, Dean laid on his back, trying to remember every inch of that tattoo.
"Ugh, how dare that baby," Dean teased, sliding his hands up Castiel's shirt, his fingers dancing on warm, welcoming skin.
"Unfortunately since you did not sign the birth certificate and the mother isn't here to sign a voluntary declaration of paternity, before the court rule, Jack might have to be placed in temporary custody with the state," she said.
Dean came first, gasping and biting down on her neck. Cas moaned when her orgasm washed over her, eyes rolling back, stomach clenching. Dean kissed at her neck softly, light presses of his lips to her skin as he pulled out. Cas turned her head and caught his lips in a kiss, running her hands along his sides, gently dragging her nails along his skin.
"Come on, I can help you relax," he said, pulling him closer again, his grip around Dean's wrist tightening just slightly until it was officially uncomfortable.
"If you're referring to Lisa, she is not my girlfriend and she never was. We went on like one date last month," Dean said as he followed Cas to the elevators.
Dean startled awake, his heart immediately starting to race. His phone was buzzing beneath his pillow and he grabbed at it blearily. The room was completely dark and nothing seemed out of place, so he peered down at his phone to see what had woken him. He popped into a sitting position and his eyes went clear as Castiel's contact flashed on the screen. Dean accepted the call and pressed his phone to his ear with a soft "Cas?"
spine. That cocky devil act probably won't look so scary coming from a wheelchair," he said. He held the gun pointed at her leg as they moved around each other. He wanted to put a bullet in her head but he couldn't explain that very easily to Bobby. Meg moved over to the window, blood seeping from her furious face. She climbed down the side, sneering up at him as she walked away. He shut the window and locked it before allowing himself to collapse against the wall. He engaged the safety on the gun and dropped it beside himself with a shuddering inhale. He coughed out an exhale, his chest seizing up as the picture filtered into his mind. Dean cursed, burying his hands in his hair as he tried to slow his breathing.
A run in with Meg, or a sneak attack rather, leaves Dean demanding answers from Ash. Answers that he gets, but it's a short lived relief.
Dean remembers one specific time when he sent Castiel a picture of him in a pair of panties that Charlie had left at his house. It took 2 hours of heavy deliberation and a lot of staring at them before he actually tried them on. They were a bright blue, nearly identical to the color of Castiel's eyes, which had ultimately been the selling point. They were made of soft lace and fit surprisingly well, sitting snug on his hips and cupping his ass.
"You're insatiable," Castiel leaned his head to the side and caught Dean's lips in a kiss, their tongues tasting of cherries.
Now, once again, I’m not a doctor and I’m not a CPS worker so I tried my best with the information I could find. Hope you enjoy :)
"Where are you going?" Dean asked as he sat up slowly in the bed, watching Lisa gather her wallet and purse.
where to stab them?" Chuck asked, tapping the handle of the knife before slowly pulling it out. "Well, we'll just have to see how much you can take before you pass out or bleed to death," he plunged it back in.
"No driving, I know my limit and I won't pass it, don't take drinks from anyone without watching them pour it, an exact location if I leave this house, and," he paused, rolling his eyes, "use protection cause you're not going to he a grandfather and you're not buying me antibiotics if I get a disease," he listed.
"Then what is it, bub?" She leaned against the wall beside him and they sank down to the floor together. Dean stared down at his lap, his head beginning to swirl with an oncoming headache and the build up of frustrated tears that he's been holding back all week.
"Come for me, honey," she whispered, her eyes fluttering. Dean stared up at her, watching her bounce, that demanding, dominant look blazing through him. His eyes snapped shut when his orgasm fell over him, his mouth falling on a deep gasp. His hips lost their rhythm and his eyelids were too heavy to open until he heard Miss start to hum the way she always did when she was close.
"Because I have a life already. I have a girlfriend inside right now prepping a stupid side salad with a very carefully picked out dressing. I have a house and a dog, and I'm being the dutiful man of the house by cooking burgers. It doesn't change shit, Sam," he said, turning away from Sam and back towards the barbeque. "This is what I’m supposed to be, this is what I’m supposed to do, so, just, leave it alone," he added with a stubborn flare.
"Shut up!" Meg shoved a gag into his mouth, latching it around the back of his head. Dean yelled her name over the gag but she ignored him. He stilled, taking a deep breath, his fathers voice repeating in his head.
When Castiel pulled away, it was with a steady blow of cold air against Dean's nipple, sending a shock of pleasure through it. His skin prickled with the assault of cooling saliva and the sensitive, bitten skin. Castiel ran a hand down Dean's stomach, chasing it with his mouth, kissing along his belly, down to the crease of his thigh. His eyes trailed back up to make eye contact with Dean as he licked up the puddle of precum steadily dripping from his cock. Dean wanted to whine and squirm when he pulled away again, sitting back on his heels, but he didn't get a chance. Castiel slipped his hands under Dean's knees and tugged him down until he was on his lap. Dean's lower back hovered over the bed, and Castiel tugged the pillow from beneath Dean's head to place it under his hips, making him a little more comfortable.
"I understand. I'll be here, Dean, whenever you're ready,” she ran her thumb over the back of his hand and he fell boneless into the couch at her words.
"Lie down, honey," she pats her thigh and the strings are cut. He drops his head onto her thigh, his breath leaving him in one solid exhale. "You just sit there and breathe for me, okay? There is absolutely nothing else you need to do except sit here and be my good boy," her hands were in his hair, scratching gently at his scalp. A soft whine leaves him before he can stop it, he wiggles a bit to get comfortable, then his eyes close and it's easy to focus on her touch. The smell of citrus and firewood wraps around him almost as heavy and comforting as the blanket.
"Next time," he whispered, his lips pressed close to Dean's ear. "I want to open you up." One finger pressed slowly inside of Dean. "Half of the fun is getting you so close to the edge that you're begging for it. Begging for me to fuck you." Dean couldn't breathe. Castiel pulled his finger out and pressed two in, bringing one of Dean's legs up to wrap around his waist so he could press his fingers in deeper.
A banging on the door makes him flinch. He slides off of the couch, dragging a hand down his face as he shuffles over to the front door. He peers through the peephole and his jaw clenched.
"Why didn't you tell me?" She asked, the accusatory tone gone from her voice. It was just empty softness now.
"I guess if we put a label on it then yeah, it's like, exclusive though. We don't mess with other people, we just don't interact outside of our..." Dean trailed off, trying to figure out how to explain without telling his guardian that he's been spending time in a hotel with Castiel fucking Novak.
"I'm close, pet, where do you want it?" Castiel releases his grip on Dean's head so the boy can pull back. A string of saliva connects the head of Castiel's cock to Dean's bottom lip, and the boy chases it, pressing an open mouthed kiss to the head.
"Hey, be nice," Cas chided. Dean thought for a second that he was talking to Meg, but Cas' eyes were fixed on him. Deans eyebrows drew down and a few stones settled heavily in his gut.
"I am. You got the drive?" He asked. Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out the black usb drive. He dropped it into Ash's hand and followed him to the desk by the window. It was covered in different documents and photographs. Dean caught a few startling images, young girls and boys faces, before Ash covered them up. Dean steeled himself again, clenching his jaw hard. Ash went to plug the drive in, but paused as he looked up at Dean. "Sorry kid, I was told not to let you see this," he drummed his hands on the desk momentarily then stood. He searched around the desk for a scrap of paper and a pen and scribbled a few numbers onto it, handing it to Dean.
"Stop," Dean swatted her hand away with a weak grimace. "I just don't really feel like having a shitty one night stand with another shitty person at another shitty party. I'm sure Lisa is great, but I'm not feeling it anymore," he said.
"There's something under the blanket," he said, tucking his hands close to his chest. Cas bent down again, very carefully peeled the blanket up and pulled out a folded piece of paper. He handed it to Dean then peered outside.
"Don't let that stop you from stopping me if you feel uncomfortable alright? I'm not a great guy but I'm not a prick." Dean wanted to respond, but Castiel's hands were sliding around his hips, skirting along the seam of his boxers and dipping into them by his lower back. His hand dipped inside, the tip of his finger sliding between his cheeks. Castiel paused when his finger found Dean's hole, wet with lube and loose from three of his own fingers. Dean could feel the boy still against him, and his chest seized up.
The room was beautifully decorated. A crystal chandelier hanging in the middle, the carpet plush and snow white, two wide windows with delicate pink curtains. A tv that took up almost an entire wall. The bed was a queen, done up with expensive looking blankets, a girly girl's dream if it didn't also have a burly man aggressively taking everything he wanted from that girl. Dean very carefully stepped over to the man's clothes, sifting through them until he found a black handgun. Anna was whimpering behind a red ball gag, the cuffs on her wrists jingling with every shift of her body. Dean walked around to the other side of the bed, and cocked the gun, holding it to the back of the man's head.
"Dean." Sam straightened his shoulders, his eyes softening. Dean couldn't stand to look at it so he stared down at his beer bottle. "You know that's bullshit, right? Cas wouldn't have gotten through those first few months without you. Cas probably wouldn't have even walked away from the accident without you. Jack too. If you need space, take it. You can come stay with me, you know Amy and Jack would love that, but don't you dare think less of yourself because of what a stranger said." Sam paused, letting a bit of the silence gear him up for his next question. "How do you think Cas will do with that space?"
"I know" he smacked his lips with a sigh. "That's all it took for whats-his-name to not make me cum" he said. They laughed, Benny patting his back sympathetically.
"Well they give formula and stuff to new mothers so it's not like they don't have the stuff. I already explained our situation so she knows we don't have anything for him," Cas shrugged. Dean only nodded, his limbs still trembling.
"Don't talk to my son like that," Dean bit, not daring to look at her in fear that he might kill her with his eyes.
"I love you," Dean breathed, trying to push the words into Castiel's neck, sealing them with hurried, frenzied kisses. Castiel huffed a small laugh, his breath shaky against the side of Dean's head.
"You're hookups," Bobby said bluntly. "You're eighteen, Dean, you don't have to be embarrassed about the fact that you're having sex."
"Maybe I'll drape myself over the hood, put the pie filling on my stomach, make you lick it off," Castiel said as he ran his fingers through his hair, deciding to just leave it.
"I mean, I thought about it even before Jack but I thought it was too soon, now that he's here though, we could use the space," Cas said.
"No." The answer wasn't harsh, and Dean took it as it was. He nodded with acceptance, slipping his hands back around Castiel's waist, resting his head on his chest. Castiel propped his elbows on Dean's shoulders, his fingers carding through his wet hair.
"Fuck yeah, you like that?" Dean hums noncommittally and the boy sends a few more pats to his ass. He wished he would have gotten on his hands and knees so he could look as bored as he felt, but he kept biting his lip and making small moans as any polite person would do. The boy is making sharp thrusts that have his skinny pelvis smacking awkwardly into Dean's ass, the rhythm choppy and unsatisfying.
"Alright, I'll back off, but I want you to know that there is nothing more important than your well being and your happiness," Sam said. "With that being said, let me take over while you go grab me a beer because I am not stepping into that house again before those girls have at least a full glass of wine. They're mean when they're together," Sam shivers dramatically as he takes the spatula from Dean's hand. Dean chuckled and the tension in his shoulders relaxed with the change in topic.
"Screwing up is apart of the deal. A little trauma never hurt nobody," Dean laughs wetly. "Kidding, but seriously, parents make mistakes, it's apart of the process. For what it's worth," Cas leaned his chin on Dean's shoulder, his forehead at his temple. "You're doing a great job and I think you're an amazing father." Dean closed his eyes and dropped his chin to his chest.
"I don't even know what the world outside of this room looks like anymore," Dean shook his head, his fingers tracing invisible patterns on Cas' chest. Cas chuckled, the feeling of it vibrating against Deans cheek.
"What are you talking about?" He pushed his hand through his hair, trying to breath in a bit deeper, he was getting fuzzier.
When Dean was allowed to turn around, he wrapped his arms around Castiel's waist and leaned up to kiss him. Castiel tangled his fingers in Deans hair, keeping his head exactly where he wanted him as he slipped his tongue into his mouth. Dean moaned into his mouth, his head fuzzy with pleasure.
"Fuck, Cas, I need you. Come on, I'm ready," Dean grabbed the condom before Cas could, gesturing impatiently for Cas to join him. Castiel took his time wiping his fingers, just to tease Dean with the stall.
"You dropped it around the time you told me someone spit on you," Dean said, picking the joint up from the first step and handing it back to cas. "I'm seriously going to need a name on that one. They're getting their entire fucking mouth revoked," he said with a downward turn of his expression.
"Don't apologize, doll. There's other ways I can have you begging," with those words, Castiel's fingers slipped out so he could grip Dean's hips and guide him to the bed, gently pushing him down onto his stomach on the mattress. His hands were nimble and demanding as they arranged Dean's body how they wanted him. He propped himself up on his elbows, his thighs pushed apart.
"Thank you so much, Miss Talbot," he said, tears finally falling. Cas is right there beside him, pressing his forehead to Deans shoulder and sighing with relief.
"Chuck had this built just for you," she whispered in his ear. Dean struggled against her and Michael's hands, as hard as he could, but someone else came in to help and he was useless. There was a wooden support beam hooked to the ceiling, two loop rings on either side. A pair of cuffs were latched onto Dean's wrists then hooked onto the rings so his arms were straight across the beam. A pair of cuffs went onto his ankles as well and hooked to the floor until he was completely bound. He glared at Meg the entire time, his teeth clenched and his body sinking.
"What's the matter, Novak? Someone get your panties in a twist?" He asked, leaning against the railing. He tilted his head trying to catch Castiel's eyes, but Cas tilted their head down towards the joint hanging between their fingers. Fingers that were slightly shaking. "Cas?"
"No, no, I'm just," he blinked hard a few times, trying to clear the fog of shock and anxiety from his brain. "You're not..." he paused, swallowing on a dry throat. She waited patiently as he took a slow drag of his cigarette before finding his voice again. "You're not making me uncomfortable," he said.
"Why does it fucking matter? The last asshole who hate crimed me got a weeks suspension and spit on me the first chance they got," Castiel scoffed, another year rolling down their cheek. "I don't know why I even try. Maybe I should loose the trench coat?" Cas stood up, shrugging the coat off and throwing it against the wall. They were wearing a black tee shirt underneath, it hugged their frame nicely, Dean had never seen cas without the coat, it felt a little surreal.
"Absolutely. A little apple, a little cherry, a little rhubarb. I didn't even know I liked rhubarb, but here I am," he shrugs, taking another bite of his sandwich.
Her phone buzzed halfway through the class and she pulled it out carefully, trying not to give her teacher any other reason to call her out.
"You doin' okay? You looked pretty far gone when you came out," she asked, holding her cigarette as she always has, her wrist bent with her palm up, the cigarette a slight flick away from falling from her middle and pointer fingers, elbow resting at her hip.
"Anna? Anna, where is cas? Is cas here?" Dean asked, his teeth grinding as Anna's eyes slipped shut. "Anna," he called, pressing his fingers on her neck. Her pulse was still steady but she was lolling out of consciousness.
"Fuck," Cas thrusts forward a little harder, testing. When Dean meets him halfway, bobbing his head with practiced ease, Cas speeds up. "So good for me, doll. Stay still, just let me," Cas breathed out heavily, sliding his fingers into Dean's hair. Dean stopped moving his head, allowing Cas to thrust forward into his mouth. More tears fall, salvia drips down his chin, his cheeks flush with heat as he concentrated on keeping his throat relaxed for Castiel. His ass flexes under Dean's fingers as he works his cock in and out of Dean's throat. He's sure he he'd be able to feel the intrusion if he were to put a hand on his throat.
Deans head tilts up to the sun, the breeze fanning over his face. His eyes are squinted even through the sunglasses propped on the sun kissed bridge of his nose. His skin is warm, his lips curled in a constant smile.
He doesn't expect to see that same blonde girl at the front desk, and it comes as a shock when he does. She smiled at him big and bright, as if no time has passed, as she tossed him the key.
Meg Masters had started singing in 2013 and she skyrocketed to fame in the early months of 2015. Dean had met her around 2014 and they got together occasionally to write music together. He had his hands all over her second album and, likewise, she wrote half of his third. Dean genuinely liked her personality, so it wasn’t a shock to him that he was invited to  a charity event she was hosting. Everyone was dressed in their best, floor length evening gowns and pressed suits. Dean fiddled with the button on his jacket as they were directed to their table.
"Are you about to kiss me or do I need to put my glasses back on?" Cas whispered, slightly teasing but more so out of breath. Dean huffed a laugh, Castiel's mouth twitching up before he was leaning down and pressing their mouths together. Castiel's hands came up to deans hips, their fingers clenching around his tee shirt, pulling him in closer. Dean ran his thumb over Cas' cheek, and they pulled away with a hiss.
"We'll just have to ask him when we get home, but you know papa loves to watch what you want to watch," Dean said, glancing at Jack through the rear view mirror.
"Understood. Understood and agreed, I don't want anyone else," Dean shook his head, feeling a certain level of deliriousness. Castiel was fucking intoxicating, and Dean knew it wasn't the alcohol because his limit is higher than two shots and a vodka cranberry. This was a different kind of intoxicating, one that made his muscles tremble and his skin feel like it was on fire.
"Hey man, Jess insisted on bringing wine even though they're the ones who drink it," Sam said with a sarcastically wide smile as he held up the bottle.
"Thanks, Sammy. Fuck." He wiped a hand over his face and blew a shark breath out. "Enough about me, how's my niece?" He asked, taking a long sip of his beer.
"Daddy, look what grandma Judy bought for me!" Dean looked down at Claire, five years old with the biggest smile on her face as she stood beside a giant box that contained a Princess vanity.
"Got it," he nodded, swallowing against a tight throat. "How, how will I know if Castiel is okay?" He asked. Ash looked down, avoiding Dean's eyes.
When he turned back around, Anna was still slumped in the rocking chair, staring blankly at the floor.
"Because you're taking forever," Dean's words broke with a hitch of breath as Castiel started pressing in. "Fuck," he sighed. He wrapped his legs around Cas' waist, drawing his knees up a bit and gripping Cas' hips to pull him in deeper. Cas threaded his fingers in Dean's hair and pressed their mouths together in a sloppy, heated kiss as he started up a hard, fast pace.
Feeling eyes on him, Dean fluttered his eyes open, looking over Mark's shoulder and searching the dark, hazy house of teenagers. His breath hitched when he found the source of the attention. Castiel Novak was standing against the opposite wall, a red solo cup in his hand. Castiel's eyes were completely fixed on Dean, narrowed slightly, his head tilted to the side.
"I've already calculated what we pay in rent, electricity and utilities, also factoring in Jack's necessities, a monthly food budget, daycare, our Netflix subscription, estimated gas expenses, our phone bills, etc. This is what we're looking at left over," Cas slides the paper to Dean and Deans eyes widen.
"Cas, where the hell are you?" He asked, keeping his voice low despite the fact that Jack was upstairs sleeping.
"Yes. Yes, Cas, want to be your cockslut," Dean said, voice strained, stomach curling with pleasure as Castiel slammed into his prostate over and over.
"Are you having as much fun as I am, Dean?" Chuck asked, waving Michael away, stepping in front of Dean with the blade that he had been twirling in his hand the entire time Michael was hitting Dean.
Dean glanced around the cafeteria again, trying to see if he somehow missed him again. He searched the student faces, looking for tufts of jet black hair, Arctic blue eyes, a devastating jawline that Dean likes to bite. He sees nothing.
"I know you're not a virgin, so why are you being so shy tonight?" Castiel's breath was warm against his skin as he dipped his head towards Dean's chest
"My dad," Dean whispered. Bobby's hands tightened around him and he could see Sam's head fall in his peripheral.
He shook it off as he finally mustered up enough courage to open the driver side door and step out. His boots hit the ground with a sure thud and he stands before he can slip back into his seat. He shut the door and played with his keys for a second before stepping forward.
They both jostled, making them break away. Dean chuckled as his arms went around the little boy who'd just planted himself in his lap, skin dotted with sand, smile shining so bright it just about overpowered the sun.
"Good man, have a good time," Bobby slapped his shoulder then replacing his hand on the steering wheel. Dean turned to Sam and saluted him.
"Hello, boy toy," she purred, a gun sitting innocently on her lap as she flipped through a magazine. Dean swallowed, steeling his emotions so they wouldn't show on his face. He heard the door slam downstairs, thankful that Sam was out of the house. He couldn't hear the pots rustling but he knew that Bobby was working on dinner.
"Lisa?" Coach Harvell questioned, gently grabbing Cas' wrist to inspect it. The initial pain was wearing off and it didn't hurt when Coach Harvell rolled it in circles.
Two nights before Dean has to go back to work and Cas has to go back to teaching, they sit down in the living room while Jack sleeps in his crib. Dean places his head in his hands and he's crying but Castiel isn't sure why. Cas sits behind him for a while, just laying his head on Deans back, waiting paitently until he's ready to share.
Please let me know what you thought of the story, as always kudos and comments are always appreciated. You can find me on tumblr and wattpad at -BisexualInDisguise. You can also message me on kik because I'm typically bored and always available to listen to you rant or yell at you to drink water, username and profile picture is the same (Bisexualindisguise) Thanks for reading :)
"I know," was Castiel's response. Dean turned to the other boy and held a hand out. Castiel took it without hesitation, squeezing gently.
"Okay," she took a step forward, still a respectable amount of space between them, maybe an arms length away, but that arm's length felt like an anchor, bringing him back into his own body. He's startled that she still has this much of an effect on him. "How have you been? You look like you haven't slept much," she looked away from him with that thoughtful tilt of her head, then added, "I'm sorry, I'm talking like I still know you, I don't want to make you uncomfortable, it's just surprising how well I can read you still."
"And yet I snapped him out of it within minutes," she said with an arrogant smirk on his lips that made Dean's blood boil. He would punch her if that was socially acceptable. Instead, he turned to Jack, picked the boy up, and carried him back towards the stairs.
Taking a slow, steady breath, he pulled away from the cabin. As the dirt path led him back towards the backroads, steeled his emotions, swallowing down the fear of the situation and the utter terror of losing Castiel. He forced himself to not look at the cup holder as he drove, dirt roads slowly turning into backroads. Backroads slowing turning into city streets.
"I killed Chuck," there was no remorse for the action in his voice but there was some guilt. Maybe for leaving Dean, maybe for putting him a situation where he has to leave him. "There are a lot of people on my ass right now and I need you to be safe. Right now, that means not being near me. Don't worry, okay?"
In the next picture, there was a man holding Castiel down by his shoulders as Michael cut into his stomach. Deans fingers clenched at his sides.
"Unfortunately, I can't stay long enough to fully appreciate that pretty body of yours," Castiel slid up into Dean's space again, reaching around him and sliding his hand into Dean's back pocket. He pulled Dean's phone out, resting his forehead against the boy's shoulder as he made himself a contact.
"Shit, Cas, harder," he whispered against the mans lips, breathing hard. Cas tugged on his hair as he pulled out, guiding Dean onto his hands and knees. He gripped Dean's hips and started up a fast, relentless pace. Dean hung his head with a loud moan, spreading his knees a bit more. Cas adjusted a few times until Dean cried out, and Cas nodded to himself, thrusting hard at that angle, watching Dean fall apart. He ran his hands along Dean's back and over his hips, throwing praising compliments into the air. Dean came with a full body shiver, his chest falling to the bed, his moans muffled in the pillow. His legs shook with the overstimulation of Cas chasing his own high. When Cas came, it was with a deep groan, cut off by a moan, his fingers digging hard into Dean's hips.
"You know what they say, if you got something you love, trap them up in your basement and make them put on lotion until they threaten your dog," Garth shrugs.
Dean loves that Castiel is having a good time with Meg. He loves that he's out of bed and out of his pajamas and out of his shell of darkness, but he hates that he played no part in that. After hundreds of hours trying and trying, Dean still wasn't enough. Maybe that's selfish. Maybe Dean just wanted so badly to be his cure, to be what helps him through this storm. Maybe that's what's clouding his judgement. Perhaps there was nothing Dean could have done in the first place. Dean made Castiel comfortable in his sadness. Dean kept him fed and warm and hydrated even if he didn't leave his bed. Dean picked up an extra job when Castiel was too sad to look for another one. Dean bathed him when he was too numb to do it himself. Dean loved him so much that he allowed Castiel to become one with his depression.
"Cas, just because we banter and bitch at each other doesn't mean I'm going to leave you crying in the stairwell with a black eye. We won't go into the stereotype stuff because I feel like that's not really about me, but we gotta get you to the nurse or something," Dean reached down for Cas, but they drew back.
"You!" He and Cas exclaimed simultaneously. Jack giggled as he was assaulted with an onslaught of tickles from both of them.
"Sam was just saying how we should all go up to California. Maybe after the baby is born. You know how Jack and Amy love the beach," she said.
It feels like a longshot, and if he is wrong he just might crack completely, but he pulls into the apartment complex with practiced ease. His feet carry him in a shuffle down the path, his fingers twitching on their own accord. He knocks on the door with rushed fervor, and nearly falls to his knees when it swings open and she's standing there, in front of him.
"Nothing, sorry," Miranda chuckled, her hands flexing on the wheel, shoulders relaxing. "Just a little pinch. This pregnancy has been a breeze compared to Amy. I don't even have morning sickness like I did with Amy," she said. Then her face dropped and her fingers tightened on the steering wheel. Cas leaned forward in his seat, analyzing her face.
"What? Where are you? Are you okay?" He slipped out of bed, pressing the phone harder against his ear.
"Dean!" He spun around, catching a very slight glimpse of the shaggy haired boy he had seen when he picked up Castiel. He was hidden mostly in the shadows, his hands making an aborted motion somewhere down the way. Deans hand instinctively slipped under his shirt, grabbing the grip of the gun.
Dean was ready to punch the guy, when he felt a pair of hands at his waist, making him gasp. A hand found his elbow and it slid down his arm until it got to the point where his skin was reddening under the boy's hold.
"Fuck." Cas struggled to maneuver when his legs were trapped, his knees and thighs ached when he shifted his hips up to dig into his back pocket. He pulled his phone out and unlocked it with trembling fingers. He stared at the screen for a second, lips trembling as he tried to call someone. Anyone.
Dean still went to parties, he played his game with Charlie, and if Castiel didn't text him, he'd go home alone. Charlie had questioned a few times why he left that party with Cas, and she looked skeptical every time he told her that he just helped him outside so he could throw up. She knew he didn't drink that much, but he stuck to his story.
A cab was waiting for them outside when they walked out. Charlie, Dean’s unofficial publicist, Benny, Dean’s official manager, and Sam and Jess were already waiting for them at the venue. Paparazzi were swarming outside, buzzing and flashing, talking at them as they walked in. Dean kept his hand on Lisa's lower back, smiling politely, raising his hand in greeting at some. Lisa smiled as brilliantly as she always does, not shying away from the flashing cameras. She was a lifeline in social situations, her beauty and amenable personality life a safety blanket. She steered conversations as easy as breathing, and Dean's social anxiety always relied on that.
"Clean up your mess," Castiel said, tapping his hip as he leaned over the chair to grab the pack of cigarettes from his Jean pockets. Dean rose slowly, sliding back down onto the pillow at Castiel's feet. He heard the flick of the lighter as he leaned down and licked his own release off of Castiel's stomach. Cas slid the hand not holding his cigarette into Dean's hair, pushing sweat slick strands away from his forehead. The smell of cigarette smoke slowly filled the room with each inhale and exhale. All of Dean's senses were filled with the smell of sex and cigarette smoke, and he sunk down into it with a sated, delirious smile.
Dean pressed his hand against her stomach, gently pushing her down, hooking one leg over his shoulder and pushing the other one further to the side. Cas allowed him to arrange her as he pleased, relaxing back against the hotel mattress and staring up at the ceiling. She felt his breath against her and she sighed softly. He kissed along the seam of her inner thigh, then along her mound, lips brushing against the course, dark hair there. He kissed gently down her cunt, then licked a broad stripe up her lips, the tip of his tongue teasing over the hood of her clit. Her breath stuttered in her throat as he repeated the action. He ran his tongue lightly over her clit once, then kissed around it, teasing as he ran his thumb back and forth over her belly. She hummed, pressing one hand over his, holding it there, and cupping her breast with the other, just squeezing gently over her tee shirt, thankful she forewent a bra after her shower.
"God, it's really impressive how much one person can be stabbed. Look at that," Meg dipped her head low to examine his stomach, running her fingers between the maze of stab wounds. Dean groaned out in pain, nausea clawing at his throat. She dipped her finger into one of them and he screamed, trying to pull away from her hands as she giggled.
noticed you, was at Victor's party last year. There was this guy trying to pressure you into going upstairs with him and you were pretty fucked up. You had been stumbling and slurring a bit, I don't take kindly to guys, or girls, trying to force themselves on people, so I stayed close. I was about to intervene when you punched him. Right in the nose, blood everywhere, then you kneed him and shoved him to the floor, cursing at him for being a prick. Fuck, I couldn't stop looking at you after that." Castiel pressed his hips to Dean's, slowly grinding down against him.
"From who, Cas? From me? Because me and Jack are the only other ones here. So, what exactly is she protecting you from?" Dean asked, his lips trembling as he held back tears.
Dean gasped sharply when Cas' fingers brushed his prostate, his eyes blowing open and his hips twitching.
"Good boy," there was a hint of adoration in his voice that had Dean preening and sucking hard at the digits in his mouth. "Does it feel good being full like this?" He circled his hips, burying himself impossibly deeper inside of Dean. "Both of your little holes nice and stuffed full. Is this what you were looking for? All those guys who didn't know how to treat this little body, how to treat it as nicely as I am. Is this what you wanted, slut?" The name rolls so sweetly off of his tongue that it sounds like the highest of praise, and all Dean can do was nod and suck harder.
"Because Sam," Dean shrugged, his throat closing up on him. "I'm fucking tired. I'm so, so tired. I'm tired of everything not being enough. I'm tired of Jack asking why his dad is always sick, why he doesn't smile, why he doesn't love him. He asked me today how we could make Cas smile like Meg does." Dean pressed his hand to his forehead, digging his nails into the top of his scalp. He allowed the heat behind his eyes to take over, forcing tears past his tired eyes. "I'm just starting to wonder if we'll be better off apart. If Jack will be better with some space."
"You want to take this somewhere more private?" Mark asked, pulling away slightly. Dean's eyes were still cast around the boy, fixed on Castiel's. Heat pooled in his stomach when Castiel's eyebrow rose, the rest of his face neutral.
"He does. I think it killed him a little when he realized Jack wasn't keen on the whole thing. He likes fishing but only because it's with Dean, he likes the flowers and the s'mores more than anything." Cas gripped the door a little harder when the car jostled.
"Why don't you go pick the movie and I'll make some popcorn?" He said, smiling soft in response to Jack's frown. "Sugar or butter?" He asked.
A door creaked open but it was distant. There was a pattering of footsteps, muffled, above Dean's head. He was in a basement of some sort, that much was obvious. The shuffle of footsteps above his head moved to the left, and another door opened. Dean squinted when a light flickered on. He struggled to get to his knees as a pair of footsteps descending a set of stairs, concrete sounding.
Dean jumped off of the porch and barely managed to bend over a bush before he's throwing up. Bile claws at his throat the same way Castiel's screams claw at his ears and he gags with it. The darkness hides the evidence of his sickness with shadows as Dean backs away.
"Why are you torturing me?" Dean asked, lifting his head from the bed to direct his glare as Castiel as he walked out of the bathroom. Cas grabbed his laptop bag and keys, holding them in one hand as he leaned down to kiss Dean goodbye.
"So beautiful," was whispered as Castiel came with a deep groan, his hips rocking hard into Dean, his release hot inside of him. Dean's eyes rolled back, his chest heaving, arms limp at his sides.
"I'm talking about the fact that you never seem to be happy, especially recently. Am I doing something wrong here? I'm really trying to be what you need, but that's hard when I can't tell what you need," She said.
"Your," he paused, voice cracking. Castiel raised an eyebrow, gently squeezing his throat. "Your little slut wants you to fuck him harder," he whispered over the lump in his throat, his cheeks blazing.
Dean blinked hard against the darkness, moaning softly over his gag as he tested his restraints. The entire room was pitch black, the ground cold and hard, most likely cement.
"How many guys have you slept with?" He asked as his hands ran up and down the side of Dean's thighs. The question wasn't judgmental or heated, it sounded almost professional, like a doctor asking if a patient wasn't sexually active. Dean opened his mouth to answer but paused as Castiel pressed a kiss to his tailbone, peppering firm, hot kisses along the top of his ass. Castiel hummed and pinched his thigh to remind him that he was asked a question.
"Yes, please, miss," he nods his head almost furiously. She chuckled, sliding her hand down from his hair to squeeze the back of his neck, then she was moving away from him. He whined, a furrow in his brow that is quickly smoothed away with a firm look.
"You're right," Cas nodded and stood. Dean watched with wide eyes as cas walked up to the nurse at the desk. Dean bit at the inside of his cheek, worrying the skin with his teeth as he watched them. Jack fused against his neck, his lips trying to latch on.
There's a car waiting for him when he walks out of the office and he settled contently into a productive, familiar groove. He does three oil changes, rotates some times, changes two headlight bulbs, and a lady brings her car in because it's "being weird on her", and he spends thirty minutes trying to diagnose it because it kept randomly shutting off. He'd gotten an earful because he couldn't magically wave his hand at it and make it work again. She glared at him until someone came to pick her up.
"Well, it was lovely meeting you Dean. I am really excited about our date later, do be on time," Chuck smirked, ruffling Dean's hair and laughing when Dean ducked to get away from the touch.
"What? Dean, if I didn't want to be here then I wouldn't be. I don't feel pressured to stay, I'm staying because I love you," Castiel said.
Lisa sighs happily when they're gone and stretches her arms above her head with a tipsy smile. They clean up listening to music, Lisa dances and brushes up against him as they wash dishes. He smiles lazily at her, trying to lose himself in the swivel of her hips and the taste of wine in her kiss. He puts all of his concentration onto the taste of her skin when they fall into bed, listening to the hitch in her breath and the rasp in her moan when he sucks on her neck. Her legs are tiny under his palm and she scratches against his back when he grinds against her.
"Okay, how? If there's something you need, I can give it to you, or I can try. Dean, I can help you, you just have to trust me," she reaches out and touches his elbow but he folds in on himself and backs away from her touch. He turns his head away from the hurt look in her eyes at the action.
She went to grab her phone at the end of the house but Mrs Reed shook her head and started going on and on about paying attention in class if Castiel wanted a good job in the future. The entire lecture went in one ear and out the other all for Mrs. Reed to say that cas could get it from the office at the end of the day. Cas has simply huffed, but her tongue, and walked out of the room.
"Hello, honeybee!" Cas greeted chirpily, stepping forward with his hands outstretched for Jack. The boy backed away, closing his body down.
"You think I don't know that?" Dean shouted, immediately turning his head down. Sam glanced up at the kids, giving them reassuring smiled and a thumbs up. Amy turned with a shrug but Jack stared at his dad for a moment longer before slowly turning back. Dean looked up slowly, tears running down his cheeks. "I'll schedule him another appointment with Dr. Gomez," he said. Sam surrendered, moving the conversation to Jack's upcoming 8th birthday. Amy was 10 kinds of excited because Jack's birthday meant that hers was only a week away. Sam started talking about how big they were getting, two 8 year olds, and Dean welcomed the change in topic. This was something he could do. He could be a father with one hand tied behind his back and his eyes closed.
"Please, please, yes!" Dean licked his dry lips, his thighs trembling against Castiel's waist, his stomach clenching hard, a tear falling from the corner of his eye.
"I was just too afraid to make the first move, you don't really come across as approachable," Dean said, smirking playfully.
The air was nippy and it licked at his skin as soon as he pushed out of the employee entrance. He could see his breath every time he exhaled, little clouds of white seeping past his chapped lips. Dean ducked his head as he started for Bobby's car, the keys jingling in his pocket.
Gabe rolled his eyes but recited, "I tell you when and where I'm smoking, who I'm with, and if I'll need a ride."
"Hey, I just got your text. Not sure what to make of 'Meg masters fixed my husband'. Who's Meg masters and what has she done with Castiel?" Sam's voice filtered through the line with an upbeat chirp in his tone that made Dean's stomach churn.
"Which one should I wear tonight?" Dean looked away from the mirror and looked at Lisa thoughtfully. The two dresses she was holding up were so vastly different from one another. In her right hand was a floor length red dress, covered completely in sequins. He could tell it would show off a lot of her cleavage, the dip in the chest would go to her sternum. In her left hand was a navy blue color, with lace sleeves, that puffed out on the bottom.
"Fuck," his eyes fell open slightly as she rose up with the curse. He watched in blissful heaviness as she slipped the condom off of him. She unhooked the chains from the bedpost and unlatched the cuffs from his wrists, gently kissing the pulse point on each one.
"I hope you like cherry," he smirked as he climbed onto the bed. Dean's eyes widened as Castiel straddled him, completely clothed against Dean's bare skin. That smirk never left his lips as he scooped a piece of pie onto the fork and held it up to Dean's lips. Dean made eye contact with him as he closed his lips around the fork, sliding it out of his mouth slower than strictly necessary. His eyes shut and he moaned at the taste, opening his eyes again to lick his lips. Castiel shook his head with an amused smile as he pulled the fork away.
"Good. Scram," she handed the five dollars to her brother and continued out to the courtyard. She found an empty, quiet spot under a tree and plopped down with a frustrated sigh. She pressed her back against the tree and looked up at the sky as she tried not to let her breath waiver.
Then the boy– who Dean cannot remember the name of to save his life– started thrusting up and gripping Dean's hips in a tight hold. It was the kind of tight that should be sexy but actually just burns.
"We just have to love papa like papa loves us, and he'll be smiling on the inside, even if he doesn't on the outside," Dean said. He knew his answer didn't satisfy Jack, the furrow in his brow was still there and his lips were curled in a frown.
"One, two, three," Cas counted along, standing in the middle of Jo, Lisa, and Charlie. Charlie took her hips when Cas braced herself on Jo and Lisa's shoulders and with a jump she landed on their hands, bending her knees then she was thrown up. She tucked her hands to her sides as she spun in the air. She felt Jo and Charlie's hands under her, but Lisa's support was gone and cas was falling to the mats, Charlie's arm keeping her head from crashing. Castiel yelped as she landed with her wrist beneath her hip, crushing it slightly.
"Daddy, where's papa?" Jack asked from somewhere down the hall. Dean squinted in the darkness, taking a second to flip on the hallway light.
"What's going on in here?" He asked, approaching their chaotic work station. He wrapped his arms around Castiel's waist before he could turn around.
It was shortly after Jack turned four that they officially moved into the house. Two stories, painted a soft yellow that was easy on the eyes, blue shutters, a white picket fence. A very spacious garage. Cas pointed out everything that Jack helped pick out, like the granite countertops, and the wallpaper in the hallway.
"The reason why you were ignoring my lecture is of no importance to me," she held her hand closer. Castiel rolled her eyes, handing her phone over with a glare.
"Hm, me too," she kissed his cheek as she passed him in the bathroom. He returned his gaze to the mirror, putting the finishing touches on his hair. His hair was already fine, and Charlie would tease at it later, so this process was pointless, but he needed something to do so he wouldn't fray his nerves thinking about all of the people that would be at tonight's event. A few of the strands that he had carefully teased fell out of place as Lisa threw her top at him, smiling playfully at him in the mirror. He turned with a lazy smile, leaning against the bathroom counter and watching as she undressed. Her body was slim and her short height made her look smaller than he already was. Her hip bones jutted and her stomach was completely flat, the tightness of the dress showed this off, a thin line from top to bottom. Dean kissed her cheek when she was done dressing, leading the way out of the bathroom.
"Alright, my little honeybee, go get washed up for dinner." Castiel took Jack out of Dean's arms and set him on his feet, nudging him towards the door. Jack obliged happily, his little feet clapping on the hardwood.
"Definitely burgers. I want Ellen's burgers and the biggest slice of apple pie they can fit on the plate," Dean said with wide, anticipatory eyes.
"You're a dork," she remarked with a warm little smile. "I kiss you once and now I can't get rid of you," she teased.
"Mm, I have to go," Castiel mumbled between the insistent, sweet kisses that Dean was constantly pressing to his lips. Dean tightened his grip around Castiel's neck, wiggling his legs out from underneath him to wrap them around the mans waist. Castiel huffed an amused laugh through his nose because Dean's tongue was occupying his mouth. Cas relented for a few more seconds, biting his lower lip to hear him moan, swiping his tongue over where his teeth just were.
He used the key for the door, walking in slowly. The room was dark, so Dean reached for the light, assuming he'd gotten there first, he'd always gotten there first. Before his hand could touch the switch, there was an arm stretching across his chest, pressing him to the door, something cold and hard pressing under his jaw, the familiar cold, hard metal of a gun.
Castiel loved it too. Dean got a phone call just minutes after he sent the picture with a message attached that simply said, "
"Miranda," his voice was weak, strained from the pain. He twisted his body painfully to look at her, and a sob caught in his throat. "Miranda. Miranda, wake up!" He shouted, reaching for her as his arms screamed in pain. Her body was covered in blood, a branch impaling the right side of her chest, her stomach pressed to the steering wheel.
"Papa isn't feeling too good, buddy, but your Uncle Sam and cousin Amy are already there waiting for us." Dean understands now why Sam was so insistent on going to the play. He understood a week ago, the denial just took awhile to wear off. Jack took a slow step back, head turned to the bedroom door he knew Castiel was laying in. He looked almost like he was going to walk over, and Dean almost wished he would. He wish Jack would beg Cas to go, beg his father to get up and support him. But Jack deflated, and he took slow steps towards Dean, head tilted to the ground. Because that's too much to put on a kids shoulders.
"Good," Castiel smiled with something between adoration and possessiveness. Dean wasn't sure which one he liked more because they were equally dizzying. "Come, pet, there's too many curious eyes on us." Castiel placed his hand on Dean's lower back and guided him out of the kitchen. Dean wanted to feel embarrassed that he was being guided by Castiel Novak like an obedient little puppy, but all he could feel was the pride swelling inside of him that Castiel Novak wanted him, and fuck if that's not the best feeling ever.
The front of the car had crashed head on into a thick tree, forcing it to compact. Cas' legs were crushed between his seat and the dashboard. His head is leaking steadily with blood, his entire body ached and trembled in pain.
His stomach dropped and his heart stuttered as as the past three days. Dean slipped the phone into his backpack with a click of his tongue, shoving it onto the passenger seat, right over the droplets of blood still staining the seat. The engine started with a little stutter, the wheel cold under the tight grip of his fingers, knuckles white all the way home. The car rattled over uneven parts of the road, his keys jingling from the ignition the only sound filling the car. He parked on the street and walked to the house with his eyes flicking over his shoulder every other second.
"We don't know," Ash shrugged. "They're speculating that it was just a deal gone wrong but Castiel would
"No, with my luck today it'll be laced and I'll just keel over," cas rolled her eyes. Meg snickered but shrugged and let it go.
“You’re bullshitting me, and you know it. Look, man, I love Lisa, okay? She’s awesome, but you two are so different. You can’t give each other what you both need, and that’s okay. I’m sure she’d understand if you just explained it, so why don’t you?”
"Dean," Ash called as his hand landed on the doorknob. He turned his head over his shoulder. "Castiel wanted you to have this. Assured me you know how to use it." Dean sucked in a breath as Ash held out a black handgun. Deans tongue felt too heavy with the amount of questions sitting on top of it, so he simply nodded and turned back to Ash. He gripped the gun, its weight solid against his palm, the metal cold. He flicked his gaze to Ash, the man's eyes scrutinizing Dean's every move. Dean swallowed again as he looked down the gun. He made sure the safety was on, then he tucked it into the waistband of his boxers. He gave Ash a once over then turned back to the door.
"Fuck," he breathed, biting down on his bottom lip when her ass touched his thighs, his dick buried completely inside of her. Cas thinks very briefly of Lisa, and it makes her stomach flutter with pride as she looked down at Dean, watching him struggle to keep his hips still while she adjusts. Then she clenches around him and all thoughts of anyone but Dean are gone and she throws her head back as she started rocking her hips. Dean gripped her hips, stroking over her thighs as she rocked her hips back and forth. She dragged her hands up his stomach and ran her thumb over his nipple, making his hips jerk with a moan.
"No, the girl didn't want to press charges, but that's one of the guys that Castiel sent to the hospital. I guess the car wasn't the main event," he said.
Just as a little curtesy, I'll list the tags pertaining to this chapter just so nothing jumps out at you haha.
"Yeah, because after two glasses, your jokes start to get funnier," Jess teased as she took the bottle from him. He swatted her as she passed, making her laugh. Sam rolled his eyes fondly as he joined Dean in the backyard.
"Turn," Castiel smacked his thigh, impatiently helping Dean onto his stomach. He gripped Dean's hips and pulled him roughly up onto his knees. Dean whined throatily, spreading his knees as he hugged one of the pillows against his chest, resting his head on it. Dean watched this time as Castiel dipped his finger into the pie filling, then he felt the sticky wetness on his rim, Cas' finger prodding gently inside. Dean moaned high pitched and loud when Castiel licked it away, dipping his tongue in, chasing the taste. He nipped at Dean's cheeks as he pressed two wet fingers to his hole, slipping them in slowly, giving Dean ample time to adjust to them before adding a third.
"Hey, buddy!" Sam chuckled, turning his head to watch Jack scramble up the stairs, screaming Amy's name to alert her of his presence. "Hey man." Sam grabbed Dean's hand and pulled him into a hug. Dean slapped his back, returning his brothers embrace.
"Is Castiel dead?" He asked, squeezing his eyes shut. The sigh that Ash released was nearly world shattering.
"God, I can't fucking wait to fuck this mouth," Castiel groaned, thrusting his fingers against Dean's tongue. "Gonna train this beautiful throat to take my entire cock. That sound good?" He slipped his fingers out of his mouth to wrap around his throat, fingers wet with saliva and sticky with filling.
Dean slipped the note into his wallet with a little smile and opened the bag of tomato and cucumber.
Of course that is easier said than done. Dean is distracted all week thinking about that night, replaying every single moment over and over again in his head. Multiple inappropriate boners were had during several classes throughout the week, Dean's dick just might fall off if he jerks off one more time.
"Okay, okay," Cas pulled away again, placing his hand over Dean's face when the man chased him. He pushed his head down gently, earning a very throaty whine. "Come on, you're going to make me late for work," Castiel moved his hand as he sat up as best he could with Dean's legs still wrapped tightly around his waist.
"Yeah, buddy?" Dean set the big cutting board onto the dish rack to dry. He glanced over at his son, noticing the little furrow in his brow and the downward tilt of his chin. "Whats the matter, angel?" Dean shut the tap off and moved to stand beside Jack, gently tilting his head up with a finger under his chin.
"Mm, it was good. Miranda and I have that stupid teachers conference up in Drop Point." Cas shivered dramatically as he took the pie from the counter and walked it to the oven, laughing softly when Dean refused to let go of his waist. "You know I hate that drive. Especially in the dark," he said.
"Yes, yes, please, miss. I want to come, make me come, miss, please," he babbled, pressing his head back against the pillows.
"No," Dean denies confidently, shoving away his anxiety so he could stand and face her. "No, I promise, I'm not cheating on you. It's just complicated. Our relationship was..." He can't finish his sentence.
"Thank you," he said quietly before standing from the bed. Dean was immediately worried that he would leave. He propped himself up on his elbows, his eyes dancing. "Come on, let's go shower." Dean breathed out slowly as he was pulled up from the bed. He guided Castiel to the bathroom on shaky legs, thankful that Bobby was always on them about keeping it clean.
"Yeah." Dean sighed. "See you later." He hung up with that, refocusing his attention on the food. He chopped the rest of the vegetables and poured all of his attention into cooking. He turned up the music again, and eventually Jack joined him, sitting on the counter with his newly built toy train and a mini bag of Doritos to munch on as the stew simmered. Dean washed the dishes he used and wiped off of the counters as he and Jack sang along to the station.
He has to stop halfway through the interview to sob into Bobby's shoulder. He was aware of Bobby and Sam's confused, sympathetic, faces. They had no idea of this part of Dean's life, they had no idea what to do with these strange, sudden pieces of heartbreak, and he didn't blame them.
"I know. Mrs. Harvelle can get you out of detention for cheer, Mrs. Rodgers has a crush on Bobby so I'll make him talk to her about Anna, and don't worry about Lisa, if we ignore her long enough she'll get over it," Dean comforted as he ran his palm up and down Cas' back.
"There we are," Castiel smirked, reclaiming Dean's lips as he rubbed against his prostate, forcing his pleasure out of him in high moans and trembles.
"What movie do you think papa will want to watch?" Jack asked through a mouthful of chocolate chip cookie, the last of the three Sam gave him.
Dean took the car that Bobby had just finished refurbishing to sell. He felt distantly guilty for it but ultimately his priorities were above borrowing his uncle's car. His gun got tucked in the waistband of his jeans and Megs was hidden under the driver's seat when he parked in the back lot of the hotel. He went in through the employee entrance and took the stairs to the third floor.
"Call me if you need anything," he whispered just before shutting off the lights. "I love you," he said, hand on the doorknob. He was met with silence, so he shut the door with a barely audible click. His hand froze on the doorknob, his eyes falling shut as he waited in the daunting silence. What he was waiting for, he wasn't sure. He thought there must be something more. Something more to do, to say, but he was supported only with silence and cold darkness. You can't argue with darkness, it won't respond.
been doing that Meg obviously was. Meg got Cas out of the house more times in the past week than Dean had in the past year, and if that isn't a kick to the fucking chest, Dean isn't sure what is.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean moaned, his nose pressed into her neck, his hips stuttering. She tilted her head down and kissed at his neck as she clenched around him, her belly quivering.
The knife was maybe an inch long and very thin, so Chuck stabbed him about fifteen times before Dean passed out.
"Oh, you're right, that's not good. Okay little guy, let's get you some cream for that nasty rash," Dean leaned back into Cas as he watched the woman work. She checked his eye, his heart, his hips, his height, his weight. She moved him around a lot, sitting and standing him up. She made a few notes on a chart that had Dean wanting to bite at his nails, then she dressed Jack back up and handed him to Dean.
"Cas never liked the violent side of his fathers business, and I fucking hated what we did. I always have. Cas did what he was told because if he didn't Chuck would beat him or... or he'd made cas watch him beat one of the other kids. Usually Anna, Castiel always had a soft spot for Anna."
"I was never expected to go to that." Cas crossed his arms over his chest, scooting backwards on the bed, his nails slowly scratching at his biceps.
He was not going to be the naive girl in the terribly made mafia movie who can't go a single day without thinking of the mysterious and mysteriously scarred guy who screwed him once.
"Meg had friends in town so we went to get a drink. Gosh, Dean, I forgot how good it felt to dance," there was a smile in his voice, a big, carefree smile as Dean was digging his fingernails into his scalp.
"That's good, Dean. I'm proud of you." A shiver ran up his spine as those words left her lips. Goosebumps rose on his skin and he couldn't help the little shake that shot through his knees. The guilt was rising. "I should go get ready for my speech, but," Cas paused as she looked at him, something hesitant in her eyes. He could only imagine what expression he had on his face. "It was really good to see you, Dean." She tossed her cigarette on the ground and crushed it under her heel as she reached into her purse. It was a bittersweet feeling that ran through him when she pulled out two sticks of Peach flavored gum. She offered him one and he took it because he is weak. She didn't say anything else as she walked away, back towards the door where he had set the brick.
He dresses in the blue overall uniform and it takes him five minutes to inhale a bowl of lucky charms and grab the lunch that Castiel had packed him the night prior before he's leaving the apartment. He rolls his eyes down at the brown paper bag when he sees that Cas wrote his name on it with sharpie, and a billion little hearts drawn around it.
"Okay, don't freak out," Dean said to himself as he placed his hands on the steering wheel, breathing heavily. "Don't freak out. Dead guy, bullet wound, injured friends with benefits boyfriend. Fuck!" Dean slammed his hands against the steering wheel until his palms start to hurt. They ache when he wraps his fingers around the wheel, clenching down hard as he forced himself to pull a few steady breaths
“That’s not true, Dean,” Cas said, sliding the smallest bit towards him on the couch. “You helped me through a lot of my depression, you were with me through all of my family drama, I wouldn’t have made it out of that as unscathed without you there. It was just those last few months, when the paranoia of having a rockstar boyfriend doing God knows what, God knows where, with God knows who, started to creep up. I trusted you 100% but it’s hard not to think about the possibilities,” she said.
"Hey." Sam pulled Dean into the house and took the lead to the kitchen. He grabbed two beers from the fridge and slid one to Dean.
." Dean's jaw clenched a little harder before he could catch himself and Meg smirked at the reaction she pulled.
"Can I- another- another finger, please," he asked. Castiel didn't pull away this time. He added another digit alongside the first, spreading them open and wiggling his tongue in between them. Dean gasped, his hips rocking back with little uncontrolled
"I love you too," he whispered in a sickening parallel that made his knees weak. He gripped Jack's hand a little tighter than necessary, and walked him out of the front door. Jack let him buckle him into his booster seat, even though he knew how. Dean took a moment to fix Jack's shoes, teasing the boy gently as he corrected him.
"Oh yeah? Care to show me?" Cas' coy act dropped into something more sensual, and Dean was immediately jumping on board.
Dean gasped, a lick of leather leaving an angry red mark on his chest. Chuck clapped, gesturing for Michael to hit Dean again. The flogger rained down on him twice more and Dean grunted as the pain settled bone deep. His clothes were all cut off, his boxers thankfully left on. His chest was completely red at this point, the slightest breath making his skin ache. Michael hit him again at Chuck's command.
"Oh sure, the nurse will patch me right up and I'll be sent on my merry way where another intolerant asshole will beat the shit out of me because I have the audacity to be comfortable in my own fucking skin," Castiels entire body was shaking as they took another hit.
"Miss, miss, please. I can't, I'm going, I'm going to," he's almost drooling at this point, his arms straining in his restraints. She reached between her legs, his eyes following as she circled her clit. He felt a deep thrill of pride when she threw her head back with a moan.
me here. Why did you show up at that party and tease me in the hallway? Why did you come over to my house? I'm not complaining, I'm just curious," Dean said as Castiel gestured him into the room. Castiel locked the door and stared at it thoughtfully for a full minute as Dean stood there waiting for his answer.
"I love you," he returned, his fingers slipping into the back of Dean's hair and tugging softly so he could connect their lips. Dean all but melted into the kiss, his body sagging in Castiel's hold. Two years in Washington, hiding himself away with just Bobby and Sam to keep him company, Dean had missed Castiel. He missed him more than he thought he could ever miss a single person. Bobby and Sam told him it was unhealthy to obsess like that, and Dean agreed to a certain point, but his feelings always held true. Even when he tried to put himself back out there, his mind always went back to Castiel and he couldn't go through with it. He'd made a few friends, some good friends, but he couldn't bring himself to date or even hook up with anyone.
For the first time in two years, when Dean looks into his husbands eyes, they aren't half dead. They aren't looking through him. He struggled to keep eye contact, so he didn't try. He focused on gathering his and Jack's empty bowls and taking them to the sink to soak.
"That's because I'm not scared of you, Chuck," Dean said, swallowing down the lump in his throat. Chuck huffed, sliding his hand against his chin.
"Of course, I'm so sorry it has to be under these circumstances," she smiled softly as she looked down at Jack. "Please, follow me."
He didn't have to be at the garage for another hour, so he hopped in the shower and took his time under the hot spray of the water. It felt a little pointless because he'll spend his whole day getting covered in grease and oil, but it's really the thought that counts.
Dean is the best at playtime, they find. He does the best car noises, he does a killer Elmo impression, and he can make Jack smile by simply raising his eyebrows.
"It's real, it's real, it's real," he sprang back. Dean shuffled a bit closer, peering down into the carseat.
"Yes, Garth, my boyfriend packed my lunch. He could have written another mans name or 'pretty Princess' and I wouldn't care, because inside this bag?" Dean opens it and pulls out a meatball sandwich wrapped in Saran Wrap, a bag of Doritos, and a can of Coke. "Is Heaven," he says, moaning excessively as he unwraps his sandwich.
He turned the ten minute drive into seven, and when Siri told him he'd reached his destination, his jaw went slack and his eyes bulged out. Castiel's car, which was riddled with bullet holes, the passenger door caved in, the bumper barely hanging on, was being hauled into the back of a moving truck. There was a guy laying in a pool of red, face in the dirt, and Castiel was pressing a towel to his hip, completely soaked through with blood. Dean set the car in park and watched as Castiel limped over and slipped into the passenger seat. Dean looked over to the guy on the road, and Castiel tapped his leg.
warnings for this chapter: inappropriate use of pie; slight possessiveness; top cas/bottom dean; dirty talk; praise kink; some hand around throat action; finger sucking; some intimate action between Charlie, dean, and a third party that I am incredibly jealous of even though none of this really happened. Okay bye.
"Yeah," his collar got tighter as he glanced down at the ground, unable to hold her stare and not buckle beneath it.
"Relationships are a two way deal, Dean. Even just hookups. You put a certain amount of effort in and you can expect the same amount back. If this guy is being secretive but expects you to keep going back, then he's not a guy you should be spending your time worrying about. That simple," Bobby shrugged and turned back to the engine.
. Dean opened his mouth to inquire further, but Castiel was already speaking again. "You have a beautiful body and you look fucking edible when you play basketball." Castiel turned away from the door, stepping into Dean's space until Dean was left with his back pressed to the wall. "Trying as hard as I can not to sound like a complete creep, I've been watching you for quite awhile," Dean's eyes fluttered as Castiel dipped his head towards his neck, his lips ghosting over his skin. One of his hands slid to his lower back, keeping him close, the other tangled in his hair, not gripping, just yet.
"Four," he says, rubbing his hands over his face. "I'm sorry, Lisa, I saw her at the event and now, I, I can't stop," he's one octave away from whining.
"It's stupid and cheesy but I thought you'd like it," Dean shrugged as Cas started flipping through the photo album Dean put together. It went in order of the years. The first few pages were in their shitty one bedroom apartment, early years of their first dates, the first night Castiel stayed over, and Cas' pride week outfits. Then Jack appeared, laying on Castiel's chest fast asleep, cas smiling wide as his hands hovered over where Jack was taking his first steps, first days of school, arts and crafts gone wrong when
Dean laughed, swaying a little on his feet, bumping into Cas, slightly tipsy from all the wine he drank, but mostly bubbly from the easy atmosphere they've created for themselves. Dean feels like he's floating on his feet at this point.
He glanced to Jack as Sam was talking about the theme of Amy's party. He watched his son laugh and play with his cousin and a few other children there. He watched his son be a kid for an hour until they had to go home and that kid would remember that half of his support system was a cold, distant shadow of a man, shackled to his bed by his own volition.
"Be careful!" Dean said over his shoulder as he started upstairs again. He walked into his room, dropping his backpack at the door. The door clicked shut as Dean's feet froze in front of the door. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up as Meg smiled at him from his desk chair.
"I just think you should apologize to Lisa for stealing Dean," Abigail said as she caught up to Castiel.
"Yeah, here sounds good. I'll um, fire up the barbeque? We can cook those hamburgers sitting in the fridge?" He asked.
"First and foremost," she said as she slipped her hands into a pair of gloves. "We'll make sure that this little fellow is doing okay.“
"Sorry, doll, if you want to cum you'll have to do it on my tongue or on my cock," he said before he was fucking his tongue back in, one hand gripping Dean's ass, the other dragging feather light touches along the inside of his thighs, ghosting over his balls. Dean whimpered, grinding his hips back against Castiel's mouth, his thighs trembling, his stomach clenching against the fire churning in his gut. He stretched his arms over his head, hands clenching into the sheets as Castiel graciously pressed a finger in alongside his tongue.
"Hand off," the voice demanded roughly. The boy instantly released his hold and backed up a bit. "If I ever see or hear about you trying to pressure someone into sitting on that pathetic dick of yours, I will bash your head in, do you hear me?" The boy nodded quickly, tripping over his own feet as he turned to walk away.
"Whatever you decide, man. My doors always open, you know that," Sam insisted, reaching over the counter to squeeze Dean's shoulder. Dean nodded, his eyes heavy with emotional exhaustion.
"I think," Chuck leaned in to whisper in his ear. "I'll take an apology from right back here," he said, his hands dipping lower. "But I am not a monster, so I'll have Michael get you ready for me while I attend to some other business," Chuck slapped his ass once, then left the room.
"His sister?" Dean asked, biting his tongue after the fact. Chuck sighed, his tongue swiping over his teeth.
Dean was practically suffocating the entire time because Mark insisted on missionary style but barely held his weight up. His thrusts were shallow and about a state and a half away from his prostate. Then, when he came, he stopped. He rolled off of Dean, which was a relief to his lungs, but he didn't have the decency to see if Dean himself got off.
"We have to leave in thirty minutes. Jack's already ready," Dean said, taking the button up off of the hanger and reaching for Castiel. He pulled back with furrowed brows. "What's wrong?" Dean asked again.
"So tone deaf," Sam huffed out the rest of his laughter before his face fell again. "She remembers that weekend we flew out to California for Mandy's fathers funeral. She remembers swimming at the hotel, playing games with Mandy in the room, going to the movie theatre. I showed her pictures from that trip and she stared at Mandy for the longest time before she looked up, smiled, and said, 'I'm glad I remember her'."
Dean settled into the driver's seat of the impala, swallowing down the lump that formed in his throat once the silence settled. He watched students leaving the school, getting in their cars, walking down the street, his eyes scanning every inch of the lot. He leaned over the center console, using his key to unlock the glove compartment. A burner phone sat inside, under a mess of papers, with only one message on it. The same message that he's been sent for the past three days.
"You went upstairs like two minutes ago" Charlie snickered. Dean glared at her, rolling his eyes then taking another generous swig.
"Okay, we reviewed the note, the birth certificate, and all records on file for Kayla Warren, we stay in close contact with the sheriffs station, so they're trying to track her down as we speak. For now, while we wait for the results, which is really all we can do, since your name is on the birth certificate and the mother claims you as the father, you will be able to take Jack home. You'll have to sign a lot of papers before you leave, and someone will go by your apartment tomorrow just to do a wellness check, but other than that, all we can do is wait," Miss Talbot explains. Dean sighs out heavily, pressing his nose gently against Jack's head.
"I tried but it's all booked up and I would absolutely sleep in the car if Miranda wasn't pregnant," he said.
There was a squeal of tires, and the slide of a door and Dean barely got the gun from his waist when a hand clamped over his mouth. The gun fell from his hand, clattering to the asphalt as the engine of the van idled. There was one man behind him, an arm around his stomach, a hand over his mouth. Another man crouched inside of the van, holding the door open, trying to grab at Dean's flailing legs. Dean kicked at the air, managing to plant his foot at the top of the door. He bent his leg, then pushed back as hard as he could. The guy around him stumbled, crashing back into Bobby's car. Dean distantly heard the glass of the window shatter. Dean drew his hand back, weaving into the guys hair as he tilted his head and bit down on his ear. There was a pained grunt and the metallic taste of blood in Dean's mouth. Someone shouted something that Dean couldn't hear over the beating of his own heart. He looked up, but the barrel of a gun was slamming down onto his forehead and he was thrown off the edge of orientation. His vision blurred and his limbs went haywire trying as hard as his brain would allow them to fight. There were too many hands now, gripping his legs and his arms, squeezing and tugging until he felt the hard metal of the van's floor.
"After you change, i love you but you're going to look ridiculous walking into a bar as a pride flag," Dean smiled.
"Come on," she whispered, nibbling his earlobe as his hands tightened in her hair. She rubbed her clit faster, her eyes fluttering.
"Morning Cas," Dean smiled, holding out a to-go cup of coffee from the little bakery behind the school.
"Fuck, Ash, you need to give me something!" Dean took a steadying breath, looking towards the door of his bedroom.
Dean took a deep breath before he unlocked the door. The curtains had been opened, the golden light from the setting sun filtering through. The door clicked shut and Dean thinks maybe he's early, maybe that hadn't been his car in the lot.
Dean stared at Castiel long enough for the silence to turn awkward. He cleared his throat when he realized everyone was staring at him.
Alright friends, this is it. I’m sorry for the long wait, life is being…. Well life. It’s a pain in the ass haha
Mrs Benson I'm so sorry about my mother, she's been going through a lot of personal family issues. Please do not call the police, I'll have my brother do your yard this weekend to show you our thanks.
"Don't be," he looked up at the ceiling, taking a deep, steadying breath. It's his fault. His fault for falling in love with Castiel. Nevertheless, he'd do it again if he could.
"Don't make promises you can't keep, hon," she chuckled wetly. "Listen, while I can still talk, I need you to pull up your voice memos. Let me leave something for Sam and Amy," she said.
A phone call in the middle of the night leaves Dean sitting on his bed as the time ticks towards 4am, a gun on his bedside table, and the absolute fact that he won't be sleeping anytime soon.
Cas fought his way to consciousness. His vision was completely blurred and tinged with red, his entire head felt terrible heavy, his body trembling and shaking from what he assumed was cold. It was so cold. The red in his vision was blood, it stained his fingers when he touched his forehead and drew his hands back. He rubbed at his eyes with dirt smeared hands until his vision become more clear.
"I have to go, doll. You be good now, okay?" He patted Dean's hand and went to pull away. Dean gripped his hand tight and pulled him back, his wounds pulling.
"I need two minutes in this bed with you," he started, cupping Cas' face, "just lying here with your arms around me, then you're going to fuck me until i can't stand."
to be funny," Dean threw his hands up. Cas thought about it for a second, slowly looking back at the car seat. He bent down and gently touched it, pulling back when it snuffled.
"Because then Jack would have been left on the doorstep of someone else's home while we were in a cozy two bedroom?" Cas shrugged.
"Just, um, having a rough time with anxiety. Too many people, too much noise, I was feeling a bit out of body," he explained, unable to look away from her. He was afraid to look anywhere other than her eyes but he couldn't help looking down at her dress. It was a silk, a deep emerald green, reaching down to the floor. There was a slit at the right side, draped open around one leg. He had to look away when he got there, that guilt twisting in his gut again. She was watching him still, and his cheeks flared up under the attention. "I wouldn't have expected to see you here," he said, trying not to flat out ask 'what the hell are you doing here?'.
"He's three months old, if she got pregnant that night, that was almost a year ago, it adds up," he shrugged.
"I'm going to the bathroom," he whispered in Lisa's ear as he stood. She gave him a slight nod before returning her attention to Benny. Dean clenched his jaw and blinked a few times as he walked to the bathroom. Maybe he could sneak out for a smoke before the next speaker came on.
It's surprising him too, though it really shouldn't. She has taken him apart piece by piece then carefully reassembled him, adding pieces of herself to make him whole.
"I'd like to say one more thing if I may?" Jack asked the judge, the man gesturing for him to continue, his face was steel but his eyes were soft. Jack smiled at him, then looked towards his parents. "For what it's worth, you'll never meet better parents than my dads. I could list a hundred things that makes them amazing parents, but all I really have to say, is I have never once questioned their love for me. I might be young, but I know what love, and support, and stability means, because I have really good dads. I won't get that with Kayla, and I'd much rather stay in my loving home. Thank you," Jack nodded his head once and threw a questioning look at Bela. She nodded for him to get off of the stand and he did so quickly. He ran across the courtroom and threw his arms around both Dean and Cas' shoulders. They hugged him back tightly, both of them trying to hold back tears.
"Cas," Dean's back arched, his eyes fixed on Castiel as he licked the cum from his chest, his fingers curled, searching. Then, Castiel gripped Dean's chin with his free hand and forced his mouth open. He raised one eyebrow, his gaze flicking down to his mouth. It took Dean a moment to realize what he was asking, then he was moaning and nodding enthusiastically. Castiel's eyes danced as he leaned down and slowly opened his mouth. Dean's release slipped from Cas' tongue onto his own, warm and slightly salty. Dean took it all with an appreciative hum. Castiel leaned in the rest of the way and pressed his lips to Dean's for the first time that night, sharing Dean's release between their tongues, swallowing down the boy's moans and little whimpers.
"Yes," It took all of his concentration to whisper that one word, then his brain started turning to mush as Castiel started pushing in. Dean didn't get a good look at it, but three fingers did nothing to prepare him for the mind blowing sensation of being split open on Cas. He held his breath when Cas pushed in a bit more, his hips unintentionally tensing. Castiel's hand landed softly on his stomach, fingers spreading out.
"Um, I don't know," he said, his head fuzzy as Castiel pressed slightly open mouthed kisses around his hole, not yet touching.
Jack played the tin man in Hilltop Elementary's rendition of wizard of oz. Dean, Sam, and Amy gave him a standing ovation when he took his final bow. His teacher had nothing but the highest of praise for the boy, and Dean was basking in fatherly pride all night. Jack was all smiles and giddy energy by the time they reached the McDonalds they decided to celebrate at. Jack and Amy raced off to the play structure the moment Dean and Sam allowed them to.
"Come on, buddy." Dean gathered his keys and wallet from the counter and headed out of the kitchen. He paused in the doorway, glancing over his shoulder at his husband. "I'll see you later?" He can't breathe through the uncertainty in his voice.
"Watch yourself Miss Novak or you'll be rolling your eyes in detention." Castiel sighed, crossing her arms over her chest and sinking a bit in her chair.
"You're saying, compared to every other person you've hook up with, they were all single flavors and Cas is multi-flavored?" She asked, furrowing her eyebrows.
"You know you're amazing for this, right?" Dean asked as he moved to sit, throwing his legs over the edge of the bed.
"And you've been away too long Gabe, you're stance is off," she gave a sly giggle before she was sweeping Gabriel off balance and taking his gun. Gabriel stumbled, crashing to the floor. Meg sent a shot to the blonde guys back, then she was stepping behind Dean, holding him by his hair and pressing the gun to his temple. Dean's eyes squeezed shut as her finger wrapped around the trigger.
"I'm not trying to control you, Dean, but if you want to be mine I can't have you kissing girls like that. Now, what you do with Charlie, I think I can let that slide, but anything else will result in the termination of this..." Castiel trailed off, gesturing down at them, at the point of contact between Dean's desperate little grinds against Castiel's hand. "This new little arrangement we're indulging in. Understood?" Castiel loosened his grip on Dean's face, his fingers dragging across Dean's bottom lip before settling around his throat again.
"So, what's on the drive?" Dean asked, brows furrowed. Ash snapped his fingers, picking up one of the laptops and turning it to Dean.
"It's going to be okay, Dean," Sam whispered, his own eyes hot with sympathy. Dean shook his head, overwhelmed by pain and heartache, he felt nauseous with it. Sam barely grabbed the trash can in time for Dean to throw up into it, heaving and gagging around his heartache.
"I can't be with Lisa regardless of whether you take me back or not," he sighed, tilting his head down a bit. "she needs something that I can't give her and I need something she can't give me. It's too hard."
Dean was practically vibrating out of his skin by the time Castiel pulled into the parking lot of a hotel he'd been in only once with his father and Sam when they came to visit Bobby during spring break when he was eleven and Sam was seven. Castiel seemed to know what he was doing, so Dean stood back with his hands buried in pocket, watching Castiel retrieve a key from the woman at the front desk.
Lisa and Jess polish off a bottle and a half of wine, giggling and bantering all through dinner. Dean switches to whiskey at one point and manages to smile and laugh after one glass. He's almost proud when Sam stops throwing hidden glances his way. He's almost proud that he has masked his emotions well enough that Sam thinks he's had a great time. He argues when Sam says the hamburgers are too spicy, banters when Lisa agrees, and high fives Jess when she says they're perfect. They wave them away with leftovers and the promise of doing it against soon.
"I'd rather stay home with you," Jack mumbled, turning back to Cas, wrapping his arms around him waist and burying his face in his stomach. Cas pressed his hands to Jack's back and rubbed it softly.
"But papa smiled at that lady." Jack struggled to convey his confusion. "Does he love her more than us? He took her to see fish and he smiles on the outside for her." Deans heart constricted so tightly he thought he might stop breathing. He cupped Jack's cheeks and gently forced eye contact with the boy.
"Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!" Meg stood up, pointing her gun at Castiel. Gabriel used her distraction as leverage, grabbing the gun and pointing it at the ceiling. The gun went off twice before Gabriel managed to get it out of her hands.
Please be warned, a rape occurs here against Anna, it is not very graphic but it does happen so proceed with caution if that is a possible trigger for you
"You need me?" Castiel reached up and gripped Dean's chin, his thumb and two fingers digging into his cheeks and forcing his attention up. "Did you need Lisa Braeden?"
, but I'm supposed to be in the gym with the team. Bobby will notice if I'm not there," he said, looking all levels of regretful.
"Maybe loose the glasses?" They shove them off and they landed on the floor with a clatter. "Maybe I should just drop the 'they/them' bullshit, it is pretty demanding and unfair of me to expect people to call me anything other than what I was assigned at birth. I was raised being called he/him, so why should it bother me?"
"Okay," Dean drew out the word, looking towards the floor for a second. "I can talk to her if you want," Cas scoffed as she stepped into the elevator, half expecting Dean to follow her. He stood just outside of it, his eyes flicking between hers and anywhere but hers. "Or I can just leave you alone. I'm not trying to like, be pushy or anything, I get it if you're not interested."
Dean turned the shower on and Castiel guided him in when steam started pouring over the curtain. It was slightly surreal that Castiel Novak, the guy who has supposedly stabbed someone, the guy who destroyed a teachers car with a baseball bat, the guy who threatened a student with a (albeit fake) gun, was standing behind him in the shower gently dragging a loofah along his skin. Castiel washed him up as gently as his calloused hands could, caressing every inch of Dean's body, his lips pressing warm kisses along his back and shoulders.
"Anna," he called softly, trying to catch her eyes. She looked through him when their eyes caught. "Can you hear me?" He whispered.
"I know you had that appointment set up for him, did he go?" Sam asked, glancing towards the kids every now and then. Dean looked down at the table, tracing Ronald McDonald head a few times.
Cold, distant eyes squinted down at the pants Dean had just put on him, then he looked up questioningly.
"Knock knock," a low voice said from the door. A tall man in an FBI vest walked in slowly, giving them a small smile. "Castiel Novak, time to go" he said. Castiel looked down at Dean's hand and smiled, something despondent in his eyes.
His drink was bitter and made him shiver with the first few sips, but as time passed dancing with Charlie, he slowly started to loosen up. Charlie put her hands on his hips and they grinded together with vodka coated laughter mingling between them. Her pale face was sparkling with the glitter that surely fell when she was doing her eyeshadow. Dean ran his thumb against her cheekbone, gathering a bit of the fallen glitter and swiping it against his own cheek. Charlie threw her head back with a laugh, repeating his action to his other cheek.
"Okay, I have to be at school by 7 and the latest I leave is 3:30, so if you drop Jack off at daycare before work, that puts him there from 10 to 4, that's 6 hours, with $15 an hour, we'll be looking at roughly $450 a week. It might be slightly lower because we have a fixed schedule and I get out early on Wednesday's, but that's a rough guess."
"Dean," she cooed his name as she got up from the armchair and pulled him into her arms. "I'm not mad at you, I promise," she whispered with her fingers carding through his hair. He surrendered to her comfort, thankful that she was so understanding and kind. She's right, it was always going to hurt, but things will be better for the both of them when they have people who can give them what they need.
They called John Winchester abusive. They called him paranoid and unfit. They called him crazy. Right now, he's the only reason Dean is going to survive.
"Mhm, that's how I got daddy to marry me. I made him a cherry pie and he couldn't say no," Castiel said, nudging Jack's elbow.
When she told him that she couldn't handle being alone anymore, he didn't know what to do. He had been defensive where he should have been reassuring, he was cold where he should have been accepting, he was hurt where he should have been comforting. He was too stubborn to fight when she ended it. She was right. He knows that now. He left her messages unread for weeks before calling her when the need hit him. It wasn't fair, it was her holding their relationship together for those last few weeks.
He raised the gun and sent a shot to the guy's knee. He walked forward, gripping the guy's wrist so his gun wasn't pointed at him, and slammed his gun down on his temple. He slumped over, his gun falling into Dean's free hand. Dean flicked the safety on and stuffed it into his waistband as he ran quietly down the hall, searching for a phone or an exit. The moment he rounded the corner, a shot was fired at him. He jerked back, the bullet blowing through the wall.
"So what? Y'all are fwb?" Dean looked up with a grimace, Bobby was smiling at him with all of the hilarity of an old uncle trying to embarrass his nephew with slang.
"Nope," Castiel gently pushed Dean off of her and got off of the bed, slipping her panties back on just as someone knocked on the door. Cas ran up to the door and opened it with a little smirk.
"I need a drink," he grumbled, shoving her into the house first. Charlie's laughter was muffled by the music pouring from the speakers set up around the living room. She gripped Dean's wrist as they moved through the mass of bodies populating Lisa's living room and kitchen. Bobby's rules were always swimming around Dean's head, and they were good rules. He watched the guy pouring drinks carefully as he poured two for him and Charlie. Then he placed his hand over his cup as he watched the guy pour them shots. Dean clinked glasses with Charlie, took a cursory bite into his lemon slice, downed the shot, then sunk his teeth into the lemon, chasing away the sting with the acid.
"Dean!" He flinched hard, looking back to Castiel, who was clenching his teeth hard, his jaw flexing with it. "Drive," he said, softer. Dean shakily put the car into drive and started forward. "You'll see a stop sign soon, turn left," Castiel instructed. They drove for about fifteen minutes before Castiel directed Dean down a long dirt path. At the end of it was a cabin, two stories and probably beautiful in the daylight.
"I'm a little hurt but if you can't come, it's okay. I just, I can't drive my car right now and my ride is a little busy," he said.
can do, there's definitely nothing you can do. I know you're worried but, if Cas is alive, he's sure as shit not going to let Chuck win."
"Only if I get to eat a little bit of it. I love pie," Dean said offhandedly. Castiel chuckled, nodding his head.
"Not today, Winchester, I'm not in the mood," Castiel grumbled, taking another hit, the end of the joint blazing red.
Castiel removed his hand from Dean's hair, Dean's head lolling back against Castiel's shoulder. Then Castiel's fingers were at his lips and he opened his mouth to latch onto them. The taste of cherry was a shock to his taste buds and a moan got muffled in his throat when he realized what it was. He sucked hard on Cas' fingers, gripping his wrist, swirling his tongue around and between them, savoring the taste of cherry pie filling.
"Fuck, ah!" Miranda's hands fell from the wheel to press against her stomach, the car lurching forward again as she pressed on the gas.
"I, I don't think so. No one was behind me on the dirt roads," Dean said, swallowing down the lump in his throat. "Are you Ash?"
"Are you okay?" He asked, holding Dean's wrist in his open palm and running his thumb over the reddened skin. His calloused hands were surprisingly gentle.
“It’s okay now,” Dean whispered, looking down at their hands. “It’ll be okay now.” Cas leaned over their hands and pressed her forehead to his shoulder. She wouldn’t do anything while Dean was still in a relationship, and he knew that. So, he settled for resting his temple on her head, closing his eyes as she breathed against his arm.
She walked to her AP English class and was scolded about being prepared for class when she asked the teacher for a pen. She took the pen with red cheeks, most of the class staring at her. She was told something again because of how "aggressively" she took the pen. She sat down nonetheless, trying to force the blush out of her cheeks.
"The gate was unlocked!" Cas defended, making Meg giggle a little louder. Dean turned to go back to bed and leave Cas and Meg at the door, but as soon as he turned, he saw Jack staring at them from the bottom on the stairs. Dean really hopes he didn't see the officer but by the look on his face, he's not betting on it.
Also, I use the word "cum" instead of "come" i don't know if that bothers anyone, I know a lot authors use one or the other and I can't figure out why lol. I live in a little bubble so if it bothers anyone let me know :)
when you were only eight years old. It was a Friday, the day your mom usually took you to your grandmas house," Castiel said.
"Ha. Ha," Dean rolled his eyes. " I'm serious though, do you think we should move? We can certainly afford at least a two bedroom," Dean said.
When he sets it in the fridge in the back office at the garage, he doesn't dare try to hide his name. He even takes a picture, lovingly pointing his middle finger at it, and sends it to cas with a message attached saying, 'you're ridiculous'. Cas texts back a heart emoji.
"Me too," Dean shook his head, placing his hands on Castiel's hips, holding his husband close. "But we have no choice. Until our next court date when they let Jack tesifty, we just have to show that we're cooperating. Plus, she's missed three visits and Bela started supervising again because she kept him longer than she was allowed. It doesn't look good and Sam is really confident that they'll give us full custody," Dean said, rubbing his thumbs in comforting circles at Cas' hips.
"Thank you," Castiel returned her smile and guided Dean over to the chairs. Dean sat stiffly, gently shushing Jack when he cried. His foot tapped incessantly on the floor, his knee shaking up and down with it. Cas gently slid his hand onto his knee and he slowed down the movement but didn't stop. He laid his cheek on Jack's head, slowly rocking him.
"Um, no, not tonight." Dean turned back around, worrying his bottom lip as his nails dug into the underside of the counter.
"He called me a twink, that's why I punched him. I fucking hate that," Dean said, breathing shakily as he gripped Castiel's belt loops, his back arching off of the wall.
"Of course," she takes her hands off of him and he tries not to look too desperate when he reaches for her again. She takes his hand and allows him to link their fingers together as he slumps slightly, regaining his bearings.
"Maybe." Cas didn't look at him when he answered so Dean took it as a no. He nodded his head and pushed away from the counter.
chocolate cake!"). Castiel's hands were cold as they slipped beneath Deans tee shirt, and he inhaled sharply at the contact. Goosebumps rose on his skin as he let his head fall back, Cas' lips working over his neck and jaw.
"You know what's-" Dean stopped himself, his anger slowly melting into absolute frustration and despair. "You don't know shit, Meg. Not about me, not about my son, and definitely not about my husband." He turned to the car and swung the door open, settling into the drivers seat with a silent huff. Meg glared at him with her arms crossed the entire time as he was pulling out of the driveway.
"Tighten that bolt there," Bobby pointed, standing up straight with a grunt, his back popping. Dean leaned down and tightened the one he pointed to, swiping sweat from his brow with his forearm. Bobby started talking about what they needed to do, and Dean listened intently as he gulped down some water. The sun was blazing down on them today, Dean's surprised Bobby is still even standing next to him and not just shouting orders from the porch.
"Good. I passed my geometry quiz. Got an A," he said with a convincing smile as he hovered near the bottom of the stairs.
Her fingers bite at his chest as she rides him, her head thrown back in bliss. Then she's looking down at him with something wild and heated in her eyes.
"I love it, you asshole," Cas said, voice shaky. Dean chuckled, wrapping his arms around Castiel's waist, holding him tightly. "I love it so much, and I love you," cas pulled his head back so he could press his lips to Dean's, kissing him hard and passionately.
"Thank you!" Sam yelled, the screen door closing behind him. Dean shook his head, turning his attention back to the car.
"Dean, if you need something that I can't give you, I'll understand that. It's obviously going to hurt, but things will be so much better for both of us if we have partners that can give us everything we need," she said. Dean looked up slowly, his teeth worrying his bottom lip, his eyes probably bloodshot.
Dean was led out of the house and down the street. His phone was buzzing in his pocket, but he didn't dare reach for it as Castiel opened the door of a Lincoln continental, gesturing Dean into the passenger seat. He got in without a fuss, taking a moment to breathe as Castiel rounded the car to get in the driver's seat.
"I don't think so, I have homework and I'm pretty worn out from the game," Dean said, trying to pull his wrist from the boy's grip.
"It's only for a few hours and Mrs. Talbot will be there the whole time," Dean said, dropping the rag in his hand so he could nudge Jack's chin.
"Dean," Castiel was in front of him between blinks, his hands on Dean, making him slump. "You're okay, you're going to be okay." Castiel cupped his cheek, his face twisted up with concern. All Dean could feel in that moment was relief, even as he was still bleeding out.
"Don't be sorry, you're doing so well. Come on, that's enough for today," Castiel pulled Dean up from his pillow on the floor and guided him to straddle him on the hotel chair. Dean placed his hands on Castiel's shoulders as Cas guided him down onto his cock. Dean let Castiel set the pace, as he always did, letting his head fall back and allowing Castiel to pull his pleasure from him.
"If he's not my son, I think I might lose it, Cas," Dean said, reaching over to grab Castiel's hand. Cas turned his palm up and laced their fingers together with an understanding nod.
"Dean!" The shout made him flinch. He looked up from his phone, everything slightly blurry before he focused in on who said his name. Lisa was staring at him, chuckling softly at his disorientation.
"No." Deans tone didn't allow for any argument. "I'm not abandoning him in some loony bin, I'd loose him for good."
"Don't," Dean cut Charlie off, raising a hand to stop her. "Just don't because it'll just confused us more."
“I’m so sorry, Cas, I shouldn’t have neglected our relationship like I did. I was distracted and arrogant, and I stupidly thought that you’d always be there. You were always there for me and I was never there for you,” he whispered, meeting her thumb with his own, gently pressing them together.
"You slept with him during comp week after Mrs. Harvelle threatened my position on the team," Lisa said.
"Thank you, you're the best," Castiel blew her a kiss as she closed the door. She locked it and walked back to the bed, throwing one of the condoms at Dean, keeping one of the lube packet and dropping the rest. Dean slipped his boxers off and ripped the condom packet open. Castiel crawled onto the bed and straddled Dean's thighs as he rolled the condom on. She slicked him up with the lube and braced one hand against his chest, holding him still with the other as she sank down onto him.
"It sure is," Dean smiled softly as the door was pushed open. He took a steadying breath before calling out, "Cas, we're home!" Jack ran inside, his eyes darting everywhere. Dean pushed the door closed and slid the deadbolt into place.
Dean wanted to think it was ironic how beautifully put together the house was compared to the violent people who occupied it. The stunning, no doubt expensive artwork and crystal fixtures adorning walls that could probably spew story after story of different horrors.
"Hey, don't start something you can't finish," Dean said, rubbing his ass with a coy look over his shoulder. Castiel chased him into the bathroom with a smirk.
"Dad!" Dean flinched as Jack came sprinting into the garage, out of breath with red cheeks. Dean nearly knocked himself out on the hood of a vintage corvette he was rebuilding.
