He lowers his hands. They still burn with the warmth of Castiel’s palm and fingers. “Good night,” he says.
Castiel closes his eyes briefly. “I’ve often wondered how that would feel,” he says.
“I’m not saying you have to be or do anything in particular. I mean… I don’t know just what it is between you guys…” Sam shakes his head. “It’s not even worth thinking about, really. But you do need to be with him. Especially now. Especially when that vampire is trying to do God knows what, and Dean’s gonna go along with it, because he thinks that’s all he knows how to do.”
On to the next book.
Benny frowns at her. “What does that mean?”
Dean looks up. He’s been in his room for only a few minutes, putting away his things after their latest road trip, and he was just about to kick his feet up onto the bed and get some shut-eye. He thinks he can sleep now, knowing he’s come back from the brink. When he curls his fingers he can still feel the outline of the Blade, but he could let go when it was important, and that gives him some peace of mind.
Castiel knows the walk well, that easy, side-by-side gait that takes them to the motel room door. Even if anyone were watching, nobody could pick up on the tension, the urgency swirling in the air around them. At least, that’s the idea.
But Cas doesn’t seem to come around. And in a world without sunlight, where innocent people go mad and become killing machines every single day,* it’s hard to keep your hopes up about anything. Nobody’s got the time to heal a broken friendship these days.
“Look,” Dean says. “I don’t want to screw anything up here. But I had to say something. Go ahead and tell me you’re straight and I swear I won’t say another word.”
“Yeah, you did.” Dena’s smile does something to Castiel’s insides. “Thanks. For sharing.”
“How you feeling, man?” Dean says in a low voice. He sounds far closer than Castiel had assumed him to be.
God, huh? Charlie has trouble believing that. For one thing, angels or no angels, she’s sticking with agnosticism for now. Cause if the angels are gonna be the way they are in these books, she doesn’t much want to believe that their daddy’s around. Guy must be a sunovabitch.
A window blows open. Salt lines on the floor before them scatter.
“The darkness,” Castiel says, “is traveling faster.”
“I don’t even know what it is,” Dean complains, still a little too loud, as though he’s trying to talk over a crowd. “I can’t hear myself think. Actually, that’s probably a good thing. But you’re all thinking so
Castiel looks expectant. Dean can’t resist that look any longer, so he decides to play it for laughs. “What the fuck,” he says, “I’ve killed angels and drunk beers with God, you think I’m scared of another dude’s mouth?” And roughly, he grabs Castiel by both arms and hauls him in.
She drops her e-reader, puts her head in her hands, and cries.
“It feels good to me,” Castiel says. He moves his hand back again, curling over Dean’s head. It’s almost hypnotic. “I like being able to touch you. For a long time I thought–”
“Not exactly,” Castiel says. “Perhaps I’ll show you, the next time I gather.”
“I hate you all, you know that,” Dean says, trying his best to look murderous.
Instead, he gets applause. It’s just Sam at first, but Mom and Bobby join in, and before long it’s the whole room that’s clapping. Dean looks around slowly, sure he’ll meet with laughter, teasing gazes. But there’s no laughter, no smirks (okay, Sam is smirking
“Cheers,” Castiel replies.
“Don’t you think I should ask him that?” Aaron turns to the golem. “Do you want a name? Do you want to be free?”
Oh, maybe not. “Um, no.”
“It’s been a very long time,” Castiel says. “Since I… entertained.”
He hums the next note a bare millimeter from Dean’s mouth, and Dean’s lips tilt up to catch it.
The man smiles again, a little wider this time, and he looks a little dorky and a lot cute when he does. The urge to kiss him isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. “From my name, actually.”
He’s unconscious. Locked within his vessel, his muscles limp. Castiel lifts him onto his shoulder and carries him out of the building where he’s been held captive. Maybe his own freedom is waning, but he can at least give Samandriel a taste of it.
“How can I forget?” Castiel offers him a smile, but he feras it’s a sad one. “Angel radio is always on, Dean. I’m always hearing about souls passing, or disasters that require intervention, or … sometimes it’s just bureaucratic nonsense, but it’s always there.”
, too?
Short fics written based on vocabulary prompts. These are all NSFW.
He keeps wondering about Cas. To think a guy like that had been hiding behind that white picket fence for this long. To be fair, Dean figures, it’s as much his fault as Cas’s that they haven’t met before. Dean hasn’t exactly brought over a casserole and said howdy. But damn, the pies he’d have baked if he’d known a man of that caliber was waiting next door.
“So,” Dean says, shutting off the TV and turning to Cas, “what state do you want to get married in?”
“It doesn’t have to be you in danger for you to be nervous,” Castiel notes. “There doesn’t have to be any danger at all. I’m surprised at how nervous I seem to get at the least provocation.”
“I have a birthday present for you,” he says soberly.
“I love you too, my brother,” Castiel replies, reflexively, but Samandriel shakes his head.
“Why now?” Another shrug. Castiel’s face falls. “You’ve just gotten caught up in the moment. You don’t mean it.” His struggle to hide his disappointment would be comical to watch, if it weren’t so painful.
Castiel was sweating, his long dark hair matted and damp. His fists clutched the table’s edge, white knuckles trembling a little when Dean probed around the sides of the wound. “Shouldn’t you be a doctor?”
Damn it, Cas,
A flood of wetness then, Castiel’s mouth taking him in, first the head, then suckling down further. Fingers clasped around the base. Dean fists the blanket, biting his lip. The air is cold against his chest, and his nipples harden. Without thinking, he reaches up to tease one, sending electric shocks deep into his core. “Unh,” he groans, his concentration shattered. Now all that matters is Castiel’s mouth and hands on him, his fingers on his own nipple, the rolls of heat like waves at high tide that wrack his body. Shooting stars could be flying by in droves and he wouldn’t even notice.
Sam hopped indignantly. Castiel petted him, trying to soothe the tortured rabbit. “No, Dean,” he said, trying in vain to erase the lilt from his voice, “you haven’t. That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. We’ve been cursed.”
“Don’t be what way, Dean?” he snaps. “Irritated? Fed up? Sick of your playing games with me?”
Castiel shakes his head. “I’m not sure that’s what I want.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel says. “You don’t have to explain.”
At which point Jared lands on top of both of them and Jensen’s knocked forward again. His forehead takes a long, painful scrape across the carpet, and he howls.
Sam shouts a word in Latin.
“It’s part of the human experience of the season. That was the point of hanging the decorations to begin with, right? To help me learn ‘what it’s all about’?”
“Then what do you want to–”
And they drink, because they’re safe. Because they’re understood, and because Dean’s never once felt like he’s flying and coming home at the same time, but there he is.
It doesn’t. Same old bedroom. Same old quiet night.
“You must excuse me,” Castiel goes on. “I had an early shift this morning, so I came home and put it in the oven, and I’ve only now had the chance to shower.” He brushes back a damp strand of hair. “As you can see.”
A couple of Dean/Cas prompts thrown at me.
“And what do you do, Dean?” He appends the name deliberately, like he particularly wants to say it.
Dean takes a few easy strides, grinning, and comes just an inch too far into Castiel’s personal space. “You have an okay night?” he says. “Looks like you could use a drink.”
“I said,” Dean shouted, “I need to talk to you. About your bees!”
Finally Dean breaks the silence. “What?” he says.
Highways here aren’t even a straight shot for him to floor it on. Too many hills, too many curves. He’d have to pay attention or he’d go off a cliff.
Dean’s face has probably warped into something ridiculous, he knows. But it’s beyond unthinkable. He can’t look at that face, Cas’s face that’s offering him a piece of his own body, after Cas has already given him so much, and just pluck out a feather or five. He can’t cause Cas that pain.
“You’re not crowding me. Come on. Grab a beer, take a load off. Relax.”
The kiss becomes a wrestling match. Dean grabs him by his coat and hauls him in, tangles fingers into his hair, won’t let go until he’s drawn a groan from Castiel’s mouth. If this were a contest of strength alone, Castiel would win – even now he’s got Dean trapped so heavily against the wall that it’s all Dean can do to hold on. But Dean knows things Castiel doesn’t, like how it feels when lips land on your neck, and the noise he draws from Cas when he presses hot stars of kisses there is a victory.
A long time ago maybe Cas would have zapped in. Imparted a few words of wisdom, flown off again. But Cas doesn’t care. If he cared, he would have come along.
“I already said we’re not talking about this,” he says. “What part of no don’t you get?”
Oh-shit.
“Of course I’ll watch over Sam,” you say, in the dark, words unheard. “I’ll watch over both of you.”
“Oh,God.” She’s back to reading from between her fingers. “Stop Twilighting him, you creeper.”
Dean’s spirit sinks a little at that. He’d meant to come over and give the guy a piece of his mind, but to make him give up his hobby? Something he’d dreamed of all his life? Dean isn’t that heartless. Not to mention that would absolutely shoot to hell any chance he might ever have with this guy, his good-looking neighbor with the weird name and the weird hobbies and the blue eyes that are bigger than any Dean had ever seen outside a cartoon. Seriously, they’re about to bug out of his head.
“Cas,” Dean barks, rolling his eyes. “Sit.”
“Dean,” and the name is a word of warning, “I am an angel. I did not take this body with permission, and I won’t…”
“I suppose you’re right.” Cas stares him right in the face, all the fidgeting gone in an instant. “Dean, I love you.”
Castiel shakes his head. “All that interested me was here.”
Your legs will stop being able to hold you, and you’ll sink, his arms strong as they guide you down. But you don’t want to lie beneath him, not when you’ve dreamed this long and this hard about touching  him. You move your lips to his neck, his ear, and he clutches you tight, moaning, as you settle beside him, then on top of him. He’ll look up at you, eyes blown wide open with surprise and desire, and you’ll slide a hand up under his shirt and ask permission.
Castiel looks him over for a minute, and Dean gives him the best dagger-stare he can muster. God, he doesn’t want to hate this guy’s guts. Not when his outsides are so damn nice. But bees are bees. He sticks one leg out, pulls up the jeans around his ankle to show the mark. Castiel stares at it, then up at Dean’s face. Slowly, his mouth and eyes go round with horror.
And maybe they are, too.
“What?” Dean’s fingers falter on Castiel’s wing.
Dean’s the last person in the world to do any of this, and yet he finds himself doing it.
“Not surprised,” Gabriel says, turning in toward him. Their chests bump, skin against silk, heat bleeding through. Gabriel reaches out and locks his hands on Dean’s waist. “I like it too.”
Castiel has no idea what he means. Dean’s infuriating, at the least. Sam was the one who did most of the selling, at first – if Dean had done it, with his off-color comments and his insistence on referring to Castiel as “Cas” from first meeting – Castiel’s not sure he would have taken the Winchester Brothers up on their offer to remodel the place. He doesn’t regret it, though. For all the frustration, they have done a hell of a job so far.
Dean chuckles. “C’mon. Wake up.”
“And?” he prompts, when the silence has gone on too long.
Cas shakes his head and turns away. “You’re right. It’s awkward.”
“It wasn’t a question.” Benny turns his head, whistles to Castiel, who’s several paces ahead and scouting the terrain for any monsters that might lie in wait. “We’re setting up camp,” he says. “Dean needs some sleepytime.”
And now, a chapter into the new book, and Castiel’s responded in the affirmative to Dean’s calling him a heartless son of a bitch, and demanding that the poor girl Anna has to die, and what happened to the whole scene in the park and Castiel being so almost-nice? This whole thing is not pleasing.
Dean curls an arm around his waist. Gabriel is warm under his fingers, warm where his body presses against the flimsy fabric that he’s conjured up for Dean’s benefit. Dean wants him. He wants Gabriel to take him like this, with silk and gauze whispering against his skin, Gabriel’s hot hands bracing his hips. “Problem is,” he says, kissing the shell of Gabriel’s ear, “I kinda like it.”
Thank you!“
“Yes,” Castiel says, and then, “No. Sam is like a brother. You’re something else.”
“No, she wanted you to go back to her place. Why do you think she was so pissed when you said here was just fine? She wanted you, and you shot her down.”
“Yeah, well say it, party’s waiting.” Dean has half a sub in his mouth. “No need to be shy.”
“Is the gas station open? Cas, is anyone there with you?”
“I suppose,” he answers lamely, and leaves it at that.
Dean lecturing him about the way humans act and how Castiel is doing it wrong. Dean sharing a beer with his brother and then, as though suddenly remembering Castiel is in the room, reaching down to the cooler and holding one up. Dean with his eyes full of glory and fury in the heat of battle. Dean smiling at him like they’ve shared a million misadventures, and they have.
Mariel approaches her cake, and the three men in the room break into a low baritone chorus of “Happy Birthday.” Above and around them, a million stars gleam.
“I was saying,” Dean corrects, “why I keep taking the job.“ He leans in again, like he did before, only now they’re sitting on the couch together and it feels even more intimate. “What can I say? I like Claire, I like the work… and I like her dad.”
“Dean.”
“Please,” Naomi says, and the chorus of angels behind her reach out. “Castiel, we need your wisdom. We need your leadership. Come home to us.”
Dean complains a lot about his back, because yes, the damn sciatica showed up at age 65 as promised by his poker-induced preview. And Castiel never lets him forget that of the two of them, it’s Castiel who’s fallen further, had the most to lose,and so can’t Dean be quiet about his back for a while when Castiel is still adjusting to the idea of chronic pain.
And there’s the worst rub of all. Dean’s actually enjoying his own doom.
Dean’s half-hypnotized, staring at him, every pore in his face so close and his eyes so dark, pupils full and wide. Where Cas touches him he buzzes, almost vibrates with heat and want. Is it all Castiel’s, or is it his own, too? Because along with the want is the pain of holding back, and if it’s Castiel holding back for his sake…
For a moment, in the darkness, he thinks Cas’ shifting on the blanket means he’s going to just that. But the next moment Castiel’s pressing kisses into his neck, hands working up swift and sure inside his shirt. Dean gasps.
Dean's revelation has an effect on Charlie.
“No.” Castiel shakes his head firmly. “It’s my grace. There’s no doubt about it. But my grace has been through a lot, Dean. It’s… not all it was.”
He turns tail and stalks off, followed by a suddenly very nervous and anxious to talk-it-out Stiles, and leaving a speechless Dean in his wake.
Dean had thought Castiel was scared of the angel. Ephraim was scary, yes, but Dean is the scarier one right now. Castiel doesn’t know the right thing to say or do around him. And yet he still wants to be around him. He doesn’t want this ride to end, uncomfortable as it might be. Something is right with the world when Dean is close by.
In a sudden, impulsive rush, Dean presses forward and seals his mouth over Castiel’s. A single, hot brand.
“I know. But you should be prepared for it.” Castiel turns his head, and the light of Bobby’s porch catches his face kind of funny, illuminating all the wrong angles so he looks like a stained-glass version of himself. Dean catches his breath. “I may not be able to provide all that much assistance to you in the final battle. I may be… all but human.”
I keep lookin’ at your face and thinking what happens when he wakes up and I’m not here… Who’s gonna tell him where he is, what’s going on, what lies to tell… what if the doctor comes in and you start doing your Angel of the Lord babble and there’s no one here to stop you…
“Dean…!” But when Dean’s arms go around him, Castiel loses all desire to protest. He can’t help but burrow into the warmth of Dean’s body, pressing his head into Dean’s shoulder. All thoughts of a refill are forgotten, and that coffee cup gets set down on the table very quickly.
Cas is back, and Dean can’t stop touching him.
“A drink,” Dean replies readily.
Aaron sighs. “Well, maybe if i can’t name you, I could at least call you what you are. Supposing I call you Clay. That’s not a name, right? It’s just a description. Nu?”
Woulda been a lie but maybe it woulda stopped you.
Now Castiel can’t keep the flush from enveloping his face. “That’s very kind of you,” he says. His inner coach keeps yelling at him.
“I don’t…” Castiel turns away. “After what I’ve done. To you, to my brothers… how can you of all people think I could possibly be good for anybody?”
They hit the bed too fast, and Castiel loses his breath for an instant. It’s long enough for Dean to throw off his jacket and shirt, and when Castiel reaches up, he touches bare skin. Dean arches into the touch, rubbing against Castiel’s palm, then rising to his knees to urge it downward. Castiel obediently gets to work on Dean’s zipper. “Fuckin’ yeah,” Dean hisses when Castiel gets a handful of boxer-clad cock and runs his fingers up the length of it. “Finally.”
Castiel tries to sit in the chair and misses, plunking down heavily onto the floor. “I’m sorry.”
What the hell was he going to ask? He forgets. Cas inches closer. They’re not quite touching, but Cas’s face is right there. “Can I what?”
Dean laughs. “Well, next time someone stares at you and offers to buy you a drink and keeps asking you questions and asking you to come over, keep in mind what that really means.”
“Hell,” Dean feels the rumble of the sound in his throat. It takes him a minute to realize he’s the one speaking.
“Dean,” Castiel says, “if we die here I want you to know–”
“You ever want to go? You could meet little green men.”
Charlie reads on...
“You know,” he says, his hand sweeping through the air in a frustrated little gesture. “Your… leftover angel mojo or whatever. I thought there’d be white light and fireworks.”
“I’m trying to be there for a friend.” Castiel’s voice is even. “Do you want me to go?”
If he lives to be a thousand years old Dean’s never gonna get over how damn natural Castiel’s lips feel on his, how they don’t press together so much as meld, like they’re one animal, moving in an easy slide that brings the two of them cresting together – wet tongue, soft licks, grazing teeth – then tapering off back to soft lips, separating as easy as a receding wave from the shore.
Castiel shifts under his touch, and Dean becomes aware he’s half-hard. He can see the reflection of Castiel’s cock in the chrome of the faucet, and he watches in interest as it fills out. Doesn’t have to be because of Dean. Sometimes you just get hard for no reason. But if it is, Dean has a vague urge to do something about it. Maybe just as a distraction. A cure for all this time.
“–and I don’t know where I am, can you find me?”
“Guess I should start by closing my eyes, huh?” Dean forces out a snicker of laughter. But he doesn’t want to close his eyes. He doesn’t want to lose the realness of Cas in front of him, and without Cas touching him, he can’t be convinced it will remain.
“Hey, thank Sam, too,” Dean says. “Couldn'ta got those high corners without him.”
“What?”
“Glad you’re back,” he mumbles, one more time, into the hollow of Cas’ shoulder.
Castiel’s eyes darken. He heaves a sign. “I was mistaken.,” he says. “I caused more pain… I should never have mistaken myself for a leader.”
“Feel free to slip in more of that sort of thing,” the fan says.
“‘We,’” Castiel echoes. “You mean Sam and you.”
“What the hell for?” Dean hisses at him. Now is not the time for apologies.
Castiel pulls himself together first. “Would you like to read it? On paper?”
Castiel regards him with sad eyes. “Isn’t that true?“ he goes on. “You’re trying to figure out how you could have it from happening. If only you’d convinced me to come along, but that’s only part of it. If only you’d been able to predict how people would react. If only you’d had control of the situation. All these things are going through your mind.”
Silence hangs in the air. Dean tries to figure what just happened, and he can’t. He can’t move any farther away, either.
He starts to hum, a soft, tuneless thing on a low note that barely ever changes, and the strange thing is that the process calms him, too – he finds his muscles relaxing, finds his breaths slowing to the rhythm of the not-quite-a-song, and the dangers and pains of Purgatory fall away into the background. It’s all accompaniment to the soft tones that are carried on each exhalation. His chest rumbles with it, and he feels centered, in tune with his breathing. Alive, but calm. The noise carries through his skull, vibrates in his ears, and he can’t hear the faraway howls and screams the way he used to. He’s the center of his own universe, his breath and his own voice a singular focus. It’s a new experience.
He backtracks. “Unless you don’t want to. I… uh, we don’t want to get in your way, looks like you’re fighting the good fight. Sorry.” He takes a step back.
she’d said.
The sound of the gunshot brings the mother lode of demons swarming around the corner. Sam lifts his shotgun over his shoulder and takes aim. “You really think that’s gonna be the end of it?”
And she couldn’t help it. She folded her arms on the desk and collapsed forward onto them, giggling hysterically.
Castiel is puzzled. “You don’t usually mind when I kiss you.”
But he was OK with that a minute ago, he said goodbye, he said thank you, if Cas had passed through that portal and gone home Dean woulda walked away and gotten a burger and thought someday I’m gonna see him again, when this life finally gets to me, we’ll hang out in Heaven and wait for Sam to show up 50 years later lookin’ old and happy. He was OK with that. He should be OK with this.
Some stargazing smut.
Castiel lifts his hand from Dean’s, lays it down again on Dean’s shoulder. The side of his hand weighs down into Dean’s neck, index finger and thumb resting there. He slides his hand forward, just shy of the hollow of Dean’s throat, and then strokes back again.
There’s no room for this, there’s no time for this, and getting caught by demons with his pants down isn’t in Dean’s top five list of fantasies. But Castiel’s so close, and they’re having such trouble breathing and avoiding each other’s mouths and groins in the tiny space, bumping and rubbing with each uncomfortable shift and gasp for air. So Dean gives up and just seals his mouth over Castiel’s, and suddenly they’re breathing through and into one another, tongues sliding together in long hot tastes as they breathe in the scent of their own sweat and the foreign odors of strangers’ lives.
Sam finds his voice first. “For now, yeah. Good to see you, Cas.”
And then there’s Uriel. Who is kind of badass, if you put the emphasis on the “ass” part. And whom Charlie would really like as a character, in a Bellatrix Lestrange kind of way, if she didn’t have the sneaking suspicion he’s not just a character. This is the whole problem with these books. She wants to react to them like she reacts to fiction, and she can’t, quite, because she suspects they’re not. It’s a weird, weird experience.
A hand has landed on Dean’s shoulder, and from nowhere, another man has appeared, and has caught Dean’s attention completely without saying a word. Dean and the stranger stare at each other, forgetting for several seconds that werewolves and full moons and skinny humans who talk too much even exist.
It’s hard to tell if he means it, or if he’s covering. But Dean’s chest is suddenly pinching hard with regret. “I didn’t mean that,” he says hastily. “I wouldn’t mind, you know, if I have trouble sleeping again…”
“Claire’s asleep,” says the figure on the couch. “She was awesome. As usual.”
Charlie isn’t sure how a voice aches, but other than that, she doesn’t have many qualms about the writing for once. It’s as though Castiel’s thoughts are just as awkward and stilted as the writing usually is, so it’s a perfect match. And she wonders again how this author knows what he knows, including going into the heads of Sam, Dean and now Castiel. It’s not like Dean’s writing this himself. Sam she might believe, but she doesn’t think either of them would want their life stories on the Internet. Who is this Carver Edlund, anyway?
“Jesus, Sam. Scare a guy to death, why don’t you?”
Cas says he stayed around because of his daughter.
He’s red-faced by the end, and Sam stares at him, incredulous. He shakes his head slowlly. “Why do you even care?” he says. “You were all set to feed me to your brother and get the apocalypse going.”
Yeah, now he’s well and truly freaked out.
, the voice in his head says.
She can’t really begin to piece it together, but the hint is there. Maybe, maybe, Dean cares about Castiel too. Enough to let his long-held guard down in front of him. Maybe he senses the depth of Castiel’s caring even more than he knows he does.
He glances at Dean. The sorrow in his gaze has yielded to confusion. “Not – not even when you were a mini-angel? Like, way back, during Creation?”
Castiel honestly doesn’t know, Dean realizes. And explaining it is going to be a hell of a task. “You, Cas,” he says, gaze darting away, looking at anything but Castiel. “You’re different from any girl I ever– from anyone. I look at you and I feel like I found something that’s missing. Like something – God, no offense at this,” he mutters, “–like something dropped out of heaven just for me.” He winces, both at the turn of phrase and at the meaning it must hold for Castiel.
“More?” Castiel tilts his head in that familiar way, and Dean feels again the leaping of warmth in his heart. He wants to grab Castiel and kiss him again, but at the same time, he’s so… disappointed isn’t the right word. Surprised? But you’re surprised when something happens, and nothing happened. The kiss was just a kiss. Same as a hundred other kisses he’s had. Warm, liquid, pleasant, but…
He’s talking like Dean knocked the poor guy up or something. “Why are you so keen on this?”
Castiel’s lips are soft beneath his, soft as they pull away, and they glisten a little in the moonlight as Castiel stares at him with wide eyes. “Dean?” he manages.
And he stops, because just then the voices stopped for a moment. Like a blink, but with sound. Also, because the things he heard Cas think don’t make much sense to him, but he can tell already they’re things he doesn’t want to repeat in front of anyone else. Least of all himself.
Castiel must choose between worlds.
“Wrong answer.” A demon peeks around the corner. Dean blows its head off. “You’re gonna tell him nothing, Sammy. Nothing. You hear me? Tell him to leave it alone.”
God, she’s relieved when Dean calls Castiel on that very oversight later on. But not as relieved as she is really skeeved out that Castiel apparently was watching Dean sleep and just waiting for him to wake up.
And Castiel just stands there, mouth sinfully wet and red, curled into an O of surprise, his eyes wide.
“Anyway,” Dean says. “Off topic. Why don’t we ask him what he wants to be called? Hey. Clayface.” He pounds on the table until the inebriated golem pays attention. “You got a name? You want a name?”
What it says on the tin.
But when Castiel seizes up and climaxes, he trembles, and he whispers Dean’s name as the shudders wrack him, and Dean hears it as the desperate cry of a drowning man looking for a savior.
Dean is quiet for a long time. He just stares, taking in the sight. Castiel is ready to prod him to say something, anything when he finally speaks. “Man,” he says, and lets out a sigh. “Man, that’s rough.”
“Nervous?” Dean looks at him sidelong. “I’m not the one who’s got to convince Death to allow him access to the Mouth of Hell. Compared to Sammy, I’m sitting pretty.”
scene.
“I’m serious,” Dean says. “You owe me a drink. I’m not sweating the money. Give me a little company instead.”
“I think I need medical attention,” he says.
He stumbles forward. Castiel moves without thinking. It’s a rush of empathy and worry that he didn’t know he could still feel, a desire to at least ease Samandriel’s fall, keep his head from cracking open on the ground. Though it would not kill him. Though he would still be able to vacate his vessel and fly back home. He doesn’t need Castiel, and Castiel doesn’t have time for him. Not with the weight of his own tasks.
Every thought drains away as he nears Cas, and when Dean can make out the details of his profile – the bristle of his beard, his pensive eyes – he can hear nothing but the dull thud of his own heart. Cas. Man, he is still a sight for sore eyes.
written sometime during the middle of season 11, when cas was posessed by luci. This was my idea of what might happen.
Blue eyes burn with knowledge, and Dean wants to know it all too, wants to stare into eyes like that from only inches away. He wants to see what this man saw that prompted this torrent of electric language. Dean’s not just impaled on  these words, he’s crucified on them. He lies prone on the altar of this poet whose soul he wants, more than badly, to see.
“Don’t need to,” Castiel agrees, nuzzling into Dean’s shoulder. “But… feels good.”
“Dean,” the man repeats. “It’s very nice to meet you. I’m surprised you knew to find me out here.”
He falls silent then, and Dean stares at him for a moment. Did he come here just to rehash what happened? What’s his point?
It’s not just that Dean’s handsome, although he is; it’s not just that he’s young and fit, with long limbs and a lanky frame. It’s something about his attitude that gets under Castiel’s skin. The way he seems to always be having too good a time. It speaks to Castiel of the sort of experiences he’s never had yet, and, if he dares to dream, experiences he could have with someone like Dean in his life. But fatherhood is a heavy burden, and Castiel’s become good at stepping on those dreams, crushing them underfoot and kicking them aside in favor of reality. He’d trade everything and anything for Claire, her safety and happiness. Just, sometimes he wishes he didn’t have to.
At least Dean calls him on it again. Go, Dean. Charlie
A few old plotbunnies I rescued from deep within my ask box.
Is he asking permission?
You’ve put it off far too long, so you’re finally going to do it. The next time you see him, you’re going to touch him.
He pulls the plug from Castiel’s ass, and Castiel groans, flops onto his back and pants hard. “Just a sec, Cas, just a sec,” Dean says, and without thinking about it he leans in and kisses Castiel’s trembling mouth. No reason why. But he does. And Castiel groans into the kiss, and nods, and whispers “Hurry” when their lips part.
“You don’t just go around kissing people on the ear when they’re not expecting it!”
Castiel’s eyebrows lift. “There’s a market for that?”
“I don’t understand what that means,” Castiel says, tilting his head.
? She could barely stand the thought a minute ago, but now that it didn’t happen, she wants…
“Nobody told you to butt in,” Misha chides him gently, rolling him over and checking out the scrapes that have taken skin off his forehead and left a red mark on his chin. “What was that about?”
Dean starts. “What, what?”
“That’s a question with a complicated answer,” Castiel says. He pokes at the lasagna worriedly with a fork, but eventually seems satisfied and brings it to the table. It looks amazing. Dean wants to give Cas the side-eye for saying yesterday that he’s not much of a cook. Clearly he’s the type to undersell himself. He’d probably say he’s not all that great-looking, either. Dean already wants to shake him for it.
Gabriel grins. “That’d be telling. I’ll answer the first one, though. I’m here to bitch you out.”
“God damn.” Dean drums his fingers on his thighs. “So you’ve never had a day where you just forgot about all of that crap and had a good time?”
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Dean says, whittling his stake. He’s got nothing in mind to slay with it,but stake-whittling has always been a good use for nervous hands. Besides, he likes the way the wood peels off into ribbon-like curls on the floor.
Stiles just gapes. Derek, on the other hand smiles slyly. “And you’re one to talk,” he says. “Thanks for stopping the meaningful looks long enough to spare my life. Get a room, would you?”
Dean eyes him. “But that’s– but how I feel is–”
Castiel nods. “Will I be in your heaven?” he asks. “What if it’s you and Sam, like it was before? What if I’m shut out?”
“Yeah,” Dean manages between quick breaths, “heavenly bodies, I know.”
He turns his head. It seems he can’t get any peace here, either.
“We’re working on figuring that out,” Sam says with a glance up at Kevin. “Dean. Can you control it at all? Like, can you try to stop it?”
He bites his lip, squeezes his eyes shut, and pulls as hard as he can.
He’s betting too hard on Cas’ looks, he knows. Dean still doesn’t have a clue what the guy’s like, outside of his fairly pleasant behavior yesterday. He’d acquitted himself nicely, but half of that had been due to Dean’s jaw-on-the-floor reaction to seeing his face. All the fight had gone out of him. In retrospect, Dean had completely wussed out.
On the back of Dean’s jacket.
“Wait, what?” Stiles starts. He turns to Derek. “You’re in love?”
“Everything’s good,” Dena says, smiling fondly at her. “We’re good, Cas.”
Eternity is a long time.
And eternity is a long time.
“Can it, okay?” Dean yells over the sudden howling gust of the wind. “We’re going out fighting, not talking.”
Castiel’s face softens. “You’d have to work around the bees.”
“I don’t mean to alarm you,” Castiel says, maybe seeing the panic in Dean’s eyes. “I know you’re not comfortable expressing feelings–”
Castiel jumps.
The creak on the staircase startles him, and he looks up to see Castiel standing unsteadily at the bottom, peering through the darkness.
Castiel goes to Dean then, slips their hands together into a firm lock, and kisses him on the cheek. “Good job, honey,” he murmurs.
voice come from
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to go red in the face. “Y-yes, actually.”
Dean’s half-smiling again, the way he did when he’d asked the first silent question. For a moment, Castiel thinks he’s asking another. And Castiel considers answering, or asking a question of his own.
Stars falling all around them and Dean doesn’t want to let go of Sam for a minute, but his phone is buzzing in his pocket and he just knows, somehow, he’s got to answer it. That low down bunched up feeling in the pit of his stomach says so, knows who it is before he even slides it out.
“Shut up. I’m not.”
He goes out for a walk, looks at the sunrise and the trees and the birds, or if there are none just analyzes the cracks in the pavement and reads the history of old buildings from laying his hand on their bricks. It’s a quiet and special time for him, and he returns to Dean’s room feeling as though the day has already delivered on its promise of infinite possibilities. Nothing could go wrong now. It’s just a matter of what could go even more right.
Dean does it again later in class, when they’re playing the Party game. In this game, one actor is the host of a party, and other actors enter as “guests” that have a particular quirk. Dean’s quirk has nothing to do with flirting – Castiel later guesses, correctly, that he’s a snake who’s just turned human and has no idea what to do with arms and legs – but that doesn’t stop him getting all up in Castiel’s space, leaning on him and wrapping around him just like a python might. “SSssso ssssexy,” he moons at one point, and Castiel tries in vain to shake him off, then ignores him to attempt a conversation with another party guest. It’s not easy to concentrate with Dean’s chest pressed to his arm, his leg thrust against Castiel’s. This all would be so pleasant if it weren’t right in the middle of class, in front of everybody.
“You mean, a hand?” Dean swallows. “
“What? I’m trying to help.” Dean makes a face at him.
“Yes, you do.”
Cas is getting a little better, and Dean and Sam hustle to finish the decorating so when he finally comes downstairs tomorrow morning for his first full breakfast in a week, he’ll be pleasantly surprised. After Sam’s gone to bed, Dean’s still finishing laying the string of lights across the mantel, into the wee hours of the night.
something, just give her some clue as to what is to come of this, Castiel might be able to breathe again. As it is, she’s stuck somewhere between hope and despair.
“Every word.”
Castiel comes home from the office at 10:30. He’s stressed and weary, but glad to be home. He sets his briefcase by the door, shrugs off his coat, and heads into the living room. At last, the day is done.
it doesn’t,” Sam says through a sputter of laughter.
So now Charlie knows what Sammy did last summer. And she kind of wishes she didn’t… at least, not in so much detail.
“A moment?” Castiel asks.
After Claire leaves, they go inside for a drink. It’s an old, familiar pattern they fall into, easy as anything – the three of them joking around, Castiel bemoaning his inability to get drunk, Sam laughing as Dean looks balefully at his empty beer, the works.  Sam, Dean and Cas. Brothers. Family.
“Oh, no,” he says. “I didn’t – they’re Russian bees, I chose them because of the coloring – the website said they were harder to manage, but I didn’t – I didn’t realize.”
“Everything,” Castiel says bluntly. “I’m… I’m too serious for–”
she’d say.
Maybe he just needs to say goodbye.
This brings a smile onto Dean’s face. There are those crinkles at the corners of his eyes again. Castiel is so very glad to see them. He reaches out, impulsively, and grabs Dean’s hand. Warmth flows through him, and their fingers interlace. They both stare down at it. Castiel bites his lip from how good it feels to be touching – not in service to a scene, not chasing a punchline, but just touching for the sake of touch. Because they like each other. Such a simple phrase, yet it makes Castiel feel as though a new world is beginning.
“Dean, I haven’t touched your mind,” Castiel says with a half-smile. “Honestly, I have no idea what happened. But you’re here and alone and upset, so I’m making an educated guess. Am I wrong?”
“That’s not the best news I’ve heard all day,” Dean says with a scowl.
talking about. And wow, he doesn’t really know how to respond to that.
Now Castiel’s totally lost. “Um, you’re welcome?” She really doesn’t know how this ends. Do they go on from here as they always have? Does anything change?
Castiel gives him a sideways look.
He’s saying “Cas” as he lifts the phone after punching “Answer” and Cas
Dean’s heart slams into his ribs, and a deep warning bell sounds within him. “Yeah,” he says quickly, “yeah, same here. We worry about you when you’re out flying solo. Hope you’re taking care of yourself.”
“Wait.”
* * *
“What, did your wings get cut off?” Dean’s voice is cheerful, but the grin on his face falls right off when Castiel meets his eyes. “Wait, *did* they?”
Not like it’s a big deal. Cas probably doesn’t know what to do with it anyway. Dean could just show him. Just because.
Castiel looks him over. “Also nothing,” he says, and leaves the room.
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry,” Castiel says. “For whatever it is that I did that made you– that meant I had to leave. I’m not asking to come back,” he adds quickly. “I’m not asking for forgiveness, or help. I just wanted you to know that I’m sorry.”
“And this Caleb was the only disappearance Agent Worley was looking into?”
Dean sighed. Cas was the only person besides Sam who could take him from zero to ten like this.
“From outside the door,” Dean clarified. “You know, sharing hotels to save money. That’s all.”
“Yeah,” said Dean softly. Cas was too lost in his own head to notice the sadness behind the single word.
“Why the fuck wouldn’t this be real, Cas? Why is it so crazy to think I’d come to save you?”
Dean took another bite of cheese laden perfection and made a noise that, had his eyes not been closed in satisfaction, he might have noticed made Cas blush for some reason …
At the end of the day, maybe it was just too easy to slide back into the lifelong mindset of Dean being the strong older brother, the rock that kept the Winchesters going.
Sam pushed past Dean with a huff, following Eileen down the trail.
and a “hey now!”
He stood holding the phone, frozen in place, unable to put it back down as he felt the sting of long withheld tears pricking the backs of his eyes. He squeezed them shut…took a deep, shaky breath.
saved you?”
“You’re going on a hunt. Am I correct? If so, I’m coming with you.”
That segued Dean and Lee into a long story about antics they’d gotten into on one particular hunt and John’s often frustrated but mostly amused reactions.
“No … I … I don’t mean like that Dean.”
“What?” asked Dean and Cas simultaneously, both sitting up straighter in their chairs.
“I know you saved me, Dean. I know because that’s what I would have wanted to have happen. It’s okay. Really.”
“Yeah, I’ve got the potion. All loaded up into syringes already. And some others with dead man’s blood in case we’re wrong and it’s vampires instead. You know … it probably is a djinn if you’re right about the sheriff being the prime suspect. But the possibility that it could be vampires has me really not liking the fact that we’re doing this at night.”
He was never going to let him walk away again.
It was a pretty low bar, but Cas couldn’t help the feeling a warmth that bloomed in his chest. Dean pulled up to Cas’ cabin, his face looking stormy now.
“Your brother looks happy to see us,” said Eileen from the passenger seat, the sarcasm clear in her voice. Sam stopped the car and then turned to look at her so she could see his face clearly as he talked. “He is happy to see us,” Sam said, doing his best to convey ‘happy’ with his hands as well. “He’s just worried about Cas.”
“I’ll mention it next time I see him,” said Dean, and it was all he could get in before Caleb was once again talking over him.
Cas, whose thoughts had been elsewhere, answered with a puzzled “What?”
“Uh, no, actually. I mean, it might be nothing …”
Five minutes later, he was walking into Simmzy’s Bait Shop.
This drive felt exactly like what Dean imagined sitting next to an ex after a very recent and very bad breakup would be like.
his home.
Cas stiffened, seeming to realize he’d let more slip in his remark than he’d intended to. “I was human and on my own for the first time ever. I took me quite a while to find a way to access money, and even then, lodging is expensive. It was more economical to sleep on the floor in the Gas N’ Sip store room.”
“The bait shop?”
Despite his worry that Dean might read his emotions accurately, Cas found himself feeling a bit better as, minute by minute, Dean’s attention shifted more towards him and away from Lee.
“Oh,” said Cas, hoping he didn’t sound too disappointed. He didn’t want Dean to think it was about Sam not waiting by his bedside. He knew Sam had more important things to be doing. And he
Losing Jack, then Dean and Sam — the last by Cas’ own choice, for he had felt it necessary for a clean break — Cas had begun to think he’d never feel anything but this leaden sadness ever again.
worried Cas. As the two men watched Roy move out of sight down the hallway, Cas resolved not to let his time in the djinn dream further damage whatever was left of his friendship with Dean.
“Cas I … I’m sorry …”
Covering ground they’d already walked, and being less cautious with their lights, they made better time. They were back at the Impala in 25 minutes, even with Dean shifting Cas from his arms to his shoulders then back every few minutes. Sam had offered to carry Cas more than once, but each time Dean had just shoved past him with a grunted, “I’m fine.”
body now, not simply a vessel. Which of course made the physical discomforts of his body more, well, uncomfortable. That he could live with. There were tradeoffs for the discomforts of feeling cold, tired, or hungry. Things like showers just this side of too hot, the full body hug of a heavy blanket, the pleasure of being able to really taste a cheeseburger or a good cup of coffee.
“Oh,” said Cas, looking groggily up into Dean’s eyes. “I’m still dreaming, aren’t I?”
Everything he’d said to Sam had been technically true. He did need to clear his head, and he definitely needed to get out of the bunker for a while. He also really didn’t want to spoil whatever was brewing between Eileen and Sam. He hadn’t seen the guy this happy in so long. If one of them had any chance to grab a little joy amid the dumpster fire that their lives had turned into with the Chuck revelations, then Dean was going to make sure Sam had a fair shot at it.
Cas being gone, Dean having so much time to do nothing but ruminate, then his panicked thoughts when he couldn’t find the angel … it had all brought certain feelings — ones that Dean had previously kept locked in a deep dark closet in his subconscious — up to the surface.
The three hunters moved carefully down the trail, flashlights aimed low to ground. When they found the mine 40 minutes later, Sam heard Dean breathe an audible sigh of relief. He couldn’t help but agree. None of them were exactly seasoned hikers, and they were totally unfamiliar with this terrain. It felt like a miracle that they’d been able to navigate the trails in the dark.
.........
“Well come on over and join them! I’ll get you a beer,” said Lorna, grabbing Cas’s hand and pulling him over to the table where Dean was sitting — a bit closer than seemed normal — to Lee.
“Yeah, that’s the idea.”
“Okay, Dean. Okay.”
Just look at the mother of that missing boy, desperately begging anyone who would listen to believe her that her son was in danger, to help her find him. The pain in her large, brown eyes was almost too much for Castiel to look at. He didn’t know how the sheriff could respond so coldly to such unadulterated feeling.
, thought Dean, unwilling to read into why his subconscious might have brought him to Lee’s doorstep — whether it the nagging reminder of Cas’ suspicions or a vindictive product of Dean’s own anger with his best friend.
“Just because I was a ghost this morning does
Cas’ heart skipped a beat. It was not a sensation he was used to, and it was decidedly uncomfortable but also somehow a very good feeling at the same time.
Dream-Dean was drinking yet another beer.
Which is how, during her time yelling at Dean, trying to get his attention, she’d seen exactly what he’d been doing cooped up in his room all those days. Or really, what he hadn’t been doing — which was anything. Sam hadn’t realized just how bad things had gotten. Yeah, he’d been dealing with his own stuff, but after Cas left he should have known that Dean would be totally wreaked.
of the graveyard variety), or maybe there was something green to it, like the wind blowing through a summer field.
Eileen had spent a solid week trying to get their attention before she finally managed to manifest herself visibly in front of Sam. She hadn’t meant to invade their privacy, but she’d been in Hell for a year and was a lost soul on the run. She was desperate.
fandom.
“I’d never not come find you if I thought you needed me Cas. No matter how angry we get with each other. You’re my best friend. You’re my brother.”
Cas’ stomach dropped. “Sure,” he replied, turning to go out the door. As it closed behind him he caught a glimpse of Lee leaning forward to kiss a startled Dean on the lips.
Cas knew the feeling that exploded inside him, but he was unprepared for the intensity of it. Jealousy. He did
“That’s really all this is?”
“Maybe,” replied Lorna. As she walked into the back of the bar, she called over her shoulder, “I’m not the type to go hiding cars anyway, so what do I know.”
Dean had never just laid down and given up. It’s what made his behavior lately so damn scary.
An hour later, as Sam and Eileen waited for Roy’s body to finish burning, Sam recounted the dreams he’d been having — he and Dean killing each other, over and over again, each death bloodier than the last.
Sam was just finishing his recounting of the djinn hunt when Eileen joined him and Cas in the map room.
Cas’ tone was sharp, which didn’t help quell the anger that was once again swelling up inside Dean. How could he have been so willfully blind to what Cas must have suffered during those long months as a human? How could it have taken until now for him to realize just how badly he’d hurt his friend?
As Sam pulled into the parking lot, the moon was just rising over the tree line. Night had already fallen, but at least with a nearly full moon it wouldn’t be
“You sure are,” said Dean smiling a genuinely happy smile for the first time all day. “Lee Fucking Webb. Giving up the life. Never thought I’d see that.”
not brotherly in nature.
“Yeah,” said Andy quietly, staring into the cup he was still holding.
Now, when he would give anything to just
to do — those feelings had been there, albeit shoved very very far down, for a long time now. They were not platonic and
Poor Cas! At least he didn't have to sleep on the floor. More to come soon. I'm still trying to figure some things out about the next chapter.
Cas eyed the billiard table, deciding on the nine ball for his next shot. Dean was ostensibly “teaching” him pool, though Cas really didn’t need much instruction. It was simple math to figure out the requisite angles.
, thought Dean, exhaling in an angry huff.
Dean’s heart sank a little. “Let me guess, there’s been a lot of missing people around here recently?”
And healing Caleb had drained Cas’ grace practically to the dregs. He couldn’t even feel its flicker currently. All Cas could do was wait and hope it would partially recharge one more time.
“I’m not going to do anything stupid Sam. But I’m not waiting for you either.” An image of Charlie, her bloody form crumpled in a bath tub, flashed through Dean’s mind. He shuddered.
“Whoa, cowboy,” said Lee, with a chuckle, as he beat Cas to grabbing Dean’s arm and helping him regain his balance. “Maybe hold off ‘til mornin’ at least?”
“Cas … why would I have
was the reason for his ethical dilemma. The kissing was one thing. But sexual intercourse with dream-Dean felt like it would be crossing a line. Real-Dean wouldn’t like it anyway, Cas was sure.
(See the end of the chapter for
was the solitude of his room, the numbing familiarity of cartoon reruns, and another box of junk cereal that was going to do nothing at all to fill the empty chasm that had opened up inside him swallowing his ability to feel, to desire, to strive … but it would give his hands something to do. Give his body something to focus on while his mind slid over the sounds and color coming from the television.
“Dean, about the last time we saw each other, the fight …” Cas had begun, and the expression in those green eyes had morphed into one of confusion.
“Uh-huh, sure Sammy. Just, you know,
, thought Dean. “Lee?” he called out.
“I know,” she said, “We’ll find him Sam.” She carefully signed the words as she talked. He had the feeling she was slowing down her motions so that he could catch them all and maybe remember some.
As soon as Sam fished the keys out of Dean’s pocket, Dean somehow had the Impala’s rear door open and was sliding both himself and Cas onto the leather bench seat.
It had been like Dean fell into his best case scenario life. So if the djinn spell worked the same for Cas, then that meant that Dean was at least a part of Cas’ dream life.
“I don’t mean to pry, but … just in case it ends up being relevant at some point while we’re here, um … you and Lee … you seem like you have some history. More than just going on a few hunts together …” he trailed off, unsure how to finish his thought.
thought Dean, immediately feeling defensive
Dean fumed silently as they drove down the highway. A few days ago he would have given anything to have Cas willingly sitting by his side. But that was before the guy had begun flinching every time Dean touched him. Before he had found a way to reject Dean without Dean ever having even made a goddamn move.
Dean hung up abruptly, snapping the old flip phone shut before he could completely lose control of the situation.
“Okay, well … Eileen and I are going to pick up some pizza and beer, celebrate you being back home,” Cas felt a wave of warmth at the word, “and then after dinner, we had some ideas about the Chuck situation that we wanted to run by you and Dean. You are staying, right? Because you know, it didn’t feel the same without you Cas. And Dean will probably never say it, but I know he feels the same. We want you here.”
anymore. Not by a long shot. It’s actually Dean/Cas that came up the most.”
Somehow, he’d forgotten to tell Cas how sorry he was.
“What is up with him?” asked Eileen, concern lacing her voice. Sam wondered just how long she’d been in the bunker, how much of their lives lately she’d observed while trying to get his attention.
“Alright, we’ll take it,” said Dean, unable to keep the frustration out of his voice. Could anything about this hunt go
Soon Dean was curled against his side, his head resting on Cas’ shoulder, his breathing growing slower and steadier by the minute. Several minutes passed, and Cas — who thought the other man was asleep — was surprised to hear the hunter mumble something incoherent.
Dean cast Cas a quick glance,
Cas turned and left the office, his breath speeding up as he felt his chest constrict in an uncomfortably painful — and increasingly familiar — way.
The truth of Cas’ words punched the fury right out of Dean like a blow to the stomach knocking the wind from his lungs. “Of course I forgave you Cas,” he said, his tone suddenly going quiet. “And I’m sorry I never said it before, okay? I’m sorry. And yeah, sure, I was angry. It was easier to be angry, to let you walk away, than it was to keep worrying about you every minute of every damn day. I couldn’t lose you Cas. Not you, not after everyone else.”
“They call them ‘slash’ fiction,” Eileen interjected helpfully.
Cas. She got backed into a corner and she and Sam had to play the hand that fate, that Chuck, dealt them.
Dean grabbed his coat and headed out the door as well. Fifteen minutes later he was walking into Swayze’s, where an attractive brunette collected his cell phone, explaining it was the roadhouse policy.
He wasn’t sure Dean realized how deep it was for Cas, but given the fact that all those long soulful stares went two ways … well, Sam had his suspicions Dean didn’t realize how deep it went for Dean either.
was stalking tourists and the occasional townsperson was the conversation he’d had with Andy at the bait shop that morning. If he hadn’t happened to ask Andy why he was so upset, he never would have known that Shane Coogen’s body had been drained of blood. Because that seemingly key detail had somehow been left out of the official police report.
“He uh, he died, actually. It’s been, 13 years ago now. But he died doing what he loved, what he was good at. And he went out on a big win. So, you know …”
“Me too. I don’t want you to hide. So, new rule. Outside of this, you can suppress all you want. I wish you wouldn’t, but I understand why you do. But whenever we do this, I want you to let go. Just…moan or scream or cry or whatever you feel like doing. Ask for what you want without being afraid. This is a safe space. Just don’t hide from me.”
“Dean…”
Cas smiled, nodding. “I’m glad. You deserve to be happy.”
He shrugs, bewildered. “I guess we…take them home and figure out what to do with them until we can change them back.”
I shiver as his fingers spread again, letting the cool air in beside them. “Because…I’m a g-good boy?”
Dean chuckles. “Would you rather do it in our driveway?” he murmurs, licking the shell of Cas’ ear. Cas shudders, shaking his head. “Good. So I am going to close up, and you are going to get out of those clothes.”
He smiles. "I didn't want any more blood on my hands. And now he's not a threat to us."
I shrug. “You don’t hoard objects, you hoard memories. That’s what all of these things are. And you keep them here because…this car is your home. It always has been. It makes sense now.”
"Sure," I nod. "But...I'm leaving one on you too?"
“It most definitely was,” Dean agrees. “For many reasons.” He pulls into an underground parking garage, waving at the man standing at the entrance. “It’s a little more private, for people whose outfits are a tad more revealing,” he explains. Once parked, he gets out to open Cas’ door, kissing him softly. “Do you want to keep the shirt on for now?” he asks.
He sighs. “Hurts…”
“They’re NOT okay!” Dean snapped, glaring at him. “They’re not okay because Cas isn’t here! It’s bullshit, and since no one else is going to help, I’m gonna have to pull him out of that hellhole myself!”
Cas shakes his head as Dean returns to his side, an arm settling protectively around his shoulders. “I’ve been busy. What’s wrong?” Rather than answer, Gabriel just holds up a piece of cardstock with fancy writing across it. “A wedding invitation?” Cas asks.
Dean stared at him for a moment, thrown off by his calm reaction. Finally, he swallowed, dragging the toe of his shoe over the dirt floor. “The dream I had tonight…it was about this one particular room. There was this thing…a whole bunch of metal parts that hold you down on all fours in a way that makes you…’present’.” Cas frowned a little at that. “That was always the worst,” Dean murmured. “There’s one that goes around the back of your neck, and you can’t see anything, can’t even move…” He shivered a little at the memory. “They called it The Rack. They used it a lot, to ‘train’ us, or punish us. It’s pretty hard to keep a hold of your dignity and self-respect in that position. But...some of the customers used it too. They liked the idea of forcing us to submit, more than they already were. There’s not a whole lot you can do to protect yourself like that…”
Sam nods. “But it’s weird too. Hunting is our job. It’s what we’ve always done,” he finishes.
Sam sighs, rubbing at his forehead for a moment. “Gabriel isn’t human, but he’s not a monster,” he says finally. “He’s an angel, and he’s been helping us. He’s not a danger.”
Cas blinks at him for a minute, considering it. “Better be the best goddamn reward of my life...waking me up this early…” he grumbles. “And there’d better be a cup of coffee waiting for me when I get out there.”
“What is it?” Cas asks cautiously.
Cas nodded, watching him fondly, his thumb stroking Dean’s cheek lightly, breaking through the wet tear stains. “You truly are remarkable, Dean...I’ve always thought so.” The hunter’s cheeks tinged pink, and Cas looked down into the space between them for a moment. “So...what do we do now?”
Dean chuckles, parking back in front of Cas’ apartment building. “Well you’ll get to be the patient one when you get my ass on a plane tomorrow.”
I look up at him, surprised, and he gives a small smile. I smile back, nodding. “Thank you. That means a lot to me. I’m glad you feel that way.” He smiles back, handing me the pad and making a flipping motion. I look through the other drawings, one of us inside the Impala, one from the bathtub, and one of me sleeping earlier. Each one gets progressively less red until the last one, which is totally blue, his fear finally fading. “I think I understand. Thank you for showing me.” He nods, flipping back to the one from the bathtub. “You like that one?”
The signal starts to break up, cutting his words at odd angles. “I don’t…Dea…you can’t…I’m sorry.”
I muffle my moan in the pillow when he leans in again, panting softly. “What…what do you see?” I manage in between breaths. He glances up at our reflection, thinking for a moment. “I see my beautiful boy,” he murmurs, one hand sliding along my ribs. “And the love of my existence.”
“Green,” I murmur, relaxing back into the chair.
Lucifer smiles, offering his hand, and Dean has to clench his jaw and force himself to shake it. “It’s a pleasure,” Lucifer says smoothly. “Hey, do I know you from somewhere? You look so familiar…”
“That’s why I was reading,” he answers, smiling sheepishly. “I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“Yeah, I am,” Dean answers, relaxing slightly as he brushes Cas’ hair back. “I think I’m gonna talk to her. Get it over with, you know?”
I scowl at him before going back to the bathroom and holding the article out to Cas. “Put that on.” He looks at it curiously, but obeys as I run the water in the tub. When I turn back around, he’s waiting. I motion him towards the tub, but he just stares at it. “You’re not going to get clean from there.” Slowly, he steps toward the tub, running his hand through the water. “It’s…water, Cas. You’re supposed to get in. That’s how this whole cleaning thing goes.”
He nods, fidgeting with his coat nervously. “Of course. I…don’t suppose I ever told you much about angel mating.”
“I, um…I kind of don’t really like flying.”
Cas smiles. “Trust me, Dean. It’s going to be okay.”
He never tells Cas about the flowery, girly thoughts he has about what they do, or the ways it helps him, and they both know he never will, but he also knows he doesn't have to. After all this time he knows Cas can read it in him, in the sweat and the sounds and the sated slump of his body under Cas’ control. And that should be the scariest part, not being in control. Or at least, that’s what Dean thought the first time the angel had brought it up. Dean was always in control. He’d always had to be. Lives depended on it, and, occasionally, the fate of the world rested on his carefully set shoulders. He didn’t need softness and praise and a chance to breathe. He needed action, and walls, and control.
Cas sighs again, sitting down at the edge of the bed. “Because this is important. He’s important to you. He saved your life. If he doesn’t like me…”
“Sorry about that,” Sam sighs. “The good news is, that was the worst part. I only have two smaller breaks left to fix, and hopefully they won’t be as painful.”
He blinks for a moment, then cringes. “Cas?” he breathes.
“I understand that, Dean,” he argues, “but this is my fight. I understand the risks. And if I want to put myself in danger, it’s my choice, and I think you should respect that, even if you don’t like it. It won’t be your fault if something happens.”
He thrusts in with one smooth motion, and I nearly sob in relief, clutching the sheets near my head. “Good boy,” he mutters, slowly picking up speed. “Feel better with Daddy inside you?”
Dean nods, leaning closer, licking a line up his collarbone and sucking hard at the pulse in his neck. Cas gasps softly, his grip on Dean’s shoulders tightening as Dean carefully withdraws his finger almost all the way, then gently eases back in. His hand drops to wrap around Cas’ shaft, stroking slowly. Cas’ hips jerk at the touch, which causes him to press back against Dean’s finger, and a low moan escapes him at the combined sensation. He shifts again, whimpering when it brushes against something inside him. Dean chuckles softly. “Not so weird now, is it?”
Cas blushes and shrugs. “It’s just…hard, for me, to trust people. I’m a little…uptight, as Gabriel likes to say. I know it sounds weird, considering last night. I’ve been on dates and stuff, just…never got that far.”
“I’m sure. That’s John Winchester in there. He does seem different. I wonder if it’s the absence of those memories that’s made him...a little softer. Honestly, I was shocked he even spoke to me, much less asked for my help. He’s not thrilled about it, but it kind of seems like he’s...trying?”
“I try,” Gabriel chuckles. “So…we okay?”
I chuckle. “So Cas told you about me, huh?”
I smile. “I love you too, Dean. You have nothing to fear. I’m going to take care of everything.”
Cas chuckled, kissing his cheek lightly. “We’ll just have to practice.”
“Dean, you don’t have to...” Cas murmured, refusing to meet his gaze. “I can go, if that would make things easier for you.”
I can't thank you all enough for all the support I got after posting chapter eight. It makes me incredibly happy to know that other people love this story as much as I do, and it really helps me stay motivated when I know that people care about what I'm putting out. I'm planning to post about two or three chapters a week for the time being, and I hope it'll give you all something to look forward to in these crazy times!
It takes me a minute to process all this, but when I do so many things seem so much clearer. When I look up again, he’s watching me nervously. “Why are you looking at me like that?” I ask curiously.
I chuckle softly. “That feels…incredible.”
The sight of Cas on the other side of the door fills him with both relief and dread; relief that he’s here and dread because he looks terrified and about ready to pass out. He starts mumbling almost incoherently as soon as the door opens. “Dean…I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…please…”
“Just for being you. I’ll do my best to let you know if I want to see her.” He pauses. “I’d like you to meet her one day.”
“What are you doing?” a low, gravelly voice asks suddenly, making me jump.
Dean nods, flushing. “We’re doing that again.”
Cas chuckles. “No, Dean. I promise you’ll enjoy it.”
“Amazing,” he sighs.
Dean shakes his head slightly. “No idea...how did you find us?”
Cas chuckles, slowly pushing forward again, watching his face intently as he groans. “So fucking tight,” he growls out, panting as he bottoms out.
I nod. “Yes Sir. But it’s good.” I gasp as I feel his mouth around me again, his tongue probing lightly.
I nod, releasing his arm, but the moment he is out of sight I start to doubt that he’ll return.
“I just...the way Sammy and I were raised, we...to need anything was...weakness. You weren’t supposed to need people or things or...you’re just supposed to do your job, keep your shit to yourself, and keep going. And especially this...god, I can’t even imagine what my dad would have to say about this...he’d think I’m crazy for even enjoying it, but...to need it is even worse...before, when it was just in the playroom I could pretend...it was just sex, you know? I mean maybe not regular sex, but nothing too out there...most people have a kink or two, right? But...”
Dean frowns again. “Why?”
Dean grins, pressing his hard cock into Cas’ stomach. “Does that feel like I’m unsure? If you don’t hurry up and get to it I’m going to pin you down and do it myself.”
“I don’t know. We could go check out that diner in town. Just give me a few minutes to shower and change, alright?”
“Running it?” Dean asked, surprised. “Like…a job?”
I can’t help the stab of amusement that runs through me, and Cas admonishes me lightly in my head, though I can tell he’s laughing too. “Heya Sammy...yeah, we kinda missed you...what’s new?”
“Okay,” Cas says gently. “We don’t have to talk about that right now. Take some deep breaths. You let me know when you’re ready to continue.”
“I...that’s not what I said!” Dean insisted, the color rising in his face.
Dean falls asleep somewhere around his third or fourth glass of whiskey, and Cas waits until the plane is safely on the ground to wake him up. He looks up groggily for a moment before jolting up in his seat. “What happened? Are we crashing?!”
I let my head fall back against his shoulder as he teases. “Want to be good…”
He smiles, shrugging. “I think we both deserve some time to relax.”
“That hardly answers the question,” Cas points out. “It’s not as if I’ll mock you if you admit to enjoying it.”
“Um…no. I was just wondering how you were feeling.”
He laughs. “Yes. It has menthol in it, which is causing that feeling I’m sure you’re starting to experience. Is it too strong?”
Cas frowns. “Oh, Dean…”
He takes my hand, pulling me up from the bed and into the living room, where Gabriel sits. "You sure about this, Cassie?" He asks.
He scribbles again.
I nod. “Karael disappeared centuries ago. He was presumed destroyed by the demons. That’s why I didn’t recognize him initially. He should be dead.”
Gabriel laughs, nodding. “Don’t worry, Dean-o. He’s in good hands with me.”
Slowly, he relaxes in my arms. "I think I can feel you too," he murmurs after a minute. "It's nice."
I sigh, glancing back at him. “I understand. Just…give me a minute to speak with him. Maybe I can get him to calm down.”
He nods, glancing back at Cas hesitantly, but follows Benny to a set of chairs on the other side. Turning back to Gabriel, Cas pats his shoulder lightly. “Is there an attractive man I should call for you too?” he teases lightly. Rather than take the bait, Gabriel just gives him a sad smile, which only worries him more. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so serious before.”
Yay! I thought we could all use some fluff. I promise more sexytimes in the next chapter, it's all written out in my head already. Also, keep a look out for my new story, which was my NaNoWriMo project (even though it's nowhere close to 50,000 words...oops) which I'm rather proud of. As always, remember to review!
“And you were…in my head last night, weren’t you?”
“I can’t even imagine,” Dean murmurs. “I mean, my dad was an asshole, but that’s just…emotional torture. I’m really glad you got help when you did. Did the rest of your family stop talking to you too?”
“Yeah, of course.” Something in his expression makes my stomach clench, and I take a deep breath while he disappears down the hall. He comes back with his sketch book, biting his lip for a moment before flipping it open to the first page and handing it to me. It’s a much more detailed drawing than the first one he showed me, but it appears to be the same place. There’s the same long table, except now Cas is pictured in the center, strapped down to it, looking very similar to the way we found him, fragile and terrified. Sam must have found colored pencils somewhere, because the whole thing is done in reds and purples. It sends a jolt of terror through me just looking at it. I have to remind myself to take a breath and tear my eyes away from the center to look at what’s around it. There’s an awful lot of people around him, and it takes me a minute to realize what the dark smudges behind them are supposed to be. “Wings?” I ask softly. “So it was angels then?” He nods, watching me cautiously. This seems at odds with the red flames in the background, until I realize that they probably weren’t literal flames, just the way he felt in that moment. All of the people seem to have a hand on him somehow, holding various instruments that I don’t even want to try to identify. “This is what you were slipping into earlier? And your nightmare?” I murmur. He nods again. I steel myself for a moment before looking back at Cas in the middle. How a drawing could look so frightened is beyond me, but the sheer terror on his face makes me feel sick. “Christ, Cas, I’m so…I don’t…” Suddenly my emotional distress turns into physical nausea, and I carefully hand it back to him. “Just…give me one second, okay? I’ll be right back. Just have to…the bathroom…”
“I’m standing outside the bunker,” he says casually.
Cas’ eyes travel to my shoulder, where the faint outline of his handprint rests. He presses his hand to it, matching up each finger perfectly. “You got this when I grabbed you. But the thing is, you grabbed me too.”
He started to count, beginning at a pace just slightly slower than Dean’s current hyperventilating, tapping out each number against his shoulder to help him feel it. Gradually, he spaced the numbers farther apart, waiting until Dean’s breathing matched his before slowing down again until they reached a more normal pattern and Dean started to relax a little. Eventually, he stopped voicing the numbers, continuing to tap them against Dean’s skin while he murmured softly to the trembling man. “You’re doing so good. Easy now. Just breathe for me.” Though Dean’s grip on him remained tight, the tension in his shoulders slowly leaked out, and he started to take deeper breaths. “You still with me, sweetheart?” he asked after a while.
Cas smiles to himself, feeling himself go red a little. “Why do you say that?”
“Good,” he murmurs, kissing the back of my neck. “Block one. Hold onto that. Now, tell me what you hear.”
“Oh yeah? What were you thinking about?”
Dean gives a short nod and drops the subject, and the four of them find their table, thankful that the only other occupant is Anna and her date, a young man named Balthazar who appears to already be smashed. The six of them suffer through long-winded speeches together, and Dean watches as Cas slowly relaxes, laughing as Gabriel orders drinks with the dirtiest names he can think of to make the waiters flustered. Their table is pushed back into a corner, which means he’s only caught glimpses of the couple, but no one seems to mind the distance so much. After a while Cas excuses himself, tugging at Dean’s hand until he follows. “Everything okay?” he murmurs once they’re in the hallway.
Cas smiles, hugging Benny tightly. “Thank you, for everything. I’m so glad you’re here. I don’t think I could do this on my own.”
He gives a small smile as her eyes flick to him curiously. “Ah, so that’s the guy Gabriel’s been telling me about? It’s nice to put a face to the name. Nice to meet you, Dean. I’ve heard you’re doing some wonderful things for my brother.”
“Done what?”
I wake up in the morning to a light tickling sensation moving across my chest. Assuming that it’s Cas’ hair, I try to brush it away and snuggle closer to him, but something soft is in my way, and the feeling doesn’t go away. Blinking groggily, I slowly adjust to the light only to find a sea of inky black feathers between us. I don’t have too long to consider this, because Cas starts to stir, turning over. He smiles when he opens his eyes and sees me, then frowns at my expression of shock as his wings shake themselves out behind him. “Dean? Are you alright?” he asks cautiously.
He shakes his head. “Partly because I was ashamed of it. It was useful, but that didn’t mean it felt good to be used like that. But mostly because he’d blame himself for it. He’d feel so guilty if he knew that’s where his tuition money came from. So I pretended I’d been working some jobs and saving up. It wasn’t a total lie. I transferred the money to him before he left.” He shrugs again. “I did what I had to do.”
“I strongly suspect that was your intention all along,” I chuckle.
“Okay. Then let’s get you settled in bed, and we’ll have them join us.” Cas follows him back into the bedroom, curling up happily against him as Dean tucks the blankets around them. “Ready?”
“Not that it matters,” he answers quickly. “But if you think I’ve been around this long and never tried it…”
Once the overwhelming mix of arousal and fear subsides a little I manage to open my eyes, finding him kneeling at my head, petting softly through my hair. “I’m good,” I mumble, pressing into his touch. “Sorry.”
It occurs to me that, despite his bravado, the current circumstances have him thrown off. He looks almost nervous for a moment, and it’s such a strange look on him that I have to focus hard on the vegetables I’m cutting to avoid laughing. Dean must have picked up on this as well, and I watch out of the corner of my eye as he stands a little taller.
They were almost finished with breakfast by the time Bobby appeared, and he nudged Dean’s shoulder lightly. “Hey, I got something I wanna talk to you about. Come outside with me a minute?”
“So,” John says after a minute. “How, uh...how did you two end up working together?”
“Nervous,” Cas admits. “But I’m okay, Sir.”
“No,” God corrects him gently. “You do know. Think about it.”
…fuck, please Sir…need to…shit, right there…need to cum… Ohfuckplease…”
Sam nods, motioning him closer. “I’m really glad you’re okay,” he murmurs.
I consider my reflection for a moment, blushing at the submissive stance. Still, I don’t get the same jolt of shame as before, so I take time to examine the view as Cas waits patiently, absently stroking his fingertips over the backs of my thighs. “I see…a good boy,” I answer finally, avoiding his gaze in the mirror, which means I don’t see him lean in to drag his tongue over my hole. I yelp in surprise, hearing him chuckle. When I look back at him he’s grinning. “You’ve got the right answer. So let me clean you up, and then I’m going to give you what you’ve earned.”
Cas smiles. “Yeah, I’m alright. Kinda hungry though.”
It’s his turn to blush. “Angels have a similar ceremony. I don’t know if it would work for us, but if we can do it, I’d…very much like to bond with you.”
“Did you have doubts?” I ask curiously.
I want to point out that Dean should be used to that position by now; that he’s so beautiful on his knees, but I don’t get the chance, because his hips start rolling slowly against mine. “Dean…”
I nod. “It’s wasn’t like he could control them exactly, more like they feared him. But I think now he’s gotten more powerful. I think he’s using the demons to do his dirty work. They seemed to wait on his orders for everything, from what I could tell.”
I hesitate. “Redecorating,” I answer finally.
Meg showed up while they were eating, stealing a pancake from Cas’ plate. “Who’s ready to face their fears?”  she asked, entirely too cheerfully. Dean bit his lip nervously, shifting closer to Cas, who kissed his temple softly. Meg looked between the two of them for a minute before laughing. “Wait, you two…Finally! It only took you forever.”
“It’ll make me feel better, okay?”
“Of course,” Dean answers, kissing his forehead softly. “I love you, Cas.”
He cocks his head to the side. “It only makes sense to look after him as well. While I may not love him the same way I love you, he’s been an exceptional friend to me, and I know how much he means to you.”
Cas smiles. “I’m glad to hear that. I do love you, Dean. More than anything.”
I sigh. “Well we can’t let him know that. He needs us. Actually, he needs you. I have a feeling he’s not going to like this, and you’re the only one who might be able to keep him calm.”
I can’t help but chuckle. “No, they look kind of cool, actually. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“Yes Sir.” He closes his eyes as the black strip of fabric comes up, tying securely behind his head. He takes deep breaths for a few minutes, focusing on the heat of Dean’s skin behind him. “Okay,” he says finally. “I’m ready.”
Gabriel smiles, tearing up slightly as he reaches into the pocket of his jacket, holding up a black velvet box. "You're the biggest dork I've ever met, and I love you, Sam. So I was sort of hoping you'd do me the immense honor of marrying me..."
He sighs softly. "Dean, it was something you said in the moment when you were desperate and trying to tell me what you wanted, and that just happens to be the way it came out. It was...out of character for you, but I think that might have been the point. If I had any problem with it I wouldn't have encouraged it. But I did, because it seemed like it helped you communicate your needs to me. I may not always entirely understand things, but I know you didn't say it because you wished to have intercourse with your father. And it worked to get you where you needed to be. Do you feel better than you did this morning?"
Dean whimpers as his dick twitches in a valiant effort to get it up again, but only one of them has a magical lack of refractory period (no matter how many times Dean asks Cas to mojo his own away), and his eyelids are already starting to droop as the exhaustion overcomes him. “Insatiable,” he mutters as he presses his face up against Cas’ neck.
“For the chance to see their faces when I give you a big, sloppy kiss right under their snotty noses? Of course I would!”
“No?” he repeats, puzzled. “You don’t want me to make you feel good? Why?”
“Dean thinks she deserves it because she can’t go out and play with everyone else,” Cas explained.
I swallow, reminding myself to relax. “Okay.”
“Well don’t make the poor boy stand there,” one of the women says teasingly. “Come have a seat and introduce us!”
Cas smiles, reaching for his hand across the center console. “Thank you. But with Charlie, it’s okay. She was thrilled when I told her. I was a little worried, but she was actually quite excited.”
When I come out of the shower, I can’t help but laugh softly at what I see. Dean has managed to kick the blankets off, and though he’s mostly asleep, his palm moves slowly back and forth over the erection clearly visible through his sweatpants. I watch him for a moment as he pants softly until I can’t resist anymore, and then I climb into bed beside him, planting a soft kiss on his lips. He responds slowly, blinking up at me for a moment before he grins. “Back so soon?” he asks, his voice rough with sleep.
Cas grins, nodding. “I’ll try my best, Sir.”
He blinks at me for a long moment. “I...y-you...you Sir,” he breathes, and I can feel the tense line of his shoulders starting to loosen.
Cas turns to look at him. “Really? Even the sounding?”
When I finish he holds up a bottle of pills, shaking it once. I pout, and he just raises an eyebrow and holds it out. “Caaaaas…” I whine.
Sam shrugs. “Honestly, I have no idea. He used to come home all bruised up and with a ton of cash. I always figured he was out hustling pool or something and got beat up, but considering that reaction…I don’t think that’s what he was doing. If I was right, he would have just told me.”
“Starting to,” he smiles. He hesitates for a moment before holding up the box.
“Great. Can I talk to him?”
“He’s coming,” Dean murmurs, though he’s not sure who he’s repeating it for. “We’re going to fix this, I promise. Just hang in there for me, okay?”
“Bobby, I...” he trailed off for a moment, surprised at the tears welling up in his eyes. He couldn’t quite find the words to express how grateful he was, so instead he threw his arms around the old man, hugging him tightly. “Thanks...”
Dean considers the question. “No, not always. I mean, parts of it were easy. I was used to following orders and that kind of thing from living with my dad. But other parts were harder at first.”
Love,
Dean smiles, rubbing his free hand slowly up and down Cas’ back, grounding him. “You’ve asked me about this,” he says, spreading his fingers a little and chuckling at Cas’ breathless gasp. “I suppose this was more my hesitation than yours. But I’ve been thinking, and I think you can handle it. What do you think? Wanna try?”
“I think so too,” Jack piped up cheerfully. “I’ve never been to a march before. I’d like to go.”
Sam’s hand slides slowly along his spine, and I feel him relax slightly. It takes him a while, but slowly his breathing grows less tight. “I…t-think I know…what Karael was…e-experimenting for…” he whispers, still trembling a little.
"So, now that Sam's out of the woods and home again, what's the plan?" Cas asks curiously.
Cas looks to Dean questioningly, and he smiles. “We’ll see how the night goes.” He points out each of the other couples, his free hand rubbing at the back of Cas’ neck absently. “This is Ezekiel and Kevin,” he says, pointing to a large man and a smaller boy with a green collar who sits in a chair, waving to him. He gestures to the other two, who seem impossibly young and innocent. “And this is Hael and Alfie. I’ve been assured those last three are old enough to be here, but I don’t think I believe it.”
“So soon?” I tease. “I thought you’d lost your brains this morning.”
I nod slowly, glancing over at Cas, who’s watching me cautiously. “Yeah, he did. So it’s not going to hurt him or anything?”
Cas smirks. “But you love me.”
He thinks. “Some of the higher-level angels, maybe.”
Dean let out a breath, nodding. “Yeah...yeah, you’re right. Sorry, I just...I’ve never really, uh...done this before. The whole...feelings thing. Not really my style.”
She smiles. “Actually, yes. Sam’s vitals have been really strong so far, so they’re going to start trying to wean him off the drugs. We have to go slowly, and it’ll be a few hours before we’ll see any big changes, but if all goes well he should be starting to wake up by this afternoon.”
“You do not have permission to cum. You’re going to get your reward, but not until I’m ready. Understood?” Cas manages something resembling an affirmation through the sharp need exploding through his body, but not even he can really understand it. Dean chuckles, his thumb rubbing over Cas’ pulse as he shushes him gently. “Deep breaths,” he advises, and suddenly they start happening, as if Cas’ body was just waiting for the order. Dean’s touch disappears for a moment as his weight settles between his spread legs, then reappears on the sides of his ribs, tracing them with an almost reverent care. He drops a soft kiss to Cas’ sternum, and the man under him shivers violently, his fingers wrapping around the fabric at his wrists. He continues that way, gently stroking and kissing across his skin, watching him carefully as he methodically worships the writhing man beneath him. Stuttered, broken sounds fall from Cas’ mouth, which has fallen open. Dean’s fingers shift lower, tracing lightly up and down the insides of his thighs, feeling them tremble. “So good for me, Cas,” he whispers, planting light, open-mouthed kisses between his hips. “So incredible. And I haven’t even touched any of the good parts yet.” A choked whimper is the only answer. “Let’s change that, shall we?”
He grins, his fingers stroking lightly over the darkening bruise on my neck. “Mine.”
“Oh.” Cas thinks for a moment. “Can we just stay like this?”
Dean frowned. “What did you say?”
Dean sighs happily, capturing his lips again while he catches his breath. “You still feeling alright?” he asks when they pull apart. Cas nods, kissing along his jaw. “Good. Then let’s talk.” Cas listens carefully as Dean explains the finer points of sub drop and what he should do if he finds himself alone when it happens. Cas frowns, and Dean strokes his cheek lightly. “What’s wrong?”
Cas sighs softly. “So what do we do now?”
“Don’t worry so much, Dean. Your little mute over here will be just fine. I think he’ll even be able to control them soon. There’s nothing wrong with him.” He pauses. “Well, I shouldn’t say nothing, but you get the idea. He’s fine. The only thing that’s going to hurt him is spending even more time around you than usual.”
Dean chuckles, pulling him up from the floor. “I’m sure that can be arranged. I miss it too. As soon as you’re cleared, I promise. Now, we should probably go check on dinner before it burns. Whatever it is smells really good.”
“You’re probably going to be a little sore,” Dean chuckles, his fingers lightly soothing over the aching muscles. “I’ll run you a bath.” Carefully, he slips out from underneath Cas, turning towards the bathroom.
Dean laughs. “True. They all understand. It doesn’t really faze them. We can use people you’ve already met if it makes you feel better. And with the blindfold on you won’t know who’s touching where, so that will probably help with the awkwardness.”
Benny snickers. “We’re doing just fine, don’t mind me. I’m going to try to numb the ones that didn’t break the skin. When the other ones scab over we can numb those too, but it should help a little bit. Cas, it’s going to feel tingly for a minute.”
I sigh. “I don’t know. The whole thing is strange. There were these weird lines up the insides of his thighs. I didn’t look that hard, but he freaked a little when I went near them. Looked almost like burns. Like someone ran a hot poker over his skin.”
“It...was not pleasant,” the angel agreed.
Dean looks between the two of them for a moment, completely stunned. Finally, he manages to force something out of his mouth. “Sammy?”
The hunter shifted slightly, biting his lip. “Do you regret it?”
“I know,” Cas murmurs. “I think your view of what you deserve is somewhat skewed. Perhaps you should let me decide for a while. But I need you to be honest with me about what you need from me, especially when you start to feel like this about yourself. You don’t have to go through this alone. You are the best thing that’s ever happened to me, Dean. And it’s okay if you need to be reminded of that sometimes. But I don’t know if you don’t talk to me.” To save myself from having to answer I lean in, kissing him softly. Cas chuckles, tugging my hair a little harder. When he pulls away he smiles. “Alright. Let me show you what I think you deserve.”
“Castiel, please, it doesn’t have to be this way,” Karael says quickly. “We can do this together. We can finally have the power we deserve. Come with me, and you can have everything you’ve ever wanted.”
“Who?” Dean asks softly.
“I’ll order in.” Cas retrieves his phone, ignoring the many missed calls from Gabriel and quickly ordering breakfast before settling back down.
Charlie hummed. “Alright, spill it. What’d he say?”
Dean shrugged. “We sort of found her...Chuck left her as the last living thing on earth besides us, and then took her away. But when Jack fixed everything he put her back. She’s been living with us since then. It’s okay, you can pet her. I’ll hold her so she doesn’t lick you to death.”
He sits down with me on the bed again, thoughtfully tracing his fingers over my tattoo. “Perhaps I’ll use your pictures to make it more permanent.”
He half-smiles for a moment. “Thank you.”
I shake my head. “Nothing yet. I don’t want to push him on it. You saw what happened last time, and that time we weren’t even asking him to recall an actual moment of torture. He says bits and pieces are coming back, though. So I guess we’ll just wait.”
Dean nodded, biting his lip and doing his best to stay still while Cas worked.
He tilts his head to the side. “Which word, Dean?”
Cas’ smile widened, tugging Dean into a kiss. “Love you too...so much. You sure you want to keep going?”
Please remember to review! It makes me happy!
Dean hesitated, frowning slightly in confusion.
Dean whines, but doesn’t protest when Cas hands him the glass again, swallowing the pills quickly. He shifts to be more comfortable against Cas’ chest, sighing softly and relaxing into him when Cas begins to rub slow circles over his belly. After a few minutes he looks up. “I’m sorry, Cas.”
Lots and lots of plot and feelings awaits! Onward!
I nod, starting forward into the cage, only to freeze in place when Cas shoves himself back against the wall almost violently, whimpering fearfully and throwing his hands up over his face. “Hey, it’s okay,” I say softly, holding my hands up. “Cas, buddy, it’s just me. It’s Dean. Look at me. I’m not going to hurt you, okay? I just want to get you out of here before they come back.” His whimpers quiet a little as he slowly peeks out from behind his hands, but he still looks terrified. I take another step forward, and something in my chest tightens as he shrinks back a little more, watching me anxiously. Suddenly something creaks at the other end of the building, and all three of us glance up as faint voices grow closer.
“You son of a bitch,” Dean mutters. “I swear to the heavenly father himself if he doesn’t kill you, I will. You’ll pay for what you did to him.”
“I have retained only the necessary ones. I must be able to keep track of them to ensure that no harm comes to them, and I can still teleport, if need be. But I’ve given up everything else for a few days.”
Gabriel chuckles, watching him disappear before turning to Dean again. “Really. Are you okay?”
Gabriel laughs. “Pretty sure, but you never know.” He shrugs. “Just because I can be kind of a dick in general doesn’t mean I have to be a dick all of the time. I
He walks slowly back into the bedroom, nudging Cas up onto all fours again. He grips the end of the plug, tugging it out a little and watching as Cas’ body pulls it back in. Cas gives a low whine, arching back towards him. “Dean…please…”
Dean hesitates, but reaches out for his hand anyway. “Okay. Let’s go.”
Cas smiles, shushing him gently. “It’s alright. I’m going to undress you so that we can give you a bath,” he explains calmly. “There’s nothing to be afraid of. All you have to do is relax and let me help.”
He’s contemplating this new development when he suddenly realizes his bed has started breathing. A hand sweeps through his hair lightly, taking the pain of his impending headache with it, and a low voice above him says “Good morning, Dean.”
TheSongSmith
Sam hummed thoughtfully for a moment, then jumped up, grinning. “Actually, I think I know someone who might be able to help with that...We need to make a long-distance call.”
“Kinky son-of-a-bitch,” I mumble.
Cas smiles softly. “I was hoping you’d ask. I see…the most precious gift I have ever been given,” he answers softly.
"Good," Gabriel says. "Have you decided where you want your marks to be?"
“Well then,” Meg smiled, “why don’t you get started and I’ll meet you at the barn? I have to talk to these boring grown-ups for a minute.” Ben giggled, nodding and heading outside. “Well,” she said, turning back to Dean as Cas came into the room. “First things first, congratulations.”
Cas smiled, nodding. “I’m glad. I’d like to clean them up again and keep them bandaged for today, if that’s alright with you.” Dean nodded slightly, watching as Cas dug through his bag. Something in the bag caught his eye, and before he knew what he was doing he flinched, backing away from the other man as much as the couch would allow. Cas glanced up at him, puzzled, then followed his gaze down to a box with a picture of a syringe on it. “Oh... I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to scare you. Do you remember me telling you that this is my emergency bag? I promise, those won’t come anywhere near you without your permission. Nothing will.”
The third hand disappears, and the other two move up to rest on either side of my face as it dawns on me that Cas is distressed. It's that knowledge that makes my eyes fly open, and I sit up quickly, looking around for whatever's upsetting him. He jumps at the sudden move, but looks slightly relieved. "Dean? Can you hear me?"
Cas sighs softly, resting his head against Dean’s chest until he works up the courage to look up at him. “Hey Dean?”
“Because I’m the only one here with the juice to keep him in check. You saw what he did to your boyfriend.”
Cas looked up at them, noticing their distress for the first time. “Is something wrong?”
“Well damn. Alright doctor Sam, whatever you think will help. You seem a little occupied, so I’m going to go start on dinner.”
“Cas. Castiel. Cas, baby, stop,” I murmur, reaching out and grabbing him by the shoulders, stopping his pacing. “Take a breath, okay? Have you noticed that I’m not upset?” He considers this for a moment, frowning. “Baby, it’s okay. Alright, yes, I didn’t realize what I was doing at the time. But it’s nothing bad.”
I swallow, taking a deep breath. “No, it’s okay. I…want to try. Just…you know what you’re doing, right?”
“Communication is important,” Dean smiles. “As long as you know I’m not going to judge you for whatever you like or don’t like. Now, let’s dry off and check you over one more time so I can stop worrying about hurting you.”
“I’ve got you, sweetheart,” Cas murmured, running his nails lightly down Dean’s back. “Feels incredible...gonna make you feel so good.”
“Fourteen or so,” he answers quietly. “When this was taken, I’d probably been doing it regularly for a year or so. I did it for six years.”
“I’m aware. But those things are only true in your head, Dean. Do you want to know what I see?” I hesitate for a moment, considering it, then nod. Cas smiles, considering my reflection in the mirror. “I see a man who loves others so much that he’s given up his own life and happiness time and time again to ensure that the people he loves are okay. Who would always sacrifice himself for the greater good. Someone who’s been trained to believe that he is undeserving of things like love and being valued. Has it ever occurred to you that, in all the time we’ve had this arrangement, you’ve almost never asked me for anything that you want?”
The angel grinned, kissing his forehead. “I’m so proud of you, sweetheart. I know it isn’t easy for you to ask for anything, especially not something like this. But you have nothing to be embarrassed about, and I am more than happy to give you what you need. And because you were such a good boy, and you talked to me about this, you get an extra special reward tonight.”
He looks at me doubtfully. “Are you sure? You’re not always comfortable with that…”
Hello there! Sorry for the wait on this one, I had a serious case of writer's block, but I'm back and ready to keep writing a better ending for our boys!
I can’t help but smile as I watch Cas stir slightly, his nose wrinkling as the sunlight from the window ghosts over his face. He doesn’t need to sleep, exactly, but he says he still likes to when I do, and I can’t complain, because he’s always so adorable when he’s still half-asleep. He blinks awake, rubbing his eyes and smiling softly when he notices me, warm affection spreading through our mental link. “Good morning, Dean,” he murmurs, leaning closer to kiss me softly. “What are you doing?”
That’s one of Dean’s least favorite rules, and one of the few things that still makes him squirm in place. But by now he knows how strong the angel’s convictions are about this particular rule, and he knows if he can’t ask, he won’t get what he wants. He can’t quite manage to lift his eyes from Cas’ lap when he mumbles out his request, and the hand in his hair skims down to stroke his cheek for a moment. “Getting there,” the angel murmurs, encouraging. “Now I want you to look at me and try again. You have nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Oh, sure you do. Your little angel buddy who you just showed a good time. I have to say, I never expected that to happen. Between his naiveté and your love of macho man stereotypes and flannel, I thought you’d be stuck pining after each other forever. Well done, by the way. But now here you are, all red in the face and heartsick because he’s just carrying on with his life like it was nothing. Or is that not what’s going on here?”
When we’re both spent, he collapses against my chest, breaths ragged as I tremble beneath him. He reaches up, carefully undoing the knot holding my wrists in place and kissing each one gently. When I open my eyes to look at him, he chuckles, grinning. “Fuck Cas, you look downright… debauched. It’s sexy as hell.” He kisses me again, softer this time.
He nods, gently running his fingers over my skin while he talks. “We’re going to do ten strokes. You’re going to count for me, okay? And once I’m done you’re absolved. If you need me to stop before ten, you need to tell me. You won’t be in trouble. Understood?”
He nods gratefully, returning to his burger. When he’s finished, he sighs. “Being human is complicated.”
Tears started rising in Dean’s throat, and he shook his head slightly. “Cas...what is this...?”
“I’m feeling better too,” Cas chuckles, stepping aside. “Come on in.”
(See the end of the chapter for
For a moment Dean frowned, turning that over in his head. It was true that, at the end of the day, Cas had always chosen whatever he thought was best for the human, right up to sacrificing himself to the Empty. Even after he’d been rescued, Cas had offered to leave if that was what Dean wanted, even though he was sure it would have hurt the angel to do it. In just about every instance he could recall, Cas had chosen Dean’s well-being over anything else, even if it was a choice Dean himself didn’t like. “I guess I never thought about it like that,” he admitted.
"I'm giving you a second chance," Cas answers. "I'm afraid that's all I can do for you. You won't remember this, but I do hope that you come to experience love again. I hope one day you'll realize that it's worth the pain."
The angel frowned, trying to read Dean’s expression. It was somewhere between relief and fear, and he couldn’t make sense of either emotion. “I’m...not sure who else it would be about,” he said slowly. “Unless...is there someone else you wish to be in a relationship with?”
“It’s my job to decide what you deserve,” he answers. “Not yours. And I will not have you neglecting your own well-being in my name. Now, are you ready?” I swallow, giving a short nod and standing up. Cas reaches out, gripping my arm and pulling me across his lap. I tense for a moment, and he massages my lower back lightly. “Easy, Dean. It’s just me. Are you alright?”
“You were scared, Dean,” he says softly. “I understand that. I was never upset with you about it. And I know you would never hurt me like that. I love you. I’ve already forgiven you for whatever you think you did.”
“Because you’re a natural,” he chuckles. “I mean it. The way you let go is…incredible. A lot of people take months, or even years, to get anywhere close to that. It’s human nature to fear vulnerability. That’s why submission is so hard. But you crave it instead. And I’m so lucky to be the one you give that to.”
He stays quiet for a moment, thinking. “Will you tell me why you think I grew wings?” he says finally, still tense, but calmer than before.
I sigh, releasing him, but he doesn’t move away this time. “Cas, I’m not mad at you. It’s fine. I like being around you too. It probably feels kind of different to you, and I know you’re not used to it, but it’s alright.”
I smile at his excitement. “Sounds great. It sure would be nice to have less of them dicking around and more of them being helpful.” I pause, looking up at him. “Hey Cas? I never got to thank you for looking after Sammy. I know you didn’t have to, and it makes me feel a lot better knowing you’re watching out for him too.”
The angel’s eyes widened, his fingers digging into Dean’s shirt slightly. “I-I...you shouldn’t be here...what are you doing here?”
I shrug. "I was always too scared to be happy. I was so afraid that the second I let myself enjoy something it would be ripped away." I glance up at him, smiling. "I'm not afraid anymore."
He nods. “Of course. But what…”
When I wake up the next morning, Dean is fast asleep, curled awkwardly around Cas. I take a picture of them before getting up and starting breakfast. Cas comes out to join me first. “Morning,” he greets tiredly. “I’m feeling fine, before you ask.”
The vampire grins. “That can be arranged, I’m sure.” He forces Dean’s head to the side, sinking his teeth into his neck. “A tasty one too,” he comments. “I’m going to have to make you mine.”
Dean grins, kissing him softly. “You look hot. Besides, you said you didn’t want to be naked.”
“If you could see it you’d understand!” Dean protests. “Besides, he didn’t complain.” He grins, glancing down at Cas. “I think I know a way to wake you up.”
“I’ll drive myself crazy if I don’t find out,” Cas answers.
“Fair point,” Dean admitted. “I just want you to be sure.”
Hello friends! Sorry for the long wait on this one, the holidays came around, and then life got a little crazy. But we're back at it again!
Instead of answering, he pulls at the collar of my shirt until I lean down enough for him to kiss me. “My turn,” he says softly. He turns and pulls at my hand until I follow him into the bathroom, eyebrows furrowed in concentration as he fiddles with the faucet. I chuckle, getting the idea and leaning past him to help. When he’s satisfied with the water filling the tub he straightens up, pulling his own damp clothes off before tugging at my t-shirt impatiently.
“So what now?” he asks. “Do we…?”
It takes a while before I can calm down, though I can’t bring myself to move from Cas’ lap. As childish as it sounds, my nerves are fried after my outburst, and the physical reassurance of his affection is soothing. He continues to murmur softly, never anything but patient. After a long time I manage to look up, wiping the remnants of tears off my face. “Feel better?” he asks softly.
“…Really?” I ask uncertainly. “You want to do this?”
escapes me, and he chuckles. “Good boy. I think you deserve a reward.” He pushes between my shoulder blades until I shift onto all fours, my hips dropping automatically. Cas makes a surprised sound, dragging his fingertips lightly over my hips and thighs. “Where did you learn to do that?” he asks curiously.
“You’re sick,” he answers.
Dean shakes his head. “There’s a list on the table, but that’s it.”
Dean nodded, hugging him closer. “I’ll think about it...”
When I look back to Sam, he’s staring down at another small frame. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he groans.
“Are you okay?” Dean asks quietly.
I consider that for a minute, realizing that he’s right. “Well…I didn’t say I minded.” He chuckles, throwing a pair of sweatpants at me and smirking a little at my wince as I pull them over my sore ass. “Have you done that before or something?” I ask. “Because you have a real talent for it.”
listening intently as the soft, even steps stopped outside the door.
After a quick shower I crawl into bed, curling up against him. “Hey Cas?” I murmur after a minute. He hums, glancing over, and I bite my lip. “I, uh...I know I’m not...always the best at...you know, talking about stuff, but...I just...I know I can be difficult about it, but I do appreciate everything you’ve done...and I love you...”
He shakes his head, shushing me softly. “Nonsense. You’re stuck with me forever, so get used to it.” I nod, smiling and pressing closer. Suddenly a memory occurs to me, and I look up at him, puzzled. “Dean? What’s wrong?” he asks.
“Nothing,” Dean says quickly, giving Gabriel a look that dares him to say anything. “I’m fine. What are you doing here, Gabriel?” he looks back at me. “Don’t we still have wards up?”
I nod. “Definitely weird. But he seems…okay.” He nods, getting into the car and starting the journey home. Cas stays quiet the entire ride, not saying another word even when he enters the bunker. “Cas?” I ask, worried, “Are you alright?”
“I think that might just be the endorphins talking,” Cas snorted. “But I appreciate the compliment anyway. Lucky for you, I don’t think being ruined is going to be much of a problem.”
He half-smiles in that odd way of his. “Thank you, Sam. For everything.”
“Well, I hope you’ll enjoy dinner. If you’ll excuse me, I have some things I need to attend to.” He gives a curt little nod in their direction before stalking off, the cameras trailing behind him.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m here,” Dean murmurs shakily, blinking back tears. “You’re okay. I’m here.”
Dean smiles, kissing his forehead softly. “Of course. After everything, I just wanted to make you feel good. Come on baby, let’s go get you settled.” He carefully picks Cas up, cradling him against his chest and wrapping him in a towel before carrying him into the bedroom and carefully setting him down. Cas gasps as the plug inside him shifts, and he looks at Dean questioningly. “Don’t look at me like that,” Dean chuckles. “You wouldn’t stop whimpering until I put something up there, and you know I don’t like it when you’re upset. Stay right there, okay?”
I nod, hesitating for a moment. “Yeah...but...I don’t know, it also kind of brings up some other things too...”
“It’s not your fault,” he murmurs. “It just…kind of freaked me out. It was like I couldn’t stop it. I didn’t want him to, but my wings did that thing anyway.”
. I try turning it on and off a few times, and suddenly I see an image of myself, accompanied by a warm feeling I can’t pin down right away, but which feels very much like love. I open one eye at him, and he chuckles. “I’ve had a bit more practice than you.”
He chuckles. “Only if you want to. I would certainly be content to hold onto you for a while longer.”
“It’s like any job, really,” Dean muses. “I just keep learning. There are plenty of workshops about rope techniques and classes about new devices or ways to play. You have to stay on top of your field. And usually I practice. As a general rule, I won’t do anything to you that I haven’t done to myself, or had done to me.”
“Nothing,” he says quickly, shaking his head. “I was just thinking…he really loves you.”
“Of course,” he assures me. “Tell me if you need to slow down.” One large hand wraps around my arm, the other falling to the opposite hip, slowly pulling me up while I try to pull oxygen into my lungs. “There you go, buddy,” he murmurs when I’m upright. “Now, we can fix this, but I have to ask you a few questions first. Do you not want me to touch you?”
That was, at least, until he overheard Dean and Sam talking in the kitchen. He hadn’t meant to eavesdrop, but the worry in their voices made him pause outside the entryway to the kitchen. “This shit is crazy, Sammy,” he heard Dean mutter.
TheSongSmith
He shrugs. “Essentially, yes. And then the link was established.”
. Sure enough, Sam returns, setting his stack of books on the counter. “I’m sorry,” I say automatically. “It’s just…it’s not so bad when you’re around.”
TheSongSmith
He laughs. “Not for this. You’ve been on edge for a while now, and you did so well holding back for me. That means all your nerves are going to be extra sensitive. I thought we might experiment with that a little. This way I can watch you fall apart nice and slow.”
I feel a little bit of awe and gratitude leak through the link. “Thank you, Cas,” he murmurs. “Really. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Dean laughs. “We should.”
“Starting to feel better?” Sam asks. Cas nods, eyeing the container of cream suspiciously. “It’s a special blend,” Sam explains. “An antibiotic mixed with a pain reliever. We keep it in the fridge because the cold takes some of the sting out.” Surprisingly, Cas doesn’t put up much of a fight when Sam bandages his torso to keep his ribs in place and protect the other wounds, only occasionally wincing. He has me gently cover the raw skin at Cas’ throat with the mixture, and though he whimpers throughout the process, Cas sighs in relief when the medicine starts to kick in. “Let’s leave that exposed,” Sam murmurs. “If we bandage it it’ll stick and hurt him more.”
So....hi there? Long time no see?
“Hey Dean?” Cas asks. “Why ‘Impala’?”
“Don’t ‘hello Dean’ me. What are you doing?”
Dean smiles. “I’d love to. Breakfast?”
A laugh escapes me before I can stop it. “Seriously? You’ve been in a human vessel for this long, and you’ve never even tried? Just to see what it’s like? You’ve never been curious?”
Dean grins, hugging him close. “I love you too.”
Sam makes an indignant sound, reaching for his laptop. I start back down the hall, but Gabriel stops me. “Hold on! I didn’t get to tell you about the present I left for you in the basement.”
Still, I can’t tear my eyes away from it while I lather shampoo into his hair. “You wanna wash your front while I do this?” I ask, perhaps a little more gruffly than intended. Cas doesn’t seem to notice, humming softly. “Cas? You should wash yourself…” There’s no answer as I rinse shampoo from his head, and I consider just leaving him be, but with my luck he’ll get an infection of some sort and then he’ll have to show it to me, and I don’t think I could handle that. I grumble to myself, picking up the cloth again and cautiously rubbing it at his knee, surprised when they bend and fall to the side to give me more room. Thank God for whoever made this bathtub so wide. Swallowing and trying very hard to keep my mind blank, I slowly clean up the insides of his thighs before taking a deep breath and making a quick pass over his shaft. We both shudder together, and I drop the cloth quickly, turning away to get his towel. “Okay,” I murmur, my voice rough, “You’re done.” As if he has no idea what happened, Cas just smiles up at me gratefully, wrapping himself up in the towel. “Think you can get changed on your own? I’m gonna take a shower, okay?” He nods, disappearing into the bedroom, and I lock the door quickly, taking a few deep breaths as the tub empties. I start the shower, sighing as I step under the spray. A shower, that’s all I need. A shower where I can relax and think about…
“I wish more of my brethren were interested in fighting this evil,” Castiel says with some concern. “Many of them have taken the attitude that the Earth no longer matters, since the apocalypse was averted. I’ve tried to persuade them, but I’ve been less than successful.”
“You know he’s gonna come to me eventually, right?”
“Come on, man,” Dean replied, rolling his eyes. “You’ve been shot. You can’t just stitch that up with a bit of liquor and some dental floss.” He continued to work at the wound carefully, not flinching when Castiel made gritted-teeth noises of pain.
“Well.” Dean’s gaze shifts. “As long as you make sure I don’t have to view a frame of it.”
He wants to climb the walls. He wants to bust out of this den they’re holed up in and take the car and drive and drive.
It isn’t until Castiel’s straightened up, until his back is pressed flat against Dean’s chest and Dean’s riding his thigh in earnest, that Dean dares open his eyes. When he does, it’s all flushed shoulder and craning neck in front of him, clean and glistening, and the fog lifts from his brain in a rush. He’s here, Cas is here, they’re riding each other’s fist and thigh and they’re pressed together and it’s hot and they’re moaning and and
A lurch of warmth buoys Dean’s heart, and he lifts his hand from Cas’s neck to place it on the crown of his head. He starts to hum again, and slides his hand back over Cas’s hair, nudging himself closer so he can rest his arm on Cas’s back. The same as last night, in reverse, and now Cas is starting to breathe evenly, tension and fear draining out of his muscles. And watching it, causing it, Dean starts to relax himself.
Dean runs a hand up his back. “Yeah,” he agrees, “can’t deny that. OK, five more minutes. But only five.”
For a while today, he thought he knew a bit about what it was like to have a daughter. And maybe that’s where Cas fits. He’s awkward, he’s bumbling, he’s always sort of just learning how to be a human. Maybe he’s a kind of overgrown son to Dean. But that doesn’t fit quite right, either. Not for the guy who dragged him out of hell, who’s saved him and cured him and lifted him up when he could only see the blackness below.
“Believe it or not, Dean,” and there he is deliberately dropping Dean’s name again, “just watching them is enough.”
Castiel makes a muttering noise, indistinct.
“Specialty?” Castiel tilts his head.
“Dean, I don’t know where I am,” Cas says. “It’s dark and… and I’m at a gas station and I’m hungry–”
A song sung in a low voice, a note or two hummed over and over, and it calms Dean’s breathing as surely as it speeds up his heart.
“I’m still disappointed he doesn’t sparkle,” Kevin grumps.
A growl from above him, and Castiel pins his arms above his head again. “Stay like that,” he orders, and Dean nods. He cranes his neck up for more kisses, but Castiel is gone from over him. He’s stood up and is undoing his belt. The sight of the tent in his pants hits Dean like a ton of bricks, and maybe he should worry about what that means, what’s coming next. But all he can think is that he did that to Cas, and pride floods him at knowing he had that power. It’s all he can think of as Castiel pulls Dean’s jeans off, then his boxers, then bends his knees upward. Cas wants me. He said he has to have me. Cas said that. To me.
A chill wracks Dean’s body at the loss of contact. “Cas?”
he had it…
“Are you nervous?”
Relief floods Dean’s system. “Oh,” he says dumbly. “So I’m like Claire. I get it.”
Dean knows that tone—urgent, serious. Maybe something’s happening on Angel Radio that Dean needs to know about. God knows they’re all waiting for Michael’s next move anyway. Would make sense that he’d crash Dean’s birthday party.
His body is limp, and Dean runs, positions himself under Cas and reaches out his arms. Sam follows, and together they break the freefall of the crumpled body as best they can. But the impact still knocks them to the earth, and Castiel’s head slips from Dean’s grasp, splits on the sidewalk and starts to ooze blood.
Castiel makes a grunt of assent and nods his head. He decides he could let Dean brush his wings for a long, long time.
Dean makes a soft, low noise into the kiss, then presses forward, wrapping his arms around Castiel. Castiel inhales the scent of him, soaks up the feel of his fingertips where they touch the back of Castiel’s neck. Every cell in his body screams
“I thought it was an odd request,” Castiel muses. “We could hear each other perfectly well here.”
And Charlie nearly bashes her own head against the screen. Great. This dickweed angel obviously ships it, too. At least she’s not the only one.
“Are you sure this is okay? I don’t want to hurt you. I know you still have some issues with your memories…”
“No, Hadriel,” Cas corrects. “Your assignment was to live as humans. And what do humans do?”
The hunter chuckled, taking his hand gently. “I’ve already told Sam, and Eileen, and Jody, and Donna, and Claire that I love you. It would be awkward if I wasn’t sure. Cas, I wasted...years, hiding how I felt, what I wanted, because I was afraid. And I lost everything anyway. I’m not gonna waste one more minute. This is what I want. I’ve made my choice too, and I’m choosing you.”
“I’m fine, Sam, I promise,” I answer, digging into my breakfast.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, you look really fine.”
Finally, Gabriel cracks a small smile. “I believe in him too. Thank you for being so great. You always were the level-headed one.”
Suddenly there’s a hand over my mouth, muffling the broken sound enough for me to hear. “Dean, you have to stop. Listen to me. I’m right here. You need to focus on me and breathe. That’s an order. Do you understand?”
He grins, pulling me up from my chair. “We’d better hurry then.” I manage to keep it together until we get to his room, and then before I know it I have him pinned to the door, kissing him hard. “Someone is not in the mood for sweet and gentle,” he laughs.
Love,
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” He pauses. “Hey, Benny? Did you want to maybe…stay the night? It’s late anyway, and since you’re coming back in the morning…there’s a guestroom down the hall…”
I shake my head. “Pieces, but nothing coherent. How’s Gabriel? Still small?”
I laugh, kissing his cheek in apology. “Sorry. Almost done.” He nods, dozing off again, and after another few minutes I sit back to look at the finished product. It’s been years since I’ve painted anything seriously, but Cas is pretty good inspiration, and I’m pleased with the result. Stretched across his back is a pair of jet-black wings, the edges of each feather etched in gold. The longest feathers trail down along his spine to just above the hem of his pants and down his arms to his elbows, with others following the curve of his lower ribs. Quietly, I slip from the bed, finding the camera and carefully documenting it before he can stir and smudge it. Walking back to the bed, I find myself suddenly nervous, hesitating for a minute before leaning down to smooth his hair back. “Cas?”
Cas laughs, reaching down to run his palm over the clear outline of Dean’s erection. “Uhuh. I can tell. You didn’t enjoy yourself at all.” A breathless little gasp escapes him when Cas squeezes him through the fabric of his sweatpants, and he presses into the touch. “You look a little warm. Perhaps we should get you out of these.”
I frown. “Why not, Dean?”
John smiles warmly at Sam and Dean, clapping them each on the shoulder. “God, I’ve missed you boys...”
I laugh at that. “I’m workin’ on it, okay? Just think about it.”
Dean scanned the room, relaxing slightly when he spotted Cas talking quietly with Eileen, Miracle at their feet. The angel glanced up at him, smiling shyly. “Uh, yeah, morning,” Dean said finally. “What are you guys up to?”
Dean smiles. “I know it’s still going to scare you. So I was thinking that maybe you’d be less scared of it if you tried it on me first.”
Dean chuckles. “Well, things were a little easier after. I did for a while, but Benny worked on it with me until I could deal with it.”
“Shut up and kiss me, will you?”
Ellen looks at him for a moment, appraising. “You could certainly do worse,” she says finally. “Enjoy your dinner.”
“Take me out?” Dean asked, puzzled.
“Yeah?”
“Yes Dean?”
Cas laughs, nodding. “Agreed. Come on, we can cuddle while you eat.”
Cas grins from the doorway. “I’d love to. I’ll see you around seven.”
Cas looks over his shoulder, grinning. “And if I do?”
“That’s not the point! Are you going to tell me what’s going on or not?”
I cut him off, pressing my lips hard to his. “Please,” I whisper, ignoring the desperate tone that’s leaked into my voice. He swallows and nods, kissing a trail down my body and leaving fire in his wake. Shifting to kneel between my knees, he gently pulls his fingers free, and I whine softly at the loss. He smiles up at me almost shyly, pressing a soft kiss to my thigh as he carefully positions himself. He waits for my nod to push forward, holding my gaze and sliding smoothly into me until our hips are pressed together. My fingers twist in the sheets, a loud, long sound somewhere between a moan and a whimper breaking free from my chest at the sudden fullness and sensation. I breathe hard for a moment, every muscle tensed as I try to adjust.
Cas stiffens a little, considering it, but eventually nods, so I call for Sam and sit down beside the angel, keeping a couple of feet of space between us. “Hey,” Sam says softly when he enters. “How are you feeling?” Cas just shrugs, watching him carefully. “Alright then,” he says, maintaining his cheerful tone. “Let’s see what we’ve got. I’m just going to look, I won’t touch.” He cautiously steps closer, taking note of the injuries on Cas’ body. Cas tenses, turning when he tries to get a look at his back.
The understanding slowly dawns on him, and he looks back at the rope for a moment. “I’m going to kill him,” he sighs. “It was just an idea. We really don’t have to…”
I watch Mom say this in slow motion, and my chest is too tight to breathe. It’s a trick, it has to be, but it doesn’t stop the burn of the words as they sear into my brain. “Don’t,” I whisper.
“I promise,” I answer. “I won’t let her.” He gives a watery smile, cuddling closer. When I glance over at Sam, he seems to have bribed Gabriel into silence with candy. “What do we do now?” I ask.
He puts the phone down for a minute, slowly scooting closer. “Alright baby, I’m here. I gotcha. Come here.” Slowly, he coaxes Cas into his lap, thankful when he goes willingly. Once he’s close enough he grabs onto Dean, burying his face against his neck as he sobs. Dean holds him tightly, picking the phone up again. “Step two: complete. What else ya got for me?”
Cas considers it for a moment, glancing around. “Why haven’t we been doing things in here?” he asks finally.
Tears welled up in Cas’ eyes again, and he smiled. “Thank you...all of you. I don’t know what to say...”
“I’ll be fine, Dean,” Cas chuckles. “I promise I’ll call if I need anything. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Almost. Actually, I was kinda wondering if there was anything specific I had to do, or wear or something.”
“Okay,” Cas answers wearily. “It still hurts, but it’s not as bad.”
Cas stirs awake just as we’re pulling up to the bunker, and he scrambles for the door handle before the car even stops. “Guess he really wants to be outside,” Sam mutters.
I briefly register a shout, though it takes a minute to realize that it’s coming from me as my whole body seizes up. Cas is murmuring softly, his fingers gently stroking over me, and when I come around enough to understand him I realize that the bar and cuffs are gone and that I’m sitting in his lap. He’s still talking, but it’s another minute before I can understand him. “Still with me baby?”
He swallows, and I watch his Adam’s apple bob up and down. “Then I…took these off...” he answers, slowly sliding his sweatpants off and spreading his legs wider. Lightly, his fingers wrap around his shaft, slowly pulling upward until his hand slips free. He gasps softly each time he repeats the slow motion, his hips rolling slightly with each movement.
Cas stares around the room for a moment before sighing. “I can’t. I don’t know how.”
When Cas woke up to a cold bed, his initial instinct was to worry. Searching around for a moment, he found Dean in the bathroom, frowning at himself in the mirror. An alarm bell went off, because Dean usually avoided looking in the mirror at all costs. “Everything okay?” he asked softly.
Dean grins, lightly massaging his back as he slips a third finger into him. “What do you need, baby?”
“Do you have a spare key stashed anywhere?”
Wooo for updates! I'm pretty fond of this chapter, hope you guys like it!
I nod. “Well there’s only one way to find out. He’s the only one who was there. But…maybe we should wait a few days. I think he’s got enough to deal with right now.”
I ignore his last comment. “He went alone?”
Dean grinned, nodding and pulling the angel into a tight hug, feeling Cas melt into the contact. “It’s a plan, then... I’m so sorry, Cas. I made you feel terrible, I made you think I hated you, when really I was just...too scared to tell you the truth...”
I’m a little surprised, but nod anyway. “Uh, yeah, sure. If you think it would help.”
“Okay,” Dean murmurs, kissing his forehead softly. “I’ll do my best, okay?” Cas nods, satisfied. “Think you’re ready to get washed up now?”
He nods, suddenly aware that he’s been whimpering softly when Cas touches him. He should be embarrassed, but he just doesn’t have the energy for that, and Cas doesn’t seem upset with him.
Dean hummed in agreement. His face still felt hot, and he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be doing with his hands as he waited for the angel to disappear, but after a few seconds he was still sitting beside him, his thinking face still firmly in place. “...Cas? You okay there buddy?”
