"Bury Sherlock Holmes," Irene says, gathering up her keys and coat in quick, hard motions. "And then come back to Sherlock for Sherlock, because he deserves it. Because, after all this time," she heads for the door, "it’s no longer really a matter of love."
Hesitant, Sherlock offers him a pale, peaked wrist. John rolls it between his palms, wide and salty, and presses very lightly on each side. He moves the touch very slowly, never ghosting over Sherlock's body, always at a constant, reassuring pressure that feels like it flows through him into his friend. The lights are on. Sherlock relaxes.
John's lips twitched, and Sherlock unthinkingly, mindlessly touched the corner of his mouth with a stuttering thumb. John's expression did not change. "I am a doctor, Sherlock."
“Soon,” – Sherlock wants it to be soon, because it did feel sort of nice, but in an isolated way. He doesn’t want to be treated like a child, which is how John actually thinks of him at times. It bothers him to be desexualized, but he can’t pinpoint this bother quite exactly as of yet.
Sherlock took a step forward. "No, it isn't. It's not too late." His hand had found her shoulder. "It's never too late."
He is not working. He is still eating. He doesn’t want to treat people, and doesn’t feel smart enough to do anything else with his degree. The exertion of medical research, of research in which he is only a spectator, even, threatens to drown him. He cannot pick up a journal to skim the ugly print as he has done so often with Sherlock’s untidy limbs in some state of debauchery, tossed over the couch cushions or the chairs, not really judging John’s puttering-around as dull because it’s medicine. John is living off the funds of Sherlock’s brother, who comes over and stands to deliver his weekly Sherlock-report as if it were interesting. John supposes it is, sort of, interesting, or it really should be interesting, that his irascible flatmate has been reduced to a wide-eyed child without even the redeeming curiosity of a five-year-old. He supposes it should be interesting instead of unbearably painful. Sherlock Holmes, tall and knifelike of unearthly beauty, has lost his dignity and solemnity and towering intelligence to protect stout, useless John Watson. John wishes Sherlock was dead.
“I wouldn’t say so.” Her ankles are much thinner than his, although it would be difficult, she thinks, to tell whose look lovelier.
Sherlock understands that this is a confirmation of what he has stated. Despite his prior knowledge of these facts, he feels an inexplicable sadness.
It barely involves any kissing at all. John is very careful and he is not as careful. John is very taken to wearing ugly shirts as he sleeps, so Sherlock has become partial to buttoning him out of them. The first time he did so John asked him where he got off, and when Sherlock looked at his face he let him do as he liked. That hurt, Sherlock thinks, because he senses that John stopped protesting simply because he thought Sherlock was too stupid to be entertained any other way, like a baby with a very loud rattle, and now John is barely tolerating him out of slim superiority. John has not allowed him to continue for this reason only. John lets him open up as many button-downs as he fancies, because old Sherlock would never in a thousand years have done it this way, and John still finds the act damnably interesting. He no longer concerns himself with using Sherlock, who obviously does as he pleases, and has resigned himself to reaping various rewards from being in the presence of his old friend and his addled brains. He spends most of his time reflecting on this situation, and this conclusion is the best he has reached. He wishes Sherlock were here, so that – in the wildly unlikely event that John would ever have confided in him – he could have ripped apart societal values and the sense of propriety and interpersonal boundaries with one long, elegantly-delivered speech of dismissal, and John would have pled exasperation and scorned his amorality but he would have still loved it anyway. This Sherlock, he sees, still has that sense of acquisitiveness and obliviousness to the rules of his earth, but it is more innocent and self-centered on a smaller scale. Sometimes John thinks Sherlock should have grown shorter since his injury, because it's frankly incogruous with his size and beauty for him to be so ordinary. He knows old Sherlock's skin would curl clean off his body if he knew what had happened to him.
"You are acting like a spoiled child," Irene says. "Fall in love with him again if you must. It really cannot be difficult. He is still remarkably lovely."
"I assure you, John, Sherlock was well cared-for by her during your voluminous absence. He is in no danger."
But then they fight. John never thought they would but they do fight and it, he thinks, is terrible, and he thinks this the first time it happens with the sheer ferocity of their middle age. He thinks this in the context of knowing-each-other, of being-together, as in early days Sherlock would simply test John’s tolerance by projecting parts of himself out to be stoned, and John would complain about some useless things – like grocery shopping – and deliberately not complain about other, similar things, perhaps to demonstrate his appropriateness as a companion to him. Each time Sherlock pulled out something new John would be stoically disapproving, or admiring, or sometimes the things pulled out would be so irrationally precious that he would act like someone good, like the John Watson Sherlock needed. This fight is very young, it is very vulnerable, and they have known each other stripped down to such a degree now that John finds their acquaintance aged. It is not a very meaningful thing to do, he knows, but as Sherlock stares at him in irritation he gets down on his knees and leans his throat against the cool edge of the table, and as Sherlock speaks in growing frustration he closes his eyes in Morse like lanterns and opens them to get his voice back into his throat. Sherlock demands to know if he’s gone mad. John blinks so his pupils twinkle in the coming dusk, flashing on and off like stars. He gets back up and walks over to Sherlock’s bedroom, having shed all propriety when he yelled at Sherlock to quit it or shut up already, to make sense for a change, and when in a bid for self-preservation he said very loudly
“It's deliberate,” he says. “And distasteful. Or sometimes it's very tasteful. I don't know. It's more selfish than anything.”
The clang of metal against metal echoed through the room as Mycroft bent the slot out of shape. It was crude, but Sherlock couldn't have thought of anything more precise than this; it blocked out Eurus' words, which had become a constant trill in their ears after he'd given Mycroft the gun. He would have to trust his brother with their basic safety now; pulse drumming in his neck and ears, he went to John. It had been just about twenty seconds.
It is cold because John has kept the inside of the car frosty, almost as if they are back in January with things crystalline before them, like Sherlock's hands, and his spun-glass cheekbones. April is not warm either, but John stops suddenly in the middle of nowhere and fishes Sherlock out of his seat where he seems melded to the coat and the door and the dark, and Sherlock doesn't ask many questions but his eyes are alive. John leaves the Belstaff behind specifically and notes that, even now, after spending so long inside, Sherlock goes out in tight shirts and tailored pants. He notes that Sherlock now leaves behind his suit-jacket, as if peeling off a useless shadow of his life. It feels much more appropriate, and once they have walked enough into the shortgrass he sits down somewhere indiscriminate.
for you, I shot a man dead, I found reasons to stay alive and took care of your newborn child. I am a better human being because you thought I was something different, a thing crushingly beautiful, you thought I was kind and I could grow quiet and that's exactly what I did.
“If I could compensate I’d still be the same person,” Sherlock replies, looking fondly up at his soft chin.
Her head was on Sherlock's chest. He slid one hand down to her waist and held her neck fast with the other. "I've got you now."
"So you paint," John attempts. Sherlock nods, smiling faintly. He is so formidable in height and face and he is smiling. "Colors," he says. John bobs his head.
That was what Sherlock did not want. As much as he had admired Eurus, he could not forgive her for hurting John Watson. "I couldn't have lost you."
"She couldn't have stayed here." Mycroft's words rang back to them from the still corridor. "There was nowhere on Earth she could have gone."
“It's not okay.” His voice is rumbling through me. That's good, that makes it real, he's still speaking and it's coherent so we'll be alright together.
Sherlock shook his head. His sister's hair tickled his chin as he did so. "Her calls stopped once Eurus started talking to me. I thought you'd get the hint."
“It’s different for me,” Sherlock says, which is repetitive but John’ll take it. “John, you – you help.”
"I don't need you to love me back," John says. "I don't mind if you're entirely selfish, if you want to be obsessed with me, if you can't help but be so. I don't mind. I'll love you anyway." Then he makes a stilted movement, as if to turn his back on Sherlock. Sherlock realizes he feels very vulnerable. He knows, contrary to what he's like, John's not a man to speak about such things, not like Sherlock is with his sharp bite and obtuse, recursive quanta of affection. Sherlock cuts out parts of his synthetic emotions and swabs them, slowly and remorselessly, over another person's skin. He snips little pieces of them to use in reaction and cooks up batches of things, nuclear fusion, to make solid what goes on in his head. But John is taciturn and straightforward, and would rather kill a man than admit he loves someone, that he's attached to them, however insensible and unreasonable that might be, so Sherlock resolves to hold each word in a separate cauldron, to hoard them like soft, glittering honey, because they're rare and very difficult and he loves John admirably. Instead of letting John turn around he crashes into him, holds his upper arms, his forehead and chest, and attempts to intimate his whole body into a wild, wild man, tempered with all the solitude and night-shadow of war and culture. And John startles but lets him, John doesn't try and make love, just opens bits of his throat and lungs to the madman in front of him, and Sherlock for once doesn't try to eat what he sees. He doesn't want to drink parts of John down, doesn't want to possess them, he wants to reach out a deft white hand and slide his fingers over each crack and groan of his ribcage and breastbone, but to let John keep all of it. It's the first time this act doesn't feel like evisceration but affection, and Sherlock's mad for it. John's quiet to it but likes it, Sherlock knows he likes it because he loves him, it's so big to be loved by someone like him, and every ugly nudge of boredom crusted in the back of his skull goes silent when John finally grabs his jaw and kisses, awkward and closed-mouthed but suddenly, startlingly passionate, and Sherlock kisses back without knowing what he's doing until each flicker of light behind his eyes die out.
how this relates to our situation? I didn't see it either until you said those final words, but now that you have it's achingly obvious.
Mycroft shifted next to him. Sherlock felt every movement in the room with startling acuity. He knew exactly what Eurus was going to offer him and didn't want to take it; he saw John's face turn ashen and couldn't convince himself he shouldn't.
“I love you,” John says, but he’s not looking at Sherlock as he says it, so Sherlock has a very keen sense that he is speaking to another someone who is not present. There are so many things that they are not saying. John is living the crushing disappointment of having fulfilled a longtime desire, only to find that it wasn’t how it should have been and now can never be as he has wanted it to be. He is torn between resentment, surprise and frustration at this turn of events, and feels that he has attempted to fish out parts of the old Sherlock from this new, crusty husk of his semilover. He misses the life in old Sherlock untellably. New Sherlock knows that all is not right, and that John intends never to really touch him again because of reasons unknown (which are, in reality, that John is scared of disappointment folding back over him, and he is scared that his desires have been twisted into a new, unresponsive package that looks, but never feels all right) and now, knowing that John loves him, and that he wanted to touch his old self, and that Sherlock is not as contemptible as he thought he was, he resolves to get John to stop treating him as if he were fragile. He intends this to involve kissing.
"Yes," he says out loud. The room feels fuller as the word reverberates, growing, growing, through the walls and his retinae. He has realized that he and John once loved each other, but this love has festered inside John and become untenably volatile in him. He can barely detect scraps and shards of it when John turns, when he says something ordinary, and supposes it shattered somewhere when he was shot, like a fragile purse stashed somewhere cranial. When John shows affection he shies away because, he understands, John is not showing affection: He is demonstrating a sort of peculiar tolerance for the creature Sherlock now is, crushing down fury and inadequacy as he does his best to be appealing. Sherlock, on the other hand, feels nothing for no one, but they continue their farce based on a half-acted and fully unspoken commitment that neither can truly bear. Having realized all this, Sherlock gets up and walks into the sitting room. John is holding a rather neurotic pose by the window, head fixed on his neck out the panes, rigidly staring into the street with a sort of corrosive awareness. Sherlock makes sure to stand at a safe distance.
“I didn’t think you loved me even after you got shot for me,” John says honestly. “I’m very self-absorbed, Sherlock, and I’m rough and reclusive, and I can’t tell love apart on the best of days. But I’m tender at heart. I was always a little tender, here and there. I think you loved that best.”
Sherlock looks suspicious, and vulnerable, but he crawls over the bed and into John's arms. With surprise, John realizes that this feels okay. It feels right, better than any halfhearted attempt he's managed, and he can detect the smallest and most gorgeous things he had missed before, like how Sherlock still peers into his eyes. It is no longer the floodlight it was, but his gaze is still wonderfully incisive. John is overwhelmed with relief that now he no longer has to only find Sherlock pretty; at this distance, Sherlock is also complex and touchable in a different way than his many come-hither permutations.
It is easy to perform for John, who is unassuming at best and detached even at their most intimate. Sherlock navigates the minutiae of their interactions with unparalleled skill because John is so responsive, not in word or demeanor but in the little flicks of his eyes. He mines information out of him by his reactions to each small word;
Sherlock wanted to snap at her to stop explaining herself to him, but knew it would be terribly counterproductive. Things felt kaleidoscopic. John's face bloomed on the edges, watching Sherlock anxiously, white but fair and collected. Sherlock was pockmarked with memories, each washing over him in turn: running with Victor, laughing with Victor, Eurus talking to them with a quick smile; running
"Beautiful and terrible are not mutually exclusive." Sherlock's voice had grown terrible itself. "Some things have to be done."
“In love,” Sherlock confirms, a little absently. It’s a marvel just how tolerant he’s being with him. “I’ve always been in love with things. Chosen to be in love. To be present in the moment. It’s never
Sherlock makes a gesture that looks part impatient and part spiteful. “Interesting. Be interesting.”
Each time they see one another it is Odd in all senses of the word. Once, very inadvisably, John lets his hand wander over Sherlock’s nipple as they sit together, as Sherlock tries desperately to look through John’s forehead into his brain and John notes with pleasure that he no longer calls the man before him New Sherlock in his head. Sherlock’s lips part and his brow furrows, and he says, distinctly, “You’re not going to let up until we have sex.”
The memory is sudden and barely recognizable. The man takes up Sherlock’s mind, all of Sherlock’s mind, which is larger and sharper than Sherlock ever remembers it being, because the man is lying right there with his mouth partly open and pain shoots through each nerve of his formidable body, unrelated to the shrapnel in his palms. He mouths a word, a nice round word, but he can’t remember what it is only the feeling of what it was and nothing else, he takes this face and bends his shoulders right over the man like a big cage, like a vulture.
But he knows as well that Sherlock Holmes does not love the way normal people love and might not ever want to have sex with him, and Sherlock Holmes touches John Watson but might not even think of him, Sherlock Holmes is a bright, exquisite thing that he’ll never figure out that might or might not be interested but that doesn't matter.
"I know," he answered. His fingers moved to wrap around John's where they burned through his torso, feeling the coarse aliveness cradle his wrist and skin where they touched. Things had gone still again. "I know."
“I know I’m boring,” he goes on. “I feel it, sometimes, a gap where I know I once could have said or known or done something. And I can’t do it. My brain stops. I know that you used to like me for being clever, and sharp, and cold, and now I’m all round and fuzzy, I’m slow. I remind you of what I once was and you suffer, because each day I cannot do what I – I cannot be as remarkable.” He realizes he has talked for a long time, and internally prides himself on it. John looks old and sad.
say a word, and Sherlock would rather talk about the dead cabbie but they don’t, and the end of their meal brings joint finances by tacit agreement so Sherlock concedes a little intimacy anyway.
"She was dangerous," Sherlock said finally, knowing Mycroft was too far away to hear them now. He still held Eurus' mouth pinned to him by her neck; his shirt had become wet with saliva and blood. "She shot you."
“That process I mentioned,” Sherlock says after a while. “The being-in-love. That makes me a little quiet as well.”
He knelt. John considered him for a moment, then reached out his good arm to touch Sherlock's stomach. Sherlock leaned into him almost instinctively, the contact pulling him down like sand.
"No, we're not," he amended. "You're so much better than I am, Eurus, so much brighter. You've shown me personally, hurt me and watched me until I grew sterile. Nonexistent glass, a perfect metaphor," he said quietly. "Oh, you're abominably lonely. You only want to be moved."
"– is alive and here, no matter how much you wish he wasn't," Irene snaps. The roses she has brought are wilting, slightly, in their container by the sun. This is because the sun has turned bland and discomforting and razes the flower-skins instead of homing inside them. "It's been long enough, John. I know you treat him like an infant, but it's you who's behaving like one. You chose your idealized version of Sherlock over what he became for you, and left him alone to suffer for months while you pined over a memory. Now, all you do is compare what he is to what he was, and tamp down contempt when he can't compete."
While Sherlock remembers all of this, John is doing things. He’s shopping and ordering and making things happen in the flat, Sherlock is prostrate and uncommunicative so John hoovers around him. He brings Sherlock tea and biscuits and grieves next to him, although what exactly they’re mourning remains a mystery. But Sherlock feels the grief through his sinkhole of a chest, and at one point takes John’s hand and makes it follow him, so that John’s on his knees and Sherlock’s flat on the sofa and the hand is between them like an offering, or a child, or something terrible and livid. But John doesn’t even mind that his hand has been abducted, so they stay like that until he has to take a piss, or eat or sleep or something similarly menial; it occurs to John a few times that this is getting too hard to handle in some ways, but it’s lovely and unpredictable and John needs the external input. He needs the unexpected to be able to move on with his life, needs to be startled, needs someone to tell him something that he wouldn’t have been able to just make up in his head. So he loves it, just loves that Sherlock’s so damn mad, and he also knows this means he’s just as demented, and doesn’t touch Sherlock other than to bring him soup that’s left uneaten and a hand that looks very dead. But Sherlock doesn’t mind that.
“I loved it.” Sherlock is beautifully stretched out on the couch in one of his many poses of languor, but recently he seems to be preoccupied as he does so, pensiveness settling into the usual vacancy of his face. John wants to tell him that it’s alright, he still loves him, and he wants Sherlock’s realness to hatch in him again, as it had with the kitchen table along the hard line of his ribs and Sherlock’s eyes clear as glass. He remembers feeling irradiated from head to hip, the dim sunset glow of something barely familiar pressing kisses to his stomach lining. Then he takes hold of Sherlock’s curls and tugs, the heel of his hand digging into the ridge of his skull, and Sherlock pushes the back of his neck into John’s wrist and makes a noise that sounds good, and fair and certain. John pulls his hair well out of his skin, and Sherlock tips his head each way in tensile pleasure, and bites the pad of John’s thumb where it’s hanging loosely towards his mouth.
"Of course she wasn't a tool." Sherlock felt angry with such an assertion when his sister's skin was still clinging to his fingers. "She was beautiful, as wonderful as a tiger. Of course she was nothing but what she had made herself out to be."
“I still care for you,” John says, each word difficult. He has just been struck with a horrible fear that this is it, that Sherlock has turned away for good, the direct statement eating into him. “I can touch you without sexualizing it. I won’t always see things that way. Sherlock, I still care,”
John wants to ask him for respite. He wants to call a break and take Sherlock in by increments, as if they were dating, and at one point perhaps allow him back his life again. But he has spent months considering, and the flat is Sherlock's flat as well, more so than John's, and John feels alarm at his all-consuming reluctance. He has all but ignored his flatmate for over a year for no fault but daring to love John openly. Chagrined, he says yes and moves over on the sofa so Sherlock might sit down, but Sherlock doesn't sit down, he just smiles like the sun.
Sherlock explains his epiphany in the simplest terms possible, remembering that he once thought John unutterably slow. "We're not good for each other," he concludes. "I want to see you, but I don't need love – I don't need you to try and desire me –"
Once, Sherlock would have pushed for more, both before and after the shot; before because he would refuse to be cowed by Mycroft and his meaningless complications, and after because he wouldn’t have realized why Mycroft wouldn’t tell him. Now he lets Mycroft go, his mind settling gingerly around the new puzzle with an odd sense of joy.
"Yes, maybe," Sherlock concedes. His arteries look positively exquisite with the neck of his robe tugged low at is. He knows he has always been delicious, but John seems to have taken badly to his new openness to touching, the notion of an approachable Sherlock disturbingly alien to him. "I do not mind seeing you again. But later." He casts around for better, heavier words. “Later.”
"John." Sherlock had known Mycroft would do this in the small moment they'd shared, with his brother's eyes unfathomably distant. Mycroft was cold and puerile and started wars for the British government; he had kept his own sister stashed away on this small rock for decades. Eurus' death had been nothing short of mercy. "She killed five people in the few hours we've been here. She was the only part of Moriarty that remained."
Sherlock sometimes remembers sequences of things that should have been. Him, crouched in a wan laboratory at a very odd hour, pushing and synthesizing through the chemical swamp of his aorta. John’s face light and neutral, watching the weird passage of the stars in his desert. Sand crunching like glass under his boots and flak jacket, the twists and grooves of his thumbs, sand rubbing his pelvis raw in the heavy heat and John’s eyes pale, calm as violence, watching the sun and the night. A needle breaking in Sherlock’s arm. This never happened but a needle in his arm, snapping to the light and something spurting out, Sherlock’s blood and the thin hard thing in his skin, more fascinating than anything. The still still dark. Being spread out onto a sheet to be probed, but in a good way, and the hands being John’s hands and the teeth John’s teeth, not because it’s sexual but rather very insane.
because he knew terribly that he couldn’t shake Sherlock ever again, ever out of his goose-swollen heart. Sherlock had looked hurt for a moment, and then his face had smoothed out in a way so characteristically Holmes that John had ached through the thick ends of his bones, wanting to do him better. He knows now that he will have to explain his oddness to Sherlock later, but for the moment he has acted so unfathomably that it seems like it would somehow be better to draw away from him for a second, or two seconds, which both feel long. Sherlock putters around in the living room for a while as John introduces the side of his face to Sherlock’s bedcovers; when it feels like he has been there for hours, he comes to lean against the doorframe with an inscrutable expression. John knows that if he pretends to be sleeping it will be the wrong thing to do, so he pricks up his head like a disturbed animal. After a minute or so, Sherlock turns in to sit at his desk, and they settle in for the night.
“That’s all right,” John says. He feels like a sandbag and cannot move his heart. “We’ll leave the kissing for some other time.”
"It's nothing," he was saying. Sherlock could see moisture gathering in the craters of John's eyes, and for a moment was surprised with himself for not having noticed the bruises that had formed there. John gritted his teeth to look up, but Sherlock pressed his head down again as delicately as possible. He worked John's buttons apart with trembling fingers, doing his best to be gentle, and without moving him took a quick look at the injury.
“I threw a fit not to see you when you just began to get better,” John says. He is refusing to look into Sherlock’s eyes. “I was very afraid. I am no longer the man I used to be.”
John Watson still lives in Baker Street. He still lives in Baker Street but Baker Street is a shrine. He has very neatly stacked each memory of Sherlock in a close corner and sometimes spends evenings staring at his pillar in remorse. He spends the rest of his time staring at it, too, but then he does it emotionlessly.
“No.” I know it's not okay, I didn't mean to say that. There's only one thing to say about this that could be Neutral, and not Negative; I'll tell you in a moment, after my cheek's brushed the side of your head. I know that's intimate, but I've got to feel you being solid, I've got to be large enough to have you grow well inside me. “But it is what it is.” I hope someday that starts being Positive, John, and I hope that I can give it to you in the most tender manner possible. Right now I'll just place my good hand on your skin and feel you rock against me; that's all I can do but I'll do it until you've become quiet enough to listen. I hope then things will be different. I hope then I'll know what to say.
“Wait,” John says suddenly. Sherlock turns. John has risen from his seat, face white and rigid. Sherlock’s mind is again very blank.
“From a gunshot wound to the head? Mycroft,” John tries to keep his temper in check, but it’s a losing battle. He hasn’t expressed anything to this man over a year and he hasn’t expressed anything to anyone in years or whatever time has passed since Sherlock died. “Mycroft, he’s empty. He’s done. He used to have a brain and now it’s gone, Mycroft, and I don’t – I don’t know how –” He clutches his temples, right where he knows the bullet would have slammed into Sherlock’s hairline. “I can’t –”
John looked at him, forehead wrinkling with emotion. It seemed that the aide had fled upon Eurus' death, for which act Sherlock could not blame him. He was now alone in the cool room with John and his dead sister, whose blood was pooling onto the white floor like tar. It was such a dire waste. Sherlock's throat hurt at having her had shot in the head, but it wouldn't have been a quick death otherwise.
“Loved, yes, loved, I don’t have a better word. I don’t mean enjoyed. I mean it sluiced through my head, like a little. And of course you didn’t, but I took it on, didn’t I, I followed you around and loved it. God, maybe I’m stupid.”
"Only in feelings that aren't there," Sherlock explains cautiously. "Or things I know I've seen before. Your eyes are always very familiar. I think I spent a long while looking at them."
“That’s new,” Sherlock breathes. Suddenly John looks very sharply in focus, and something’s pressing up against Sherlock’s eyelids. He puts a hand over John’s face and the man startles. “That’s not what I meant.”
"He thought he’d die," John argues. The guilt of years sags heavily in the pit of his stomach. "Not – not this,"
"Let me do it again." He showed the screen his thin, bare hands. "I cannot harm you, Eurus. I cannot make you go quiet. But you don't have to stand behind the glass anymore."
"You're him," he says. John feels a pang at seeing Sherlock state the obvious, which he would never have tolerated before from anyone else.
"That's not a choice," Sherlock muttered irritably. He could feel himself drawing in for a long conversation. "There are dead ends at every turn. This whole game is dead, because in truth none of this is what you set out to do. You control this place, you could have gotten rid of Mycroft at any time; you've already shot John, you've been in my flat, there's nothing this game has done or could do that you haven't had the chance to do before." They were wasting valuable time for John to be tended to. "You want us all to remain alive for as long as your endgame plays out, and it has not played out. I will not cooperate if John dies. Let him be cared for, and do it now."
“I know I should have asked you if you were alright with this,” John says, pulling back. What John is really thinking is that he didn’t ask because he wasn’t sure if Sherlock could give a considered answer. He is uncertain whether this was a justified concern, or whether he just likes to oversimplify Sherlock’s condition in his head for convenience, or self-preservation. Sherlock hasn’t deduced any of this thinking, and now is shaking his head at John in confusion, saying he has already told him that the older, more active, more human him would have wanted to kiss John very much. That version, they both know, would be very different within the kiss. He would be cataloguing, John knows, or just feeling, Sherlock knows, and he would be present and dominant and passive and terrible, and John would laugh into his mouth at some point out of urgency and joy. This Sherlock tolerates, which John should suppose is enough.
Feelings, Sherlock realizes, are something he and Mycroft have never talked about. He’s never thought about feelings himself, although sometimes there is discomfort and agitation and confusion, and rarely there is pleasure, of which sexually Sherlock dimly remembers some activity during which he didn’t really feel present. Finally, he understands that he should be answering, so he says, “Yes. It was odd.”
"Let's not pretend," Eurus said, looking like she really was getting tired of the conversation. "You're not going to kill yourself any longer. You know your friend needs treatment soon, and you won't stop until he gets it. You can't trust that to anyone else. Sherlock, I know you," her voice got delicate. "I know you now. I know what you are with John Watson."
"I'll tell you," John says a few minutes later, turning his head to face the window. In pours the light of dawn, red as pomegranate juice, painting Sherlock's cheekbones alien. "I will."
“Two months, that makes sense,” said Mrs, Hudson, nodding, “and honestly, how long did you think you keep this from me?” This did nothing to help John’s feeling as though he was being scolded by a schoolmistress.
“First of all,” said John, laughing, “snowball fights are rarely agreed upon before hand. Second of all, this is how you make a snowman. Here, do what I’m doing,” Sherlock leaned down suspiciously and copied John’s snowball, seeming less defensive now that he had a weapon of his own, should he need it, Sherlock followed John’s lead and added more snow to his ball, until eventually it was big enough to roll along the ground, getting bigger and bigger, until eventually John and Sherlock had the bottom and middle portions of the snowman.
Sherlock took the last bites of his toast and went over to the couch, where he laid down with his hands behind his head and his feet extended over the armrest, closing his eyes. John drank the final dregs of his coffee and went into the living room where Sherlock was stretched out. He considered sitting down in his own chair, but decided against it and went over to the couch where Sherlock was laying. “Scoot over,” he said, tapping Sherlock on the shoulder.
“Yes, this one’s for you,” she said, handing him the top box. “And this one’s for you.” She brought the second box to where Sherlock was sitting in his chair and handed it to him. He smiled, set the lab report Molly had sent him aside, and took the box into his hands. John sat down into chair and glanced at Sherlock, who gave him a questioning look. John shrugged slightly as if to say “I don’t know any more than you do.”
“And I bet it would have been just as a successful in a laboratory, instead of our kitchen!” John cried, shaking Sherlock by the shoulders. Sherlock laughed softly and they rested their foreheads together, John shaking his head back and forth, hands still resting on Sherlock’s shoulders. “I don’t know what to do with you sometimes,” he said.
“Come on Sherlock, we’ve got nothing to do today and if we sit around here you’ll get bored and start setting things on fire.”
“Christmas-? Tomorrow is Christmas?” Sherlock said, looking around as if a calendar would be floating midair somehow.
“Sure,” said Sherlock, and when they reached the cafe he pulled open the door for John and they stepped inside. Sherlock didn’t let go of his hand as they got in line and John leaned against him as they waited, happy that Sherlock was finally comfortable holding hands in public.
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up at him for a second before rolling onto his side to make room for John. John lowered himself onto the couch, his back pressed against Sherlock so that they were both facing the fireplace across the room. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and tucked his chin against John’s shoulder. “Should we open our presents now, or later?” he asked, looking over at the small stack of gifts that was sitting beneath their tree.
Sherlock frowned and gazed at the liver, holding it up to see it better in the sunlight. John continued cleaning, with his back turned, while Sherlock set the petri dish down and bent over a notebook that had been sitting on the table. He scribbled some notes about the changes in the liver before looking sadly at it. “I have to say goodbye to you,” he said to it, picking up the dish melancholically and bringing over to where John was waiting with an open bag.
Mrs. Hudson took the gift and tore away the wrapping paper. She pulled out an ornament that had pictures of dogs chasing cats, and cats casing dogs. Before Mrs. Hudson could say anything Molly started explaining herself, “I didn’t know if you were a cat person or a dog person,” she said, sounding concerned that Mrs. Hudson didn’t like it, even though Mrs. Hudson hadn’t yet had a chance to react, “so I just got the one that had both. And if you-“
“So, you two are a thing now?” Lestrade asked John as they bent down together to look through a stack of plastic bags that had been discarded recently in a corner. Sherlock had arrived with his arm slung around John’s shoulder. Their conversation with Mrs. Hudson the day before had seemed to spark in him an increased need to be very close to John at all times. Even in public, which he usually shied away from.
John smiled and lifted his head from Sherlock’s shoulder. “Alright, groceries,” he said. He pressed one last kiss to Sherlock’s lips and stepped back. Sherlock stepped forward as well, leaving the tree and standing next to John. They exchanged a glance before walking from the park and to the grocery store, both slightly dripping with snow.
Sherlock shook his head, leaned back in his chair, and took a sip of his hot chocolate with an air of finality, as he was marking the end of the conversation. When he set the cup down he had a mustache of whipped cream on his upper lip. John snorted and Sherlock, realizing what had happened, hastily whipped it off and glanced around to see if anyone had seen.
“Ok, great, I’m so glad,” she said, nervously clasping her hands in her lap. Mrs. Hudson smiled turned to Mycroft, who looked entirely unsurprised to be handed a gift by her. He took the gift she handed him with a smile and delicately untied the bow and removed the wrapping, careful not tear the paper. Inside was a glass paperweight with the words Shut Up engraved on the top. “I know how fond you are of the phrase,” Mrs. Hudson said.
After the waiter was gone he took a deep breath. “Well me and my mates TP’d my professor’s house once.”
Sherlock blinked at him for a moment before nodding curtly and lifting the violin once again to his shoulder. He paused for a moment, bow hovering over strings, and hesitated. He seemed undecided about something, like he was waging a mental battle over what to do. Then, just as suddenly as he had lifted it, Sherlock set the violin down and turned away.
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline, “a personal matter? Well this should be fun.” John gave him a kick from where he was sitting in his own chair and nodded a Mycroft to continue.
John put the dough in the fridge and walked over to stand in front of Sherlock. “I have a few ideas,” he said, standing onto his tip-toes to kiss Sherlock. Sherlock laughed, throwing his head back and placing his hand in John’s hair. John trailed kisses down Sherlock’s neck and they moved from the kitchen to while away the hours.
“No,” said Sherlock placidly without looking up from his microscope. John rolled his eyes and shuffled over to the table, decorations wavering dangerously, and dumped the stack onto the cleanest spot he could find. “John be careful,” Sherlock called at the sound of boxes clattering, “you’re going to break something.” John threw a fake pinecone at him.
He smiled and looked back up at the lights. Gazing up at the lights and nestled against Sherlock’s side, John let his mind wander. He wondered what it would be like if they did this forever. Argue over a freshly rotting corpse, then go out for evening strolls, hand in hand. Make each other breakfast before chasing criminals through the streets of London. It felt like a life they could have together. It felt like they could spend forever the way they were now.
“Now is not the time, Sherlock,” John snapped as Mycroft let the door slam behind him. They worked in silence for few minutes before Molly came back. Her eyes were a bit puffy, but she seemed otherwise composed.
When Lestrade walked into their flat he was greeted by greeted by a small army of origami animals. Yesterday Sherlock had eventually moved on, not only from that day’s paper to all of the papers from the last week, but had also advanced into making various other animals. Lestrade moves aside a large paper frog and sat down on the couch. “So,” he said, “triple homicide.”
They walked along Oxford Street for a while longer, gazing around at the lights and the decorations and all of the people. The smell of peppermint drifted towards them from somewhere in the distance and the sounds of people talking and Christmas carols piped in through hidden speakers filled the air.
“No,” Sherlock said, barely blinking before he responded. John knew Sherlock hadn’t even gone over their schedule in his mind before responding and, when he laughed, Sherlock could feel John’s chest shaking slightly against his ribcage. He looked deeply into John’s eyes, a small grin playing across his face. John grinned back and licked his lips compulsively, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s.
When he finally rose in the morning, after a long night of restless tossing and turning, the sun was filtering through the thin curtains, sending shafts of light across the room, illuminating the dust particles floating in the air. John sighed and sat up, downstairs he could hear Sherlock moving around in the kitchen.
“Alright fine, I’m achy, and my throat hurts like hell, and I still feel like I might drop dead at any minute, but I really do feel much better, compared to yesterday.”
“Yes, we won’t be out too late,” John called back. They shut the door behind them and headed to the park to enjoy the snow.
Sherlock sighed, letting out a long breath of air and John felt his chest deflating with resignation in his arms. “Alright, fine,” he said. John beamed at him, bouncing up and down with excitement. “Now who’s acting like a child?” Sherlock asked at John’s display of boyish enthusiasm.
Sherlock laughed and squinted at the sharped candy cane. “Yeah, you could definitely stab someone with that, or poison them. I’ve seen stranger.”
“It’s not that hard,” John insisted, “I can’t believe I finally found something that I’m better at than you.”
The look on Sherlock’s face made John’s heart splinter. “No, of course not. No,” he said reaching across the table and grabbing Sherlock’s hand. “I love you so much, I was just trying to figure out when my dopamine turned into oxytocin you dimwit.” Sherlock’s shoulders visibly relaxed and he went back to reading his menu. John, relived to have had Sherlock’s clear, scientific view cut through the muddled state of his own brain, also resumed picking out what to eat for lunch.
“No, no, I know what you said. Yes please, I’d love to.” John smiled at her, still utterly confused by this sudden burst of apologetic sympathy in Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled at John’s sudden transformation from concerned boyfriend to assured doctor and obeyed, settling into the pillows that John had begun placing behind his head to prop him up. When John was satisfied that Sherlock was in a comfortable position he went to the kitchen and put the kettle on before filling up a glass of water.
“Yes, I know everyone’s ‘secret Santa’ as you call it,” he said. Molly sighed to herself and looked down at her gift. She smiled up at John again and began carefully pulling back the wrapping paper. Inside was a box, which she opened and pulled out a mug. “That’s a caffeine molecule,” she exclaimed, turning the mug around to show the room. Printed on the mug was indeed a picture of a caffeine molecule.
“I don’t need a full rundown on the detailed particulars of your experiment. Did you or did you not set human organs on fire inside our flat?”
“Don’t you go getting mad at me too,” Sherlock said. John got up to make tea and tousled Sherlock’s hair.
John laughed at his expression and took a sip of his cider. “You look amazing,” he said, “you’re getting into the Christmas spirit already.” Sherlock’s frown was firmly in place as they finished their drinks and headed back to Baker Street. But John could tell, from the glint in his eye and the way he jostled John’s shoulder affectionately as they were walking, that Sherlock would be enjoying Christmas indeed.
“What the hell is what?” Sherlock asked, putting the last of the soup away and walking over to where John was standing in front of the open fridge. John gestured weakly at the jar of murky, yellow liquid that had strange pink lumps of flesh floating in it. “Oh, those are my pickled kidneys.”
“I’m sorry, Lestrade just called to say he needed your help solving a murder and you’re sitting there eating toast?”
They stood together in the doorway for a moment, John nervously biting his lip, intimidated by the task before them, and Sherlock with his hand placed determinedly on his hips. “Shall we?” he said, looking over at John, who took a deep breath and nodded.
John laughed quietly, his breath coming out soft and slightly uneven. “Do we have anything planned for the rest of the day?” he asked.
John coughed and took a sip of his water. To the other customers he probably looked like he was having some kind of fit. Hell, he was having some kind of fit. “Ok, that’s enough of that conversation,” he said. Sherlock’s eyebrows were raised in amusement. He never got very embarrassed or bashful about these things, and apparently John’s display of discomfort was amusing to him.
John had expected something to change after their big “I love you,” the day before, but they’d still woken up next to each other, had breakfast together, gone to St. Bart’s together, and everything was exactly the same. He had thought for some reason, that when he woke up Sherlock would look slightly different, or when they had breakfast and went about their day, that there would be a different feeling between them. Not better or worse, just different. But instead they had continued with their lives as if nothing had happened at all. John knew Sherlock probably thought of it in scientific terms, so he nudged him with his foot under the table and asked “does anything change after you say I love you? Like with the chemicals in your brain?”
“They’re just, well, I wanted to know how different organs would react to fire after being exposed to various extraneous conditions,” he said, walking towards the table, gesturing to the equipment, “So I’ve set up an experiment where I-” John held up his hand to stop him, knowing that Sherlock would go on for hours if he let him.
Just as suddenly as they had entered the little corner, they were kissing, Sherlock’s hands on the side of John’s face and John’s head titled up to meet his lips. John rose up onto his toes to reach Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock bent down, and they met in the middle, almost crashing into one another, Sherlock eager, and John still slightly disoriented, but happy to go along with this. Despite the cold winter air John was warm, with Sherlock’s body radiating heat as he pressed up against him.
Mrs. Hudson had knocked on their door a few minutes before, the expression on her face eager, determined, and a bit hopeful. “Are those for us?” John had asked, nodding towards the two rectangular white boxes in her hands.
Sherlock smirked and stretched his arms above his head, nestling his hands behind his head, “I’ve had a good doctor,” he said.
“How does one go their entire adult life without acquiring any Christmas tree ornaments?” Was John’s retort. Sherlock shrugged, tilted his head as if to say “touché,” and began assessing John’s massive ornament collection.
“Mistletoe? I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she said, raising her hand and coyly playing with her earring.
They sat like that for the rest of the afternoon and into the evening, Sherlock working on the case and John going between writing for his blog and staring out at the quickly melting snow. Across the street people were putting up Christmas lights and he watched as they struggled on their increasingly slippery surface. At one point Sherlock got up and gave John a kiss on the cheek. Later he called Lestrade to explain what he had figured out about the paper. “Yes, it has everything to do with the case!” John heard him yell. “Idiot,” he muttered as he hung up and plopped into his chair.
“I suppose you two already know who everyone got gifts for,” Molly said, looking between the two Holmeses.
“Christ, how are you so perfect?” John said, leaning over and stealing a glance at Sherlock’s perfectly symmetrical and beautifully designed snowflake cookie. Sherlock shrugged, not looking up from his cookie and John started on a Christmas tree shaped cookie. When they were done Sherlock moved on to a Christmas tree that would eventually get an incredibly detailed set of ornaments and John picked up a snowflake. They continued, silently bent over their cookies, and when they were done they had a collection of some uncommonly beautiful cookies and some incredibly messily decorated cookies.
A couple more minute passed and a police car appeared outside. The boy’s eyes widened as Lestrade stepped out and entered the restaurant. He put the man in handcuffs and led him out to the car, the man barely protesting. “What the fuck dude,” the kid said, turning to Sherlock.
“What? No, that’s not why I’m here,” Mycroft glanced nervously at John, which John found odd. All of Mycroft’s body language at the moment was odd. “I um, I came on a personal matter.”
“Yes, it is. It has snowmen, magic, and overt themes of family and love, all of which are frequently present in Christmas movies. Not to mention, its set in, and good to watch during, winter time. Therefore, Frozen is a Christmas movie, despite never actually mentioning the holiday.” Sherlock’s tone was one of coolheaded rationality, as if he were explaining multiplication, or how to dissect a human brain.
“Stop pouting and check if these lights work,” said John handing him a string of lights and placing a kiss on his cheek.
A cold winter breeze was wafting down the street, but the hot chocolate in one hand, and Sherlock’s hand in the other, kept John’s ungloved hands warm as they walked. John took a sip of his hot chocolate and burnt his tongue. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at his sharp and exhale. “Hey, I’m in pain here,” John said at his barely suppressed smile.
“I just came back to see if-“ she stopped abruptly and stared at them. She recovered much quicker than John and Sherlock though, one of whom was so red-faced that she was actually worried for his health, and the other of whom had curled into a ball and didn’t look like he’d be returning to a normal posture anytime soon.
“I know,” agreed Sherlock, “all this Christmas cheer is putting people into such a good mood. We need the holidays to pass so they’ll start murdering each other again.” At this John almost keeled over. He marveled at the things that came out of Sherlock’s mouth sometimes, and while he was still marveling over Sherlock’s casual use of the word ennui, this really took the cake.
Coming out of his temporary stupor Sherlock snapped the lights off and stood up. “Yep, these work,” he said, ruining the moment. John sighed internally and shook his head, turning back to the tree. With anyone else he would have been annoyed. With Sherlock, well, he didn’t. He just felt amazed that he had managed to charm this incredible person, and terrified that one day Sherlock would really shake out his stupor and realize what a sodding mess John was. But for now John just felt content to sigh and start wrapping lights around the tree.
They napped like that for a while, pressed against one another like nesting dolls, John’s chin fitting perfectly against Sherlock’s shoulder. The morning hours slipped quietly away, with only a whisper of shared breath, and when John blinked awake a few hours later the snow outside hadn’t stopped, but it was lighter and the sound it made was less of a dull roar, and more of a quiet pattering. He stayed tucked against Sherlock for some time, sleepily enjoying the peace and quiet.
As Sherlock sifted the flour John added milk and eggs to the butter and sugar. Once he finished sifting together the dry ingredients Sherlock handed to bowl to John, who slowly added it to the bowl of milk and eggs and bitter and sugar. Together they peered onto the bowl as the mixer turned the concoction into the recognizable form of dough. “Now would be the normal time to steal some of the dough,” John said, shutting off the mixer.
John looked down at his snowflake covered attire and nodded. “Yes. Yes we are.” He slid his arm around Sherlock’s waist. They all looked around at each other, waiting for Greg to show up. When he showed up a few minutes later he looked slightly harried.
I busied myself pouring the soup into a bowl and placed it in front of Sherlock, who at the smell of food seemed to sit up a little straighter. I handed him a spoon and sat myself down at the table, watching Sherlock intently as he, rather uncharacteristically, began slurping his soup enthusiastically.
He took another breath and began again, “He drugged me with a tranquiliser gun and took me somewhere. I eventually found out that it was a basement of an abandoned house in the country. It wasn’t very stylish believe me…”
Mycroft averted his eyed from my own piercing, rage filled gaze, “For the moment, he is still free but in deep hiding. Our attempts to capture him obviously spooked him. He’s gone underground with no trace… What you must know is that Sherlock is fragile at the moment, mentally and physically. He spent two months in physical rehab and another three getting mental assistance. I want you to be careful John. He’s not in his right mind at the moment and you will have to take extreme caution and care when treating him. I know you’ll take care of him John, you always have, but this time… Sherlock is so… I just hope that we aren’t too late…”
“And I don’t want you to get worse,” I said firmly. "This is going to be tricky for both of us, and I might make mistakes when it comes to helping you. But I know we can do it."
“He said I was to type out the history of the building that was only ever hand written. I thought this was weird but I thought for the money they were offering I had scored big you know. They only asked me in for four hours every morning and this went on for eight weeks.”
I bit the inside of my cheek to stop myself sobbing. I blinked viciously, I wasn’t going to let Sherlock see me cry, not when he needed me to be strong. So I buried my face in his hair and whispered, “Don’t say that, Sherlock. Please, just don’t…”
I tweaked the nipple he had directed me to, eliciting the dirtiest sound I had ever heard come out of Sherlock’s mouth, “Hng, John…”
Half an hour later, I was sitting in my armchair with a cup of tea watching the morning news on mute so as not to wake Sherlock who was still sleeping fairly undisturbed on the couch. I kept glancing over at his form, thinking about how I felt about all that had happened in the last twenty four hours.
Only when Moran had been scooped off the pavement, bundled into the back of a police car and removed from my line of sight did I register the pain in my leg and the new throbbing of my knuckles. I also realised that I was shaking, and that Sherlock was saying my name.
Seeing Sherlock still comfortably sleeping (and resisting the sudden unexpected urge to brush the curls that had fallen over his face away from his eyes) I stood and padded to the kitchen.
I stopped dead in my tracks before reaching up to Sherlock’s neck where his scarf had come lose. I gently pulled his scarf off entirely and pushed his collar down.
“I know that this meeting may set me back, possibly quite far. I accept that. But I will get better,” he said with determination, before cupping my face gently and saying softly, “because now I know I can get better, as long as we do it together. With you by my side, I can be Sherlock Holmes again. Just you and me against the rest of the world!”
Over the last few weeks, Sherlock had been acting very out of character. I saw him in the kitchen trying to pour himself some tea but his hands were shaking so badly that he spilt hot water all over the counter.
Sherlock pulled away slightly and I could see his rational self fall back into place, retaking control of his passion. He took in the situation and for the first time seemed to fully notice my erection pressing into his back and his own straining trousers, “Oh god. I’m so sorry John. I didn’t mean…”
He nodded back, “Yes, it’s just I’ve um, never actually, well, you know… I’m not sure I know what to do.”
As I waited, my gaze wandered over to Sherlock and I began taking in every detail before I even knew it. His cheekbones, his eyes, and his Cupid’s bow lips that looked so enticingly kissable… I wondered what it would be like to have my own lips pressed against his, to ravish his mouth…
I cocked my head to the side as I looked at him curiously, “You’ve thought about kissing before then?”
Moran’s eyes darted to Sherlock and I saw a dark hunger in their depths that made me want to strangle him with my bare hands. Sherlock lips were quivering with a mixture of anger and fear at my thorough frisking. Moran smiled lasciviously at Sherlock and approached him.
“A robbery,” Sherlock said, as he strode into the bank with what I knew to be false confidence, “an armed robbery at that.”
I rolled my hips against him and sucked at a nipple. Sherlock arched off the bed, stopping him from speaking. I shuffled down slightly for better access to his navel, his cock rubbing against my stomach. I nuzzled the fine hair that trailed down tantalisingly below his boxers.
Sherlock’s openness in our relationship astonished me. I had thought it would be strange to be close to him romantically, like I would be getting disembodied fingers for valentine’s day or something, but he was surprisingly open, even romantic.
Sherlock smiled and chuckled uneasily as if he hadn’t meant to say that out loud. I pulled my pants back up and adjusted them appropriately before leaning in and kissing Sherlock sweetly. He returned the kiss enthusiastically, pulling me closer to him. I felt the wet patch in Sherlock’s groin and pulled away with a grimace.
Mycroft shifted uncomfortably, averting his eyes back to his phone. Sherlock also looked slightly awkward about the insinuation of Mycroft’s brotherly affection clouding his judgement, but he cleared his throat and gestured for Greg to continue.
I awoke next morning to find Sherlock curled around me like giant cat, his breath tickling my neck where his face was buried. I smiled and nuzzled against his temple, tracing patterns on his back idly until he woke up.
I found once more that pacing just made me worry about him, so I went over to the mantle where Sherlock’s skull friend was sitting and leaned against it. I tried to stretch and work out the kinks in my neck and back but after I had relieved almost no tension, I regarded the skull.
“S’okay…” he mumbled. I decided to rouse him before he fully fell asleep again, so I encouraged him to his feet and guided him to his bedroom. I pulled the covers back and helped him in. He fell asleep instantly, and I left the room with the door open, in case he had any nightmares.
“Uh, Greg? I think he’s going to be sick, can you help me get him outside so he doesn’t contaminate the crime scene?” Before I had even finished the sentence, Greg was at Sherlock’s side and we hauled him out of the apartment and into a neighboring alleyway where Sherlock threw up what little he had in his stomach.
“Look at you, trembling so beautifully for me. Your doctor did an admirable job of cleaning you up, but I can’t wait to start fresh,” Moran brought his hand up to brush the back of his fingers against Sherlock’s cheek but he jerked his face away from Moran’s touch and glared viciously.
At that moment, Sherlock rolled over and grasped my hand with his other one and pulled me closer. I sat there for a moment, unsure as to how I should proceed. In the end, I decided to leave him alone to rest but as I tried to free my hand from Sherlock’s grasp, his eyes fluttered open.
I got up and put on some pyjama bottoms before wrapping myself in Sherlock’s dressing gown. Sherlock sat up and looked at me with a raised eyebrow as I made my way towards the door, “You’re going to go out to see Lestrade wearing my dressing gown?”
“I see…” What could I possibly say in answer to that? Thankfully, I didn’t have to answer anything more.
“No we can’t. I’m worried about you and I want to know what happened in those three years I thought you were dead,” I said, standing my ground.
Sherlock started shaking his head desperately and mumbling incoherently. I squeezed his hands and shook them gently, “Sherlock? Sherlock, listen to me. I know that you’re scared, but we’re gonnna get through it, yeah?”
I rubbed his back, figuring that he would tell me when he was ready. God, I felt like such an idiot. I'm a doctor, for god's sake! I shouldn't have opened my mouth... I guess seeing Mrs. H so worried about him made me feel obligated to explain Sherlock's behaviour. After sitting with him for a few more minutes and continuing to rub his back gently, his breathing slowed slightly. He didn’t raise his head but he mumbled something into his arms.
I heard a sniffle from the doorway of the kitchen and I looked over to see Harry standing with a glass of water and tablets, tears running over her cheeks, “That was the saddest piece of music I’ve ever heard.”
“Sometimes I look in the mirror… and I see it and… everything comes back,” he said, the haunted look came back into his eyes and his breathing began to become erratic and laboured again.
Sherlock shook his head, clamping his eyes shut. I sighed; he must have been drugged as well, perhaps some kind of date rape drug? I had to convince him to take them, but how?
With that, there was a clatter down the stairs and a jumble of voices as both men left in a flurry of activity to get everything set up. The sudden stillness in the flat was jarring, and I didn’t know what to do with myself. The anger Greg had glimpsed began to recede again as I realised just how right he was, the more we knew the greater the risk of discovery.
“Well, you’re lucky that I’m very bored at the moment so I will take your case,” Sherlock said with a sigh as though it caused him physical pain. He got to his feet and left the interrogation room to find Lestrade standing outside.
I nodded. Of course, I would never consider springing this revelation on him in his current state. But, it was definitely going to be easier said than done to keep a lid on my new and confusing feelings. I just had to make sure that Sherlock was focused on healing, maybe he wouldn't even notice...
Groaning, I pressed my thumb over the slit at the end, spreading pre-come over my cock and continued fisting myself under Sherlock’s hungry gaze. The way he watched me, like I was something to be devoured, made me thrust harder and moan louder.
She dabbed at her eyes before clearing her throat to speak, “I knew something was wrong but I could never have imagined... Poor Sherlock.”
“Listen, you need to take them so you can feel better. Trust me! I’m a doctor,” I said with a smile.
“Don’t be sorry,” I cupped his face in my hands and pressed a tender kiss to his clammy forehead, “We both got really worked up there!”
I nodded in acquiescence. I was silent for a few moments, allowing Mrs Hudson time to process what I had told her. I then thought back to my morning ponderings and the subsequent revelation and decided that I needed a second opinion regarding my feelings for the man sleeping on the couch upstairs.
Sherlock hummed in appreciation as I plucked his blue dressing gown off the back of the door. I smiled at him over my shoulder, enjoying the sight of him stretched out amongst the sheets with a sleepy smirk and hooded eyes.
He started to shake his head again, “No, you don’t understand. I can’t, not again… don’t let him hurt me John, please… oh god, John please…”
We sat like this for a little while, until suddenly Sherlock shut the lid of his laptop with a snap and a growl at it before turning on his side in a huff, bringing his knees up and curling into a ball. I closed my book and looked at him; I assumed he hadn’t found the answers he was looking for.
We lay in each other’s embrace for a little longer until my uncomfortable fidgeting due to the mess on my front caused Sherlock to order me into the shower. I got up off the bed and casually walked to the door, not stopping for any clothes on the way. If I was allowed to walk naked around Sherlock’s bedroom now, why not enjoy it?
At that moment, Sherlock burst through the door, “I know who killed them. It was the cleaning lady!”
“Careful John!” Sherlock exclaimed, reaching towards me as I shuffled towards the back of the ambulance, waving the paramedics away.
I took a shaky breath and nodded at him absently, taken aback at the fierceness in his manner. I was surprised to see so much of his old self in his behaviour when, honestly, I had expected him to be much more fragile in response to Moran’s sick messages.
Gunfire. All I could hear was the explosions of gunfire. All I could smell was Sherlock’s hair under my nose where my face was pressed against his head. All I could feel was the hammering of my heart in my chest and the throbbing of my leg. The room was dark, and I couldn’t see a thing. This was all I could register for what felt like hours but really was only a few minutes.
These feelings made me feel so terrible, like I was taking advantage of him or something, but I knew I had to assist him for his own safety. So I grasped Sherlock’s forearm and led him to the edge of the bath. Swallowing hard and trying to push all emotions away, I moved my hands to the waistline of his pyjama bottoms.
“Where is he?” I asked as forcefully as I could, though it came out sounding gravelly from inhaling the painkillers.
I nodded, returning his smile, closing the door behind me as I was greeted inside by Mr Wilson’s alarmingly bright red hair and Sherlock sitting with steepled fingers across from him. I sat down in the empty chair next to him and waited for Sherlock to begin.
“I would have a cold shower and it would go away,” he said matter-of-factly. “The only sexual experience I’ve had was with…”
They both turned towards me when I entered the room and asked with grim resolve in my voice, “What’s the situation, gents?”
There was a brief moment where we both said nothing. We just sat motionless in a sea of activity as Mycroft’s men secured the area. I closed my eyes as I suddenly felt exhausted, all the adrenaline draining out of me as relief at Sherlock’s safety overtook me. I also felt the dull throbbing in my leg start to intensify but it hardly mattered because Sherlock was safe…
“No, I was just wondering how Sherlock is. You know, just wondering what’s going on… I worry about him…”
Sherlock smiled, “I think it is appropriate in this situation to say that I had an excellent teacher!”
“Yeah, yeah okay. Just um, let me get a book and I’ll be back,” I said. Sherlock nodded and released my sleeve. I let out a shaky breath and went over to my armchair to collect my book.
It was after this incident that I knew there was something seriously wrong, but when this post-traumatic stress got so serious that it started affecting Sherlock’s work, that’s when I got really worried (not that I wasn't already before but…). I got so desperate that I even considered calling Mycroft but I quickly dismissed that idea and although I desperately wished for a solution to help him get better, I never expected the solution to turn out quite like it did…
I itched to be a part of the planning, the idea of not knowing was already making me antsy, but they were right. I’m not the greatest liar at the best of times and even I didn’t quite know what I might do once Moran was in front of me. The cold rage I feel whenever Sherlock is in danger, rage that I first felt that night when I shot the cabbie for him, was bubbling under the surface. I was suppressing it for now, cultivating it until that bastard was withing my reach…
I was shaking my head before he had even finished speaking, “No, Mycroft. Absolutely not. It’s too much of a risk! He’s your own brother, for Christ’s sake, and you want to use him as bait?!”
Greg looked doubtful as he watched Sherlock intently, who shrunk back in shame further into the corner of the room, hiding behind his mug of tea. I stepped between the two men, “It’s alright Greg, he’s going really well and things like this are to be expected.”
Greg choked on his tea as I smirked. He coughed quietly before replying, “I suppose that’s only natural, I mean God only knows what he went through…”
Sherlock nodded and sent a message agreeing to the terms, releasing a shaky sigh as he pushed the laptop away. I squeezed his shoulder and we began to turn away from the screen. Suddenly, a new notification made us all turn back:
Mycroft held up a hand to halt his brother, “Stay where you are, Sherlock. You don’t need to see this again.”
Greg regarded to two of us with an 'aw-they’re-so-cute' face before sobering, “I’m not completely incompetent no matter how much you call me an idiot, Sherlock. I can tell when you’re hurting. I always have.”
Sherlock hummed and moved his kisses down my neck. I tilted my head to the side to allow him more access, against my better judgement, but it just felt so damned good. The dressing gown I wore had slipped slightly, exposing my bare shoulder.
My feelings for Sherlock hadn’t lessened or exactly increased as I had been so worried about trying to get him better. But now that he was better, I didn’t know how to proceed. But Sherlock, being Sherlock, solved all these worries in his usual abnormal fashion.
“You’re going to be alright, Dr. Watson,” said the calm voice again. “It’s just a graze and no major arteries were punctured, but you’ve lost a fair amount of blood.”
Greg cleared his throat, bringing me back to myself. He eyed me worriedly, as though he had seen a glimpse of the fire behind my eyes with the thought of getting my hands on Moran. His voice was tense when he spoke, “Just go to the location he tells you and we’ll handle the rest.”
I nodded, fighting the lump in my throat. I turned away in an attempt to give Sherlock his space when he spoke again, “I don’t think it counts though.”
The shock of hearing him talk so nonchalantly about what had happened made me drop the soup ladle I was holding. I closed my eyes, leaning on the bench. The way he talked, as if it didn’t even matter. To be honest, it scared me to death.
“Which he didn’t think to cover his tracks on,” said Mycroft. “We have his current location and just under ten minutes to surprise him. My people are on the way as we speak.”
Sherlock started shaking his head slowly, huge eyes becoming watery. I placed a hand on his cheek, “Don’t worry Sherlock, we are going to fix this!”
I got no answer but I did hear lots of sniffling and muffled sobs, as though he had put his hand over his face to stop me from hearing him. I knocked again and when still no reply was given, I decided to open the door just a fraction to check on him.
“What would you have me do then? Just leave it be until Moran barges straight in here?” Greg fired back.
Sherlock turned to look at me, examining my face for sincerity before nodding the smallest nod hesitantly. I smiled at him and he smiled hesitantly back, a warm fuzzy feeling of hope spreading through my body.
Another short one, sorry! I feel terrible for leaving you all hanging but I'm flat out at the moment!
As we moved through the gloom, I surreptitiously looked around for any signs of movement, either from Moran or from Mycroft’s men. The building was still, apart from the creaking of old metal in the night air. I supposed it was a good thing that there was no sign of our backup as we didn’t want Moran to suspect anything, but somehow that thought didn’t comfort me in the slightest.
Some time later, I started to drift into wakefulness, and I could feel Sherlock’s gaze on me. I could also feel the dried evidence of our exploits on my stomach and inside my mouth, which was a far less enticing sensation than the slow dance of Sherlock’s long fingers over my hip. I groaned in displeasure at the dried substance on my belly.
Sherlock continued to look at me before harrumphing and leaving the table to collect his laptop. “If you want to return to work then you are more than welcome to. I’m sure I can cope on my own for a few hours a day,” Sherlock said, collapsing into his armchair to peruse his website.
“Hey, it’s okay Sherlock. You’re okay, I’m here, you’re safe,” I said, slowly edging towards him. As I approached, I saw him trembling and looking even paler than normal. I was only a foot or so away from him, still murmuring comforting words to him when I saw it.
Sherlock shifted his weight nervously, eyes focused on his violin and not on me. He was obviously very uncomfortable about his breakdown last night and wasn’t sure how to deal with the aftermath, “I’m um… well…”
I slouched to the side so that I was no longer kneeling over Sherlock and looked him over quickly, “Sherlock? Are you alright? Are you hurt?”
Sherlock began typing out his agreement to these terms, but I gripped his shoulder to stop him, “Wait! We know nothing about this location, he could pick anywhere! We can’t meet him on his own turf, he’ll have every advantage.”
I froze. Warning alarms were going off in my head; he had found out somehow! I tried to remain calm, “Oh yeah? What’s that then?”
“How do you know if you’re in love?” I asked before even realising what had come out of my mouth. "Oh god, that's pathetic isn't it. A forty-something year old man asking about love..."
He surged forwards to straddle my hips, moving my roving hand to his back before carding his own through my hair. A breathy moan was his only answer as he bit down earnestly on my neck. I gasped and he started rocking again but due to his new vantage point, he was now rubbing our crotches together, making me hum.
Sherlock did not make any indication of acquiescence so I ploughed on, “You need to deal with the pain and trauma you experienced so your body can get better and function properly,” I pulled gently out of the hug and locked eyes with the taller man, “Do you understand?”
I nodded understandingly, cupping his face supportively, “It’s okay. I understand, but I’m going to and you’re going to watch, alright? For future reference.” I said with a smile before pecking his lips and moving up on the bed.
And all this time, Sherlock and I were sharing a bed except, whereas the first nights we stayed mostly on opposite sides, over time we ended up sleeping in much closer proximity to each other. This as you can imagine was so confusing for me that there had been many frantic phone calls to Harry for desperate help. She always convinced me to calm down and not to freak out when Sherlock sat too close or I woke up in the morning with his pale arms around my waist.
He sighed tiredly as I took his scarred wrist, felt his pulse and generally observed him; slightly elevated pulse, more rapid breathing than normal and he looked pale and tense.
Sherlock waved a hand distractedly, “None taken, we can’t risk Moran suspecting anything and acting out. We’re both compromised at the moment.”
“Sherlock,” I said quietly, trying to ignore the glorious feeling of Sherlock's hot member in my hand, “what’s gotten into you? Are you okay?”
I fetched a blanket and draped it over him, watching his pale face and smiling at how peaceful he looked at last. Looking at him sleep made me feel all fuzzy inside which was slightly startling for a man who thought he was completely and officially straight.
Only a short chapter before Christmas. Been busy, sorry guys! Bit of a case and a bit of fluff. What else do you need for Christmas! :)
This was all far too confusing to me. We were talking in riddles and dancing around the issue which was making my head spin. I got to my feet and decided to try and make this simple.
This time it was my turn to trail off. Sherlock had closed his eyes and was leaning his head to one side, almost like a cat that was getting petted in its favourite spot. He hummed, whether in agreement or contentment I’m not sure.
I rolled my eyes and asked him if he wanted anything but was promptly ignored, so I took my tea and slouched into my arm chair. There was a hush over the flat, making me concerned about Sherlock’s feelings regarding what they had done earlier. But, as I thought more about it, this was often the state of the flat and Sherlock often ignored me completely.
Sherlock dug into the drawer of his bedside table and handed me a bottle of lube. I shook my head at his eagerness but took the bottle from him nonetheless. Gently, slowly, I started grinding against his naked crotch, creating the most beautiful friction, more than I ever though was possible with another man.
“John, surely if he didn’t feel comfortable with you helping him out, you would know about it. I think you just need to get him better and wait and see. In the meantime, don’t feel ashamed of your… I dunno, urges or whatever.”
He nodded and opened his laptop, clearly savouring putting his mind to work, even in a small capacity. I nodded to myself, pleased that he was occupying his mind in some way, and headed towards the kitchen, putting the kettle on. As it boiled, I poked my head around the corner of the kitchen and watched Sherlock as his dexterous digits tapped at the keyboard. The very sight of Sherlock’s mind at work made me smile, but it faded just as quickly as I realised what was wrong with that very mind and what it was researching. As I watched Sherlock’s pale brow crinkle, and I felt a calm resolve harden inside me. I was going to get him better. There was no other alternative.
“Tell me what you see, when you close your eyes,” I said gently, hoping not to scare him but encourage him to describe what it was he was flashing back to.
Sherlock turned to look at me with a fear in his eyes that hadn’t been there for a while. I touched his face delicately and he took a calming breath. His hands were still shaking though, so I took them in mine and squeezed them reassuringly. They stopped shaking so violently but Sherlock still looked pale.
An hour later, I was researching treatments for PTSD sufferers when my phone buzzed. I answered it to find Greg on the other end.
I heard Sherlock talking to Mycroft and Lestrade about the operation but honestly, I don’t remember most of the details. It was something about how the team was in position when we arrived and had already registered the number of hostiles from heat signatures, allowing them to execute a flawless operation. They waited until Moran was in the middle of the room to ensure that all avenues of escape were cut off, before charging in and taking out Moran’s thugs.
Sherlock shook his head desperately and said, short of breath, “No, no I can’t. I have to wait, keep an eye out for anything… hmm…”
About twenty minutes later, a sharp ping sounded through the quiet living room. All eyes flew to the laptop on the desk, all except Sherlock. He let the last note he had plucked from his violin ring out, before going to carefully lay the precious instrument in its case. No one moved, all eyes now on Sherlock as we waited to see what he would do.
“Simple really,” Sherlock replied, passing me the mug of tea. “Based on your regular sleep patterns after we’ve come home late from a case, you usually sleep a bit longer than you normally would. Factoring in the painkillers wearing off and making you uncomfortable, I was able to approximate the time that you would wake.”
I tilted my head to the side; he was right of course but I then realised that I didn’t really mind. I opened the door nonetheless.
He’d been having nightmares for weeks, I knew he had. I could sometimes hear him yelling in his sleep but every time I’d go to his door to check on him, the room would fall quiet.
I was surprised that he agreed with me on his state of health, which usually he is extremely stubborn about, “Why don’t you have a bath instead?” I suggested, helping him to sit on the closed lid of the toilet.
“I don’t think this will be too strenuous for him,” Greg said with a smile. “Good to see him out and about though!”
When Harry had gone, I went to my armchair and sat down with my laptop, watching Sherlock compose his new piece in contented silence.
I wrapped my arms around him and held him to me, rocking him gently and whispering soothing words into his ear. We were only like this for a second until he forcefully, but not violently, pushed me away. He tore at his shirt, clawing at the material.
One such endearing thing happened as we were eating lunch that very day. During our meal, I moved my leg under the table towards where Sherlock’s own long limb was resting. I rubbed my leg against his, making him stiffen and tilt his head to the side in confusion. His brow furrowed, asking the unspoken question.
Sherlock soon followed, spilling fluid into his pants with a cry. I slumped on the bed, looking heatedly over at Sherlock, “That was... incredible!”
I swung my legs gently over the edge of the gurney once the paramedics had finished, my new stitches twinging uncomfortably.
He looked up at me with a fondness in his eyes, “I can cope without you for a few hours three days a week, John. I’m not an invalid.”
He nodded and looked at me with a watery smile. I placed a hand against his cheek, “Oh, don’t cry darling. That was perfect, you were perfect.”
I had no idea what to say to him, so I held him close and started stroking his curls, “Well, um, your skin, how soft it is to touch. Um, your hair, how it curls over your forehead… and your eyes, how they are green and blue and grey all at the same time… You’re just, beautiful.”
Sherlock got to his feet and began pacing up and down the length of the living room, “Well, we have been sharing a bed for the past few months and I know that you have developed romantic feelings for me, but what I’ve been trying to discern for a while now is what this means for us.”
I shook my head again in exasperation, “Okay, fine. Whatever you say! Just give me some toast, I’m starving.”
I made myself a mug of coffee and sat in my armchair, determined to wait for him to come home, however long it took.
I hummed appreciatively as he continued to press open mouthed kisses over my chest while I caressed every inch of his skin I could find. He found a nipple and kissed it, making me arch off the bed and make a noise of surprise and pleasure.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” I asked nonchalantly, trying not to wonder what he had found upon Google-ing kissing.
I tried to convince myself that it was purely a doctor’s reaction to all the scars I had discovered on his skin but really I knew it was more than that. Ever since I met Sherlock Holmes, I have been a different man. For starters I hadn’t ever been in a serious relationship since moving in with him.
'I’ve found you my pet. And I will be coming to reclaim what is mine. Never fear my darling, the party is only just beginning… M'
Sherlock started mumbling and moaning as ran my other hand over his thighs and moved a finger behind his balls to massage his perineum. When I did this, Sherlock bucked and groaned so loudly that I kept doing it until I found his prostate from the outside, massaging it with two fingers whilst still teasing his balls with my thumb and forefinger.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at Mycroft, taking in his rattled exterior. Sherlock’s brows drew together, “The photograph? You found something.”
It was clear that Sherlock didn’t really understand why talking about it would help by his unconvinced expression and submissive posture. He was still worried that he had upset me in some way so I did the only thing that made sense to me.
I sank onto the couch to rest my elbows on my knees, suddenly exhausted at the prospect of more waiting. Sherlock looked similarly lost, pacing from one end of the room to the other. I’m sure that not being involved in the plan was killing him too. I caught his eye when he turned away from the mantle and patted the space beside me on the couch.
“John, don’t think so loudly,” Sherlock muttered as he nibbled at a piece of toast, staring intently at me.
Then it dawned on me, “Oh... oh Sherlock… You think that no one will want you if you mind is compromised? Oh, Sherlock… No! Don’t think that! Don’t ever think that!”
Sherlock looked frightened as we sat down together, “But, I don’t know how. Well, I know in theory but… Moran… I don’t know John…”
I mumbled in agreement, not taking my mouth from Sherlock’s ear. Running my tongue along the edge, I trailed my fingers down his delicious neck, caressing every contour.
“You’re welcome. After everything you’ve done for me, I’m going to make sure you are looked after so that leg heals properly,” Sherlock crooned.
Sherlock nodded and strode off, leaving me at the bottom of the stairs. I sighed and shook my head, following him to a cab.
I looked at him and glared, not too harshly but just enough for him to know that there was no other option. He sighed and slouched back into the cushions. I went to the kitchen and fixed him some toast with butter.
Sherlock’s shoulders tensed up at the sound of Moran’s voice darting around the echoey space. A broad, shadowy figure stepped up to the railing of the mezzanine. Rage nearly blinded me for a moment as I finally laid eyes on the man who had done such vile things to the man I loved. Despite the gloom, I could make out a chiselled jaw covered in rough stubble and dark dead eyes, like those of a shark, set into a weathered face. Moran grinned slowly around the scar at the corner of his mouth, which twisted his lip menacingly, and his white teeth flashed in the pale light. A shark indeed.
The next few days passed with some awkwardness on occasion as we tested the boundaries that we were comfortable with. Now that our relationship had swung towards a romantic nature, Sherlock had become more cautious when we touched. Whereas before he would often go to bed in nothing but his boxers and I would comfort him by holding him, now he would now wear a t-shirt (often one of mine) and sometimes even slacks before letting me touch him in bed.
After more kissing, Sherlock had curled up in my lap like a kitten, resting his head on my shoulder and sighed contentedly, “This is nice.”
Sherlock thought for a moment before sitting on the arm of my chair and dumping his lanky legs in my lap, “Yes, I think it has. Can we try again? Now that I understand it more now I think I might be better…”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth tilted up a fraction despite the fear behind his eyes and the tension in his frame, “That’s assuming we didn’t know where you were. That little gift you sent me truly was quite… illuminating.”
Before long, dark had fallen and I was trying desperately to coax Sherlock into eating something, anything. Sure enough though, I got him to eat a few pieces of toast. While I was eating my take-out Chinese that Sherlock was avoiding making eye contact with, I got a text from Mycroft telling me to go downstairs as there was a parcel for me. I did as instructed and found a bag of tablets with directions to give them to Sherlock.
We sat like that in comfortable silence, me playing with Sherlock’s curls and him nuzzling into my neck, until he mumbled something unintelligible into my clavicle.
“Do you think I want to put him in this man’s path again?” Mycroft exclaimed, as the calm exterior he was trying to maintain crumbled. “Do you think I care so little for my own family that I would expose him to that vermin again without considering every option? I have tried looking for another way, but I cannot find one!”
Sherlock nodded and continued, “I landed on my shoulder but I knew I had to keep going so I ran as fast as I could, which wasn’t very fast as I wasn’t in the best condition, and found Mycroft’s car following.
Oh, shit, I thought. He had figured it out. I had been too obvious. Oh god, there was no way he would feel the same, what was I gonna say to him?
I walked past the bathroom on my way from my bedroom to the kitchen one morning when I heard a noise coming from the within. It was barely audible so I had to press my ear to the door to hear clearly what it was.
I'm SO sorry for the wait but I had some trouble writing this scene. It was hard to get it right but I think it's pretty good :/
When Sherlock’s shoulders rounded as he retreated back into the shell he still clings to and sipped his tea quietly, I could see he wasn’t going to answer. So I said, “It was just a small relapse, nothing to be worried about.”
As he was speaking, I had started shaking my head and approaching him slowly, “No, Sherlock, don’t ever say that to me alright?”
Sherlock’s head drooped and he trailed off. Confessing all this to me must have exhausted him so I decided to let him sleep. Carefully I extracted myself from Sherlock and laid him down on the couch.
I sighed, “What is it?” As Sherlock had gotten better, our casual bickering had begun to resurface now that Sherlock was no longer so sensitive due to his trauma.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock growled back, frustrated, “and you’re late. Are the rest of your force on stand-by?”
Sherlock sat back on the couch shoulder to shoulder with me, seeming even more confused, “But I know that you care for me, so why do I need you to show it?”
He gazed at me in the mirror and I placed my hand over one of his clammy ones, “We can get through this. I promise I will not let him lay a finger on you while there is breath in my body.”
“No, I can’t,” I grabbed his arm and turned him around to face me. “That was a serious relapse, more serious than you’ve had in a long time.” I rubbed my hand up and down his arm, “I’m worried about you, love.”
But wait a minute, I had been treating him differently. I had hardly let him out of sight for almost the whole time Sherlock had been back. I didn’t want him running off again, or so I had told myself. Maybe there really was something in this, not just some weird delusion or something.
Sherlock dropped the violin on my armchair, running his now free hand down over my boxer covered hip, down my thigh. In a desperate need for support I grasped around behind me where I found Sherlock’s left cheek, squeezing hard.
I climbed the stairs slowly, trying to push all thoughts of what Mrs Hudson and I had just discussed out of my mind so I could focus on talking care of Sherlock and helping him heal. When I reached the top of the stairs I found Sherlock sitting on the couch with his knees tucked under his chin.
Usually, Sherlock is not phased by gruesome sights but as soon as he laid eyes on the woman, I knew there was something terribly wrong.
True I had wanted this for months. In particular the last few weeks I had been waking up in Sherlock’s arms with a screaming hard on. Not even doing anything, just him touching me skin on skin, was enough to get me hard.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, clearly preoccupied with whatever thoughts were buzzing around his head. I smiled at him thinly, and he exhaled a shuddering breath before crossing to the couch and perching on the edge of the cushion beside me. I felt like I wanted to comfort him, but also that I needed to be comforted in turn. I couldn’t find the right words to say, what even was there to say under the circumstances? Sherlock took my hands and smiled back at me, as though he saw what I was thinking but couldn’t verbalise anything either.
“Calloused; they’ve seen pain and hardship but haven’t lost their careful kindness…” Sherlock drew the next finger into his mouth, sucking on it gently. I moaned into Sherlock’s neck, kissing and nibbling on the pale flesh there, licking the slight scar tissue that remained there.
“Well, we sent word to Mycroft’s computer people to get them looking at the new messages, but I figured that Moran would be too careful to leave any traces there…”
Sherlock pulled away and hummed slightly, scratching the back of his head as he thought things over. I stepped away and turned back to his soup in a desperate attempt to hide the extreme blush colouring my neck and face. How could I say that out loud? To Sherlock of all people! He probably thought I was being disgustingly soppy... I had told myself that I wasn't going to drop any of this on him until he was better! Why did this have to be so confusing?
We took a minute to compose ourselves after the heartfelt moment we shared in the bathroom. I’m sure Mycroft could deduce everything that happened, but I wanted to be ready to face the music. I hoped they had come up with a decent plan.
Sherlock’s hips stilled but he shook his head, licking a wet stripe up my neck to my ear, “Just need this. Need you. Make me stop thinking.”
Most people would be cowed by that tone of voice, but Moran just smiled, “Consider it your penance for escaping. Not only will I break you, but I will make him watch every second of it.”
“Are you sure you want to have a shower? You don’t look very steady at the moment,” I said, concerned as I helped him shuffle towards the bathroom.
It wasn’t a question that much was obvious but I couldn’t quite get a read on why he was wearing that expression on his perfectly sculpted face; it was bitter and angry… and dark. He took a step towards us.
“These will go away eventually, with time and the proper treatment…” I said, running the back of my fingers gently over the burn on his neck, “There might be some scar tissue but just small marks…”
He quickly vanished from the doorway and soon after I could hear the water being turned on in the bathroom. I looked around to see where my cane might be so that I could make my way to the kitchen, only to discover that it was propped up against the table on my side of the bed. Sherlock must have left it there for me, knowing that I wouldn’t want to wait around in bed.
I was surprised when Sherlock didn’t complain, merely nodded silently. I looked him over and noticed that he still seemed to have that faraway look. As I began making him some soup, I asked him as casually as I could, “Did you sleep well?”
Sherlock’s breath hitched as I straddled his hips, rubbing our lengths together. I continued exploring every inch of his skin with my mouth, hands running gently up and down his sides as he spoke. Cautiously he ran his hands over my back in return.
As she entered, I put my finger to my lips and nodded to Sherlock’s sleeping form in my arms. She smiled gleefully and pointed excitedly at the lanky body curled up next to me. I nodded with an enduring smile and was about to speak up when Sherlock spoke.
“You won’t find anything,” Mycroft said forlornly, “He’s too smart. He won’t have left any trace, he covers his tracks well.”
Sherlock was already in bed so I padded over to the other side and got under the covers. I stayed on my side and he stayed on his for the rest of the night.
“Shhhhh, is alright, it will stop, don’t worry,” I rubbed a soothing hand over his back and he started looking even paler than before.
“Oh, I’m sorry to disturb you dears, but Detective Inspector Lestrade is in the living room and I didn’t want him to barge in here and find you in a compromising position,” Mrs Hudson said, giggling to herself as she said the word ‘compromising’.
As he spoke, Sherlock shucked off his dressing gown and climbed back into bed, taking care to not jostle the mattress too much and hurt me. I smiled as he got himself settled leaning up against the headboard before picking up the tray and balancing it on his lap.
“Hey Harry,” I greeted as I squeezed her back. Harry held onto me for a long time, her golden brown curls tickling my nose. Eventually I said, “Okay, now it’s becoming hard to breathe…”
The picture was taken from the perspective of someone sitting on a bed covered in rose petals, with a pile of chains resting on one of the pillows. Propped up against the pillow was a photograph of Sherlock bound and bleeding, with tear tracks down his grimy face. There was a white substance streaked across the bottom of the photo and the surrounding sheets…
Sherlock looked at me with a look that seemed to me to be a silent thanks. He nodded dropped his violin on my armchair.
Sherlock looked over his menu with a cheeky look in his eye. I shook my head before consulting my menu. We ordered quickly and as soon as we were alone, I reached across and grabbed the detective’s hand.
“When I escaped,” he said simply. I wanted to ask more but from his closed off expression I could tell I wasn’t going to get very far on that front tonight. I then saw that his left shoulder was slightly swollen.
He jerked his head to the side, indicating a thick stack of papers next to him with scribbled notes written all over the music staves, “You’ve been composing?”
Then I would shake myself and just be thankful that there was a ‘we’ at all. Sherlock Holmes was mine and I held a piece of him that no one else has ever possessed, making me feel as though my heart would burst with joy.
I respected this extra security Sherlock felt was necessary. After what Moran did to him, of course he was going to be a bit jumpy when it came to intimate exchanges and touching. I was fine with the extra layer of clothing between us at night but I always felt guilty when I would reach out without thinking and touch him in a marginally intimate place, like his thigh or in particular his hip, and Sherlock would flinch away from me.
Running my hands up his arms, over his shoulders and down to rest on his pecks, I crooned quietly, “Hmm, you’re so perfect…” I placed open-mouthed kisses across his chest, occasionally leaving little love bites where no one would see but him.
“I think I’d better check you too my pet, just to be sure,” Moran purred as he parted Sherlock’s coat and groped at him as he checked for weapons. Sherlock started to tremble slightly, squirming as the other man’s hands trailed over his body agonisingly slowly.
“Well, the extreme suppression of deeply painful memories is making you ill. Your brain is still trying to process all the awful things that happened to you which you have been ignoring. That’s why your body is reacting this way,” I stopped.
I sighed, “I don’t know, I just feel like… in his current state of mind I shouldn’t be thinking this way about him. I feel like I’m, I dunno, taking advantage of him or something.”
“He’s detained. Lestrade has him in custody,” Mycroft said, gesturing to where Moran was glaring daggers at the officers surrounding him beside a police car.
I decided just to let this strange affair unfold without pushing Sherlock for details. He was happy so I was happy. Sherlock placed a hand on my thigh and squeezed, bringing a smile to my face, before returning his hand to his lap and tapping impatiently on his leg.
I let go of a breath I had no idea I had been holding and made my way over to Sherlock, resting a gentle hand on his back, “I don’t either. If you hadn’t noticed, I’m not exactly an expert in long term relationships... But I think, if you wanted to, we could figure it out together?”
My head was spinning, who knew Sherlock would catch on so quick. I suppose I should have realised though, that he’s good at almost anything he puts his mind to.
“Give him the address, Detective. We shall see whether he agrees to meet,” interjected Mycroft, prompting Greg to place a slip of paper on the desk.
It broke my heart to see him like this, but at the same time I knew it was necessary for Sherlock to tell me what happened and how he was feeling so I could help him get better. It killed me to even think it, but I had to break down his walls before I could begin build him back up.
I chuckled; it was so endearing watching him trying to figure out the main function of kissing someone. I decided to attempt to clarify things for him, “Well, it’s not about achieving something in particular; it’s more about letting the other person know that you care for them.”
“Thanks, love. And yes, it definitely is sore,” I said as I tried to carefully sit up and mirror Sherlock’s position, causing the stitches in my leg to twinge. “How did you know I was going to be awake soon?”
“Good morning,” I replied as he finished with a flourish right in front of me. I ran a hand through Sherlock’s sleep tousled hair, “That was lovely.”
Sherlock’s assertiveness was making my stomach flutter and the feel of his body under my hands sent a shock through my body, ultimately culminating in my lap. As he guided my hands all over his flesh, in particular directing me to a nipple, his head fell back against me; eyes closed and mouth slightly agape in a silent sigh.
The snapping of the laptop lid made me jump and come back to my senses a little. In the moments that we stood frozen around the closed computer, I realised that the sounds of retching from the bathroom had ceased. I hauled myself to my feet and locked my shaky knees. I forced myself to march towards the bathroom.
Holding him closer, I sighed and said quietly, “Way to ruin the moment. But yes, I need to know what happened.”
“Hey guys, Sherlock are you okay? You don’t look so good…” he said, eyes flicking to me with concern.
I let out the most ungodly sound as he continued to tickle me with his tongue. I could practically feel the smirk on his lips as Sherlock revelled in how easily his handiwork could undo me. I encouraged him to explore my mouth as I had done with his; he hesitantly brushed his tongue across my teeth, eliciting a moan from both of us.
Sherlock watched me examine his hands with a mixture of fascination and enrapture. He seemed to be spellbound by my nimble doctor’s fingers ghosting over his flesh. He seemed calmer whilst watching my fingers so I decided to take the plunge.
I shook myself mentally and told myself to stop reading things into the situation. We were silent for the next few minutes and I was just about to turn the telly on when Sherlock came and unexpectedly plonked himself unceremoniously in my lap. I groaned in protest and surprise as he curled up like a giant cat in my lap.
Smiling at him, I leaned down to press a kiss to his forehead, “I would never think you an invalid.”
I hummed and leant further back into Sherlock’s embrace. He continued assisting me as we played slowly through ‘London Bridge’, but Sherlock began to nibble on my ear, making concentrating very difficult.
“Yeah, they’re in position, waiting for our signal. What exactly are we expecting?” Lestrade asked curiously.
“Whereas you on the other hand are equipped to cope with such an eventuality,” Sherlock grumbled, rolling onto his back and exposing the fine hair under his armpit as he threw his arm over his eyes dramatically.
Sherlock turned around and smiled at me, continuing to play but wishing me a good morning as he walked closer to me.
Moran’s lip twisted, his eyes narrowing as he drew a gun from his waistband and pointed it at Sherlock, “What are you talking about?”
I’m not sure how much time passed while I dressed and collected my thoughts, but as I was tying my shoes, Mrs. Hudson knocked on the open bedroom door and came in with a steaming mug of tea.
I tucked his head under my chin and said, “Don’t worry, it’s okay.” I comforted him in silence for a moment before asking him something I knew he didn’t want to hear, but I needed to know, “Listen, Sherlock, you were examined at that medical facility you were at, right? I mean, with rape tests and everything.”
“Are you sure you don’t need help?” Sherlock asked. His eyes were filled with worry, he clearly wanted to help but I could tell that he was itching to go and scrub himself down. I was surprised that he had waited long enough to make me breakfast, but I understood his need to make sure I was okay.
I hummed appreciatively as he took his shirt off slowly, facing me now and undoing each button excruciatingly slowly. I licked my lips and wolf whistled as he let the shirt fall to the floor provocatively.
I looked around the shadowy space until my eyes rested on Sherlock beside me. His face had paled by at least two shades since entering the building and his hands were clenched into fists at his sides to stop them from shaking. Despite this, his eyes were scanning the space eagerly, searching every corner for an indication of the man who had tortured him. We stood there for a minute. Then two. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Shall we compose a message, then?” Mycroft asked, who proceeded to sit at the dining table, perched primly on the edge of a chair.
“You’re not, you’re with me, you’re safe,” I said quietly. He opened his eyes and nodded, but his eyes still looked slightly glazed over.
Sherlock nodded hesitantly before disappearing into his room, before emerging with a dressing gown wrapped tightly around him. He quickly crossed the kitchen to the living room and picked up his violin. As he began to play hesitantly, I beckoned Lestrade over.
Sherlock chuckled, a deep rich baritone rumble, “Quite. John, I don’t know what you expect from me. I know that you want sex but I don’t know, um, when I can give that to you… Because of, you know, what happened with Moran and all…”
The sound of that name stirred a hot rage in my veins so powerful that I fought through the haze of drugs to become more aware. I realised I was in the back of an ambulance getting my leg disinfected and stitched up under local anesthesia, but I had no idea how long it had been since I had been injured. For all I knew, it could have been hours, but in reality it was probably more like 20 minutes. I lay there in the back of the ambulance for a few minutes, clawing my way back out of the haze of painkillers through sheer stubbornness and a driving need to get my hands on Moran. Looking around, I could see Sherlock and Mycroft talking outside the ambulance and registered that Sherlock had one hand resting on my foot, rubbing back and forth in soothing circles.
With only some slight cajoling, I was able to convince Sherlock to eat some too. Although, based on the amount he had made, it seemed like Sherlock had enough for both of us and was just putting up a fuss. He probably knew full well that he was hungry, and that I would make him eat anyway, so he had made enough for us both. Once the toast and tea had been finished, with minimal grumbling on Sherlock’s part and token needling from me, Sherlock handed me an array of pills to take with the glass of water.
Soooooo sorry for the lateness of this update. Thank you for sticking by the story even when I deliver chapters late!
I blinked, eyes watery at his sentiment, clearing my throat before I spoke, “I’ll talk to Sarah at the clinic, see if I can get you in to see a surgeon who can remove it.”
I began massaging his perineum faster and faster, in time with my bobbing head, trying to hit his prostate every time until Sherlock was thrusting down onto my fingers and then into my mouth, fingers then mouth in an ever quickening rhythm.
I exhaled a shaky breath, “Fine, I’m fine. Better now actually. Sorry… I just, he was just smirking at me with that disgusting face of his and I couldn’t stop myself…” I trailed off as I realised that Sherlock was smiling at me, and he even huffed out a small laugh.
He was still breathing slightly irregularly and muttering incomprehensible things under his breath but the detective was more or less sleeping quietly.
“Holy shit…” said Greg, quickly turning away from the laptop and stalking to the mantlepiece to gasp it with white knuckles.
I thought I should definitely change the subject now, so I got to my feet and asked, “Do you want some tea now?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, letting me pull him down by his curls a plant a wet morning kiss upon his Cupid’s bow that I love so much.
“Well, if we can’t get a specific location, how do we find him?” I asked. I had a horrible feeling that I knew where this conversation was going.
“She was tied up over here,” Greg said, indicating a chair with nasty looking chains draped over it. When Sherlock saw this he stopped in his tracks and looked even worse than before.
Sherlock put his arm around me, and I slid an arm around his slender waist as I limped over to the black car waiting to take us back to Baker Street. I was exhausted and in pain, and Sherlock didn’t look much better. I’m sure he was hurting as well but in an entirely different way. I knew it was okay though, because together we had survived. And together we could face what tomorrow would bring, and every day after that.
We sat down side by side, my hand still in his as the weight of the moment rested in my stomach. I was giddy and nervous at the same time but I was determined to make Sherlock’s first kiss the best one I had ever given in my life.
“You don’t have to ask every time you want to kiss me Sherlock,” I explain patiently, pulling him down fully into my lap.
I opened my mouth to defend myself but I closed it again knowing it was fruitless. Sherlock knew, there was no use in trying to deny it.
She bustled off, closing the door behind her. I laughed and grazed my teeth lazily against his flesh, breathing hot puffs of air onto him so that goose bumps rose on his skin. When neither Sherlock nor I moved, I said noncommittally, “We really should go speak to Lestrade.”
Sherlock had eventually decided he wanted to go on the internet and try to discern the motive for kissing as it kept bugging him while we had been making out on the sofa. I was now sitting in my armchair and pretending to read the newspaper when in actual fact I was replaying the last hour in my head.
I don’t remember when exactly I fell asleep but I woke the next morning to find the space in the bed next to me empty. I sat up and realised what had woken me in the first place. Music from Sherlock’s prized violin was floating in from the living room.
One time I was so close to entering his bedroom when the door slammed right in my face. I took that as a hint that he wanted to me to stop worrying about him and creeping to his door in the middle of the night.
Sherlock strode forwards out of Scotland Yard to hail a cab. As we waited I asked him what he made of Wilson’s peculiar circumstances.
Sherlock nodded back at me gravely, turning to grab a washcloth and dry off his face. He regarded his own reflection in the mirror and narrowed his eyes, coming to some sort of decision. He turned back to me and approached.
"So, I know that Greg has noticed something is wrong and that he was really worried about you. Should he know what's going on?"
I looked down at the floorboards and blew a sharp breath out through my nose. He was right, of course… wasn’t he always? The idea of deliberately putting Sherlock in Moran’s path to draw him out made every instinct I had scream in protest… but continuing to live with the shadow of Sebastian Moran haunting us made me sick to my stomach.
“Sherlock…” I interrupted quietly, “What happened? Please! Tell me! I can’t stand seeing you like this…”
“Ugh! It hasn’t helped!” he exclaimed, sitting up to face me and pulling his knees up underneath his chin as he sighed, frustrated, “I thought having more data would help but it hasn’t!”
Sherlock pulled away slightly so he could look at me, but instead of looking me in the eyes, he found a very interesting piece of skin on my chest to examine thoroughly. He started drawing little circles there as he spoke.
I moved my hands towards my belt and undid it slowly. Sherlock licked his lips and took a step forward, eyes glued to my hands. I threw the belt to the floor and undid my trousers slowly, determined to give him a good show.
I put up my hands in an attempt to calm him down, as you would with a scared animal. That is probably the most apt description of Sherlock at that moment; he was cowering against the filing cabinet, breathing heavily, and eyes angled at the floor, staring unblinkingly.
He had gotten himself worked up again; breathing laboured and uneven, pulse elevated, eyes wide, sweat beading on his forehead once more but most worryingly, he was scratching distraughtly at the back of his hands.
Harry had been a great support for me over the previous years in Sherlock’s… absence, as she had just gotten out of rehab and was prepared to repay me for all the times I was there for her. She still hasn’t had a drink since, but lately we had drifted apart. In this last year, people had sort of left me to my own devices to try and sort out my life, which I had been glad for, as I had spent the better part of two years being asked if I was okay every two seconds.
I rested my forehead against his and we sat together quietly until the hush was broken by the ping of a notification from the laptop. We pulled away and met each other’s eyes, tenderness being replaced by cool resolve. We got to out feet and donned our coats, Sherlock looking up the address on his phone. We exchanged a nod of determination before leaving the sanctuary of 221B.
Then I grew bolder from the flavour of Sherlock that I just couldn’t hold out any longer and took Sherlock fully into my mouth, as far as I could. I think if I hadn’t been squeezing the base of his cock still that he would have come just from that one mouthful as Sherlock practically screamed and bucked up into my mouth. I almost gagged as the head hit the back of my throat, but restrained, wanting to make this perfect for this impossible man.
All around his neck was a light pinkish scar along with various small cuts. I rested my hand on his shoulder and tried to steady myself. I felt sick to my stomach. What the hell had happened to him in those three years?
I was disgusted by what I found out about what had happened to him. I knew that much. But I was concerned about how I had reacted to seeing Sherlock’s body and my immediate impulse to touch him.
Sherlock was like a son to Mrs Hudson and I could see the intense worry on her face, so I decided that she needed to know what was going on. I wasn't going to tell her the details of Sherlock's ordeal, not without his permission. I gestured for her to follow me downstairs and when we got to her little kitchen we sat down. I told her that he had been held captive for a period of time while he was away and that he was suffering from PTSD. I didn't mention anything that Sherlock had told me about what exactly had happened to him, but Mrs. Hudson knew Sherlock well. And judging from the moisture in her eyes, she could guess the kinds of things that would make a man like Sherlock Holmes so vulnerable.
He smiled and a huff of laughter rumbled through his chest, “I suppose you want to talk about last night?”
Sherlock sat down on the bed carefully, dilated eyes never wavering from mine. He grabbed one of my hands and placed in forcefully on his chest, splaying out my fingers. Then he said in a small, wavering voice, “Touch me John. I need you to touch me. I feel so numb inside, I have for the last few days and it’s horrible.”
Then Sherlock was the one kneeling over me, clutching at my shoulders and yelling at the top of his lungs, “We need help over here! He’s been shot! Somebody! Get over here now!”
“Hmm, like that do you?” Sherlock teased, walking towards me and stepping out of his trousers. By the time he was right in front of me, he was in nothing but his boxers. I looked him up and down shamelessly with appreciative eyes.
My heart broke as Sherlock’s breathing faltered when Moran found his trigger spots. I shifted my weight helplessly. It was agony watching Sherlock be subjected to this and being unable to stop it. Finally, Moran straightened and gazed at Sherlock with disturbingly dilated eyes.
I sighed and nodded, feeling drained, “Yeah, I know, Mycroft. I’m doing everything I can. He needs to overcome this extreme trauma he’s suffered and I don’t know how long that will take but we’ll get through it.”
I realised that he was very fragile today after letting out the feelings and experiences he had bottled up for so long and had misunderstood my meaning.
My eyebrows shot up, probably all the way to my hairline, in shock. I laughed in disbelief and nodded, “If you want to, yeah.”
I let him cry silently into my chest as I held him and stroked his hair, kissing him every so often and reassuring him until his breathing evened out and he slept soundly against me, our bodies intertwined.
He trailed off, the words obviously making him uncomfortable. I swallowed nervously, “Um, yeah, sure. I’ll just get my pyjamas and then I’ll be back…”
They walked along, sucking their candy canes and looking into shop windows, many of which were decorated with candy canes of their own, or some other form of assorted holiday paraphernalia. As they walked along, looking into shop windows, John though about what he was going to buy Molly, and everyone else, for Christmas and made a mental list of the ideas he got from the many window displays.
Out on the street people were hurrying by or ducking into doorways to avoid the snow. It was still just lightly falling, not even really dusting the top of buildings. Flakes were caught in Sherlock’s hair and John found himself staring at them, confused and mesmerized by the fact that they didn’t melt. He had a sudden urge to brush them away, and his acted on it, running his hand across the top of Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock didn’t react. Instead he seemed lost in thought as they walked down the street. “Any ideas?” John asked.
“Well, you’re sick,” said John, “so I’m taking over.” He was holding Sherlock with his arms beneath Sherlock’s back and knees, groom carrying bride style. Sherlock relaxed in John’s arms, impressed, but not surprised, by their strength. Despite their height difference, John carried Sherlock easily, his robustness the remnants of his military service.
“Yes please,” Sherlock said, swinging his legs around to the side of the bed, more sprightly than he had been these past few days. He stood, coming face to face with John, who surprised to see how energetic he was. He returned John’s kiss on the forehead and they walked to the kitchen together.
“Not it my house they don’t,” John would retort. Neither would ever budge. John shoves the jar to the back of the fridge and put the milk and eggs on the shelf above it. “Any new clients while I was gone?” He asked.
They sat quietly, drinking their hot chocolate for a while, Sherlock getting up and pacing around the room at one point. John typed away at his blog, reading through comments and checking his stats. A case from a few weeks ago was getting a lot of attention and his inbox was full of curious readers asking for more information.
“Well yes, that’s technically true,” John conceited, “ but still, holiday traditions give people something they can share.”
When John woke up he noticed that Sherlock, who was laying next to him, had a slight sheen of sweat on his face and was looking incredibly uncomfortable. He furrowed his brow in concern, but got out of bed and went to the kitchen without disturbing him. He made coffee and breakfast and sat down at the table, opening his laptop to work on a blog post. He typed for sometime before glancing up at the clock in the upper corner of his screen and realizing Sherlock was still in bed. Even for Sherlock, who was never an early riser, sleeping this late was unusual. He went back into the bedroom, where Sherlock had rolled from his stomach into a ball on his side. Beads of sweat were dripping down his forehead and his cheeks looked red, as though he’d been running.
“Basically,” Sherlock said. “Her fingerprints revealed her identity. She works in government. I figured everything out after that but Lestrade doesn’t believe me. I don’t know why I help him if he’s not going to listen to me when I solve his cases for him.”
After a long day spent leaning over corpses and microscopes John and Sherlock stepped out of St. Barts onto the busy London street. The sun was rapidly sinking behind the buildings, leaving streaks of pink and orange across the sky in its wake. “So, we’re headed home then?” Sherlock said, stepping forward to hail a cab.
John shivered in the cold air and pulled his coat closer to himself. Sherlock’s coat however, was falling open as he leaned over the body. John stood by him, opening his notebook to take notes, and noticed that his coat wasn’t buttoned at all. “How are you not freezing?” he asked.
John Watson looked over the stack of Christmas decorations and tinsel that was perched precariously in his arms to where Sherlock was sitting in the kitchen. “Could you at least help me carry these?” He asked, adjusting the teetering stack.
“It’s finally time,” Molly said, bouncing up and down on her heals. She was standing in the middle of John and Sherlock’s flat, looking around at the Christmas decorations.
“John, it snowed again,” Sherlock called from his place by the window. It was early in the morning and John was in the kitchen making coffee.
They pulled the blanket back and forth a few times before settling into a comfortable middle ground where the blanket was somehow pulled up past Sherlock’s chin, but only covering John’s feet, which was all he needed. He began to nod off, lulled by the soft sound of Sherlock’s breathing and the dull white noise of the storm outside.
Sherlock’s eyes appeared over the top of the paper. “I would prefer if you didn’t, but you’re welcome to try if you like, might spice things up a bit.” John sighed and set down the book that had been lying on the side table.
As he was sitting down to eat Sherlock swayed in, seeming slightly bleary, as he often did in the mornings. “Is that for me?” he asked as he picked up John’s plate, and with it, John’s uneaten toast, and plopped into his chair. John rolled his eyes and got up to make himself some more breakfast. No use fighting with Sherlock in the morning. “Do you have to be at the hospital today?” Sherlock called.
The test tubes in question held a strange green liquid that John couldn’t identify, so when Sherlock shouted at him not to touch it, John listened and put his hands in his pockets obediently. Sherlock cautiously picked up the test tubes, careful not to inhale too deeply, and set them on the table next to his microscope. When they finished moving all of the things that had spilled over onto the counters back onto the table John wiped the counter down with a kitchen towel, cleaning up the various chemical and food stains.
At the counter a girl wearing fake reindeer antlers greeted them, “What can I get for you today?” Sherlock sizes her up with a raised eyebrow.
“Excellent,” said Sherlock, turning the page of his paper. He paused for a moment, then excitedly shut his paper. “Excellent,” he said again and stood from his chair. “Excellent,” he said a final time and quickly strode out of the room, to change out of his pajamas, John presumed.
“Be nice,” he said. Molly had arrived a few minutes before, hands eagerly clutching a small wrapped gift. She was the first to show up for their Christmas party and secret Santa exchange, which surprised neither John nor Sherlock. They had let her in and John offered her a drink, which she took and stood in the middle of the room, gazing around.
“Keep that thing away from me,” Sherlock replied, pushing the snowman back. As he did another girl appeared, this one wearing a glittery Santa hat, and placed their mugs in front of them.
“I suppose we will,” said John, he eyes following Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock, realizing that John was watching, stopped and they both looked up, Sherlock with his eyebrows raised and John with a slightly sheepish expression.
On the ride to the crime scene John looked out the window and realized that London was beginning to look like a map of their relationship. They were headed to Brixton, where they’d solved their first crime together, and they passed the dim sum place where they’d had their first date. John smiled when he saw the park where he’d seen Mike Stanford, who then introduced him to Sherlock. Everywhere he looked there seemed to be a memory associated with Sherlock, like Sherlock had stepped into his view and gradually gotten bigger and bigger, until his took up all of John’s vision.
I was surprised to say the least, but I was grateful that she approved. I hugged her and said goodbye, telling her to keep in touch, to which she heartily agreed, saying she wanted to know hoe Sherlock went.
Sherlock scoffed, wrapping his arms loosely around my waist, “Hardly. I’m scarred and abused and broken. Even before Moran I was by no means perfect, even less so now…”
Sherlock sighed shakily but I continued to kiss and lick at every scar, except the ones around his hips of course, showing how much they didn’t matter to me, “You are perfect. Every flaw, every scar, everything.”
Despite a slight waver in his voice, I could tell Sherlock had made up his mind. I also knew that he was right, no matter how much I hated this situation. We had a better chance at stopping him now than waiting god knew how long for him to resurface.
“That photograph you sent got across rather a different message than the one you intended,” Sherlock said. “You really shouldn’t make rash decisions when you’re riding a high of endorphins. It makes you careless enough to send a photo from your personal phone, not your untraceable burner.”
It was my turn to hum in reply as I breathed in the intoxicating scent of him. I ran my hand back up his chest, aiming to tangle my fingers in his messy curls, but Sherlock intercepted me and grasped wrist gently.
“Afternoon sleeping beauty,” he said with a hint of sarcasm and affection, a tiny smirk on his perfect lips.
I was surprised at the taste but found it bearable in all its bitter, Sherlockness as I let his softening member drop from my lips. Some of the come that I didn’t manage to swallow trickled down my chin but I could find it in me to care, I just needed to attend to my painfully throbbing cock. I collapsed on my back, letting my head flop against Sherlock’s sweaty chest as I gripped my erection desperately, searching for release.
I grinned slowly as I realised that Sherlock was congratulating me for violently attacking Moran. Suddenly, the whole situation seemed completely ridiculous. Maybe it was the lingering high from the painkillers or the adrenaline from wailing on Moran, but I found myself clinging to Sherlock’s arm and giggling like a child.
There was silence while Sherlock’s words sank in. We couldn’t risk losing Moran and if we got this wrong, he’d slip away. I ground my teeth in frustration, “So we still have to go.”
“That’s awful, I hope he feels better soon. Is… is that what you wanted to talk to me about? Sherlock being sick? I can't remember a time when he was ever really sick before...”
There was silence again and I felt a blush rising in my cheeks as I thought about what I had just said. Then Sherlock said softly, nestling into me a little, “I don’t really understand the term ‘beautiful’. When applied to people, I mean. You know, I find the natural processes of bees beautiful, but… it doesn’t make sense to me with… people.”
I breathed a mental sigh of relief but the next words came out anyway, “Are you sure you can manage on your own?”
Greg spoke up again, “And it was time stamped to when we sent the message back agreeing to his terms.”
He was in this state for about a minute, and once Greg had cleared the scene, he stood over us, looking extremely concerned. I was trying to remain calm but my own anxiety levels where threatening to skyrocket out of control.
I raised an eyebrow at him as if to ask him whether I was classified under ‘normal people’ to which Sherlock gave me the tiniest wink, as if to say I was the exception to that rule. I smiled and turned back to Wilson, “Sorry about Sherlock, he’s never been one for tact.”
“What was that all about?” Greg asked quietly so as not to attract the attention of the others. Lestrade knew better than to discuss Sherlock’s mental state in front of everyone from Scotland Yard.
So sorry for the wait guys!! I've been really busy at school and then my internet wasn't working for about a week so it's been kinda hectic lately!!
It was Lestrade; he had texted me with a curious problem he needed help with, asking after Sherlock’s health. I turned to Sherlock and asked him if he felt up to returning to work.
I choked on the very oxygen I was inhaling at Harry’s last suggestion. Porn? Really? I got that research was important but somehow watching porn with Sherlock was NOT on my list of kinky things to try with him. I said this very thing to Harry but she replied quickly:
“Get it off… I’m dirty… get him out… please… I’ll never be clean… oh god… get him out… I can still feel him… get him out…” Sherlock cried as he tore at his body.
Sherlock surveyed the room grimly, before walking to my chair and holding out his hand. I stood immediately and took it without hesitation. He pursed his lips at me in acknowledgement and we made our way over to the laptop where a new message was blinking on the screen:
“You know full well what happened and I don’t want to discuss it further,” Sherlock grumbled over his shoulder as he stripped his jacket and shirt.
Sherlock let go of me and stumbled backwards into the mantel, eyes wide and unblinking, breathing wildly and uncontrolled. I turned to him, a hand over my mouth in horror, “Sherlock, oh god, I’m so, so sorry! I didn’t mean to… I just, I didn’t think…
In need to touch Sherlock, I ran my free hand over his torso, finding one of his pecks and squeezing it lightly, making Sherlock groan around my finger. The rumble of his deep baritone around my finger was a delightful sensation that made me feel light headed.
“Yes, one thing I’ve learned about Sherlock over these last months is that he can be almost sweet when he chooses to be. Of course, that doesn’t happen very often, but I cherish when it does,” I replied as I sipped my tea, feeling the soothing warmth settle over the cold dread in the pit of my stomach.
Anyway, a really short chapter here cause it was all I could manage over the holidays (I have been so busy its crazy)
Now that Sherlock was starting to feel better, I had been giving him problems to solve so he wouldn’t go stir crazy. I filtered the cases on our websites and gave him small ones to solve, always feeling joyous when his eyes lit up upon hearing of a new problem to set his mind to, no matter how trivial.
“Yes, that’s true,” I interrupted patiently, “but I’ve never been with a man before. I, um, I’m still trying to figure this out. So I don’t want to rush things between us, I think that when we’re ready we’ll both know it.”
Sherlock looked almost as dazed and shocked as I felt, but apart from a few scrapes he seemed physically fine.
I sat by him, continuously rubbing his back and making soothing sounds. Once he had stopped retching, Lestrade gave him a bottle of water and he drank it gratefully but soon after this, Sherlock was fully back with us.
Sorry for the wait. School has swamped me lately so this one is a little short but thanks for your support everyone! :)
Sherlock nodded and smiled a tiny smile before turning back to the shower. I closed the door and returned to the living room, lying on the couch feeling completely drained, emotionally and physically. I closed my eyes and saw only Sherlock as I drifted into blissful sleep.
I pursed my lips as Sherlock and I moved over to view the laptop, “Not exactly an ideal plan, but I suppose it’s the best we’ve got.”
I glared half-heartedly at him before paying the cabbie as we arrived at our destination. The tobacconist shop was small and dark; Sherlock approached and took in every detail. He spun around abruptly, almost flicking me with the tails of his coat, eyes darting around the square and taking in every other building in the vicinity. He walked to the end of the street, looked around and returned to the front of the shop.
“Sherlock, I… oh! I hope I didn’t interrupt anything,” Greg said, his expression shifting from one of surprise to confusion before ending in glee. “I knew it! I knew there was something up with you two!”
Sherlock smirked at me, but I could see hesitance in his eyes. He dropped his gaze to the bandage on my thigh as he began to unwrap it, “Maybe after we’ve showered.” He cleared his throat and continued quietly, “I can still feel his hands all over me…”
“Oh Sherlock, it’s so lovely to hear your voice again,” said a gravelly voice, with a slight hint of an Irish accent.
“What was that?” I asked softly. He exhaled a shaky breath and lifted his face towards me, scrubbing a hand over his watery eyes quickly.
It was late afternoon when I awoke with an uncomfortable twinge in my bad shoulder. I groaned involuntarily as I sat up slightly, trying to work the dull ache from my war wound. I heard the scraping of a chair from the kitchen before Sherlock appeared in the living room.
Sherlock smiled a wry smile that didn’t reach his eyes, “I'm not sure exactly, it's all a bit blurry. Nine months, or a year maybe? Something like that. I spent two years hunting down Moriarty’s followers and even though I kept a low profile, eventually I got noticed. Moran found me and uh…”
He looked so frail and fragile, like a china doll that might shatter if you dropped it. Eventually, the bath filled up and I tested the water to make sure it wasn’t too hot. I then straightened and turned around to face Sherlock, who was trying unsuccessfully to worm his way out of his dressing gown.
“I have been monitoring Sherlock’s health, mental and physical, and I thought that I should tell you a few things before you proceed with any sort of treatment,” Mycroft said with his usual upturned nose.
Boy, this chapter was so hard to write. I have redrafted it many times and I think I am finally happy with it. Only a few more chapters to go I reckon! Thank you all so much for sticking with me to get this far! It looked like I was never going to be able to finish this story for a long time, but I'm so glad that I came back to see it through.
Sherlock looked at me with faux innocence, “I was thinking that we could go and have a late dinner then go and catch the culprits of this peculiar case.”
“Sherlock!” I leapt to my feet and rushed over to him. He was clinging for dear life to the arm of his chair, sobbing, whimpering.
“No, I think I’ll have a shower first. Maybe after that I’ll have some tea or something,” he said weakly, attempting to get to his feet. I rose too and helped him up by the arm. He swayed slightly and leaned on me for support.
Sherlock sat up again and averted his eyes, “I would like to research post-traumatic stress so I know what‘s happening to me.”
I smiled and nodded; of course Sherlock would want as much data as possible, “Yeah okay, as long as you do it restfully!”
When I licked at the fading scar around his neck he gasped more loudly this time, muttering in my ear, “You… you feel so different than He did…”
I shook my head and sighed, resting my elbow on the mantle, “I just wish he would tell me what’s going on… I’m worried about him.”
A pang of guilt stabbed at my gut, “I’m sorry, I was downstairs with Mrs Hudson. I was telling her about your, um, condition.”
“Maybe I just don’t care!” I said nonchalantly, walking out the door and into the kitchen where Greg turned towards me.
There was a flurry of movement as people who I assumed were paramedics swarmed around me. I realised that Sherlock was no longer next to me and that was unacceptable.
She then pinched my cheek before heading back out into the kitchen. I took a bolstering breath and squared my shoulders before heading directly for my armchair, where I drank the rest of my tea.
Moran smirked at me as I approached. My vision narrowed and I saw red. There was so much I wanted to do to that scum. I wanted to rip him limb from limb for everything he did to Sherlock and scream at him until I was hoarse but, in that moment, my hands clenched into fists and my body acted almost without conscious thought. Moran opened his mouth to sneer something in my face as I stopped in front of him, but before he had the chance, I punched him squarely in the face, harder than I had punched anyone in my life.
“Will you stay with me again?” he asked hesitantly. “I don’t think I will be able to sleep without you…”
He whirled around and stopped playing. The look in his eyes was akin to one of a child caught in the act of doing something they weren’t supposed to. He was only wearing his pyjama bottoms underneath his dressing gown and I could vaguely see the white scar on his flesh poking through the loose material.
“You’re missing the point!” I said incredulously. “All that matters is that you enjoy it with someone special.”
It took a moment for his words to register and I looked down at my right thigh. There was a tear in my trousers and blood leaking from the wound. Quite a lot of blood, actually.
The first time I found his prostate, Sherlock bucked again, this time even more wildly and practically squealed. I kept stimulating this area, but more gently as I brought my other hand to grip the base of cock. This was it. I was going to suck cock for the first time in my life. The heady smell of Sherlock was intoxicating, just like the last time I was this close to him. There were butterflies in my belly but my mouth watered, overpowering my nerves as I placed a small kiss to the head, tasting his come.
“Besides,” Sherlock went on. “You start to make this little snuffling sound when you begin to wake up. It’s quite adorable.”
I glared at Greg and Mycroft for upsetting him while he was in such a fragile state. I draped an arm over Sherlock’s hunched shoulders and stated as calmly as I could, “Boys, where do we go from here?”
“No, what I meant was that you don’t need to talk to me like that because I am glad that you told me. About what happened to you,” I said, carefully phrasing my sentences so he didn’t misunderstand me again, “I mean, you’re experiencing something and it’s affecting you which is making me worried. And you’re not going to get better until you let it out and talk about it.”
Sherlock paused as he blew on his spoonful of soup and nodded quietly before returning to his meal. I cocked my head to one side as I watched him. He really was awfully thin. I thought perhaps I needed to put him back on a drip, but I knew Sherlock would never agree.
I smiled and shook my head fondly. Of course Sherlock had memorised my sleep habits. I’m sure most people would find that off putting but I found it rather sweet. I hummed in acknowledgement of his answer and took a sip of tea.
Greg approached the laptop with trepidation and let out a quiet breath when he read the message, “Jesus…”
The smaller scars there looked old and mostly healed over. There were only a few that were very prominent but others had faded and were barely visible.
I sobered as I regarded Greg and Mycroft for a moment. I pulled Greg into a brief hug and then patted Mycroft on the shoulder, “Thank you. Both of you. Thank you for taking care of everything.”
“Okay,” I managed, nodding empathetically. A lone tear rolled down Sherlock’s pale cheek, and I swept it away with my thumb, unable to bear seeing him in pain. Sherlock cautiously kissed me on the forehead before turning away and disappearing into the bathroom.
Sherlock scanned the street before getting unsteadily to his feet and crossing the road to the bank. I followed close behind, keeping a worried eye on him. As we reached the bank, Lestrade came around the corner and approached us.
I stood by the laptop, watching the messenger chat, before surveying the different coping mechanisms on show from everyone in the space. I clenched and released my left hand, before excusing myself to get changed into proper clothes. Half of my things had been moved into Sherlock’s room by this point, so I retreated to the downstairs bedroom to find a cosy jumper to wear as though it were a bullet proof vest. Much like Sherlock, I felt as though I was donning armour for battle. It also gave me something to focus on other than the thick atmosphere in the flat.
Sherlock nodded turned back to the TV. I got my phone out again and informed my sister of the change of plans, before settling onto the couch with a book.
“Eight weeks and you never thought to ask what this was all about,” Sherlock asked with incredulity before turning to me with a roll of his eyes, “You see? Normal people are so terribly stupid.”
Sherlock averted his eyes from the screen to look down at my shoes, “We have no other choice. It’s either sit here and wait for him to attack us in the street or we confront him now and be done with it.”
“Well, I came to check on you actually but I see now that John has that quite under control!” Greg said with a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock sighed, lowering his feet to the floor and running his hands through his curls, making my stomach flip. I had seen him do that many times before but only now had I realised how beautiful he was.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock interrupted gently, a small cheeky smile on his lips. “I do want that. Especially if it’ll help with your healing…”
I chuckled in reply, glad that Sherlock wasn’t upset with me. As he finished unwrapping the bandage, he said softly, “I just want to shower before we do anything. Maybe even have two showers…”
As I wrapped my free hand around the back of his head, he looked at me like a deer in the headlights of a car. I smiled and tried to reassure him with a nod. I realised this was not what Sherlock Holmes did, open himself up to feelings and attachment, so I knew how scary this must be for the self-proclaimed sociopath. He smiled back and nodded, so I leant in closer, all my senses on overdrive in an attempt to capture this moment in my memory forever. Our noses were barely touching and I could feel Sherlock’s hot breath against my lips.
Sherlock’s face looked pensive before beginning to close off and detach again. I had to stop him from shutting me out so I grabbed the side of his face, forcefully yet kindly, and angled it towards me, “Sherlock, you don’t have much choice. I’m going to get you through this and there’s nothing you can do to stop me from helping my best friend.”
As Mycroft took a breath to argue his case, a quiet voice spoke from the entryway to the kitchen, “Do I get a say in any of this?”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed again and he took a breath, grasping desperately onto my hand, “…Chained up, he’s smiling at me, he… he runs his hands over my chest, scratching me… then… then, lower…” He whimpered and sobbed, before crying out and scrambling off the couch, stumbling over to his armchair before collapsing to the floor.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up with the intensity of a deduction, “Yes, it is sick. But it means he was masturbating while we were talking, and he took this photo after he was done. Which means he thought he’d won, and he wasn’t being careful in his… fervour. The arrogance! He wasn’t thinking clearly! And because the photo is from a different device and it was a spontaneous, personal message, it must have been taken on his personal phone…”
So I scooted closer to Sherlock to take a better look at the marks on his skin. I reached out and gently took his wrists in my hands. His skin was cool and slightly clammy as I ran my fingers deftly over his wrists.
“Shut up Greg,” I said I put the kettle on, smiling when Sherlock came up from behind and wrapped his arms around me.
I woke up the next morning to soft light emanating from behind the closed curtains. I was in our shared bed in Sherlock’s room and gently stretched out my aching limbs. I closed my eyes again briefly and took stock of how my body was feeling. My right thigh was throbbing with a dull ache and seemed to be aggravating a slight psychosomatic pain in my knee. Or perhaps it was just bruised as the left one also felt a little sore, probably from when I pushed Sherlock to the ground the night before. My shoulder was also stiff, as it appeared that I had hardly moved from the position I had fallen asleep in. Sherlock and I had managed to drag ourselves up the stairs and stay awake long enough to get undressed, before collapsing in a exhausted heap. I had been probably been pressed up against Sherlock all night…
Sherlock shook his head gently, "I understand... why you told her... she deserves to know. Just, don't tell her what happened... because, then... she’ll think… think I’m…” Sherlock let his forehead drop forwards onto his arms with a strangled sob.
All of a sudden, Sherlock looked around dazedly and I could tell by his glazed eyes that he was not fully with us yet. So I took this opportunity to ask him what he was seeing.
"Please don't let him hurt me again, John, please. I can't, I can't, I can't," Sherlock mumbled over and over into my shoulder.
I smiled reassuringly at him and led him to the couch where I gently pushed him down onto the cushions, “First of all, I’m going to get you something to eat…”
“Is this better?” I asked quietly, rubbing my erection against Sherlock’s thigh for some kind of relief. Going slowly was seriously testing my restraint.
I returned my gaze to Sherlock’s face as he looked at me with a concerned but determined expression. He touched my elbow and said quietly, “We’ll get through it… together. Just like you said.”
I gazed at him lovingly, taking in every inch of his sleeping form. He stirred slightly and I couldn’t resist kissing his face reverently, everywhere I could reach.
“Relax,” I whispered against his perfect Cupid’s bow lips, before closing the gap. I brushed my lips against his briefly, to get him used to me, before repeating this motion to taste Sherlock a second time. Then, I stayed longer against his lips, applying more pressure with my own, moving my mouth against him.
Once the pills were gone, Sherlock took the tray and placed it back on the bedside table. When he turned back around, I shuffled closer to him and ran my hand down his bare chest gently. I placed a gentle, lingering kiss to his lips before nuzzling into the curve of his neck and inhaling deeply.
I turned towards him, folding my arms across my chest. Sherlock was staring at the table sadly as I said, “I told you before, you don’t have any reason to be sorry.”
After I had said that I realised how it sounded and felt a burning in my cheeks. But Sherlock didn’t notice, instead, his lips curved into a tiny smile. He didn’t look totally convinced but it seemed that I had reassured him a little.
I could hear crying. Sherlock Holmes was crying. I could hear him sobbing over the noise of the shower and that was when I knew something was very, very wrong. I knocked on the door and asked, “Sherlock? Are you okay in there?”
I heard Sherlock entering the kitchen with slow and controlled steps, but I kept my gaze on the two men in front of me, “Why? What’s the situation?”
I noticed a tiny smile come to his lips as he obviously found what he was looking for, before thanking Spaulding and crossing the road. I followed silently as Sherlock strode to the next block before standing on the corner and gazing around.
I groaned again but this time more out of protest than pain, “Beauty huh? I can live with that!” I winced as I rolled my shoulder again.
I smiled, it was so Sherlock. His orgasm was so intense last time that it nearly made him black out so he thought it would reboot his brain or something this time. I was completely in the mood for trying something new with Sherlock, but I was worried that this was all just stress, that maybe he wasn’t ready.
As I moved my kisses down to his jaw, licking the skin and tasting him, a thrill shivered down my spine. I nipped at the pulse point on his beautiful neck, making Sherlock gasp softly. While licking, nipping and kissing his neck and shoulders, I ran my hands over his torso, getting him used to the feel of me, and I him.
“Are you sure the chains were what made him do that?” Greg asked when we were back in his office at Scotland Yard the next morning.
“Well coupled with the fact that you are exiting my bedroom and you have nothing on but pyjama pants and said dressing gown, as well as your frankly alarming bed hair…” Sherlock trailed off before smirking. “It’s hardly a difficult deduction, even for Detective Lestrade.”
He grunted his permission for me to enter and I pushed the door open to see Sherlock perched upon the edge of the bath tub with a towel wrapped around his waist, hair still damp and dripping. I let out a shaky breath, trying to keep myself objective.
“Oh I’m so glad your investigative skills are not entirely non-existent Detective Inspector,” Sherlock drawled as he followed me into the kitchen in nothing but a pair of rumpled trousers, baring his love bites from last night to Lestrade.
I started to nod in understanding but immediately regretted it as black dots flashed across my vision, making me groan once more. When my vision cleared a little, I could see Sherlock kneeling beside my head, face pale with worry. I tried to muster up a smile to comfort him, but it probably didn’t look very reassuring, judging by Sherlock’s unconvinced reaction.
I shook my head and placed my other hand on his chest, “No don’t do that. It’s not about that. You know I would die for you, and you have died for me!”
I nodded, processing the information, “Okay, the aching is a side effect of what you’re going through; being so on edge all the time means your muscles tense and then they ache,” I explained, returning his hand to his lap and placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. “The nausea and the headache are to do with that as well. Let’s get you into some clothes and then we can see how you feel, okay?”
I turned onto my side and put some distance between us so I could look at him, “What do you want? From me, I mean. Do you want me to… I dunno…”
Sherlock opened his eyes and watched my fingers again, “Moran got a bit excited when he found a branding iron…”
I glared at him, but was secretly joyous inside as I poured tea for all of us, “What makes you think Sherlock needs checking on?”
We kept an eye on him for the next day and a half until another body was found, almost identical to the last. I had thought about trying to convince him to leave this one alone, but I knew even before I said anything that such an attempt would be futile.
Sherlock smiled tentatively at me and moved to place the tray down on the bedside table, “Hi. I went to get some breakfast and your medication. I assume Mycroft had it send over. I figured your leg would probably be hurting when you woke up, the painkillers from last night will have certainly worn off by now.”
I nodded, that’s what I had feared. Sherlock had tried to claw the scar off his flesh with his bare hands. I tried to keep the horror off my face trying to keep my mask of calm in place. I began gently rubbing the area of red flesh but Sherlock whimpered and cowered away from my touch.
Mycroft remained perched primly on the edge of a dining chair, as still as a statue. The only movement that betrayed his unease was the tapping of his fingers on the handle of his umbrella, which he still clutched despite sitting down. Greg was pacing up and down in front of the sofa, every so often making a move to sit down but then turning and pacing some more.
We burst into almost hysterical laughter, clutching each other as we tried to breath through our giggle fit.
Upon re-entering the sitting room, we found Greg bent low over Sherlock’s laptop while Mycroft stood at his shoulder typing furiously on his phone. As I moved through the kitchen, I checked my watch. About 15 minutes had passed since we messaged Moran, which didn’t leave us much time to make a plan.
“I don’t know…” he began. He turned away from me and crossed to stand facing the mantle, “I, uh, I don’t know… um, how things like this work, is all. I’m not sure I could… give you what you need…”
“I said that later on in the evening we are going to go out and wrap up this case,” Sherlock said louder.
He released a shaky breath and said in an unstable voice, “I realise that John. Unless there’s something you can do to s-stop it then… ah, I s-suggest you drop the matter…”
Hello again my faithful readers! I have a long chapter of smutty goodness for you as you have been so patient lately as I prepare for exams (I am procrastinating right now but meh)
Sherlock stepped away from me, tea in hand, moving to the other side of the kitchen into the furthermost corner away from me and Greg. The inspector stepped forwards and accepted tea from me before regarding Sherlock’s scars warily and asking carefully, “I know something was wrong last night. Should I be worried?”
Sherlock nodded and although the look didn’t leave his eyes, his breathing became less laboured and sporadic, “Sorry… I j-just… Oh god, I’m sorry…”
“Thank you John,” Sherlock whispered into my ear, voice breaking slightly. I stood on my toes and kissed him gently.
“That’s great!” I cried. We wouldn’t have to confront him, and Mycroft’s people could wrap everything up without us needing to leave the flat.
Sherlock nodded meekly, “They said I would be sore but there was no lasting damage. I had to use this salve though… they said the skin was torn…”
I hurried up to my room and tried to calm my thoughts as I changed into my pyjamas. Sherlock wanted me to stay again. This was too much for me. My heart had skipped a beat when he had asked but now I realised that this might be difficult.
“Moran,” I whispered gently. I got to my feet and took his hand, leading him gently to the edge of the bed, “I’m sorry that’s been your only experience. But I’m going to change that.”
“No! It... it was beautiful,” Harry said quietly as she went over and handed the glass to Sherlock, who looked at her with surprise but nodded his thanks as he took the glass. She gave him the painkillers and he smiled tightly as he accepted them. He looked at the little white tablets, but he didn’t move to take them.
Moran tutted, “Such bad habits you’ve learned my pet! Clearly Dr. Watson doesn’t know how to discipline you. Perhaps I can educate him…”
Such a revelation to someone of my age was a shock to put it mildly. Whilst I was trying to digest this sudden realisation that I wasn’t at all as straight as I thought I was, I then became dimly aware of Mrs Hudson’s presence in the kitchen.
Eventually, Sherlock placed his violin down and stretched out on the couch. He slept quietly for a while under my watchful gaze before awaking with a spooked look in his eye. I put the television on to distract him, letting him flick mindlessly through the channels.
“Oh no, there’ll be nothing of use there,” Sherlock stated. “The real intrigue is at the scene of Mr Wilson’s tobacconist shop!”
“It’s alright, Dr. Watson,” a calm female voice said. “We’re applying pressure to the wound to stop the bleeding. Can you hear what I’m saying?”
We listened with bated breath to the voices echoing up the stairwell; it was Mrs. Hudson sounding slightly panicked, accompanied by the gruff voice of Lestrade and the smoother tones of Mycroft Holmes.
Again, Sherlock nodded, “It’s just that… he…” Sherlock brought his hands to his head and pressed the base of his palms into his eyes, whimpering again and again. Then it hit me.
I peeled my eyes open again to look down at the place where the pain was radiating from. Gloved hands were covering the wound, and my head was clearing a little after the initial wave of dizziness and pain, “Yeah, I’m with you…”
“No, Sherlock wait,” I gasped breathlessly into his mouth. I looked into his dilated grey orbs, certain mine were exactly the same, “You’re not… we’re not ready yet.”
I couldn’t breathe. Moran. It was Moran, he had found us, crawled out from under whatever disgusting rock he had been hiding under. I knew what I had to do. I whipped out my phone and sent a 999 message to Mycroft and Lestrade, before snapping the laptop shut and throwing both devices on my armchair.
I trailed my nails gently up his arms and back down, all the way down his sides to rest at the waistband of his boxers, “More? Are you ready for more?”
The change of pace left me feeling a little shocked, as though I had completely misread where the situation was headed. I was hoping we could indulge in some lazy and gentle celebratory sex after the ordeal we had been through last night, but Sherlock had moved to tug the covers away from my injured thigh. It seemed as though he was pretty serious about taking care of me, but I hoped it wasn’t something more than that.
Mycroft pursed his lips in displeasure, but he dialled a number on his phone and pressed the device to his ear, moving out onto the stairs briskly, “Hold fire. Establish a perimeter and asses the structure…”
He was talking about his scars but truthfully I hardly even noticed them anymore. They were just Sherlock. I knew he wouldn’t believe me no matter what I said so I tried something different; I licked the large scar across his chest from underneath his nipple up to his clavicle.
Sherlock smirked, a mere shadow of what I knew the original was like, “I think I can. I have done this before you know!”
As Sherlock pressed send, his hands began to tremble on the keyboard. I put my other arm around him and pulled him towards my chest, where Sherlock promptly shut his eyes and buried his face against my shirt.
I turned to Sherlock, who was standing there with his arms wrapped around his torso and his shoulders hunched. While his posture betrayed his fear, his eyes were clear and resolute.
Sherlock always poured his emotions into his music, meaning that with some practice, I can tell exactly what Sherlock is feeling through his compositions. I could tell he was getting more and more worked up just by listening to the intensity of his playing.
I nod. A situation that is out of his control is hard for Sherlock at the best of times but everything was just more difficult where Moran was involved. But I was still confused about one thing, “Okay, but what made you think that sex would help?”
I squeezed the hand that I was holding and placed my other hand on his cheek, rubbing his porcelain face with my thumb, “Hey, it’s okay. Sherlock, look at me, you’re okay. Stay with me. You’re safe.”
Sherlock was moaning and panting beneath me and it was the most amazing sight I had ever seen, completely open without any walls to protect him. I coated a hand in lube and wrapped it around our cocks, making Sherlock arch off the bed. Then, I started to move again. Soon, we were both a quivering tangle of limbs, hot mouths wherever they could reach and I was whispering Sherlock’s name with every movement, as though to remind myself who I was with.
