"Yes, yes, yes!" Sherlock whimpered, until his mouth was occupied by John's tongue.  He let himself be overtaken, dominated.  Sherlock loved this, the ability to let go, to whimper and beg and say utterly ridiculous things that in any other context would bet utterly mortifying.  They gave that ability to each other, in this intimate space.  It was trust; it was love unlike anything else Sherlock had ever experienced in his lifetime, more than he had ever dared to hope for.  It might've brought tears to his eyes if the man he loved wasn't currently fiddling between his legs and telling him in great detail what was about to be done to him.
"A bit."
Sherlock sits John down on the toilet lid and helps him remove his clothing.  John got a better look at himself in the bathroom mirror and it isn't a pretty sight: the ligature marks, the gash, the bruising, a few small cuts on his cheek that he didn't know were there.  His eyes are bloodshot from the pressure of attempted strangulation.  His hair is an absolute mess, although that's the least of his concerns.  His head feels so heavy and it keeps rolling around on top of his shoulders until Sherlock leans forward, offering his shoulder for support.  John gratefully lays his head upon it, trying to calm the vertigo that's setting in from sitting upright.
.  The
creamy skin that lit to a rosy pink when he was aroused, dusted with a smattering of soft brown freckles and moles here-and-there.  His pubic hair was reddish, thick and downy, admittedly a bit longer and wilder than John had expected but with clearly demarcated boundaries.  Sherlock was the type of human who either had thick hair or no hair at all on any given part of his body, there wasn't much of an inbetween.
Perhaps that's why the few days in hospital had been so difficult for him, John thought.  It was much harder to manipulate strangers from a hospital bed, whereas when he was dealing with John, Sherlock knew exactly which buttons to push.  It was the argument John used when Sherlock begged to be let home, but of course he had lost that as well.
It took him until about eight to work up the courage to begin to imagine.
" Sherlock murmured, quivering.  "
His voice snaps Sherlock out of it, seemingly, as he sets to lathering a sponge, keeping busy as if to push away unpleasant memories.  John knew he wouldn't want to talk about it, but they’re going to have to, eventually.  Sherlock fancied himself above emotions, but it simply wasn't true, and he couldn't keep suppressing them like this.  He
John was once told that Sherlock had wanted to be a pirate as a boy.  The thought had made him smile both on the inside and out.  With that imagination, of course Sherlock had wanted to be a pirate.  John certainly did not have a hard time believing that.  John could picture the stubborn little thing now, all dark curls and bright blue eyes and gawky limbs and slight lisp, shoving off for lands unknown in a striped shirt and paper hat.  Perhaps he had been playing pirate at a Christmas party, scribbling deductions down in a captain's log.  The image made him smile and get a bit romantic.
is reassuring
~~~~~
But more than that, John loved fucking Sherlock while Sherlock was still hard.  There was something absurdly sexy about Sherlock's erection swinging about as he took John up his backside.  But more than that, the feeling of Sherlock's orgasm from the inside was
Sherlock meditated on this for a while, nostrils flared and brows furrowed. He had never heard anything quite like it. He was the first to admit that he was a man of stunted emotional intelligence, but even so...
It took John exactly fifty-eight minutes to assemble the small tree.  It would've taken him a lot less time if the directions weren't written in Finnish.  Sherlock was fluent in French and German (and had a decent handle on many more languages) but Finnish left him with a stare as blank as his doctor's.
~~~~~
In an effort to distract himself and be
He didn't so much climb the stairs as he slid up them. His body was like jelly that hadn't quite set, smooth globules spilling swiftly from one container to another, except upwards against gravity as he went up the staircase. Perhaps if he kept climbing he'd spill over into John's arms.
"Oh, look at you," John chided mockingly.  "Can't wait to get me in, can you?"  He circled Sherlock's hole with feather-light touches.  "I'm going to have fun fucking you, with how smooth your sweet little arse is.  Less friction, I'm going to be able to fuck you even harder.  You're going to
None of that mattered, though, as Sherlock's arse squeezed thought from John's mind like toothpaste from the tube as he slid in.
Presently there was nothing left save quivering, overworked muscles and the heavy breathing of two men madly in love.  John gently pulled out and the two of them collapsed next to each other, panting.
"No, John, not there... this one is larger than that one, it goes lower."  Sherlock heaved a heavy sigh so that John knew just how terrible he was at his job.  "No, that one."
Sherlock Holmes was very good at going incognito when need be, and he hoped the same for his emotions.
"What about it?"
The rhythmic tensing of orgasm in Sherlock's pelvis tugged on John and he gave in, feeling his own orgasm pulse even as he felt Sherlock's cock in his hand twitch at the same time.  John moaned in lusty satisfaction with each shot of semen, but Sherlock, as per usual, was quite silent, having buried his red face in a pillow.
The detective decided it was best to head home.
Sherlock was at the end of his rope.
They got the trousers off and Sherlock managed to shimmy his way out of his pants as well.  John tried to avert his gaze and handed the man one of his silk dressing gowns.  John had experienced much nudity in the military of course, but with Sherlock it was somehow different.  He was cleaner, more innocent.  He made John feel guilty.
Sherlock stared back at him, fish-eyed.  "Me.  Waxing," he said shortly, after a fashion.
John smiled. "Quite nice."
"'Calm down'?  'Calm down'?!" Sherlock repeats, his voice growing louder and more frenzied.  "I just watched someone nearly wrench you away from me and I'm supposed to laugh and pretend that it's to be expected?  You are
Now, as he lay on his back in bed in the lonely cocoon of his room, his traitorous mind wandered back to John's kisses. The dark stillness of the flat cast a startling contrast from the strobe lights and musical merriment of the reception he left behind, although his bedroom was cast in a soft glow from a tiny nightlight Sherlock had shamefully taken to leaving plugged into the wall outlet in the hallway after he returned to live at 221b alone (not because he was frightened of the dark, of course, but because it gave the illusion that someone else was home).
John leaned his head against Sherlock's once again.  "Happy Christmas, you git.  I'm afraid I don't have any gifts for you."  John did feel genuinely bad about that.  He enjoyed the aspect of giving to people he cared about.  "You know, what with what's been going on and all."
John's heart aches at the sight.  Instinctively, he reaches up and brushes his thumb across Sherlock's cheek.  It suddenly occurs to him that, no matter how vulnerable and helpless John might be at the moment, naked and injured and splayed out in a steamy bath, Sherlock is feeling just as vulnerable, if not more; his usually vice-like grip on himself is weakened, his emotions smeared all over his face like garish make-up.
"But the parties," Sherlock said, voice picking up a bit, "the parties were always to be looked forward to.  So many things to observe, so many people to watch and notice and deduce.  It was perfect, no one ever paid me any thought.  Short introductions and then I'd be off to pick them apart from afar while they hit the sauce."
Sherlock to do that.  John had never requested it of anyone.  He knew as well as anyone else what a pain in the arse upkeep could be for that sort of thing, and he wasn't sure he'd be willing to do it for anyone himself, so he didn't figure it was fair of him to ask it of anyone else.
," Sherlock snarls, spitting the word hatefully.  John knows he's hit the nail on the head.
"We didn't put it up this year," John said, a bit confused.  "Remember?  We were so busy with the case."
"...What?  I'm not leaving you," John's mind scrambled for purchase.
The night before the wedding, John stopped by. Sherlock was idly scratching at his violin, slowly, in his chair in front of the fire. He looked as though he were in a trance.
"Already hurt," came the breathy baritone beside him.
"John, I want a whiskey sour."
"If you wanted... I could teach you."
"What is it, Sherlock? Thought you wouldn't attend the wedding? Did you think you could manage to keep yourself out of it? You are, you know, the
And that was the other side of it: Sherlock could now enjoy John's cock, and John could now last longer than thirty seconds.  John had had a few sessions of anonymous anal sex before meeting Sherlock, but by and large his penetrative sexual encounters involved women, whose orifices were lovely, to be sure, but not anywhere near as tight as Sherlock's pert arse.  At first he didn't mind coming so early, as Sherlock wasn't able to tolerate much action for long anyway.  But eventually as time went on and Sherlock began to really enjoy being fucked, John knew he would have to increase his stamina if he didn't want to feel an inadequate lover.  It was still touch-and-go, but he was getting there.
"Mmm-hmm."
"Thank you."
Would John try and penetrate him? Sherlock wasn't sure if he'd like that. Maybe. He'd be willing to try it at least, if John would just come back to stay with him. He tried to imagine what that could be like...
"Trying to seduce me?"
John was smiling.  Oh, and Sherlock's mind was carbon paper and that smile, that smile was etched into it...
~~~~~
~~~~~
He sounded utterly ridiculous.
Sherlock awoke. His heart was beating normally.
~~~~~
Sherlock peers at him for another moment and then gets up to draw the bath.  His footsteps are weighty, ominous, full of purpose.  John smiles fondly at how melodramatic the git can be.  He hears muffled noises of a bath being drawn coming through the walls, the pull on the shower curtain, the squeak of the faucets, the rush of water as it fills the ancient bathtub.  He leans back into the sofa, relaxing a bit.  A hot bath did sound lovely.
But through it all, he couldn't bring himself to blame John. It wasn't John's fault; he just fell in love.
Sherlock pressed his luck and took John's other hand to put on his waist.
So Sherlock began to play
"Or you could, you know, cover up a bit."
"Thank you," Sherlock rumbles, his voice catching in John's chest as he leans in to smell John's neck.
"You look..." John paused, his lips open and grasping for the next word.
John's foot tapped idly. "Sherlock."
Sherlock asked, "So you like it then?"
Sherlock knew the lines on John's lovely face by heart; if given a blank outline of John's head and a fine point marker, he could fill them all in from memory depending on what expression they were making. This of course included the line of his lips, right
"Well," John says, after a bit of a pause.  "Go draw the bath, then."
But being released early from hospital didn't mean that Sherlock was in any condition to be taking the stairs on his own.  The dark-haired man was panting at the top of the first landing, his hand on his side, his odd head swiveled up to regard the second obstacle stretching between him and home.  John had offered an arm at the beginning of the first set of stairs but his proud prat of a friend had pushed him away.  John wasn't about to let him climb the rest of the way alone.  He walked up and grabbed the arm on Sherlock's good side, pulling it across his shoulders for support.
But on the other hand...
Sherlock felt a pleasant heat in his cheeks.
When they broke apart, Sherlock gasped, "Oh John, fuck me!"
"Of course." Sherlock turned around to face his doctor. Ears ringing, heart thumping wildly in his chest, he put a hand out. When John took it, his small, rough hand in Sherlock's large, soft one, a tingle radiated all up and down his arm. Once, on a case, he had gotten a zap from a mildly electrified fence; this felt similar, except far more pleasant.
This was one such night.
), he turned over onto his stomach and rutted so slightly against the bed, but didn't really get anywhere before his consciousness was mercifully ripped from him.
"You're right. We're out of time. Teach me to waltz. But let's close the curtains, eh?"
~~~~~
"Sherlock," he gathers up the energy to croak out.  He doesn't get a response.  "Sherlock," he tries again, a bit louder.  Sherlock finally seems to snap out of it.  His eyes meet John's before quickly darting away again, but he doesn't speak.
"I don't know..."
~~~~~
John's breath caught in his throat.  It was the hydrocodone.  It had to be.  Sherlock had no discernible filter to begin with and everything was magnified right now.  He tried desperately to grasp at reason and rationality.  "Sherlock..."
"Do you like it?" Sherlock asked with a bit of uncertainty.  The fact that he couldn't deduce the answer said volumes.
John turned to look straight ahead, surveying the green landscape.
wasn't going to work today.
One corner of John's mouth slowly curled into a half-smile.
Of course, Sherlock was quite good at doing absolutely nothing; he spent about a third of his time in a somewhat catatonic state, completely inwardly focused. But this was different than what he was used to, and far more uncomfortable. It felt an awful lot like Before.
He hadn't pulled it to the forefront in a long time, but the thought was always swimming below the murky surface.
"Of course. If that's what you want." He fought to keep his voice even and unaffected.
"I've never even heard him say his name."
~~~~~
"I love it when you play.  I love watching you play too.  It's like you're outside of yourself, it's brilliant."  John knew he shouldn't have been drinking.  Damn it, damn him, why did he have to drink?  But he was so happy right now... Sherlock was near and on the mend, and it was Christmas, and here he was with his head in John's lap.  John hadn't cared much about Christmas for a long time, but suddenly it had meaning again.  "Christmas meant nothing to me for years, Sherlock.  I'm glad you've made it mean something to me again.  I'm glad we can share it together.  I'd have it no other way."  Shut up, John.
Sherlock unzips John's flies and moves his partner's hands to wrap around his neck for support, pulling John up so he can pull his trousers and pants down past his knees before setting him back on the toilet lid again.  He then pulls the fabric off the rest of the way, taking care not to disturb John's ankle.
~~~~~
John blinks.  "What?  You want to bathe me in the tub, like a child?"  John says it softly with a smile on his face, but Sherlock apparently thinks he's ridiculing him.
Sherlock loved making an entrance, and what's more, he was damn good at it. He smiled broadly at John, his full lips pulling away into a positively dashing wolfish grin.
Sherlock had seen John kiss Mary many times before, a little peck here or there, but somehow at the wedding it was different. Their kisses shared as bride and groom were deeper, hungrier, a bit more intimate, and Sherlock hoped no one noticed his eyes lingering on the happy newlyweds, fixating on what John's lovely thin lips might feel like, adjusting for the angle and trajectory and how swollen Sherlock's own lips might be at time of contact.
"As I have told you before... and as you
"I love it," he growled, tackling Sherlock, who yelped.  John nuzzled against Sherlock's mouth, a bit dominant and forceful.  "Did you decide to go and get yourself ready for me?  Decided to go and get yourself fixed up like a proper whore?" he asked in between hot, forceful kisses.
"You can't get out of bed."  John raised his voice as he walked towards the bedroom so Sherlock was sure to hear.  "Woo, it is chilly in here," he acquiesced upon entering.
The hand Sherlock was leaning on slipped from his leg, jolting him awake. No! Must solve the case. Client. Victim. Cardigan. Focus on client. John, a warm presence beside him. The pleasant searing of the handprint still felt on his leg through his trousers where John steadied himself earlier. Focus on client.
"Sorry?"
"...Sherlock is a girl's name."
Sherlock saw the moon, its magnificent cheesy face beaming down upon him.
"Really, Sherlock. It's lovely. You're an amazing composer, you know."
In any event, the usual reddish kinks of hair were gone.  John grabbed a pillow to give Sherlock more support, then leaned in and began lapping firmly at the small dark furrow of Sherlock's arsehole.  Supporting Sherlock's calf with one hand, he felt gooseflesh rise under his fingers as he rolled his tongue forcefully against the most personal place of his lover's body.
"Whatever.  Hand me my things, I can put them on whilst you're building the fire."
Sherlock's heart melted and spilled out of his ears and eyes and mouth with such ferocity that he wondered how John wasn't able to see it.
"Here. Follow my lead first and then I'll follow yours." Sherlock hesitated. "Just... imagine I'm Mary."
It was agony.
Sherlock interrupts him.  "Not only the fact that they tried to take you, they
"Bloody hell, Sherlock, calm dow-"
Sherlock felt an overwhelming heat fan throughout his body. Of course he wasn't an idiot, and had a lot of theoretical knowledge on sex, but it seemed that when the matter pertained to himself, he could never get it to not overwhelm him.
"I'm glad I have you to share it with me, John.  I like being alone, but... I don't like being left alone."  He reached to grab at John's knee.  "I wish I were able to play the violin right now," he added as an afterthought.  "I know how much you enjoy it."
Sherlock is proficient at hiding his emotions; he wasn't born that way, he's learned it over countless years of emotional distancing and alienation.  Control over himself is something he prizes perhaps above anything, and it actually caused some friction early on in their relationship.  His inability to open up triggered some insecurity in John until Sherlock learned (very slowly) that he could trust John with his stickier, hatefully human side, and slowly let his guard down.  But he never let it down all the way, not really; there was always a thin wall left standing between the two of them to the point that John never knew precisely what Sherlock was feeling at any given moment unless Sherlock made the decision to expressly tell him.  Until now.  Sherlock knows he is being read like an open book, and it's terrifyingly new, being on the other side.  He feels peeled open, metaphorically bent prostrate before John, and he can't tell if he feels more mortified or freed.
"Like hell.  But not worse than some enhanced interrogation techniques I've been through," Sherlock said thoughtfully.  He shrugged, then looked back up at John hopefully.
His eyes roll lazily in their sockets to look up at Sherlock, who is leaning on his bare forearms over the edge of the tub.  He's rolled his expensive shirtsleeves up so they don't get wet, but a few splashes from the bath have found their way to him anyway, marking his shirt a dark purple in spots.  He's peering down at John, his dark curls going a bit frizzy in the humidity of the bath, the corners of his mouth turned upwards a bit.  He's pleased that John is comfortable, but his expression is still severe and his nostrils are still flared.
"How do you feel about waxing?" Sherlock asked, completely apropos of nothing, one crisp morning in late Autumn.
After some whiskey (just a small bit--after the stag night they'd had, they were a bit weary) and a game of cards, when emotions weren't quite so high, John brought up the waltz again.
~~~~~
"Don't be frightened."
John was sympathetic there; after all, he had had the unfortunate experience of being shot once as well, and although he was sure it felt different being shot in the side rather than the shoulder, the image of Sherlock taped up and obviously hurting brought the memory of the agonizing pain back to the forefront of his consciousness.  He was, on some level, happy to have Sherlock released into his own care so that he might ensure his partner's comfort.
~~~~~
"Thank you for putting it up."  Sherlock's voice was sincere and tired.
"Well, you know, wedding plans and stuff."
"With opioids?  Yeah I don't think so," John said with a smirk.
Being kissed by John. Being rendered unaware of his surroundings, his senses plugged up with John, his scent, his taste, his touch, even his sight. If John kissed him and Sherlock dared to open his eyes, he literally wouldn't be able to see anything but John. It'd be as though John were holding Sherlock hostage from the outside world.
Honestly, John wasn't completely sure.
Time somehow managed to skid to a halt and drag on concurrently.
"It's fine," he says simply, and John relaxes once more.
Janine was poised by the door to Sherlock's hospital room. Her pretty brown eyes bored into his.
Being selfless was really difficult.
It wasn't their first Christmas together, but it was one of their most memorable ones, their bodies and breaths and thoughts entwined as they watched the fire burn down.
And finally, Sherlock played the part where he came back, and John had moved on. Even though it seared him, ate him alive from the inside out, Sherlock loved him enough to play it. Sherlock was selfless enough to play it.
Sherlock closed his eyes, focusing on John's warm calloused hand on his head.  His side was beginning to ache again and he felt like everything was happening in slow motion, but if getting shot meant he got all of John's attention and his hands in his hair to boot... well by God Sherlock was alright with it.  He knew he was babbling like an idiot but he didn't care.  Perhaps tomorrow he'd care, but not now.
Sherlock Holmes' eyes were the color of two silver coins left out in a ray of sunlight. Currently they were staring unblinkingly into the face of a man that had graced their presence so often, and yet not enough. Never enough.
"Lilac."
"Hey, take it easy," John scolded gently.  "There we go, lean back."  He steadied Sherlock to lie down on the sofa, moving the empty ornament boxes out of the way.
"I... I simply..."
John absolutely loved sucking Sherlock off.  Apart from the minor jaw ache, he could've done it all day.  He liked to challenge himself to take as much of Sherlock as he could.  The semen wasn't particularly a treat, but he did love the feel of an engorged cock pulsating in his mouth, the slag he was.  For some reason, Sherlock liked to let John kiss him right afterwards so he could taste himself; John found that stupidly arousing as well.
"But I was just thinking... they don't exactly teach you to waltz in the army, do they." John was smiling ruefully into his empty glass.
~~~~~
Sherlock felt a soft glow in his cheeks. He wouldn't deny that he filled out a tux quite nicely, but he always felt his best dressed in John's compliments.
Sherlock's brain was adrift in a sea of John's words.  John wanted him near... well of course he did.  But to have it said plainly like that was something in and of itself.  Sherlock wanted no one near him but John.  He had to ask this next thing.  He had to or he was going to drown in himself without ever knowing.
~~~~~
Sherlock tried to nonchalantly put his fork down but it clattered somehow regardless.
He stopped abruptly, blinking.  If his brain were a car, it would have audibly screeched to a halt.
"Of course not.  It's for a case," Sherlock said quickly, effectively ending the conversation.
"Tree looks nice."
"How else do you suppose pretty posh boys groom themselves?"
"Hardly."  John had to chuckle at that.
The phonetic sounds of the words ran together and bled into Sherlock's brain, saturating it like an X-ray ion chamber.  No, John wouldn’t understand that analogy; like coffee saturating a napkin.
"You don't say!" John shot back.  He was glad they had decided to do this though.  They were both having a genuinely great time.
Steadying the sandy-haired head in front of him, Sherlock very seriously sets to work with the cloth, wiping the dirt and pain of the day from the face of the man who means more to him than anyone else ever would, or ever possibly could.  John knows that Sherlock is quite out of sorts, that much is obvious, but what he doesn't know, what he could never know,  is the depth of the
After Sherlock removes John's jumper and shirts, he puts a hand on the back of John's neck, cradling his head, and kisses him rather chastely on the mouth.  He remains silent whilst doing this, his eyes still rimmed with red and appearing glassy, but not leaking.  He seems quite intently focused on his task, John observes.
"He asked me to be his best man, and I'm going to do it."
, John thought.  "So you liked the parties because it gave you a deductive outlet?"
John's shoulders shook with laughter and his teeth made an appearance as his lips parted to let out a guffaw.
"Take it easy," he scolds gently.  "If you hurt yourself I'm in no shape to patch you up."
Where were the chairs? All the chairs. There used to be more. No, that was wrong. Less chairs. There used to be one more human taking up a chair, so technically less chairs. Sherlock was a genius.
"I didn't... you..."  John stammered, sitting back on his haunches.
, and nothing breaks through Sherlock's inward focus.  The fact that he wouldn't even know how to begin articulating his abstract fears and frustrations into words crosses his mind, and he hates everything more.
Sherlock found he was unable to say anything. Was it that obvious?
Now all that is left is a twisted ankle and some nasty-looking marks, and the burning around his neck.  John has some pain meds and should probably get to them, but right now he doesn't have the energy to do anything other than lay there.  He wouldn't mind sleeping out here on the sofa, right where he is, but that probably wasn't going to happen.  Sherlock would insist upon sleeping out there to keep an eye on him, and then of course he wouldn’t really sleep at all.  No, Sherlock will need to help John get to bed at some point.
"John, I..."  Sherlock couldn't.  He didn't dare.
, which would be an overtly obvious statement that Sherlock would not appreciate, he figures.
It was Christmas Eve, and his dear friend was laid up with a nasty injury.  They were both lucky it was just a nasty injury and not a life-threatening one.  The bullet had missed Sherlock's organs but that didn't mean the wound wasn't painful.  On top of that, the detective was so thin and frail.  The last case had been a long one, keeping nourishment out of his friend's body no matter how much of a ruckus John had made.  All John seemed to do anymore was worry about that man.  He loved him so dearly...
"But John," Sherlock tried very hard to make his face look sad and pitiable.  "I'm bored.  And my side doesn't hurt, the analgesics are doing their job."
John did as he was told before realizing he couldn't turn the tree on.  Sherlock realized at the same moment.
John did get bruised up a bit; he knows it will take him a few days to recuperate.  He was tripped and taken out from behind while running down a dark alley (really, where else?), punched when he wasn't looking.  John's fairly good with self-defence, but he is a bit out-of-practise these days, admittedly.  Before he even had a chance to react, another attacker appeared and it was two against one, and then a rope or something was wrapped around his neck.  He was nearly strangled.  His memory from there on is a bit of a blur, but he remembers Sherlock yelling a lot, his eyes glowing yellow.  To or at whom he was yelling, John isn't certain.  To his attacker, or into his mobile, or perhaps to John himself?  It wasn't important anyhow, John supposes.  The disturbing image of Sherlock's normally cool, collected visage screwed up and blown out with rage and horror will stick in his mind for a while though, that much was certain.
Sherlock felt his face flush. He looked down at his hand; it trembled a bit.
It's not that funny, but Sherlock titters like a schoolgirl, high-pitched and manic.  It's disturbing.  John watches with growing alarm as he keeps
Apparently Sherlock had made a slight miscalculation.
~~~~~
...is what John had just said. Now he was waiting patiently for an answer while a rip ran through the fabric of Sherlock's mind.
of what had transpired that day.  And not only of that, but of the fact that Sherlock hadn't even stopped to consider before that John might someday not be there.  How could he have never thought of that before?  How in God's name had that thought never crossed his mind?  John was always with him, and that meant things were always as they should be, as far as Sherlock was concerned.  That things might not always be aligned in that state of rightness... how did Sherlock Holmes manage to miss a possible outcome as obvious as that?
"Yeah it's getting a bit scary now," John said after another thirty seconds.
John wasn't fazed.  "Come off it.  You're laying here giving me a lyrical account of your childhood Christmases and telling me not to romanticise?"  John paused but when Sherlock didn't reply, he continued.
"Yeah, so let's keep it at one type of hurt then, hmm?"  John waited patiently as Sherlock leaned heavily on him, taking the steps like a child or an elderly person might, bringing both feet to rest on the step before tackling the next one.
Sherlock has bubbling away inside of the cauldron of his mind right now.  The hate, and the fear (although Sherlock didn't often openly admit to fear, not usually), the sense of possessive anger, and the chilling, mind-bending
John huffed out a chuckle. "Of course. Of course you do." He looked squarely at the detective, his face more open than it had been all night. "You love to dance."
. And Mary. Sherlock was trying so hard to be selfless.
John shook his head with a pained smile.  Hit a bit too close to home, that one.
John really hated himself for being such a pushover.
Sherlock let out a little gasp and immediately pressed his lips together. Willing himself not to sob, he mashed his mouth into his hand.
"What is it, Sherlock?"
Sherlock's mouth opens a little and his breathing calms as he considers this.  "You're right," he breathes, eyes twitching.  "They can't take that away from me."
"'Course you don’t," Sherlock said, although they both knew better.
his flatmate had been when they first began a romantic sexual relationship.  True, the experience had been disturbingly pleasant on some levels, but the bite marks had lasted for days, and it had been an argument just to get Sherlock to let him out of the flat to do the shopping.  And that was just because of a mild uneventful kidnapping.  John isn't sure he wants to find out what this case of actual potentially serious bodily harm would cause Sherlock to do in retaliation, especially when John needs rest so badly.
There was a time when Sherlock would have ridiculed such a statement.
There was a thoughtful pause on the other end of the line before Mycroft began to muse, seemingly out loud to himself.
Sherlock unleashed his deep chuckle.  It was interesting, John thought, imagining the tall, macabre, cerebral brute of a man with an impossibly deep voice as a small pale boy in Sunday clothes.  He rubbed behind his ears and Sherlock leaned into the touch.
"I love you," he said again.  "I love you.  I love your brilliance, I love your ignorance, I love your ridiculous quirks and your addictions, and I want you to go on being your intolerable, stupid, insufferable self until the end of my days."  John leaned in until they were touching foreheads.  His breath ghosted over Sherlock's face, carrying with it a fetching hint of whiskey.  "Until the end of me.  Which, by the way, you will be.
“Oooh God, Sherlock, that position is criminal.”
Lio hoped he wasn’t going to be much longer. People were beginning to stare, probably thinking she’d been stood up.
John grinned back and ducked his head, planting a kiss on Sherlock's temple. “Sleep then.”
“All the more reason you should have an escort, Miss Verednikova.”
John jerked his head toward Sherlock, eyes wide. His hair was dark with sweat, and his breathing was still coming in rapid pants. “I—c-can't. Sher—lock.” A flash of lightning lit up rest of the flat, and the crack of thunder that followed rattled the windows. John's teeth chattered harder and every muscle in his body tensed.
“I was busy,” he said with a pointed look. John tried to keep his face from going red and giving them away to Mycroft.
He was silent for a few moments, and Lio listened to his breathing begin to even out. “Hey, hey, wake up, you bum!” she said, shaking him.
“No, I—we don't have anything to hide. Apparently they were taking bets. We made him £100.”
John licked his lips, took a steadying breath, and kissed Sherlock. He tilted his head a little, and let his tongue prod at Sherlock's mouth, which opened slightly. His own tongue met John's tentatively.
John turned back to her. He smiled and took her hand. “It's okay. Don't worry about it, Molly, I understand. I'm glad someone with some sense was able to help him.”
“Rinse,” John ordered and Sherlock stuck his head under the spray as John moved to the side. Sherlock's back was to John, and though John had seen the scars littering his back before, he frowned at them. He put his hand on four short scars between Sherlock's shoulder blades. “Can you tell me where these are from?” he asked quietly.
They headed to a quieter area. “Now that I have the world's strangest search history, what do we do with that information? The killer seems to think Parliament is a treacherous place and thinks killing off members of the Security Committee is going to make it...safer? Better? Seems counter intuitive.”
They were trying to get him to drink something. He didn't want it. He clamped down tighter on the arm he was holding; he'd break it if they tried to inject him again.
John met Sherlock outside, and wasn't at all surprised to see that Mycroft was already gone.
Molly nodded. “Sherlock, what's going on? You're not okay. Should we call John?”
She waved a hand. “Eh, nothing exciting. I know you were busy with physical therapy, so don’t worry about it. I can tell you’re steadier on the stairs; you’ve recovered well?”
“Volgograd,” Sherlock finished for him. “I escaped you and your drugs. What did you want with me? Why use Lio to get to me?”
“Yes, you do have that affect on people,” John said with a smirk.
Sherlock kissed him again, and then moved back down his body, planting kisses behind his ear, on his neck, and down his spine. He reached John’s arse, paused, and stood up. He removed both his own and John’s pants. “John...you’ve no idea how long I’ve been waiting to taste you.”
“A hobo. Historically they were transient workers, moving from job to job, and not necessarily homeless. And this 'Tom' showed you this symbol?” Sherlock pressed.
Sherlock's shit luck at timing continued into the next day. When he woke up, John was already gone to physical therapy. He stomped around the flat moodily, prompting a text from Lio that simply read “stfu.” Once he considered the source, he was able to puzzle out the acronym. He didn't deign to reply. He also didn't reply to Mycroft's repeated texts. He and his “matter of national security” could wait.
“Fine,” he snarled and disconnected.
The three of them filed into the morgue where Molly was waiting. Since Sherlock's return and learning that Molly played some part in faking his death, John had been a little cool to her, but tried to put that aside for the case.
“It's...leaking,” he said with a deep frown.
“You stayed,” Sherlock said, a note of wonder in his voice.
chapter title from "dystopia" off polaris by tesseract
They arrived at the room a short while later and settled in for a classic steak dinner, though Sergei had somehow gotten his hands on something rather unusual for London. Lio sniffed the air like a bloodhound a few times before she caught it.
“Perfect timing!” he said. “C’mon, I’ll take you up to the room.”
“Keep in touch, da, that doesn't mean they'll give me state secrets though.”
Their food arrived and conversation stopped for a few minutes as they ate.
Lio gathered her things and called a cab, not quite believing she was about to get away with this. Sergei may have given her the best night of sex she’d had in a long time, but that didn’t excuse whatever this drug-running plot he was involved in with Golov. She’d trusted him with her life, once upon a time, and to have him repeatedly lie to her face was something she couldn’t forgive. Using sex to get access to the information she needed was her only option. At least that’s what she kept telling herself.
“They didn't see anything.”
“I called my old Colonel last night after sending him some of the information Mycroft had gathered. He told me he had someone in the area that should be able to help. I’m meeting him for dinner tomorrow. I’ll let you know after that.”
“Aw, sure will Sherl, swear on me mum.” He disappeared into the Station crowds.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He remembered, obviously, and that also explained why Lestrade mentioned his reaction. “Yes, go on.”
“It was good. Mellow. Maybe instead of a story, you can do a lullaby,” John said, smiling warmly.
They were in an alley and the whole area had been surrounded by police and security.
“I'll be damned.”
Sherlock. His posture wasn't anything too out of the ordinary and neither were his disdainful retorts. So what was it? Sherlock didn't become irritated until the discovery of the needle and subsequent evidence of heroin usage. Anderson's stupid mouth hadn't helped matters either.
The storm chased them back toward Baker Street, and Sherlock remembered his promise to pick up curry. Lestrade dropped him off at a nearby Indian place, and he took a cab the rest of the way once he picked up the food. It was raining in earnest as he arrived and the lightning was nearly constant.
Ms Monroe had a hand over her mouth. “He's been watching me?”
Getting close to the end. This is the last chapter I have pre-written, just the epilogue is left. Enjoy the final confrontation.
“Well done, Sherlock,” Mycroft said disapprovingly.
After five weeks, doctors decided that John's right foot was healed enough to no longer require the supportive shoe and after six weeks, he was allowed to remove the shoulder brace to sleep. Sherlock started leaving periodically then, picking up items from the morgue, but he never stayed out more than an hour or so. With the shoe removed, he was able to manage the stairs, albeit slowly, so John moved back up to his old room at that point, not wanting to keep Sherlock out of the man’s own bed any longer. Sherlock seemed to take that as a sign to stay up to all hours clinking around with his chemistry equipment, or chiseling through whatever bone matter he’d picked up from the morgue. He’d been quiet when John was in Sherlock’s room, and John had gotten used to it. Now, however, the noise was beginning to grate on his nerves.
“Molly, you're a professional, you're trained to observe things. What did you see?” John said as Sherlock sighed and looked at his watch. Some things never changed.
“That bastard. ‘Test subject,’ like you were some kind of experimental rat,” John seethed.
Thankful for the towels, John rolled them both and grabbed one from underneath himself and wiped down their chests. His cock slid from Sherlock and the taller man finally moved off him. They ended up in the opposite position of the their first time: John was on his back and Sherlock was on his stomach.
/**///*/*/*/
Lio regarded him in her own way: he’d gone very still and stopped eating, he became tense, and he breathed slow and deep, as if preparing for a fight. She knew he would do anything for Sherlock despite their outward hateful appearance. She also knew that if he was asking for her help, he must really be up against a wall. Lio wasn't afraid of Mycroft, per se, but he was very much a fist of iron in a velvet glove.
John ran a hand down his face. “Christ.”
“Oh Sherlock, Greg wasn't sure if you were coming. I have Jason Reynolds' toxicology report here as well as the others that I've come across. I noticed the pattern after the third one, but figured it was a new drug on the streets. Then Greg told me that Reynolds had been moved after he died. I'm not sure what that means, though.”
“John!”
More pressure and not quite a sting, though his finger wasn’t very deep. John changed the angle of his arm and steadily pushed in.
Sherlock kissed him. “Well, there’s always bed.”
chapter title from "palingenesis" off altered state by tesseract
John took a deep breath, used more lubricant on his cock, and pushed against Sherlock's entrance. The head popped in with a grunt from Sherlock and all the control John could muster. He slowly continued to push into Sherlock, who was panting. Suddenly Sherlock ground himself the rest of the way onto John's cock, causing him to nearly fall on top of Sherlock.
John didn't let him finish the question. His eyes snapped open and he fixed Sherlock with a glare. “Absolutely not. Although I'm a bit jealous at your complete lack of refractory period. And are you aware how dirty your mouth can get?”
He slid the needle in and depressed the plunger, driving the drug into his veins. The effect was almost immediate: he warmed up a bit and became so drowsy he fumbled with removing the tourniquet. He flopped gracelessly face first onto the bed to save his back, but he felt no pain for the first time in over a week. His breathing slowed and evened out as he slipped into unconsciousness.
Sherlock chuckled, then suddenly snatched the paper John was reading out of his hands. “Joint Committee on National Security Strategy.”
She suddenly registered someone approaching and stopping in her space.
Groaning over-dramatically, Sherlock climbed in and John followed. John was surprised to see Lestrade in the car as well.
“How are you feeling, Miss Verednikova?”
“Do I even want to know?” John asked suspiciously, eyes narrowed.
Sherlock covered John's hand. “I don't intend to.” He gagged and spat another mouthful of blood as the ambulance finally pulled in. Sherlock wiped his mouth on the blanket, grabbed John's face, and kissed him.
“We’ll have to get it over with eventually, Sherlock,” John said from the kitchen.
She nodded with a smile. “Thank you.”
“Ask Lio to do it. She won’t be able to see the state we’re in.”
“I've seen you interact with your previous girlfriends. This is what you do, John. You make sure your partner is comfortable and fully consenting before pursuing a sexual relationship.” John squeaked a bit. Sherlock pursed his lips and furrowed his brow. “John, you've never...with a man.”
They started at Parliament Square Garden, where Stephen McIlroy was found. Sherlock removed the crime scene photos.
Ms Monroe had noticed the man as well, but kept her cool and didn't give them away. She got up to throw away her cup, passing by Sherlock and John in the process. “Leave,” Sherlock muttered quietly to her. Ms Monroe gave an almost imperceptible nod and went back to her table to pack up her bag. John texted Lestrade to let him know that she was coming out. She walked out, then quickly darted across the street where Lestrade was waiting. He lead her into the Home Office, whose security had been made aware of the “operation” most likely by Mycroft. To give her time to get away, John dropped his drink in front of the door, blocking it as he cleaned it up, causing the large man to curse at him and shove him aside, pushing his way out the door. Sherlock followed and as the murderer looked around for his target, quipped, “Lose something?”
Not needing to be told twice, John pistoned his hips faster, chasing his own orgasm. He leaned down, captured Sherlock's mouth, and began tugging at his cock. Sherlock threw his head back and John kissed down his neck, licking and sucking at the tender spots.
“Probably his dealer. Testing out a new product, came to see how it was going and found his guinea pig dead. Tried to make it look accidental. Not worth our time. Come along John, we've more important things to worry about,” Sherlock said and swept out the door, ignoring Lestrade's “Oi!”
“No, on Marsham, across from the Home Office. It's a bit out of the way, but it's quieter than the one in the Station. Sometimes I hop on a bus if the weather isn't good, but usually I walk and cut through the gardens. I'll stay for an hour or so then catch a bus back to Westminster Station.”
Sherlock blinked, “You're...not angry?”
“Shall we get you a parrot? Perhaps a gold earring?” Sherlock asked, deadpan.
“Wait, what is this about?”
Sherlock got back to his feet, nearly knocking John over in the process and began pacing again. “He’s here to finish the job. I know too much. The ‘great Sherlock Holmes’ unravels an international drug cartel that was headed by members of the Russian military.”
The first thing Sherlock became aware of was heat. He was lying on his left side and John was curled up around him. “Spooning” he believed it was called. Though they had both put pants on, neither bothered with shirts, so John's chest was sticking to his back. And his breath was hot on the back of his neck. And his fringe was ticklish. And his arm was heavy across his hips. Now that he was aware of all these things, Sherlock couldn't get comfortable enough to go back to sleep. It had to be late morning or early afternoon at this point, so his body might be telling him to get up.
“Good evening, Miss Verednikova. I take it you're at home?”
He let his head drop against the couch with a groan and tossed the latest book aside after a short investigation. What was wrong with him? Normally he'd be running himself into the ground, chasing leads, no matter how weak, all over the city. He wouldn't be contemplating going to bed in the middle of a case. He looked at the closed bedroom door. It was John's fault. No, that wasn't fair. His need to be with John was the problem. Sherlock frowned. Problem? John had been anything but a problem. In fact he had taken Sherlock's declaration of love last night with more grace than expected, and he'd not only accepted but reciprocated fellatio. He also accepted their new relationship with a surprising ease. Sherlock couldn't have asked for their evolution to have gone better. So what, then, was the problem?
“Stop,” John said with a moan. Sherlock pulled him out of his mouth, but continued tonguing the head and slit. “You don't have to fit me all in--”
The kettle whistled. John nodded once, straightened his posture, spread some jam on a few slices of toast, and brought them into the living room like a man going to war. He set a plate down near Sherlock and sat in his own chair, sipping tea.
They weren't teenagers; they could restrain themselves for the thirty seconds it took to make it to the bathroom, but it was a near thing as they stripped as they went. John barely got the shower turned on before Sherlock was on him, kissing him passionately and sucking his tongue into his mouth. They ran their hands down each others' bodies, Sherlock focusing on John's chest and stomach and John wrapping his arms around Sherlock caressing the smooth planes of his back before dipping lower and kneading his arse. Sherlock groaned into John's mouth and kissed down his jaw, finding the new sensation of early evening stubble quite interesting. He wondered what that would feel like between his legs. John had his head thrown back so Sherlock kissed down his neck, licking at the hollow of his throat. After their first time, they’d been limited in their exploits due to John picking up locum work again, so Sherlock intended to take his time.
“Whatever this will get me,” Sherlock replied, and shoved the money into the man's hand. He grinned crookedly, and gave Sherlock far less than what he paid for.
“How do you figure?”
John released the nub and looked up at Sherlock, lifting his head away from the other man’s chest. Sherlock shoved his head back down so his prickly face rubbed against the sensitive nipple. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he writhed against the roughness of John's stubble. “Yeeesssss.” he hissed.
“He’s shampooing the carpet,” Sherlock told her.
“No, no one like that. The only regular I know is Lew, one of the baristas at Nero. He tried to get my number once, but he's seventeen, so I turned him down. The men from the Station are all older, and I don't think I've seen the same one twice.”
Sherlock closed his eyes as if in prayer and reopened them. He slicked his cock and pressed against John’s entrance. He caught John’s gaze and held it (and his breath) as he pushed in slowly. “Okay?” he asked, seeing John wince. John’s erection had wilted a little.
“He’s been lying to you.”
She put the drive in her pocket. “Thanks Sergei, I appreciate this. Thank Golov for me too. Can I ask what you’re up to in London?”
“I was finally able to sleep after that but...they found me, and took me to a house.”
John placed his hand on Sherlock's knee while keeping eye contact. “Sherlock. You don't have to 'repay' me. My friendship, loyalty, love, whatever you want to call it, is given freely. I don't need anything in return. Except possibly a separate fridge for body parts, but other than that, you have me. I will always be here.”
“Sherlock.” John said as they shed their coats. “You're my best friend. I would die for you. I would live for you, and have, even when I thought there was nothing worth living for. I'd do anything for you. You are...the best man I've ever known and you mean so much to me. I just...I hope I can live up to your expectations. I don't know what I'd do if you left again. Because I love you too.”
“Oi Sherl, good ta see ya cuttin' 'bout London again. Evie said tha' she talked ta Jamie and said ya aksed 'im ta find a picture, yeah? I seen tha' picture before, yeah? Ol' Tom, lived in Battersea. Taught me some stuff like. I kin jump on a movin' train wit'out losin' mah feet, yeah? 'E was a Yank, though. Dunno how 'e got 'ere, but 'e called 'imself a 'obo. Said they 'ad marks like, to let other 'obos know where was a good place ta stay like.”
Lio entered the hotel lobby, inhaling deeply. Large public spaces in general were always a bit of challenge to navigate and sort out, but hotels seemed to be particularly troublesome with their vaulted ceilings, wide open spaces, and diverse clientele. This one also had a restaurant and bar, so the smells of food were intermingled with the smells of leather from suitcases, the harsh chemicals used to keep everything spotless, chlorine from what she assumed was a very fancy water feature, and the melange of scents from the various cultures visiting the hotel. She took a moment to get her bearings. Thankfully it wasn’t very busy in the lobby, so she was able to head toward the concierge desk without bumping into things. It was irritating to have to tote everywhere, but the cane was a blessing.
“John? I'd just...I'd like to kiss you again. If that's okay.”
“Colonel Golov, please. Tell him Major Verednikova needs to speak with him urgently.” She waited several minutes, listening to the world's worst hold music, before a booming voice suddenly broke in.
Sherlock and John looked at each other.
John didn’t know if it was that thought or the heat of the bath that was making his face warm. He figured the latter based on the way his cock twitched interestedly. He frowned. Sherlock had given him everything, but there was still something John could give to Sherlock. He didn’t know if he was ready for that or if he would even like it. John thought for a moment, then decided to give it try, see what it felt like. He raised his knees and slid down a little into the tub, allowing his seeking hand better access. He found the opening and circled it gently. Not terrible so far. He pushed against it with a pinky finger. When it popped in, he was so startled John nearly yanked it right back out. It didn’t really feel much like anything, really. Maybe a little pressure, but not painful or pleasurable. He wiggled it around, moving it in circles and very, very slowly widening the opening. He could feel more pressure now, but that was it. He wasn’t even hard. John traded the pinky for his middle finger.
"John reminded me some people don't leave notes as some don't have people to leave one for."
"Well? What have you got?"
"..."
"What, what do you mean?"
With a nod of thanks he strode out, leaving behind a confused Molly.
"What, are you saying he knows someone who committed suicide?"
“We might as well eat this, rather than let it go to waste in the fridge.”
“If Sherlock were here right now. What would you say to him?” John paused and raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock kept still, his eyes fixed on John.
John frowned and dropped his hands to the detective’s knees. He rubbed up and down Sherlock’s thighs reassuringly. “Sherlock, it’s alright. Look at me and take a deep breath.”
Sherlock would have flipped him off but… well. He reached out and tried to lift the hat but his fingers were heavily bandaged and clumsy. It took three attempts but Sherlock finally got the infernal garment off by sheer determination. He was sweating by the time he picked up the knife and it wasn’t without a wince. The cutlery was too heavy for his injured hands and he struggled to hold even one. The egg sat perfect and white in his cup and more importantly, untouched. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock could see John pretending not to watch him.
“No. There’s somewhere I need to be. Thank you.”
“But it’s-”
“When I was younger, I had this girl over, Becki Anders.”
Finally their eyes met and both men nodded.
“I’m well aware of that Sherlock.” He pulled out his phone and set up some downloaded music to play and turned to get a fire started in the fireplace. He looked at the table and huffed a small laugh.
Sherlock’s stomach was sticky and warm from where John had spent himself and he noted the cooling rate against the temperature of the air as John petted his hair. John was saying something But Sherlock was too distant, it was all too quiet and he revelled in the feeling of his scratchy throat and the adrenaline still buzzing in his veins.
Sherlock scowled as he swept across the room, his open dressing gown lending him flair of drama as he moved. He sunk into his chair noisily and flipped on the tv.
John stood outside the stonewashed building, squinting slightly against the pouring rain as he leant heavily on his crutch. This is a bloody stupid idea, the doctor thought to himself. He didn’t need to talk; he had long since had enough of trying to put into words his feelings. Still, he owed it to Greg to do this. John inhaled deeply and limped up the stone steps before pushing open the glass doors.
“The bandages make it worse.”
“Doctor Watson?” John cast a brief glance over the receptionist, blonde hair. Any other time John would have willingly tried his best moves in an attempt to take her for a drink and more. Not today. Today wasn’t appropriate. He affirmed with a nod. “Room 221, upstairs, second floor. Doctor Wright is waiting for you.” John mumbled a thanks and followed the receptionist’s directions. When he got to the door he froze, mesmerised by the white lettering, stark against the dark wood. He lightly fingered the numbers “221” smiling weakly at the irony. He didn’t know if he should laugh or cry.
“It’ll clear up in a couple of days. Why don’t you watch some tv?”
“What do you mean?”
John could feel Sherlock’s breath warm and stead against his stomach and he finally opened his eyes. “Oh Christ. I’m fucked. So fucked,” he whimpered as Sherlock swallowed around his cock.
“Oh, fucking hell,” John groaned. “Hang on…” He fumbled in the nearest drawer and found an old wind up torch. Pulling the handle several times he was quick to turn
“What difference does it make? I’m a realist. He would have told me to stop moping and go get the milk. And the beans.” He ran a hand across his face, drawing colour to it instantly. A hysterical laugh bubbled to his lips and stopped suddenly almost frightened by the sound. He placed a finger to his lips fearful of repeating the foreign noise. Doctor Wright was studying him intently now and John suddenly felt hot under her gaze. He flushed with embarrassment and looked at the door suddenly eager to escape. “Well,” he said after a long pause. “My time’s up.” The psychiatrist frowned at him.
“Yeah?”
Sherlock’s eyes shone with mirth and he steadied John who nearly fell from his chair. The doctor was a picture, his hair stuck up on end and jam on the collar of his faded dressing gown. Pale sunlight came in through the kitchen window and seemed to make John’s smile glow even brighter. It was a moment Sherlock wanted to capture, to hide away somewhere in his mind palace. Moments like this always felt stolen, like Sherlock was on borrowed time. He had a photo album in his mind palace; a collection of memories stored safely, each one protected by a sheaf of greaseproof paper. Much like the ancient fairy tale tomes with picture plates, the paper would obscure the image until it was peeled back to reveal vivid colours. Some of his favourites were just like this, the two of them mucking around in the kitchen, bickering over dirty plates or fingers in the breadbin. Others were post case highs, adrenaline fuelled laughter that nearly always ended in a game of cluedo or more memorably, that drunken game of cards, where John thought it would be a good idea to teach Sherlock poker.
Sherlock took another bite and flexed his fingers. “Seven when I move them. Otherwise it’s a steady five.” John winced in sympathy.
“Thank you,” he said softly as John set the plate down in front of him. The sandwich was much easier to lift with his awkward hands and his mouth was watering even before he took a bite. “S’perfect,” he mumbled around a mouthful.
John waited, rather impatiently in the aptly named waiting room at Greg's therapist's office, his leg bouncing with a mind of its own, bored out of his mind as he got a taste of the boredom Sherlock must feel daily. Just for something to do, he re-watches the video of Captain Watson scolding, or rather, lecturing Sally Donovan, fascinated by how in charge he feels, a grin breaking out as he hears the echoes of Mycroft's chuckle when he showed the footage. His head shot up when footsteps sounded softly on the carpet, and he offered a small smile to Greg, who hunched his way into the room, looking much smaller than he usually did, in a hoodie 3 times too big for him and sweatpants, his face showing just how shattered he was as he shuffled his way over to John, who actually felt taller than him for once. John didn't even have a chance to offer a greeting when Greg leaned into his chest, shoulders shaking from pent-up emotion, and as he hugged him, John realised just how much this case had shaken the inspector, and they stood in silence for a few minutes, the shorter man simply offering comfort.
Greg woke to the sound of a scream. Well, woke isn't the right word, that would imply he had fallen asleep, he hadn't. He couldn't. He refused. Too scared of what sleep may bring him, but he had found himself dozing, not quite asleep, and not quite awake, which is what alerted him to the scream. Still, it took him a while to orientate himself, and realise where he was. It took another pain filled, terrified, no, terrified doesn't cover it, petrifying scream to snap him into action and bolt down the stairs from John's room to Sherlocks and burst through the door, which he could neither confirm nor deny was now smashed off his hinges.
"Very well, I shall do that, now, lets visit my brother."
"John?"
Meanwhile, the two brothers sit opposite each other in silence, each looking over them, finally Sherlock pulled out his bottle of whiskey and two glasses while Mycroft at the same time pulled out a packet of cigarettes, offering one to Sherlock, who noticed the amount in the packet and the brand, which wasn't his brothers usual brand, the got lit and the two inhaled deeply. As he exhaled, Mycroft looked around the room, eyes focusing on the file and violin, before taking another look over his younger brother, keeping a guarded mask up. Before either of them could start speaking, John walked in, carrying a tray with two cups, a kettle full of tea, a sugar bowl and milk, as well as a couple of slices of cake on a plate, he set it down on the table between the two, sighing and holding the ash tray under both of their cigarettes just before ash fell onto the table, and placing it down.
John had settled down while Greg had been thinking, and was busy wiping his face, muttering apologies to Greg and Molly for his behaviour.
"You're on. He won't do that, he knows that you're my best mate, Sherlock doesn't count, he's a pain in my ass sometimes, no offence."
Instead of answering, Mycroft simply sighed and finished a slice of cake, and immediately grabbed another, ignoring the raised eyebrow from his brother, returning one of his own when Sherlock put down half of the cake and drew his knees up to his chest, grabbing the files and flicking through them again, finally looking at the crime scene photos Lestrade sent him. A small frown creased his brow, and he took the offered lit cigarette as he inspected it, something didn't feel right to him, but he wasn't sure what it was. Something clicked and he muttered something about needing to see the body, putting on his coat and scarf and leapt down the stairs, bounding into his brothers car, calling up to the flat, "Come on Mycroft!" The smallest of smiles ordained Mycroft's face as with practiced manners he pulled on his own coat and grabbed his umbrella, getting in the care and telling his driver to take them to St Barts hospital.
"Okay, would you like me to read to you later?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John took the lead, spinning a lie of him being his half brother, unaware of Anthea pulling Sherlock to the side. Alone, John entered the room, stopping at the sight of Greg, lying in bed, a fresh bandage wrapped around his arm, and a blood transfusion happening in the other. Colour slowly returning to his face, John turned to the doctor as he started to explain that it was very lucky Mycroft found Gregory when he did, and even luckier the ambulance got there so fast, any longer and it was likely he wouldn't be here. He also explained because the nature of the wound was self inflicted, they were going to hold him on a 72 hour psychiatric hold when he woke up, as they still believed him to be a danger to himself. With a nod of understanding, the doctor left, and John sat beside the bed, hand only resting on Gregs unbandaged arm, sighing.
"Sherlock, do shut up. I simply felt the desire to do such a thing and thought I would bring you one. Though I did have a suspicion you knew her, your behaviour has confirmed it for me. Are you any closer to discovering her killer?"
"Sherlock... Fine, the arms seem to be the initial cuts, which is rapidly becoming his signature. After that, it appears is when she bit his nose off, as that's when the rest of these appeared, Molly has confirmed her, vagina was indeed next, before he moved onto the torso. This time it is inconclusive whether rape occurred," John paused, as out of the corner of his eye, he caught Lestrade flinch hard, taking a breath a continuing with his Doctor Watson mask. "From the torso it is hard to tell where he started first, but its clear it was less thought through, done with a lot of rage and aggression not seen in his other victims, each other one was clearly thought out. Dani ruined whatever plan he had by first off, alerting her friends to the thought of being followed, secondly by checking into St Christopher, which of course caused the quick deaths of all those also checked in, and thirdly, by attacking back, biting his nose clear off. He'll likely strike again soon, since his initial plan was disrupted. Considering how organised he seems to be, he won't yet go for the three he targeted, Sally, Mark and Don, going by how he has been so far, he'll likely wait till Dani isn't as fresh before slowly picking them off. Tox screens and stomach contents indicate she had been drinking all night, likely purchased when she discovered she was being followed.
He looked around the room, satisfied for the looks of discomfort, and the looks of longing. He could tell from a look which of them were longer into their recovery, and from that, he started scoping out his next victim. With a nod of apology, he remained silent, listening to everyone elses stories.
A groan answered him, as well as a loosening off his grip, it was a start at least. Gently as he was able, he starting untangling Greg, frowning at the long sleeve before rolling it down, resting he head in his arm at the sight of the bandage. He lifted him and carried the sleeping DI to bed, curling around him so he felt safe, resolving to get the case solved fast.
A single text alert rang across the otherwise silent room. An answering groan came after it, along with a sniff at an attempt to clear a heavily congested nose, shortly after a tuft of scruffy hair as Sherlock poked his head out from his cocoon, blearily staring at his phone on top of his dresser. He untangled his legs and stood, grabbing his phone and sitting back down heavily on his bed, groaning as a wave of dizziness hit him, once it passed he unlocked his phone and opened the new message from his brother. It was a video link, he opened it and hit play, the sound of his Captain Watson echoed throughout the room, putting a smile on his face and helping him feel better, pride swelled in his chest at the sight of him, sending a shiver not relating to his fever echoing down his spine. He didn't bother with a response back, there was no need, instead he shed his sheet completely and focused on standing, leaning heavily against the wall and letting out a second groan,
"Right, lead me to the victim then."
"I'm going to have words with your Mycroft about following us with his cars. Its not necessary."
He followed her into the car, only half surprised to see Sherlock in the car, automatically assuming that Rosie was now with Mrs Hudson. The ride to the hospital was tense and silent, more so as Anthea's constant typing became more frantic, she excused herself to the front part with the driver and made a phone call, leaving Sherlock and John sitting next to each other. Of its own accord, John's leg started bouncing, and Sherlock settled his hand on it, softly rubbing.
At 221b Baker Street, John yelled at Sherlock for once again leaving him behind at a crime scene without warning, without waiting for him, until he yawned too many times, and went up to his own room, warning the detective to sleep in his own bed tonight, greatful that Mrs Hudson was looking after Rosie.
"Hello Molly! I'm here to see Ashley Ryader thank you!"
He sighed, hand on the door, he was so close from just, leaving. "Yes Molly?"
Greg jumped a foot into the air when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
Lestrade nodded with a sigh, running his hands through his ever graying hair, he looked like he had aged 20 years since they entered, ready to close the case, until Sherlock jumped in.
It was late when Mycroft got home. Very late. He knew something was wrong as soon as he entered the house, as he entered the kitchen he noticed the smell of hours old vomit in the sink, as well as the empty bottle of whiskey, he felt his heart sink, he knew he had one, it swelled with love when he saw Greg. A rustle made him cautiously approach the living room, where he spotted the pale face of his partner, the smell of nicotine hung around him, as well as alcohol, and, did he detect blood? He tried removing the blanket to get a closer look but he got a groan in response as well as a flinch, understanding it much have been the case, he with a few keystrokes looked into the newer information, understanding washing over him as he read what had been found in Ashley. He resisted the urge to eat the second cake he had made, instead working on trying to wake up his boyfriend, to see what the damage may be, he knew fully what his habits were.
"I want a verbal answer, and that is an order Sergeant."
Once he was done, he hid the notebook in a hiding spot that hadn't yet been found in drug raids, and dressed the wound, lying in bed as thoughts of the crime scene floated in his head. Playing his violin until he fell asleep.
"Greg. Greg, could you just let me see, please?"
With effort he made it down to the bathroom, shivering as the fever alternated between sending waves of heat and chills across his body, by the time he'd shut the bathroom door he'd worked up a whole new layer of sweat. He started filling the bathtub with cool water, and while he waited, he took his temperature, automatically writing it down on the notebook he kept in the bathroom, peeling off his boxers, grabbing a fresh flannel and sliding into the now full bathtub, turning off the tap and sighing at the coolness. Removing the bandage he slid the healing scabs into the water and gently washed them off, smiling in satisfaction as no bleeding occurred. Wetting the flannel he places it on his face, letting out a sigh of relief as he soaks in the water.
Greg sat on the couch while he waited, before getting back up and cleaning some of the mess, needing to do something, only looking up when John wandered back in with a strange look on his face, a mix of worry, suppressed rage and confusion.
"No it can't, Glenn called us on a case."
"Why the ever loving
With a final glance, he dictated his findings to an available officer, removed the outer wear, and left the scene, heading to Baker Street to inform John on the updated case. Hoping he was in a better mood after some sleep.
An eyebrow raised while he waited for John to continue, five minutes passed before he realised the doctor needed prompting.
Well of course they were still begging for help, just a lot more desperately, after all, no matter what people say they don't really want to die, we all deep down want someone to save us.
He drained his glass and refilled it, rearranging his mask upon his face, and looking at his silent lover, freezing as it shatters at the sight of a hyperventilating Greg, struggling desperately to light a cigarette. It didn't take long for Mycroft to snap into battle stations, first off lighting the cigarette for him and placing it in his mouth, being careful not to touch him much, before quickly grabbing his safety blanket and soft toy, wrapping the blanket around Greg and handing him the toy, finally lining up his cocktail of medications, watching his eyes dart about and move as if watching a scene only he could see.
John fought hard to blink back tears.
...the heat, the push-pull, the feeling of another entity inside of his own body. The look on John's face, the redness and heat in his cheeks, the sweat coating his greying blond hair, the breath on Sherlock's face and the hands on his hips as he was held in place, forced to surrender...
There was, buried deep within the confines of 221b, an old, fragile box with a rusty hinge. As a boy, Sherlock had tried his hand at carving various flora into the soft wooden exterior, mostly ferns and ivy. He spent hours trying to get each leaf and tendril just right, studying their forms in his mother's garden. There was a fairly good rendition of a daffodil in one corner of the lid that Sherlock had always been especially proud of. Over time, dust had crept up and settled into the nooks and crannies of his childhood art, creating a fine fuzzy coating that couldn't be blown or wiped away no matter how hard he tried.
"You would be quite disappointed, I think.  But," he conceded, "perhaps I'd have been much different if I had met you as a child."
Sherlock was standing in the reception hall when he saw John walk up and salute another man.
weak.  In his failure to calculate all possible outcomes he failed protect John, and no matter how hard he tries, it will probably happen again.  And the next time, there may not be a body for him to bathe afterwards.  Sherlock is cowardly.  This is why he can barely speak: he's too busy
"Um. Hi." John's voice was soft, but it managed to cut through Sherlock's thoughts all the same. He looked up and smiled.
Although I do believe for men it's known as a 'pilot' for some reason."
John considered for a moment.  "I... probably not," he admitted.
John's face radiated anger, but Sherlock found redemption there. It didn't matter, the expression on his face. It simply meant that Sherlock had circled enough. He'd gotten John's attention. He uncoiled himself, relaxing onto his back.
"Do you need more painkillers?  You're able to take a pill right about now."
was wondering... if there's any way you could... you know," John tried to motion with his hands to illustrate his point. "Play. At the reception."
"The case you got shot on."
Sherlock snorted.  "Nonsense.  Did you know that a naked body retains more heat under an insulating layer such as a duvet than does a clothed one?  I've done my part," he argued, motioning toward himself.  "Now you do yours.  Go build a fire, I'm coming out for a sit."
"You know I usually sleep nude," Sherlock sniffed.  "Should be quite easy to check bandages that way."  He watched as John began to make up the bed.
Of course, Sherlock was a meticulous planner, analyzing every possible outcome from every possible angle until he arrived at the complete, watertight answer. However his drug usage put a damper on that; it had been so long since he'd used that he'd forgotten how it gets, and as a result he hadn't thought his plans through completely; there was something about making John jealous with a lady friend, and using drugs so John would want to take care of him, and then Magnussen had popped up to add another layer, and then the Girlfriend Plan had gotten mashed together with the Drug Plan and then it all went to hell in a hand basket, with Janine left to spend the night in his room.
"Good."
"Sherlock," he starts, reaching out to grab at his hands.  "It's alright, I'm fine.  I am going to be just fine, and everything will be okay."  It sounds trite, even to John's ears, but it's the simple truth.
John pointed to an old world glass bulb.  "This?"
"Waxing??" Sherlock said irascibly, throwing his hands up the way he did when John didn't follow him on something he thought should be obvious.  "You know, manscaping? Brazillians, that sort of thing?"
"Mmm-hmm."
"Sorry Sherlock, we just ran out of time."
Sherlock couldn't find a dance partner; he looked around frantically for someone to notice him but no one cared to. He felt completely at sea. John was dancing cheek-to-cheek with someone who was decidedly not Sherlock Holmes.
The question startled John enough that he literally stopped mid-bite and pulled his teeth back out of his toast, leaving behind tiny buttery divots.  Slowly he turned his head to face Sherlock.
"No but I mean haven't you had...
She had been about to administer a near fatal shock to his heart when John Watson had gained her attention, the patch from where she'd gotten skin to graft over his hole so she could slice along his spine, staring down at the screens in the floor, his knees almost buckled as he remembered the sound of the saw she was about to use to gain access to his brain. He finished in the shower and darted out, putting on a pair of Gregory's sweatpants and hoodies, inhaling the scent, and going back out to the kitchen, uncovering the cakes.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
He lays there for several minutes, feeling the water slowly heat up as it leeches out his fever, before a sudden harsh wave of nausea hits him, and he bolts upright, clutching his suddenly aching head, as he leans over the side of the tub and brings up the soup Mrs Hudson had been nice enough to feed to him, groaning as he also sees his half digested medication. Slowly lying back down, he closed his eyes for a second, rubbing at where he can feel congestion settling in his lungs, before hoarsely calling out, "Mrs Hudson!"
"No, I have no one, no one cares about me."
Sherlock shook his head, reading over the file, inwardly smirking when he saw that all of Mycroft's intelligence never picked up the time he had spent with Ashley during his stint on the streets. He drank his tea, ignoring his phone when it went off, setting the files across his desk, he brought up last nights crime scene and grabbed his violin, playing as he thought it over, unaware of John watching the detective with amusement, his phone went off again, but he was too deep in thought to notice. The only thing that stopped him was when he smelt something, and he and John ended up speaking at the same time.
"No, of course not John, don't be ridiculous."
"Mycroft. I see you have gone back to baking, who would have thought this case would affect you so? Is it because you knew she was close to me? Or something else?"
Eventually it was time for him to move on. Clinging to the book like it was a lifeline, and hunching up to get into character, he walked to the meeting. He knew by now. People don't care. They see, but they don't truly
"John, if you will, please?"
Greg nods, and they stand and walk to 221b Baker Street together.
"Greg my dear, I couldn't go back to sleep when you left, so I took a look at the case you are currently on, and feel it is my duty to tell the two of you to keep an eye on my brother more so than usual. The nature of this case could strike close to him."
look. He bit his lip in thought, before re-entering the room, making his presence known loudly to the distressed man, he tapped his hand on Johns shoulder, and smiled when he turned around and attached himself to Greg instead. Molly mouthed a silent 'thank you' at him, he nodded and guided the man to a more isolated part, the two of them sitting on the floor, at that point, John clung to Greg, sobbing more, surprising the older man.
"Doctor Watson, and what do I owe this, unexpected, pleasure?"
"John?"
"No problem. I'll just finish this and we'll go."
"I apologise for my actions. I see dear brother you went to the latest crime scene? What was different this time? Oh, a lead? Did you find a lead?"
The two paused, Mycroft to pour the tea and dish out sugar, Sherlock to take a bite of the cake, smiling at the taste in spite of him not usually eating as it slows down his thinking. After another bite he continued.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Yes Myc. Thank you for your consideration, and for your tender care, I'm sorry for putting you through this. I love you my little Olaf." Greg summoned up a cheeky grin, glad he had forced the elder Holmes to watch Frozen with him, he had giggled, feeling the snowman related to his boyfriend.
John broke off mid sentence, screaming in agony.
Once he reached the bathroom he locked the door, removing a loose tile he pulled out a little 'ptsd kit' that he was proud of for hiding from Mycroft for this reason. He pulled out his emergency cigarettes, as well as a lighter, a sharp blade, gauze and medical tape. It took a few minutes to light the cigarette, but once he had it only took a few drags on it to get down to the filter, he lit a new one and puffed on it, as he rolled up his sleeves and tossed his pants to the side, sitting on the floor, he grabbed the blade and took a huge breath, trying to convince himself he didn't need it. All attempts vanished as another memory slammed into him, and he lost any control he had over his body as it washed over him.
he bunched his hoodie up in his hands as his chest felt tighter and the panic rose in torrential waves. He was aware he was hyperventilating now, and he looked at what he realised was John's face, who looked guilty rather than angry, and through a buzz he could vaguely hear what he was saying.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Is that..."
"Oh John, I thought I heard you. Sherlock was taken to hospital, in an ambulance, I saw his brother carry him onto the stretcher..."
John cleaned up the mess of the cake and cups left over from the discussion the brothers had, looking at Sherlock who was currently thinking lying down on the couch, fingers steepled in his thinking pose. He helped himself to a slice of cake and placed a glass of water next to his detective, he found the cake a little too sweet, but otherwise surprisingly good, hours passed and he fell asleep in his chair while waiting.
"...lock? Sherlock?"
"... You're joking, right? He's joking?" He turned to Mycroft for a brief second, rolling his eyes as he opened his mouth, "forget it, it was a rhetorical question, I know he's not joking, unfortunately. Mate, you are what happened. You, and me, shut up Myc, I know that ain't proper grammar, this case, and nightmares from Sherrinford. The idiot has been worrying himself for months over Sherrinford, knowing he can't talk to his boyfriend because the moronic genius locked the memory away, again, so he instead keeps up with his boyfriends sleep pattern, whatever that may be to get rid of his nightmares. He takes care of you instead, and makes sure all of us are happy and fine, because he can't look after himself, and then this case happens, and I happen, so he gets more worried, you get sick visiting me, he doesn't notice you getting worse, so he gets hysterical, has a go at Myc about it, hating himself for it, triggering himself into a flashback, which later triggers himself into nightmares last night because he hasn't been sleeping because he's worried about YOU!!"
He listened as the leader said they had a few new faces, and would they like to share, staring right him, and he bowed his head, nodding, clearing his throat and shifting nervously.
"Mycroft... I am ... sorry for that. And for Gav- Gregory's hospitalisation..."
"Write your note. Make it short."
"I'm fine, I simply thought I'd try something different, given the circumstances."
Greg merely chuckled, and finished off his own coffee and pastry, tossing the rubbish into the bin before curling up on the bench and cuddling into John again, putting his hood up and sighing as he inhaled John's calming scent.
As he spoke, he dipped the cloth into the lukewarm water and gently cleaned off the blood off his brother, taking care to clean off every spot, moving the bowl of now red water to the sink, and tipping it out, helping him put the gown back on and buttoning it up for him, smiling when he saw it was designed to look like a suit. Hanging the umbrella close to them both, he took a seat beside his brother and held his hand.
With a small nod, John got as close as he could examining the body as close as he could, without touching the blood, standing once he was finished.
"Put me on speaker."
A sharp look answered him, and he shrank down. Together they arrived at A&E and left the car, which parked in a spot reserved for the most esteemed guests. They sat in the waiting room while Anthea got them the necessary room number, just in time for, "Family of Gregory Lestrade?"
"I'll take you up on your offer. Thank you."
"The killers nose? Yes. She bit it off. Have you done Autopsies before John?"
"Ask me yourself, or deduce yourself." Yawned Greg, walking down the stairs, raising an eyebrow when he saw the patches on John's arm, turning his gaze questioningly to Mycroft, who simply sent a 'I'll explain later.'
of the box of tissues being hurled at the door, followed by a, "I don't sulk!" in an extremely pouty voice.
The nurses gave them looks as they walked to Sherlock's room, but otherwise paid them no mind. Gregory opened the door, just in time to see Sherlock trying to pull his IV out and remove his oxygen, freezing when the door opened. His eyes went first to Greg, reading and deducing him easy as anything, a small frown adorning his face as he finished, before glancing over to Mycroft, doing a double take when he noticed John, half getting out of bed to go to him before a coughing fit over took him, causing him to collapse into Gregs open arms, and getting helped back into bed, being moved over to make room for John, who Sherlock watched get laid down.
"John! John! I need to speak out loud and throw ideas at and frankly Mrs Hudson doesn't help at all."
"Sicker how?"
With some grumbling, John did so. "Speak Mycroft."
Mycroft finished flipping the pancakes and plating them, slathering them in syrup, something he hadn't done since The Fall. Silence sat heavily between them as they ate, Mycroft devouring his in a way that made him hungry for more as he complied, getting up and making a new batch, focused on making each individual one perfectly round. Gregory watched with wide silent eyes, seeming to shrink in on himself, waiting for the axe that hung above his head to drop, flinching when Mycroft slid a small plateful over to him, on the top one, written in syrup already running, read one word. '
With a fire burning in his eyes, John got up and stormed down the stairs, Greg quickly stood and followed after him, getting in the car first, and flinching when John slammed the door, telling Mycroft's driver in a clipped tone to drive to the hospital. Greg slid to the furthermost from John, hunching in on himself, breathing shallowly as he fights the flashbacks,
suggest that I am too incompetent for such a thing. Am I understood?"
There was a moments hesitation, the nurse Sherlock address scarpered out, the rest remained, curiosity getting the better of them. Until Sherlock whirled around, gathering information and putting on his deduction face, drawing breath to speak, and they all rapidly bolted, nearly running over the one who returned and left with a curtsy. Sherlock smirked after them all and with a bow of his head, shut the door.
John stood panting from his outburst, turning away from the shaken man, running his hand through his hair, turning and punching the concrete wall next to Mycroft as his mess of thoughts lingered to the Sherrinford events once again, noticing the flinch beside him, as he does it again and again and he can feel pulling tingles. His final punch changed his surroundings, and he whipped around with terrifying speed, he rapidly paled as he recognised where he was, he saw the bed Eurus had him on, and then he was in it, strapped in, and looking up at three separate screens on the ceiling. On one was Sherlock, desperately following clues to find both him and Mycroft, on the second was Mycroft, in a similar position to John, and the third had John himself. John watched in horror, as Eurus put a jar with rats on her brothers stomach and heated the bottom of it, flicking a button and a camera on one of the rats blinked on, it filling half the screen, she left the room where her brothers panicked words followed her, entering instead Johns room.
Mycroft took his time working in his office, taking his stress out in his work, and finding it very satisfying. When he found himself needing a break, he did something he knew would calm him, he went to his bedroom and started making the bed, just in time for another text to come through to Greg's phone, curious, he flipped it over and looked at the notifications on the lock screen.
"He wants to look after you too, he never said it, but, I know he does. You're family."
The rest in the bag was mundane, books she was reading, and snack rubbish. Ignoring the other bodies, which was clearly collateral, donning a protective overall, just in case, he peered into the pod, reeling back and gagging at the sight and smell of all the blood. Ordinarily he prided himself on an iron stomach, but this was different, he accepted a mask and peered back in, he focused on her face first, and noticed something, off about her mouth, he held his hand out and asked for a pair of tweezers, using them to pull something out of her mouth. Pulling it out and coming out to look at it in the light, he smiled, finally, a worthy lead.
"Sherlock? Did you know her?"
With his own nod, John started taking deep exaggerated breathing, using his hand to show more. His other hand imitating the breathing, with some effort and concentration, and much much hyperventilating, Greg was able to follow along, and he was able to calm, as he did he noticed Johns firm grasp on his wrist to check his pulse, he also realised they'd been at the hospital for sometime. The driver, noticing the hyperventilating was over, handed a handkerchief back, and John accepted it, wiping the tears off his face, before hugging him, the two sitting like that for a while, before Gregory nodded and pulled back, opening the door and sliding out, bracing himself against the car as a wave of dizziness slid over him, and if John noticed him leaning on him he said nothing.
John nodded, and led him back upstairs into his bed. "Right, then I'll watch you, wake you if you appear to be in distress."
He took a photo on the phone he found of the sickly pile of sheets and bones, and shut the door, just in time to hear a
"He's too stubborn, he'd rather look after you, and Sherlock, than himself..."
She stumbled to her call, fingers flying over her keys, sending a message to the unknown higher up in charge of the case.
He looked down at the not-quite-a-toddler-yet-not-a-baby with a confused frown, flinching back as she giggled and reached out for his nose, it was then that he noticed the baby monitor behind her and saw the flashing light indicating it was on, and uncharacteristically cursed himself, knowing John was going to kill him when he got back. But at least for now he was off the hook, he grabbed his phone and sent out a flurry of texts to various people.
to get ready."
Mycroft inwardly smiled at the reaction of his and his brothers name, and with a few base tests, he carried Sherlock down to the waiting stretcher, just in time for another coughing fit to occur, and a wheeze was heard when it was over, a frown adorned his face as he watched them slide a oxygen mask over his face, and he was given an iv with saline to start. Before he could enter the ambulance with them, Anthea stopped him and handed over one of his anxiety medications with a bottle of water and a frown that said he wouldn't get out of it, with a resigned sigh, he took it, and rode to the hospital, leaving Anthea and the car behind.
They arrived at the Hospital, and Gregory was immediately rushed to a bed in resus. It took a great deal of effort for Mycroft to stand and follow them, ignoring the darkness creeping into his vision, still too shocked to breathe. He stood on the top step of the Ambulance, and swayed, once, twice, and on the third sway fell onto the cruel concrete below, giving into the darkness and thankfully passing out.
She got directed to the room and entered the pod she had been directed to. Putting the pillow at the far end, she closed the curtain, put her phone on charge, and put in some ear buds, listening to music as she read. It took half an hour for her to calm down enough to focus and read the first page, let alone chapter. Barely 3 chapters in and the room burst into life, the sounds of chattering voices over lapped her music and with a growl she turned it up louder, jumping half out of her skin when someone opened her blind, and glaring at them until they shut it with an apologetic wave. To steady her now shot nerves, she pulled out a small bottle of vodka and took a swig, chasing it down with another one, and another, until it was half empty. Then she added Orange Juice to it and took sips as she read, snacking on some chocolate and pringles she had also bought.
Oh yes there certainly are plenty of those, starting with the different types of psychiatric medications, so, they were both fighting different disorders, note I used the word disorder, not illness, yes, either word is correct technically speaking, however judging by the length of how long each prescription is, and the general chaos, suggests it is indeed a disorder. Something you of course would know all about John. There is also of course the fact our first victim did not leave a note however the second one, though it was in blood, seems an odd way to leave a note, the posing suggests that it was the victim who did indeed write it, however i would like to get an exact Time of Death from Molly, as well as a rough estimate how long that blood had been up there. We also have the methods, self harm is of course the common denominator, however both had an additional. Victim one over dosed, which is of course statistically common with woman, while victim two used a gun, counter productive really, seeing as he was already bleeding out,
"Look, I wouldn't even let you near the scene if it weren't on orders from higher up. So suck it up, and tell the damn
Sherlock looked up suddenly, jolting back to the present as he hears a soft coo coming from Rosie's playpen, and in a daze he stumbled over to it, reading a note that John had left pinned to it: '
Dani's night had been normal enough. She had gone to her group therapy, her prescription had been renewed, all her scars were just that, scars. For once, in a long time, she felt happy. So why did she get a sense of foreboding? The feeling of being followed crawled over her skin, burrowing deep, she turned at every slight sound, every sudden movement. After jumping for the 50th time, she made a decision. She texted some friends from the group that she didn't feel safe, and to check in on her in the morning, then she went to buy several books, a charger and a change of clothes, and caught a cab to St Christophers Inn, where she checked in to a pod.
"No Sherlock, you just keep playing my game."
Slowly he came out of it, hyperventilating on the bathroom floor, lying on his back in a pool of blood. Weakly he sat up, and mechanically started cleaning up, mopping the blood off the floor, taking a bath to wash the blood off him and out of the clothes, bandaging his arms, putting away the supplies. He walked sluggishly to the bedroom, sliding on a long sleeve top and a pair of sweatpants, with wide eyes, he grabbed his soft toy and staggered out to the living room, feeling his mental age regress, yet too tired to stop the child like actions coming out, grabbing Mycrofts blanket off his chair, inhaling the scent as he passed out on the sofa, curled under the blanket, and cuddling the toy.
"Where'd you disappear to? We need to get you back to bed, before the nurses notice and get huffy. Just, behave, alright?"
Breakfast, or the pathetic attempt at it, was cleared up not long after, leftovers put in the fridge for later. Gregory was set up in the Library, which had a tv wheeled into it, with a pile of dvds, and a pile of boos that Mycroft put beside Gregs favourite chair, he tucked him in with his comfort blanket and a jug of juice on the table next to him, kissing his forehead softly and gently caressing his cheek, as if afraid he may shatter, frown turning to concern as he glanced towards where the bandage was hidden.
"Hi, Will was it? I'm Aria, not sure if you remember? I've been coming to this group for a few years now, and I like to help newbies like you, I couldn't help but notice earlier, you're bandages are bleeding through, is it okay if I just, help replace them? maybe clean and look at the cuts?"
"I'm fine Molly, you know how it is looking after Sherlock, and this new case isn't exactly easy, you don't need to worry."
Sorry it got a little heavy there, it shouldnt get worse than that
Anthea showed Mycroft the list of Sherlock's temperature and symptoms throughout the days and he briefly bit his lip, before remembering he was Mycroft Holmes, and he doesn't worry, much, unless it was his brother, his younger brother, who was currently coughing on his lap, and had almost drowned in the bath if he hadn't gotten there in time. His brother, whose temperature was starting to reach needing doctor levels, and, was apparently falling back to some old habits... who was only sick because Mycroft couldn't even keep a proper eye on his partner, his baby brother, who couldn't keep down soup, or medicine, his younger brother who looked after him last week.
"So, what happened last night? With him?"
Everyone looked to the condom wrapper in Sherlock's hands, before he dropped it into a new evidence bag. Attention was drawn back to the body, the same thought on everyone's mind.
She opened her mouth once more, for what reason was anyone's guess, regardless, John didn't give her the chance to get a syllable out, to the joy of the few officers watching, and John's Driver who was discretely filming the entire thing, under order of one Mycroft Holmes, who had used his power to get eyes within the station.
"Yes, he had a nightmare, I can tell that's where you're heading. He woke me with anguished screams, begging someone to stop, he called your name, and Sherlock's, and begged Mary to stop too. I tried waking him not long after, he fought, then came to, he denied remembering the nightmare, and then offered to stay up, I was too tired to try argue."
"Fresh, yes I know, I know. Because you are a genius who gets bored." Kissing him on the forehead. "And you dont eat on a case because it 'slows you down' despite how many times I have tried convincing you that it is not possible. But you don't let your body rest when you are sick, and you know you need to, I know you do, because you are smart. So, shut up, lie down, and rest. And for heavens sakes don't sulk, I'll check on you when I return."
"It means use that empty space you call a head for once."
"Vomit on bathroom floor, with water. And a blood clot in the toilet with evidence of a bleeding nose as well..."
"He left about 5 minutes ago, he tried speaking to you but you seemed too deep in thought. Are you okay? I've never seen you be so, gentle with a corpse before."
When she finished the first book, she stretched and checked the time, surprised that it was only 8.30pm, before realising that her room was once again quiet, peeking her head out, she saw all but 2 or three had left the room, she smiled in relief, seeing the also shut curtains, feeling the call of nature, she left and relieved herself, quickly returning to her pod, stumbling slightly as she finally feels the effects of her Vodka. Getting back, she checked the replies.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Greg. Gregory. Mate. Lestrade. Can you hear me?"
Before he could continue, the leader spoke up, "I'm sorry Will, i should have said, we don't go into graphic detail in here, we're all recovering in some way, and detail could cause relapses."
Ignoring the frown he got, he made his way to his car on auto pilot. Driving back to the house he shared with Mycroft, more accurately, Mycroft bought for them. He knew he'd be alone for several hours, as Myc had back to back meetings all day, which he would cancel in a second if Gregory requested it, but he needed time alone.
"Okay, so both have been presented as suicides. Both have a history of mental illness in at least one form, that much is clear by the amount of psychiatric medications both took. They also both used Self harm as a coping mechanism, yet however scars tell us that they were not suicidal.
and if they did, they don't interfere. It disgusted him. Society's reaction, or lack thereof sickened him. So, he took matters into his own hands.
A sick feeling rolled through him, halted only by his thick iceman mask. He gave it to Anderson with strict instructions to give it to him after it had been catalogued, and he made a mental note to freshen up his handwriting analysis.
When Sherlock dove back to the present with more ideas on the killer, he smiled at the sight of John, carrying him up to his own bed, he gulped the water down and got more, grimacing at the sight of the cake, reminding himself to teasingly probe Mycroft later. He heard a cry of fear travel down from Johns room and deduced he was having a nightmare, so he grabbed his violin and played a calming tune, knowing it would carry up to him, when he settled Sherlock returned to his latest experiment, going to his own room for privacy, he pulled out the notebook, the blade and first aid kit.
"Okay. My office is not far from here, if you need me simply call out. I am tempted to call Doctor Watson to look after your, wounds, as well. However, I know you would object considerably. So instead I will change your bandage when lunchtime comes around, you just sit, and relax my dear, do not worry about work or your cases, our best man is on it after all."
When he got home he staggered up the stairs, a flood of sensations and memories overwhelming him, his shaky hand forced the key into the lock and unlocked it, entering and slamming the door shut, collapsing against it as he remembered being torn apart by a monstrous object, feeling the rocking sensation, in a sense of panic checking his pants as he feels liquid on the back of his pants, shaking terribly when he sees his hand dry, yet convinced there is blood. With immense effort he stands, and staggers to the kitchen, staring at the medicine cabinet where they keep his various medications, making it to the sink just in time to vomit at the overwhelming urge to take them all at once, he grabbed the bottle of whiskey still out and swished it around his mouth, spitting it out, before in quick succession gulping down the last of the remains, grabbing a full bottle and stumbling to the bathroom.
Before Mycroft could reply John flinched in his sleep, crying out in pain, and clutching Sherlock tightly, whimpering, everyones eyes drawn to him, until with a final twitch he settled again into Sherlock's embrace. Mycroft took the opportunity to sit down and tell Sherlock, and by extension Greg, exactly everything he had found at the crime scene, Greg watching in amusement as the two brothers bounced ideas off each other, curling up and hugging his partners arm.
Sherlock breezed in, stopping when he saw Ashley's face, before recovering his composure. He stepped closer to the body, pulling the sheet down, and looking over the various scars that littered her body, without a thought he took the gloves Molly offered and pulled them on, unaware of her offering the same to Mycroft, as the two examined the body silently.
With an absent nod, Sherlock strode back out, quieter than ever, and getting into a cab without John by his side, or noticing. John walked over to what he noticed, and gestures Lestrade over to what he spotted, pointing silently to a singular mans foot print, mostly obstructed by her coat, hazardously discarded on the floor, closer investigation lead to a more sinister to what had occurred. Just when John was about to leave the scene, he got a call, glancing at the number and sighed, answering it.
Molly and Greg share a small nod, beaming as John agrees, and they head towards the cafe together.
and looking up the topic first off, noting down everything, including the chemicals released, before with a clean blade, made a small incision on his arm, grinning at the adrenaline that rushed through his veins, letting it bleed for a while while he wrote down his findings on it, even noting the size of the incision, and the length of time it bled.
"How many times do I have to tell you, it's John, and stop, reading me, deducing me, 'm fine. Why're you here?"
The music that had been helping John fall asleep had stopped, and over the fading echos of the final notes, he heard murmers, before he got gently shaken awake. Blinking awake, he focused blurry eyed on the figure of his best friend and room mate, Sherlock. He rubbed his eyes hard and focused on the clock behind him, groaning and closing his eyes again.
"Oh, of course, he would know."
"You are correct, I have been myself to investigate, I thought you and Greg needed the sleep, I'm telling you though, because the newest victim has bitten off the nose of her assailant, and also, because she was a friend of Sergeant Donovan. And he threatened her life, as well as a few others. In a few hours I'd like you to go to St Barts and help Ms Hooper examine the body. For now, how is Greg?"
"Uh, hi, I'm Will. I uh, actually had an accident that lead to coming to today..." He rolled up his sleeve, showing the bandages, inwardly smirking when he saw the previous cuts had bled through, his smirk intensifying as a few occupants shifted in their seats, some of them subconsciously rubbing or scratching their locations of choice. Satisfied he rolled it back down, "Uh, sorry. I just, need to stop, i know i do, but everything just gets so much, you know? Everything built up, and before I knew it, I had grabbed the blade and cut. The feel of the blade slicing through my skin, and the blood bleeding out, it just felt so good. I watched for a while, before the guilt sat in and I took care of it. It took a while, I kept just watching the blood, as if in a trance. It made me want to slice more, you know?"
Finally he sat beside him and kept an eye on him, replacing cigarettes as needed, taking each butt and stubbing it out in the ash tray, wincing as he missed one and watching as his boyfriend made a new mark on his arm. When he finally came out of it, he crumpled into Myc's waiting arms, allowing him to feed each pill to him with whiskey, before Myc carried him up to bed, waiting as the sleeping pill kicked in, before staying up to protect him from any nightmares.
"I'm fine, why do you ask?"
Sally woke with an uneasy feeling. The echoes of her nightmare dancing around her, she checked her phone and saw the time, yawning, about to fall asleep, before the unread message registered in her mind.
"Relax John. The inspector will pull through this, though, I do wonder if it is linked with this case? Maybe he's on the same sort of medications as them, do you think he'd let me ask him?"
John pinched one of Sherlock’s nipples and he threw back his head and keened. “John, I’m—I’m close,” he panted.
“No, it's fine, it's just...a lot.”
“John, I need to use my fingers now. Tell me if you’re uncomfortable or want to stop. I don’t want to hurt you.”
John looked down at himself. “Shower.” He stretched and popped his back. “I might need another massage.”
“Oh...I-I’m sorry, I didn’t...”
“Agreed. Put it down! You're trapped! You have nowhere left to run, so give up quietly!”
“That’s not normal, I’m aware. I intend to be armed when I meet this guy.”
Quick check with Lio in the hospital before the epilogue. Chapter title from "dystopia" off polaris by Tesseract.
She didn’t make it too far before she heard Sergei’s voice call her name. Lio turned toward him as he jogged up.
“John, don't think, just move.” He leaned down and kissed him, massaging his hands through the short hair, tugging a bit at it.
“Is that it? You came down here to pull the 'threatening older brother' schtick and that's all you got?” John said, voice raised.
Sherlock met John’s eyes. “I—Yes, I understand,” he said solemnly, as if he were taking a vow.
The trip was short but uncomfortable. John had the feeling that Mycroft knew something was up, but hadn't put it all together yet. When they arrived at Bart's, John made a point to look down and make his way quickly inside. Even with Sherlock right next to him, the vision of him falling from the roof still haunted him.
John and Mycroft sat in the living room while Sherlock finished getting dressed. John had just gotten off the phone with the hospital and confirmed that Lio was off sedation and awake, so he and Sherlock were going to head there. Mycroft asked to join them.
“This should be fine,” John said, sitting heavily at the table. He nibbled on a piece of toast.
Sherlock didn't care, and ignored the man as he waved goodbye, telling him to have fun. Sherlock went back to the safe-house and prepared his prize. He could get three, maybe four uses out of the vial he'd bought. That should last him to the Ukrainian border. He pulled 3ml into the needle and tied a tourniquet around his upper left arm. He could try to hide it, he thought, but what was the point. The new mark would get lost in the others and he didn't expect anyone would come to berate him for this latest indiscretion anyway.
She made her way down to the lobby, paranoid that Sergei was going to find that his phone had been tampered with and come after her before she could get the info to Sherlock. He never showed, and Lio breathed a sigh of relief as she hopped into the waiting cab.
Before she could respond, they all heard a jiggling at the main door of 221.
“Hmm. I’ve run into it before, working with Golov. Mostly western Russia. I haven’t seen it internationally yet.”
“No, let me finish or I'll never say it. We don't do this type of thing, I know. At first I thought it was because my therapist worked with a lot of army blokes and he understood, but that's not it. Even when we first met, you warned me about your violin playing and habit of going silent for days. I didn't warn you about the nightmares and panic attacks. But you...carried on, as if it didn't bother you.”
“I told you you’d regret that fourth round against the wall. How do you think my back feels after that? Not to mention my hips. Does this room have a hot tub?”
“Hey,” she said, her voice still raspy.
He placed a file on the table. “That is everything I have. I'm trusting you to release only necessary information.”
“Anything?” Sherlock asked.
John kept going, as if he didn't hear Sherlock. “So I thought about why. I think at first, I didn't want you to think less of me. It was bad enough you cured my psychosomatic limp that first night, but if you knew I was...broken...in other ways, you wouldn't want to bother.”
John squeezed her knee. “Nothing to be sorry about. It happens.”
“Kazakhstan. I had to crawl under a barbed wire fence to escape a military compound.”
“You’re not suggesting we
Sherlock's breath came in strange gurgles and he cleared his throat wetly, only to spit out a mouthful of blood. John wiped Sherlock's hair from his sweaty forehead and laid a palm on his cheek. “Hey. You can't do this. Sherlock Holmes, you can't leave me again.”
Sherlock turned pink. “Yes, when you did.”
“Done.” John knelt behind Sherlock, placed a tentative hand on the small of his back and said “Tell me if you're uncomfortable or in pain. If you need to stop, we will.” He inched forward until he was flush against Sherlock's arse, running his hands down Sherlock's chest and belly, taking care to avoid the healing incisions and stab wound. John focused for a few moments on rolling Sherlock's sensitive nipples while nuzzling his neck. He slid his hands down to the taller man's erection while kissing his way down his back.
“Exhausted. I'm gonna head to bed. Sorry about dinner.” Sherlock guided John to his bedroom instead of John’s. Grateful he didn’t have to ask since he didn’t feel like tackling the stairs to his own room at the moment, John let himself be led. Sherlock helped with the braces and made sure John was settled. John smiled faintly and said, “I feel like you're tucking me in. Next you'll be reading bedtime stories. Can I request Rumpelstiltskin?”
“She probably looked like a drunk, taking a nap. Anyone who passed by paid no attention.” John looked around. “This is crazy. There are so many people, it's right on top of Parliament and the Met, and no one saw anything.”
He held up his hands, “Oi, I don't care, mate, that's your business, but I am glad that someone was able to prove that Sherlock has a heart.” He grasped John's right shoulder. “I gotta go take care of our murderer. Keep me posted though, yeah?”
Lio turned back to them. “Why do you say that?”
John cocked his head. “I think it's only fair that I--” he looked down, taking in the wet spot at Sherlock's groin. “Did you--?
“John, you don't...regret--”
“Just to get all the uncomfortable conversation out of the way, Sherlock, I'm sorry, I should have asked or warned you before I...came...inside. I wasn't thinking.” John's face was on fire.
All of Sherlock's attention was immediately on him. “What is it—oh.”
“Thanks. It's...been a long time since I...had one that bad.”
John smiled and sat next to him, settling an arm around his shoulders. “Obviously. I fell in love with a madman.”
“Please Sherlock,” Molly was near tears.
For the most part. “Yes, good to see you too Donovan. There are storms moving in, so can we cut the childish name calling and get on with it?”
John had to run again, catching up to Sherlock heading down to the pier.
“No one else has to get hurt!”
Sherlock joined him and sat awkwardly for a few moments, “Thank you, for everything you did last night. I hope nothing I said or did hurt you.”
“Very good Ms Monroe. I'll be here, obviously, to make sure this doesn't go completely pear-shaped, and to clean up any messes that might occur.”
“Hold on Sherlock, I'm almost there. Just a little bit...”
Sherlock's face lit up, and John would savor that look for eternity. If he had to reassure the man that he was worth John's love daily for the rest of his life, John would do it just to see that expression.
“I’m sorry John, you’re right. I shouldn’t have yelled at you,” he said quietly at the floor.
“Here's Brian's,” she said. She shined a penlight behind his ear. Sherlock crouched. “I thought it was nothing at first, but then Moira, Stephen and James had it too.”
Dinner continued in that vein, with flirting and casual touches. They talked, mostly about John's shoulder. He'd probably need a full shoulder replacement within the next ten to fifteen years, but that was something that had been on the table since he'd been shot in Afghanistan. They spoke about cases and how to reintroduce Sherlock to the world, and decided to rely on Lestrade for the moment and slowly build up their online presence again through John's blog. Once they finished dinner, John suggested they walk through Regent's Park.
“I see him, he’s headed for Lio.” He had the Browning in his hands, just in case.
They arrived back at Baker Street just before dusk. Mrs Hudson had left them a shepherd's pie for dinner, which they ate in silence. Or rather, John ate, Sherlock pretended to eat. Sherlock left John to do the washing up and went to the living room where he perched on the couch like a gargoyle, knees to chest, arms wrapped tightly around himself.
Lio’s eyes widened. “Me. You...wanted me.”
“No canopy, but it is king-size. Pretty big for one person.”
There was another hard punch, a groan from John, and Sherlock yelling his name before she heard the impact of two bodies colliding and hitting the floor. Sergei was a panting mass in front of Lio, still focused on John and Sherlock for the moment. Lio let her old training take over, took advantage of his distraction and closed in behind him, reached around to grab his chin and jerked it as hard as she could up and to the right. She was half deaf, but she heard his neck snap. He dropped to the floor. Lio did the same. “Oh God,” she rasped.
Sherlock looked away. He certainly had worked hard last night. “No. None of the symbols matched.”
/*/*///*//*/*/*/
“Terrible,” Sherlock translated.
Sherlock brought his mouth to John’s, keeping one hand on himself to keep from thrusting in too fast. The other he ran through John’s hair.
Sherlock rode John hard, his cock slapping both their bellies on each bounce. Sherlock began to moan louder and longer, so John sat up, rotating his hips and covering Sherlock's mouth with his own. He took hold of the cock between their bodies and stroked vigorously, using his thumb against the head. The only warning he got was a higher pitched whine into his mouth before Sherlock began to come, covering both their chests. John wasn't too far behind, the contractions of Sherlock's orgasm forcing his own from him. John fell back, Sherlock on top of him.
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen in the immediate vicinity, but the kitchen had been cleaned up as promised. John headed to the bedroom, wary at how dimly lit it was. Sherlock was shirtless at the foot of the bed, tearing all the covers off it. The desk next to the bed held a wide array of Sherlock’s fancy lotions.
“All right Mycroft, I'll see what I can do. Do you have anything I can work with?”
Lio grimaced. “I’m not your Major anymore, you can call me Lio.”
“Sherlock,” John kept his voice steady, “Please. Talk to me. I meant it, y'know, to use me as a sounding board when you needed to.”
“Ohhh yes.”
Molly handed Sherlock the previously forgotten water, which he sipped gingerly.
Lio smiled and seemed genuinely amused. “Sure Sherlock. If that’s the case, then my first order then is for you two to go home and let me get some sleep before I have to come back to the madhouse that is Baker Street.” She punctuated the order with a yawn.
“Can you...help me up? My arse is asleep,” John said quietly.
“Apology accepted. Did you bring Reynolds' toxicology report with you?”
John asked the question that had been eating at him all morning. “Do you think Mycroft knows?”
Far too late for dinner as it turned out. Mycroft kept him all damned day, and he didn't make it home until nearly midnight. John was already in (his own) bed. Sherlock went to bed, and even though it had only been one night, he missed John's warmth. He frowned. This was going to be hard, harder than any case. It involved too many feelings, something neither of them were very good at, Sherlock especially. He thought he loved John, but he didn't understand how that could be possible. And what would John think about Sherlock’s feelings for him? He said he was open to exploring this, but Sherlock also didn't think it was possible for John to love someone like him. Sherlock didn’t even know what did people did when they were in love. Besides sex, since John made it clear he wasn't ready for that step yet and Sherlock didn't think he was either. Did they go on dates? Should he ask John to go out with him? He considered the cases they went on together similar to a date, but John pointed out once long ago that his idea of a date and Sherlock's idea of a date were very different. That ruled out Chinese circuses. Dinner was a relatively safe bet, and something they did often enough. But where? A slow grin spread over Sherlock's face. He knew exactly where to take John on a date. Gaining confidence in the plan forming in his head, he finally settled down to sleep.
Mycroft stood to leave. “I'll let Sherlock know I've reopened the investigation.”
John and Sherlock disentangled themselves from each other, Sherlock immediately texted Mycroft, and John checked Sergei. “He’s dead.” He turned his attention to Lio and touched her shoulder gently. She flinched hard. “Lio, other than your throat and ear, are you hurt anywhere else?”
“I get the feeling this is more like a penthouse suite rather than a typical room. I’m picturing the bed with a canopy.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft started, but Sherlock cut him off.
“You're very dedicated,” Sherlock said with a bite of sarcasm.
John laughed, then winced and rubbed the back of his neck. “Physical therapy is going to be a bitch today.”
Molly... I can't sleep, I dream about it all the time... I'm just, so tired, but Sherlock is struggling, and Greg needs help, and Mycroft hasn't accepted Sherrinford either, I have to be there for them..."
He stands up, looking a bit unsteady as he does so, Molly takes a step forth to steady him, but a look from him and she stops, blinking a few times, he runs his hand through his hair and walks towards her, yawning and taking the coffee she offered. Together the two walked towards the morgue, worry radiating off John as they did.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John's anguished cries paid little attention to Greg's words.
Together the two walked into the Hospital and straight to the room that was always booked for the Holmes brothers, Gregory entering first, neither of them showing surprise at Mycroft or Anthea, Greg headed straight for the unconscious Sherlock, focused on him. John meanwhile stalked toward the Elder Holmes and grabbed him by the jacket, dragging him out into the waiting room and down to an empty corridor, where he shoved him away, giving the man just enough time to adjust his suit before he started.
