Is it “I love you” or is it “I want you,” and does the meaning hold true for a lifetime, or only for a night? Does a kiss mean love, or is it more? Does a kiss mean love, or is it less?
“No!” Sherlock unintentionally flings his water bottle to the floor again. “No need to do that. I was just...worried you'd be cold.”
John ignores Irene’s comment, a thousand pound weight falling from John’s chest in knowing that Sherlock is safe. “Oh, good,” he exhales. “Thank god.” He grabs Molly again, pulling her in close and holding her there. “I need to ask you about a billion questions,” he says with a chuckle.
“William.” The word comes as a gust of air from John’s chest, rustling black curls as the man brushes his fingers to the nape of John’s neck.
Millions of tiny flames, and it doesn't come close to the unbridled love he feels for John, nor the knowledge that John feels the same.
Perhaps what they’re doing is not abnormal, he thinks. John doesn’t appear to be uncomfortable; in fact, everything about his body language implies that he’s quite content. So Sherlock shrugs off his apprehension, allowing his body sink down into his. As he does, his senses feel heightened; his blood seems to move through his body faster than usual. It’s as though touching John both grounds him and gives him superhuman abilities.
Sarah turns the music down, and the next few minutes are filled with the details of the past few months of her life.
In a small fluorescent room with yellowing walls and no windows, there's a small, round table. The tall man with a crooked nose and a British accent sits there, his hands placed primly on the tabletop.
A sudden panic rips through Sherlock. He ends the kiss abruptly, pulling his head from John's lap with a gasp. "John!"
Gabriela speaks first.  “Hang on,” she says, leaning forwards on the bed, her arms linked comfortably with Irene’s. “You’re the only one here who uses a fake name, right? Why not the other girls?”
Allow me to explain. As a student at Oxford, I assisted a young professor by the name of Doctor Richard Brook. He was someone I greatly admired, and the admiration was mutual. We quickly formed a deep and complex friendship.
“No. John—” And in what seems to be yet another bout of temporary hysteria, Sherlock’s hand flies out towards his, fingers clinging to the sleeve of his jumper (holy god it’s soft). He tugs at it lightly.
And if heaven exists, the sensation of John's fingertips on his skin is the closest to heaven Sherlock has ever been. He alternates between deep, skillful strokes and light, gentle ones, grazing over the tops of his shoulders, his chest, and his clavicles. Sherlock notices John's breaths growing heavy and irregular as he finally drifts up to the sides of his neck. Sherlock himself has, at some point, stopped attempting to hold back his long, guttural moans of appreciation, and he realises that his breaths have grown short and unsteady as well.
“I promise I’ll be sharp as a tack once she arrives,” Gabriela says with a wink, taking a sip of her muddy-looking coffee. “Now let’s review the plan.”
Sherlock releases a gust of air, part laughter, part contentedness. He turns his head, burying his face into John's shoulder.
Because for whatever reason, since he's returned, the two of them have lost the ability to hold a conversation. As the days and evenings painfully creep by, there's little more than awkward silences, bobbling heads, forced smiles, and pining glances (though John never notices those—of that, Sherlock is certain).
It's unknown how many women fell victim to the Whitechapel Murderer, but it's widely accepted that there were at least five--commonly referred to as the "canonical five." Quite fitting that Moriarty's letter was written after their fifth victim. And furthermore, Sherlock realises a commonality in the names of the victims:
“You got it.” Gabriela leans forwards and lays a hand on his upper arm. “Too bad you can’t join us, love. The Woman and I are going to have lots of fun.”
"Fuck," John groans. His fingers are twisted through the matted, sweaty curls on Sherlock's scalp, and he tugs at them through whimpering moans.
“Jesus. I’m sorry. I know,” Sherlock says weakly, the sharp sting of embarrassment immediately overtaking him. ”I-I don’t know why on Earth I did that. I simply wanted to thank you somehow, and—“
“—crack in the lens,” John cuts him off. “Yeah. I know. I’ve read his book, too. And as I’ve already said, I don’t give a fuck about who he was then.” He presses his hand firmly onto the table. “I know who he is now, and he is absolutely capable of love. I’ve seen it. He has friends who are very dear to him, and he’s a good man.”
He definitely wasn’t expecting William to meet him at the entrance. He wasn’t expecting to be dragged indoors by the drenched lapels of his coat; or for William to kiss him as though he’s been longing to kiss him for a hundred years. He wasn’t expecting him to taste of vodka and tears and cigarettes, and he wasn’t expecting the soft, sweet whimpers of affection.
John hums in agreement as he rises to the tips of his toes, taking Sherlock in and kissing him deeply. It's a kiss sweeter than a fine wine; more tender than a lullaby.
Their naked bodies soon grow hard and warm; their mouths grow greedy, and their whispers of longing become lustful moans. They don’t pull their mouths apart to come up for air—not even when John turns onto his back, pulling Sherlock up by his slim waist and spreading his legs over his thighs. Sherlock lays himself over John, aligning their slick, firm cocks and reclaiming his kiss-swollen lips.
“Oh. No. William, I didn’t mean…” His hands fall lightly to William’s shoulders. “I just meant that, as long as we continue...whatever this is, I want to be sure it’s exciting for you."
"You were there! Did you not hear it?" His eyes grow wider, nearly comically so. "It was also the first thing Mycroft said to me when he kidnapped me."
“It worked for a purpose,” Sherlock says. “In a contained environment which differs substantially from real life.”
Sherlock takes another swing at him. But Moriarty quickly catches him by the wrist and shoulder, spins him forwards, and pins him against himself with his arms.
Sherlock bears into John, pressing him into the wall with a hushed fervour. His lips are on his lips; on one cheek, and the other; his forehead, the bridge of his nose. His hands are at John's waist, fumbling at his belt.
John's voice rumbles with laughter as he kneads his fingers into Sherlock’s shoulder blades. "Good."
Sherlock tucks his fingers beneath John's lower back and grabs tightly onto his buttocks. And when he takes John into his mouth, it's deep and wet and without warning.
Today, like every Christmas, John lets himself be warmed by the glow of happiness. Though it's unlike any Christmas he’s experienced, there is certainly something in the air that feels like magic.
Mrs. Hudson sets her hand over her heart, her expression growing nostalgic. "There hasn't been one moment I've known him that he’s not been smitten. It's obvious as the noonday sun."
“About a quarter past eleven,” Gabriela responds. She takes his hand, and until then, he doesn't even realise he's shaking.
They’re the only two in the room. The man regards John apathetically, his fingers crossed together over the tabletop.
Once he’s back at home, John ignores the hints of a migraine burning his temples, takes out his laptop, and searches Molly Hooper's name. The first website that’s returned is the Time Magazine article that was mentioned in the photo caption at the library. It’s dated from two years ago.
“I know,” John says. “I love you so much, Sherlock. And I do want to talk to you about this, but I’m absolutely exhausted. Could you come lie next to me so I can fall asleep with you in my arms?”
He doesn’t hang heavy over your head like a storm cloud, seeping joy from your life. He doesn’t appear in your nightmares, or in your waking hours—when a flash of dark hair and a grey suit sends you into an irreversible panic.
"I think—" Shit. John knows what happens next. He's fairly certain, despite Sherlock’s apparent ignorance, that he knows as well. "I think traditionally, a married couple would consummate their union."
William wraps his heart-shaped lips around the filter of his cigarette and inhales, the tip of it glowing like a firefly. He forms a delectable “O” shape with his sinful mouth, and he exhales, flicking pieces of ash onto the pavement.
"John." Sherlock's reflexes are quick; he tucks his arms beneath John's, lowering him carefully onto the bed, and he goes down with him.
Sarah begins to speak, but as she does, a low bass note booms from the speakers, and John hears none of the words coming from her mouth.
John complies, inserting a second finger, and soon a third. Sherlock's hips and body surge in pulsating, irregular motions. He tosses his head backwards, neck and chest glistening with sweat, his curls falling everywhere at once. The tip of his hard, smooth cock drags itself against John's belly, leaving tiny trails of wetness there. Gasping and moaning, he skims his fingers aimlessly over his chest—his ring glimmering in the light of the sunset.
He came in and took a seat. We drank tea and made small talk. We didn’t speak about how I’d been the one to turn him in. We didn’t speak about the date of the trial. We didn’t speak about how I already agreed to testify against him in court.
So he steps out of the pub at midnight; hands deep in the pockets of his puffy coat, tongue pasty from the bitter taste of his cocktail. Three years in Boston, and he’s yet to find a bartender who makes a proper Old Fashioned.
Lestrade releases a breath of laughter. "I don't know. Forever? I mean, maybe not forever. I assume you didn't know one another as infants, but if you did, you were probably in love then, too."
“So. I take it the mock police uniform didn't come with its own police vehicle, then? That's a shame."
He never, ever, ever thought it could happen to him. Not like this. Not until he met John. But as he faces the monster who took everything from him, he knows how he can assure John’s safety--and nothing has ever been simpler.
Sherlock stands, holding his hand out to John. John takes it and pulls himself up—but the moment Sherlock touches him, he detects a sense of restless indignation.
The corners of Sherlock’s heart-shaped lips tug upwards. There’s a subtle awe in his expression. It’s a look that John is fond of, but rarely sees—the one he gets when John does something that befuddles him beyond words. But it doesn’t last long; a serious expression quickly sweeps over his features.
Stifled moans become caught in his throat as Sherlock takes him deeper, swirling his tongue and bathing his cock in saliva. John begins to feel a familiar tightening in his abdomen, and he digs his fingernails lightly into Sherlock’s shoulders to give him the hint.
husband, to be specific. Afraid you won’t find two people more married than we are!” He clutches to Sherlock tightly, digging his nails into his own palm—just to be sure this isn’t
Because as confused as Sherlock is about whatever he’s feeling for John, there is one thing he does know:
Any tension formed between John and Sherlock that night evaporates the moment they fall asleep. And although they've removed their costumes, they remain fused together--when they wake up, neither has let the other go.
Sherlock swallows thickly, his Adam’s apple bobbing at his throat, and he nods. He looks back over to Mary. “You took care of the cameras?” he asks.
He frowns at her. “Christ,” he mutters as she attempts to lick coffee from the back of her spoon. Honestly, she appears to be no older than eighteen or nineteen. “How old are you, if you don’t mind my asking?”
John doesn’t like this man at all. He’s stuck up, and rude, and demanding. And now, as John feels he’s being mocked, his chest begins to flare with anger.
And oh, it’s quite comforting to know that Donovan has returned to her baseline of insufferability as well.
”Alright. John." He exhales. "You have a habit of staring at my lips, because you want to kiss them. When you begin to lick your own, it's as if you're..practicing for the role. Has anyone told you that you do that quite a lot? Anyway, sometimes, when we’re out in London together, and a small breeze blows through my hair, your fingers twitch as you watch it pass. You want so badly to simply touch it—a desire that I would be more than happy to provide you with. You don't seem to think I see you watching me whenever I walk through the sitting room, wrapped in only a towel—so I feel this might be a good time to inform you: the microwave oven reflects everything that happens in the sitting room. And also, I wear only a towel far more often when I know you'll be watching. Shall I go on?"
John gets moved from urgent care to short term care the next day. He's got a much nicer room: bigger, with natural sunlight, and his own bathroom and shower—there's even a lock on the door. The two of them are pleasantly surprised by the upgrade. Sherlock considers briefly that his brother may have pulled some strings, but no matter. He plans to make good use of the door lock to facilitate himself and John sleeping past five in the morning.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he says, leaning steadily backwards to settle into his seat. “Perhaps I overstepped. I didn’t intend to make you uncomfortable.”
"Your neck is absolutely exquisite," John remarks softly. He keeps kissing his neck, over and over—there isn't an inch of it that he doesn't kiss. His tongue peeks from his mouth, working simultaneously with his lips, turning the kisses into dangerously arousing swirls and nibbles. But it's when he begins sucking lightly at Sherlocks skin that Sherlock loses control.
Sherlock flips himself onto his stomach and slides to John's side of the bed, stopping just before his mouth reaches John’s earlobe.
“Hold on a moment,” John intervenes. “If you’re touching the wooden piece, how are we to know you’re not moving it?”
“Awwww. The two of you are just adorable together,” the florist says appreciatively. “Have you set your date?”
Sarah nods. “When I saw you... I was shocked at how immediately afraid I became. Afraid of what Nicholas might do to you. More than I was ashamed of you seeing me, I was afraid of
“Perhaps,” Sherlock acknowledges. “Though I do appreciate the way you’ve been communicating with your lips. I mean, I suppose you always communicate with your lips, since you use them to form words, but I’m specifically referring to the type of communication where your lips and my lips are taking up the same space at the same time—"
Her eyes shift to Irene, then to Molly, as if expecting them to protest, but they only await her response. “Did he?” She relaxes. “Guess he decided it was worth revealing.” She shrugs. “Yes. You’re correct. I'm Mary. But from what I’ve gathered, you don’t get too miffed over false names?”
John stares at him. He looks different, somehow. The lines of his furrowed brow—which John has come to adore—have deepened. His hair is slightly thinner, though every bit as beautiful and unkempt, and is matted against his forehead with sweat. The corners of his eyelids are brushed with barely-there crow’s feet, and his eyes are still every last colour that John has memorised.
Moriarty’s eyes grow wide. “Have you seen the way he looks at you? Like he would fly to the moon and back, just to keep you safe? Oh, how desperately he loves you. And love bears
John skims his thumb over the metal band as if it will keep his heart from sinking. But he can practically feel his muscles contract as his smile fades.
Sorry in advance for the typos. You can think of each one as a tiny little mystery I left behind for you to solve. Great work, you genius, you.
The name still echoes in Sherlock’s mind as he opens his eyes, surrounded by stillness and warm desert air. His head throbs in pain as he attempts to take in a bleary view of Vegas’ city lights reflecting off of the low clouds.
“That would be lovely!” Molly pauses, considering. Then, a doe-eyed expression as she understands what Gabriela is suggesting. “Oh!”
When John dreams, he and William—Sherlock—are in a dark room with a fireplace, sitting comfortably in armchairs across from one another. Sherlock is dressed in a waistcoat, and his dark curls are slicked back, which does much more to enhance his already-high cheekbones. He smokes a pipe as he reads from a paper.
you to have sex with me. If it still isn’t clear to you, you aren't just a little slow; you are a complete moron.”
Being fake married to John is grand. Sherlock can't help pondering why they've never been fake married before. He wonders, in fact, why anyone would ever get
“Hey, all!” Lestrade nods a greeting. “Sorry I’m late. Just left work.” He is predictably not wearing a costume, because he’s predictably boring.
know about me. And it’s not a matter of wanting—it’s a matter of life and death. I know none of this makes sense, and I’m sorry. I wish I could give you a better explanation. But I’ve simply got to ask that you trust what I’m saying. Please trust me when I say that I love you, John—and I would give you everything if I could.”
After this, John says nothing for a long time. None of them do. Molly stands at his side, she and the others waiting with silent strength until he's prepared to speak.
She turns to him, her dark lashes as dark as ever, her scarlet lips just as scarlet. “Yes, darling.“
So he decides, quite early on, that he won’t be visiting The Strand on Christmas. Spending the holidays with someone carries a weight that most days do not. Christmas, especially, is meant to be spent with friends, family, and lovers—and he and William are none of these things.
The two men board Mycroft’s jet to prepare for their departure. As they visit the loo to rinse off and change clothing, John excitedly tells Sherlock of the master scheme that led them all here. How he woke up to an empty bed after Moriarty kidnapped Sherlock in the middle of the night. How he reached out to Molly for help, and how Irene used her powers of influence to contact Moriarty immediately. How they agreed to deliver John to the Stratosphere in exchange for the safety of their loved ones. He and Sherlock would jump right before Moriarty’s eyes, Moriarty not knowing Molly’s device would save them; meanwhile, Irene would stay back to ensure he kept his word.
John lifts his hand to smooth away another curl that falls over Sherlock’s forehead. “I think it’s amazing. You’re a brilliant man, Sherlock. Whatever you choose to do, you will do with equal brilliance. I don’t care if you choose to solve murders, or make cocktails until we’re in our seventies. All that matters to me is that you’re happy.”
Mrs. Hudson is having a Halloween party. And to make matters even more gruesome, Sherlock has unwittingly accepted her invitation.
So John runs. He runs for Sherlock; to get him his life back. He runs so the two of them can finally be together without fear. He runs so that Sherlock can return to the family he’s loved and lost.
John’s heart beats so quickly that he wonders if it will escape from his rib cage. He never realised that he longed for a moment like this. Especially with Sherlock. But here it is, and the moment is lovely, and the ring is lovely, and Sherlock is lovely—and he can't be bothered to wipe the grin from his face.
"Your thoughts are growing more deafening by the second. And there are multitudes of them, but I can't discern a single one."
Her name was Meena Natale. She was an ICU nurse—twenty-eight years old; happily married, no children, no known enemies, and no history of health problems. She died by asphyxiation—strangled by her killer. Oddly, trace amounts of cyanide were also found on her lips, though none was detected internally.
"You get to live, and John Watson gets to live, and Richard Brook and Sherlock Holmes will be together again. Side by side. Just like old times."
John blinks. Meeting a stranger alone in an unfamiliar place? It feels dangerous; but he’s surprised to learn that this only spurs him onward. And yet, he won’t go without a reason.
This is true. And if John wants to go on buttering Sherlock up like this, he's allowed a few more quiet seconds.
Sherlock swallows thickly. "There was a man named Richard Brook, for whom I had great admiration. The years I spent as his partner were some of the best of my life, and I would happily have spent more. I would not be who I am if it weren't for his friendship, and knowing what I know now, I realise that I loved him deeply."
Though not experienced in the realm of entanglement, Sherlock is experienced in the realm of addiction. And he knows one thing: the more he gets of John, the more he wants. He’s not entirely sure what that means, but he’s fully convinced that he’s the one who ought to see a psychiatric professional.
Sherlock patiently listens to him rattle off every detail. Once he’s finished, he kisses him on the lips and casually informs him that he already figured it out—but wanted to hear it from him, because he finds his valor to be very, very sexy.
Brook sets down the core of an apple— with his left hand—next to a jar of red ink. He plucks the seeds from it, quickly and skillfully, and he turns to drop them into a box on the bookshelf behind him. The box is large; large enough that if it were full of apple seeds, and the seeds were ground together, their cyanide complex could potentially be detectable. On the bookshelf behind him, the book he was reading the day they met: a profile on a man theorised to be Jack the Ripper.
Moriarty is so close that Sherlock can feel his breath; he can see the veins bulging from his neck. Still, he refuses to look away.
Mycroft seals his lips together, turning away from them. “Get into the police vehicle, then,” he calls back over his shoulder. “Both of you.”
"Oh!" He gasps deeply, pressing his hand to John's chest. "I've figured it out...why everyone knows that we're together."
John steps down and next to Sherlock, facing him, and he holds the umbrella over the both of their heads. “I brought you an umbrella.”
John moves swiftly and gracefully. He spins Sherlock’s body around, pressing him into the kitchen counter, and Sherlock succumbs to his movements like a ragdoll. With John’s fingers wrapped around both of his wrists, he moves them to the countertop, lightly pinning them behind his waist.
"Y-yes." Sherlock is unprepared for how vivid the anticipation is. He slides himself off the sofa and shifts his body to a seated position, shoulders encased by John's knees.
Moriarty’s words are startlingly soft, even childlike. “I don’t understand why you love him. He is quite ordinary, you know.”
He tries to ignore Sherlock as he gets ready for the date one evening; perfecting his curls and putting on the white silk button up and applying the after-shave that John has smelled every day since they met, though he’s only
"It worked, did it not?" Moriarty insists, his expression boastful. "You finally understood! How heartbroken you were...simply at the thought of being on your own. And after the fifth, you came to me and begged me not to go, and you kissed me. You kissed me, and you asked me to take you to bed, and then you betrayed me."
It’s Sherlock who says it first, his chin resting on the crown of John’s head, both of them light headed from their kiss.
In his sleepy haze and such unfamiliar surroundings, he’s briefly unsettled—but as soon as he sees Sherlock’s head in his lap, he remembers he’s exactly where he’s supposed to be.
Moriarty laughs a low, unpleasant laugh. “This is Mary's gun. And Mary is—was—a creature of habit. She was extremely sure of her own skill; and she never put more than a single bullet in her gun.” To prove himself, he pulls the barrel out and turns the gun upside down. It's empty.
"If I were your husband," Sherlock echoes, his voice wavering as John's warm breath mingles with his.
“Mmm.” The man’s gaze returns to his. The music grows louder, so he wraps his long fingers around the back of John’s neck, moving closer until they’re cheek to cheek.
"Oh, honey, stop," Molly interrupts. "John has been mad about you since he met you. For someone so observant, you are awfully blind."
John gasps, and Sherlock shifts his gaze upwards to see what’s the matter. John’s blue eyes have grown endearingly wide again. “Look!” He points to the corner, where the hooded figure still carries out their ominous surveillance. “The Reaper’s got Lestrade!”
More silence. Sherlock is starting to realise that it's a bit too hot in their flat; his face is flushed and his heart is pumping, and his body feels quite tense.
But this can’t be Mary. John does not recognize her. Her eyes are cold and grey like a muddy lake, and she looks upon the body of her victim—their beloved Sherlock—with absolute indifference.
She tucks her arms underneath his and hugs him back. “There’s no need,” she says. “Now go try and get some sleep. I’ll see you in a couple of hours.”
Sherlock shrugs casually. "I've never had any interest in emotional intelligence, either. But I've got a reason to be, now--and I've got a brilliant teacher."
She smiles at him before pulling her coat and scarf on, and she turns back towards John to kiss him once more on the cheek. “It was so lovely to meet you, mate. Hope we’ll see one another again.”
“Home.” John feels a rush of bliss spread through his chest. “Our home, correct? In the year—“ he ventures a guess. “Eighteen hundred and—“
But what else can possibly be said? John told Sherlock that he loves him, even though he never planned to. Because Sherlock asked him to say it, and when he asked—how could John not?
"Mrs. Hudson,” Molly says. “Maybe you can settle a debate we’re having: how long do you reckon John’s been in love with Sherlock?"
The two of them make their way down through the twisted alleyways, the dense, foggy air filling their lungs. And this—this will always be one of Sherlock's favourite sensations—even moreso when he and John are running side-by-side, hand-in-hand.
"Bit too close there, love," John whispers. And his lips are on Sherlock's neck, his cheek, his jaw, his temple; they are kissing him everywhere they can possibly reach.
"Nah. Not even close. You couldn’t get rid of me that easily. I would have figured out a way to come back and—"
The final thing he hears is Irene’s breath against the microphone, and another muffled cry from Gabriela. “I’ve seen you, before, Miss Gomez. You’ve come into The Strand a few times, have you not? And here you are. So tell me,” Irene says slowly. “Who do you work for?”
“Oh. Pity.” William pushes past him, pressing his hipbones into his side as he sets the cake onto the table. “Off to meet your girlfriend, then?”
John’s index finger begins to move in circles around Sherlock’s arsehole. Then, he feels another finger join in. Both fingers slide into him at once, and he inhales sharply, his body searing with burning pleasure.
“Heavens, no, dear.” Mrs. Hudson shakes her head. “You think I’ve got time to pull all that together?”
As they pull from their embrace, Sarah’s eyes fall to something directly behind him. Her smile fades, and her eyes grow wide, leaving her expression somewhere between fascinated and unsettled.
“We’re still downtown. Just a short walk from our hotel. You were in some sort of...casino security office. I knew where to find you, though, thanks to Molly’s brilliant spy skills, and Irene’s knowledge of the area.”
John feels something swelling in his chest, something akin to relief, but he doesn’t overthink it. “Of course.”
Although there’s a pained expression on his face, Brook is no longer able to resist his pleas. "Alright. Yes, Sherlock. I'll help you solve the case."
Then, John’s cock begins to pulse, wildly and abruptly. His body seizes, and thick spurts of hot liquid pour into his hand.
Sherlock’s eyes are now fully leaking. He wipes his face on John’s t-shirt. “It’s my first time being a boyfriend, you know. I’ll have much to learn.”
“I could, erm…” John fumbles. “I could tell you what it’s like, maybe. Perhaps that would be good enough for now.”
Sherlock gazes back down to their joined hands and the rings that they exchanged just a couple of hours prior. And John is still left to wonder: for Sherlock, is it all in the name of the performance? A bit of extreme method acting that he’ll be able to turn off like the flick of a switch? Completely unaware of John’s very real feelings? He wouldn’t put it past him.
"But I've got nothing to hide," Sherlock says--mildly alarmed by the candidness that spills out from his words. "Have you?"
John releases a tiny gust of air. He’s not sure how long he’s been holding his breath, but between that and Sherlock’s sweltering gaze, he’s become rather lightheaded.
John's forehead crinkles into a frown. “Hey!” He gestures towards the computer laying in front of Sherlock. “Is that my laptop?”
Molly’s spoon slips out of her fingers, landing in her mug and splashing coffee all over the table. She finds her own awkwardness highly amusing, and she doubles over in laughter. John finds it endearing, and can’t help but genuinely join in with her. It’s actually sort of difficult not to like her.
John nods, looking up at her with sincerity. “Onto my next question, then.” He takes her hands into his. “Molly, please. Tell me. What is Sherlock running from?”
"I'm sorry," John apologises, taking another deep breath. "Would you care to catch me up on the rest of the story?"
John chuckles softly, and they stare at each other for far too long. Sherlock becomes dizzy, and he forgets so many words—until he remembers the most important one.
“Keep watching.” William slides his hand up and down John’s length, and he doesn’t let go until John comes.
And what would happen to them if he finally did? What would happen if the alcohol lowered his inhibitions, and he gave in to what he longed to do? If they fell into bed, laughing and tipsy? Would Sherlock wrap his arms around John's waist? Lay his head on his chest, his fingers crawling over his cheeks and though his soft hair?
John takes a deliberate step towards the table, pinning the man with his eyes. "I don't believe you've told me your name, officer."
Moriarty tosses his head back and laughs; it’s not a pleasant sound. “Just as impertinent as ever, Mister Holmes.”
"Sherlock." John takes a step forwards, hugging him from behind. "Yes." He places a kiss on his shoulder. "I'm not good with words the way you are, but emphatically
Sherlock leans in and presses their foreheads together. "John," he says softly. "There's something I've got to do."
“Oh, look at you,” the florist coos. She turns towards John. “He’s so happy. You love him; why not give him everything he wants for your special day?”
John makes his way home from the MIT campus, his head spinning with all of the odd things to happen in the past twenty-four hours.
Sherlock can no longer hold back the heat of his anger. "You killed five innocent women...to get my attention? Because you thought it would please me?!"
John leans away to meet his eyes. “Very smooth, Holmes. You’ve gotten quite good at this, haven’t you?”
"You’re lying." Sherlock joins him at the side of the countertop. "You were watching that baking programme last week."
Behind the counter appears to be a new barista: a tall, pale man with dark, curly hair. John nearly drops his books. His pulse beats faster and faster, and his mouth grows dry.
Besides, Sherlock has told him from day one that sex is of absolutely no interest to him. What logical reason would John have to think that it has ever been? These tiny flashes into Sherlock's life before they met must have been jarring, especially when receiving both pieces of news at once.
Sherlock decides to take pity on Anderson—but only because the conversation is beginning to make him queasy. “It's because she's wearing the earrings you bought her, and you didn’t notice.”
Sherlock thinks to himself. But his heart is warmed by his words, and he doesn't even consider correcting him.
“Song of Songs,” Moriarty murmurs, his face hovering against Sherlock’s. “I opened myself to my beloved, but my beloved had turned and gone. My heart went out to him as he spoke. I searched for him but did not find him; I called him but he did not answer.”
Molly is on the floor, too; as is everyone else, although they're engaged in conversations of their own.
So he sets a final chaste kiss to John’s lips, creating a trail of them across his jaw before resting his head in the crook of his neck.
Even Harry and Clara are there. Once John finally worked up the courage to tell Harry how terrible Christmas had always been without her, she told him that she felt exactly the same; so she and her wife immediately booked a Holiday visit. The two women sit at the bar opposite him, swept up in each other as if they’ve forgotten they aren’t the only ones in the room.
His notifications are bursting with text messages...all from people he loves, and his misery actually slips away for a few seconds. He’s very fortunate, he thinks. The past few weeks have been difficult enough, but they would have been impossible to face without his friends.
Why did he say it? Because those four words, passed from his mouth to John's ear, are the most sensual and erotic he's ever spoken. And the muted exhalation that comes from John wraps his soul in a warmth that's thicker than any blanket; takes him to a high that's higher than any opiate.
Sherlock exclaims. "Your story is very wrong. It was not just one goose. It was a gaggle of a half dozen, if not more! And they were unnaturally large!"
John leans the rest of the way forwards to close the space between them. He brushes their lips together, slides his tongue into Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock welcomes it, open-mouthed and eager.
“Right,” John acknowledges. “I sort of assumed that was the case, given your publications and studies—and your alarmingly precise observation skills.”
John and Gabriela head back to their room about an hour before their planned meeting time with The Woman. As they enter, Gabriela stumbles over her stiletto heels and topples onto the bed face first. She laughs hysterically, and John accuses her of being drunk, and she argues, telling him she’s simply always been clumsy.
As he takes the ring from the box and slides it over John's finger, he watches closely, errant curl falling over his forehead, brow furrowing as though he's attempting to solve a puzzle. But once the ring is on, his face lights up with pride.
Sherlock presses a light kiss to his sweaty temple. John tries not to think of the ticking clock moving them unfailingly towards the end of their time together. So as they lie there, breaths becoming aligned, he simply closes his eyes to savor this crystalline moment.
But he feels it: he’s not the same man he was yesterday. He’s not even the same man he was two hours ago, before being pressed against a wall and kissed by a tragically beautiful bartender in skin-tight jeans.
“No need to apologize,” Sherlock assures him. “It’s fine. I’m fine. I suppose I’m just not sure how to respond to such remarks, especially coming from you.”
John continues to fuck him—he fucks him so hard he fears he’s going to break him, but he physically cannot make himself stop, fucking him harder and faster until he's throbbing and pouring himself into William's heat.
“Alright.” Sherlock swallows. “John. Will you—“ suddenly, the words feel stuck in his throat. He coughs and tries once more. “John, will you be my boyf—“ he chokes again, and there’s a sudden pricking feeling in his eyes. “Apologies. I appear to be exhibiting symptoms of acute sinusitis.”
He was hoping for a snog and a stiff drink, but all he’s got to show for tonight is a text from Sarah—cancelling their date—and forty less dollars in his pocket.
He stealthily slips his fingers beneath John’s trousers. John inhales sharply as they tickle the head of his cock. “You’re insatiable,” he teases. “We’re...nnngh… about to finish. Can we...ahhhh… watch the rest of it?”
But when John’s lips trickle over his collarbone and Sherlock’s fingers trickle beneath the hem of John’s shirt, he wonders: would John consider it something worth rehearsing? Could the addition to their repertoire add to their overall credibility as fake husbands? (And also, what does John’s skin look like beneath that layer of hospital clothing?)
Mary laughs with her entire body; it’s boisterous and warm, and it’s impossible not to laugh with her. It’s what first attracted John to her the evening they met at The Strand. She laughed a lot that night. He didn’t want it to stop, which was a large part of why he asked her to come home with him.
As the morning passes, they drift in and out of sleep and kisses and heavy breaths, but they never emerge from their cocoon. Eventually, John’s empty stomach grumbles loudly enough to pull him from his slumber. William is napping beside him. John kisses the bridge of his nose, and he stirs; insisting he’s been awake the entire time due to John’s stomach "roaring like a crazed hyena."
John would respond if he could, but Molly’s arms are now squeezing his neck and cutting off his vocal cords and windpipes. And he can’t tell if it’s the emotion or lack of oxygen, but he begins to feel himself becoming teary-eyed as well.
Sherlock crinkles his forehead indignantly when he discovers who it is: the person with the least amount of genius in the universe.
“Shhh.” Moriarty hushes him. “Relax. Today is not your day to die.” He shifts his eyes to finally acknowledge Mary. “
“We’re your friends, John,” Sarah adds. “We’re happy to help you. I think you’d do the same for us.”
And there are other things that he craves. Things that husbands do—past kissing and holding hands and falling asleep together. These are things he and John do not practice.
He finally moves. Well, both of them do. John immediately grabs onto Sherlock, pulling him along as they tumble through the entryway. The two of them make loud noises that begin as gasps of shock—but fade into peals of laughter as they fall to the floor.
John spent the greater part of the evening foolishly hoping that somehow, it might keep burning and burning—on this, the most perfect of nights. Hoped that Sherlock might never let go of his hand, that they might never let go of this intimacy. That they might never exchange the fantasy for the impersonal normalcy of the real world.
John melts into him almost immediately. He snakes his arms beneath Sherlock’s, settling them at Sherlock’s waist.
Moriarty wasn’t simply taking my life away from me. He was taking my heart away from me, too. He was going after the people I love.
John slides his hand into his, and the single act reminds Sherlock that he's not crossing the path alone; he's got John to show him the way.
“No.” Although John has found himself speechless, he knows that single word reflects his complex thoughts. Sherlock isn’t dead. John knows it, somehow. Regardless, he takes another step towards the table and looks down at the piece of paper at the tips of the man’s long, bony fingers.
“Funny thing.” Moriarty’s voice drops to a furtive whisper. “I know I delivered John earlier. So where has he run off to?” He steps closer still, his predatory gaze drifting up and down Sherlock’s body. “I would love to play with the both of you—but he can watch, instead, if that’s more his thing.”
"As you wish," he says, brushing a kiss over the crown of Sherlock’s head and bringing his fingers to rest at his temple. He trails them slowly over Sherlock's cranium, combing through the thick curls and retracing his path.
good places. To the taste of Sherlock's lips paired with the taste of Château Pape Clément. To the way his cold, graceful fingers might feel as they slip beneath the hem of John's shirt and up his spine. To the crumpling noise Sherlock's pristine shirt might make as he tosses it carelessly onto the floor. To the luxurious sensation of Sherlock's silk sheets on John’s back.
John’s eyes fly open. Light pours in. He groans and his head throbs. His fingers drift over the uncomfortably large bulge in his pants.
Sherlock trickles his fingers up John's arm and presses lightly at his shoulder to coax him onto his back. He drapes one leg over John's waist, and John gives into his movements, melting into the bed beneath him. Sherlock kisses his neck, tongue dancing over his pulse point in swirling circles, and John rolls his head back onto the pillow with a moan, letting himself be touched.
None of it makes sense. John hates William. Or at least, William hates him. But Christ, never has he been a part of something like that—something so raw and intimate that he thought only existed in fantasies.
He especially misses them as John drags his tongue slowly over his own bottom lip, an action that’s nearly predatory. Sherlock is certain that those lips are going to assault him right then and there, in front of Lestrade and Mister Albany III, Esquire.
Moriarty leers at him. “My brilliant friend,” he says, his smile gaping like a clown’s. “How I’ve missed you.”
“So,” John says. “Our first big holiday together is practically in the books. How are you feeling about that?”
Sherlock tilts his head down. But the look John is giving him—it can't be summed up with mere words.
Sherlock holds to John tighter. Kisses his cheek and his jaw. Presses his lips to his wet skin between claps of thunder.
The room is dark, but John can tell the sting has become swollen. “I’ll put some ice on it, just to be sure,” he offers. “Sit down, please.”
Moriarty raises his hand to his own cheek, his expression startled but amused. “Ooooh,” he croons. “Still like it a bit rough, then, darling?”
On an evening during a more recent January, Angelo brings John and Sherlock a bottle of merlot compliments of the house.
“But who imagines these...universes?” John asks as a glowing meteorite soars across the sky. It dissolves into the atmosphere so quickly that John isn’t completely certain it was there.
Pale, crystalline eyes peer impatiently from behind the bar. Low light flickers over high cheekbones like fire from an open flame; a crown of soft black curls frames a long, slender face. The bartender—he’s the most beautiful man John has ever seen. He leans onto his elbows, eyes burning into John as they slowly pore over his body.
Perhaps Sherlock ought to just kiss him. What would be the harm in that? They've kissed many times before.
“Ugh!” Moriarty sighs dramatically. “Finally, you decide to show up!” He wriggles his body a bit, but John strengthens his grip, pressing the gun into the side of his head. “Although it’s a bit alarming that you waited so long. I thought you would come the moment I laid a finger on him.”
"John." He moves his head closer, caressing his face with his own, and he brushes their lips together. "John, John, John," he whispers more. Holds on so tightly that he feels John's collarbones digging into his sternum; his heart beating wildly in his rib cage.
“She likes you as well, Molly,” she says. “Thinks you’ve got a great smile. Talks a lot about how brilliant you are.”
It's absolutely miraculous how composed Sherlock is—especially considering the mental gymnastics he's hurdling through. Because even though he's kissing John like this, he’s thinking of doing those
It’s William’s day off, so John insists on helping prepare the drinks. He’s always wanted to make a drink behind a bar. William is hesitant, but he agrees—until John reaches for a bottle of vodka, and he leaps across the bar to intervene.
At some point that morning, and several times after, Sherlock peeks his head into the room to check on him. This is real. Mrs. Hudson stops by mid afternoon to bring lunch. Real. John wakes up briefly to roll over in his bed and take his medicine. Real. He wakes up another time to check his phone. It’s already eight o’clock at night. Real.
,” Sherlock says. “It isn’t as though I'm going to...tear off your trousers, one-handed, in a fit of unbridled passion, while you’re scrolling through Gmail." He momentarily regards John's wardrobe. “...Especially not those corduroy trousers that I’m fairly certain my father also owns.”
“You’ve made a wise decision.” The Woman’s hand falls from his mouth; and like a gust of wind from a hurricane, she plunges her knife into his abdomen.
Several elements of this chapter were inspired by my own life. I grew up in Oklahoma, which is not Texas, but it is part of the Great Plains. When you live somewhere that's completely flat, the skies really are enormous. I spent time as a child at lake docks, catching fireflies, and getting sun burnt. RIP to my dermis.
“That you’re dreaming.” Sherlock blows a puff of air, sending white seeds from their stem into the breeze.
As the thought enters his mind, Sherlock feels John reach the tipping point. The movements of his body accelerate until their rhythm is lost altogether; he chants Sherlock's name, pumping into their hands with reckless abandon. And as he reaches climax, he tells Sherlock that he loves him--and Sherlock knows he's got no reason to be afraid.
Sherlock shields his eyes and looks out into the room. The lonely cathedral pews have become theatre seats, and there are hundreds of people in the audience looking back at him.
Sherlock finally flashes the tiniest grin. “Isn’t it? Kissing may lead to feelings of sentimental attachment, which are quite a threat to one’s sanity.”
Sherlock smiles brightly at him, leaning into his touch and placing soft kisses on his inner wrist. “I am happy. Very happy.”
“Did he drag you off somewhere to question you about me?” Sherlock asks, but he already knows the answer. “I’m sorry.”
one actually supposed to do when one has just kissed his best friend—the man he loves—and said best friend didn't want to be kissed?
Sherlock’s smile grows, and they are standing so close that John can feel Sherlock’s short, irregular breaths on his face.
John continues to kiss Sherlock soundly, not stopping for a single breath as he carries them to their bedroom. It’s all the answer he needs.
But the way John's body moves into his—so certain and purposeful and firm, so tender that it aches—is this what making love is? This perfect, intimate moment that he and John have created? If so, he’s sorely misjudged it.
John's chest is filled with warmth and relief. He beams up at William, placing his hand on the breast of his coat. “Hey, you. I’m so happy you’re here.”
They both breathe heavily. This is a line they've never crossed—but they've come too far, now. Sherlock needs to know what's on the other side.
Sherlock fully vacates himself from the conversation. He feels that intolerable sensation in the pit of his stomach again. And this time, his pain must be apparent, because John immediately falls silent.
to say no. So I told myself that it was simple, uncomplicated. No meeting beyond these walls, but most importantly: no sentimental attachments.”
John said that. Six weeks of feigned words of adoration from his lips, the same lips he's kissing him with, and he's never said those words: "I swear to you.” Not until tonight.
He’s just learned from his doctor that he'll be going home tomorrow. The reality of the situation has finally caught up with him. It's his last night here, and he's going to have to figure out how to tell Sherlock.
"And married couples, once they exchange rings—" his voice drops low. "What normally happens after that?"
Sherlock closes his eyes and lowers his head, willing himself to go back to sleep--so that the time passes quickly, and he doesn’t have to hear Moriarty’s voice.
Sherlock’s words are dizzying, but as he stammers and shifts in his seat, John can't help but admire another side of Sherlock he rarely sees—timid. It's rather adorable.
On his way home, he sits in the back of the cab, idly scrolling through his phone. He comes across the photographs he took the night before behind The Strand, of the letters “IOU” scrawled down the door in blood-red letters.
“It will be good to have you home," Sherlock says, quickly changing the topic. “Baker Street has missed you.”
Sarah fidgets at the steering wheel, tapping her leg nervously. “After my shift ended one night, I bought him a drink at the bar to thank him. His name was Nicholas. We chatted a bit; he was incredibly charming, and as I’d suspected, incredibly wealthy. I don’t remember how we got onto the topic of my mother, but he expressed his sympathy towards the situation. As he was leaving, he hugged me, gave me his business card, and told me that he’d like to talk soon about helping her.”
"You and me, Sherlock." Moriarty whispers. "Together. That's all I ever wanted. For as long as we both had eyes and ears and brains. But you quickly grew to outshine me, and you had no reason to stay. But there was nobody else like us, darling. I just wanted you to see that; I wanted you to feel it too."
John tries to convince himself he’s lucked out. That he won’t be alone tonight after all—so he should be happy. But this does nothing to soothe the tightness in his chest, or the knots in his stomach, or the stinging grief of knowing where he will not be.
Sherlock gently tilts John’s head to one side, and then to the other. “Are you aware of how lovely you are?”
John kisses Sherlock tenderly on the crown of his head and asks him to lie on his back. Sherlock complies, his eyelids falling closed as he bites his lip in anticipation.
She laughs again—and it’s radiant. “That’s the one. Alright, cutie. I'll wait here. See you in a few.”
After that, he hears the voices of medics chattering as he boards the ambulance, and more chattering as he goes in and out of surgery. This is real. They tell him that his husband will meet him in his hospital room. This is a dream. And a strange one, at that. He may have suffered a head injury, but he’s certain he would remember if he were married.
He looks back over at her. She’s in a deep sleep, breathing heavily. He feels a bit guilty for going into this situation without telling her, but he’s got no other choice. And he's certain that if she knew the reason, she’d understand.
Sherlock looks up at him. "I think safari would be interesting. Besides, someone should go along with you. Protect you from the wild bears."
is undeniably exhilarating. Raw. Erotic, even. And the more of Sherlock he gets, the more Sherlock wants to give.
This is their first time kissing outside of Baker street—it feels raw, amorous, and sort of dangerous. And though it’s urgent and brimming with passion, Sherlock has many new sensations to catalogue, so he thoroughly intends to take his time.
"Hm." John playfully runs his tongue over his own bottom lip. “I’d like to try it in the cocktail before making a final decision."
"You were afraid.” John squeezes his hand—softly this time. “Afraid of leaving me alone after I got hurt, so you did what you had to in order to stay with me. And it worked in your favour once you got here, because nobody questioned your presence."
Sherlock doesn't drink wine often, but when he does, the world becomes warmer and fuzzier than the jumper John is wearing.
"So you've said." John's eyes glimmer with amusement, but Sherlock definitely isn't looking, so he wouldn't know.
“God, you're perfect," John says as he makes love to him, in a dozen different ways, in so many words.
"Well. First..." Sherlock curls his fingertips beneath the fold of the towel. "I would remove this."
“John. John, John, John.” Sherlock sniffles, gracefully wiping the tears from his face. “I—I don’t know how to respond. I mean you, you should know that I feel—I’m also… I mean…”
"Oh, hello, boys!" Mrs. Hudson swings the door open. She wears a short black wig and a 1920's speakeasy getup. "Come in! Everyone will be thrilled to see your…erm...costume." Her face noticeably drops. "What are you two supposed to be, then?"
John lays his head on his chest, circling his arms around his waist. “William,” he exhales. “Why are you so sad?”
John bursts into laughter again. “He did, didn’t he? I sort of wanted to punch him in that snarky mouth of his.”
Sherlock feels a rush of blood flowing to his face and ears. John is using his Captain Watson voice, and when he pulls out that trick, Sherlock can’t follow orders quickly enough. He bites his lip to keep from responding “Yes, Captain," and flops down onto his back.
When John comes to, he’s lying on a cold floor in a small fluorescent room with yellowing walls and no windows, and he’s got no way of telling how much time has passed.
"Not at all." John gives him an affirming smile. "I was embarrassed. Mortified. Because I thought you—Look. I told you before, Sherlock. I'm fine with whatever you want, and I meant that."
memories exactly; they're more like a state of infinite awareness—of every life, every moment in time, every universe in which he and Sherlock have lived. And there are thousands and thousands and thousands. He sees Buckingham Palace, of course, and the pool, and John’s wedding, and the Victorian flat—but there are countless other memories as well. In some, John is a medic during a war in Afghanistan, or in Iraq, or in Vietnam, or in worlds he doesn’t even recognise. In some, he and Sherlock are parents. A baby girl—or sometimes, it’s a boy, or sometimes both. Sometimes, John and Sherlock even give birth themselves. In some memories, they simply have different occupations; surfers, tennis players, actors, park rangers, detectives. In others, they’re mythological creatures; vampires or mermaids or faeries. They're pirates. They're Greek gods. They're alpha and beta and omega. They're pansexual, homosexual, bisexual, cis, and trans. Like Sherlock said—everything imaginable.
A hospital. Bruises. Broken bones. Medicine. Monitors. Doctors. A pretend marriage; a love that was not pretend. Kisses. Holding hands. Making love.
He finally allows his touch to roam downwards, fingers trickling back and forth over John's shoulders. "What would you have me do?" he murmurs, sliding his thumb over John's collarbones. "If I were your husband."
Sarah asks John how he’s feeling, and John replies that he could probably use a bit of a distraction.
“Mm, yes,” Irene murmurs. “I’ll ride your face so hard that you won’t be able to breathe. I’m going to bury you into me, rock my hips and rub my clit over your mouth, and you will fuck me with your tongue until I come, screaming. And once you’ve made me come once, I will keep fucking you until I come again, and again, and again, until I decide you can breathe again.”
“You—you told us all that you’ve changed,” he says. “That you wanted to save others from people like you.” It’s a benign statement, far from the seething words on the tip of his tongue—but he’s buying time. Soon, Mycroft will know something is wrong, and the police will arrive.
John nuzzles against his shoulder, sending a shiver of pleasure through his body. “Yeah. Okay. So here's the thing, Sherlock." He clears his throat, which is an adorable habit he has before saying something he believes to be profound. “I love you. You are...without a doubt, the most brilliant man I’ve ever met. But you’re so much more than that. You’re also brave, and you’re wise, and you’re kind. See, you...you sometimes wear this mask, you know, to keep people from getting close to you, to knowing who you really are. But for some reason, you never wore that mask around me. I suppose that means you trusted me. And I feel incredibly lucky for that. Because I got to know the real you: the man who loves fiercely, and who fights to do what is right, even when it’s not easy.”
"Not the best idea, John. Your muscles have atrophied from bed rest, and you lack the ability to use seventy-five percent of your limbs." Sherlock regards him for a moment. "I could probably lift you.”
“I O U." John touches the door curiously; running his fingers over the letters. “The paint is dry,” he remarks. “But I'm absolutely certain this wasn’t here a week ago.”
"Yeah. I was born and raised in a small suburb right outside of Vegas. Should we call the number, then?"
Sherlock stops typing. He looks up, and the two men gaze at one another adoringly over John’s stolen keyboard.
Tucked away in their usual corner, their time at Angelo's provides the two of them their most intimate moments. Never a lull in conversation, no frenzied house guests competing for their attention. Sherlock looking at him from across the table with fondness, as though he's the only other person in the restaurant—or maybe even the world.
Afterwards, he challenges William to a game of pool. William pokes fun at him for the way he holds the cue; John teases him for taking a thousand years between plays.
"This is...it's a possibility I would like to entertain.” His voice is low and deep. "And I think...perhaps you would like to as well."
"Wait a moment." He shakes his head. "There's no reason for you to become involved in all this, Gab."
"It's not me you'll need to convince." John nods towards the door to the hospital corridor. "It's them. The nurses. The doctors. The residents. Even the custodians—you
“Pretend sex, you mean?” Molly's attention shifts behind him as she waves Mrs. Hudson over. "And no," she blatantly lies. "She called me a little bit ago and asked what I was up to, and, erm—I told her I was on my way to dinner, and she insisted on joining!" She chuckles nervously. "You know how headstrong she can be!"
John climbs on top of Sherlock’s body with his back facing him, his cock tickling Sherlock’s lips. As John takes Sherlock into his mouth, he feels the other man’s lips seal around his own hardness, and he nearly comes that very instant. Miraculously, he’s able to pull himself together.
Sherlock twitches out of his trance, his hand flying up to swat the side of his face as though a fly has landed there.
She rolls her eyes at him and swats him on the arm, just as a car rolls up outside and honks its horn.
William’s face softens, and he bites lightly at his bottom lip. “I suppose I owe you a debt of gratitude for attempting to save my life earlier.”
“CBD regulates imbalances in the endocannabinoid system,” Molly continues. “Helps the neurotransmitters do their job. Takes the edge off for people with anger issues. Oh, I’m very tired.” She yawns. “Must be the marijuana, too. Goodnight!” She turns back away from him and lays her head on her hands.
“Jack the Ripper,” Brook responds with a smile. “It’s inconclusive, of course, but it’s fun to think about.” He gestures towards his desk. “Want to join me?”
John couldn’t agree more. He takes the index card, slips it into the pages of the book, and tucks the book beneath his shoulder.
Sherlock holds him tightly. “You’ve got nothing to apologise for. It’s alright, John. It’s alright. We will be alright.” He repeats the words, knowing how much John needs them, and he strokes John's hair as he cries into his chest.
John’s first day back home, much like his first day in hospital, is a blur of semiconscious memories and fuzzy moments. He dreams of having a fancy steak dinner. He dreams of running a marathon, his legs fully healed. He dreams of Sherlock kissing him, his lips as soft as snow.
“It’s mutual.” Though not ideal, either, John supposes. But as they pull up to the kerb next to 221 Baker Street, he feels a rush of happiness to be there, and he supposes it might not be all bad.
He sends the message and waits; thirty-four seconds go by with no response. He follows up with a second message.
Sherlock inhales deeply. “I was just thinking the same.” He exhales. “About you, I mean. Not about myself."
John opens his wallet and places twenty-five dollars onto the table. “The drink was fantastic, I’ll give you that. But not quite enough for me to overlook the shitty service.” He stands, collecting his scarf and coat from the seat next to him.
”Ummmmmm...” John eyes the mugs, but doesn’t answer. Instead, he picks it up and takes a sip. Because after tonight, he really doesn’t know the answer to that question.
But Sherlock's too proud for that. He leans over, holding a hand next to his face to keep Mrs. Hudson from hearing, and whispers into Molly’s ear:
Sherlock stomps his feet tempestuously. "For God's sake, I will visit the station tomorrow, with bells on, and sign the bloody document! Just leave us—"
“Oh.” John presses his lips together. "I actually didn't think that far. I really was just trying to mess with you."
"Talk later. It's time to practice." Sherlock seals his mouth eagerly over his, and John isn't about to start saying no to him now.
?” John barks at her. “You killed him, you vile, eroded shell of a person! You will pay for what you’ve done to him. There are people out there who will find you, and they will not let you live.”
“No!” John exclaims. “No. I would never...I bumped into her by accident, and she got angry, and I yelled at her a bit, but I was only trying to—” John remembers Gabriela, and he pulls himself up to his feet. “My friend. I was trying to help my friend. I think she’s in danger. Please, let me go so I can find her.”
Showing how you feel is often easy. But the feelings don't gain life until you give them a name. And no matter how much you may regret what comes of that, there is no way of shoving those words back into your mouth.
John has never wanted to punch a man so badly in his life. How dare he detain him for no reason, interrogate him—and now, he’s got to know his business with Sherlock?
Before Sherlock can answer, rain begins to pour from the sky in big, heavy drops. It's all the answer John needs.
"No clue." Anderson stuffs his phone into his pocket. "She's so unpredictable, you know? One moment she's got her hands all over me." He gestures towards the two of them. "Like you two. And the next, she's sending me passive aggressive texts."
He is drowsy, and the back of his neck feels stiff and cold, the skin of his arms and legs sore. Slowly, however, it begins to register that he is tied to a wall, and his limbs have been bound together.
Sherlock takes him by the shoulders, looks him deeply in the eye, and smiles at him affectionately. “Could you pass me your laptop?"
John’s hips lift involuntarily from the ground, and it occurs to him how badly he’s aching to be touched. He slides his hand below his waist and takes his twitching cock into his hand, still keeping up with every movement as William rides his tongue.
As they approach Mrs. Hudson’s flat, John appears to consider the size of his balls and wires. "Not sure if we'll both fit through the door at the same time, Sherlock. Or, you know...fit anywhere at the same time.”
John's kissing Sherlock because Sherlock asked him to, and he can't say no to the taste of his honey-sweet lips. John's kissing him as if he's waited to kiss him forever, and forever felt far more likely, but he's grateful that forever has turned into now.
“Mrs. Hudson." John bends forwards and peers into her eyes. Then, he turns to Molly and does the same. "...do these brownies have cannabis in them?"
They fall into bed together, just as Sherlock dreamt they would. There is touching, and kissing, and heat, and sighs of adoration.
“Insufferable as usual, and far too loud and opinionated for someone who’s got no clue what they’re talking about.” Sherlock strolls casually into the room holding two steaming cups of hot tea. “I suggest you quit talking, Mycroft. And quit antagonising John before I pour this hot water down the front of that hideous suit.”
That said, there’s no drama herein. This is all fun, completely silly and ridiculously fluffy. So I hope you enjoy!
As the two friends exit The Strand, John notices that William is no longer behind the bar—but he thinks he sees puffs of cigarette smoke coming in through an open window.
John lifts his hand, extending his fingers as far as they'll go. "I believe we're supposed to put them on for each other."
?" Sherlock peers into the kitchen from the sofa, nose crumpled, wiping his curls from his sweat-dampened forehead. He hasn't looked up from his laptop for two or three hours. "Why would you
So he looks at his lips instead. That’s perfectly acceptable, right? Except, of course, for the inevitability of his urge to kiss John, which is inconvenient given the circumstances, especially when John just kisses him back.
He then removes his own shirt. "I'll use this to dry you off from the rain," he explains as he folds it in half.
“I thought about it. And I decided it would be best that I stay here,” Sherlock explains. “This way, I’m around if you need anything. Also, I lied. The sofa is very, very uncomfortable.”
But John knows; he knows how madly in love he is. He also knows that at best, Sherlock loves him as a friend. But that’s an issue for Future John to deal with. For the time being, he’ll focus on healing and on being an adequate pretend husband.
“She’s right,” Marci says. “We’re all in this together, now. And we’re going to protect Sherlock, and we’re going to protect John, and things will turn out okay in the end.”
“So, tell me then—" John tilts his head inquisitively, and Sherlock can't help but get a bit giddy when he looks at him like that. "—how are you going to convince everyone here that you’re a fantastic husband?”
Apparently, their final destination is the floor. That’s perfectly alright. Although John wants to take his time and savour the moment, he’s not about to waste another second trying to make it to the other room when he could spend that second making love to Sherlock.
Yes, there's definitely something in the space between them tonight. Something hypnotic. Something Sherlock can't quite name. But although these abnormalities definitely drove him mad just hours before—he thinks he may actually have come to crave them. At the very least, he's got no interest in fighting it.
This is how he finds himself at the bar’s entryway door, and this is how he meets Molly Hooper. And this is how he learns that she’s in love with William.
yet. And now that you’ve carelessly allowed yourself to fall in love, I cannot wait to rip the two of you apart.”
But before he rests, John has got to shower. So he fights back his exhaustion, steps into the tiny stall, and turns the tap as hot as it will go. He lets himself enjoy the water that pours over his body, washing off whatever remains from the day—all of the dirt and grime and blood and emotions and death.
"But don’t you think maybe you should check?” asks the brain. “Just to make sure that nothing has changed. Because you kissed.”
"Sherlock?" Brook opens the door in a daze, wearing a cotton shirt and boxers, hair mussed from sleep. "Is everything alright?"
He peeks down at the clothes he’s currently wearing. Nothing out of the ordinary; a silk shirt and grey slacks, impeccable and neatly-pressed. He’s fairly certain that his hair is mussed after having clutched it in frustration during his research, and that his five o’clock shadow has reached an eight or a nine.
It goes exactly how he suspected. His friends are all liars. Except for John, who just keeps looking over at him and smiling. He knows Sherlock can read him like a book, so there’s no point.
John takes in a muted breath of awe. Of course. His first night here. The kiss he thought could only be a dream. He ought to have known that such a kiss could have been real with Sherlock—the man he so deeply loves.
There’s an old saying that in the final moments before our deaths, our lives flash before our eyes. John’s not sure if he believes that.
But before he begins, he takes a moment to brace himself. He closes his eyes and breathes. He listens.
Sherlock's breath hitches. He blinks at him. "Whatever noises I'm making are simply a direct result of your touch."
John’s pauses again. “Figured what out?” Sensing that William knows much more than he does about Sarah’s rendezvous, he braces himself for the answer.
The Woman covers his mouth with the palm of her hand, dragging her knife over his stomach to remind him that it’s there. It’s so sharp that he might pierce his own skin with a breath too deep.
Even after they’ve made it to the bed, John clings to him—and they kiss some more, and then some more. They kiss until John is too fatigued to sit up any longer, and when that happens, Sherlock lays John's body back, and his head onto the pillow, and he ensures he’s got plenty of blankets.
‘Tis All Hallows’ Eve—fete of fabrication and fright. A peculiar holiday fueled by stories of ghosts, barrages of candy, and labyrinths of corn. When children and adults (and the occasional domesticated animal) roam the boulevards, assuming false identities and partaking in Satanic rituals. But tonight, things at 221 Baker Street are even more spine-chilling than a rotting gourd with carved-out human features.
John says nothing. But when she opens her arms to offer an embrace, he pulls her in immediately. They stand there, silent, until the crowd begins to die down.
John feels an unbidden heat climbing up his neck.  “I—I don’t know.” Suddenly, he feels timid. “Would you like to tell me?”
John pulls his arm away with all his force, turning back to face her. “Fucking hell!” he snaps at her. “Are you insane?”
So, as always, I appreciate your patience and for reading even though the posting is irregular. Much love to you and may you be as happy as Sherlock's hair follicles when John is touching them <3
John eventually becomes conscious of Sherlock’s breathing patterns as they grow uneven, and he feels tiny drops of moisture as he glides his fingertips over his cheekbone.
"Got it!" Sherlock finally says. He takes in a deep breath. "Alright. Tell me what I'm thinking of, John."
John looks back up at Gabriela, paranoid that she may suspect something, but she carries on with her book, unaware.
“Molly. Please.” Sherlock holds his hand up, an attempt to block any further observations. He feels acute regret for all he's taught her in the field of deduction. "I came here to work. Not to gossip.” He coughs pointedly before continuing. “…Judging by the imprints in the lesions on his neck, the apparatus was something with rough, stiff fibres...a towel, perhaps? And yes, John and I did kiss, and it was fantastic."
Finally, with the letter still open, he begins to nod off. He stirs, gathering only enough energy to fold it and return it to the bedside table.
Attempting to regain composure, he settles in to something he greatly enjoys: listening to Sherlock talk. And talk. And talk. Few people know how endlessly Sherlock rambles when he’s excited, and
Gabriela ignores him, squinting at him suspiciously. “Are you booking The Woman on the website under your own name?”
"Yes." Sherlock's answer comes quickly. "I think...perhaps it could use a doctor's touch." No. Did he actually say that aloud? He wishes he could melt into the sofa.
Donovan regards Sherlock and John with her typical Look of Disdain, appearing not to notice that the two of them are practically frotting atop a flimsy table.
John doesn’t wait for a reaction—he storms off to the restroom, swings open the door, and pulls his shirt off over his head. Still fuming, he leans over the sink, pulls a handful of towels from the dispenser, and begins scrubbing angrily at the stain on his shirt.
John's gaze burns into Sherlock, creeping up his neck and setting his cranium ablaze, which leads him to deduce even faster than usual. Meanwhile, he wonders how he can miss John's lips so greatly—lips that he's only NOT been kissing for an hour.
Sherlock is no longer next to him. At the foot of the bed stands a tall, prim man donning a bespoke grey suit and a superfluous umbrella.
A murder case, to be exact—their first as a couple. A murder case that he and John plan to embark on soon, although they haven’t yet made it past the bottom of their staircase. Captured inside this perfect moment, Sherlock kisses John against the wall, legs pressed between his.
“Yes.” Growing ever more impatient, Sherlock wraps every limb at his disposal around John’s body. "Now." He kisses the top of his head. “Have sex with me.”
John trickles another slow half-circle, and, without warning, thrusts himself in as deeply as he can. William cries out, biting his bottom lip hard enough to make it bleed.
In the center of the room is a large booth with a circular table. On the table, an unopened bottle of Cabernet is placed next to two empty glasses.
"I'm making macarons," John announces, retrieving a tray of somewhat burnt—albeit perfectly shaped—confections from the oven.
"Sherlock?" John looks down at him, poised with concern. He's got one hand placed firmly on Sherlock's shoulder, and the other is cradling his head.
His head is spinning. He feels like he’s falling through the mattress. His entire body is jelly, and—
The corners of her mouth turn upwards an infinitesimal amount; barely detectable from where John stands. It’s the only hint of emotion she’s shown since pulling the trigger. “I’m not afraid of Mycroft. And do you think that you’re the first to proclaim such a thing? That I’ll pay for what I’ve done? I’ve heard the same threat, many, many times. And here I am—still standing.”
Molly halts what she’s doing and peeks up at him quizzically through her goggles. “Does he typically sleep in your bed?”
John’s eyes flutter open, and the first thing he sees is Sherlock next to him. He’s already awake, smiling at him like a man in love.
Over the following days, William crosses John’s mind more than he would like—inevitably stirring up a confusing mixture of rage and pining. Ugh. He hates everything about him, but he can’t shake him off. So he convinces himself that it’s not worth dwelling over, because there’s no way he’s getting involved with someone who sends such mixed signals. He’s done with that.
John cowers at first; he has very few reasons to believe Sherlock won't hit him. But he stops just in front of John, his face and body softening a bit. “John.” His voice softens as well, but he’s still afraid. “You’re well?”
Sherlock lowers himself, pulling John closer, spreading his knees further apart. He trails his tongue along the inside of John’s thigh, alternating between licks and kisses in a way that’s nearly torturous. He flattens his tongue against John’s opening and pushes, sending John into another plane altogether, and his hips straight up into the air. Sherlock isn’t deterred: he slides his hands up John’s thighs and past his hipbones, firmly pressing him back down into the bed as his tongue continues to push into him.
jealousy at this point seems inevitable. But why should it be? Whether or not William is into that—or her—who can blame him? She’s clearly a beautiful, very sexy woman who would know how to treat a man in the bedroom.
new. Or is it? No. It’s not new, Sherlock realises. Sherlock is just an idiot—perhaps an even bigger idiot than John, and that’s quite profound.
As he steps over to join his friend for dinner, a wave of warmth courses through his body, and he wonders if the wine is already kicking in.
Sherlock removes his coat and lays it carefully out on the table. Crossing his arms over his chest, he nods towards the pair of crutches propped up against John's bed.
Sherlock swallows thickly again, taking both of John's hands. "Good. Now come with me; I've got somewhere I want to take you."
“I’m not done talking, William.” John drops his arms to his sides. “You know what? Actually, I get it. You think just because you’re charming, you can go through life walking over everyone else, and they’ll simply line up to be stepped on.”
Sherlock hears John's footsteps across the floor as he walks towards him. He smells his musky John-scent, somehow lovelier than it was before being trapped in a tiny cabin for three weeks.
Glancing up briefly from his phone, he notices William looking over, hands on his hips, tapping his foot impatiently. He wants John to leave. But John is nothing if not stubborn, and he doesn’t have the capacity for any more bullshit tonight. So he lifts his glass from the bar and points to it. “I’ll have another one, please.”
I would love to be posting chapters with regularity, but although I've tried, it's not happening. I have been busy with school (I'm studying coding languages) and running my business, among other things. My inspiration is just too unpredictable for me to predict when I'll update. And when I try to set outlines, it seems to stifle me (hence the writer's block).
Sherlock looks him in the eye, and John can feel himself sweating as he pins him with his gaze. “Alright, then.”
be holding hands before we go inside," Sherlock advises. “And we cannot let go of one another thereafter; it will ruin the costume. Understood?”
"I know you must have had a good reason for creating this scenario," John continues. "I'm just trying to figure out what it is."
John pulls a hand from behind his back, smiling mischievously. "Look at what I found in the cellar."
It's the only thing that makes sense. He picks up Sherlock's book—The Science of Deduction—and he points to a quote from the back.
"Good." Sherlock smiles into his neck and works on unzipping John's trousers. Kisses John's neck, his Adam's apple, his jaw; digs his fingers into John's hipbones.
“Please.” Sherlock moves to the edge of the bed and pulls John back down next to him. “I realise I haven’t handled this situation gracefully. And that perhaps my explanation was unclear.”
“Oi.” John punches the proton back. ”Sherlock, perhaps we ought to put away the costumes for a bit?”
“Alright.” The man draws playful circles with his thumb near John’s pulse point. “Then I will simply inform you that you’re in the best seat at the bar, having ordered nothing. And the longer you sit here without ordering, the more of my time you waste. So if you could order immediately, it would be quite convenient. Otherwise, I must request you take your little peep show elsewhere.” He exhales a final breath on John’s neck before pushing himself away.
"Wow." Gabriela exhales, blowing a wisp of dark hair from her face. "So are you gonna book the appointment with The Woman?"
Sherlock has been sharing his bed with John since the day he came home. This is indisputably for medical reasons.
He kisses as though he's waiting for John to take lead. But John won't. Not this time. For now, Sherlock is calling the shots.
John sweeps his fingers relentlessly through Sherlock’s hair as the two of them work off their trousers; he bites his bottom lip, releasing a shaky sigh of anticipation. He peppers Sherlock with tender kisses; his dexterous fingers filling him with warmth as he stretches him open. After one final kiss, Sherlock wraps his legs around him, sliding over him like a glove.
But he still can’t find a reason. Why now, John? Why tonight, John? So he just drinks and eats and chats and wonders and wonders and wonders.
Heather doesn’t write John back, and a week later, she's holding hands with Nick Parker again, and kissing him with her orange sherbet lips.
“John,” he says between panting breaths. “My love. You are both my greatest pleasure and my deepest thrill. You take my breath away. I adore you.”
"What do you mean?!" Sherlock huffs. "Am I to understand that you just...assume kissing is something John and I do? As if we're just some...
“Sherlock doesn’t have an umbrella,” John says aloud, for some reason, reckoning he can catch up with him before he gets too far. He flies out the door and down the stairwell, grabbing an umbrella on his way. He flings open the front door, and runs outside into the pouring rain, and—
Sherlock watches him go, delighted that he is still entirely naked. In fact, he watches him very, very closely. Studies him, really. Every move. And John is giving him quite a bit of material to work with, so he keeps his eyes fixed on him until he’s out the door.
Oh, dear. Sherlock feels a bit warm and a little fuzzy. And his eyes are very blurry. Is he going blind? He's probably going blind. And he's fairly certain he's stopped breathing altogether. Or perhaps his heart has simply stopped beating. Apparently, his body is shutting down. It’s fine.
That they won't return to Baker Street as flat mates and friends and nothing more. Friends who aren't married—not even pretend married. Friends who don't kiss. Friends who don't hold hands, or bring one another to ecstasy.
"Hopefully not—there’s no way to know for sure. But the book led me to The Woman's identity," John replies.
“Morning.” She smiles warmly at him and leans forward to give him a kiss on the cheek. “Get in. Let’s deliver you to your love.”
Once out of Sherlock’s bed on this particular Sunday, things feel very different, yet most things remain the same. They carry on with their mornings and afternoons as before: toast and tea for breakfast, John’s shift at the clinic, Sherlock solving crimes all day like the divine intellectual that he is.
But Sherlock doesn’t do that, either. His eyelids drift half-shut, and he leans into John’s touch like some type of house cat, meeting his thumb with a barely-there graze of his tongue.
John’s mind is blank as he tries to process what’s happening. “Yeah, good. You? Is Sherlock with you?”
John’s mouth falls open involuntarily. He thinks he might punch William in the face. Or maybe not. Maybe his face is too pretty for that. Maybe he’ll go for the chest. Or maybe he’ll kiss the hell out of those plump, intoxicating lips of his, just to shut him up. But he does none of those things. Instead, he watches silently as William disregards him, and the beautiful raven-haired woman takes him by the arm.
“If you'll excuse me for a moment,” Sherlock says, “I'm going find Angelo and thank him. I'll meet you outside, alright?"
married!" Sherlock emphasises. "John, I do think it's important for you to understand the difference."
“We’ll keep you in the loop,” Lestrade assures them. “If you need me, Sherlock has my number. Meanwhile, get some rest. We'll return tomorrow morning with updates."
His gaze flickers to the bottle of vodka, and he wraps his fingers around William's wrist. “More of that, please.”
Sherlock grins back at him somewhat sheepishly. "You’re alright?" he asks. Leave it to John Watson to bring him to the point of coquettishness while wanting to do utterly obscene things to him.
Before he's even opened his eyes, Sherlock feels John brush his lips against his crown of curls. But the moment his eyelids flutter open, he's reminded of the previous night's misgivings.
He pushes forwards, digging his elbows into John’s chest, trying to wriggle his body past him. But he does. Not. Move.
safety—how can you guarantee your own? How certain can you be that you’ll always be around to save him?”
(John swears a lot when he comes. Sherlock already knows this, because the walls in their flat are thin. And today, he's saying some of the filthiest things Sherlock has ever heard come out of his mouth, and it’s fantastic.)
John nods, though his face is still buried deeply in Sherlock's chest, so he doesn't do it with a great range of motion; Sherlock will, however, accept his response.
"I want you," he says against the shell of John's ear. His voice is sweeter than buttercream. "That's as much as I know. And I know that right now, I have an overwhelming desire to be close to you. And I want to take you to bed. I want to give you pleasure you've never even fathomed, John Watson." He brings his fingers to John's trouser buttons and pauses. "May I do that?"
His heart is tugging him in another direction, however. He finds himself longing to take a drink with John.
"So I suppose, erm—" Sherlock tucks his chin, his eyes flitting down to his own wedding band, and then quickly away— "You’ll go back to Baker Street, then. And everything will return to normal."
“Mary.” John surges forward and wraps his arms around her shoulders. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
Then, he remembers what she shared with them earlier: her new purpose. Her endeavour to redeem herself after years of hurting others. Still—he’s not sure that he can accept her offer. He doesn’t think he’s willing to risk the life of anyone else that Sherlock holds dear.
"I told him I've dealt with problems in past relationships," he answers, "but I haven't gone into great detail."
William brushes their lips together. “There may be clouds hiding them from view,” he says. “...but that doesn't mean they aren't there.”
"John," Sherlock chokes out, his heart racing at full speed. “Oh, god.” He throws his arms around John’s shoulders and pulls him close. "You're here."
And Irene, for that matter: Molly said Irene has quite a lucrative career as a professional escort—but that she works at the bar for fun.
"Hello, John. You are more—" Sherlock kneels down to retrieve his water bottle. "—unsheathed than usual."
Tears of joy sting the corners of Moriarty’s eyes. A smile tugs at his lips, uncontainable; a breath of laughter vibrates his ribcage.
John wants his heart to slow down—but he doesn’t know where this conversation is going, or if it will leave his heart intact or shatter it to pieces. So he simply listens, hoping William will quickly get to the point.
“That’s the first time I’ve heard you call me that,” Sherlock finally acknowledges, the rise and fall of his chest the only movement he makes. “My real name.”
John makes a low, surprised moan deep in his throat, but inhales into the kiss, wrapping both arms around Sherlock's waist in a manner that's deliciously possessive.
That’s when it occurs to him that Stamford is still waiting. He curses to himself, splashes water on his face, and throws on his shirt before returning to the table.
A surge of warmth swells in John’s chest as he catches on. “It either means you’re fond of me...or you’re simply being polite.”
Their first murder investigation (together, as boyfriends) takes place at a small theatre off West End. The two of them are a tad bit late—John would not take his lips off Sherlock for long enough to get through the front door. But once they finally arrive, they find that much of New Scotland Yard has dispersed, a fact which leads Sherlock to regret ever appearing on time.
He moves his hands upwards, over John’s stomach and to his nipples. John moans as Sherlock plays with the hard pink skin, pinching and squeezing and flicking, never once ceasing the work of his tongue. He moans passionately against John, and John can feel the deep vibrations of his voice against himself.
After about five minutes of William blatantly ignoring him, he finally gives into his vexation. “Oi!” He calls out. “I’ve been waiting for—”
John unfolds his arms and sets his hands onto his own hips, dragging his tongue over his bottom lip. “Have I ever mentioned you’re kind of adorable when you’re angry?”
With sugar and caffeine bringing them back into the land of the living, they decide to call the number they found on the index card.
Sherlock, who is only twenty himself, never tires of hearing praise for his academic accomplishments. But for the praise to come from Brook—someone he so greatly admires—is an honour he wasn’t expecting.
“We’ll leave you now, though." Lestrade, as always, is highly skilled at knowing when to intervene. He sets a hand on Mycroft’s shoulder and nods. “Bye, you two. Try and get some rest.”
“Wait just one damn moment,” John interjects. “You didn’t expect me to be here, you said? But... the only reason I’m here at all is because of the clues that led me to you.”
He raises an eyebrow out of curiosity, but reaches into his pocket and hands it to her. She takes it, presses a few of the buttons, and passes it back.
“No.” John’s thoughts are too intrusive to be deterred by the abstract. “Actually, the doctor in me is dying to know how you got that concussion. Should you even be driving?”
Sherlock sinks back down over him, setting the bottle of lube down onto the bed. He brushes a kiss to John's forehead and then to his lips. "You'll probably want to hold on," he says with a quirk of his eyebrow.
“Say it,” Sherlock repeats. Whether it’s real or pretend, whether it’s wrong or right, whether it’s utterly insane: he needs to hear the words.
Unexpectedly, Moriarty cowers away from him. "You said it. That as long as there are people in the world committing murders, that you hoped we would...It was the only way...I didn't want to lose you."
There is, indeed, a trunk full of bills hidden beneath the floor. However, it’s all Bolivian peso, a form of currency that’s been obsolete since 1986.
Gabriela laughs. "I mean, we don't go crazy. But as long as we're open about it, we trust one another. And at the end of the day..." she takes Sarah's hand. "She's the one."
All of the blood seems to rush from William’s face, and he goes pale and silent. He sighs. “I’m not entirely sure how to answer that, John.”
Everything feels unfamiliar, actually. Sherlock’s hand lays between the two of them, and it feels so unnatural for John not to take it. Before, it would have been completely unnatural to do so. Here they are, stuck somewhere in the middle.
“No.” Exasperated, John unwraps himself from Sherlock and stands, dusting off his jacket. His stature turns serious and soldier-like, sexy and protective and a tad angry—Sherlock loves it. "We did not."
The night is crisp with mid-Autumn air, a steady breeze rustling Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock lives only a short walk from campus, and Brook often accompanies him when it’s late. In between, the walk is mostly silent, though Sherlock’s brain stirs excitedly over the workings of their case.
“Well, you can’t go back out right this second, dummy,” Molly laughs. “Didn’t you say you’re a Harvard med student? Aren’t you supposed to be smart?” She returns to the table, setting two mugs of coffee in front of him.
Sherlock drops his head onto his shoulder as his cock throbs with its release, and John relishes in the hot desire pouring into his hand.
How is it that nobody has ever taken him by the collar of his ridiculous coat, pressed him against a wall, and kissed him, firmly and soundly? How is it that nobody in the universe has learned the flavour of his tongue, or felt the soft hum of his enthusiasm against their lips?
As his shins pulsate with the fiery pain of having been kicked by a small man skilled in military combat, Sherlock has a brilliant idea—the best idea he's had for three whole days. He turns, facing the door to his room. "Meet me in my chambers in five minutes, John,” he instructs, dusting off the collar of his dress shirt.
John wouldn't be the first to say any of this, of course. And Sherlock wouldn't be the first to know it. So John continues to imagine what it would be like, wandering the labyrinth and plucking flowers wherever he may find them.
"Moving to the countryside to keep bees." Sherlock's answer is automatic; he's given this plan some consideration. "But not yet. I'd love to retire somewhere, perhaps Cornwall or Sussex."
He doesn't wear his own. He simply keeps it tucked away in his right trouser pocket at all times. So it doesn't get left behind if the flat burns down.
”Not at all,” Sherlock agrees, using his other hand to knock on Mrs. Hudson’s door. It’s okay if John lacks common sense. He’s still really handsome.
"Jesus Christ! Will you shut the hell up!" Another voice hollers from an adjacent building. “Do you have any idea what bloody time it is?"
John grins, wrapping his legs over Sherlock's, settling into his lap and sealing their mouths together in apology. Sherlock snakes his arms underneath his, closing the distance between their upper bodies, digging his fingernails into the slick material of John’s coat.
Still—he wasn't expecting this game of cat and mouse. Thankfully, that’s a game Sherlock never loses.
“One more thing, if I may,” John adds. Lestrade and Mycroft look up at him to listen. “It's just that...I have an older sister. She and her wife are the only family I’ve got."
His head is throbbing. He’s sober, and he’s cold and shirtless in a dark restroom, and he just wants this night to end.
The night might be young, but Lestrade is old. While most of them agree to one more activity before calling it in, Lestrade heads out because he’s got work in the morning.
"It's accurate." John places his hand on Sherlock's hip, resting it on the hem of his pyjamas. "What other animals would you protect me from while we're on safari?"
It will be here in the morning—we can pick up where we left off after your exam.” Brook stands, taking his coat. “Patience brings peace. Proverbs 15:18.”
The two men inhale, breathing each other’s names from one mouth to another. The kiss is starry-eyed and celestial, even as Sherlock's body sinks into John’s and anchors him to earth. Ethereal, yet more vivid than the earnest desire lingering at their lips. Extraordinary, yet more genuine than the palpable sense of having waited far too long.
John smiles at him again. And the moon still reflects off his hair. And his stubble is still irresistible. And his shirt is still form-fitting and soft.
He glances up at William, who has gone completely silent, but continues to exhibit quiet amusement towards the both of them.
wrong. And if Sherlock were not giving his future ex fake husband the silent treatment, he would tell him the real answer:
They pull away, their touches remaining, and they gaze at each other through the dark. Their eyes meet, and their bliss cannot be contained. They grin like madmen, as if they were two school boys who have broken the rules. They have, John thinks: Sherlock's rules.
Gabriela soon has the site up on her phone, her eyes wide as she scrolls. “Holy shit, these women are beautiful.”
The man scoffs, giving John a look of condescension. "If you're searching for Sherlock Holmes, I regret to inform you that you're out of luck." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a piece of paper. "Because you see, Mister Watson." He slides the paper across the table. "Sherlock Holmes, as the world has come to know him, is dead."
Sherlock's heart skips a beat. Again. John Watson will surely be the death of him. “Yes, John. Do that.”
John is nauseous, and dizzy, and he feels as though he’s going to collapse. How the hell does a person come down from something like that?
William rests his head on top of John’s and sighs deeply. “There is a lot that you don’t know about me, John. That you
“Nothing to get ruffled over, mate. You and Watson will have your own room." His voice grows a bit more serious. "But honestly, Sherlock. You ought to give your brother a bit of credit. Even though you might not see all of it, he's taking numerous and tedious measures to keep you alive."
He comes with a grunt, crying out John’s name. His entire body shakes, his cock throbbing, ejaculating in warm liquid spurts. And John is coming, too, swearing and burying his face into Sherlock’s shoulder as he drives himself to completion.
Sherlock softly bites his bottom lip as he drapes one leg over John's thighs, and then the other. Circling his arms around John's shoulders, he sinks into his lap.
He runs his fingers over the cool, rich, blood-red rosettes, clustered over yellow star shapes; it's even more beautiful than he remembers. Even in its plain glass vase, it's breathtaking.
“There was a mission that went horribly wrong.” Her throat tightens. "I lost everyone I cared about. I was the only one to make it out alive."
sees..." He clears his throat, his cheeks becoming a dark shade of pink. "Unless—is it customary for the groom to kiss the best man prior to his wedding ceremony?"
John feels a light thrill in his chest. There’s no way he could have fathomed Sherlock’s behaviour that night, but now he understands. He did grow a bit possessive himself when he saw Irene and Sherlock chatting at the bar. And at the time, he didn’t understand it either.
They lie there for a time, in comfortable, intimate silence—nothing like the awkwardness they experienced before.
He decides he should go. But as he turns to leave, the lights go off again, masking the room in blackness. In a few seconds, they turn back on.
I’d been following the course of the case in my spare time, and after the fifth murder case, I had a revelation.
Nothing like that has happened before. It's slightly bewildering. John has touched him, of course, incidentally—a light tap on the shoulder. Tugging at his sleeve. Plucking twigs from his coat lapels after a stakeout in the woods. But never has it lingered. Never has it been deliberate. Never has it been gentle.
The two men continue kissing as Sherlock spins their bodies back towards the bed, and as he kicks the chair out of their way, and as he carefully kneels to settle John in.
All he knows is that the man he loves more than anything in the universe is in his lap, frotting against him, kissing him desperately as though he knows it will be the last time.
"The Torture Museum was at the top of my list. My parents were hesitant at first, but they had promised, so they took me. That day I observed numerous instruments that were made to perform several types of antiquated, skin-crawling acts of torture."
"So John confessed his love, and then you asked him to kiss you," Molly rehashes, "...and afterwards, you fell asleep in one another's arms."
Sherlock stops what he’s doing immediately. He looks up from his laptop, steadily meeting John’s gaze, and he smiles brightly at him. “Good morning.”
Flashbacks from earlier this morning suddenly fill John’s head. Jim, the limo driver. His polite smile; the Irish accent. “Sherlock is one of my best friends,” he said.
Moral dilemmas aside, Sherlock is excited to hear of a new serial murder case to investigate. He is quite surprised to find that Brook does not feel the same.
“Me.” He extends his index finger towards John’s chest. “You.” He nods. “Sex. That is the solution."
—the very next, he’s behind the house, kneeling onto the floor of the deck. His throat is raw as if he’s already been screaming for hours. His lungs are tight—
"Oh, no," he panics. "You're not going to cry, John, are you?" He's never seen John cry. "I haven't the first clue of how to deal with a crying human," he rambles on nervously. "...especially a crying human that I love. What does one do in such a situation? Give a pat on the back? Seems quite useless, given the proximity of our penises. Am I supposed to give you a tissue or a towel? Is there not a tradition in which I offer you a shoulder? Which shoulder do you want?"
doesn't mean it wasn’t true," Mrs. Hudson adds. "You know how much I absolutely adore John, but he is the most emotionally repressed person I know. Besides you, dear."
“Oh!” Molly interjects. “Perhaps she did have a gift, and she passed it to you.” She moves over, patting the spot in front of the ouija board. “You ought to try.”
“If you're in love with him, Doctor, heed my advice: forget it. This performance may have served the two of you while you were here, but to continue beyond these doors will unquestionably be detrimental to my brother’s mental state."
He lays his head onto the pillow and stares at the ceiling, revisiting intimate images and feelings from a few hours ago. As he does, his stomach churns with regret.
Irene stands, then, at the foot of the bed, pulling Gabriela up by her hand. She turns to her, smoothing down her silk robe. “Sorry I pulled a knife on you, darling. I promise it won’t happen next time.” She coyly looks up at her beneath her long lashes. “Unless that’s what you like.”
And finally, Sherlock's eyes settle upon two framed pieces of artwork hanging over that very bookshelf: in dark wood, the words
“This was written two years ago,” John says, inhaling sharply through his nose. “I don’t give a fuck about what happened to Sherlock two years ago. I saw him just last week. Yeah. At Christmas. And I definitely wasn’t getting sucked off by a corpse. Not really my thing.”
Well. It's over. If John is going to murder him, now is his chance. But his hands feel so delightful, Sherlock supposes he'll go into it willingly.
Sherlock gawks at her, amazed at how she can go from rattling off scientific information to asleep in less than five seconds.
How is it that Sherlock Holmes, who knows an awful lot, has never known something as simple as a kiss?
He taps his pencil on the open pages of his anatomy textbook as he stares through the window. The sun is out, and the sky is bright—even as snow falls in fluffy, tranquil flakes. The fireplace crackles in the corner over low holiday music, keeping the cafe warm and peaceful. And it really is—beautiful, and peaceful, and everything that the current stirrings of his brain are not.
Overwhelmed by the urge to flee, John turns to exit the kitchen as swiftly as he can. "I'll be in the bedroom if you—right. Okay." Cowardly? Perhaps. But what
After another moment of silence, Molly and Mrs. Hudson smile and nod, murmuring their approval, and they retrieve their hands to eat their dinner.
Really, it’s so painfully obvious, so familiar, so deeply ingrained in his and John's lives that it hasn’t been a blip on their radar.
“Hmph. What else was I to do?” He rises to his feet, holding out a hand to help his friend. “You were standing very close. My nose was practically buried in your hair.”
“Boyfriend?” Sherlock has never been a boyfriend before. “I don’t know. All I know about boyfriends is what I’ve learned from all of yours. Give unsolicited advice such as ‘maybe don’t wear that blouse’ or ‘your eggplant parmesan was dry,’ and never ever ever ever ever ever ever text back.”
But she won’t allow it. “Slow down.” She grabs him by the arm, her fingernails cutting into him, pulling him back. “You nearly knocked me over there, bud.”
"I’m concerned about dropping you,” Sherlock says. “So I'm going to need to try lifting you again, if that’s alright.”
Sherlock wants to tell John that where he is at the moment, lying next to him—it feels even more home than home. Instead, he simply says: "Yes."
“John,” Sherlock responds, not entirely certain which words are about to follow. His intentions continue to oscillate between wanting to resolve their problem and avoiding the anxiety over what such a conversation might entail.
John. I have no way of knowing how long it will be before you read this. But even as I write it, I’m missing you more than I can begin to describe. It’s quite strange, actually. I feel as though I’ve spent most of my life missing you—even before I knew you.
Yet there's one thing that remains on Sherlock's mind: the kiss he and John shared during his very first night in hospital. Neither of them have brought it up. And after the fiasco with Doctor Torres, they agreed that they ought to extend the repertoire, but they’ve only continued to practice the already mastered material.
You might notice that I changed the number of chapters to “???????” Oh, lord, the anxiety. Lol. But I'm just gonna let the story tell itself. At the moment I’m planning for 3 more chapters, but we’ll see.
Sherlock closes his eyes, finding all of his strength in knowing that whatever happens, they will be together.
It’s Sherlock’s turn to burst into laughter. “You may undress me. No bruising required, unless that’s what you’re into.”
The world below them approaches, and the end of the fall begins. Sherlock whispers in John's ear that he loves him. And even through the deafening sound of the wind, he hears John say it back.
"Not at all." John finally locks eyes with him. "But I worry about what that knowledge may do to me."
John chuckles. “No. He just warned me to stay away from you. You know, the typical protective big brother speech.”
“Sorry, dear, no.” (There’s a book of them in the kitchen cupboard.) “....But I do have one of those old-fashioned Ouija Boards. We could pull that out!”
John’s not. “What if there’s a certain, I don’t know, age, and once you’ve passed that age, you’ll never be fluent in kissing?”
We talked about the weather. We talked about binary code. We talked about the Bible, and what it truly means to be saved.
John sighs with frustration. Well, whatever the truth is about Molly, she doesn’t appear to be here at the moment; and if he can't talk to her, there’s no point in being here at all.
The second murder occurred a bit over one month later: Akshaya Carmen, a thirty year-old school teacher with a similarly clean history. Like Natale, she died of asphyxiation, with trace amounts of cyanide on her lips.
Sherlock thinks he can feel his heart drop down to his stomach. “That’s...that’s all you think this is?”
Sherlock doesn't even attempt to contain the noises he's bound to make. John is in control, now, and Sherlock quite likes it.
They awaken Christmas morning on the cool hardwood floor of The Strand, still tangled in limbs and rain-dampened clothing. John’s head throbs from a hangover as he shields his face from the morning light.
“Mmm, that does sound fun,” Sherlock agrees. “And it’s something I’d consider. But for the time being, I think I simply want you to be John.”
The two men are so caught off guard by the interruption that terminating the kiss is not even an option; they’re paralysed by shock, lips and bodies still smashed and tangled together.
But the kiss ends as abruptly as it had begun, with John moving away to lock eyes with him. “Lie down on the bed again, Sherlock,” he demands. “On your back. Now.”
Sherlock moans into John’s mouth, cups his face in his hands, and kisses him back with matching enthusiasm. But in an instant, the mood shifts, and his moan transforms into an utterance of disapproval.
Sherlock glares at her. He and John shimmy through the entryway, Sherlock's hand stubbornly latched onto his. Before he can answer, however, Molly—wearing a superhero costume—leaps from the sofa to greet them.
Three desktop computers are lined up against the wall, screens gone black; they buzz and beep loudly as they switch back on. A moment later, the center one goes white, bright red letters flashing over the screen. John leans closer to read them, and his heart skips a beat once he realizes what it says.
In the morning, when John leaves, Gabriela still sleeps. He pens a note to her and places it on the counter.
Doctor Richard Brook peers up from his texts, his eyes blank and dark like a new-moon sky. At twenty-six, he is Oxford’s youngest professor—yet to most, he appears even younger.
“Thank you,” John says. Only a few weeks before, he thinks, Molly spoke of her unrequited love for Sherlock. John knows she was telling the truth about that; he remembers the way she looked at him. And it must have broken her heart for her to watch Sherlock falling for someone else. But here she is—just like Sarah and Gabriela, helping him, though she owes him nothing.
Their kiss is tender and lingering. Sherlock's hands slowly wander to John's back and beneath his shirt, untucking it from his trousers. He clings to John's bare skin, clings to John's taste, clings to the sensation of their hands on one another. And John clings to him, kisses his neck, slides his hands into his hair and over his scalp.
