about to try and teach me all over again.” For a man who often failed to understand sarcasm in others, Sherlock wielded it with good effect.
In the morning John found Sherlock, wearing either the same dark suit as the evening before or its twin, sitting at the kitchen table peering down a microscope.  Much of the kitchen appeared to have been repurposed as a laboratory.  John wondered if he’d noticed this subconsciously the previous day and it had slipped into his dream.
John had phoned Lestrade from the hospital once Sherlock had been stabilized but not since. He owed Lestrade more than that so after breakfast, he paid a visit to New Scotland Yard.
“I don’t have any, at least not yet.  Until, well, yesterday...” Had it only been that long?  “Until yesterday I hadn’t seen him for 14 years and never expected to see him again.”
Then he regained a bit more consciousness and realized that his eyes were closed.  He opened them and for good measure, tried to wipe them with one hand, only to discover that while his eyelids obeyed his will readily enough, his hands did not.  They were not bound.  They simply would not move.  Indeed, he could not voluntarily move anything below his neck.  His heart still beat, his lungs breathed, his legs supported his weight – for indeed, he was standing upon them.
“After we returned to live with Boris’ family in Tsvetovsk, things... didn’t go well.  Boris was angry all the time.  He drank too much and got even angrier when I said so.  His family blamed everything on me, the foreign wife.  When Boris began to hit me, no one would listen.”
“Yes, one of the letters is to my father, another to my sister.  I, ah, mentioned you in both.  What do you know about curing drunkenness?”
Mary held his hand while he stood at Sherlock’s grave. Then she took him home, curled around him and let him hold her in turn, let him retain the illusion of his alpha pride even when they both knew who was comforting whom. He kissed her neck. He kissed her lips. Neither of them commented on the wet spots his tears left behind on her skin.
“But now Molly knows that you had a need for omega maternity clothes, she knows the sizes and she’s met Mary. You may think Molly’s an idiot...”
to. That makes more sense, because I can’t imagine who’d want an underweight cocaine addict with an attitude problem to carry their children.”
Uilleam an t-Moireach’s clan was happy to see him again and pleased to host his comrades in arms.  They gained much laughter from the tale of young Wigginsky, who had not only had his life saved by the tsarevich but had even got to
Pale marble in the moonlit room, Sherlock moved above and within John, filling him, centering him in
They kissed for a while, both of them quickly growing bolder until Sherlock sucked gently on John’s tongue – and John’s knees gave out.
The seat next to John had been empty for perhaps half a minute when another person slid into it – a notably female person. Younger than John but not too much so.  Short blond hair, feathering around her face.  Large eyes, a pretty shade of green that wasn’t due to coloured contacts.  Wristband still pale silver.
Cheered, John stopped by to say hello to Mike, who had enough time free to take John around for introductions to other staff members he’d be working with.  Everyone was curious to learn more about John’s background, resulting in a sort of rolling group conversation that went on so long that John ended up going to lunch with his future colleagues.
John, following him, couldn’t resist giving Anderson’s crotch a look of his own, just to emphasize Sherlock’s point.
“Sherlock, have you considered the possibility that Janine just might have been an innocent woman who loved you?”
Then there was the lanky bloke from the rugby team.  He’d had completely the wrong build for rugby, but he’d been a valued team mate because he was a brilliant strategist and could run damn fast, plus he had a wicked sense of humour that had enlivened many a post-match pub meet.
“She’s a hunter, John. Going to ground was useless as a long term strategy. Instead of waiting for her to hunt me down, I set a trap.”
I apologize for my absence I have recently started up school again and don't have much time to write anymore. I am trying to get back into the swing of things again, promise. Welp hope you enjoyed!
They sat for a while just eating the rapidly cooling takeaway from down the street. Lestrade was anxious anyone could see by the way his hand was shaking as he scooped noodles into his mouth, it concerned Sherlock more than it should have. Lestrade dropped the fork and put his box aside turn to Sherlock on the bed.
“I’m sorry John.” Sherlock says quietly, hating himself for doing this but lifts John up again and starts walking up the stairs to his old bedroom.
They wrote and rewrote everything multiple times until they had something concrete and then worked on the sound. Notes and what instrument what went best until a song was formed.
Life went on as usual Sherlock still asked for cigarettes in the morning and John stillused the W.A.Y. The differences were only few but impactful ones.
“Which one?” Sherlock actually almost laughed at that, he grinned and let out a small snort stiffening the probably full throated laugh he would have let out if he had any less self control. It was a rare occurrence that Lestrade witnessed a genuine smile that hadn’t come about because of a body and even more so because he caused it, it was oddly rewarding and he found himself grinning back even when Sherlock looked away abashedly.
‘I’m right here.’ Sherlock's voice floated through his mind, velvet and sweet and yet cold and empty, mimicking the space around him. It was something he lived with, a constant presence of his cool intelligence, it didn’t help but it also didn’t make it worse.
“It wasn’t that bad. It was outdated, that's all.” John tried to reason, wincing as he heard a loud crash and looked behind him to see Sherlock come up from behind the island.
He grabbed Mycroft's arm and ran with him, Mycroft followed numbly that Greg didn’t succumb to pushing to get him to safety before he lost him too. Something crashed behind them and Greg glanced back briefly to see a car crushed by a piece of machinery from the plant.
Sherlock sighed and after a moment gave in moving towards the car with John not able to deny him anything. "Fine but I'm not responsible if you get hurt." He warned pointing a finger at Greg.
"We are both fine, Mycroft. Thank you for your concern." Sherlock ripped his hand from John's arm and helped him up.
Together they laid through the night drifting in and out of dreams, peace and the tranquility of love washing over the both of them. As they slept.
“So how was John today?” Martha asked Terry in the break room late that night. They were some of the only people that came in early and stayed late and were just cleaning up the break room for the night shift before heading out.
They stood in front looking at the building and silently Sherlock takes John's hand. "Ready?" He asked quietly.
For a moment in the brief second before John’s eyes closed to escape the emptiness around him, he could have sworn he saw a warm flat with Sherlock in the center. When he opened his eyes again only cold greeted him and John sighed, disturbing the silence and dust particles curled around him.
Just Sherlock. Living, breathing right next to him and maybe moving and speaking and smiling too. Just maybe it would be okay.
“You are sad. I know. I see.” John said stubbornly understanding something was wrong and that Sherlock wasn’t truly happy. Not even close actually. “Something is bad?”
“Don’t say addict. I’m not and never was addicted just occasionally a user. Besides those events are boring and useless, I’m not an addict like all those mind numbingly stupid people.”
Sherlock took the time to study John. For some reason he couldn’t deduce much about him, he looked to be perfectly happy with life, like someone who wasn’t confined to a single windowless room for weeks. Yet he was, what he could get was his age, younger than himself at nineteen so around seventeen or eighteen. He could tell he was hiding something by the way he kept adjusting his shirt as if something underneath it scratched against his skin. The only way he knew of John’s past was through Lestrade who unfortunately had the displeasure of being there to witness it.
"Yeah, she was doing the car thing for a while. Selling 'em you know. And bikes too. But we were fine with money mind you, we weren't starving or nothing. Me being the good older sister and everything, I did a few things here and there."
“Yes while you were at the clinic each day I worked on it. I dug out some of the old engraving as well from the top.” Sherlock said as John flipped it to get a better look.
"There's nothing to be gained from it, so I have no use for it. Just a ploy." Sherlock was already walking away, taking off the gloves and dropping them to the ground.
John woke up and Sherlock was gone, he’s not sure what else he expected. There was a problem to be solved -of course- Sherlock was already up and thinking about it. John himself was nervous as to where Jim was and what he was planning but he knew as long as he stayed with Greg and Sherlock he’d be safe.
Sherlock knew he could protect John but perhaps Mycroft could help him more than he could. He wanted what was best for him so he could get him back to normal as soon as possible. He couldn’t possibly leave John now, not after that everything. If he had time perhaps he could do this himself without Mycroft’s help that would surely have strings attached. He just needed time.
Nowhere near perfect but they fit which was all that mattered. Yet there were still missing pieces the center ones. Most important ones.
They didn't talk about it for a while. What was the point without words to describe it. Only actions were needed.
“Come on lets go before she gets all weepy.” His father said. He always understood everything he needed.
“We fine.” John says softly hugging sherlock around the neck with his petite arms, feeling his unease and wanting to sooth him if he could.
"Listen here Mr Holmes, our mom loves us and wouldn't just disappear I know it. She is a good person and parent." The red haired girl spouted off obnoxiously. Drunk once again.
“The fob watch..” John breathed out picking it up gently as if it might shatter in his hands. “I broke this months ago, how did you fix it?” He asked turning the old Victorian style watch in his hands, it was perfectly intact and ticking away as he opened it up.
"Do you think they'll be able to figure out what's happening to me?" John asked quietly sobering quickly and trying to calm down from being so nervous.
“No, it’s alright.” Sherlock looked up into John’s eyes as he spoke, as if willing him to remember. “You’re Dr John Hamish Watson, a brilliant army doctor recently invalided home with an honorable discharge after being shot in the left shoulder. Now, your my flatmate and a GP at a local clinic, we solve cases together and you blog about them. I shoot at the walls and put body parts around the kitchen to bother when I’m bored because I just want your attention. I follow you when you leave the flat because I’m afraid you won’t come back, but you always do. I don’t know why but you stick around and I’m so incredibly happy every time you do because you’re my best friend, John.” Sherlock’s voice cuts off at the last statement as he chokes on emotion. Sherlock rests his head on John’s knees hiding his face as his body shakes with quiet sobs.
Moriartys words echoed in Sherlock's brain, pushing him to hit the door harder ignoring all pain and bruising forming in his shoulder. If he didn’t find John in time he’d lose him and he rammed himself into the door harder.
He’d find him, the ghost be damned. He brought with him nothing but a switchblade he’d found, stuffed in his pocket just in case and otherwise made his way about the city on foot. Searching areas on his own where he believed Jim- no, Moriarty would take Sherlock. He knew that he would be able to find Sherlock quicker than anyone else, after all he had known Jim best out of most people.
"Then don't let me, just say I took the computer for all I care." He grumbles as searches with every reference he can think of.
Greg slammed his shoulder up against the metal doors ignoring the burst of pain that burned down his arm. With a muttered string of select curses he stepped back, the doors weren’t budging.
"You may be angry now and won't admit it but you are in fact happy. It's been far too long since you were genuinely happy." Sherlock replied taking John hands into his own and bringing them to his lips.
“That’s my old school..” John remembered being terrified of going to that school every morning where Jim and his ‘buddies’ would make his life even more miserable than it already was. “He and his friends used to terrorize me there.”
Hours before he’d leave John, deceiving him to keep him safe. Making John hate him, call him a machine. He never came here but it lived in his mind nonetheless.
Then piece by piece a trust was formed that the next piece would always find its home. It may take time to find it and where it goes but the promise still stands. With each piece placed it became clear that so many more were missing.
“Guess I missed my chance then.” Sherlock made a move to grab another so Lestrade took the box away and threw it on a chair in the corner of the room. “Your only using one a day, I’ll make sure Mrs Hudson sees to that.”
“Would you stop touching them.” John said, snatching Sherlocks wrist away from the photos. “You don’t know what’s on these things.”
"You don't realise how oblivious she is. You know after you went to "pick tomatoes from the garden" she came up to me and said-"
“Oh really?! Oh my god!” She jumps up and rushes to the door. “Maria!-“ She calls and the door shuts with muffled screams of excitement.
"Finally realized your mistake in ignoring me?" Sherlock snips as soon as he answers the phone and starts pacing around his room. He smirks to himself as he hears the answering sigh on the other side of the phone.
“My crew and I will get out of your hair now. Good luck Mr Holmes.” Doctor ‘whatever his name is’ says before turning around and joining the rest of the doctors in heading down the stairs then out of the flat.
Sherlock sits back and watches him quietly trying to pretend that this wasn’t his John. That he was watching Mrs Hudson’s nephew and John was just in the other room about to come out and tell him to not give a baby a skull. He smiles at the thought, he’d give anything to have John yell at him.
"Alright." Sherlock sighed getting up and grabbing his belstaff he headed out but before he did so he called back. "You both owe me." Molly and John both chuckled as the door closed.
I'm slacking in my updates I know, writing has become a bit difficult lately. But here is this chapter, hope you enjoyed, I couldn't stand those two so I pushed them together.
“Yes I suppose so.” Sherlock was taken aback when she suddenly hugged him out of the blue. He didn’t mind he never really did with her, Mrs Hudson has and always will be like the Grandmother he never got. He appreciated her comfort so he hugged her back feeling completely at ease with himself like he hasn’t felt in such a long time.
"Sherlock, now is not the time." Came the reply, Sherlock could imagine clearly his brothing running a hand over his face.
"What now?" Sherlock's voice comes through the other side annoyed at being yelled at again while going to get "supplies." Yeah right. John and Molly giggled slightly like they had the last five times they've asked him to grab something when he's about to leave.
He looked up quickly as he heard a voice but couldn’t quite make out the words through his muddled thoughts yet. He felt slow, weighed down, he knew he must have been sedated at some point. He hated the feeling of it.
"I would show you the world. We could go anywhere you want. France, Spain maybe Italy. Perhaps Canada or America, anywhere." Johns smile was blinding and their were tears in his eyes Sherlock realized he probably looks the same.
“Let’s not forget that. See ya, Greg.” John says sarcastically as he waves goodbye to Lestrade who reciprocates laughing a bit. Sherlock tugs John’s hood up as he leaves and John swats his hand away going to stand in the hall as Sherlock shuts the door.
“Come on, John. Let’s go.” John heard as someone was shaking him. He identified the voice as the man he had met when he first woke up. He had come back like he said.
"I have to get to an interview, thank you so much." John started to walk to the door before he suddenly turned around. "Oh, I almost forgot. Just as a thank you um I could tell Molly is a bit of a fan." John looked pointedly to the wall where John's most recent album sat on a shelf along with two posters and three little figurines. "So I thought I'd offer tickets to my concert next week, there front row. If you don't want to that totally fine but it'd be nice to see someone familiar."
The pieces he was looking for had been gone for so long he had forgotten there wasn't supposed to be a hole in the center. He filled a bit more with the pieces he found, only five pieces missing now.
Time. Time was something Sherlock didn’t have much of but he needed to stall his inevitable homicide for John to get the police. He didn’t know either of their state but he hoped they were able to get the police.
John feels his eyes well up as the man displays such open intimacy, they are clearly some sort of partners of which sort he does not know. What he does know is that even if he does not know him, he feels a connection to this man and does not want to harm him, though he knows anything he does will.
Sherlock didn't waste any time and actually fell into John's embrace even in a rare chance of seeing behind his mask, John didn't try to look into Sherlock's face to figure out what he was thinking or manipulate him while his defenses were down. Sherlock hid his face in John's shoulder trying to collect himself at least a little bit. Sherlock breathed in Johns calming smell a mixture of something like tea, biscuits, fire and something very distinctly John. It was comforting and Sherlock felt safe for the first time in a long while.
"I got screwed over. Christ, this whole thing is my fault if I had just looked for a second I might have seen the goddamned signs." John muttered angrily running his fingers through his short blond hair.
The puzzle was complete and that when John realized it wasn't a puzzle at all but his heart perhaps even his soul. Cracked and broken into pieces with years of pain etched into each piece.
“I would hardly call that unscathed.” Sherlock muttered, shifting some taking stock of himself, not feeling much yet because of the painkillers.
“Very.” He reached for John’s gun and pointed it straight at him as his vision surfaced. The colors returning to the room and giving him an actual view of Jim Moriarty, the criminal, mass murderer, certified insane genius who had taken John from him. For a moment there was the loathing, the red flash of ‘pull the trigger’ and end it. Then there was a sickening sense of fascination, the psychological aspect of being similar in a way he had thought no one could be until he found out this man existed. In a place of misplacement finding someone in the same space was an odd feeling he imagined they both felt.
“What happened?” He asked slowly, cautiously. He heard Lestrade sigh again and start typing while he spoke.
Greg waved him goodbye as the car took off into the early morning. Greg didn't know where Sherlock and John had gone but he knew they'd be safe with Mycroft's watchful eye over them. He was exhausted and knew he'd probably stay that way until this case was sorted out.
“You’re on wasted time, Holmes.” Moriarty taunts standing over him with a gleam in his eye, the only emotion he could seem to put in them was malice and hatred, some type of deep destruction of murder. There was nothing else for him. “I think you’d be much more interested, to what's going to happen to dear ol’ Johnny boy once you’re gone.”
"John." Sherlock called and John's head lifted a little light in his eyes as he looked to Sherlock. Mycroft stopped talking. "Come on we're leaving." John started to stand but Mycroft put a hand on his arm and he froze. "What?"
They were running now, unfortunately they were running away from the killer and his gang. Less than five minutes ago, the roles were reversed until he pulled out a gun and his friends joined him with weapons of their own. John had unfortunately dropped his own gun in their haste to get away. Oh yeah, it was also raining.
"Valid excuse." Sherlock replies looking forward to the fireplace full of black wood and cool coals. He doesn't want to think of the John sitting beside him as the same one he had kissed and hugged so many times. It seemed impossible and he refused to believe it.
"What happens if I disappear?" Came the quiet voice from the couch laced with fear and uncertainty. Sherlock stopped what he was doing and came out into the living room crouching in front of the couch.
“Sherlock. Your mannerism is appalling and mummy would hit you upside the head if she were here. Frankly I’m resisting the urge to myself.”
Sorry for late chapter, as I explained in the last one I have been traveling long distances by car and haven’t had much time. But here it is enjoy!
"Alright, chill. He and the band went to get all the equipment ready to travel for the Christmas tour. That is where most of them lived originally. He'll be back in a few hours, calm down" She explains calmly and tries to get Sherlock to do the same.
“John, you’ll need to let go so I can stand now.” Sherlock says quietly amused as he leans a bit awkwardly over the bed with John’s little hands twisted into the material of his shirt.
He cleaned the mess of the chemicals off of him quickly and carefully bundled John up in his arms sitting on the bed with him, comforting him in what way he could as he was completely destroyed in spirit and in mind.
"And I, you, John." Sherlock replies fondly walking slowly behind him. A memory comes into John's mind then, the only good part of the evening.
"Goodbye, Detective Inspector." Sherlock calls as he walks down to the basement. He hands the security guard Lestrade's ID that he swiped saying he had permission and they let him in. He searches through everything on any Jim M. in London.
“The weakness in the system: sentiment. I grinned like an idiot for the camera and told her I’d been thinking about her and Dexter all day and needed to talk to her right away.”
“You brought them all here one by one – and one by one, you left them here to join Victor in his fate.  Finally, you stopped bothering even to make the journey yourself, and yet still they came, travel-worn and weary, battering at the gates.  Who sent them, if not you?”
John returned to 221B late the next afternoon, feeling grimy, exhausted and hollowed out. He wanted nothing more than to find a reasonably clean horizontal surface and collapse, but the moment he closed the front door of the building behind him, Mrs Hudson appeared and waved him into her own flat. She got him seated at her kitchen table and placed hot soup, sandwiches and tea before him.
“Isn’t it always, where Sherlock’s concerned? Look, what about the person who shot him? You said it yourself, he must have seen them.”
“However, sentiment got the better of her. She took one precisely calculated shot to incapacitate me in the hope that it would buy her more time to negotiate my silence. Then she shot Magnussen and phoned the ambulance.”
“Phelps dragged me into the alley.  I was fighting him for the knife when a shot was fired.  I was shoved aside.  I saw a man’s silhouette at the top of the stairs.  I was, of course, in shock.”
“I did that.  He showed up in town, not saying that he knew me, and was able to find enough evidence to convince the magistrates that Boris had murdered the other man.”
Juggling his luggage and his cane, he approached the door, setting his suitcase down to knock.  A moment later, the door swung open and a young girl stared at him.
Judging by Muircheartaigh’s giggles, the sorcerer seemed to find the question hilarious.  “No, Vanechka, this time the contents themselves will have sufficient
John stared at her. Did she think he and Sherlock had been sharing nothing more than a bed? “Yes, of course. His back and, well... He and I...”
“Sally seems to be in good spirits, at least for her.”  Sherlock turned to look at Anderson’s face and then, rather pointedly, further down.  “I can’t think of any other means by which
“So might we,” Lestrade cautioned. “She’s got to wait long enough that it seems realistic that the drug is taking effect.”
She slipped the phone back into her pocket, pulled out a scrap of paper and a stub of pencil and scribbled briefly.  Then she glared at John, but spoke to the driver.
“Two tickets, for Timothy and myself. Just milk, thank you.” She took her previous seat in Sherlock’s chair. “Timothy had a bit of luck. There was a last-minute opening for an important but non-emergency medical procedure he’s been needing. Being the wonderful husband that he is, he’s insisted that his wife go ahead with her travel plans. He’ll join her later when he can. And of course, he’s going with her to the airport to explain all that at the boarding desk so that she doesn’t have any trouble. In fact, he’ll remain at the airport until the flight’s departed. Such a treasure, isn’t he?”
Sherlock looked away. “Revealing myself to you without warning may not have been one of my better plans. In my defense, I had no idea that...”
There must have been rain here recently, because the underbrush was all still quite wet.  Ivan was able to collect of large pile of tinder and kindling, but when he tried to light it with flint and steel, he couldn’t get the sparks to catch.  He swore and was about to give up when a large shape landed beside him in the growing darkness.  Sherlock reached forward to touch one brilliantly-coloured wingtip to a bit of tinder – and the tinder immediately burst into flames.
“We leave the subconscious to the psychologists, Dr Watson. Ask yourself this: how do chemical reactions in one person’s brain – which is all that emotions are – affect the chromochemical reactions on another person’s wrist?  How is that information transmitted?”
Mary tracked me down – knowing she would have started looking the moment you told her I’d left the hospital. No, don’t waste time on guilt, you didn’t know.
Lestrade glanced at Mary. “Actually, Sherlock’s why I’m here. I have to ask him some more questions as well. I was wondering if you’d come with me, John?”
John arrived home from the clinic that evening to find Sherlock all but dancing a jig. He’d infiltrated Wentworth’s hotel room dressed as a member of the housekeeping staff, only to have to hide in a closet when Wentworth returned unexpectedly.  Fortunately, Wentworth received a phone call and went out shortly afterwards.  Sherlock had thrown a shabby jacket over his staff uniform and a knitted cap over his curls, then tailed Wentworth to Regent’s Park.
Were people changing faster now, so that they outgrew their soulmates, as Harry had? Certainly the ways people communicated with each other changed faster these days.  Personal computers, the Internet and social networking had not been part of John’s childhood.  He’d been almost 15 when mobiles first came on the market.  Now they were ubiquitous.
“Right, but at least they can do their share in carrying the newborn while it still needs to be in the pouch – keep it warm, help it breathe, all that. Well, amarsupial infants are born being able to breathe and stay warm on their own. They still need their mothers to nurse, but they don’t really need their fathers for anything.”
Enough of this.  Sherlock was beyond his help, but these people needed him to think and plan and find a way to get them home.
Lestrade continued inexorably. “You do not have to say anything.  However, it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court.  Anything you do say may be given in evidence.  And now, Ms Caustlin, gentlemen, I suggest that we continue this at New Scotland Yard.”
He removed one guard’s sword hand at wrist and sliced the tendons behind another guard’s knees, but his vision was growing dark around the edges.  He made a desperate lunge at a third guard – and stumbled forward and fell to his knees as his target vanished before his eyes.  Immediately he forced himself to his feet and turned to confront his foes, only to discover a pile of clothing, boots, chainmail, swords and branches lying scattered upon the ground.
What had John been thinking, to let Sherlock talk him into taking the bed and leaving Sherlock the sofa?  The sofa was long enough to be barely tolerable for John.  But for Sherlock?  Just looking at his position made John’s neck ache.
The perfume bottle. The perfume bottle on the table next to the chair. John generally couldn’t tell one perfume bottle from another, but this one had a distinctive shape. It was Mary’s favourite. She’d worn it on their wedding day.
“Right.  So, you gave a statement?”  When Sherlock raised an eyebrow, John explained, “We should keep our stories straight.”
John threw back the tea – a shame, really, as it was both perfectly made and still warm – and followed Sherlock out the door, banana in hand.
Behind the house stood a small barn.  Once Ivan had got Bezimyan settled down with hay and grain, he entered the house itself.  It was well-furnished but everything was in an older style and somewhat worn, so that the overall effect was comfortable rather than grand.
It was almost 5’o’clock when they left the Yard. John was about to suggest that they stop for take-away on their way back to Baker Street, but Sherlock pulled out his mobile and, unusually for him, placed a voice call.
“Well, I’ve certainly learned to be careful what I say when the media’s around,” Campbell-Williams told John and Sherlock over tea at 221B. She’d come by that evening with a nice cheque.  “Not to mention being careful about whom I get into relationships with,
Ivan blinked, not having looked to be faced with this question quite yet.  “My father,” he said slowly, “Would be pleased if I married a princess.”
“You don’t want to make yourselves ill,” Sara confirmed.  She held her own piece of bread in both hands and took small, precise bites, setting an example for the others to follow.
“Probably not, although she could have.  She did a lot of work with herbs, tinctures, poultices.  I got my start by working with her.  But I kept stealing your cup and bits of food from your plate and you were annoyed but not actually angry with me.   She saw that.  She also saw that I was doing it on purpose, so that she would see it.”
“Occasionally I helped town magistrates solve crimes when they were out of their depth, which was always.  Sometimes I got paid for that.”
“Just as well,” said Sherlock lightly. “You wouldn’t want to go shooting the wrong person.” His phone beeped three times, then was silent. “My scout has spotted the target approaching. Now remember. Whatever you see or hear, stay perfectly still and don’t say anything.”
She took a deep breath and was quiet a moment.  Not sure what to say, Ivan reached out and touched her hand.  She smiled slightly and continued.
John picked up the phone. “Hi, Greg?... Nope. To the best of my knowledge he’s not. How did he even get away with it the first... Oh! He only
Once again proving that there is no honour among either thieves or kidnappers, Curran and Ives were quite ready to rat out their employer, an extremist pro-bond group called the Soldiers of Fate.
About to take a sip of tea, John stopped and lowered his mug carefully. “You were going on 13, you asked your parents how bonding works and they gave you a set of scientific papers.”
Mrs Hudson knew the things that needed to be said and said them. Such a shock.  So sad.  So soon after.  And then, after a delicate pause, did John think things might have been different?
“Oh, really, and when you were 16 you’d never broken a rule in your life? Should I call Mycroft to confirm that?”
, last week” – Sherlock gasped sharply – “but I believe I’m bleeding internally and my pulse is very erratic.”
” Sherlock hissed before strolling down the length of the Leinster Gardens facade, turning the lights off at John’s end of the corridor and slipping out the door to the street, the door slightly ajar behind him. He’d left John to wait alone, the bastard.
“Lay it against the wound,” Ivan asked.  She frowned even more deeply, but did as he asked.  The crimson feather lay across the crimson blood – but no, the feather seemed to be soaking up the blood, not changing in size or shape as it did so but becoming even more brilliant in colour.  The edges of the wound were now visible, but even as Ivan and Sara watched, the edges shifted, drawing closer together.  The wound was healing, far more rapidly than was natural.
Typical, thought Ivan, and proceeded in the direction they had already been going.  It wasn’t long before he came upon the clearing in front of the castle gates.  Through the bars of the gates, seven guards could be seen lounging about various stages of boredom.  In the heat of the day, they’d removed their helmets and pushed their cowls back.  If they’d been Ivan’s men, he would have set the lot of them to digging latrines and shovelling manure.
Oh, hell, this again. Still, it wasn’t the first time that John had dealt with the perception that he and Sherlock were a couple.
They sat there in silence awhile. Finally Sherlock indicated the skull on the mantel piece.  “That’s Victor’s.”
Sherlock turned to look at him, apparently catching on to the fact that something was off. “It was an excellent choice of film, John. The details regarding the drug trade in Florida were almost accurate.”
Sherlock’s blatantly sneering tone would have been annoying, except... This was Sherlock, who believed that alone protected him from, among other things, the burden of others’ expectations. Who
John affected his best Sherlock impression.  “Obviously,” he scoffed.  “Really, Sherlock, you are positively scintillating this evening.”
John stood, the silence oppressive, as if Sherlock had taken all the air out of the room with him, creating a vacuum.  His hand trembled.
John thought, trying to keep his emotions (and his face) under control.  “Maybe,” he said, shrugging his shoulders.  “It’s complicated.”
.  While several of his former girlfriends weren’t afraid of a bit of backdoor play, it was usually John who was knocking on the door.  Not that he wasn’t up for it.  It was pleasant, but in an extraneous kind of way.  A teasing fingertip at the anus during a blowjob was like a spicy, exotic condiment on a very enjoyable dinner.  With Sherlock, though.  It wasn’t long into their sexual relationship when John realized that Sherlock
He placed the owl and its wings --he’d fix it later-- on the mantlepiece and turned back to the rest of the box’s contents.  It was then that he noticed the item wrapped in tissue. The paper came away in his hands and there was an object he had never held before.  He stood staring at it for a moment before it clicked: a muff, Victorian-style.  1950s.  Fur.  Black silk lining.  Extremely high quality.  And never worn.
‘Move’ was perhaps the wrong word.  ‘Undulated’ would have been more accurate.  ‘Danced,’ even.  What started as slow circles quickly graduated to a slow but thorough grinding.  Unable to get much leverage in the chair, John tried to stay still as Sherlock took his pleasure.
“Hey, hey there,” says John.  “Breathe in.  Through your nose.  There you go.  In through the nose, out through the mouth.  There.  There.”  John pats Sherlock’s back, smooths his dirty hair from his forehead.
“And you should see yourself.”  Lestrade shook his head.  “You are practically besotted, John Watson.  The sooner the two of you two pull your heads from your arses, the better, I say.”
I was seven when I ate my first oyster.  Mycroft had done something of significance, but I can’t be bothered to remember what it was.  What I do remember is that I was pulled away from an afternoon of collecting lichens (I had recently discovered symbiosis) and I was expected to sit in a stiffly pressed suit and
John chuckled, standing up and shouldering his backpack.  “Yes, you idiot.  It’s what people do.  What friends do.”
In which John is surprised, Sherlock discovers that he needs more data, and Molly reveals a secret.  The plot begins properly.
during an act of reverence, and no woman had ever made this much noise while giving a blowjob.  Sherlock was still making these obscene sounds, deep and masculine groans and grunts; if the flat were still bugged, someone was getting an earful that would have sounded like someone in extreme pain or enjoying the most delicious dessert on the planet, had it not been for the obscene slurping and John’s own noises of pleasure.  He sincerely hoped Mrs. Hudson was not still in her bedroom (that awkward conversation was bound to happen sooner or later, and with the ruckus they were raising, John had his bets on sooner).
He waited a moment, making sure everything was still fine by Sherlock, before sticking his nose directly into Sherlock’s scrotum and inhaling deeply.  Sherlock’s smell
Other men may have complimented John’s balls in jest, but Sherlock was literally paying his respects.  He was worrying the thin skin of the scrotum between his lips, gently sucking each teste into his mouth, tonguing in between them; now, his hands moving from John’s hips to manipulate and fondle.  No devotee, however, ever made
John thought about condoms (he didn’t have any) and realized their integrity would be entirely compromised by the oil that Sherlock was pouring into his hands anyway.  Sighing into Sherlock’s touch, John watched as those long fingers liberally coated his cock, and then he watched, mesmerised, as Sherlock oiled his own penis before sliding over his balls and down.  Two slick fingers disappeared inside his body, and John tried not to come right then and there.  Sherlock worked at himself for moment, eyes closed and head thrown back, before deciding it was time.  He opened his eyes enough to encourage John that yes, this was what they both wanted and needed, before reaching for John and guiding his cock.
“He’s learned all about the daffodils,” said Mrs. Hudson, smiling proudly.  “Next is lilacs.  I do love the lilacs.  Such a beautiful colour, but oh, the smell.  Just heavenly.  And we’ve got three different varieties.  Soon after, the roses begin.”
He’d always thought of oral sex with a woman as kissing of sorts, a skill, an art, every woman different.   Here, on his knees with the weight of Sherlock’s heels digging into his back, he kissed: mouthing what skin he could reach, running his tongue over the tight skin of the perineum, around the muscles of the anus, lapping, licking, teasing.
“I don’t believe you,” laughed John as they neared the end of the hallway and turned the corner to the east wing.
“No.  I…”  He paused and looked around.  “I heard you the other night.  Screaming.  Thought someone might be in trouble.  I’m not even supposed to be here.  I was explicitly told to stay out of the east wing.”
John went to work the next morning feeling exhausted and emotionally raw.  He hadn’t planned to fall in love, hadn’t planned to move in with someone, much less solve a decades-old murder.  Yet, like how he’d felt with the garden, the new development in his and Sherlock’s relationship seemed right, felt right.  At the risk of sounding clichéd, he supposed he felt...complete.
John chuckled, and then, to punctuate it, let another one go.  If his brain supplied an image of his flatmate’s backside clad in tight wool trousers at the mention of the word “arsecheeks”, no one was the wiser.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “Goodnight, John,” he said formally, and walked down the hall. John watched him go, the strange feeling still there, pooling in his gut.
For there, on the couch, his lover, impossible man that he was, was currently engaged in doing something untoward to...good God, what the fuck was that?
He retrieved the tool and handed it over to Sherlock, who shovelled with ease before the metal struck an obstruction.  He got back down on his hands and knees, put his torch in his mouth, and pushed the rest of the dirt away with his hands.  He worked out a stone, and then another, and another.
“OK.  Well, have fun contemplating the futility of existence,” he said as he gathered the breakfast tray and hobbled toward the door.
Sally carried herself with confidence and was rather beautiful in her flowered blouse and tailored skirt, but John could tell she wasn’t exactly comfortable sitting with her old friend.  Something in her eyes was guarded.  John wondered if she blamed Sherlock for whatever happened when they moved away, blamed him for ruining her innocence and revealing all of her father’s sins.  Whatever it was, John knew she and Sherlock would never be friends again; colleagues, perhaps, but that bridge had been long burnt.
Phillip Leybourne's dialogue and character came directly from the brain of my beta and Britpicker friend, BettySwallocks, who saved that section from certain doom.  If you can hear his character, thank her, because she wrote it.
If Magnussen would have pissed on Sherlock’s tuba, John thinks, he would have killed him then and there and none of this shit would have happened.
...John’s hand stilled, closed around hot flesh.  The breath he hadn’t realised he was holding came out in a rush.
“...Beautiful.  I’ll miss the pool.  And my room.  I’m glad we’re taking this bed, by the way.  Yours isn’t as soft.  I’ll miss the way it smells here.  I’ll miss the garden.”
Two and a half hours later, John arrives to find 221B silent.  Speedy’s is in full operation, and no mysterious noises are coming from the first floor.
Sherlocked huffed a laugh.  Last time they’d been adventurous with different textures, John received a heel in the face for his attempt to tantalise his lover with a long peacock feather, which was lobbed right out of the window in frustration (and onto the street where a lucky teenage girl found it, took it home, and stuck it in a vase, completely oblivious to the fact that had tickled the bare bottom of London’s only consulting detective just moments before she picked it up.)  “The feather was a torture implement.  It deserved what it got.”
“None of that was my doing.  I’m not going to keep tabs on him for you.  I understand he’s not the most congenial person on the planet, but if you’re that worried about your brother’s well being, how about you, I don’t know,
“Yeah.  Was sussing those all out last night.  Turns out he’s been spending a ton of cash at - you’re not going to believe this - Willow Cross.  You know, the health farm.”
Sherlock had said he had little hair on his chest, and from what John could gather from the time he’d seen the detective in his shirtsleeves, the short hair on his arms was fine and nearly a clear auburn.  He’d never seen Sherlock’s bare legs.  His miles of legs.  His long, lean, muscled bare miles of legs, covered in soft, fine hair...
Sherlock rearranged himself a bit in the chair, shifting to find the right angle.  “Can you put your hands on my hips?” he asked.  “Yes, just like that.”
“Well, it’s aesthetically pleasing.  If a woman’s going to show you her knickers, best not concentrate on what’s under them, not what’s escaping out the sides.  I guess I really don’t have much of a preference when it comes to pubes, Sherlock.  I can’t believe I’m having this conversation with you in a cab at four o’clock on a Thursday afternoon.”
Sherlock, now exposed with his penis looking properly ashamed of its earlier enthusiasm, reached for the blanket and shrugged it over his lap.  “Well, are you going to just sit there and laugh at me?”  His smirk had faded into a pout.
“She’s in anaphylactic shock,” said John, before yelling, “We need an EpiPen!” as loudly as he could.  “Anyone have an EpiPen?  Get one!  Ask around.  NOW!  What’s she allergic to?”   No one had an answer.
Even damp, cool, and tasting rather like pool chemicals, John delighted in the feel of Sherlock’s lips under his, their soft plumpness, the dip of his philtrum.  John tipped his head so he could get better access to Sherlock’s tongue, which, in contrast to his lips, was hot and still tasted slightly of spicy wine.
“You’ll kill yourself one day if you keep it up,” said John, moving to stand closer.  The plastic bowl on the bedside table held thin, mucousy vomit.  “Can I take your pulse, at least?”
The intense, weird, joyous feeling continued to radiate from John’s gut, a delightful yet nervous fluttering that brought back memories of first times: a kiss, a surgery, a battle.  A chase through dark alleyways after a murderous cabbie, through mist-filled hollows, through the web of a spider.  It propelled him from his chair.  He crossed the few steps between them, knelt beside Sherlock, and placed his hand on his knee as he’d done once before.  He didn’t mind then, and he didn’t mind now.
Wishing for his pistol, John got out of bed and wrapped his dressing gown around him, grabbed the fireplace poker, and carefully opened the heavy oak door of his room.  The corridor was long and dark.  Tall ceilings loomed above him. The spike of adrenaline, however, was unexpectedly welcome.  He listened; there was the noise again.  Not from this corridor, no, but maybe from the floor above him?  Sweat prickled under his arms despite the chill in the air.  He hoisted the heavy poker with thankfully little protest from his shoulder.
So after determining that the door to the garden must be located somewhere on the wall that separated the main walled garden from the extension, he went into battle with the ivy as clandestinely as he could.  Avoiding the climbing roses (they really did smell like heaven), he wiggled his fingers between vines, hoping to meet wood or metal instead of brick.  He started methodically on the side of the wall farthest from the house and worked inward.  There were only so many places for one door to go, after all.  Eventually --four encounters with thorns and one with a bee later-- his fingers met something smooth and cold.   After checking to see that he was truly alone, John parted the ivy as best he could to get a closer look.  Yes!  An iron hinge.
Even though Sherlock was out and likely would be all day, John double-checked that his door was locked before he retrieved his recently-acquired sex aid from where he was hiding it in an old shoebox.  He was proud of the fact he’d got it without Sherlock’s knowledge.  It required ordering from Amazon and intercepting the parcel upon delivery; Sherlock surely would have known had John actually visited a shop that sold such accoutrements.  He’d placed the item (a dildo in what he figured must be Sherlock’s size) in a clean cotton sock and inserted it into a pair of old trainers.  Now, unwrapped and in his hands, it seemed much larger than he’d initially thought.
“His name is Bobby, Sherlock.  I’ll let you figure out the rest.”  She dug in her handbag a moment and pulled out a plastic key card.   “Just promise me I’m not going to get fired,” she said as she placed it in Sherlock’s upturned palm.
“Hmm.  It was boiling hot that summer, I remember.  Lilly was pregnant with you.  Not very far along, but she was exhausted, I remember.”
“Already checked it,” Sherlock said.  “Nothing new.  And I simply have to get out of here.”  He bounced to his feet again, eyeing John.  “I see you’re going out.”
“Well,” said Mrs. Hudson, straightening back up and giving the stones a few good strokes with her broom.  “I know exactly what you were thinking.  It’s about time those two get over the past and move on.  No one else was using it, and you needed a bit of earth, I’d say.  It’s good for a man to get his hands dirty.  Now then, let’s go and see about supper.”
And so John did, the pad of his middle finger pressing insistently against the hot, wrinkled skin before slipping easily in.  They’d been lovers long enough for John to know that it wasn’t direct prostate stimulation that brought Sherlock over the edge, but rather the sensation of being penetrated, his hole being teased and caressed and massaged that could bring him to completion almost every time.
Half an hour later the sheets needed to be changed again, but they were both so tired that they separated to either side of the giant bed, leaving the mess between them in favor of slumber.
“Mrs. Sandhurst,” John said as they walked out the room and into the nave, where choir members were assembling for practice.  “Do you happen to recall if a man named Miles Donovan was there?”
Sherlock shrugged into his leather jacket and put on his helmet before slinging a long leg over the bike (how he managed with such grace in jeans like that, John would never know).
Eventually our bodies demand more: John groans, and my cock leaps.  Literally, it jumps against his thigh where I’ve been rubbing it.  John’s boxer shorts need to come off, and now, so I break our kiss and wiggle down under the duvet and wrestle them off him.  Now it’s my turn to moan, and I do, confronted with his eager prick.  I could write odes to John’s penis.  I love thinking about it, sometimes, how it hangs there, soft and quiescent while John goes about his daily business, all tucked in.  I love to watch it expand, fill with his blood, the foreskin retract, the glans, red and glossy, protrude.  Observe how it leaks, how it (not just a body part, no; John, always John, the man entire) craves my touch, my mouth, my arse.  He is only of average proportions, perfect for my mouth.  He’s not so big as to cause me discomfort when I sink down on him, or so small I cannot feel the delight as I stretch to take him in.  Now that I’m under the duvet, my face so close to his groin, I can smell him.  Not the freshly showered John, the one whose skin tastes of soap (which is in itself delightful), but the dirty John, the one who hasn’t showered in a day.  He smells like a man should smell, primitive, spicy, yeasty, musky,
And then, Sherlock groaned, the sound sonorous and sinful, and dug his fingers deeper into John’s hips.  That, too, was different.  No woman had a voice that deep or hands that strong -- or that large.  He’d always found Sherlock’s hands beautiful. Seeing those hands earlier wrap around both of their cocks, pressing them together to fuck within the circle of his fingers - well, that was extraordinary.  Feeling those hands on his body now, holding him in place, was somehow comforting.  He felt owned, protected: two feelings he rarely experienced.  John had never felt owned by Sherlock, regardless of how much he followed the detective’s lead, and John himself did most of the protection -- it was Sherlock who ran headlong into danger.  Now, however, with Sherlock’s hands on his hips and Sherlock’s mouth on his dick, John felt adored, loved, safe, treasured, possessed.
“Indeed.  The spa has a exclusive VIP package which they unimaginatively call ‘The Fountain of Youth.’  According to the website, it’s a ‘four hour experience of well-being’ that involves a bath, exfoliation, and massage.”
“You’re mistaken, John.  That’s you.  You never fail to surprise me.  But you didn’t answer the question.”
Sherlock sat there, sipping his tea, staring at some place on the wall.  “Go and pack a bag, John,” he said.
...John’s eyes fly open, blinking away water, as he bends his knees, aims, and paints the tiles with his come in
The first touches were soft and measured, as if James were letting John get used to the sensation, but then he got down to business, stroking one foot and switching over to the next, pressing his thumbs in here, squeezing there.  Clearly James had done this hundreds of times and had it down to an art, a strange little dance between hands and feet.  It felt remarkably good, and for a moment John had completely forgotten Sherlock was even in the room with him until he heard the chair the detective was sitting in scrape away from James a bit closer to his side.  He could
“That could have caused the overdose.  In such small doses it causes euphoria and induces addiction, but if he were already taking a SSRI, whatever’s on those needles may have created lethal levels.”
The next three days were kind of like an approaching storm; the atmosphere in 221b Baker Street changed, thickened almost, and John could tell that
“You just did.”  She smiles softly, takes a sip of wine.  “You’re not half bad.”  She raises her eyebrow, flirting.
Sherlock plucked something from the stack of papers and went to sit at Mycroft’s desk where he could spread everything out.
“Fuck,” he said as he collapsed.  He twitched through several aftershocks, as though his body were coming back online after a long, cold silence.  And then he did cry, great sobs, tears running down his face as he rejoiced.
I scowl at the mirror.  I do not want to think about John’s previous lovers. Those ridiculous, simpering women. Pawing at him. Clambering over his beautiful skin, taking what’s mine. Capturing him inside their sticky, grasping bodies. No more! He is my lover now, and I feel a fierce streak of possessiveness, a green bit of jealousy, roll around in my ribcage.  There’s just too much going on in my head.  Circuitry overload.
“I want to make you feel good.  Give you something to remember.  Our last time here.  This room.  The place where I met you, where you gave me something to live for.”  Sherlock moved his hand up, placed it over John’s heart.
Eventually Sherlock drags out the other chair and sits directly behind him, wrapping his long arms around John’s body and showing John how to press the levers.  It’s intimate, and hilarious.  They end up like two children trying to drive a car -- John blowing away into the mouthpiece as Sherlock presses his fingers over John’s on the levers.  It sounds terrible and both of them are having an absolute blast playing a bastardised version of “My Generation” until Mrs. Hudson jabs at her ceiling with a broom handle, something she’s taken to doing whenever they argue too loudly.
“Yes,” answered John, coming back to himself and opening his eyes.  Sherlock hadn’t let go of his hand, and John pressed harder, fascinated and delighted with the hardness beneath.
“Oh,” James said at length, wiping his hands on a towel.  “Oh!  Look, John, it’s a perfectly normal biological response.  It’s happened loads of times.  I don’t even notice any more.”
“You just can’t fart in front of a woman, John.  Least of all Sally.  She’s…” he waved a hand in the air, looking for the right word.  “...Classy.  Can’t fart in front of a classy lady.  Gentleman’s rules.”
“Also said you’re running experiments in the study on pig livers,” John added, trying not to feel embarrassed at the amount of praise he’d given Sherlock.  It was all true, though; Sherlock
John looked at Sherlock, whose eyebrows had come together.  What was that mind palace of his really like?  John supposed it was fantastic and absurd, with nothing where it was supposed to be.  Sherlock probably kept sexual fantasies in the freezer and bludgeonings in the bathroom cupboard.  Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and even Mycroft had all hinted at Sherlock’s ambivalence about (and even disdain for) sex, but Sherlock, as John had discovered, did have a libido.  Granted, that libido was irregular and just as unpredictable as the man himself: there were days Sherlock was simply content to bring John off and then share a cuddle without achieving his own orgasm; and then there were other times that he was downright horny, nearly throwing himself at John and whispering all sorts of dirty things (
Owens rummaged some more and eventually produced a rusty tin containing glue and a set of tyre levers. “I don’t have any patches,” he said lamely, coming back around and holding out what remained of the kit.
Sherlock tightened his grip on John’s waist and groaned, long and loud.  “I’m coming,” he moaned, “Oh, I’m coming too.  Oh, John, I’m…”
“Molly’s done the entire centre bed,” said John, pointing out Molly’s handiwork.  “She has a real eye for colour, like you do.  I just...pulled some weeds and moved a few things around.  Nothing special.”
John stifled a laugh and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s nipple.  He felt warm and happy and a bit sleepy, but he had promised Sarah he’d cover her shift while she attended a conference.  “It’s not a long shift.”
Encouraging Sherlock to reinvestigate his father’s death, though, may be overstepping his bounds.  He somehow felt propelled by a sense of urgency; once the house sold, a chapter of their lives would be closed: the garden would belong to someone else, and there would be nothing to keep any of them in Burnett Thwaite.  John knew that if Sherlock didn’t find out now, he never would.  And John knew he could do it, knew it in the marrow of his bones.  Sherlock had only been 13 when Archibald died, and his mind, while certainly brilliant, surely hadn’t fully developed to its current capacity.  However, the case was so emotional, so personal, and as Sherlock was always so keen to say, sentiment clouded his logic and rational thought.  It wouldn’t be an easy case, or, as Sherlock said, remotely enjoyable.
.  It lay there wetly, a gleaming blob of greyish muscle in a pearlescent cradle.  I remember sniffing it.  Barely an odour there, salty, perhaps.  I poked it with my finger, chased it around its shell.
“I know you rub your feet together when you sit in your chair and before you fall asleep; I know you have at least fourteen different shades of hair on your head; I know your smiles and all the lines of your face; I know how many times you lick your lips a day.”  He paused, swallowed, and continued.  “I know when you are truly angry with me; I know when I’ve hurt you.  I know you hate it when I don’t eat; I know you worry about my health.  I know you care for me very deeply.  I know I have acted foolishly, and I know I have avoided this.”
John knew what it was like to desperately want arse.  He rolled over, pillowing his head on his arms.  “It’s all yours.”
“Are you still OK?”  The position must be hard on Sherlock’s legs, which were doing most of the work.  In his position in the chair, John couldn’t even get enough leverage to thrust up with much force.  Not that it mattered.  Just being inside Sherlock, feeling his weight and watching their bodies together was enough to start him on the path to orgasm.
Something turned in John’s belly at Sherlock’s pronunciation of the word.  He was fairly certain Sherlock hadn’t had “lovers.”  Wrong term.  Sexual partners, maybe.  If that man had had lovers, in the way John defines the term, then John has seriously missed something.
“No, not at all!  Anything for a Holmes.  I’ve got a client in an hour, but I have some time before that.  Let me just finish up some loose ends and I’ll be right back.”  She gave them another beautiful smile and left.  John was mesmerised by her blonde ponytail as it swished back and forth between her shoulder blades.
The next time we visited the ocean, I spent hours sampling seawater, holding the brine of tidepools (an entire microscopic ecosystem) in my mouth.  Mycroft said I was mental.  Father warned me of parasites.  Mother bought a selection of flavoured salts, taught me how to season food.  “He just has a sophisticated palate,” I heard her tell my father.  “At least it won’t rot his teeth.”
“Morning,” John mumbled.  He settled himself back down, adjusting a pillow under his head so he could reach over and play with Sherlock’s hair.  Perhaps this was an overly affectionate gesture, but the side of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up under his fingers at the touch, so John let his hand remain.  His lover’s eyes remained closed, but had stopped moving behind the lids.
John’s giggles were renewed afresh and they laughed at the absurdity that was their lives.  “...Yeah, right, fucking a muff,” he managed to stammer out.  “So that felt...that was, um.  Jesus, Sherlock.”
The brothers were so different from one another, with the exception of their remarkable intelligence.  Lestrade had hinted more than once that Mycroft did have a more...approachable...side, but, true to form, John’s interactions with the man were never strictly social and were usually concerned with Sherlock somehow.
She took a deep breath as a woman who was clearly the manager came from behind the velvet curtain, eyebrows drawn up in concern.
John’s first weeks at the clinic went fairly well.  Sarah Sawyer was pleasant as well as competent, and John hoped that maybe he’d find the courage to ask her out for dinner sometime.  The mornings were fairly busy, too, and he’d forgotten that while general practice lacked the intensity of field trauma, it presented its own set of challenges (like trying to see into a toddler’s mouth or convincing an embarrassed teen to confess he’d had rather a lot of unprotected sex).
dumped the contents and used a stick to clean out some of the muck that had accumulated at the bottom.  The watering can, while rusty, was amazingly still intact, and he used the collected rainwater to give the basin a cursory wash before righting it again.
Thoughts.  Stupid, stupid thoughts.   John always  hated when inklings of jealousy would bloom - ugly little weeds - simply because he knew that if he weren’t such a coward there would be no need for jealousy.  They loved each other in their own weird, fucked-up way.
“For much longer time if it weren’t for him.  Genius!  Such a great man.  Whatever you want, it’s on the house.  For you and your date.”
John watched her as she unpacked the suitcase, which contained a three more tiny dance numbers, a few pairs of worn, embellished dance shoes with heels, some horrible 80s leotard and tights combination, costume jewellery, and then, at the bottom, wrapped in cream tissue paper, a grey fur muff.
As it turned out, there was no talking.  As soon as they’d got in, Sherlock was drawn into the proceedings whereupon he got into a heated debate with one of the antiques dealers about the value of a painting.  (It ended badly for the antiques dealer.)  It seemed to take ages before Anthea withdrew her army of redecorators.
Mr. Chapman raised his bushy eyebrows.  “Oh!  Yes, now I remember.  Poor girl had a rotten father, if I remember correctly.  Jealous of the Holmeses, for sure.  Didn’t want his daughter playing with the posh boy with the brain.  The two of them were at the canal all the time.  Frogs, if I remember.  Lord knows what they did with those poor creatures.”
“Went to Edinburgh last week, up to see my grandson.  He’s thirty now, can you believe that?  Ha! Anyway, I found a nice little shop up there and got myself some books.”
“Regardless,” Mycroft continued, “the days after his death, when Sherlock could have made the most headway on the case, were occupied with the funeral arrangements and mother simply refused to acknowledge any foul play.  She and Sherlock had understood each other so well, before.  Maybe she saw herself in the situation: absorbed as she always was with her studies.  As I was with mine.  Father always left behind -- intellectually, at least.”
John made a soft, encouraging sound and tried to ignore a mild itch that was troubling his belly.  Sometimes it took Sherlock a while to get it out.  That was okay.
“Stop,” said John, “I don’t want to even picture it.  Please tell me we’re not going to investigate dodgy spa practices.”
“Yeah.  But more than that.  He sees things.  Probably knows all about you from the style of glasses you chose and the tie you’re wearing.  It’s uncanny.”
He whispers encouragements, groans when I hit his prostate.  He makes the most beautiful sounds, moans and sighs.  He says my name, he says monosyllabic words like “yes” and “love” and “fuck” and all of them are beautiful.  I come in a matter of minutes, gasping against his back.
It was the first time he’d seen Sherlock lost for words, and if he weren’t blushing so horribly, John would have found the situation terribly amusing.  “That’s not what I was implying,” he managed.
“It hurts, it hurts,” he wailed.  Watson did what he did best: in the thick of it, bullets literally whizzing past his head, he set to work, the whole emergency medical procedure meticulously outlined in his mind.  Part of him remained aware of his surroundings, half-listening to the shouts and directives of his team, while most of him focussed on getting Smith to stop bleeding.  He’d already used four of the ten CAT-tourniquets he’d brought with him.
“Wants?  Oh, there’s nothing he wants here.  He wants the city life and the crime that comes with it.  He wants London, the traffic and the noise.  He wants expensive cigarettes and fucking bespoke suits.  No, it’s not what he wants that keeps him here.  It’s what he
Sherlock smiled and raised a singular eyebrow, causing John to laugh.  “You really are, aren’t you?”
to Sherlock Holmes.  Good God.  What would that even be like?  Exhausting, probably.  And amazing.  Would he wear a ring?  Introduce him as his ‘husband’ or ‘partner’?  Or both?  Would he lay his head in John’s lap on Saturday mornings or Tuesday afternoons and close his eyes while John played with his hair?  Would he explode things in their kitchen?  Would there be a head in the fridge?  Would their laundry mingle in the clothes hamper?
He remembers the days when Sherlock used to narrow his eyes and scan him like a laser, deducing everything about his day and current mood from wrinkled clothing and the length of his hair.  Either Sherlock’s got better at deducing on the sly, or he’s purposefully given John a bit of privacy.  Some things, however, just can’t be hidden: a row with his daughter is like a siren to Sherlock.  Maybe his flat is still bugged, after all.
Also, I have a tumblr, with the same username.  Follow for updates and links to what I'm working on now.  Don't forget to author subscribe so you don't miss out!
Sherlock smiled, light from the fire catching on his cheekbones.  Night had fallen as they talked over another marvellous dinner, and now they were stuffed on roast lamb with passionfruit jus, potatoes dauphinoise, and lemon and lavender syllabub.  Sherlock complained that he would be digesting for a week as John opened the whisky and they both settled in to two chairs by the fire, which, even though it was gas, still threw off enough heat and light to make the place feel homey and comfortable.  It was almost as if they were back at Baker Street, except that their chairs were moved a bit closer together, Sherlock was wearing only a robe, and John lounged in pyjama bottoms and a vest.  Sherlock had insisted it was John’s turn to tell a childhood anecdote, so John told the saga of his failed attempt to run away from home, a story that occasionally was hauled out at Christmas dinner.
John had had his share of awkward first kisses, as well as those that just seemed to come together flawlessly.  He’d never kissed a man before, much less a naked one, a wet, naked, gorgeous, brilliant one.  At the moment, however, his brain had discarded every other kiss in favour of this strange and wonderful moment.
“Not standard issue?” Sherlock dares to query.  It isn’t like John to reveal such personal information.  Was he trying to make him feel better?  It’s a mystery.  Luckily, Sherlock likes mysteries.
“Jesus.  Christ.”  John scrubbed a hand over his face.  “I’m horribly sorry about all of this.  I’m John Watson.  Look, how can I...”
) couldn’t keep up this pace for long, but for now he was going to enjoy every second of this.  “Fuck, that feels amazing.”
Warning: New to this fic--mentions of past child abuse involving minor characters.  Nothing graphic, but there nonetheless.  Skip this chapter please if it's a trigger.
We struggle up the stairs, out of our coats, into the bathroom, out of our clothing, and into bed.  I’m not sure if John actually opened his eyes the entire time.  He’s good at running on autopilot sometimes.
“So, what’s the verdict?” John asks as Sherlock wipes down the mouthpiece and puts the instrument away.  “Do I have a chance?”
“I suppose so.  But I’m not sure if I care about much at all, to be honest.  I’m still angry.  But you know, most of the time I feel nothing.  There’s your bestselling secret diary right there: 400 utterly blank pages of absolutely nothing.”
Sherlock seemed so intent on what he was doing that John just lay there, panting, and let it happen.
Sherlock had already dialled 999.  “I’ll text you the GPS location,” he was saying.  “If you want him alive, you’d best come quickly.  Oh.  And bring a ladder.”
John smiled wryly.  Point taken.  “So I took a very scientific approach,” he continued.   “You would understand, of course.”
cute.  It was simply the truth.  You couldn’t argue with the truth.  Sherlock kissed John’s nose again for good measure before snogging him properly on the mouth.  John had discarded his earlier outfit in favour of just his pants and t-shirt.  Sherlock’s fingers found the hem, his hand sliding under it.  “Be naked,” he implored.  “It’s best when you’re naked.”  John’s skin was always smooth and warm and glorious against his own.
to, and as for Sherlock?  John feared rejection too much to just close that distance.  He was fairly sure, though, that one day, sooner rather than later, something would have to give.  Physicality was so
John’s mouth parts; his index finger points to his own teeth.  “Poppy seed,” he says again.  “In your teeth.  Between the right centre and the lateral incisor.”
Sherlock considered, then put down the kickstand and climbed off.  “Came to a car show with my father here once,” he said as they walked along a gravel path away from the chaos of the 5K and toward the house.  “A long time ago.  Dreadfully boring.  Mycroft and I ran off.  There’s castle ruins in the woods north of the main house. Mycroft told me he’d explored it once by himself when I was too little to go with him.  But when we got there, we found they’d put up a locked fence.”  Sherlock huffed out a little laugh.  “I wept.”
Under his fingers, John felt Barbara's pulse strengthen, and her gasps had lost their desperate quality.  She attempted to speak.  John had to kneel closer to hear her.  It took him a moment, but there it was: one word.
He put on his trainers and dug his torch out of the wardrobe.  Quietly he slipped from his room and took the north staircase to the upper level of the house.  He’d been upstairs since the initial screaming incident, mainly to use the library.  The west wing’s rooms were former servant’s quarters, and had been redesigned to sleep two.  He turned the knob completely before opening each door, trying to be as stealthy as he could.  Once he made sure the coast was clear, he went on to the next.  He made his way methodically down the corridor, finding and hearing nothing aside from the occasional gust of wind.
John took a seat, grabbed a magazine he had no intention of reading, and waited.  Soon, he heard it - the tiny ping of an incoming message - and waited for Melissa to turn to her computer.  The reception area was mostly empty at this point, except for a few customers who were browsing through beauty products or waiting for the salon.  After a few minutes watching Melissa’s face, John stood up and made for the office corridor as if he belonged there.
”  He yelled this last word, enough that John cringed a bit as the sound echoed off the tall ceilings.
The stretch was a bit uncomfortable, but not unbearable.  He lay still and tried to relax as his body adjusted.
John relaxed into the embrace, let himself enjoy feeling small for once, wrapped up in Sherlock’s arms and legs.  Sherlock’s skin was warm and slightly damp under his cheek where it pressed into his pectoral.  Under skin and bone, Sherlock’s heart hammered away, the only part of him not to succumb to post-coital lethargy.  John had wondered if sex hormones would work like jet fuel to Sherlock’s mighty brain, whether he would solve a case mid-orgasm or leap from the bed toward the promise of adventure, leaving poor John forgotten and unsatisfied.  It seemed, at least for now, however, that physical and emotional components of sex temporarily overrode Sherlock’s fury of thoughts, and for once, the transport was allowed to indulge in the simple comfort of skin-on-skin.
Sherlock Holmes is sitting in his favourite chair, pyjama-clad and tousled, holding an enormous tuba.  He must notice John out of his peripheral vision, since he nods, finishes the scale, and says, “Hello!” as if it were perfectly normal to be playing the tuba in the small hours of the morning.
Not quite a month after the Scottish case, John had written off the porn as largely useless but had managed to find several audio files that had made him hard just from the opening exchange between the lovers.  One of them was of a man guiding his partner as if it were his first time.  John figured it would serve as a soundtrack for phase two of his homemade step-by-step-learning-to-bottom-for-a-giant-partner programme.
She smiled then, brown eyes twinkling.  “I will.  And, if you’d like, I can show you around a bit more.”
“Another time,” said Sherlock.  He suddenly sounded tired, as if the revelation had stolen all of his emotional energy.  It probably had.   “To be honest with you, I am not sure how to approach this situation.  Mycroft said, ‘use discretion’, which you know is not exactly my strong suit.  The best way we can see the inner workings of the spa is by being clients.  You are right that I am finding this whole business of ‘pampering’ and grooming interesting, but I am uncomfortable with the idea of being an active participant.”
“A rudimentary forensics kit.  Fingerprint powder, basic drug detection, chromatography papers, an ultraviolet blacklight, clinical waste bags, tweezers, scales, syringes, an emergency blood type testing kit, gunshot residue kit…”
“You OK?” he mumbled, rolling over to face his lover.  It was still new to think of Sherlock like that -- his lover -- but it was true nonetheless.  It had taken so long, but they’d finally pulled their heads out of their arses and got their act together.  Sherlock’s room became
John felt at peace as they toured the rest of the garden.  He showed Sherlock the wild places that he couldn’t really do anything to without power tools and pointed out where he’d planted new spring bulbs.  Sherlock spent a good 10 minutes explaining the forensic importance of pollen.  Eventually they ended up sitting on the brick patio by the birdbath.  Wild thyme had taken up residence on the right side of the patio.  John hadn’t removed it, and now it grew in abundance, green and fragrant.  John stretched his legs out and leaned back on his elbows, enjoying the sun, before reaching out and picking an overhanging daisy from the mass of them to his left.  He spun it idly between his fingers.
His pace was faltering, hips growing erratic, but John kept at it, sliding his finger tip in and out with every thrust, shallowly fucking Sherlock as he could with his cock or tongue, all while delighting in the heavy body atop his, the hard prick rubbing against his own within the circle of Sherlock’s large hands.  If only he had a mirror, could see the sweat of Sherlock’s lower back, the clench of his bum, the cheeks parted around his hand, John’s own finger dipped in to the first knuckle...
“It would be the most exciting memoir ever,” not bothering to hide his sarcasm.  “The first chapter would be all about staring at the walls.  The second, walking.  Lots of walking.  Scintillating reading material right there: Today, I walked.  Yesterday, I walked.  Tomorrow, I will walk.  Punctuate it with a nightmare every now and then for good measure.”
“Thanks.  Maggie didn’t talk to your dad about what was happening, Sherlock.  But she wanted to.  She thought maybe he would understand or find a way to help, but she was too frightened to go through with it.  I wish she would have.”
“Can you please explain to me why three of our clients just reported a man asked to, and I quote, ‘observe the irritation of the labia majora post-epilation’?”
John returned from work to find Sherlock at the kitchen table amid piles of papers, his laptop, and several large manilla envelopes.
She tires of dancing around it, tipping her head back and moaning dramatically.  “Dad, have you ever actually watched your own wedding video?” she cries to the ceiling, her histrionics worthy of Sherlockian Shakespeare.  “The vows!  His stupid speech!  You never take that ring off because you married him, too!”
“Oh yes.  Came in late last night.  Looked like a wet puppy, he did.  Soaked to the bone.  Could have taken a car, I’d said.  He’ll catch his death.”
“Easy for you to say.  Hey,” John said, sitting up again, “Lillian was telling me about this special package she does.  ‘The Fountain of Youth’?  Maybe Sherlock would like that.  He’s too ticklish for the feet thing, but I’m sure he’d find it very relaxing.”
The rest of the photos he’d taken that night were deleted the following morning, but this one -- this one John’s kept.  He’s somewhat embarrassed he keeps a photo of Sherlock’s arse on his phone, but his kink is stronger than his shame.  It’s not the curve of Sherlock’s back, albeit lovely, that makes John’s heart beat out of his chest.  It’s not his long, strong legs, or his smooth, soft skin.  It’s not his cock, either, which John loves dearly and suckles without a hint of bashfulness.
Over the course of a few weeks, however, John’s body accepted Sherlock’s bed as his own, was comforted by the familiar smell of the sheets.  He woke less and slept better.  Sometimes Sherlock would come and sleep for a few hours and then wake up again, and John was none the wiser.
“I helped Lilly with Mycroft.  He was such an easy baby!  He entertained himself, always watching everything and everyone.  He would play by himself for hours.  But you!  You were a terror, Sherlock Holmes.”  She turned to John.  “He was silent until he was nearly two, and then he threw the most awful temper tantrums known to man.  He made a colossal mess everywhere he went.  And don’t even get me started on what he got up to in the kitchen.”
“Oh no you don’t,” he said to his already drooping penis.  Sliding his fingers out of himself, John focussed on teasing his rim while his left hand brought his dick back to life, and while Fantasy Sherlock didn’t reappear, he managed to work himself to orgasm.  At just the right moment, he pushed his fingers back in as far as he could and pressed up.
It was currently 3am.  John shifted in the uncomfortable plastic chair.  He and Sherlock had been waiting in a maddeningly bland waiting room for their suspect to come out of surgery.  A stalwart nurse had told Sherlock that on no terms should he interfere with the process until Kerr was declared medically stable.  Both of their phones were dead, and Sherlock had given up on deducing as a means of entertainment; instead he was currently devouring the reading material left out for patients’ families: car magazines, dated copies of
Now that Sherlock was officially mobile again, John rarely saw him.  The day after their adventure at Winnicott Hall, John heard the motorbike leave before he was even out of bed for the day.  He worked at the clinic for the next three days, and by the time the weekend rolled around, he hadn’t seen Sherlock once and found himself missing his company.  He sincerely hoped that Sherlock wasn’t getting high somewhere, slipping back into familiar habits.
Sherlock leaned forward and rested his head in his hands for a moment before looking up.  Their eyes met for the first time during this difficult conversation.  “If I have to,” he said.  “But not without great reservation.  I will never lie to you about my feelings for you, but if I must choose between saving you or myself, I will put you first, and if that means I have to lie to your face to you to protect you, so be it.”
“Yeah,” replied John.  He found it endearing that Sherlock still asked.  Something about sex rendered the man practically polite.  John usually reacted just the opposite: arousal took control, made him more demanding and more likely to direct.  He had occasionally enjoyed a bit of power play in the bedroom with a few of his previous lovers, but he wanted the sexual aspects of his and Sherlock’s relationship to unfold organically, and so far Sherlock just seemed to be getting comfortable with his own reawakened sexuality.
“Well, there’s quite a bit more to go, as you can see.  Most of the perennials are all choked out by weeds and grass.  I think everything needs fertiliser and at some point in time I’m going to have to trim all the hedges.”
“People see what they want to see,” Sherlock explained.  “No use in trying to correct them.”  His earlier distress seemed to have been forgotten.
“Sorry,” said John, coming forward and offering his hand.  “John Watson.  I guess I’m lodging here for awhile.”
My dog went blind.  Sniffed his way to my side, licked my hand, my neck.  Nosed my crotch, panted laboured breaths into it.  He should have died there, in my lap, not in some sterile veterinary surgery.  I was his home; I was his master.
Molly shook her head and pursed her lips together, as if she knew something more but was not interested in sharing.  John suddenly felt very sorry for her and wondered how long she’d been pining after Sherlock.  He couldn’t imagine how one would even approach him, ask him on a date or something.  Tempt him with a crime scene?  Offer him a trip to a mortuary?  He smiled at the thought.  Sherlock had insinuated that he was gay.  If he even had a type, what would he be?  A suave intellectual?  A gormless prettyboy?  A flamboyant artist? John tried to picture Sherlock with another man, at a restaurant sharing a bottle of wine, or a concert, or even just sitting around reading the paper.  He failed utterly.  Whoever was special enough to hold Sherlock’s interest, it sure wasn’t Molly.
“...it’s aligned with the Earth’s axis at the north pole. It’s kind of a fixed point, something reliable. And there’s Ursa Major.  The bear.  Some people call it the big dipper.”
Mrs. Hudson wiped her eyes.  “You haven’t known him half as long as I have,” she said fiercely.  “And ‘addict’ is such an ugly word.  He’s usually, you know, not chasing the dragon, or whatever you say these days.  But then he gets down, bored, you see, and goes off the deep end.  We nearly lost him this time.”
John tried to ignore the sad but true implication: Sherlock liked him more than he liked Molly.  More than he liked anyone else, according to Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.  It filled John with a sense of wonder and pride, but also made him feel uncomfortable.  He might not like people, but many people
John turned and brushed his lips softly against Sherlock’s, once, twice, without any intention of taking it further.  Sherlock relaxed and kissed back, running his tongue just along John’s lower lip before pulling away and rearranging himself so he could fit under John’s arm.
“We don’t have to...right now,” said John.  “I mean, I’m game, always, but this is a big step and… I don’t even think I have any…”
Sherlock remained stalwart on shore.  He looked amused, though.  John treaded water and looked at him, how handsome he was with sunkissed cheeks and wind-blown hair.
“Hey.  Hey, Sherlock…” John stood, realising he’d stuck his foot in his mouth.  “I didn’t mean anything by it, I…”
Time passed in the slow, syrupy way it tended to pass in the small hours of the morning.  John’s mind wandered.  What on earth would drive Sherlock ‘wild in bed’?  Something off-the-wall, no doubt.  But what if… what if it were something totally mundane?  Maybe what drove Sherlock wild was a firm grip on his hips, or a tongue to that spot where neck met shoulder...
They left their bikes and walked the five miles back to Holmes Hall in complete silence.  Sherlock kept his hands in his pockets and walked a few paces in front; John, hanging back a little, figured Sherlock needed space.  Where did they go from here?  Would Sherlock call the police?  Would Owens go to trial?  Was there even a case against him?  Was this the end?  He could imagine how Sherlock must feel.  Relieved, hopefully.  Conflicted, probably.  A day ago John would have loved to have seen Archibald Holmes’ killer locked up for the rest of his life, but after hearing Owens’ story, he wasn’t so sure.
His first ten blog entries were under five words apiece.   On the first of February, he wrote, “nothing ever happens to me,” and intended it to be last last entry.  What was the point of writing down an uneventful, meaningless life?
“You know that the French horn is a divine instrument,” Sherlock continues.  “A man blows into it.  But God only knows what comes out of it.”
He puts a pillow over his head, grits his teeth, and prays he doesn’t commit murder before the morning.
“I asked him if he needed help, if he wouldn’t mind.  We used to talk all the time, you know.” Owens sighed.  “I know it’s stupid, I was a grown man.  But what we feel in childhood never really fully leaves.  I just…”  He swallowed hard.  “I just...I don’t even know, just
, something that seemed thrillingly forbidden?  Had he really managed to capture the interest of the world’s only consulting detective?  It didn’t seem real. He took another slow breath to try to calm his racing heart.
They both had a good laugh over the items to be binned: an appalling pair of 70s curtains, sheer orange with brown dangly-ball trim;  threadbare towels; a stained string vest; broken sunglasses; two headless Barbie dolls and a tin full of seed packets that were at least a decade old (she’d wondered where they’d gone).
“You should have been there,” Owens said to Sherlock at last.  “He wanted you to be.  I had something for him.  A parcel.  And I found him, balanced on that ladder trying to prune that blasted plum tree.  He was up too high and the pruning shears weren’t long enough.  I asked if I could help.”
Some two weeks after he’d been staying with Harry, Sarah Sawyer, from Harehills Surgery, phoned.  A short phone conversation proved promising, and John decided to spend the next few days in Leeds to attend an interview and acquaint himself with the city.
“Yup,” said John, taken aback by her genuine enthusiasm.  He wondered if she got out much, or if Mr. Holmes kept his staff locked away for days at a time.  “That’s me.”
He tries, unsuccessfully, to dislodge the seed by squeezing saliva between his teeth.  It’s a recalcitrant little thing.
“Besides.  I’ll bet you couldn’t reach your back, could you?  Hm?”  John reached down, found the muff, and turned it right-side-out again.  His hand fit in it just fine, so he dragged it lightly over the exposed skin of Sherlock’s shoulder.  “It’s all fine.  Come on.  I’ll get your back.”
Sherlock gave a half-hearted shrug.  “I don’t know.  I find that everything is different with you.  And I’ve deleted most of my prior experience.”
Somewhere along the line, though, John’s body decided to board the train to Crazy Town and the glowing embers of his platonic love for the detective turned into a fairly sizeable fire.  It wasn’t some raging inferno - not yet - and it happened so subtly that John couldn’t pinpoint when became sexually attracted to Sherlock.  He’d always known the man was good looking, and his confidence and fastidious personal grooming gave him a mysterious allure, but what he was experiencing was beyond simple appreciation of an attractive body.
Sherlock surrendered his phone to John with reluctance.  “Who knows, John,” he said, “maybe I’ll find transcendence and emerge a different man.”
John stroked Sherlock’s face, temple to chin, before leaning in for another gentle kiss.  “I can handle it.  Let me see you.  Touch you.”
“It won’t help.”  John thought about the hateful blue rubber therapy band he’d binned earlier that day (it was
When John returned to their table with food, Sherlock had the book of fairy tales open.  “Look, John,” he said, carefully picking a pressed pansy from between the pages.
“In the car, on the way here, you said that you don’t know anything about me.  I told you that was patently untrue.  You speak the language of feelings.  I speak the language of knowledge, John.  I know things; it is  my job to know things.  I can only tell you what I know.”  He finally opened his eyes and looked at John, who found it very hard to maintain the eye contact under Sherlock’s intense gaze.
“Of course not,” replied Sherlock, holding open the door to the hall that would lead to the pathology departmentt.  “Ruins the surprise.”
look good in a suit, is all.  I...I just look like John in a suit.  You look like you just stepped off a GQ fashion shoot.”
“Oh thank heavens,” Sherlock said, letting go and turning to Owens.  “I thought he’d gone and got himself lost again.  Ever since the accident he hasn’t quite been himself.”
A group of youngsters were being guided around by a woman in Victorian nursing uniform.  Sherlock eyed the children dubiously.  “Fine.  I know somewhere.  Do you like Italian?”
John narrows his eyes.  “My birthday was last week.  Had a cracking good time hiding in that blasted hedge, remember?”
The third morning, John had a bit of a lie-in and by time he woke up, Sherlock was gone again.  His flatmate’s strange hours never bothered John much; it was part of the arrangement.  John found the kitchen usable and Sherlock’s equipment back to being confined to the kitchen table.  Impressive.  Maybe Sherlock was trying to make up for his transgressions of personal space.  He went to the bathroom to shower.
“And who’s to say that the shoes actually belong to the person who was in the garden with your dad?  I mean, it’s very suspicious, but they could belong to anyone.  Your family was only here in the summer.  Who knows who was here the rest of the year?”
Seemingly oblivious to John’s plight, Sherlock droned on, “...until her husband passed away. Must be one of many children; left home for university in London but was forced to return when another sibling could no longer care for her mother.  Overqualified for the job she’s currently doing but earns enough to provide for both herself and her mother, but the house is falling to bits, and she is worried about the future. Feels great responsibility because she is not only the oldest but the only daughter.  Enjoys cooking and, even though she thinks she may be a bit too old for it, going to concerts with her girlfriends.
“Shhh,” John whispered.  “It’s OK.  Relax.”  He took one long look at what was laid out before him, Sherlock’s most intimate of parts, his anus, tight and puckered, nestled in soft hair.
I start with the flat of my tongue, a slow licking.  His smooth skin is so hot on my tongue, hotter than his penis even, that forbidden little part.  None of his female lovers did this for him, I’m positive, and it gives me a thrill of pleasure to know I can fulfill him in ways that no one has before.  The first time I did it he squirmed and wriggled and begged, asked me to stop, and then berated me for doing so.  I actually brought him off like that, his arse in the air as he fucked his own fist.  “Jesus fucking Christ,” he swore, after.  “That should be illegal.”  I was going to elucidate to him prior laws concerning homosexual acts but was quickly distracted by his own capable mouth returning the favour.
coming to London with them).  “The only thing that really helps is to get it moving,” he said.  “I’ll miss the pool.”
“So do you,” John replied, mirroring the gesture.  “Stubble was...new.  I really didn’t think you got any.”
Sherlock nodded.  “He wouldn’t have dreamed of it.  And I’d have known.  Mycroft would have known.  Love affairs are nearly impossible to hide if you know what to look for.”
It was raining, and the smoky weak light of morning filtered through the curtains, interrupted only by the soft, yellow glow from the lamp.  In the years since it was built, 221B had witnessed the lives of all sorts of human beings with all sorts of interesting lives, had been the home to families, friends, and lovers, had survived fires and tasteless decor, and had housed the newborn and the dying.  John wondered, as he closed his eyes to Sherlock’s bedroom, if the four walls that held them now had ever seen anything as beautiful (and slightly scandalous) as what was happening in it now.
echoed through in his head.  All the fantasies about Sherlock’s body came flooding back.  What would Sherlock’s body look like?  John longed to touch it, trail his fingers through whatever hair did reside on Sherlock’s chest, under his arms, across his belly... between his legs.
His afternoons were spent in the secret garden.  Now that June had arrived, the areas of the garden John had cleared were blooming in profusion.  He had been working along the side of the house and finally turned the corner to begin working on the north wall.  John left the garden gate unlocked so that Molly could come and go as she pleased, and judging by the neat and orderly state of the central garden beds, she had put in a good deal of work.
The waiter reappeared and cleared their plates.  John removed his napkin from his lap and set it on the table.
“I’m over forty, and, according to you, will be totally grey soon.  I have bags under my eyes, my lips are always chapped, and, in case you haven’t noticed, I’m bloody short.”
John’s eyebrows came together in concern.  He’d seen patients with the flu who looked better than she did.
“Yes, Sherlock.  We’re friends.  Good friends.  I, um, think.  Hope.”  He cleared his throat, having found the clarification slightly awkward.  “Now don’t feel obligated to reciprocate, please.  I just...thought you’d like it, that’s all.”
“I told you I could grow a beard.  It grows very slowly.  And it’s rather ginger,” he added shyly, dropping his hand from John’s face.  “I find it horribly ironic that, after all this time, we first kiss when I haven’t recently shaved.”
Sherlock looked at him, looking positively radiant, the happiest and most at ease John had ever seen him.  “Now that, John, is a highly guarded secret.”
He doubled back, took the main staircase down, and slowly made his way back.  The distressing and mysterious noise never repeated, however, and he passed the rest of the night wondering exactly what secrets the house held.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows as John toed off his shoes and pulled off his socks.  “Are we swimming now?”
The sun was still shining away while John and Molly sat on a bench next to the recently-repaired courtyard fountain.  Molly had taken her shoes off and rolled up her trousers, exposing white calves and bright red socks.
“Let’s go,” said Sherlock, standing up and brushing himself off.  “You’ll want to see the Japanese Garden.”  The closeness they’d shared a moment ago had completely evaporated, and John found Sherlock back to his normal, aloof self, as they slipped quietly out of the abandoned castle ruins and back onto the main path.
For a moment it looked like Sherlock was gearing up for a row, but then he, too, sat and folded his hands in his lap.  “I’ve upset you,” he stated.
I’ve learned the perfect depth, and usually one finger is all he needs, but this morning I’m going to dare two.  He’s taken himself in hand, so I take a moment to share my oil, pouring some in his palm and watching it run down his shaft as he spreads it over the crown.  He plays with his foreskin, pulling up and then pushing down again.  I’m sitting between his legs, and I can feel the soft hair on his legs against my own.
John's CV in the show isn't exactly accurate.  I did the best research I could from metas and NHS and RAMC websites.  It's not that important to the story.
As usual, he had all 25 samples arranged in order from west to east before 4pm.  He showered, shaved, picked at a few biscuits, played his violin, and within two hours, was bored and desperately lonely.  For John, that was.  He tried valiantly to occupy himself by tidying up a bit (boring), washing the sheets on their bed (necessary but even more boring), and seeing if there was anything under the stove that might be worth his attention (sadly, also boring).  Then he remembered the box that John brought up from Mrs. Hudson’s.  Intrigued, he theatrically dumped the entire contents on the coffee table.  The stuffed owl rolled off the table and lost a wing.
“Nothing.  It’s just that just this morning at Jimmy’s I saw this advert on the bulletin board in the doctors’ lounge.  I even took a picture of it -- quite the place, thought I’d show Margaret.  She loves old houses.  Sounds perfect for you.  Hang on a tick, I’ll send it to you.  What’s your number?”
With sudden resolve, John put his water bottle back in his backpack and set off back home.  Maybe he’d start small.  How to romance Sherlock Holmes?  Bring him a cadaver or mould cultures?  Take a stroll in the local graveyard?  Sneak him into a forbidden place?
Sherlock said things.  He said things that made electricity race down John’s spine, made him shiver and twitch.  Sherlock said things that made John’s balls throb and his pulse race, made him go boneless and spread his legs.
Sherlock manouvered himself next to John, pushed what would fit of his hand into the muff, and slid it over John’s chest, watching to see how fast John’s nipples turned into stiff little peaks. Instantaneous.
“I helped.”  Sherlock pulled a bottle of Pinot Noir from the wine rack and set about opening it.  He poured them both a glass and they sat down.
“So, what exactly were you saying about that bed?” he asked as seductively as he could.  Sherlock had touched himself in the shower while thinking about him.  Good Lord.
Lillian laughed.  “Well, yes, we have to recoup our costs.  Keeping this place running is a tremendous undertaking, and all of our staff are highly-trained professionals whom we compensate well.  The products we use come from all over the world and are top-of-the-line.  We even make some in-house.  We also keep irregular hours, so that our clients can get the most out of their money.  The spa is open twelve hours a day, seven days a week.  I don’t want to sound discriminatory, Mr. Holmes, but this establishment doesn’t really cater for the hoi polloi.”
As it turns out, Sherlock miscalculated how much his absence would affect John.  He returns to 221B with a bloody nose and split lip.  What had he expected?  John to have leapt up in joy, bid a quick goodbye to his date, and followed Sherlock on to adventure?  Sherlock had realised the enormity of his mistake the first moment he laid eyes on John again, John with his unflattering moustache, nervous eyes, and shaking hands.
Sherlock was back on the sofa, still in his pyjamas, where he spent most of the day, until John was so bored he decided it was worth the risk to attempt to move him.
“Oh!  Yeah.  Nearly forgot.  Found out from the girlfriend yesterday.  Turns out he’s got some crazy form of alopecia.  Genetic.  Odd, ‘cause it doesn’t seem to trouble his head, and its usually the other way around.  It’s an extremely rare condition.”
On the floor were large sheets of paper where Sherlock had taken prints of the soles of the boots.  “Normally these images would be scanned to a computer and then analysed, compared to casts made from footprints,” he explained.  “But we have no footprints so I decided it wasn’t worth the time or effort.  What we can tell, however, is that whoever owned these boots was approximately six feet tall, of average weight, and horribly flat-footed.”
“Oh, goodness.  Um, the Burnses, for one.   And the O’Briens.  But that was just silly; comments in church and the like.”
men chase each other down the hallway.  Thank goodness Mrs. Hudson had indulged in a herbal soother before she went to sleep, or she would have seen (and later heard) things that are better left to the imagination.
“Would you like to play my tuba?” Sherlock asks one evening when they can’t seem to find anything better to do and John has decided that he would rather help Sherlock stab pigs with harpoons than attempt Cluedo again.
The next thing he knew, he was back on the ground, face-down, arms over his head.  No sooner than his body betrayed him than he began to cry, angry tears flowing unstoppably and making his nose run, dirt and bits of leaves sticking to his face as he lay there hating himself.  Toby lay down next to him, as if to say, “Hey there, human friend.  It’s all right.  Happens to the best of us.”
“Oh my God, Dad,” she says.  Her eyes are, at the moment, smeared with mascara, but she laughs.  “It’s Rosie.”
case was your way of concealing them, that was pretty pathetic.  You should have chosen your underwear drawer or something.”
He had, three days ago when they’d first met.  But he’d said nothing about sounding the musical equivalent of a foghorn
Sherlock rambled on, but John was barely listening.  His mind had got caught up on the words “partner” and “I’d be lost without” and the very idea of continuing his life with Sherlock after this summer seemed to fill him up with some kind of incandescent, burning joy that he hadn’t felt in years.  Silly, really, to feel so much about a simple request.
“I’ll have the aubergine parmigiana,” said John, trying to choose something quickly and wondering if he looked like the kind of man Sherlock would ask out for dinner.  Maybe Sherlock
“John,” said Sherlock.   “I was trying to inform Andrew here that drugging people’s drinks is not only illegal, but rather immoral as well.”
“Ernie’s youngest, too.  Adam.  He’s easy enough to find at the post office.  Jackie’s dad, too, I think, used to meet up with Archie once and a while.”
Sherlock orders salted miso ice-cream for dessert, takes two bites, and pushes the rest of it toward John, who raises an eyebrow but accepts anyway.  They drink rich, sweet coffee and share a chuckle about Lestrade’s retirement party.  John leans back in his chair.  He’s perfectly comfortable, and for a minute, he’s transported back in time to the earliest days of their friendship when they’d gorge themselves after a case, sitting close in tiny, fragrant, back-alley restaurants, spinning recent dangers and frustrations into fairy tales just so Sherlock could go through them later and bemoan John’s overuse of adverbs and florid descriptions.
John heard the door click shut behind him and let out a shaky sigh.  His heart was pounding, so he took several breaths to calm himself down.  Never before had he had a lover whose very words affected him so much.  Sherlock’s voice --so deep and masculine-- was incredibly arousing, and the things he said when he was in the mood -- dirty things, frankly honest things, even clinical things -- affected John more than any feminine moans and whimpers ever had.
“If this is your way of telling me you won’t run off headfirst into danger, it’s not really working.”
Sherlock was breathing rather heavily, and he was covered with powder residue, but he smiled as he looked up from where he was strewn across the man’s back.
look, the way that beautiful little hole of yours takes me...you’re all stretched out like that...like I’m
prepared himself; his puckered arsehole shiny-wet, the dark hairs surrounding it slicked to his skin.  John breathed in and held it for a few seconds to calm himself down before taking his own wet cock in his left hand and rubbing the glans gently over it.
“Sorry,” Sherlock murmured against his back when John moved a bit, slotted their bodies together even tighter.  “I didn’t mean to get…” He pressed a kiss to John’s back.  “...aroused.”  He let out a tiny laugh.  “Again.”
“Depends.  These here are fairly new plants.  Not like the stuff on the front of the house.  Need napalm to get that off.  Been there for decades.”
Mycroft was quiet.  Apparently John had hit a nerve.  “I think he and I have rather moved beyond talking,” he said softly before standing and pulling down his waistcoat.  “I must say, John, that you are very loyal, very quickly.  Please do keep an eye out for him.  I worry about him.  Constantly.”
John took a few steps into the room and moved toward the sofa so he could see the entire effect.  “Looks…like home,” he decided.  And it did.  He stepped forward to look at Sherlock’s bat again when a thought struck him.  “Hey, what did you do with it?  Your father’s rose?”
John marvelled at it all, the masculine planes and heavy muscles of Sherlock’s body: the curve of his deltoid, bicep, pectoral.  He ran his fingers over the bones of Sherlock’s ankles, the arches of his long, pale feet, brushed his hands up the hair on his legs, thumbed a little smooth, bare patch on the insides of Sherlock’s thighs that made Sherlock squirm and laugh in delight.
Carefully, I raised the oyster to my lips and did my best to slurp it down in one go, like the woman in the black dress.  It made it halfway down my oesophagus before it came back up again.  Mortified, I held it in my mouth.  I would not spit it out; I would not gag or vomit.  I breathed through my nose, holding the little lump of flesh on my tongue.  And something happened.  Something marvelous.  It was all there, the sea, silt, and salt.
When John’s thumbs played over the arch of his right foot, Sherlock moaned again, but now John could see he was smiling, still with an arm over his eyes.  “That
“Shit!” she exclaimed, followed by, “Sorry, you scared me.  Your friend, Mr. Holmes - he - he just flew out of here.  You weren’t kidding when you said he couldn’t relax.  I’m sorry, I really was going to try my best.”
“No!  No hair.  In fact, I don’t want to hear about hair for the rest of the night.  And you are not allowed out of the flat tomorrow,” John said, the last of his anger fading away, being replaced with the exasperating fondness he had for this brilliant madman.  Manic Sherlock was better than depressive Sherlock, he reminded himself.  Sooner or later he would be neck-deep in some grisly puzzle and it would be back to insults, being ignored, nicotine patches, and pacing around the flat.
John raised his eyebrows.  He hadn’t counted on Sherlock being publicly demonstrative.  He found he didn’t mind.
Perplexed, John stood at the end of the hallway and looked at it from the opposite directly.  Had he missed something?  He was positive he’d heard the sound from the east wing, and he’d checked every room.   Something simply didn’t make sense.  Maybe the noise came from downstairs?  He walked toward the south again, counting doors as he went.  Five on the left, four on the right.  Shouldn’t there be another door? Unless there
John was reading an article about special teas brewed for relaxation when he received an e-mail from Lestrade:
“No, really.  I mean it.  You can use me as a reference if you’d like.  I should introduce you to my friend Mike Stamford.  He’s at Jimmy’s.  Might be able to pull a few strings for you.  He knows everyone.”
John unclenched his shaking hand and pointed at Sherlock with the other.  “No, you look here.  I’m not risking you getting hurt for this.  Not like that.  Don’t ask it of me.”
“Can I rub against you?” asked Sherlock fitting his prick in the cleft of John’s arse.  “Just like this?  I won’t go in.”
business. God, Dad, think about someone else besides yourself for once.  Think about him!  Think about
Sherlock is constantly losing the mouthpiece.  He tends to carry it around the flat with him, blowing into it every once and awhile.  He says it keeps him from smoking and keeps his embouchure strong.
“Oh God,” gasped Sherlock, and then reached down to pick John up so they were both kneeling.  Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s torso to keep himself steady and began to thrust in earnest.
John walked with Lestrade to the back of the garden.  Along the wall that separated the large walled area from the private --and locked-- garden, a mass of climbing roses clung to rickety-looking wooden supports attached to the wall.  There were hundreds of swollen flower buds on every branch.
John was exhausted on the way to work, nearly falling asleep next to Sherlock as he did research on his mobile.  They parted ways at the train station, with Sherlock pulling a suitcase packed with the boots and his case files behind him.
Once Lillian was in custody, John left to find Sherlock.  Sherlock’s phone was still in his pocket, and so he had no way of communicating with him.  John supposed he had returned to the room, and was pleased to see that indeed he had.  He was sitting in the chair by the window, shirtless, and staring at something out on the garden.  His back was an alarming shade of pink.  When he turned to John, he was clearly upset.
Jeanette kisses John on the cheek and begins to slice cake onto a serving tray.  Molly enters, overdressed.
For some reason, John’s not sleepy anymore.  He goes back to the sofa.  Shucks his jacket, plumps the pillow under his head, and lies down.  Something about seeing Sherlock
“She watched our wedding video again,” John says at last.  “I was so angry.  I lost my temper.”  John can hear Sherlock’s glass joining his on the table.  Sherlock is watching him, but John can’t look yet.  He feels hot all over, emotional.  “I don’t want to take it off.”
“Oh let’s see.  I’d get in about 9am on the days I worked.  I’d start in the kitchen, make sure it was clean, and check the list Lilly would leave for me.  She usually had specific things she wanted me to assist with.  In the afternoon I’d do laundry, sort the post, wash dishes, that kind of thing.  After the children were born I did a considerable amount of baking.”
“You should have heard them just talking away in there.  Apparently a woman’s salon is much like therapy.  Slap on a plastic cape, add water, lather, and divulge every secret you have.  It’s like confession.  With ammonia and scissors.  Could be extremely helpful on cases.  Would save everyone a lot of time if the killer just admits it.”
To pass among them or touch any one, or rest my arm ever so lightly round his or her neck for a moment, what is this then?
Joyce finished a stack of napkins, patted her lap, and stood up.  “Well, ladies, I’m off.  Got a grandson to babysit tonight.  Don’t worry, Navya.  This whole mess, well, you’ll see.  It will all come out in the wash.”
“Making supports for the hollyhocks.  See these?”  He stooped, laying his cane to the side so he could get closer to the tall plants growing along the side of the wall.  “They need stakes.  Bamboo ones, ideally.  All I’ve got is sticks at the moment.”
John eventually gave up and swam over to where his line was caught.  He followed the line with his fingers where it disappeared under the water.  “It’s caught on something,” he said, and then ducked under, following the line.  He opened his eyes; the water was silty where he’d stirred it up, and the weeds obscured his vision, but the hook seemed to have caught on something other than a broken tree branch.  He came up for air and plunged down again.  This time he wriggled the object free and brought it up.
.   If I were honest about it, I would have to acknowledge that every mental wall I’d created separating the mind from the transport crumbled to pieces within months of meeting John Watson, and sentiment, raw and powerful, has wormed its way into my chest cavity and insinuated itself into every fibre of my being.  I loathed it, at first.  Some horrible parasite, stealing my mental energies and rendering me soft, useless.  (Note to self: do not ever tell John I ever compared this feeling I have for him to
The logs shift in the fire.  It, too, has burned hot and needs replenishing.  It’s late, but John isn’t ready to call it a night yet.  He rises and tends it, poking at the charred remains. For as long as he and Sherlock have been sitting in front of them, John has always been the one who tends the fire.  He likes the heat of the flames, the smell of it, the way the flames are in constant motion.  He likes the shifting glow of hot embers.  He doesn’t even mind clearing out the grate.  This is an old fireplace, he thinks.  There’s been a person tending it for four centuries.  It needs a new hearthkeeper.  He stands, brushes his hands on his trousers, and looks at Sherlock.
Yes, he was very keen to get to London, to move into the flat with Sherlock, but saying goodbye to the people he’d grown to know and appreciate in Burnett Thwaite had been more difficult than he had thought it would be, and he hadn’t counted on feeling so sentimental about leaving the hall itself.  Sometimes it seemed just like yesterday he had lugged his duffle up the steps, cane in hand, a man with no friends, a man with very little fight left in him.
He relaxed and focussed his attention on the look of their hands together, Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers woven between his own shorter ones.  John rubbed Sherlock’s knuckle with his thumb, then risked a glance at his lover’s face.  Sherlock was looking at their clasped hands, too, his eyebrows drawn together, worried.  He didn’t offer an apology or try to explain himself, nor did he promise to be more careful in future.  Then again, John didn’t really expect him to.  Sherlock never said he would do something he didn’t fully intend to do, and John was, in a way, thankful for his honesty.  John squeezed his hand a bit to let him know everything would be fine and to stop fretting.  Their eyes met; Sherlock’s expression softened.
Sherlock tips his head to the side, slightly, the way that reminds John of a listening dog.  “You’ve  had a quarrel,” he says, evading the question.
John had insisted in putting on jeans and a jumper because if he was going to get arrested, he sure as hell wasn’t going to be handcuffed wearing pyjamas.  Once properly dressed, he and Sherlock sneaked out of the honeymoon suite, down darkened hallways, and through the doors that led to the spa entrance.  Keeping in fashion of the rest of Willow Cross, the doors were actually secured with an old-fashioned lock, which Sherlock picked easily while rain leaked through the trellised climbing roses and dripped on John’s head.
The day turned out to be exceptionally beautiful, John thought, as he and Sherlock walked around the gardens of the massive estate.  He wondered how many full-time gardeners the place employed to keep the grounds in such pristine condition.  The lawns were wide and brilliantly green, the gardens lush and abundant.  There were even worn paths that took a wanderer through the wooded portions of the grounds, just enough to evoke a true sense of privacy.
Mrs. Hudson questioned John’s judgement and cautioned him about bringing young ladies around when Sherlock was prone to have experiments on the worktop.  John assured her there would be no young ladies, and he and Sherlock both smiled at each other in such a way that Mrs. Hudson’s eyes went wide.  She clapped her hands and immediately opened a bottle of Bollinger and then drank half of it herself, nattering on about selling the house, the secret garden, and the joys of true love.  Sherlock sipped his champagne and looked at John in a way that made him feel hot all over and thankful that the tablecloth covered his lap.
John smirked and waggled his eyebrows before retrieving what was left of the massage oil.  He took a seat between Sherlock’s spread legs and poured a generous amount into his palms.  “How’d you know, anyway?” he asked, warming the oil between his hands.  “This particular one.  You knew, didn’t you?  That this was the one I was looking at while you were doing God-knows-what at that salon?”
Sherlock sat up and looked across the room to his evidence wall.  “It doesn’t seem likely that he would do so years afterwards, but it’s worth looking into.”
“If he really wants something to blow,” she continues, “he should just get himself a boyfriend and spare the rest of us.”
Now that he was with Sherlock, sometimes he enjoyed closing his eyes or turning off all the lights, giving his other senses a chance to indulge in the feel of skin on skin, the scent of sex-musk, the sounds of exertion.  Sometimes he had to shut his eyes against emotion; sometimes he had to force back tears that threatened to spill out and run down the sides of his face and into his ears.  He was, after all, madly, deeply, and wholly in love with Sherlock Holmes.
.  He closed his eyes, leaned in, breathed through his nose (sharp, sweet, earthy, musky, incredibly sexual underneath the perfume of the oil) and kissed.
“Neither have I.  Then again, I’ve deleted a lot of children’s stories.  Rubbish.  I kept the one about the mermaid, though.”
masculine feature that sends John right round the bend.  He loves to pet the kinky hairs with his thumb, slick them to Sherlock’s skin with his tongue.  He loves the texture as he slides his own cock between Sherlock’s cheeks, love to coat the entire cleft with his come and then swipe his fingers through the mess.
Navya laughed.  “If you want interesting, try the mud wrap.  Although something tells me you wouldn’t be that keen on being painted in mud and told to lie still with cucumbers on your eyes.”
“To the tuba, you idiot.”  A recording of Sherlock’s self-composed wedding song plays on the computer.
“Yes.  Well, I say friend.  Helps me think, sometimes.  Having someone to talk to.  I like company when I go out.”
John complied, too tired to feel the thrill of dirtiness that usually came when he put his arse on offering.
Feeling awfully twelve for a moment, John bounced on the bed a bit and said, “Oh, Sherlock,” as convincingly as he could muster without laughing.
“I think it could work,” said John eventually, stretching his legs out in front of him.  “You and me, in London.”
“The very one.  Turns out he was not as adept at falsifying wills as he was injecting elderly women with diamorphine.”
“Oh no, you don’t.  You’ve been thinking yourself into circles the entire day.  It’s time you think of something else.  Let’s do something, get some fresh air.”
“Go slowly,” Sherlock said as he shifted his weight, supporting himself with one arm as the other reached down and under his body to cup their testicles together in one large hand.  “Let me feel every inch of you.”
Later that afternoon John met Molly Hooper, who took care of the estate’s two horses.  As he approached the stables, he heard someone having a rather lengthy but one sided conversation in a peculiar tone of voice.  Poking his head through the green-painted doors, he saw a young woman in muck-covered wellies sitting on a stool and talking to Toby, Lestrade’s dog.
Second, I MIGHT be convinced to write a few “deleted scenes” from this fic, but I don’t foresee writing a sequel or anything.  It stands on its own.
The mystery of Archibald Holmes’ death was on his mind most of the morning, and he was looking forward to a quiet lunch at the local Costa, if nothing more than to clear his head.
It really doesn’t matter, though.  John’s memorised every part of Sherlock, including the one he’s thinking about now as he slips his free hand inside his pyjama bottoms.
It’s as if his body were made to turn mine on, to inflame me, entice me.  Even before we were lovers, though, John woke something up inside me, something long dead, repressed, locked behind iron doors.  He reminded me that I was deserving of love after all, of friendship, loyalty, trust and kindness.  Turns out my libido is amplified by emotional attachment.
He held himself still; John could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat through his back, felt the hot fullness of his lover deep inside..  Sherlock’s curly head was tucked into the space between John’s shoulder and jaw.
“Next time,” said John, adrenaline still high, stepping around the moaning barman to see to his friend.  “Call the police, you utter berk.  What on earth were you thinking?  Going after him like that yourself?”
Adrenaline coursed through John’s body.  He drank the last of his water and made a show of checking his watch.  Surely Sherlock would have had time to escape by now?
It was at that moment, when John was lying on the table smiling to himself and Sherlock pouting and turning himself around on the stool that the masseuse came in.
Sherlock opened a bottle of something, stuck his finger in it, touched it to his tongue, then made a face and hastily recapped it.  “Too ticklish.”
Sherlock finds himself distracted.  By John, particularly.  It’s been a very long time since he felt so strongly about something or someone.  He’s markedly happier than he’s been in ages, and the cravings for cocaine have all but disappeared.  His mind is stimulated and business is steady.  And while he still doesn’t talk for days on end or occasionally not even realise John’s not in, his friend’s mere presence -- his possessions (his mug, his chair,
“I heard you swear earlier,” she confessed, whispering.  “I wondered where you were.  This place is amazing.”  She walked down the gravel path, pausing to look at John’s handiwork.  “You’ve done a good job here.  I think those are hollyhocks.”
date.  Maybe he’d brought someone here before.  John found it amusing that someone would think a plain, ordinary man in a tartan shirt would be the choice of Mr. Brilliant Model across from him.
“Well, I’m in the ‘carnation room’ downstairs.  If you need something.  And I’m serious.  If you want to come into the clinic I can help you.”
“Oh, thank goodness,” Mrs. Jenkins breathed.  She collected her handbag and dashed off without even a polite good-bye.
a date: Sherlock even ate and had two glasses of Valpolicella with dinner.  He had talked incessantly about the soloist throughout dinner, but when Sherlock entered the Barbican Concert Hall, he’d gone quiet and didn’t say a word as they found their seats.  He looked perfectly at home among the crowd of well-dressed concert-goers, and he didn’t, for once, seem perturbed by the fact that they were literally surrounded by ordinary people.  The conductor of the London Philharmonic entered to applause, followed by the violinist.  She looked young; John looked at the programme.  He was unfamiliar with the composer or the piece.  Had Sherlock ever played it before?  John thought to ask him later.
“I think if I put this under the rose bushes, they’ll figure it out.  They’re supposed to love to eat aphids. In the meantime, this should help.”  She brought out a spray bottle from her bag.  “It’s a bit of oil, washing up liquid, and bicarbonate of soda with water.  My mum always used it.  It tastes bad to them, so they stop their nibbling.  You really don’t want to use a commercial pesticide if you don’t have to.”
The screaming in the night did not repeat itself, thank God, but John was constantly listening for it, and once while he was poking around in the courtyard garden, he swore he felt someone watching him.  He was glad his ultimatum somewhat worked on Mycroft; he was actually beginning to rather enjoy digging in the dirt and he’d started taking the motorbike around the countryside (at speeds faster than were allowed, of course).  He really didn’t want to find another place to stay.  Living at Holmes Hall wasn’t exciting, exactly, but he wasn’t bored anymore.  He didn’t feel any threat of physical danger, either, but he wanted to be prepared.
Sherlock’s face betrayed nothing.  John instantly recalled half a dozen instances where Sherlock had literally yelled about how “lucky” John was to have such a simple, quiet mind.  “I just can’t turn it off, John,” he’d say.  “It’s not a tap.”  And then he’d flop onto the couch dramatically and scowl.  If anyone needed to clear his mind once a while, it was Sherlock.
Sarah, as it turned out, was incredibly attractive and kind; she wasn’t phased in the slightest about his cane or the tremor in his hand.  The half-hour interview went well, and she assured him that she’d be in touch soon.
John suddenly remembered a newly single Harry, drunk on grief and cheap Chardonnay, as she ruthlessly chucked everything that reminded her of Clara out of their house. In the process she’d lost her degree certificate, her favourite childhood teddy, and a birthday card she’d written to their mum when she was six.  He didn’t want Mrs Hudson to have any regrets.  So he resigned himself to helping, sorting items into Give Away; Trash; Keep; and What-the-Hell-is-This.
“I need to think,” Sherlock said, and hunkered down in a chair, steepling his fingers under his nose.  He closed his eyes.  “Don’t wait up.”
“You should be bringing me tea this morning,” John said as he brought two steaming mugs back into the bedroom, “to make up for the state of my arse.”   His arse was actually fine; a little tender, maybe, but the whole experience of losing his anal virginity the night before had been far more enjoyable than he’d expected, and he was perfectly fine repeating it again - and again - just maybe not more than once in a twenty-four hour period.
John heaved a breath and squeezed his eyes closed.  He was home.  He’d lost his entire team, but he was still alive, and in one piece.  That was something.
John climbed back onto the bed, pulled the covers off Sherlock and replaced them with himself.  “I bet Lestrade’s team is here.  Let’s get up.  Have breakfast.”  John trailed a hand down Sherlock’s back and side, then sat up a bit and looked at his arse.  Still perfect.  Memories of what he
Mrs. Sandhurst was in her seventies but looked like she still spent a good deal of time making herself ‘presentable’ every morning: her hair was stylishly curled and her soft pink lipstick precisely applied.  She greeted Sherlock warmly and shook John’s hand when Sherlock introduced him as his “friend and colleague.”  She led them into a small meeting room that smelled vaguely of synthetic lily-of-the-valley.
Rosie sits across from them.  She doesn’t look shocked or scandalised.  Instead, her lips wobble and her eyes fill up with tears that quickly spill over.  “I don’t know what to say,” she says, sniffing.
Sherlock froze for a moment before turning around.  John tried to suppress his laughter, but couldn’t completely force down the giggle that swelled in his throat.  He felt himself smiling, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes.
“Wouldn’t want anyone seeing your bald spots, would you?”  John offered, trying to lighten the mood.
“It’s a surprise.”  Sherlock has rented a Prius.  John’s suspicion that his daughter has something to do with this is growing.
When I can breathe properly again, I scrub the scent of the pool from my hair and skin, washing thoroughly.  The soap is Italian and triple milled, vaguely redolent of olive oil and honey.  I notice is that a portion of the shower floor has been retiled in the past 10 years, likely due to a mould problem where the original grout had aged and leaked.  Whomever is responsible for cleaning this shower is left-handed and has a shoulder injury reminiscent of John’s: there are slight residue marks here and there from not enough pressure on the upward counter-clockwise scrub.
The spa at night had other-worldly feel.  During the day the pool area was flooded with light from rows of windows and skylights; those windows were now dark and rain-streaked.  The place was aglow from the lights from the large swimming pool, which sparkled like a sapphire in the middle of the huge room.  The wall sconces remained lit, but all overhead lighting was extinguished.  Shadows dwelt in every corner.  No quiet talking or relaxing music broke the quiet of place; the lions had ceased their endless spitting.   All was silent except the soft lapping of water.
“I took your hair.  It’s not as if you were using it.  It wasn’t even attached to your body.  You wouldn’t have ever even noticed.”
.  Something suspicious is definitely happening down in the spa; get anything you can on Lillian Gleason.  I found something in her office,”  he continued, holding the phone in the crook of his neck as he took out the tiny test tube.  “Something in a medical vial, unlabelled.  Jesus, Lestrade, I think she’s drugging them.  How did the drugs get into his system?”
“Okay, so that’s negotiable.  Just nothing I can’t get out of, okay?  It would be just like you to handcuff me to something and then go flying off on a case and forget me.”
?  You throw a fit because I collect a few random, discarded hairs and tell me your body is ‘personal’ and I can’t just take things because they belong to you and you let some man, some
They slept fitfully in a sweaty tangle and awoke with headaches and sore bodies, a stressful day of moving ahead of them.
Mrs. Hudson spent the entire breakfast trying to puzzle out why John was so chipper all of a sudden, and John assured her that he was just pleased because he had never had such exceptionally tasty bubble and squeak before.
It was still somewhere in Sherlock’s room, John thought, even now, maybe folded and nestled up next to his sock index.  It had caught Sherlock’s tears, real ones, not those he conjured forth for the purposes of manipulation.  Genuine tears, and John simply couldn’t ask for it back.  That square of cotton had been changed, transformed, touched by a god.  He was no longer worthy.
“And I’m not dead.”  His voice sounded hollow, disconnected.  He made himself focus.  His vitals looked normal on the monitor.  Nope.  Not dead.  Alive.  He closed his eyes again.
Smiling to himself, John put the rest of the toast on his plate and handed it to his patient, who wolfed it down.
, which wasn’t out of the ordinary.  Sherlock had said, at multiple points in time, that watching John’s reactions could lead him to various conclusions he might ought to not catch otherwise.  It was one of the most flattering things John had ever heard from the detective.  And, after all this time, he really
Testing his clean jaw with his fingers, John contemplated Sherlock’s earlier confession.  How many times had he seen Sherlock emerge from the bathroom, clean-shaven to a fault.  How many times had he studied the angle of his jaw, curvature of his lips, jut of his adam’s apple, the tiny moles gracing that smooth, pale skin, shaved clear of hair just for him, just in case.  The thought was endearing but also rather sad.  How much time they had wasted...
John drops his holdall and leans against the door frame.  “Mrs. Hudson rang,” he says.  “She said it’s been very quiet around here.”
John smiled and shrugged his shoulders. “I wouldn’t mind if I met someone,” he said, looking down, somewhat embarrassed.  When he looked up again, Sherlock was worrying his lower lip.  “You’re welcome to come,” John continued.
“I’ve wanted to do that for so long…” Sherlock said when they finally broke apart, panting.  “So long.”  He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
Turning the shower thermostat to a comfortable temperature, I realise that I want nothing more than to reverse my steps and finish what we’d started.  Every moment I’m away from him, even if separated by the mere thickness of a bathroom door, is an opportunity for him to change his mind, to remember all the times he insisted what we had was nothing, to reclaim the words, “we’re not like that,” and retract what he said in the pool.  (He won’t.  You
John considered making his way back to the table when he heard the barman exclaim, “Hey, arsehole, you nicked my mobile!”
“OK.”  John unbuttoned the button he’d been playing with; the little white pearlescent thing must struggle daily to keep Sherlock’s fitted shirts actually closed.  He unbuttoned another, slipped his fingers inside, touched Sherlock’s stomach.  It was firm and smooth.  “Did you have something particular in mind?”
He froze.  “Sherlock, down,” he whispered.  “There’s someone here.”  Heart pounding with a mixture of unadulterated lust and cautious fear, John sank back down into the water as quietly as he could, the two of them creeping to the edge of the darkest corner.  Earlier, John couldn’t see Sherlock in the pool from the front, and unless whoever had come in got close, he or she wouldn’t either.  John said a prayer that whoever it was didn’t venture into the pool area or go near the VIP rooms where one bespoke suit complete with socks and shoes still rested on a lounge chair  - its presence would pique anyone’s curiosity.
he thought as he lowered himself into the hottest water he could stand.  Thank God it was a practice run; he would have been mortified if he’d yelped in pain during what Sherlock considered the most pleasurable moment of intercourse.  He should have done more research and started smaller.  Too late now.
,” he said as acidly as he could with his split lip, bitten tongue, and swollen nose.  He glared hard at John before turning back to the wallpaper.
“Are you Holmes and Watson? Welcome to the WC. Name’s Leybourne,’ he boomed, pumping John’s hand while peering speculatively at Sherlock as if trying to work out which of the two looked most likely to be related to Mycroft.  “Sorry to interrupt your tête-à-tête -- do carry on eating,” he said, pulling up a chair from another table and miming “G&T” at their waiter. John didn’t think the man -- with his shock of white hair, ragged nails and dubious personal hygiene -- looked anything like either a spa user or a spa owner, even an apologetic one, but he didn’t care. The steak really was exemplary and he wanted to savour it without having to deal with a pouty Sherlock, who had, miraculously, managed to eat a few morsels of fish.
“Actually, Mrs. Hudson, I haven’t decided if I’ll be staying.  Don’t I have to talk to Mr. Holmes before assuming anything?”
She handed the muff to John.  Funny accessory, really.  He couldn’t imagine it had ever been fashionable.  It was soft, though.  He stroked a hand over it, suddenly reminded of a conversation he’d had with Sherlock not too long ago.
he thought, and quickly complied.  He rested his chin on his hands as he spread his legs apart and let his body drift away from the wall and into Sherlock behind him.  Relaxing, he savoured the sensation of his bollocks hanging suspended in the water and the contrast of the cool environment with the warmth of his erection.
“I’m going to ring Mycroft,” he said quietly, lips just above John’s ears.  “I’d like to be alone for a while.”
“More?” I ask, eyeing his testicles which are currently squashed against the mattress.  God, I love those too.  Just as John’s arse has a particular smell, so does his scrotum, which is really quite delightful.  It’s nearly a Pavlovian response.  I want to suck both of them right into my mouth.  I’m sure I could.
I’m dripping now.  I can feel it, an overwhelming need to consume, to ingest.  It’s probably not at all normal, downright kinky even, but John has never complained about my idiosyncrasies in bed so I kick off the duvet, haul him over, crawl over his back.  “Going to taste you,” I whisper to him, just so I can see the gooseflesh rise on his skin.  It does, and I kiss it as I crawl down him.
John can’t help but smile and shake his head as his eccentric flatmate launches into a rousing rendition of “Flight of the Bumblebee” -- arranged specifically for solo tuba.  Sherlock’s entire body gets into it; he moves and sways, a strange and intimate dance that isn’t as awkward as John thought it would be.  Instead, Sherlock looks completely at ease, happy even.  His long fingers flutter over the levers, and John has to admit: Sherlock is good.  More than good: he’s excellent.  It’s a complete surprise, and John laughs at the incongruity between Sherlock’s meticulous appearance on the streets of London and this man, still dressed in his pyjamas, clearly enjoying a love affair with the most obnoxious instrument on earth.
Sherlock became famous.  John became slightly less famous.  Most of London thought they were shagging, which no longer annoyed John except in its sense of irony; they had seen each other partially naked (although not at the same time and certainly not under romantic pretences), had come close to kissing a dozen times, fallen asleep on the couch together, nursed each other through pains and sickness, had playful bouts of wrestling and spent one very cold night huddled in some shrubbery under Sherlock’s magnificent coat - but that was it.
“I’m informed Sherlock did a bit of amateur police work,” he continued.  Mrs. Hudson had picked up some pastries at Mrs. Gant’s bakery in town, and Mycroft was eyeing the bag.
Sherlock leaned forward, resting his forearms on the casement and clasping his hands together.  He shook his head.  “A legacy, yes.  But it’s not
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a packet of forget-me-not seeds.  He handed them to Molly.
They parked the bike in Lestrade’s garage and walked back to the house. It had gone 10pm and the stars were out.  Not quite as brilliant as the night sky in the desert, but impressive nonetheless.  John found himself stopped somewhere between the garage and the house, looking up.
Sherlock’s eyes remained closed, so John deposited the proffered mug on the nightstand and crawled back into bed.
“There’s no evidence,” said John, taking the paper out of his pocket.  “But he’s convinced that his father’s death is suspicious and I’m inclined to believe him.  We thought we’d start by just asking some questions in town, try to work out who would have been around and might know or have seen anything.”
-- to the growing stack while another opened the door to the driver’s cab to retrieve something.   “Thought you ought to take this,” he said, passing a violin case to John.  “Didn’t want to risk it in the back.”  John took it and stared down at the sleek black leather, trying and failing to imagine Sherlock as a musician.
The car left the M1 and began heading west into the countryside.  They passed two small villages before Sherlock spoke again.
“No,” she said sadly, “but we will.  As soon as Sherlock’s gone, I’m sure Mycroft will find a buyer, and then…”
Sherlock held up his index finger for clarification.  “Bisexual.  Found loads of illicit Japanese male erotica in a steamer trunk in a locked room after his death.”
He had to let his right hand abandon Sherlock’s testicles in favor of leverage, and soon he found himself simply
“It’s not always that easy to pick up on.  People can successfully hide attraction, even deep-rooted love.  Sometimes for years.  Indefinitely.  Surely you’ve come across such instances in your research.  You said that love was...what was it?  Oh, yes.  A ‘vicious motivator’.”
.”  He was quiet for a while before he spoke again.  “Sally and I played in town, mostly.  One day at the end of the summer she invited me over to her house for supper.  I met her family.  I saw her father.  I observed.  The next day I told her what her father had been doing to her older sisters...”
“Jesus Christ.  What happened to him?” queried Lestrade as Sherlock studied blood spatters that were nearly indistinguishable from the florid 1970s wallpaper on the kitchen wall of a Hackney flat.
“OK, right.  Calm down.  I believe you, I do.  You’ll have to tell me your plan.  I have no idea how to investigate something like this.  Or investigate anything, really.  From what I’ve heard about your dad, everyone liked him.  You don’t think he had any enemies who would want to see him dead?  Or incapacitated, if he had fallen and broken a few bones or something?  Brain damaged? Unable to make sound decisions for the family?”
As far as John could tell, Sherlock had compartmentalized most matters of the heart in favour of those of the brain.  John knew that Sherlock cared for him.  Maybe he just had no clue how to show it, except for random yet perfect gifts or in the strains of late-night composing on his violin.  Those would work; John would take what he could get.  But sometimes it would just be nice for to hear him
“Not shaving.  Well, wait.  Maybe his chest was shaved.  The armpits weren’t.  Neither were his legs.  Or his pubic area.  A professional job, surely.”
“Mr. Holmes said you might need a hand with the spring gardening,” said John as he looked over what was clearly Lestrade’s corner of the building, complete with lawnmowers, bags of mulch, and various gardening tools hanging from hooks on the wall.
Sherlock gingerly lifted himself from John’s lap, John shuddering a bit as his penis slipped free from Sherlock’s arse and fell wetly against his thigh.  He let his head fall back again.
He’d honestly expected a stout northerner, complete with thick Yorkshire accent, not this bird of a woman who sounded like a Londoner and fussed over him like a grandmother.  She hung his jacket on the coat stand before rubbing her hands together in anticipation.  “You’ll be wanting to see your room first, I’d imagine.”
“They are,” John agreed.  He liked the look of braces himself, although he rarely had any occasion to wear them.  What would Sherlock look like all suited up?  Good Lord.
He couldn’t do much about being damaged or scarred, but the weak he could work on, and if getting fit again started with swimming and cycling to the train station, so be it.  Eventually he’d like to get the motorbike out and just ride around for a while.  There were the Bolton Priory ruins he wanted to see, and the local roads ran forever, twisting and turning through moorlands and hamlets.
.   How could he be happy with ‘normal’ after chasing criminals with Sherlock, holding on tight to his back as Sherlock wove through traffic.  Those were, by far, the best two dates of John’s entire life.
“Um, it’s, made from several types of stone, so likely completed over several decades or even centuries.”
Quickly realizing that he couldn’t take in the whole thing, much less half of it, without gagging, John changed positions, wrapping his left hand hand around the base of Sherlock’s penis and concentrated on the glans instead, licking and swiping his tongue around, tasting salt and skin.  He thought about what he liked and tried to do the same, moving his hand in rhythm to the bobbing of his head as he tried a bit of suction.  This, too, elicited a few choice words from his lover, whose legs were now moving a bit as he tried to keep his hips still.
Shrugging, Sherlock took a sip and put his mug back on the nightstand.  “It was an extremely memorable wank.   Utterly
James put away the oil and put the extra towels in a hamper.  “I know it starts with a bath - there’s a tub in that particular room - and then, after a twenty-minute soak or so, the client has an exfoliation with a sugar or salt rub, followed by a reflexology massage.  Lillian’s a master of reflexology - she’s completely intuitive.  Once she’s finished, the client has nearly an hour to simply meditate or sleep.  Most choose sleep.  They come out feeling like a new person.”
“...some evidence bags to put this” --he rubbed the slimy green growth on the side of the boot-- “filamentous algae in; I might be able to…”
“It seems that Henry Gant and Adam Owens sometimes helped my father and the groundskeepers with outside tasks and odd jobs during the spring and at the end of the summer once Mycroft was born in 1969,” he said as they made their way upstairs at the end of the day.  John still kept all of his things in his room downstairs, but Sherlock seemed to find comfort in John’s presence and managed to sleep, even if for a short while, if John were in his bed.  “The arrangement lasted a few years, until Mycroft was old enough to not need constant supervision.”
Lillian was stripping the linen from the bed and Sherlock was nowhere in sight.  She jumped nearly a mile at John’s intrusion.
John tried to read his expression --Was it interest?  Fondness?  Flirtation?-- but couldn’t quite place it.  “Yeah,” he replied, not knowing what to say.  He realised his hands were hanging limply at his sides.  “You weren’t so bad yourself.”  He knew he was staring at Sherlock’s lips, so close to his.  Was this it?  The moment?
John woke to light -- apparently the rain had finally decided to let up.  He spent a moment cataloguing his body (the first night in any strange bed usually led to stiffness the following morning) and found himself feeling actually rather rested, despite the earlier nightmare.  He showered and shaved, put on (his own) clothes, and made his way down to the kitchen, where he assumed Mrs. Hudson --and hopefully the mysterious proprietor-- would be.
John rubs his temple again before kicking the chair.  It skids across the linoleum and topples over.
Right now John is snoring in the cab.  Case finally solved, we’re heading home.  It’s three am.  We’re both exhausted and in need of some food, a shower, and twelve hours of uninterrupted sleep.  That, and sex.
Behind them, the thorny mass of Sherlock’s roses that had lain dormant for years began to bloom, sepals separating as the flower within slowly broke forth into the light.
“Found your secret supply?” John asks, quickly crossing the room to open both windows.  “Jesus, it reeks in here.”
Moreover, the blog confirmed what he’d already learned about Sherlock Holmes: that he was brilliant, rude, clever, a bit imperious, and thrived on constant stimulation of his mind.
Sherlock shook his head and flopped dramatically into his chair, tucking his feet underneath him.  “She’s fine.  It’s harder to track when a person is motivated by greed.  Greed is stealthy.  People who are truly greedy buy their time, make plans.  Cover their tracks.  Love, however, is a more vicious motivator.  Love causes people to overlook the obvious, to make mistakes.  Love affairs are all passion and stupidity.”
“Really naked,” supplied Molly.  “They found him his morning.  Naked.  I guess he didn’t show up for work.  He just...died.”
Once I tried to reproduce John’s underarm odour.  Not that he’s a particularly odorous person, because he isn’t.  He passes gas an average number of times a day, his feet do not smell bad, and one application of Right Guard 3D deodorant usually lasts him the entire day, even under duress.  He only truly smells unpleasant when he’s afraid.  Otherwise, he smells like a normal male. (Well, then again, not exactly.  I’ve shared space with plenty of ‘normal’ men in cramped public spaces who frankly stink).  I can tell a lot of things from the smell of a man’s sweat.
Sherlock gave John a long-suffering look, took a breath, and launched in.  “She lives with her aging mother, an immigrant from India, who came to England too late in life to learn the language well, nor did she need to, because she worked behind the scenes in the family’s...hmm, food? Catering? Yes. A wedding business. Supervising the kitchen, yes?”
As it turned out, he needn't have been concerned; Owens simply opened the back door (apparently he didn’t worry about intruders and regularly left it unlocked).
Sherlock isn’t able to play the tuba for a long time.  His lips grow soft and so does his heart.  It’s taken him a very long time, but Sherlock now understands exactly how he feels for his friend: he loves him, he’s in love with him, and he should have said so ages ago, should have realised long before he took a leap off a roof.  The golden instrument sits untouched.  The music in his head is silent.
“Nooo,” John laughed, evoking a mental image of he and Sherlock attempting to Morris Dance in full traditional costume for some obscure case.
Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock closed his eyes, right there in the middle of the room, and did something funny with his hands; his lips were moving, even his eyes under his eyelids.  For a moment John wondered if he were having a seizure, but then his eyes popped open and he gasped an audible “Oh!”  He turned back to the shelves, scanned it again, and plucked a slim volume from the shelves, and brought it to his chest.  He pressed it against himself, holding it tight, before extending it to John.
John unnecessarily held his breath as he moved toward the VIP rooms, and soon he found himself at the very end of the corridor, face-to-face with the door marked “The Fountain of Youth” written in fancy calligraphy.  He took a deep breath, said a little prayer that it wasn’t locked, and turned the knob.
John had always been physically small compared to his friends, and his stature, long before his army training taught him to size up every man the room: who was boasting, who was truly vicious, and whom he could neutralise if necessary.  It was his self-confidence and his ability to hold his own that kept his hands steady in the face of physical danger.  That, and his natural proclivity for reading people, is what rendered Mycroft Holmes’ ability to intimidate and most of Sherlock’s insults harmless.  But like any man, John looked after his testicles.  Oddity of biology, testes: the very place reproductive cells were produced, the most, biologically speaking, important cells in the male body, dangled outside in a thin, defenseless sac.  There was a reason why soldiers removed their helmets and used them to cover their nuts - forget the brain; better death that than flack to the testicles.  Men had rules about their balls: you didn’t hit below the belt in a fight; if you had a great mate that you wanted to pester, you could snap a towel in the general vicinity of his groin and hope you got him good; you could casually rearrange them if the need arose in the presence of other men; you could complain about how cold or hot they were. The size of a bloke’s cock might be impressive, but it was his balls that other men respected.  John’s were of perfectly average size, but any one of his army mates would testify: John Watson may be short, but that fucker’s got
“Good.  I think.”  He frowned momentarily.  “Right.  Let’s get dressed.  Judging by the light, it’s nearly morning.  And while I fully appreciate your current state, I don’t believe you are too keen on being caught with an erection twice in twenty-four hours.  It really is a spectacular member,” he continued, climbing out of the pool, his own cock still standing proudly.  “I simply cannot wait to get my hands - or my mouth - on it.”  He gave John a wink and walked, confident and dripping wet, toward his clothing.
that made Holmes Hall so dear to him.  If John was struggling to say goodbye, surely Sherlock would be worse off.  It was, after all, his childhood summer home, the place where he’d caught frogs and bred roses.
John couldn’t sleep.  He hadn’t heard any screaming in the night since the initial incident, but his intuition told him that he wasn’t the only lodger in the house.  Mrs. Hudson was cooking more than necessary and appeared worried.  Molly was even more on edge.  Even Lestrade, who was becoming less of an acquaintance and more of a friend, seemed on guard.
“It’s just fatigue,” Sherlock said, drawing him close, both of them knowing it was much more complex than simply being exhausted.
He sighs, showers, and changes into jeans.  Dinner is crossing his mind --he thinks he has rice and chicken breasts in-- when there’s a brief knock at the door.  Sherlock lets himself in as he’s done for the past sixteen years.
“Relax a bit.  Don’t be too stiff or we’ll topple over.  You might want to hang on to me.  Waist, not arms or shoulders.”
John thought about his blog.  His private entries aside, everything he’d written in the past month had to do with Sherlock.
Whispers from the kitchen can only mean one thing: Rosie is plotting.  John has eavesdropped on enough of her conversations to know when she’s up to something -- or trying to hide something.  She’s given up on the latter, mostly.  There’s not much one can get past her father when Sherlock Holmes is in the picture.
For a moment John was certain Owens was going to ring for the police; he looked frightened.  But then, something changed in his face, fear turning to resentment.  His nostrils flared like an angry bull’s.
The statue of Theseus stood guard, sword drawn, in the centre of the fountain.  John followed the path around to the front, where John could see the hero in his full glory, the muscles of his chest and abdomen sculpted in bronze, his penis and bollocks unabashedly on display between muscled thighs.  John looked up at the hero of Athens, who blinked back at him, bronze lids opening and shutting slowly as if frozen from years of disuse.  The statue seemed to inhale, then lowered his sword arm, which had been raised to the sky, and pointed.  “Go,” he seemed to say.
Sherlock twirled the flower stem between his fingers.  “I’m going to put it in a vase and let him puzzle over it.”
The first of May brought unusually warm weather, and John was eager to get back into his secret garden to see how things were progressing.  The peonies had bloomed and were now starting to droop from the weight of their ponderous blossoms.  John read that they needed to be tied up or staked, so he snagged some twine from Lestrade’s garage and, painstakingly, constructed supports for each plant, tying the long stalks to sticks.  The hollyhocks would need something taller, he realized: stakes of some kind.  He’d have to find a way to get them into the garden without looking too suspicious.  The business of cutting twine and tying up stalks was repetitive but somewhat soothing, and he was nearly finished when his hand slipped and the sharp blade of his pocket knife sliced into his index finger.  “Fuck,” he swore loudly, dropping the knife to inspect the wound, which was bleeding all over the place.  It was a deep, two inch gash that would certainly require stitches.  Damn.
“Oh, yes,” said Sherlock, gathering his wallet and phone.  “While I find masturbation tedious and generally unsatisfying, I simply had to find sexual release, and since you were so insistent on showering alone - and in the cold, John,
I briefly close my eyes and sort.  I sweep the irrational fears into the dustbin, put the rational ones in a file to peruse later, temporarily re-cathect my libido to engage with the Work, and make myself focus.  A moment later, I’m sorted.  Upon opening my eyes, I find Sherlock Holmes, the man I am familiar with, looking back at me.  I nod to myself, as silly as it seems, sling a towel around my hips, and stride toward the door.
The day after the face-slapping incident, John returned home an hour later than he’d hoped from the surgery to find Sherlock glued to his microscope.  He was still in his pyjamas and dressing gown, and it looked like he really hadn’t gone out, although he was clean-shaven and his hair tamed to its “I’m going out” perfection.
“It’s an incredibly complex flavour.  And just to create the flavour is a time-intensive process.  There are three subspecies of the orchid, one grown in Madagascar, one in the West Indies, and the original Central and South American cultivars.  Most of them are hand-pollinated, and was originally very difficult to grow anywhere other than its native Mexico because of its unique symbiotic relationship with the stingless species of bee,
On the first of November he was transferred to a Combat Stress short-stay treatment centre for six weeks of trauma-focussed psychological therapy.  Physiotherapy continued, with minimal results.  One day in early December an officious and thoroughly forgettable personnel recovery officer appeared with discharge papers.  John ripped up the first set and only signed the second by mustering the last of his dignity.  When he was released one week later with a metal cane, the name of a counsellor, and a meagre pension, it was into a world he no longer remembered.  He wasn’t even sure he wanted to.
John surveyed the scene.  “I can’t get down there.  We’re going to need help.”  He was just glad that it was the serial killer who’d ended up getting skewered--it was only a miracle Sherlock hadn’t joined him.  At the climax of the case, as they’d chased Kerr on foot through the park, John had watched as Kerr mysteriously vanished ahead of them.  Then he’d seen Sherlock windmilling about, feet slipping, and then John was there, grabbing a fistful of Sherlock’s coat and pulling him back.  Thank God for his reflexes.
Sherlock awoke with a flutter of eyelids and smacking of lips before he stretched and sat up, unfolding John’s jacket and returning it.  John took it and placed it over his lap.  He could feel its warmth bleeding through his jeans.
John passed the post office on his way to Marjorie's bakery, which reminded himself to contact Owens.  John had met the postman on several occasions and had never found him particularly sociable.  He was an unassuming and somewhat skittish man in his late fifties.  Owens had never married, and lived just outside of town.  John had to pass his rustic cottage every time he came to and from town, so he figured he’d just leave a note in Owens’ letterbox when he returned to Holmes Hall.
John thought about the things he'd had that had ended prematurely and stared out of Ella's window at grey skies and sleet. A memory floated to the surface of his brain. Burying Bugsy, Harry's rabbit. They'd been young then, still at primary school.  He remembered Harry's hot, tearful face on his shoulder. How he could comfort her when nobody else got it right. Well, until she was introduced to Mr Vodka. He smiled then, but there wasn't any mirth in it.
“So,” said John, breaking the awkward moment, “he could remove his body hair for aesthetic purposes.  Or sexual purposes.  That doesn’t explain why he’s dead.”
He looked at John for approval, who shrugged his shoulders.  It didn’t matter to him.  He actually didn’t know how they were getting home, and found he didn’t really care.
A minor case occupied most of their free time the second week after they’d returned from Scotland, and at its conclusion John thought that a kiss might be on the imminent horizon; John had praised Sherlock for his quick thinking and Sherlock had smiled, almost beamed, his entire face wrinkling in that way it does when he really means it, and John had wanted to reach up, to pull that face down and press their lips together, and he likely would have had they not been interrupted by the arrival of the delivery boy with their pizza.
“Only that my father was incredibly angry.  He knew he’d been found out.  He didn’t hurt my sister after that.  Went after my mother instead.  Maggie figured it was best just to keep her mouth shut.”
“It’s not a problem!” yelled Sherlock, throwing his arms in the air.  John hushed him, afraid that Mrs. Hudson would come storming in with a frying pan at any moment.  “Fine,” he acquiesced after John looked at him pointedly. “It’s a small problem.”
“He’s trying to protect me,” chuckled Mrs. Hudson, who set plates and then a steaming dish laden with eggs, bacon, and sausages.  “As if I need it.  I’m handy with a frying pan,” she added in a stage whisper.  John didn’t doubt it.
When they first met, John spent a not inconsiderable amount of time trying to work out whether his new flatmate had any kind of sexuality whatsoever.  Perhaps the impeccably groomed detective deemed acts of kissing and fellatio...or the inevitable messiness of anal play...as unhygienic or too intimate.
Based on a true story.  My mother-in-law did the same thing to my father-in-law during their first year of marriage.
The sound came again; this time the hairs on John’s arm stood at attention.  Jesus.  It sounded like someone was dying.  And God knows he knew what that sounded like.
Sherlock unfolded himself from the chair and stood before walking around and kissing John on his upturned forehead.  He attempted to walk to the bathroom, but wobbled on his second step, prompting John to abandon his post-coital bonelessness and quickly come to his lover’s side.  “You OK there?”
It’s a scramble into the position I want and John knows, he always knows, and he pushes his backside into the air and I part his cheeks with one hand and aim with the other.  My cockhead dips right into him, where he’s still loose, not all the way, not even past the corona, but it’s enough, and I make it just in time before I fill him full, orgasm contractions that roll through me like waves.
The blasting turns into scales.  He slides out from under the covers, throws on his dressing gown, and half-trips down the stairs.
After his shower he still felt stiff and sore.  The blue rubber therapy band was tucked away in his wardrobe, but he hadn’t touched it for three weeks and wanted to keep it that way.  Instead, he grabbed his trunks and headed off for a swim.
Sherlock turned the still-damp boot over to show John the sole, which he had apparently cleaned.  “Registered design number.  Bit hard to read, but still decipherable.”
But John’s familiarity with nudity went beyond the simple and easy naked camaraderie of brothers-in-arms; the fact he was a doctor meant that he had seen and studied the human body in all its fleshy frailty.
“What should have I said instead?” Sherlock asked, opening a cabinet and finding its contents uninteresting before moving on to sniff at the candles.
Owens actually gave a sympathetic smile, leant his chair back, relaxed his body, and crossed one leg up over the other.  “Don’t I know,” he said.  “But get yourself a pair of Docs, and they won’t trouble you so badly.”
“Pity, that.  I want a mirror.  I want to see from the front. God, I bet you look amazing.  I want to see you come.  It’s lovely, you know.  Watching you.  Watching you let go.  Jesus, Sherlock, I’m...I’m almost there.”
Just then, a nervous-looking woman entered the reception area.  John could tell from one glance that she wasn’t well.  She looked twitchy, and a faint sheen of sweat covered her brow.  Instead of greeting the receptionist, the woman came directly to Lillian, who was on her way back to the VIP area.
“I’ve deleted most of what I studied about literature.  Not usually very handy for solving crimes.  Lucky for me, John here is quite the reader.”
Closing his eyes, John sighed as Sherlock took him in his mouth, deep, enough to trigger his gag reflex and produce an influx of saliva, which he left there as he pulled off, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
It wasn’t long before he was squirming -- Sherlock knew exactly how to reduce his lover to begging -- but John let him take his time, control the pace.  He was vaguely aware he was humping the bed by the time Sherlock finally positioned himself.  Something about this moment, the feeling of Sherlock’s erection, a blunt warmth nudging against him, drove John wild.  Perhaps it was the anticipation.  Maybe it was simply sensitive nerve endings.  Whatever the reason, it was deliriously pleasurable.  Sherlock, ever aware of John’s little kinks, drew out the moment, leisurely rubbing himself against his hole, gently prodding, before finally, blessedly, sinking home.
Sherlock leaned closer to John over the table and whispered with all the venom he usually reserved for people he truly loathed, “Think she could induce you to orgasm by that alone?”
John took the medical records to the leather chair that he’d unofficially claimed as his and scanned through them.  “He doesn’t see the doctor very often.  Throat infection...elevated blood pressure...high-ish cholesterol, but nothing unusual for a man of his age and drinking habits...family history of heart disease.  Says nothing about
“You mean Sherlock, that is?  Yes, that’s just the kind of thing he’d like.  Or would have liked, a long time ago.”
It’s been six months since we’ve been together as lovers.  Six months since he left Mary and moved back in, having finally come to the conclusion that we belong together.  I fell in love with him all over again and this time, allowed (forced?) myself to do something about it.
He’s trying to think of what to say, sitting there with Sherlock looking more distressed each passing moment, when the waiter interrupts with the bill.  Sherlock blinks himself back to the present and reaches for his wallet.  John lets him pay.  They meet each other’s eyes.
John sniffed.  It wasn’t the response he was looking for, but it would have to do.  He had a feeling that Mycroft’s ‘dire consequences’ were akin to being relocated to Serbia or something of the like.
“Unless it’s not her you’re interested in.”  Andrew’s mouth curled into an ugly smile.  “Wouldn’t have figured you for the type, but if it’s that one you’re interested in…”  --he jerked his head in Sherlock’s direction-- “...you don’t even need my services.  He’ll give it to you just for the high, I’d reckon. Now move aside, shorty,” he said, grasping John’s shoulders to physically move him out of the way.
John’s eyes widened before he threw back his head and laughed too, both of them dissolving in a fit of giggles.  He really would have been concerned if he had walked in on Sherlock divesting himself of his anogenital hair.
“Well,” said John, who didn’t particularly consider autopsies as recreational as the other two people in the room, “I’m going to go sign him in and get coffee.  Be back in a while.”  He was nearly out before he heard Sherlock proclaim, “Fascinating!” and go to get his magnifying glass.  “John, you’ve got to see this.”
John’s eyebrows came together in confusion before it crystalised: Molly was in love then, with a man who would never give her the time of day.  Tragic, really, he thought.  She was sweet.  “I don’t think he’s really, um, interested in relationships,” John began.
“I don’t know,” said Sherlock pensively, popping a cherry tomato into his mouth.  “I imagine I’ll just have to wait and see.”
John sat up and stretched, dislodging his covering of tartan wool.  Sherlock must have put a blanket over him last night.  Smiling to himself, John wrapped the blanket around his shoulders and ventured into the kitchen to put the kettle on.  There was a note stuck underneath:
His heart beating faster, John kept the ruse going.  He drew his eyebrows together and frowned. “I’m afraid that won’t do it.  I need to either patch the inner tube or replace it completely.  May I use your phone?”
The rest of April seemed to fly by.  John worked two extra days at the clinic one week while Sarah was laid up with a sprained wrist.  He still hadn’t asked her out, wondering whether or not it was a good idea to mix business with pleasure.  She was enjoyable company and they frequently ate lunch together.  John thought he recognized a spark of interest there.  His libido hadn’t returned, though, a fact he still lamented.  He missed orgasms.  He couldn’t imagine trying to explain that to Ella.
John gave him a look.  “I know, and of course I liked it.  Obviously.  Shit, I bet Mrs. Hudson heard me.  But I wasn’t sure I would.  Then.  Maybe you wouldn’t like it.  Or that I’d fuck up a blow job or that you’d not find me attractive or that I’d say too many romantic things or make stupid noises or that this was some elaborate experiment you’d set up or that you’d be really into kinky sex…”
“Your honey is delicious,” said John to Mr. Campbell while taking in Mr. Chapman’s eclectic decor.  There was a fireplace with a few framed photographs resting on the mantlepiece.  John peered at a photo more closely: obviously Mr. Chapman as a much younger man, with a woman.  Then, two pictures of men with children of their own; John assumed they must be Mr. Chapman’s children and grandchildren.  To the side, a candid picture of two men caught John’s eye.  Without a doubt it was Mr. Campbell and Mr. Chapman, much younger, maybe in their late twenties, their arms around each other, laughing, looking off into the distance.  John was suddenly struck by a funny feeling.  John knew the two men were close friends, but were they...together?  His life suddenly seemed to flash forward; would that be him and Sherlock in forty years, playing bridge and quibbling about who last bought the milk and who lost the latest case notes?  It made him feel a little faint.
“If I had some oil, I’d give you a massage.  Too bad there’s not...”  John trailed off as Sherlock lifted his head.
John let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding.  Under the weight of Sherlock’s head, he felt his cock, which hadn’t been completely flaccid all evening, leap a bit.  Sherlock must have felt it, too, for he hummed appreciatively.
John dusted his hands on his jeans and sat in the chair by the window.  It was getting dark.  “You know,” he said, realising that it might be forward of him, “I don’t think for a moment that you’re really a sociopath.  I do, however, think you’re depressed.  An antidepressant might do wonders for you.”
“Nonsense, lad,” insisted the shopkeeper.  “I’m 89.  I suppose I still have a bit of a spring in my step, though.  I’d say it’s from clean living but that’d be a lie.  Now, here.  This is it.”  He pulled forth an old volume entitled
Sherlock shrugged.  “Bored.  Couldn’t separate my mind from the transport.  Later, John.  It is an unpleasant topic.”
John had his shower.  He had a fast but sordid affair with the conditioner and nearly bit a hole through his lip when he came.
“It really is beautiful here,” said John.  “I didn’t think I’d enjoy living in the country, to be honest.  I prefer the city.  But I’ve learned to appreciate the quiet.”
“Wait,” he asked, opening his eyes again as she went to pull the curtain.  “Where’s Murray?  Is Murray here?”
“When, exactly, did she have trouble breathing?” John asked Barbara’s fellow teachers, who had begun to relax now that Barbara no longer seemed on the verge of expiration.
As he wiped sweat from his brow, he looked around the garden and realised that restoring it to its former glory would be beyond his ability.  But the one corner, he thought, that could be his, and he could tidy it up and maybe get some flowers to bloom.  He hated being idle.  Military life had always afforded him some type of action; even when there weren’t waves of battle casualties, both soldiers and civilians needing his expertise, there was always something to do.  He felt needed, something he never felt growing up, always forgotten, pushed aside in favour of Harry’s drama, his mother’s depression, and his father’s inability to hold down a job very long.  As a doctor, it was his job to put things to right, to heal, stitch back together that which was broken and torn.  In some strange way, the garden seemed like a patient, like someone whose muscles had atrophied and had to begin the laborious process of learning to move his limbs again.
“Now this is Talfrynn Mandering Holmes, who married Imogen Vernon-Bassingthrope.  Killed on the Titanic.”
Then, as dreams often do, the entire scene shifted, and he was no longer in a garden at all, but flying, fast, a machine roaring in his ears.  No, not a machine.  An engine. A motorbike engine.  Yes, he was on a motorbike, but he wasn’t driving.  He wasn’t in control, nor could he see.  His blindness wasn’t unnerving, however.  It was liberating.  He held on tight as he tipped to the right and the left, as the wind blew through his hair.  He wasn’t wearing a helmet.  The bike gained speed, and he clung tighter, laughing.  The body in front of him was warm and solid.  And maybe speaking?  He couldn’t quite tell.  Together with the sound of the engine, a human voice, deep and sonorous, speaking soothing nonsense.
This is porn.  Vanilla porn.  With a hearty helping of testicle appreciation and confessions of love.
“Out!” said the great detective.  He looked Molly right in the eyes before declaring in his lowest, most deadly register, “I’ve got the sudden urge to
“OK, fine.  Nothing important, all right?  This is just kind of...well, it’s something I’ve wanted for such a long time and it just felt overwhelming there for a bit.  It’s just, it’s good, you know?  Good things don’t happen to me.  Nothing ever happened to me.  Until you.  God, that sounds so soppy.”
More intimate sexual exploits were probably going to have to wait, however.  On John’s first day home, Sherlock was already getting tetchy, withdrawing, staring at his evidence wall for hours at a time, unmoving and silent.
I also made a typo that Canola Crush found - I wrote "the hero in his full gory."  It made CC laugh, as she said, "for millennia".  What a difference an "l" makes.
Instead of answering, she gets up and hugs him.  “I’d like you to see the cottage,” he says into her hair.
The man on the ground looked impressed at John’s transgression.  “Oh, I’m in trouble, all right.  But if you don’t have any cigarettes, I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to piss off so I can wallow in my misery in peace.”
“Yes, I know.”  His eyes crinkled at the corners, a smirk on his lips belying his earlier feigned innocence.
