“It was so so so sooo good pops, you won’t believe my schedule! Every second friday, I don’t even have to be here until ten! And I have a bunch of classes with Ned too!”
”No can do, bud. It’s friday, so you’ll have doctor Pont at nine tomorrow, we’re not cancelling. You’ll manage to walk one block when Sam’s with you.” Tony argued back, smiling regretfully at him.
They got to the car just fine, not as many reporters had made their way to the entrance at the end of the day. ”Happy I’ve got no homework today, do you think we could go to shield? Or is pops busy?” Happy seemed unsure. ”I’ll give him a call, hang on for a sec”
The very best snuggles was in bed, a father on either side. He would get head massages, engulfing strong arms, and lots and lots of warmth.
Peter looked at sadly at his dad who had climbed onto the bed again. ”I’m sorry, Pete. The ear thing isn’t working anymore, and this really is the easiest way to get the correct reading. Jesus, Pete, stop it with the looks. Papa just left, I still miss him too much to give into your tricks.”
He sighed, and put his comic down. It wasn’t often that his parents fought, not anymore. He still remember it being really, really bad when he was about seven, so bad that Steve had spent some time at uncle Bucky’s house, but once he’d gotten back it became better and better. Peter knew they thought he didn’t know, that he was never aware, but one of two parents moving out for six months when you’re seven isn’t something you forget.
“Yeah, I mean, it’s just those stupid thoughts coming back. Like, when you say stuff like that all I hear is you not liking me, and-”
Tony sent off a text to Steve. ”Hey dearest, Pete’s in bad shape again. Worse than the usual cold. Spoke to dr. Green and got some tips earlier, so I’m gonna take him to the hospital now. He’ll be fine, probably just needs some fluids. Don’t worry too much! We’re bundling up, driving safe. Peter says hi, stay safe!! Love you!!”
Peter started brushing his teeth, but he could hear his father on the outside. ”I’m not saying you need to do anything now, Pete, but if you’re under the weather I’m not sure I want you going to the appointment tomorrow. A public office and the cold weather? Don’t think so. You know what, I just made up my mind. You and Sam will have to do with penthouse activities tomorrow.” Then there was nothing, and then there were footsteps coming to the room.
“Hey!”
”Okay. Yeah, I’ve got to say I think you should take him to the hospital if the fever goes over 103.8, or if it doesn’t go under 103 before.. Let’s say five. It might be just a cold virus hitting him hard, but it might be influenza. It sounds like he’ll need fluids from an IV line if he doesn’t drink on his own soon, as you know fluids and rest is really the only treatment. Maybe some antivirals.”
Peter and Steve were running on the treadmills, slowing down bit by bit. They had been running, rowing for a bit, then boxing for a long while. A good two hours after they had entered the gym floor, Peter was initiating the end. Tony had been watching, still sore from the workout he and Steve had done the day before while worrying about Peter. Steve was the one who had suggested that one too, always a great strategist in stressful situations. It was almost like watching him as captain america on the battlefield, always the man with a plan.
”Sam, did you know there’s going to be a new year ball in january, right after school starts again?” Peter asked, trying to keep things light.
Then it was time for Steve to get his cuddles.
When in the elevator on the way back up, Steve held Peter one handed on his hip, almost like a toddler, head resting on his shoulder. This freed him to sneak a hand around his husbands waist as well, kissing him lightly, quietly, so that they didn’t wake Peter. ”I love that you’re such a big man, honey. I dread the day Peter grows too big for this. He’s so adorable. Don’t you agree?” Tony said between soft pecks on Steve’s hands, mouth, cheek and neck. Steve could only hum and whisper that he never thought there would be a day where he couldn’t carry Peter, although he knew there would be a day when it would be a much rarer occurence. They reached the top floor and went straight to the boy’s room. It was quite far from the elevator, straight across the hall from the master suite. They both had a routine for when this happened, and Tony sat against the headboard of Peters bed for the teenager to be dropped in his lap. Peter was dead to the world when he slept well, but when he was sick he was like an octopus, needing the human contact more than usual.
”No, he got called away late last night along with everyone else. Just Peter and I here right now,”
”Yeah. I didn’t think about looking around cause it hasn’t been so bad lately, I haven’t really needed to actively remind myself of that stuff. So I forgot about the cars.”
A few seconds passed. Peter wasn’t really expecting FRIDAY to answer his rethorical question, but it seemed like his dad had been in such a hurry getting out that he’d forgotten to tell friday what she could and couldn’t tell Peter. He wouldn’t have wanted her to answer that question.
Tony steadied himself with his hands at the headboard, and lowered to give Steve a slow, light kiss. And Steve felt it again, those tiny tingles, this time all over his face.
Tony agreed with him in theory and they had agreed to raise Peter not to use his name to gain favours, but Steve knew that Tony tended to slip up at times.
”Pass the pancakes please, dad?”
”Tones… Tones… Tones… Anthony!” James finally got his friends attention, shutting him up. He was grinning. They were all squirming so much, it was honestly hilarious once he understood that nothing serious had happened. ”My god, you guys… It’s fine, Tones, I’ll talk to him. See if we can resolve things once we get back.” They hung up right before Peter came back.
”We’ll check it out later, sounds awesome.”
”I don’t
Peter wasn’t stupid, he knew his dad’s worried voice when he heard it. ”Fri, can you tell me papa’s location right now?”
He heard Tony sigh. ”Honeybear, it happened. I don’t know what to do, it was so weird at breakfast, I don’t know how to move past this!” Rhodey was confused. Peter was generally a good kid, what could be so horrible that the Stark-Rogers didn’t know how to deal with it?
A couple of minutes later, Tony took hold of Peter again, leading him over to a free bed. Aware that they were attracting looks, Happy placed himself between Peter and the other patients. No one were taking pictures right now, but it wouldn’t have been the first time someone tried that. Which was why Happy was shooting glares at everyone even glancing in their direction. Peter was priority number one at all times, a rule set by both the Stark-Rogers men and Happy’s own gut. The boy was vulnerable in some areas of his life and resilient in others, but Happy’s goal was that Peter shouldn’t need to worry about that at all, at least until he was older.
As soon as they touched down, Peter tugged himself out of Happy’s loosening grip around his shoulders and ran up to the pair. ”Pops, I thought you were dead!”
But the latest book he read, a book about teenager psychology, was the first that had mentioned the importance of the fatherly principle and the motherly principle. It had told him that for a teenager or really any kind of person, these two principles represented two very essential parts of building a mentality that would be stronger and more resilient. And Steve knew that Peter wasn’t exactly the strongest voice of any group, despite his many great qualities. Maybe that was the reason? It wasn’t that steve thought peter needed a mother per say, but a female role model who could represent this thing was obviously what peter lacked. He had Pepper, but she was a busy woman who was rarely around other than for when tony did work from home. Wanda would pop by and spend time with peter, but the two were like siblings. It wasn’t the same. Natasha was out on mission most of the time and Peter was a creature of habit, so he didn’t bond as well with someone he didn’t see regularly. And that was about it for Peter’s female role models that were close by.
to find our boy a
”Uhh, wait a sec, doc,”
The phone was lowered.
All of a sudden, he felt Peter tense up out of nothing. ”Oh god oh god oh god,” He whispered, while Steve and Tony looked at eachother, trying to figure out what was wrong. ”What’s the matter, Pete?” Tony said, reaching for his hand. Peter was already on his way out of the room. ”I just… Can’t sit with you. Not right now.” Peter said, a bit rushed. ”Think I’ll go to bed… Really early. Yeah. I’m so tired.” He pretended to yawn.
”Ooh, something smells good in here,” They heard from the hallway, recognising Sam’s voice and a second pair of steps with him. ”Sam, Buck!” Peter exclaimed, forgetting all about whatever uncomfort he might have had and met them in the kitchen door. Bucky did as he used to; picked peter up and slung him around to his back, the teenager latching on. As he was younger it had been carrying him like a child. And it wasn’t like the super soldier couldn’t still do it. But a couple of years earlier Peter had decided he was too old for a bunch of things, including being carried. Latching on to his uncle’s back, he felt way cooler.
”Hey dad, can I move to the couch? It’s much more comfortable, I swear I’ll do my work!
”Ready to explain what you’re thinking yet, Pete?” Tony said through a bite of lasagna, accidentally spitting sauce on Steve’s hand. Peter giggled lightly as Steve slowly wiped it off with a napkin, eyebrows raised, giving Tony a death glare. It was light, though. Steve knew he had done it on purpose, to lighten the mood. They had been eating in near silence so far.
A hand grabbed him around the waist, keeping him from reaching his fathers. ”Peter! You’ve got to watch out!” Someone said. Peter stopped squirming as he saw a car driving past him, the driver looking back at him with a slightly panicked expression. Peter turned to the owner of the voice, to see Harry and Lola Osborn’s chauffeur, Klaus, probably there to pick up their little sister. Harry and Lola was the same age as Peter, but they had started school at the normal age so they were freshmen in high school. ”Sorry, thanks Klaus.” He mumbled, before Julietta could catch up with him. ”Peter! Oh, I’m so glad you’re okay, Peter!” She exclaimed, giving him a quick hug before she tugged him across the now empty road.
Peter heard the door opening, but he was slumbering and looking at the sky outside, so he didn’t bother to acknowledge the nurse who was putting a hand on his arm. A rough skinned but gentle hand that moved up to push his hair away from his face. Then a dip in the bed beside him. Wait… Dad?
”Hey bud, I thought you were supposed to be sleeping by now?” Tony said, keeping his voice to a whisper. Peter was at the verge of falling asleep before they entered. Steve sat at the edge of the bed while Tony crouched down beside the head. Peter didn’t answer, just nuzzled his head into the hand carding fingers through his hair. He visibly relaxed at this, even more so when Steve started stroking his back. ”Go to sleep kid, we were just dropping off your clothes for tomorrow. Uncle Jim will take you to school and we’ll pick you up.”
Tony looked thoughtful. He wasn’t a big fan of making Peter miss out on routine and schoolwork. But Peter was smart enough to catch up even before they left, and the school was pretty lenient.
Sam and Peter was in the car on their way back to the tower. The two of them didn’t really spend a lot of one-on-one time together. Bucky was one of Peters godfathers, and Sam was engaged to Bucky. He had entered their lives several years ago and Peter couldn’t remember a time he didn’t know Sam, but Bucky would always be the natural choice for babysitting and such. That didn’t mean Peter wasn’t comfortable with Sam, though. Although he never officially quit, Sam rarely went on missions as falcon anymore. He was a peoples person by heart and his daytime gig was once again at the VA as a counsellor.
Steve quieted down, but fastened his grip on Tony as they closed in on the tower. ”Is Peter okay?” Tony tried remembering what had been said and done before he had left, and realized he had forgotten to limit Friday’s information flow to him. All Peter knew was that his papa had been in a car accident.
“Shh, babe quiet! I swear to god, if you wake Peter up now I’m banishing you to the guest room!”
, why do you always have to
He rolled his eyes and turned around. The pouty face returned, but his dad was so terrible at this. They would be there all night if Peter didn’t take action. ”Dad, what does pops like to do? He likes his non-fiction books, right? And he’s artistic. When working, he’s in some type of gear but he always brings his wallet, mainly because of the family pictures he has there. And when he doesn’t work, he literally has three outfits that he switches between, always. So I propose you get some of those family pictures from last week printed and put into a new wallet, buy him a casual but christmassy outfit for the holidays and also a couple of books about something he likes. Stop making this thing so damn hard for yourself, and take me home please!” Peter ranted, while he dragged his dad into a clothes store and picked out some of the pants he knew his papa always wore.
”I’m so full of ice cream you guys have to either roll me upstairs or let me sleep right here.” Pete said, leaning down so he was on his side with his head in Tony’s lap. Steve took his feet and put them on his lap.
So Peter knocked on the master’s door and opened it before anyone could answer, “Dad! You won’t believe my schedule for school. I’ll show you everything later but every second friday I don’t start until ten!”
There was a small laugh from inside. ”It’s safe, Pete.” He entered cautiously.
”I thought all of them were choices I had? What if I want to hang out here all day, or down in the lobby?” Peter teased, his dad hated him hanging about in the lobby. Peter never knew the exact reason, but Happy had hinted that it had something to do with the weakened safety in the area.
Nurses came in occasionally checking on Peter. They had tried a bit of breakfast, but Peter’s throat hurt even swallowing his own spit, let alone food. He hadn’t gotten much down, despite his papa helping and motivating the best he could. And Peter was coughing now, deep coughs racketing through his whole body, hurting so badly but he wasn’t able to stop them from coming.
“Oh, thanks! I know exactly where we’re going. You’re gonna love it. It’s called Harry. It’s this brand new restaurant not far from here, though I think you might wanna call ahead, it’s quite popular,”
Peter sighed, rolled his eyes and went to lie on his papa’s side of the bed. The man insisted on still taking Peter’s temperature with a thermometer in his butt because when Peter was a toddler, his pediatrician had told them that would give the most correct reading. Tony rolled his eyes playfully, as Steve made a deal with the boy. ”If you’re on the wrong side of the fever limit, your body is still fighting something and you’ll stay in. If you don’t have a fever we’ll let you go out for a couple  of hours..” Peter agreed, pretty sure he didn’t still have a fever. He was truly feeling better, just tired. He supposed he’d just slept poorly again.
”Well, if he, a… a grown man, an- an experienced human being, doesn’t know what to say, why does he expect me to?” Peter said, just as slowly. He really didn’t know what to do, he felt like talking to his fathers but didn’t know what he would say. ”Well,” James started. ”I don’t think any of you need to say anything, really. I remember walking in on my parents at your age, and we didn’t really talk about it either. I think the difference is that we didn’t want to talk about it, we just spent a couple of days getting past it, and then pretended like it never happened. It’s what most people do, actually.” Peter looked up. Could they just pretend like nothing happened? It wasn’t what they ever did about stuff, they always sat down to talk about things when something happened.
Steve couldn’t believe his eyes or ears. Was Tony really this careless? It was Peter they were talking about. The wellbeing of their most cherished possession, and Tony was clutching his stomach, holding onto Steve's shoulder so he wouldn’t fall? This was the worst thing he had ever experienced. It had to be some horrible nightmare, Tony was usually so adamant about Peter having everything he needed. That’s why Steve went to do what he normally does when situations turn out to be dreams. He turns around and walks away, returning to his bed so he can wake up.
Peter sighed. ”But dad, I thought the medication was supposed to be helping? Why am I still like this?” The boy laid his fork down, placing his face in his hands.
Peter wasn’t ever alone in a building. They had allowed him to be alone in the penthouse for short periods of time, but there was always some kind of security around the kid. Peter didn’t really mind, because part of his security detail was his family, so it wasn’t normal that he went with the normal security team. Kids in school with similar situations to Peter had normal security hanging around all the time, and they complained all the time.
Peter was still breathing faster than normal, hands clenching around the workout gear, feet almost walking in place. But he held onto Steve’s gaze, tears welling up in his eyes once again. ”Promise?”
After saying good night to the others downstairs, Peter pretended to lean on his dad and almost fall over the whole way upstairs and into his room. He was annoying Tony into pushing him jokingly onto the bed as soon as they got there, wrapping his son up in the top blanket, face and all. This prompted Peter to pull the man down with him, starting a small wrestling match on the bed. Which all of a sudden stopped, Peter’s giggles dying down as he tried figuring out why Tony was eyeing him suspiciously. ”You’re warm. As in fever warm.” He said, feeling Peter’s forehead, cheeks, neck, back.
”So listen, Tony are you there too?”
Tony showed off two different suits for Steve to pick. “Yeah, papa told me about the schedule. Sounds great, Pete. Now, I want to know all about this new school of yours. How was it?”
Weekends would always be good in the Stark-Rogers residence, but they rarely had family visit before dinner time on sundays. The superhusbands (came from the media, but the avenger family had teasingly adopted the nickname many years back) used the weekends to catch up on what they couldn’t do the rest of the week, including spending quality time with their son. And when Peter wasn’t sandwiched between his fathers, he was spending time with his friends or doing school work. And while Bucky and Sam usually saw Peter a couple of times a week, they were always keen on getting in more. ”Peter, you’re coming out with us today. Contrary to popular belief in this tower, you can actually step outside while sick,” Bucky said, shooting a quick glare at an offended Steve.
A new kiss was initiated by Tony, this time deeper, harder.
A few seconds later, Tony rolled out from the underside of a car. Steve stepped forward to help him up, his husband wasn’t as flexible as he once used to be.
”What did you guys do today?” Steve asked, rubbing Peters back as they went in the elevator. Peter had a habit of leaning into the big man’s side when he did that, giving Steve the chance to hug his son close who frankly was getting too big now, despite being a bit underdeveloped physically.
”All right, pick someone and come here, I’ll tie and fasten everything.”
”Pete! No, Peter, not that office today. Pete? Peter, listen to me-” Peter was marching towards Steves closest office, the biggest one of the two he had. There was no way he was listening to papa at that point. Steve didn’t like that Peter always watched tv in his office, so he always wanted them to go to the smaller one. Peter thought he deserved tv that day, though.
Peter said ”Exhausting.”
“We’ve agreed multiple times that we weren’t making him used to money letting him get anything, anytime! We agreed, Tony, to not make him be like - like-”
”You can postpone that until the morning, Papa. I’m just going to sleep now anyways, no need for any check up until the morning, I assure you that’s what dr. Green would say, too.” Peter complained, not even looking at either father as he continues his bedtime routine to the closet. There were huffs.
Between his second and third period, Peter was on his way to the art classroom when he bumped into his dad and papa in the hallway. ”Hey kid, fancy bumping into you here!” dad exclaimed. ”Guys, what are you doing here? I didn’t forget anything, did I?” Peter asked. It wasn’t that rare for parents to show up in school, but Peter didn’t know anything was planned for that day. Also, they usually sent Happy if there was an issue. Papa put a hand on his shoulder and lead him into a side hallway, a bit more secluded.
Thank you for taking the time to read this! It very quickly became way longer than anticipated, I'm sorry if you thought it was too long.
”Here. Make him get changed and I’ll go set up the couch after showering,” Steve whispered, handing Tony a pair of Peter’s pajamas. Tony started playfully poking his son in the sides, rubbing his back so he would wake up. After a few minutes Peter stirred and his eyes opened slightly, before he sighed and shut them again, curling into his dad. ”Where’s my jacket? Just so you know I have a deal with Ned, I have to be there by six, I need to get going,” Peter said, very obviously pretending like he didn’t know he had just been carried to bed by people who had definitely felt his fever-hot forehead. Tony laughed quietly, not needing to tell the kid that the movies would be a no-go. ”I’ll text Ned’s mom, he’ll be fine. You, however, should put these on. If we don’t get down there soon, papa’s gonna put on that super old movie he loves,” Peter didn’t need to hear more, going to his bathroom to get changed. Tony stopped by the bedroom to change into sweats, and joined Steve in the kitchen cooking a couple of frozen pizzas and tea for Peter. Entering the living room, Peter was glaring at them both, not saying a word as he settled in his spot between them.
As expected, Tony found his husband with an armful of Peter. They weren’t talking, nor crying. The salad was finished, and the timer for the food told them two minutes was remaining. They were just standing there, finding comfort in each other. ”Hey, I want in on this too!” Tony exclaimed, and Steve smiled back. They extended their arms to wrap around eachother, so Peter was squished in the middle. He squirmed for a bit, and managed to turn around so his head now rested on Tony’s shoulder.
Peter was puzzled. The project on the table was long forgotten, and they had migrated over to the small couch in the room. Did the man have a point? ”Uncle Jim, do you think I could sleep here tonight?” He asked. ”Don’t get me wrong, I heard everything you said, I just… Think I’d rather sleep on it without having to talk to them, If that’s okay?”
, very funny. How’s peter?”
“Love you too”
”Yeah, you’ve got that right. Peter started feeling something last night, and has gotten worse ever since. He was barely awake enough to join me in walking upstairs just now. He’s completely knocked out, I’m getting worried.”
to work, Steve!”. He pretended to sleep through that one, feeling slightly like a burden. He also heard Steve leaving for work after he had leaned over Tony to stroke his hair, before kissing both of their foreheads.
So Tony climbed into bed behind him, so Peter could rest against his dad’s chest while Steve plated up the fruit and kept it in his lap. Peter felt them looking at him, then looking at each other, having some silent conversation before a grape was presented to him. A conversation was started between the two, talking lightly. Peter could feel Tony’s chest rumble behind him, and found the slight movements calming. As he listened to his parents speak, Peter accepted a few more pieces of fruit.
“Like me? Like how
”Tony. I know you guys by now. You’re fully capable to deal with this alone. Listen to your gut, that’s your dad talent speaking. Peter will be fine, like he always is. Do you hear me?”
It wasn’t long before dr. Garcia came in. Steve and Tony had just eaten some of the sandwiches Steve had brought, and they had placed Peters clothes in the dresser. From the way their son was looking at the moment, they were surely staying through the weekend at least.
Kudos and comments are greatly appreciated if you enjoyed the work :)
Tony’s eyes softened. ”Hey. I know that look. Whatever is going on inside that head of yours, please share it. You know we talked about this when we still went to that therapist. Joys double in size when shared, and worries gets split in two.”
After whispering goodnight wishes, they went back outside. ”See, now he was too tired to remember being awkward with you guys, and it’ll be all better tomorrow. It’s your turn to relax about it, walking in on your parents is so usual it’s basically a milestone. Now go home and get some sleep, I’ll return the kid in one piece tomorrow. Promise.” Rhodey said to the pair, ushering them out the door. ”See you sunday!”
”Really? No, I didn’t. Are you looking forward to it? Anyone you wanna ask to go with you?” Damn. Right on the spot. Well, actually not. Kinda. ”Well, I don’t know. Suppose not. Can’t decide,” Peter said, looking dismissively out the window, having said enough for now. They fell back into their comfortable silence, occasionally interrupted with either of them pointing out fun christmas window displays to the other.
The doctor nodded along. ”Ah, well, teenage boys, am i right?” Steve laughed. ”Yeah, I guess. Hey, are you going up to the ward now?”
It felt good being taken care of like that. He had been in hospital many times throughout his childhood. At home he was cuddly and relied a lot on touch like his fathers, but was still adamant on doing things himself and not relying too much on the help from his dads. But there had been times in hospital where he didn’t really have a choice, and preferred dad and papa to help him instead of nurses. Because of that, hospital became an exception to his own rule. If he felt the need for help to anything and everything, he accepted what was offered. There were never anyone else visiting unless Peter felt like it anyway, just the three of them.
Tony had stopped by Rhodey’s place to update him on Peter, but Rhodey was in the shower after getting home from the mission so Tony settled on the couch while he waited.
”Uh-huh. So a high fever, exhaustion. Any other symptoms?”
Peter shrugged, only mumbling a ”Only when I stand” as he turned his head around, nuzzling into Tony’s hand that was resting on Peter’s shoulder. The doctor nodded, mostly to himself, getting up, sensing that Peter had declared the conversation over. Then he locked eyes with Tony and Steve. ”If you guys would give me twenty minutes to read up on his previous files, I’d appreciate that. Then it’d be nice if you could both come find me at the nurses station. I’ll fill you in on what I’m thinking. Okay?” The pair nodded in response. Tony glanced at the time to keep track, but his eyes were soon back to Peter, who was looking dead on his feet. ”I’ll see you later today, Peter”
”I promise we’ll help.”
”What about this, Squirt? Think he’ll like a new running outfit?” his father interrupted his grudgeful thoughts. ”I don’t know and I don’t care, dad. Can I pleeeease go home now? I’ve finished up all my presents, I should be socialising with people my own age, not helping you with problems that you’ve caused to yourself!” Peter practically whined, resting his head against the back of  his dads shoulder. Detention was exhausting, and Peter hadn’t gotten the best week of sleep. He thought he was coming down with a cold, but didn’t want to say anything before he had to. His fathers always made such a fuss of him when sick, and it wasn’t like he disliked being babied for a few days once in a while, no he loved that. But he wouldn’t get to go to the movies if they knew about his slight headache and tingly throat, so he kept that on the down low.
Peter could hear the smile in papa’s voice. ”I look forward to getting home, I was thinking I’d bring Bucky and Sam, so you don’t miss out on your day with them? Dad and I have some stuff we need to do anyways.”
”There you go. Hold on a sec, Pete, just sit here for a minute, take a break. Steve, you getting the fuzzy socks?” As they pulled on a sock each, Peter grabbed hold of their shoulders, scooching forward to get out of bed. Steve took hold of him as Tony went to find new clothes, all of them meeting in the bathroom where Peter was sitting on the toilet. ”We’ll give you a couple of minutes, Pete. Let us know when you’re done, if you need help with anything.” Steve soothed, closing the door behind them. They were lucky to have gotten a single room. There weren’t a lot of patients in at the moment, so both the staff and the physical environment was calm and quiet.
When they were in the car, Ned texted them about the paparazzi in front of the school. It was less than 48 hours since he bad broken the news about his sexuality, so it was expected that day. Happy grumbled about the schools entrances for the millionth time. There were back and side entrances, but you’d have to walk past the front one to get to them, so there was no point in using another one for Peter to get by the vultures. This was the part he didn’t like about being famous, this uproar that happened every time something happened in their lives.
”Yeah. Yeah, all right. Right, yeah. Sorry, just writing this down.” His breath was shaking a bit at this point.
Steve turned against Peter, and Peter turned against Steve.
I appreciate kudos and comments if you liked it, and I'm also available to talk on my tumblr at the username "lerums".
Ever since he was little, Peter had had a bad immune defence. His mother, one of many girls Tony had spent the night with at the time, had gotten pregnant and never told Tony about this. He was for some reason still listed as the father on the birth certificate, though, and after the mother had died of a drug overdose Peter was left in his care. Peter had been about a year old at the time, and Steve had just officially moved into the penthouse with his boyfriend. It had been a shock to say the least, but as time passed the fresh family had grown to love their life together. As time passed, they had also realised Peter carried a lot of symptoms that came with his mother using drugs as she was pregnant and breastfeeding. The only thing they ever really noticed on him as he got older was Peter’s physical size and weak immune system. He took extra vitamins and minerals every day, but still rarely stood a chance when a bug was going around.
This concludes the first work in Steve, Tony and their heir! I basically started writing this because I needed an escape, a place to organize my daydreams. It was never my intention to share it with the world, but here I am. I hope you enjoy the first toe-dip into what is already a 60k ocean of domestic fluff!
”I still don’t get why you had to fly out in your suit, Tony. You could have at least tried calling me again, or checking my vitals! You’re going to get so much shit from DC now, flying without permission like that.” Steve complained. They were still in the air and it was freezing cold, but Tony had the suit heater and Steve rarely felt cold anyways, so they were both in great shape to bicker on their way back home.
There were murmurs, but the small talk ended and the real meeting began.
renegotiate bedtime. What do you say, he’s had a rough few days, should we just give it to him? A test period, maybe?” Tony suggested, and Steve nodded as Peter emerged from the bathroom, slipping past them on his way to the closet to change. ”Yeah,” Steve said, ”but he has to turn off electronics at ten still, I really think he’d benefit from that.”
”Tony, grab us some water, will you?” Steve asked, barely panting. Tony had a normal, un-serumed body and Peter was tiny. But Steve didn’t need to exhaust himself, it was all about Peter.
”What about it, Pete?”
All in all, they were in and out of the penthouse in seven minutes. Thank god for cleaning ladies keeping the clothing pressed and ready to go.
His father turned around and held Peters shoulders an arms length away. ”Listen up kid, I was supposed to go out christmas shopping last friday when that limited edition iron man waffle iron came out. Never mind production couldn’t even spare us one, but right as I was on my way out, the school called and we had to go to a meeting just to hear all about you acting super irresponsible lately. And now I don’t have a christmas gift and christmas is five days away. This is partly on you, and you’re gonna practice being responsible and righting your wrongs. So. Help me buy papa a present and we can go home,” His speeches were always so boring, but Peter found it most effective to shup ut and pretend to listen at these times. Tony loved giving speeches and when he got to complain about his problems, there was nothing stopping him. Peter was surprised it was that short, actually.
Peter changed his position the first time of many that night.
By the way, did I notice this entire series will probably never have anything resembling a cliffhanger? I write every chapter as kind of oneshots, and gather them in bulks when they fit together. Every now and then, though, I will include hints or start building up to something coming up a couple of works in the future.
Thank you for reading!
”Yeah, you’re finally getting it honey! They represent types of care that you have to treat the kid with for them to have the right balance in their life. Motherly principle represents a safe homebase that he will always know he can trust. Fatherly principle represents pushing the kid out in the world, introducing them to experiencing things for themselves, without us there to hold his hand. They’re really just old, stereotypical names that don’t really matter. What matters is that we’re representing both of those caring strategies to Peter. God knows we’re providing a safe home for him, with the way we baby him from time to time. And I think we do alright with the fatherly principle too, you know? We try pushing him so he’ll make experiences on his own and he does. With his friends, business partners and the press. Truly, babe, we’re fine. He’s fine. Come on, let’s go creep over him like we did when he was little,” Tony explains, patient as ever when it comes to Steve, but grabbing his hand to go. But something was still kinda buzzing in the back of his head.
Tony was breathing heavily, hands clenched at his side as he pulled further back. Steve was frozen in place by the car. What the hell was this? They’d had countless conversations about the people they used to surround themselves with over the years. And they mostly agreed that they were good people, but there were a few traits were arrogant and not very charming.
“You know we don’t do that, Peter. If you’d like, I can call to book for this weekend, if they’ve got something free. Or, you know, if they’ve got space tonight we’ll go tonight.”
”Snow day, bud.”
Thank you for reading!
Peter couldn’t think anything else before he saw papa emerging from the bathroom. ”Hi bud, I thought you were asleep!” Peter rubbed a hand over his face. ”Was”
”Thought about lasagna the whole gym session. Will you grab garlic bread from the freezer and preheat the oven?” Tony was tying his apron and looking around the kitchen. With Peter gone the entire previous evening, they had used their date night to pre- make some food, including Tony’s home made garlic bread and pasta sauces. It had been a great evening after Rhodey had called Steve and relaxed them.
Well, that made for a pretty shitty night for Peter. He slumped back down to the couch, at least relishing the extra time he didn’t use at sleep. The adults were talking about something Peter didn’t really want to focus on. He was noticing how he was used to going to bed a bit earlier. His bones were kind of achy, and his eyes were itching. Peter let out an accidental yawn, which unfortunately made everyone else look at the clock on the wall. It was ticking towards half past, and his urge to argue bedtime once more was washed away by papa tightning an arm around his shoulders and stroking him over the head.
"Listen, I’m sorry for earlier. I was just annoyed because Peter was sulking the entire ride home and I might have come across… Not how I wanted to. I don’t think you’re a bad person, Tony. You know that, right?”
”Hey, Petey-pie? I want you to take some tylenol, think you can do that?” He almost cooed at his teenager. The usually energetic kid was slumped across the couch, not bothering to cover his bare foot with the blanket. ”No, nothing? How about some water? It’ll soothe your throat?” Peter shook his head weakly. His eyes were glazed and half closed. Yeah, Tony was getting worried. This was way worse than the usual cold. He decided to call dr. Green and hear her thoughts on the matter.
”Worse.” The boy muttered, clearly not wanting to elaborate. ”Worse, huh? I can see you’re more exhausted now than what you were last night. I observed you being in a better mood and talking more than now.” The doctor put his hand over Peter’s forehead and felt along his neck. ”Is the pain worse too, or just the tiredness?”
Tony nodded along, occasionally glancing back at Peter. He was awake now, picking at the hem of his sweater and looking around.
”Yes, right. And how is that working out so far?”
”Dad! Pops! Look!” Peter shouted, starting to run as he got closer to the gates of the schoolyard. Julietta wasn’t running, they were going to cross a road after all. Peter was waving his ticket in front of him, not thinking about anything else than showing his fathers how cool the tickets were, laminated and all. His papa turned around at the sound of Peter’s voice, face quickly turning from a developing smile into a panicked look. Peter couldn’t quite understand that, the ticket was so cool! He supposed he’d just have to run faster for them to see. He sped up and slipped between two cars standing on that side of the road, almost there-
So Steve set out on a mission in secret, one to find a mother figure for Peter. He didn’t tell Tony because the man was so dang sensitive about stuff like this. He would go on a rant about how just because they were gay, they could do parenting just as well as anyone else. Steve knew that. The two of them were Peter’s parents and no-one really had any issue with this.
Steve said ”How was school?”
”There you are, Peter! Hi bud, how was the first day back?” Steve shouted across the entrance hall, making people turn and look, first at Steve then at Peter. Steve was waving eagerly with some papers. Peter shrunk a bit and started walking towards, then past his papa. ”Oh my god pops, will you stop being so embarassing? I literally saw you four hours ago. It was fine.” Peter huffed, not waiting for a response before he started walking towards Steve’s office. ”I’m gonna go back to the tower then, Tony needs me there in a bit. See you, Pete” he heard Happy say from the doors.
”I’m here”
”I think the reason this is such a problem for you guys is that you always talk about everything, no matter what,” Was uncle Jim a mind reader? ”And don’t get me wrong, that’s usually a great thing, your fathers have always been adamant for you guys being close enough to talk about anything and everything. But in this particular case there’s not really much to say. And you’re all so caught up in your routine of talking things out that you don’t do what most families do. Pretend it didn’t happen.”
“I love you so much, Steve”
“You be good for dad, alright? Maybe take a shower tonight, actually. Remember you’ve been sweating on and off the entire weekend, and the doctor’s going to come check on you tomorrow.”
and not having Fri in you car, I’m installing her tonight. I need her to be able to run diagnostics and give me information about you car. If I had that, I wouldn’t have panicked so much today, you know that.”
Steve climbed off Tony’s suit so it could dismantle. ”Hey, buddy. No, the car slipped on the road, and I ended up in the ditch. I’m fine, I just couldn’t get home on my own. The tow truck was on it’s way already though, so I would have been home in an hour or two.” As Steve spoke, he turned his boy around and they all went inside. It was freezing out, and Peter was still in his shirt from earlier.
”Still rising as far as I can tell. 102 at seven, 102.8 at ten and 103.4 just now.”
”What do you think the issue is here? Did you get to think that over?” Steve wondered, changing back into casual clothing in the middle of the kitchen. ”Oi. No nudity while I’m cooking!” Tony said, swatting at Steve with the kitchen towel.
Steve smirked. ”That’s not what you said last night, honey,” He said, sneaking his hands around Tony from behind, holding him in place while he was chopping vegetables and heating up the stove. ”That’s because Peter wasn’t just down the hall. Please, Steve. It hasn’t even been 48 hours since he walked in on us. Let’s have the food ready for when he gets back. He needs to be comfortable enough to talk.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But there was something for Peter, about being in such a lab, the entire floor dedicated to that small object, getting to work on it, look at it, be a part of such a process… ”I don’t know dad, it’s cool.”
”What do you want, Squirt? Hot meal is burgers but they’ve got some salads, wraps, baguettes… I’m sure they’d be willing to make you something if you ask them nicely.” He could see Peter thinking about it. God, that kid treated every decision like it was his last. Goddamn adorable.
It’s not better, is it? You know I didn’t mean to run into the road like that, I forgot to think about it.
It answered after two rings. ”Hey papa, what’s up? Did you get to work alright?”
”Papa? Papa, what’s wrong papa?” Peter struggled to sit up between them, and settled on his knees beside Steve. Steve glanced at Tony, who was smiling sadly, but proud at the same time. They had the exact same thoughts at that moment, Steve knew that. ”Yeah kiddo, I just think you’re so strong and brave. Love you.” He said.
”Okay. Has he been to the toilet after waking up?”
”Sure thing, young sir.”
”No, he hasn’t been since last night. Says he doesn’t need to. As mentioned, I haven’t really been successful in getting him to drink.”
Tony rolled his eyes as well, knowing full well that there were other methods of getting a good temperature from the 14 year old. This was, however, one of the things Steve had set his mind into and was stubbornly claiming to be right about. Tony and Peter had both learned to go with the flow and let Steve do his thing. God knows Tony had a few habits of his own that the others just went with. Tony reached over to play with Peters hair as Steve fiddled with the thermometer. ”I know it’s uncomfortable bambino, it’ll just be a few seconds,” Peter’s dad almost cooed at him, trying to calm him. Peter looked up at him and Tony melted. He was uncomfortable and kinda sad, looking at his dad. Those big brown orbs that Tony was convinced had some kind of magic to them. The thing finally beeped, and Steve removed it carefully before reading the result. ”Well Pete, looks like we’re on for a day inside again, your temp is 100.9. Do you want me to make some hot chocolate?” Steve asked.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony. “Yeah, he was really bummed out that we couldn’t just use our name to get a table at Harry,” Tony rolled his eyes slightly, and Steve felt a string being plucked at the irritated gesture. “Tony, he’s so impressionable now. Especially in a new school, with new people. I know you did a couple of pretty spectacular dinner spots last week when I was gone. I thought we agreed on this?”
”Yeah I’m starting high school in the fall. Yeah no, they declared it a snow day so I’m hanging around here today, inspecting the old man’s work. Haha, yeah you know how it is, Gary. No I haven’t seen that yet, actually. Dad, why didn’t we go to the car shop earlier?” Tony snapped out of whatever daydream he had at the sound of Peter’s name for him. ”Hm?”
Peter went on to talk about the newly opened restaurant someone had told him about. Steve guessed it would already be fully booked for the evening, as it had gotten quite a lot of coverage around the opening.
”I’ll have a burger, and then we have to get that apple pie that they had last time, that’s the best!” Tony laughed a bit at his son, shaking his head.
The doctor smiled knowingly, knowing that Happy wasn’t the only one glad for the change of area. ”I’ll send a nurse over to you with a wheelchair, she’ll help you guys upstairs to pediatrics.”
”It’s why I’m here. Remember, don’t hesitate with bringing him to the ER. They know him at your hospital, they’ll take care of you. Either way, he will turn out fine in the end. And if you remember, give me a call Monday morning and update me, will you?”
”Nothing special, just hung out, made hot chocolate,” Peter said, voice slightly muffled in his papas shirt. He had to admit he wasn’t feeling well and knew his father could tell. A quiet night in sounded perfect, even though he had spent the whole afternoon on another couch. Peter sighed, feeling how his head pounded weakly and shuddered.
Thank you for reading!
Papa Steve snuggles was great because even though he would always try proving otherwise, Peter loved feeling small and protected. His papa’s lap could take Peters entire body and wrap him up.
want to act? I’ve explained this to you multiple times, Steve, but all you seem to focus on is that all the values I bring to the table for Peter are the bad ones. The ones that we’re ashamed of, that we need to bury. You’re not perfect yourself, you know,”
Uh, Pete, can you call uncle Happy and tell him to come to the penthouse? I need to do something. Love you, talk later!” And a click.
Bucky let out a grunt. ”I don’t know. I looked it up and there’s quite a lot of violence in there. You know you’re easily affected by that kind of thing, champ” Peter sighed. Some time ago he’d seen a terrible documentary about beheadings and had nightmares for a couple of weeks after. It had been at a weekend he spent with Bucky and Sam and the first night after he had been terrified and didn’t dare to wake any of his uncles. Bucky had been emotionally scarred too, but by the wrath of superhusbands. After that he had read a lot about sleep and mental health in general for teenagers, and gone a bit overboard at that. Now he was constantly reminding Peter about taking care of himself and watching out for triggers that could potentially make any kind of impact on the boy.
Peter shrugged, shirt, pants, shoes and vest on in a few minutes and went into his fathers bedroom with the jacket and tie. Once entered, Tony looked him up and down for a few seconds. ”Handsome boy. Do you need cuffliks?”
Please leave kudos and comments if you're into this, it'd be greatly appreciated! Enjoy!
”Hey, I’ll have you know we just negotiated new bedtimes and that sounds suspiciously like someone trying to be bumped back half an hour, if you ask me.” Tony grumbled, making a beeline for the coffee Steve had prepared before he left.
Exiting the elevator on the first floor of the penthouse, Steve could see signs of a stressed Tony having been there before him. See, Tony didn’t mind a bit of clutter here and there, but he was a stickler for all cabinet doors to always be shut. ”I don’t see the hassle with closing a drawer or door when you’re finished!” He always said. But as Steve took a walkthrough of the place, it was evident that tony had gathered necessities for Peter such as his meds and paperwork, a bit of food and drinks, clothes for the two of them and an overnight bag.
Steve was stressing. It wasn’t the kind of stress that would go away by taking a bath or spending a night on the couch. It wasn’t the kind of stress that could go away with being productive and getting stuff done either. It was the stress that Steve saw no solution to and it worried him.
So there they were, early one tuesday morning. Tony only hearing Steve’s laboured breathing, only seeing Steve’s beautiful upper body, only feeling his husband inside him. Steve had finished up, and hid under the covers, him and Tony joking around before Steve started blowing him off. It was heaven for the first time in the new year. Complete bliss.
“Yeah, definitely. Smells like a mixture of sick and teenager in there, I'll suffocate if I have to sleep in it.”
”I know. But it’s just temporary, we know that. It looks and feel worse than it is. Remember when he was eight?”
“Don’t post your dad’s confidential emails on the instagram.”
”That’s what I’m calling you about. He’s still not back and not answering his phone either. I’m getting worried, dad.”
”Yeah, it’s me. Hey, squirt. I thought you were sleeping, you were laying so still. How are you feeling?” Peter turned towards his dad and reached his arms out. Tony didn’t need more prompting to sneak his hands under Peter’s back and lift him up to a sitting position. Peter sighed as he relaxed towards his dad, resting his chin on the shoulder in front of him.
Peter scoffed. ”If you’re asking, I’m gonna assume you already know.” Peter was going for playing it cool and brushing the topic off to hide how awkward he felt. He kept his eyes intensely trained at the table. ”Hey, do you think this goes in the sky or the ocean?”
”That’s good. Now, how are you feeling today, as opposed to what you told me then?” He leant forward just enough to keep Peter looking at him, but still not getting too close. Tony had always liked dr. Garcia, he was a good match for Peter’s personality and needs.
They stood like that, not saying anything for the remaining couple of minutes until the food was ready.
”Hey, Pete! Look who’s calling, it’s papa!” Tony exclaimed, startling Peter. It was almost ten, and Peter had been trying to get some food down. Tony had fed him a couple of pieces, but Peter had to reload his energy to want to chew more. Dad answered the call and put him on speaker right away.
After finishing up in the dining room, Peter was still not back with the spoon. ”Hey, where are my favourite boys? Not leaving me out of anything, I hope?” Tony half shouted, to be heard over the extractor in the kitchen. He had a suspicion about what was going on, and made his way to the kitchen.
Peter was right, it wouldn’t be a problem. If the Stark-Rogers family called and wanted a table, they most definitely would get a table wherever they wanted. Steve wasn’t as comfortable with those scenarios as Tony seemed to be. His husband had grown up in the world they lived in, and every aspect of it was natural to him. Steve couldn’t help but despise some of the values their community carried with them. Values that led them to be okay with sneaking in line, simply because they had more money than others.
Tony rubbed Peter’s back soothingly. The time was twelve, midday. He had just cleaned the kitchen after their brunch, and come back to Peter buried in throw blankets. Tony feared Peter had caught something bad this time, he had heard rumours of employees not feeling well after Peter had left the SI offices the previous day. Stupid, Tony thought to himself. Bringing Peter into the bacteria fest that is the cafeteria? Stupid. Especially when everyone had just returned to work from big family gatherings over christmas with all sorts of germs.
Tony winced. He hated grumpy “end calls”. Luckily, sour Peter never lasted long so he’d be fine by the time he got back upstairs. ”Sorry about that, gentlemen. Kid struggles a bit with concentration. Where were we?”
As he took a look around the room, he missed placing that vibe in their lounge at home with a healthy Peter. Their kid loved spending time with them, they knew that, but he was always so busy nowadays and with his ADHD fueled brain, they could never make him sit down with them and do nothing. It was always two things at a time with Peter. Watching a movie together and talking over it. Playing video games and chatting to his friends. Reading comics and blasting music so loud that the SI executive’s floor could hear it. It was rarely peaceful, quiet and one thing at a time. Not that he’d change a thing about Peter, the boy was perfect in Steve’s eyes. But Steve knew that Peter enjoyed slowing down too, he just never got in the mood to actually do it. Yeah, they really needed that vacation.
”It seems like Steven Stark-Rogers has been part of a car accident on his way home from work. His vitals are all stable so as far as I can tell he is doing fine. I expect Tony Stark-Rogers to bring him to Stark tower as he has almost reached location with his iron suit.”
It was 10pm, and Steve was putting out the fire while Tony tidied the rest of their ice cream stuff. Two hours had passed since Peter left the living room. ”Ready, honey?” Steve asked, Tony was still in the kitchen. ”I’ll be the in a minute, I’m just gonna turn the dishwasher on!” Was the answer he got, so Steve made his was upstairs to Peter’s room.
”Oh.” He sat down just as the others did, and stared intensely at the food. Both Steve and Tony stared just as intensely at Peter.
”Good boy. See you later then. Love you!”
Peter slumped in his seat. In Steve’s opinion, his son was much too well aware of how easy it could be to get a table.
Steve sat down in a visitors chair, and Peter sat in the other one.
Tony had Friday open a line to wherever Steve was, which turned out to be the gym floor. ”Hey love, would you mind coming down here and help me with Pete? He’s asleep in the car here with me,” ”I’ll be there in two!” came the reply a second later, and Tony nodded to himself, tightening the arm around Peters torso a bit when he felt the boy slipping.
”Friday, why hasn’t Peter come out of his room yet?” Tony asked, not knowing Peter was about to walk into their master, fluffy blanket wrapped around him, munching on a granola bar. ”Morning dad, papa, I’m better today! I’m not gonna lie, great parenting move on your part last night, I needed that. As you can see, you cured me! My throat doesn’t hurt anymore at all,” Peter said, sitting down on a chair in the corner. Steve and Tony were sitting in bed, enjoying a bit of toast and a cup of coffee. It was on a tray in front of them, Steve was reading the newspaper and Tony had taken out the weekend magazine that followed on saturdays. It always had such great chronics. As Peter gave what sounded mostly like a pep talk for himself, Steve smiled slightly and went into the bathroom. Before Tony could answer their son, he emerged again, holding the thermometer they had taken out the night before, knowing they would need it when Peter tried to sham his way into going out.
“I’m aware, Steve, you’re embarrassed to be with a bad man like me. You know how it is to be hard-working and a part of the majority of the world, you’re
”Pete, can you explain what was going through you head when you were running towards the road?” Steve asked gently. They were sat at the kitchen table, and Peter was thoughtful. Both fathers were too nice about this. Tony wasn’t pacing on the floor and steve’s jaw wasn’t as tight. Pete looked down at the table and crossed his arms. He knew what the answer was, and it scared him. What if Klaus hadn’t been there, where would they be then?
”Hey buddy, want to help me set the table or papa making the salad?” Tony asked as their son stood in the doorway. Peter sighed, but not loud enough for Steve to hear. Steve had always been eager for Peter to help out around the apartment, and was super sensitive to Peter complaining. Tony smiled at his son, putting an arm around his shoulders. Peter leaned into it while they made their way to the dining room. ”Come on, Papa started in here earlier. Right, we need a serving spoon. Go get one from the kitchen, will you?”
As Tony returned to the bathroom, Peter had gotten up on his own and was washing his hands. ”C’mere kid, sit on the toilet lid.” Tony was bunching up soft sweatpants for Peter to step into.
Peter tries to convince everyone, including himself that he's better and also spends a day with a couple of uncles.
They ended up getting the game, because as much as Bucky was concerned about Peter, he was a complete pushover when it came to his wishes.
”I thought it was cool, I was excited. Wanted to show it you you. It’s laminated too.”
”That would be nice”
”Oh, believe you me. If he had oversight over the dates and details like me, I could have stuck him here with you guys alone. Kid’s fourteen and probably smarter than you all combined.”
”We need to look presentable Pete, this is white house people we’re talking about. Charcoal three piece, you can use the armani one from this fall, white shirt, striped tie. Any colour.” Tony didn’t like giving those DC pricks anything to pick on them about, so he tried to avoid the grease stained shirts at those particular meetings.
”Aren’t you supposed to be on your way to work?”
”So Peter, you wanna go get that game you were talking about and then go to our place? I was thinking, if you keep this quiet around your dads you could keep it at ours and play when you come over,” Sam suggested. On thursday when they’d picked Peter up from school he’d rambled on about this game that ned had gotten that was ”so awesome, it’s super realistic and awesome and- and the storyline is awesome!”
”I’m just glad you’ll let me help, sir. It’s hard not to worry.”
”The doctor should get to us pretty fast, Hap. Would you mind waiting until we know how long we’re staying?” ”No problem, boss. I’ll just take a look around the area, if you don’t mind.”
”Yeah, yeah. Just fine. We’re supposed to have morning briefing but we’re making good use of the weather and training all day. I’m looking at them now in the field, they’re all miserable.”
”Ugh, fine.”
Steve bent down to kiss his son’s cheek, and Peter let out a sleepy giggle when Tony pecked his nose at the same time. They were still getting used to Peter actually being sleepy before falling asleep. It had been just over a week since he started his medication and just a few days since deciding on the best one. So far, they were loving it. Turns out Peter was as cuddly as ever, and always in a good mood when he was half asleep.
Peter was nervous. He’d joined in on conference video chats several times before, but never with people this high up. It was usually with other companies. ”Dad, do I have to be on screen? Can’t I just observe from the side?”
For Peter, that had always meant a man who was used to hearing loads of weird stuff and was comfortable to talk to. Which was why Sam was his first choice for what he had to say but didn’t know how to. Peter figured he had the entire holiday to ease into it though, so he started soft.
Tony could see Peter thinking about that. Every time he mentioned saving the planet, Peter would mention iron man. ”Yeah, I know, iron man and all that. But this is a much more peaceful and, honestly, stimulating way to do so, don’t you think? A lot less violent and dangerous.”
”Tony, I’m this close to hanging up on you, drive Peter home and just letting you guys figure things out for yourselves!” Rhodey exclaimed slightly hushed. Peter would probably be back any minute.
”Oh. Well, they were doing some wielding before lunch. You’re not visiting a wielding car shop. You’re visiting when they’re pressing numbers onto computers and actually have time to talk to us. But hey, bud, look at the time. We really need to get going, I’ve got that conference call, remember?”
Steve reised his eyebrows questioningly, expecting a better answer. Tony scoffed. ”Hey, i thought we discussed talking to eachother about our issues? Or was that a dream, where you opened up over dinner and we were able to help you and you could relax?”
After saying their goodnights and goodbyes, Peter turned over to get some sleep. He wouldn’t manage to sleep for a while, but he owed papa to try. It wasn’t often that Steve got called out on rushed missions like that. When he did, it only told Peter that it was more dangerous. Steve didn’t like them either, mostly because they all liked to prepare for someone going away a couple of days in advance.
Steve crouched down. ”Bud, I was wondering if we should get you in the bathroom, get you some clothing? Then you could take a nap while dad and I talk to dr. Garcia?” He was stroking Peter’s arm, just rough enough for it to be stimulating instead of relaxing. Peter groaned. ”It’ll probably give you some sense of day instead of being stuck in pajamas all the time.” Tony added, trying to sound motivating. It wasn’t easy, he knew how uncomfortable it was for Peter to move. ”I think I saw a ham and cheese sandwich in papa’s paper bag. You could have a go at that, if you’d like? C’mon, Pete. We’ll help.” Peter sighed and started pushing the blankets away.
”Okay bud, do exactly as I do when we walk in. Dramatic entrance and all, you know? Gotta keep ’em on their toes.”
”Glad to hear you’re okay, Stevie.” Bucky said, getting lost in the video that was still playing on the tablet, but not before giving Peter an affectionate hair ruffle. ”Hey, bud.”
Tony put his hand on Peter’s. ”It’s all right, Pete. Papa and I was distracted too, we usually help you remember but we were talking to John. We should probably have parked on the other side in the first place.”
As Peter then went to collect his coat (”and the scarf and hat and gloves too!” ”please stop papa”), the adults were left waiting. ”Are you sure you’re fine with having him while he’s under the weather?” Tony asked, looking out the door where his son had just left. ”Of course. Guys, really. We know the whole story about the immune thing, trust me, but you guys need to ease up. It’s not like we’re gonna do anything that’s making him sick, we’re barely going to be outside,” Sam said. ”Well, it’s sure gonna be a great help for us. We can finally wrap Pete’s presents without worrying. Thanks,” Steve replied,
James Rhodes was in the pickup lane outside Midtown middle school. It was tuesday, and tuesdays was pick up Peter from school days. It took a while, but eventually Peter came sneaking out the door. He hurried over to Rhodey’s car, sneaking between all the other kids hanging around the school yard. He always found it slightly amusing to watch Peter with other kids because of his size. While Peter was fourteen, actually a year older than the oldest people on his school, he would probably pass as eleven to people who didn’t know him.
“Trust me honey, I want that as little as you do.”
”Peter’s right here with us honey, you’re on speaker. He’s tired, trying to eat a bit before going to bed. Right, bud?”
As soon as Peter saw Steve heading for the bedroom, he followed. If there was one thing he wanted right then, it was the comfort of his parents’ bed. Flinging himself onto it and settling under the blankets in the middle, he heard Steve chuckle.
”You can stop pretending to be asleep now, we’re not mad at eachother.” Peter heard about two seconds before the blankets were ripped off his body. Tony was at one side, making Peter get up and help make the bed.
“I do like you, Tony. I like you a lot! I love you! I love you just as much as I love Peter!”
”Nothing special, really. IVs, papa, that nurses voice,” Peter said, actually feeling coherent for the first time since that morning. Tony smirked, and Peter saw him take a quick look towards the door to make sure no one heard them. ”Yeah, if that’s not sunshine and flowers in a voice, I don’t know what is.”
”I want to admit him, though, mainly because of his inability to accept fluids and nutrition, much less medicine. He’d do good with at least some painkillers. So I’m proposing that we send you guys upstairs right away to get him started on everything.”
Happy was sticking with the father and son until they were situated, he was currently behind them on the way into the emergency room. He felt sorry for the kid for having to go through this again, but he had seen it coming. It had been over a year since the last time they had to take him to hospital, and throughout Peter’s upbringing there had been many trips to that particular ER.
I appreciate kudos and comments if you liked it, and I'm also available to talk on my tumblr at the username "lerums".
”I- I mean… I mean…
”Well, you can, but then it’d be meaningless to have dressed so nicely. Listen Pete, you do as you want. I don’t want you to join something you’re not comfortable with. But now that you’re able to sit still and listen to what goes on, I think you’ll find it interesting and educational.” Tony’s hands were on Peter’s shoulders as they stood outside his office. Peter felt a new sense of pride of his dad noticing his increasing ability to concentrate, and shot his chest out a bit. ”Yeah okay, I want to.”
”Right. So how has the fever been developing?”
”Okay, bye, love you!”
“Oh.”
”Calm down Buck, it’s one extra day for people to relax. What’s the big deal?” Sam retorted. They were in the elevator on their way to the Stark-Rogers residence. Bucky just shook his head slightly, smiling at his fiancé to show how he wasn’t actually upset.
So he spilled.
”You sick, Pete? Should I be keeping my distance? I wanna come to Sunday dinner tomorrow, not lie in bed,” Sam teased, shielding his mouth while backing away. After earning a slight glare from Peter, he lead the way to the living room. Usually they wouldn’t be coming around on saturdays since sundays were family days, but since Peter had started his christmas holidays they were taking advantage of the relaxed vibe in the penthouse.
Considering what they knew, no one was surprised when Peter was already out on the landing balcony as they arrived. His cheeks had tear streaks and his eyes were red, and his face was the embodiment of worry. At the same time, though, one could easily see there was so much energy inside the teen’s body. He was literally jumping up and down, Happy standing behind Peter trying to ground him. ”Papa! Papa, are you all right?” Peter shouted. They were fifty feet away from the balcony, but could already hear him. ”Looks like you’re gonna have a koala on you for the rest of the day, hon” Tony said right before they landed.
Peter felt his uncle’s contemplating stare at him. He would have said something to dismiss the subject, but he didn’t know what that would have been.  So Peter kept silent, trying to play the patience game despite knowing his uncle Jim was the most patient man he knew.
“Pete?” The phone was quickly turned towards himself again, take obviously still rolling. “Yeah?”
Peter groaned, throwing his head back. “But why can’t we just call them and say who we are? They’ll give us a table in no time, you know it!”
As soon as Peter walked into the office knowing Steve was a few feet behind, he stomped across the floor and plopped down on a couch. ”
As he scrolled through instagram, he saw that @peter.bsr had been active again. A few insta stories were stating how
Tony snorted, patting Steve’s hand. “Let me finish, love. I know you do, I just… You know how this works, when my thoughts spiral I create these images of our family being torn apart, just like it almost did,”
Peter woke up feeling
”So they didn’t listen to your proposal from last time? How rude of them. Oh well, I guess they give you everything they think can help you get better”
that, Papa? It’s like you have this huge need to embarass me wherever we go! For everyone’s sake, learn some human decency. Please.” There was no answer. Oh well. If it was gonna be like that, two could play that game. Peter picked up his phone and started texting Ned.
”Mr. Stark-Rogers! Am I right in that it’s not just you being chatty making you call today?” She responded, as always chirpy and calming at once.
”Dad, why are going home?” Tony sighed. The biggest reason was that the loud cafeteria had given him a killer midday headache that could only be solved by coffee from the machine in their kitchen and a couple of painkillers.
Peter visibly relaxed, realizing there was nothing wrong. He bounced from his seat and landed diagonally on Steve, and cuddled onto him. ”Love you too pops,” he whispered. Steve hugged back, rubbing circles on Peter’s back for a while. They were quiet, only the fire Tony had lit could be heard in addition to their breathing. Steve turned towards Tony and they did nothing but look into eachothers eyes. Peter was calming down even more, and Tony reached over to rub Peter’s neck like he loved when going to sleep. Steve was getting tired himself, it had been a couple of emotional days.
”Fine,” Peter grumbled, laid on his stomach and pulled the pants halfway down. ”be quick, then.”
Peter took the opportunity to snuggle up to Tony, who always welcomed him even though he usually sat in the chair in the corner. ”FRIDAY, turn on the morning news, will you? It’s chilly today, I can feel it in my old bones. Wanna watch the weather.”
Steve wasn’t holding around Tony’s waist anymore, and Tony’s hands never connected behind Steve’s neck.
”Can I just sleep on the couch tonight, papa? I promise I won’t ask for anything again this whole month,” the last part was slightly muffled as Peter turned his face into the shoulder he was resting on. He heard a typical dad snort, followed by ”Don’t make promises you can’t keep, bean. Come on, up we go.” Then his arms were being tugged at by those familiar, calloused hands.
By the time they had managed to change all of Peter’s clothes, smooth down his hair and wash his face, the boy was physically exhausted, resulting in Steve picking him up to carry to bed.
Steve didn’t know what just happened. Peter had just ”teenagered” completely at him (tony’s word). It was a rare occurrence, but it happened every few weeks. This time, in front of a meeting about a training mission. Steve had loaned out his office that day because it had the biggest conference table. ”Uhh… Teenagers, am I right?” Steve said gingerly after Peter practically ran out. The people having the meeting were either smiling amusedly, or looking completely gobsmacked. Later, when Steve thought about it, the people who smiled had teenagers of their own. The rest didn’t. So Steve left to find peter.
“Pops! Hi!” Peter exclaimed. Steve turned around to see the first wave of high schoolers emerging from the building. He recognized a bunch of the kids from before, Midtown high school of science and technology was a normal school for pupils of midtown elementary to move on to. It was a STEM school, and the other high school right down the road focused more on the arts. Peter had chosen the one he ended up with himself, although he had always enjoyed both art and music class.
The conference call was over, and Peter slumped over to lean on his fathers shoulder. ”That was kinda boring, dad. I mean, it was fine, but it would have been better if those guys understood what they were talking about! I almost laughed when you had to explain osmosis to them.”
person in the world insisting on calling it a ball instead of prom. And something tells me he’s the most handsome man of all. Don’t know why, just a feeling, really,” Peter head snapped up.
“Guys, I think I’m going home now. I have a lot of paperwork that has to be in by tonight, so I better get started. Pete, if you need anything, just text me. I’ll stop by the tower on my way here tomorrow.”
“Okay, fine. We don’t tell Peter until everything is sorted, though. Yes?”
”I’m sorry you couldn’t join me but I’ve got so much to do today, you would have been stuck in my office the whole day. I hope you didn’t get too uncomfortable when I discussed that with dad, I could see you were just pretending.”
He saw the range rover they used as a family car on the other side of the road, his fathers standing on the sidewalk in conversation with Julietta’s father. Along with Abe, Ned, MJ and Cindy, Julietta was in Peter’s base group so they did a lot of school work together. Her parents were sending her to the same school as Peter, Midtown high. She lived close to the tower and her mother was in business with Tony, so they had known each other since they were little. Now, they were walking out of school chatting about Friday, both equally as excited.
“All right, okay, I can see where I’m not welcome anymore. That’s fine, I’m leaving... Love you.”
”All right. So we’re all on our way back to the jet now, the flight takes about eight hours, then two hours of debriefing. So I was thinking that before you go to bed tonight, Pete, you and dad should make me a list and text it to me. I can bring some extra clothing or stuff you may need at the tower, get changed, then I’ll be right over. So I think that’s gonna place me in your room between nine and ten tomorrow morning, how does that sound?”
Steve walked through the doors of the hospital that lead him to the elevators. He knew the place all to well, but he had stopped thinking such thoughts years back. Peter was going to be fine, Steve knew that. It would never be a delightful experience to be in hospital for either of them, but a routine had formed that made things a little easier.
”Yeah, baby boy? Do you want water?”
After ten minutes, the Stark-Rogers men decided that Peter had to be asleep already, and walked silently to the guest room. ”-ad? Papa?” Was the first thing they heard when popping their heads through the now open door. Rhodey sighed. He had a suspicion this would happen, backed on the fact that it was the case every. Single. Time. The men did something like this. Such impatience.
“Yeah, yeah. Fri, make space. Plot it in. Hey, where’s our kid? Doesn’t he have some kind of big day? I distinctly remember him bouncing from six am and through the entire morning. Did I dream that? Did he choose dinner?”
As Steve hung with his head he realized he wasn’t able to hide anything of importance to his husband anymore, and would have to spill.
”Don’t worry, Pete. I know. I just wanted to see you for a couple extra minutes. Uncle Bucky, uncle Sam and I will be leaving before you wake up. We just got called out on a mission that will probably last through the weekend.” Steve explained, and Peter was already jumping back out of his closet, pants only halfway on. Steve had sat down on the bed, Tony standing beside him.
Peter’s uncle smiled. ”Of course Pete, guest room is always ready for you. Although we need to make a deal. You can sleep here tonight, but you gotta call and talk to both Tony and Steve. Not talk as in talk, but you need to say goodnight, okay?”
”Spoke briefly to your dad earlier, he said he didn’t know what to say to you. He was afraid you would distance yourself from them instead of getting over it.” Rhodey said in a calm voice, almost like he weighed each world before he said them.
you’re scared.” Peter’s head snapped up at Tony’s words. He felt his own expression shift from sadness and fright into anger and frustration.
”So, what happened this morning, Pete?”
”Love you too”
Thank you for reading!
About how he was worried Tony would think that steve saw him as a bad dad, and how he read about teenager psych, about his plan to get Peter what he needed to live a good life. And Tony laughed a little.
He could hear Tony’s thinking sounds, the rustling and tapping signalling he was probably looking for Steve’s tracker. ”Uh, yeah.
Steve decided to pick up the phone, he knew Peter would be alone at the penthouse as the time was 9:30.
Tony reached around Peter’s waist and helped him up. ”Yeah, it’s like that a lot of the time. But otherwise it was kinda cool, right? You even got to hear more about this clean energy-plan, it’s kinda fascinating how we can do work that will literally save the planet, right?”
Steve reads. Tony... figures things out eventually. Peter is asleep through this whole thing.
Sam had already migrated over to Tony to talk about dinner that the two were planning together. Bucky had noticed that Sam had brought over som pre-made food in a bag, but wasn’t allowed to look into it.
Peter was deadly wrong. The breakfast table in the kitchen was packed with food, a lot more extravagant than usual. Pancakes, eggs, the works. Both fathers noticed him as soon as he stood in the doorway, so there was no way he could just escape for school. ”Hi son, just in time for breakfast.”
