“The prince fell in love at first sight too. He thought the knight was gorgeous, loyal, brave, strong and also smart. He was amazed the knight wanted to be his friend and spend time with him, and that he listened and cared about him.”
Sherlock’s movement made John’s cock press against his belly even harder, and
As a last resort he grabbed the intraosseous adrenaline injector and jammed it into John’s knee. The defibrillator delivered another shock, and finally John’s vitals began to stabilise. His heartbeat returned to normal and so did his breathing.
After a few minutes John fell silent, having exhausted his knowledge of astronomy. He gazed up at the sky in wonder, smiling every time he spotted a falling star. Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off him.
“It’s okay, you’re safe. Breathe, John.”
“The army knows.”
“I can’t miss a place I’ve never been to,” Sherlock pointed out.
One side of Sherlock’s mouth curled up in a lopsided smile. John kissed that corner of his mouth gently, and stepped away.
Sherlock’s heart was beating wildly, apparently attempting to escape his chest. He tried to get his breathing under control to no avail. He knew John was asleep from his breathing pattern, he knew it was an unconscious move to seek out the warmth of another body. But this was the most physical contact they’ve had in years, the closest they got to an actual hug, which was something Sherlock has been yearning for. The fact that John did this unconsciously made it a bittersweet victory; Sherlock wanted a hug to be offered and reciprocated in kind.
Their kissing grew more heated with each passing second, the give and take of lips and tongues becoming more frantic. Hands started roaming over chests, arms, arses, sometimes stopping to pull at hair. Whimpers, gasps, moans, heavy breathing and the slick sounds of kissing filled the room. The air felt thick and charged, the pent up passion between them spilling over and drowning them.
Sherlock keeps his eyes open throughout the kiss and frowns at John’s blissful expression.
Sherlock was covered in sweat, some of it trickling down his back and making his hair stick to his skin. He scrubbed his face with his hands, distantly noting they were still shaking. He checked John was stable one last time, packed a bag of medical supplies, and started the preparation for destroying the lab. He had to move very fast if they were to escape Baskerville at all.
“Is it a really difficult cold case?” Sherlock looked cautiously optimistic.
Jane heard Sherlock huff in amusement, but when she turned around Sherlock’s eyes were closed. Jane walked back to the bed, suddenly feeling anxious. She paused to compose herself just before climbing into bed and settling in front of Sherlock.
Lestrade stayed after the game finished (Arsenal won, of course) and enjoyed a few more hours of chatting and drinking with John. Sometime around midnight Sherlock announced he was off to his bedroom for the night, claiming he needed to conduct an experiment in peace and quiet. At around two in the morning Lestrade realised that he was very tipsy (but definitely not drunk, thank you very much) and that he missed his last train home. The prospect of going home on a night bus in his less than sober state didn’t sound very appealing. He must have vocalised that thought because the next thing he knew John was piling up blankets and cushions on the sofa beside him.
Both John and Sherlock fell silent at the question. How do you describe Moriarty to a toddler without scaring the wits out of her? How much of his true evil do you include? How do you simplify someone who had nearly cost them everything they held dear, including their lives? What started out as a made up fairy tale suddenly had the potential to become too serious too quickly. Sherlock shuddered to think about telling their daughter even a tenth of what Moriarty had been and what he had done.
“That was the most ridiculous thing I have ever done!” John voice filled Sherlock’s ear, and then dissolved into high pitched giggles.
“Not your fault.” John smiled at him and pecked him on the lips. “Where are the painkillers?”
“John, I—”
The events of last night’s painkiller disaster came back to Sherlock in a rush and he felt his cheeks darken with guilt. John ruffled his hair and laughed.
Sherlock let his forehead rest against the metal casing for a while longer, waiting. After no time at all an alert sounded to signal the end of the AI transfer. Sherlock reluctantly tore himself away from the supercomputer.
“Not everyone can be an
know better,” Sherlock grumbled jokingly.
“You. You have a voice. You called me.” Sherlock was still mildly shocked. If phones had still required holding up to one’s ear, Sherlock’s would have been lying shattered on the floor. As it was, Sherlock just collapsed in his armchair, staring at the one opposite him in utter disbelief.
Sherlock had once argued, weeks ago, that they could let Darcy sleep with them on nights like these, but John was adamant she had to learn to conquer her fear in her own bed. John had put his foot down, and Sherlock had sulked for a few hours. He got his revenge though, when a few days later he convinced Darcy the best way to wake up her dad was to jump on John’s back demanding he get up.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered, the words slipping out of his mouth before he had a chance to think about them. John’s eyes widened in surprise and his face lit up with a smile. The smile grew, until John was beaming at Sherlock, and the love and affection in his eyes was almost blinding.
Sherlock turned around to see John holding his violin case with a smile.
“Should be done in about an hour.”
and this was
Sherlock waved his hand in dismissal. “Fine, slap my wrist and go away.”
Sherlock woke up fully in an instant. He could hear John breathing deeply above him, apparently still oblivious and completely dead to the world.
“You would, you’re a hopeless romantic,” he muttered. He grabbed some of the stew Mrs Hudson made two days earlier and set about reheating it. “Which idiotic film are you going to make me watch tonight?”
John didn’t loosen his hold on Sherlock as the seconds ticked by. Sherlock untangled his hands from the scarf in his lap, and tentatively wrapped his arms around John. He grabbed two fistfuls of John’s shirt and held on for dear life, wanting to soak up the embrace for as long as possible. They didn’t do this, they weren’t like this. Soon enough John would pull away, act a bit embarrassed at the sudden display of affection, and then go back to behaving as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
Now, he had to make John progress this further. Maybe he could make John hold his hand, or drape his left arm along the back of the sofa so Sherlock could snuggle up to him. Maybe John could even drape his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and kiss his head in that endearingly charming way of his. The possibilities were almost endless, and made Sherlock’s heart flutter in anticipation.
Sherlock drove to Dartmoor as fast as he could. The views outside his window were a blur, passing from cityscapes to countryside. Sherlock paid none of it any attention, concentrating solely on getting to Baskerville before it was too late. He couldn’t think clearly, couldn’t even formulate a plan of action, all his thoughts occupied with John, John, John.
Maybe he could shift close enough to John, slowly, so John could take the hint and initiate some form of contact between them. The chance that it would go badly was negligible, and the possible pay off was substantial.
Sherlock could feel the rough scrape of stubble against his skin, John’s breath warming his cheeks, John’s hand caressing and tangling in his hair. Sherlock was grateful they were already on the bed because even those two simple kisses made his knees weak.
Sherlock certainly didn’t expect John to enter their bedroom with a small bundle of blankets in his arms. A bundle which appeared to be sniffing and hiccoughing quietly.
“Sherlock,” John said his name with so much love Sherlock felt his throat constrict and his eyes sting. John leaned in kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, his thumbs gently caressing Sherlock’s cheekbones. “I love you,” he whispered into Sherlock’s mouth, and even after hearing it countless times it still made Sherlock breathless with happiness and wonder.
“John, they are going to pull the plug on you.”
Another corridor, with rooms behind clear glass panels on one side, and what looked like huge black monoliths on the other. Individual rooms were filled with medical equipment and giant, empty fish tanks. No, Sherlock realised with horror,
Sherlock marched towards the end of the corridor, where he could see the main computer interface, all the while looking for any trace of John or a body. Each deserted room made his panic rise. What if he was too late? What if Mycroft’s information was wrong? What if—
things were different, more fragile. John had only just come back to live with him at Baker Street, and Sherlock reasoned it was too soon to indulge himself again, no matter how much he wanted to and how much he ached for John.
Just as they disappeared into the kitchen Lestrade heard Sherlock say, “If you did, I’d tell everyone just how much you like scrubbing floors.” John snorted in response. Lestrade heard the bedroom door shut and the flat fell into silence.
Sherlock paced across the room, considering his options. Did he even have any? He had no idea where John was kept, and even if he had, what could he do? He didn’t have the technology or the knowledge to save John, and the only person who could help him most certainly wouldn’t.
Sherlock’s heart fluttered at the words, hopeful and delicate. He kept gazing at the empty armchair, longing slowly filling his chest, and said nothing.
John pulled away chuckling.
She glanced at the bedside table in search of a clock. It was just past nine, an entirely respectable and appropriate time to get up on a Tuesday.
“Sorry, mate,“ Lestrade grinned and rubbed his belly absent-mindedly. “Haven’t had a chance to grab a bite before our genius solved this “intolerably mind-numbing excuse of a case”,” he said, imitating Sherlock’s exasperated tone, which earned him a chuckle from John. “Don’t ever tell him I do that, he’ll stop “assisting our sorry lot on these pathetic and mundane paint-by-numbers crimes”,” Lestrade intoned dryly. John guffawed, covering his mouth quickly before his outburst caused any unwanted attention.
“We will get to the dragon soon enough.” Sherlock laughed and continued with the story. “They became close friends quickly, and soon after the prince insisted the knight come to live with him in the castle. He made the knight his personal guard so they could spend as much time together as possible. Everyone knew it was just a formality, that the two men were friends, but they were so happy the prince smiled and laughed again so they let it be.”
“You have made me happier than I could ever imagine being. And I love you more than I have ever loved anyone. I want to spend my life with you.” Jane used her thumbs to wipe away the silent tears escaping Sherlock’s eyes. “I know this isn’t much but—”
“Told you the movie was boring,” Sherlock mumbled. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, dispelling the last of the sleepy fuzziness. “The ridiculous—”
Sherlock lifted his violin, and began to play.
Sherlock moaned softly around the toothbrush still between her lips.
Sherlock huffs again but remains silent for the rest of the film, engrossing himself instead in a medical journal he found under the sofa.
“Yes,” Sherlock laughed, his eyes stinging. He brought up his hands to touch John’s face in return. “You remember everything.”
The halls and walkways of the ship were quiet. The lights were dimmed and the only sound was the faint humming of the engines. Sherlock clicked impatiently as they strode down the hall. They had looked for John in all the usual places but they had yet to locate him.
“I meant—You’re not—.” John paused. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and when he opened his eyes again his expression changed to one of resolve. Sherlock knew this face meant John Watson was about to do something very brave. It could mean his heart would be shattered into a million pieces, or it could mean something he did not dare to hope.
Sherlock’s chest tightened at the sight and he gathered her into her arms quickly.
On blood loss, I do know that it is possible to become unconscious. That's pretty much the extent of my knowledge. I tried to stay away from medical stuff. I am an artist. I draw. I do not understand medical things.
Of course the very next day, when they meet up again, Sherlock takes John out to a crime scene. John is smitten. He has actually found an interesting, threadless man who likes danger as much as he does! John tries to subtly convey that, "Hey, we're both without soul bonds! You're gorgeous, intelligent and dangerous! I think we could possibly have a chance at attempting a relationship."
“I will not tell you that you are a saint. We both know that’s not true. You have your faults, and, God knows I have mine, but, love, you are a treasure. I love you because of your faults, not despite them. You care so deeply and I know it hurts you. I selfishly used that against you all because of misplaced anger. I will not ask for your forgiveness because I do not deserve it. I am selfish, I have a short temper, and I can’t keep up with your train of thought most of the time, but if you’ll still have me, I want to make this right by you. I will try everything within my power to make this right because I don’t want to lose you. I don’t want to love anyone else.”
From there, the conversation becomes broken whispers and choked out words uttered by two heart-broken men. The last words Sherlock would speak to John where, "Goodbye, John. I love you." When the last word was uttered he threw his phone to the side, spread his arms out, and falls forward.
consisted of a staggering, all-time high for suicide and crime rates. Underground harvesting rings manifested, seemingly, overnight. Children, adults, and the elderly were used for emotion harvesting to create a pseudo artificial emotion that would produce a higher profit rate. These lethal, pseudo emotions were being sold on the streets and overdosing was considered a humane way to go. Protesters redoubled their efforts against Pathogens Incorporated.
When John was sent back home from the army, threadless and hopeless, he thought that life was over. He was depressed and if he hadn’t ran into Mike Stamford, he would have ended it all. Life with his eccentric detective is exciting and worthwhile. ‘No, my life is not over,’ he thinks with a smile and another kiss against the sleuth’s forehead, ‘my life has only just begun.’
"'This is it.' He thinks to himself. He picks up the knife and looks at his reflection in its glistening surface. He looks down at himself with self loathing and begins to think back to all the times they had had together. He bitterly laughs when he realizes that he was the one to ruin it all. His grip tightens further on the knife and his eyes harden and his body runs cold."
And sees all the despair, and heartache that can be traced.
John’s heart hammers in his chest as he immediately asks, “Mary, thank god. Where’s Sherlock? Are you both okay?”
' doctors that he was fit to go home but they only ignored him. Him! The bestest-est consulting detective in the
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
." The crowd though is relentless and manages to drag him away until an ambulance arrives and then Sherlock is whisked away.
“What the hell are you doing here,” Mycroft spews out. Taken aback by the other man’s hostility, John takes a step back and stutters out, “I-I’m here for Sherlock! They called me and—.” Mycroft, if it were possible becomes angrier and seethes, “You have no right to be here. After all that you’ve done? Sherlock has been through enough pain caused by your hands. All that he’s worked for, everything that he has accomplished turned to ruin because of you.”
known?
John can feel the anger steadily rising as Sherlock’s smile never falters from his face. The doctor in him knows that Sherlock is steadily coasting down from his high, but his anger does not abate or falter for a single moment. He refuses to believe the detective’s story about being undercover. Because of this, his eyes narrow and he harshly grabs the detective’s arm and jerks him upward to stand. John is surprised he didn’t break Sherlock’s arm as he forcefully pushes the other man down the long hallway and out the door. The ride to Kate’s house (to drop off Isaac) and then to Barts was bitterly quiet. Because of John’s burning fury, it’s up to Mary to tell Molly that Sherlock would be needing a drug test. With a resounding
As the evening closes, Sherlock seems to become even more restless than before. John’s concern only grows when the detective stutters out a reply when asked of his well being. When Sherlock nearly drops his fork for the fifth time, the concerned blogger demands to know what was going on. Sherlock’s shoulders slump slightly and his bottom lip protrudes into a small pout. When their eyes meet, the agitated sleuth sighs and goes to stand in front of his soulmate. He gently takes John’s hand in his own and traces the knuckles in his grasp.
“God, I want the same.” John pulls Sherlock into a careful hug in which the detective’s face goes into the curve of the blogger’s neck. Long lanky arms curl around a jumper clad waist and answering arms wrap around a swan-like neck and hands tangle into raven curls. When they finally draw apart, John leans forward and plants a sweet kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and then proceeds to trial his lips down to meet the detective’s own. When they draw apart for air, both parties have red stained cheeks and happy smiles painted upon their faces. Their red threads that connected both souls glowed brightly which solidified the moment. At that moment, both hearts beat as one and two souls were officially bonded.
"Thank you."
He carefully lays Sherlock down on the sofa and then walks into the kitchen to prepare tea. He takes two mugs down along with two tea bags, fills the kettle with water and sets it on the stove to boil. When the high shrilling sound is heard, John carefully pours the boiling water into the, tea bag filled, mugs and gives it a stir. He takes out the milk and pours the perfect amount into his own cup before doing the same to the other. Once the liquid has turned the right color, he removes the tea bags and measures out two spoonfuls of sugar into Sherlock's mug.
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British,
(See the end of the chapter for
“How are you feeling?” came the sleep-filled voice of the stirring blogger. An irritated huff comes from Sherlock’s direction before he eventually answers with a reluctant “I’m fine.” The blogger then proceeds to stand and stretch his cramped muscles which are due to sleeping in such an uncomfortable position for so long. When John has settled down once again, all sleep seems to be devoid from his eyes and Sherlock knows now that the discussion will be had.
Sherlock returns, but things aren't going so great.
,’ John thinks bitterly as he begins to recklessly grabs the box containing Christmas lights from Mrs. Hudson’s flat and then begins to pound his way back up the stairs. All the while struggling with the front door, which he does not close after finally getting it open after five minutes of fumbling, and the Christmas boxes as he continues to viciously think,
Later that night, after much cuddling and sweet kisses, a knock and mumbled conversation drifts up the stairs to 221B. Two sets of feet casually walk up the steps and behind the door, there’s a brief pause and a whispered argument until Sherlock audibly groans in annoyance and utters a petulant: “Mycroft.” The annoyed sleuth gets up from his cozy position beside John, takes several large steps, and throws open the front door. He takes one look at his older brother and Gregory and
With one hand gripping the door knob, Greg turns to John and says, "Listen, I just wanted you to know that I'm thankful Sherlock has you. I was there when he had his danger nights. I knew him at his worst. I thought he would never find anyone, because he never had anyone but me and Mycroft. I know the pompous uncaring arse, but with you he is like a totally new person. At one time I said he was a great man, but you make him good. I just wanted to thank you for sticking by his side and loving him. He needed someone like you."
"The place does not matter. It's the sentiment behind it. Is there anywhere you can think of that has some significant value?" With the eldest Holmes words, Sherlock's eyes widen and he jumps up racing around the room gathering his coat and scarf. He then turns to the British government and says, "I've got the place! I'll need your help getting everything in order...will you….I mean…. would you want to-"
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Out of all the things he expected to come out of cupid bowed lips, that was not one of them. John stares in bewilderment as he stutters out, “I...uh…w-what?” The sleuth lets out a quivering breath and turns red-rimmed eyes on his blogger, “I said I’m sorry. You do know how I hate repeating myself.” The younger man was clearly trying to lighten the situation with humor, but it became obvious that he failed miserably as his tears began to fall.
The ebony haired sleuth smiles and nods his head. As the pair makes their way through the building and outside to hail a cab, John gently takes his detective’s hand into his smaller, tanner digits. Sherlock looks down and stares at their entwined hands until the blogger quietly questions, “Problem?” The younger man looks up into dark blue eyes as he smiles and says, “No, it’s fine. It’s all fine.”
“Mary?”
members of Scotland Yard were partaking in such deplorable behavior? If you two were actually doing your jobs instead of—how did you put it—getting off at crime scenes, you wouldn’t need Sherlock’s help.” When the adulterous pair only sat in stunned silence, John turns to the amateur detective, sweetly smiles, and says, “Come on, love. I’m hungry. Is Chinese alright with you?”
Anyway, I'm so surprised about the amount of people reading my other works. Since this is an ongoing fic, I'll talk about it here. I can't help but ask myself every time a lovely message or kudo flashes across my email why you all like my older work so much? It's
Once that is settled, Sherlock then erases the conversation between himself and Mycroft and then sits the phone back on the table. A small smile pants itself across an angular face and only grows as he starts to think about all the plans he has made. John walks over to the happy detective and silently asks to sit down. When he is comfily sitting, the blogger draws the ebony haired man's head onto his lap and cards his fingers through the thick curls. "Not that I'm not pleased, but why are you smiling for?" Sherlock looks up into a pair of blue eyes, smile very evident in his voice, before saying, "My brother isn't always annoying. Sometimes he can be…very helpful."
“Ready,” they both said.
“No, that’s normal,” John nodded in agreement. Giving orders and watching them being followed out had never been erotic in his past. But then, he hadn’t been watching Sherlock Holmes displaying the different submissive positions while wearing only his birthday suit.
"He'll call me if he finds anything?" The D.I. asked out of habit.
A hand clasped John's shoulder. John spun around, fist raised, ready for anything. When he saw Zed's concerned face he lowered his fist and exhaled forcefully.
to do with as I wish while you are wearing my collar. You do not
“Oh, a new couple. How exciting. I’d invite you two over for dinner sometime, but between birthing classes and here,” Sarah said happily, gesturing at the clinic around them, “and soon, these two will be occupying every minute of the day.”
“I think it’s time you talk about your past relationships, and if you happen to talk about what happened today, then good. I won't force you, and I won't ask you to do it for me. You should do it because
Keeping the door open would give away his desire to eavesdrop. Mycroft would most likely see it as a weakness on Sherlock’s behalf. He could hear the snide remark from his brother the next time they met on neutral ground.
“It says here you prefer the black rose?” The hostess asked as she twirled a strand of red hair around her finger, “Has that changed.”
sex.”
“You’re early, sod off.”
Sherlock returned his attention to the cock still seated against the back of his throat. With a swipe of his tongue and a small amount of suction, he had John panting again. He felt a sharp tug at the base of his skull. Shivering, he realized John had grabbed a fistful of hair and used that along with the door frame to keep himself balanced.
"Only if I ask
be milling about in the crowd tomorrow. However, there was something comforting in a friendly face, especially after what had happened last time. Greg had proved himself to be a steady partner at his side when he’d needed one the most.
"Because, Moriarty will be watching him closely. If he thinks there is a rift between you two, no matter how small, he won't be watching you as close. Which gives us room to work behind his back. Tell me, how are you with a sniper rifle?" Mycroft asked while turning his attention to a notebook he’d fished out of his breast pocket.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock confirmed, nodding quickly.
“Oh, just up the stairs. Best if you knock, though, don’t just barge in. I’ve learned my lesson the
“Well, if that’s the case, if you’re well enough,” Mycroft reached inside his coat and pulled out an envelope. “Two tickets to northern China,” he explained. “We’ve traced three young men to that location. The plane leaves first thing tomorrow morning.”
“So, China?” John said later that day while packing. “You’re okay to go?”
Sherlock brought the glass to his lips and audibly sighed as the liquid trickled over his tongue. His eyes fluttered, and his chest strained against his shirt. Heat pooled in John’s groin, and he had to stamp down the desire to reach out across the table to taste the whisky on Sherlock’s perfect lips and tease them until they were red and swollen.
John chuckled while wrapping the stiff leather band around Sherlock’s neck. Sliding the padlock through the locking buckle, he locked it in place then went to stand in front of Sherlock.
“You do, often.” Sherlock laughed, “This is going to be a fun week, isn’t it
“Of course, Sir. I wouldn’t dream of saying no.”
Pushing back against John, he silently asked for more and moaned again when John gave it to him. One strong hand gripped the side of his hip. John’s thumb dug into his arse while his fingers closed in on his side as if Sherlock might blow away in the next stiff breeze. Meanwhile, John’s other hand was feather-light against his cock, teasing, rather than working to bring him to orgasm.
He wasn’t allowed upstairs for the rest of the week. By Thursday evening, all of his belongings had a new home nestled among Sherlock’s things. Sherlock had decided he disapproved of how two wardrobes looked side by side, so by the time John returned from work; it had been replaced with a single larger one.
"That’s what partners do," John said softly while nosing his way across Sherlock's jaw. Reaching Sherlock’s ear, he took Sherlock’s earlobe between his teeth and gently bit down. Not enough to hurt, or to leave an indentation in his skin, but
It sat between them for a moment, like a bomb with a short fuse. Neither man dared take their eyes off for a full count of ten. Finally, John dragged his eyes up to Sherlock’s, and hesitantly nodded towards the door. John, as it turns out, was the one to flag down a cab that evening. Sherlock rolled his eyes and gestured towards his lower half.
Nodding, Zed composed a text to his head of security then pushed open his door. John stepped out and rounded the hood, running a hand through his hair.
There wasn’t much to see, aside from bins and a few cars squeezed in behind the buildings. Mrs. Hudson’s newest model sports car sat nestled a few rows down. He smiled, recalling the day he’d helped her pick it out using the money from her late husband's estate. (The money that hadn’t been held up in the court battle thanks to his illegal activities.)
“If she isn’t?”
“Rope bunny?” Sherlock asked, sensing John was about to stand back up.
“What, me, and Zed?” John shook his head as he continued to watch Zed. He had his lady suspended upside down again. One leg bent backward while the other was stretched out and tethered to a post by her ankle. “He’s more into the fairer sex, but we had a few duel sessions. Mainly it was talking between us.”
“Mmm, I am. Very good, John. There’s hope for you yet.” Sherlock chuckled. “I enjoy the tastes of richer foods. Cheesecake is a weakness of mine, as is fried ice cream. It’s why I stuck to such a strict diet all these years. I’d look like Mycroft if I allowed myself the indulgence.” The thought made Sherlock grimace, but a soft twinkle in his eyes quickly replaced it. “Very, very good, John.” He purred, “That was an adequate bit of deduction.”
“This will be difficult for me, but what about ‘
"Can we go home? I don't feel good." Sherlock asked as he slumped forward, placing his head on John's shoulder and nearly knocking him off balance.
“Remember Germany? We never got to finish our competition.”
However, it was John’s body language that immediately sent Sherlock to his knees right there on the bottom half of their stairs. With his shoulders squared and chin held level with the floor, John looked every inch the Army Captain Sherlock knew him capable of being. His jawline was set, lips pulled into a thin line. But his eyes exhibited the most startling change. They’d gone so dark they appeared black in the shadows cast by the window at John’s back.
“Yes, it would appear both girls were targeted.” Sherlock said absently, “John, can you text me that photo of Sisk? I need to circulate it through my network. Someone must know something about him, where he’s staying, who he’s shagging, if he frequents the same restaurant.”
“Sherlock, look at me,” John whispered, breaking away from their sloppy kiss and staring imploringly up at his partner. “I enjoy this,” he said once Sherlock’s eyes met his, “I love having my prostate milked, love feeling the stretch and slide deep inside me. I can come just like that, without having my cock touched once. Please, god,” he threw his head back against the bed and rolled his hips against the finger that still hadn’t moved, “I want to feel you inside me, see the sweat form on your forehead as you take pleasure from my body. I want to hear your moans and grunts, see your face when you come deep inside me. Please, give this to me.”
“Very good, Pet,” John praised as he lifted the hood off of Sherlock’s head. However, there were no soft touches, which showed Sherlock that he would not be physically rewarded for completing a punishment. However, he wasn’t being dismissed either. John looked at him with a mixture of love and concern, then asked, “Alright?”
“Poor and Donovan are not two words that should be uttered in the same sentence,” Sherlock said crossly while looking up from the laptop to glare at John.
He thought
“Fine, another finger.” Sherlock panted while trying to control his desire to bear down harder on John’s fist.
“Definitely the table, my chair, against the window… and maybe the sofa.”
"We still don't know with certainty that Lilianne is missing," Sherlock interjected softly. Though he and Greg shared a brief look of understanding. It was unlikely to simply cut off ties with friends, especially friends with which you shared a particular interest.
“No. That would fall under my hard limits.” Sherlock scowled, and his nostrils twitched at the question, earning himself a peal of laughter from his Dom.
“E? Have you?” Matt asked, turning to his husband. “You’re in the club a lot more than I am.”
“Submissive, make me come now, or I swear to god you’ll spend the rest of the weekend in chastity, unable to touch me until I get home from the clinic on Monday. You already have one punishment coming to you after this, don’t make it worse.” John’s voice was dangerously low. When Sherlock dared to look up, he saw John staring down at him with steel in his eyes. With a cock in his mouth, he couldn’t verbally acknowledge he understood, so he did the next best thing. He stopped teasing, and in one motion, had John seated against the back of his throat.
By nine am, however, he realized just how serious Sherlock was.
Settling on the sofa, Sherlock ordered dinner, their favourites from Angelo’s, and waited with bated breath while John gathered the courage to lift the cover off the box.
“You’re in my bed,” Sherlock stated. His words were slurred, thanks to the pillow pressed against half of his mouth, and his voice was half an octave lower than usual. John shifted to his side, folding his arm under the pillow, and grinned back at Sherlock.
"I'm afraid so. But I have you to keep me safe. As well as half the Met and God knows how many men my brother has enlisted to help. A fair number of law enforcement men and women want this ring displaced. Arresting Sisk was as effective as scratching the surface of the iceberg."
“Please, Sir,” Sherlock whimpered, unable to focus long enough to vocalize his answer. Instead, he settled for thrusting his hips forward where they met with empty air.
“Is that a challenge, Captain?” Sherlock asked smugly, detecting the hint of arousal in John’s features. The blush on his face wasn’t from the beer, as it sat still untouched between them.
“Oh, John called while I was moving the car,” Greg grunted as he lifted one of the heavier boxes. “He’s going to meet us at the Yard. Told me to pass the news on that he found two more missing, and if you ever checked your mobile you’d already know that.”
“Good, that’s good.” Sherlock sighed, giving his arse a wiggle to test his level of comfort. “Really good, actually.”
“Possibly not,” Sherlock replied without looking up.
John, who had been leaning against the doorframe listening, pulled away and stepped back into the kitchen when the kettle clicked off. Rather than interrupt and ask how everyone wanted their tea, he put everything together on a tray.
"A report was filed in January, but nothing came of it. My client was told there wasn't enough information for an investigation." Sherlock reeled back the snap in his voice and managed to sound simply annoyed rather than downright livid.
“Fuck me,” Laughing softly, John swore under his breath and shook his head at the bathroom. Door. Fire pooled between his legs, and it took most of his willpower to not barge into the bathroom and share in both Sherlock’s shower and self-indulgence. “He’s going to be the death of me. But, I already knew that.”
Clothing Inspiration!
He adjusted his seatbelt and signed. Mrs Hudson had shown him pictures of her
Sherlock opened his mouth to begin answer, but John held up a single finger, begging just a moment more to speak.
“Yeah,” Rosie said, and there was something in the way she frowned that made John believe she understood just a little bit more than he’d given her credit for.
“Be my guest,” Sherlock quickly unlocked the device and handed it back over, then began sipping on his drink.
“Yeah, you said that already, and while I appreciate the apology it doesn’t change the fact that I’m still upset,” John said, pushing his key into the lock. “You didn’t know you were in danger, and I know you weren’t doing it to be a jerk. But for God’s sake… one of our rules is for you to answer your damn phone. Not because I want to be a control freak, but for moments like these.”
“Now you have it on your thumb.” Sherlock purred as he reached out and captured John’s wrist in his hands. Guiding John’s hand up to his mouth he stuck out his tongue and flicked the tip over the pad of John’s thum.
“You each have your partners.” Mycroft said just before dismissing the team, “While I would appreciate
Also, you can find me on Twitter under an account I've made specifically for shipping under @Tindo_on_AO3
The landlord, a short pudgy man by the name of Ralph Hicks, nodded once then led them through his office and into a back room where the odor of decaying boxes thankfully overpowered the reek of cabbage. Glancing around the room Sherlock notes that most of the boxes or fake plants have years worth of dust accumulated on them. However, in the corner are six boxes with relatively little dust. On top of them are a few loose ends, a random pan, or small (now dead) house plant, but it was the laptop that held his attention.
“Most men would be flattered,” Sherlock stated cautiously. John blinked through the haze of alcohol and noticed that Sherlock seemed pleased.
Tearing his eyes from Sherlock, John looked over to his friend and gave him a brief smile of thanks, then reached for his wallet to pay for the drinks. Zed waved him off and clapped him on the shoulder, his good one John noticed with a sigh of relief, with enough force that the air escaped John’s lungs in a forceful “oomf.” With one last smile, he was off, bellowing for his lady to join him again.
“From the cocaine? Or from them mistreating you yesterday?”
Sherlock obediently held out his left hand, watching with bated breath as John wrapped the padded cuff around his wrist. The black leather was striking against his pale skin, his erection bobbed eagerly at the sight, but John ignored his need in favor of securing Sherlock’s other wrist. There were no touches of silent praise when he was done. Only a stern face and rough hands.
“Did you ever give your sister that hug?” Sherlock asked sometime later when the box had been put away under their bed, and they were cuddled together in a fortress of blankets.
“Yeah, I… god, my prostate.” John managed to mutter, flapping one hand absently in the air when words failed him.
Sherlock watched John out of the corner of his eye. His partner had not been the same since the previous evening, since the encounter at Lotus. While he trusted John’s instincts, even going as far to admit that they had saved the day on more than one occasion. He couldn’t help but wonder if John was overreacting.
The driver wasted no time in getting back into his car. Driving off, he left two giggling men standing on the porch.
“Jesus,” Greg whispered then reached down to adjust himself. “That was… hot. I need to step outside, cool off. I’ll be back in a few.”
It wasn’t a question, but John nodded anyway.
“Sex? No, not sex. Well, not entirely. You
“Suck it.” He demanded in a harsh voice as he took a step forward, closing the small gap between them. “And smile for the camera.”
“Sherlock, come here,” he said softly. Placing his union jack pillow on the floor between his legs, he motioned for Sherlock to sit on it. Though confused, Sherlock did as he was asked and let out a deeply contented sigh when John’s hands found their way into his hair.
He told himself as he traversed down a narrow hall that opened up to a small room where a young lady dressed in a latex bodysuit that hugged her frame in
Sherlock stood with his arms crossed across his chest with his shoulders pressed against the wall. To a basic observer, he appeared relaxed; but John knew the look for what it was. A man coiled and ready to strike. According to Zed, Sherlock had arrived here first, which meant Sherlock had watched him enter the club.
“You froze when I said, boyfriend. It hit me that until now, this has been mostly one-sided sexually and that quite possibly all your other relationships never explored beyond the basic dom/sub role. I wanted to show you that we truly are in this together. Plus, as you are now aware, I enjoy getting fucked.” John murmured, pressing open-mouthed kisses to the underside of Sherlock’s jaw.
“You git, you bloody scared me.” John breathed, turning into the side of Sherlock’s face and kissing his cheekbone.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked as he flicked on the kitchen light.
Sherlock thought happily to himself, beyond pleases by John's first reaction.
“And you and Sherlock are…” he prodded.
"Second shelf, behind the tongues."
“Army green tactical jacket, tight, but not too tight, around the shoulders. Tight black shirt to show off these excellent muscles your captain hides under his jumpers, and if he isn’t comfortable in leather yet, black jeans. Well fitted through here,” Jasper dragged his finger along the vee of John’s groin, causing John to suck in a breath at the touch, “the way he walks, he’s packing something in there, and something tells me it isn’t a pack of rolos.”
“Try not to get hard, or I’ll have to get some ice,” John said tonelessly, pressing a hand against Sherlock’s chest and pushing him back against the bed. “Have you ever had a catheter inserted before? Shake or nod your head.”
“Listen, mate, I said I don’t know.”
Sherlock sighed and arched his back further as John’s thumb began moving in a small circle. John replaced his thumb with his middle finger, the extra reach allowing him to press lightly against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock’s whole body trembled at the first touch, then he let out a pleased cry.
“Never, John. Mr Chatterjee would kick us out faster than you could pull your dick out. I’m quite happy with this being a once in a while occasion. Our lovely attic works just fine for us and our needs. Though... Greg was an interesting touch.” Sherlock smirked, remembering the way it felt to have the D.I.’s hands in his hair.
“Is it a dungeon if it’s in the attic?” Sherlock asked coyly, arching an eyebrow at his captain.
way.”
“To start off, these are my hard limits. Things I flat out refuse to do,” John eyed Sherlock, ensuring he had the Detective's full attention. “I don’t do knife play, gunplay, bruising - save for accidental bruises that happen from time to time. Fire, scat or watersports, bloodletting, or anything that could compromise my license as a doctor. I took an oath to do no harm, and I intend to uphold  that promise.”
“That man, Walthen? He said he was going to videotape everything, send it off to Moriarty. He’d gone as far as pulling out his mobile. John, that means
“Oh fuck,” John said around a shudder, making Sherlock chuckle. John tried to pull away, but Sherlock held tight, lowering his mouth he sucked John’s thumb into his mouth.
“I’ve never had to push myself with you, or felt I wash being pushed too far,” Sherlock said, stopping in his tracks to turn and face John. “So stop fretting, and show me the Dom I know you can be,
“God,” he said a minute later when they’d both managed to stop shaking, “we’ve made a mess.”
"It is, oh god, it is. Faster, please," he begged, lifting a knuckle to his mouth and placing it between his teeth.
The memory of John’s hand wrapped around him sent a wave of goose pimples over his arms. In one night, John had made him feel more than any partner had. Clever fingers had worked out where he was the most sensitive and had exploited those nerve endings, milking out every last drop of pleasure.
“Not sure, I hadn’t thought that far. I mainly wanted to see the scene again. It’s been a few years.”
“Part of me still believes that I’m imagining this. Stripping due to a fabrication of my mind has been frowned upon in the past.”
“Tried, it was uncomfortable. Kept.. squashing everything.” Sherlock complained, giving his left leg a small jiggle. “Perhaps walking wasn’t my best idea.”
“Agreed,” Mycroft said quickly, and both John and the car came to an abrupt halt, much to the annoyance of the taxi driver, who was still half hanging out of his cab.
“Remind me to show you this music video, might give you an idea for your next outfit.” John sighed as Sherlock’s body swallowed his full length. “Jesus, you feel so good.”
Sherlock thought, his tongue seeking out John’s mouth on its own volition. Warm fingers wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer until their lips were pressed so firmly together that Sherlock was unable to move his lips. Instead, he poured all of his feelings and passion into his tongue. John’s tongue slid against his, and their tongues began a dance of their own. The muscles twitched and shivered against each other. Once John’s tongue darted into his mouth and grazed over the roof before returning to finish their dance.
Though the man looked a bit shell shocked, he picketed the money and returned to the back of the car for their second case. Heavier than the first, he nearly dropped the bag, but Sherlock hurried up to catch it.
He lost himself in thought, picturing John holding the end of a leash, leading him along a high-speed chase across London. While impractical, the idea was pleasant, and he experimented by adding different items, like a butt plug or his cock cage, to the scenario. He jumped and inhaled sharply when calloused fingers startled him out of his thoughts.
Pushing his plate back, he stood up so fast that his chair threatened to topple over. Catching it with a hand against the back, he hastily pushed it back under the table. Out of instinct, he headed straight for the bedroom until he remembered that he’d placed the key to Sherlock’s collar on his laptop. He hurried to grab it, then returned to the closed door. With a soft knock on the frame, he pushed the door open and called Sherlock’s name.
“Mm, though you might need to use your
Mycroft opened his mouth to talk, but John held up a hand dismissively.
“Yes, Captain.” Sherlock was grateful for the order. It would have been tempting to watch the audience, to read their minds, or see the lust in their eyes. But that would distract him, take his mind off the pleasure that John was trying to give him.
John drank in the sight before him. He’d seen Sherlock asleep on the sofa or lost inside the confines of his mind palace. This was his first
“Baker Street,” John called to the driver as he climbed in after Sherlock, “At least it isn’t pigs blood.”
“He’s gone then?” Sherlock asked outwardly calm, though he itched to know what had occurred between them.
“Oh, oh that’s good.” John nodded, feeling a sliver of Sherlock’s excitement. “Greg would have all the evidence, phones and that sort of thing.”
targets alive, tonight’s mission is to retrieve Sherlock Holmes, as well as any of the other missing victims. At the very least we have Robert Sisk in custody, with time I’m sure we can pressure him into talking. Please take a moment to memorize these faces, but be aware that there may be others we don’t know about.”
“If you wish, or for however long each day you want. We’ll need to be open and honest about our limits. Some days I might need a break, others you will, and we’ll both have to respect that.”
“God, you’re going to drive me crazy in this all evening,” John declared, placing the leather trousers and shirt on the bed beside his outfit.
“Password protected,” Sherlock grumbled, tearing his eyes from John to glance at Greg. “Lestrade, can we get tech support in here? Please,” he added for John’s benefit.
“Tedious,” Sherlock grumbled, but again didn’t refuse.
Once they were inside, and they’d managed to get a handle on their giggles, John pulled Sherlock into his arms. Leaning up to leave a trail of kisses along Sherlock’s jaw, John whispered, “I think we should find the bedroom,
Sherlock stares at the fresh cuts that now litter his pale skin before he carves one, last vertical gash into his arm before he drops the razor blade onto the ground and stares blankly at the needle sitting just a few feet away from him. He thinks back to what John said just two days ago. As he remembers the hateful words that fell from thinned, angry lips, his mind seems to play them on repeat along with all the other insults his brain could unhelpfully supply (which just-so-happened to be them all, he could never truly delete them no matter how hard he had tried). The memory grew stronger and stronger, and the detective tried to block out the sound by placing his hands roughly into raven curls and pulling. John's hatred only continued to reverberate against his mind palace's walls louder and louder until he hastily tied the tourniquet and forcefully grabbed the needle, poised just out of reach of his inner elbow—ready to be plunged in, with trembling and clumsy fingers. The self-loathing only mounted as he realized that John was right. He was a freak... A machine... A monster.  He had somehow ruined it all. There was no point in staying anymore. He had failed and lost the one person he had promised to protect.
“You look beautiful for someone who just entered middle age,” Jane said, resting her chin on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock leveled a mock glare at her in the mirror.
“You’re incredible. I can’t believe—” John paused to brush away the curls that had fallen on Sherlock’s face. “It’s been so long,” he said simply, and Sherlock didn’t need any more to understand all that was left unsaid.
“Oi, I’ll have you know James Bond is a pop culture icon,” John said mock sternly.
have known, Sherlock,” John interrupted. “I was made to know. That was my entire purpose, the reason I was made. I was supposed to be the ideal commander and I
“No, Sherlock,
Sherlock felt a blush creeping up his face, and silently both cursed and thanked John for his steadily developing observation skills. Instead of saying thank you, Sherlock craned his neck up to plant a soft kiss on the underside of John’s chin. John’s hand drifted up from Sherlock’s back to tangle in his hair, stroking the nape of his neck.
Sherlock took a sharp inhale as soon as the words left his mouth. He hadn’t meant to be so abrupt and tactless about it, he hadn’t meant to tell John at all, John wasn’t supposed to
John knocked lightly on his door.
They kissed hungrily and passionately for minutes, hours, days, years; until their lips were swollen and they could do nothing more than breathe each other’s air. Time felt endless in the darkness, with stars burning and falling above them.
They kept silent as they clung to each other, tears staining their clothes.
John fell silent, but Sherlock was afraid to speak. The giant lump in his throat wouldn’t have allowed him to, anyway.
A new wave of guilt washed over him, making him replay the events of the previous evening in excruciating detail. He knew John had been justified in his anger. What Sherlock had done was stupid, reckless and wholly inappropriate, no matter how noble and self sacrificing it might have seemed at first. The realisation brought no relief, only shame and more guilt, as the minutes ticked by and the inevitability of John’s death became more real.
Lestrade woke up with a slight headache and a smile on his face. Not wanting to give up on sleep just yet, he wrapped the blanket tightly around himself and burrowed deeper into the sofa cushions. He heard water running somewhere in the flat, most likely John taking a shower. Forever a soldier, up the crack of dawn.
There seemed to be the slightest hesitation in the AI’s response.
“The bad dragon wouldn’t stand a chance against you. You would outwit the dragon in less than a minute,” John assured her.
“Daddy, don’t interrupt,” Darcy scolded John, her mouth turned down in a moue.
“Ahem,” John cleared his throat and gave Sherlock a pointed look.
“No, you haven’t,” John said as he hugged Sherlock. Sherlock froze in shock, startled by John’s affectionate outburst.
Watson fell silent, and so did Sherlock. He knew he wasn’t in any real danger, whatever alarm could be raised, he had Mycroft to get him out of trouble. He was far more interested in talking to Watson a bit more. Although they had only exchanged a few sentences, the AI was fascinating. There was more to it, apart from the expected intelligence, a true personality lurking beneath the military attitude.
Sherlock’s kisses started to linger, until John caught Sherlock’s lower lip between his own and
“You’re like a cat demanding attention, you know that?” John remarked, without taking his eyes off the screen. A quick glance assured Sherlock that John wasn’t annoyed, and that the film had progressed far enough for Sherlock to have no idea who was who and doing what and why. He couldn’t really bring himself to care.
“Not exactly a
Sherlock abandoned all pretence of brushing her teeth and stared at Jane’s reflection in the mirror with hooded eyes. Jane gazed back at her, and pinched both of Sherlock’s nipples lightly at the same time as giving her earlobe a gentle nip.
The vision was gone as quickly as it appeared. Sherlock couldn’t indulge himself too much in idle fantasies, it was a dangerous train of thoughts. He climbed into the bed, making sure to leave as much space between himself and John as possible.
“I think I know a story like that,” John said, pretending to ponder it deeply. He scratched his chin thoughtfully. “I know one about a really bad and evil dragon, and about a prince and a knight who fell in love, and then defeated him. Do you know that one, Sherlock?”
Warnings: Eventual Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, I'm not British, Bullying Mentions of drug abuse, AU
The ex-army physician stares at his sister-in-law uncomprehendingly for a total of 30 seconds before he notices his vision is swimming and the odd noises he hears is coming from him in the form of sobs. He manages to choke out, “Wha—how? She was fine just a week ago!” Clara’s tears don’t stop, but her face crumbles as she replies, “John, you’ve been gone for a year! We…
Special Thanks: Anne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice!
John believes what everyone else has said.
“No, actually. I didn’t read it. I didn’t read anything.”
Under John’s scrutiny, Sherlock raises one self-conscious hand up and absentmindedly scratches his chest where Mary had shot him. John’s anger once again flares to life, but this time, it’s not aimed at the detective. John takes a deep breath and forcefully relaxes and softens his voice as he gently inquires, “Sherlock, why do you want me to go back to her?” There is a long pause and John hesitates thinking of asking again in case the detective wasn’t listening or hadn’t heard, but before John can open his mouth, the lanky man’s head drops down to his chest as he refuses to look John in the eyes as he quietly replies, “Because…you...you... chose her.”
you are. ‘
"John. I-"
If he holds John a little bit closer, John doesn't say anything. And if Sherlock showers his face with kisses he doesn't say anything to that either. The only thing John does is hold him just as tight and kiss back when the kisses happen to land on his mouth.
His short legs take him to the receptionist's desk where he quickly gets the information needed before getting in the elevator and pressing the designated button.
John, an aspiring, promising army surgeon advancing in rank in the military, is content with life. His constant need for adrenaline is being sated and he finally feels useful! After years of being belittled and beaten, he has found his place in the world as a healer and a protector for hundreds of lives daily. He had just successfully performed an amputation surgery on a soldier who was shot critically in the leg when a fellow soldier walks up and hands him a letter. Harry had been sending John letters weekly throughout his deployment for one consistent month, but gradually the letters slowed until they abruptly stopped all together. He knew Harry was getting his letters, though. Clara, Harriet’s long-term girlfriend would send correspondences in Harry’s place, but the younger Watson could tell that something was wrong. When he would question Clara, she would brush it off as nothing. For one year this persisted until John receives this current letter from Clara detailing what exactly had been going on for the past year of John’s deployment. Her letter is smudged in several places as if something wet had fallen onto the page as the ink were drying. John absently mindedly realizes she had been crying. With a sense of dread, he reads the shaky scrawl.
Notes: Here I am! I'm feeling much better! I plan to go back into chapter 11 and fix it. There was so much more I wanted to do with that but couldn't because I honestly felt so bad. I hope you like this one better. Fluff, fluff and more fluff! I look back on chapter 11 and then to this one, and it looks like a totally different writer almost. That's what a medicated induced haze can do to you kids ;) Sorry I'm posting so late... My mother is sick (with the same illness I had) so I took care of her. Oh, and before I forget, check me out on Rebecca E's blog. I did a guest writer thingy. Giver her much love! :D Here it is: http://rebeccasbook.blogspot.ca/2014/03/guest-blogger-little-help-from-friends.html
“Sounds like you’re saying, sex addict,” Sherlock said, snorting and pulling the casserole dish out of the oven. “Walla!” he announced with a flourish, placing the piping hot dish on the table over one of the potholders.
"You're everything, John. Every hope, every dream, every cliche I thought Hollywood made up. You’re kind, caring, smart, funny, and somehow you do all that without being fake. You show your faults, and help me better mine,” Sherlock whispered as his body rocked into John’s ministrations.
“Well, Zed and I used to have this act, if you will. We’d see who could perform certain knots and binding faster. I’m a bit rusty, so he’s agreed this time it will be a friendly contest. You can say no, though, and we can sit it out.”
“What about me?” John asked as he scrambled to his feet and reached for his coat.
“Wait, I think,” Sherlock said after consulting his stomach. “Though some tea sounds nice.”
“I am standing
“Just like that, god…” John’s voice carried him through the orgasm, soft fingers petting his hair as his body began to shake against the wall. “God, yes. I’m going to come all over you, mark you, claim you as mine.”
"Oh, I remember," John said around a breathy laugh, starting to move in and out slowly, "and this certainly is not how it's done.”
“Alright,” Sherlock agreed after a pregnant pause. “Once I’m no longer craving another hit, I’ll talk with someone.”
“Your last collar. Well, at least your new one. If you ever want a new one, just tell me.” John said, coming up behind Sherlock he ran his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder then reached for the box. John had opened the box when it had arrived earlier that day. He’d nearly given it to Sherlock then and there, but had decided to wait until now. Taking the circlet of mahogany leather out of the box, he held it up for Sherlock to see.
“You’re asking a lot of me, Sherlock. Not only that, you’re willing to put so much trust into me that I fear I might not live up to your expectations.” he sighed, then let one of his hands drift into Sherlock’s hair and began idly stroking. “Not only are you asking me to dominate you, but you’re also asking me to do so while maintaining the very essence of who you are. This is no easy task.”
“Truthfully, I don’t know how to dance beyond your basic shuffle. If you teach me, I’ll go out dancing with you. Especially if you wear those trousers.”
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes, a slight smirk twisting the corners of his lips into a smile. He sat up and placed a hand on John’s thigh. Looking him straight in the eyes he let out a deep breath and said, “Thank you.”
Sherlock’s lips were red and swollen when they finally climbed into the back of a cab. His hair was disheveled, and his shirt collar slightly askew. Catching sight of himself in the mirror, he scowled at John, who simply gave him an innocent shrug and reached for his buckle.
“Yes, and you’re doing a marvellous job, John,” Jesper said dismissively.
“There. You alright?” In a low tone, John questioned as he stepped around to stand directly in front of Sherlock, who gave another nod.
Looking back at the woman, John sighed and stilled his hand on the bottle. She was cute, with dusty blond hair, freckles, and curves that made his mouth water. But she was ten years, at least, his junior. While her smile promised to make their evening entertaining, John knew he would feel like rubbish the next day if he accepted her proposition.
“Jesus, John. When you put it that way. Yeah, of course I’ll be there. I want this bastard just as much as you do.” Tilting his pint up in the air, Greg downed the last half of the beer, then glanced at the bartender. “One more… if I’m going to be out with you guys all night, I might as well sleep in tomorrow.”
“Yes, I would have, though admittedly not as thoroughly as I plan on with you.” Running his fingers along the neck of his bottle, John chewed on his lip for a moment before adding, “It makes for a more enjoyable experience if you’re open about things beforehand. Sex is… intimate, bondage more so. One person might like light choking, while for another, it could cause a panic attack. One wrong move and the fun is over, and everyone goes their separate ways, embarrassed. You and I,” he waggled a finger between them, “we live together. We don’t have the luxury of going home embarrassed and never seeing each other again. Also, nineteen? Christ!”
“Oh god,” Sherlock breathed, slotting his feet between John’s, he pressed his hips firmly against John’s lower belly.
“Good god, you’re a comfort eater.”
“He’s right,” John called from the kitchen, “This is his area, The Work. I just sit by and take notes. Once in a while, I do my best to keep him out of trouble.”
“You’ve gone relaxed. Good.” John’s voice drifted over him, soft and approving. The hard edge was gone from his tone. John brushed a finger along Sherlock’s flaccid cock, “Soft too. Not as much fun when you can’t orgasm as well, is it?”
“Git,” John said fondly, leaning down and planting a kiss on Sherlock’s lips, “I’m going to go finish my sandwich. I got some junk food if you need a snack before dinner. Try not to eat it all at once.”
“Git,” Sherlock said, scoffing at John’s quip. However, the joke had helped ease him back into familiar territory. To a world where it was just him and John, running across rooftops and shooting cabbies.
“Annoying, as always.” John huffed, setting the bags down on the table. He raised his eyebrows and glanced over at Sherlock, who had moved to his chair and was plucking at his violin. “You cleaned.”
"Unsurprising,” Sherlock murmured while reaching back and lifting the hair at the base of his skull, “I remember being pulled about by my collar."
, Sherlock Holmes, was the sole desire of a man as wonderful and caring as John Watson. A single whimper escaped his lips, his eyes flashed wide, searching John’s face in the shadows for signs of disappointment, but all he saw was hunger in those dark eyes.
“May I?” John asked, motioning to the phone.
John did not break eye contact as Sherlock entered him. He stared into those silver-blue eyes, watching Sherlock’s pupils dilate as the pleasure cascaded over him. Only once Sherlock was fully seated inside of him did John react. He threw his head back against the mattress and dragged his hands over his nipples, pinching them and rolling them as he let out a long moan. Sherlock twitched inside him, and John’s hands flew to the duvet, grabbing fistfuls of the feathery bedding and holding on for dear life.
“I desire to be yours, for a rather selfish reason. My brain is a chaotic place at the best of times. Imagine it, if you would, like snowflakes. Each thought unique, but when put together, they have the capability of creating something beautiful. However, only one out of one hundred ends up being part of the same puzzle.”
“Thinking? More like fantasizing.”
“The highest compliment I can give,” Mycroft said with a dip of his head. “While I might not understand your lifestyle, the whole bondage thing, you and he work well together. He’s happier now than I’ve seen him since we were children. I believe, as long as you are by his side, I no longer have to worry about him.”
“Ta,” John said to Greg, aware that the man was doing his best to make John feel more comfortable. Then turning to Sherlock, said, “Against the wall, arms cuffed above your head. Arse out. I’ll just leave you there until we have a bit of an audience, then I’ll take our flogger out for a spin. Use your safewords tonight, red and yellow. Just because we’re here for business, not pleasure, doesn’t mean I want you pushing yourself.”
“Oh god,” John murmured, his cock twitching.
Placing the condom wrapper back in his pocket John pulled out a small satchel of lube and tore it open with his teeth. Coating himself liberally, he reached out with his slicked up fingers and pressed his index finger inside Sherlock.
John was careful not to tug the fragile material too much as he pinned the white rose to Sherlock’s shirtfront, but the flower was light and didn’t offer up much resistance. Sherlock took his time placing John’s rose on perfectly, then slipped his arm through the crook of John’s elbow.
“John can catch up; please begin,” Sherlock demanded, which earned him looks of astonishment from the two doms seated in front of him. Rolling his eyes Sherlock grips the chain in front of his collar and sighs.“John and I have an agreement. This does not rule over The Work. He might be my dom at home and in bed, but this is my area. I am allowed full authority as long as I remain respectful to my clients or those I’m working with.”
“And you’ll be there, making me orgasm.” Sherlock stated firmly, “Not him, you. Only you get to give me pleasure, John. Despite his best attempts, Moriarty does not own me, does not control my body, he does not get to touch me. You do.”
John smiled across the space between them and forced himself to breathe. Never in his life had he imagined a world where he’d be given a chance to ask Sherlock
“You’re an impressive man, John Watson,” Sherlock murmured, his body finally fully relaxed, all trace of the nightmare gone thanks to John’s care.
“Good,” John placed a hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him forward, “kiss me.”
then began tapping the pen against the paper while he thought.
“I do, but I don’t.” Sherlock shrugged, then leaned a bit more of his weight on John’s shoulder. “I’ve worked hard to establish this life with you. I refuse to let some stimulant take that away from me. But this burning desire for more isn't easily ignored.”
“What is?” John grunted then spluttered when droplets of water hit his face as he removed part of the plumbing.
“Touching either Dom is off-limits, anyone caught breaking that, or any of our rules will be escorted off the premises without question. Touching the submissives is allowed unless either dom states otherwise. Keep your cocks to yourselves, however, this is a private show. If you want some random guy sucking your cock, you’ll find that over in the far corner,” he said, pointing to a row of benches on the other side of the room. “Hands only, and again, only if the Doms allow it. They're here to give you a show, not show
“Of course, Pet.” John let go of Sherlock’s collar and let his fingers slip into Sherlock’s curls.
“Mm, like the wind,” John said, rolling his eyes when Sherlock didn’t catch on to the apparent reference to the 1939 romance movie.
“You wouldn’t dare!” Mrs. Hudson’s eyes flashed with amused mirth, clearly too taken by her discovery to be put out by Sherlock’s threat. “I’ll knock, from now on, and you two can get your own paper in the morning.”
“Admittedly, it took me far too long to guess.” Sherlock confessed, pressing his cold nose against John’s neck, “I had two unsuccessful attempts and hadn’t gained access to her e-mail yet, so I couldn’t simply reset the password. Then, I noticed that her avatar was one of the actors that belonged to the smutty fanfiction she had on her computer. A quick google search revealed the
“And you never called me in?” John asked while staring at Greg in complete shock. “Why?”
“We could, if you want, use this as the collar you wear outside. Though, I still want to get you that leather bracelet.”
“He just warned me that Moriarty might try something, that you might try to push yourself away from me.” John chose his words carefully, knowing that Sherlock would be able to see through a straight lie. Plus, it wasn’t often he got to play
“Hello, I’m a connoisseur of comfort foods,” John quipped, sticking out his hand and jovially shaking Sherlock’s, “nice to meet you.”
“We can discuss that once Moon Young and Lilianne have been found, safe or otherwise.” He said in a low tone.
Sherlock did as instructed, spreading his legs as far as he was able and closing his eyes tightly. He listened as John moved to the closet and began rummaging around in the drawers for something. He tried to guess what John was looking for, but John was being thorough. He touched and moved everything from two drawers, opening a third just to add to the noise. When all three closed at the same time (no doubt shut with a press of John’s hips) Sherlock was at a loss for what to expect.
“Plum, baby!” Zed says happily, sticking his hand over the side of the door and caressing the paint job. “Just had it done a few weeks ago. I’ve been looking for any excuse to drive her.”
“Let me see, love.” John gently reached for Sherlock’s left arm and pushed up the sleeve of his dressing-gown. He traced the line of Sherlock’s vein all the way to where it disappeared in his upper arm and smiled softly. “No injection site, see? It was just a dream.”
“This is nice,” Sherlock breathed, “I want more, but I need to stay focused.”
“So deep, so big.” John rasped, his voice coming out in a harsh quack as he inhaled deeply, filling his burning lungs with air.
Manicured nails clacked away at her keyboard while she updated John’s information. He occupied his time by reading over the poster tacked to the wall directly behind her. He noticed it was the same scrap of faded yellow paper ordained by handwritten words in red ink.
“Please, John.”
“Oh God, John. The stretch,” Sherlock sighed while teasing the head of his cock with his index finger, “feels so good.”
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock said while rolling his eyes at Greg.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dressed like what?” Sherlock asked with a soft chuckle, not bothering to hide his amusement. While not as flashy as the last outfit he’d worn to Lotus, his current ensemble had made John’s head snap up and his jaw drop. Tonight’s outfit was one he’d been most anxious to try out on John. As it turned out, dressing up for John had quickly become one of his more favourable experiments.
"Git." John half-laughed, but he handed his mobile over to Sherlock while his laugh morphed into a moan.
“Oh?” Lydia smirked, then flashed Sherlock a grin. “Well then, this should be a fun evening. I do love pushing Zed’s buttons.”
“What, what’s the matter?” John was by his side in an instant. He crouched in front of Sherlock and put his hands on his lover’s knees. “Sherlock?”
“Actually, you’ll find I can. Any time I want until Moriarty is pleased with your training. Then he’ll continue as he sees fit. Normally we don’t drug our catches, just break them the old-fashioned way. But Mr. Moriarty has special instructions for your care.”
He told himself it didn’t matter now, that those were questions for another day.
“Right,” John pursed his lips and raised a brow at the younger man, “finished? Or do you have a few more insults for my jumper?”
“Oh, by the way,” John added sternly as he closed the bathroom door behind him, “that was strike one. Two left.”
“Oh!” Zed’s amused laugh rumbled over the hushed crowd. Winking at Lydia, he gave Sherlock an appraising look, “You think your rope bunny has better endurance?”
“In another life, perhaps. But that would require me to be around people, and we both know what happens when I mingle.”
“John, whatever happens, I need you to know how much I love you,” Sherlock said as he folded himself into John’s arms, stooping low to rest his head on John’s shoulder.
“Out cold,” John announced as he bent down and withdrew a pair of handcuffs. Once he had the man’s hands secured behind his back, and he’s certain they're safe, John glanced over at Sherlock. “Be with you in a moment, love.” He promised, then began searching the man’s pockets.
"Yeah," John's voice cracked, and a dab of moisture caused his lower lash line to clump together. He cleared his throat and tried again, this time reaching his hand out for their daughter's other hand. "Yeah. Let's go say goodbye to Nana."
“I’m beginning to understand,” Sherlock said cautiously, wondering if he would have the strength to carry on in a world where John Watson’s light was extinguished.
Excitement coursed through Sherlock’s body, though he didn’t let it show. He lifted his head lazily and regarded John as if he hadn’t heard a single word. He saw the moment John decided what his punishment would be. John’s eyes hardened, and a dangerous smile toyed at the edges of his mouth.
“Run me through your plan?” John asked as London whisked past the windows.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mean it, Sherlock. This isn’t my first time. I know what I like. And as long as you’re willing, we’ll be doing this quite a lot in the future." John placed a hand on Sherlock’s thigh and gave it a reassuring squeeze.
Thirty minutes later found Sherlock and Zed in identical positions. Each of them had their wrists bound to the wall above their heads on opposite sides of the platform. Lydia and John stood behind their partners, while Elvio explained the rules to the crowd that was beginning to form around the perimeter.
“But it's
“I do believe it’s my turn to give you a blowjob,” John shrugged, then jutted his chin out towards an empty booth. “Quick, go snag it before someone else does.” Sherlock snapped back to attention. With a curt nod he began weaving himself between a cluster of people. John watched with a primal sense of satisfaction. Sherlock’s hips swayed far more than necessary, displaying the curves of his thighs. His mesh shirt showed off the vast expanse of his back. He cut a striking figure from behind; curls coiffed perfectly above his collar. John took a moment to appreciate the sight.
John closed his eyes, remembering Sherlock’s vow to bring him to his knees. He was in the middle of playing out that scene when Zed snapped his fingers inches from John’s right ear.
“Oh, good boy. You didn’t get the handle covered in slobber.” He praised, giving Sherlock’s cheek a quick caress. Turning to the row of onlookers, John slid a hand from the nape of Sherlock’s neck down to his balls, then said, “Would anyone else like to touch? Thirty seconds each, get him good and hard for me.”
“Mm, alright.” John nodded, then pulled his mobile out of his pocket to text both Greg and their driver. “Car’s on its way,” he stated, then looked over at Sherlock “You enjoyed that, a lot.”
“If we stick around, everyone will want to talk to us. I need to think.” Sherlock pulled away and eyed a door marked EXIT. “Let’s head home, you can give me that massage while I plan for tomorrow.”
"Right, can we talk about something other than my cock now? Please?" John said around a sigh, causing Sherlock to smirk.
“You want me to…” John trailed off, feeling as stunned as Sherlock appeared.
“My name… really?”
“Yes, Sir.” Nodding once John held his head high, giving Sherlock better access to his neck. “Please, collar me for our Sex Holiday,
a person,” John whispered, pulling Sherlock tight against his chest by wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s back. “My person, to care for and love. And I swear I’ll take care of you for the rest of our lives. You’re not alone anymore.”
“It’s fine. We don’t talk about him, none of us. Harry doesn’t remember him, obviously. Mum loved him until her dying day. Sometimes we swear it was a mercy that she got hit by a drunk driver. She loved us and loved life, but she wasn’t whole. You know?”
He buried his nose in John's thigh and inhaled deeply, committing to memory the notes of earth and musk. This was a moment he never wanted to forget, a slice in time that would be immortalized within the walls of his mind palace for as long as he lived.
“That,” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed instantly, staring at the mugshot, “that’s the man from Lotus.”
"You brought Lydia," Sherlock noted, nodding to the woman who had her back turned towards them. She was talking with a rather animated Elvio, and judging by the laughter knew him enough to be comfortable with him.
“Paige, please,” She sighed, offering them both a tight-lipped smile. It wasn’t unkind, but stress shattered any semblance of social niceties.
No amount of explaining that it was Mycroft he didn’t trust would satisfy his meddlesome brother.
.” Sherlock growled while rolling his hips, displaying the hard line of his erection through his trousers.
“I told him I loved him, and I meant it,” Sherlock admitted after a pregnant pause. “In response to him telling me the same. He makes me want to do better, to be better.”
“Yeah, that’s my mum, me and Harry. I’m six there, Harry seven.”
This chapter has a brief discussion of a past abusive relationship.
“Sorry, Paige. Lydia will have my head for that one.” He winced, then placed his hand on Paige’s knee, squeezing it gently in apology.
He had been worried that he wouldn’t know what to do or how to move. However, as soon as he slid inside John’s entrance, something clicked in the most primal portion of his brain. Instinct and John’s words urged him to move.
“I don’t understand, Sherlock.” John confessed in a whisper, “If you love being touched this much, why withhold it from yourself?”
“John,” Sherlock began his face suddenly unreadable as the smile that had been flickering over his face faded. Brushing the crumbs from his chin, he looked over at John, “I have a question.”
He allowed the sensation of John's fingers to remain as a distant echo, unable to banish it altogether. Not that he had wanted to, or had tried very hard. The faint tingle became a distant thrum of pleasure that pulsed through him with every beat of his heart. His own cock stiffened between his legs and it took every ounce of willpower to keep his hands from stroking himself.
"Yeah, alright," John swallowed, already feeling a bit of pressure with just this small audience. Standing behind Sherlock, he placed his hands on Sherlock's hips, pulling him towards his crotch. Their bodies lined up perfectly, and he gave a single nod before letting his hands slide from Sherlock's waist.
“Done,” John giggled.
“Hold these for me,” he said and tried not to laugh at the faint smirk on Sherlock’s face when he opened his mouth and took the two ends of the rope between his teeth.
“Is that even legal?” John asked, trying to remember if he’d ever bothered to learn any of the rules and regulations that went into sex clubs.
“Oh…” Sherlock’s eyes went wide, his mind drifting to the unopened package sitting on the kitchen table. “Should I go get it?”
“We could get a dog. I like dogs,” Sherlock suggested quietly.
John quickly pulled the keys out of his pocket and motioned Sherlock over. “Sit here,” he said, pressing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and guiding him to the bed. He bent Sherlock’s neck with firm hands, so his chin touched his chest, then slid the key into the padlock at the back of Sherlock’s neck.
"Just in case John needed some moral support, she and I can jump in. Help you out like we did at Lotus not long ago. John's always been a bit shy in public settings." Zed said while giving John a careful glance out of the corner of his eye. He clearly meant no offence and visibly relaxed when John gave a nod of agreement.
John didn’t start off slow, but he was careful to keep his movements shallow. Holding Sherlock’s hip still with his right hand, he increased his speed every dozen or so thrusts.  It wasn’t long until the sounds of their grunts were mixed with the thumping of the headboard against the wall. Once or twice John forgot to move his left hand, but Sherlock would remind him by thrusting his cock into John’s fist.
Sherlock regarded the man across from him with a pleased smile. As ever, John had gone above and beyond on his behalf. He’d been honest, open, and clearly thinking of Sherlock’s best interests as well as his own. That John was willing for more than a few scenes here and there, or periodic bouts of sex, meant the world to him. Not only that, but he was willing to put it all aside when the siren call of a case came their way. Nor was he willing to tarnish Sherlock’s reputation with Lestrade and his men.
Their cocks slid together at a fast and tortuous pace. Had they been home, Sherlock wasn’t sure the dry friction would have been enough. Out here, however, where they could be discovered at any moment, it was pure bliss. Sherlock felt himself slipping into subspace, but he fought it, wanting to feel every microsecond of this coupling.
Sherlock thought, twirling his phone around between long fingers.
The next afternoon found John and Sherlock in the fashion district of Soho. John felt completely out of sorts, being dragged from one high-end clothing store to another, but Sherlock had an air of exuberance around him. What surprised John most, though, wasn’t the shops, or the price tags (though those were rather shocking). It was the way Sherlock’s entire personality shifted when he walked inside each store.
Looking over to see Lydia straddling Zed’s hips, John flashed them a grin, then slipped a second finger inside his submissive, working the lube inside. A single man stepped up on the platform and went to stand by Sherlock’s head. He was naked, without a stitch of jewellery or embellishment to be seen. John noticed, with smug superiority, that the man’s cock was
“Two young women, who have formed a habit of frequenting the same club, only to fail to show up, and have never been heard from by their friends, both of them missing one friend’s birthday? Absolutely. Kidnapped is my first assumption. I’ll start with D.I. Lestrade, and see if any of his cold cases match their descriptions, which I will need from you. Can you have your bartenders text me a thorough description and any footage you might have of them?”
Mycroft motioned to a board behind him, on which were dozens of photos of the missing men and women the Met had compiled.
“Any time, John. Lydia will be glad to win back her bragging rights.” The two doms shook hands, then John took Sherlock by the wrist and led him out of the crowded room. They stopped just long enough to return their roses before falling into the back of a taxi, hands automatically reaching for each other.
“Nice day out,” John noted, looking up into the brilliant blue sky, now that the sunglasses let him do so without going blind.
“He’s with you?” a gruff voice said to John’s right. Pulled from his daze, John looked over and acknowledged the bulky man standing beside him, also watching Sherlock walk away. The man had an inch or two on John, and his shoulders were broader, a bodybuilder if John had ever seen one. He had a tattoo of a kraken on his bicep. There was something about the way his dark eyes tracked Sherlock, like a predator seeking his next meal, that instantly set John on edge.
“We have reason to believe that you are in very real danger, brother mine,” Mycroft said, motioning for Sherlock to get into the car. “Shut the door and I’ll explain.”
“Brilliant,” John said softly.
“Good.”
“So, can I call you my boyfriend now without you going offline?”
“Yes, Captain,” Sherlock purred, rolling his head against the nubs of John’s fingers.
“What should I call you? Do you enjoy pet names?”
Taking both of John’s hands in his, he smiled down at his companion. “I never said anything yesterday, but I feel I should now. Perhaps the moment isn’t right for most couples, but watching you slip back into being my assistant shows me how lucky I am to have you. John Watson, I love you too.”
“I’d like to make love to you. To show you how it should be, between two people who love each other. Like what you did for me the other day. But if last night was too much…”
“Actually, you can scratch Zed off that list, John. He was with Lestrade and Moon Young when her mother visited her in the hospital last night.” Mycroft said.
“But I came with you last week, and I’m busy.” He harrumphed, crossing his arms, smearing pig saliva across his shirt front. He glared at John as if it were his fault he would now have to throw this shirt out, but John simply laughed.
“You and your gingers,” Elvio said fondly, rolling his eyes. “He only remembers a man if he’s ginger. Surprised he went with me.”
“Is that a compliment?” John asked while cocking his head to the side.
“Yes, he is aware. But what
“Yeah, you don’t have to ask me twice,” John husked out while gripping Sherlock’s arse with both hands. With one quick tug, he effortlessly pulled Sherlock forward on his lap, slotting their crotches and stomachs together. “When we get home later, I’m going to completely undress you, lay you on our bed, and finally make love to you. I’m going to show you how sex between two people who love each other should feel. Just us,” he whispers while reaching up and stroking a finger along Sherlock’s collar, “no collars, no bondage, no doms. Just Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, and what God gave us naturally.”
I have some TW coming for chapter 12. Just wanted to give everyone a heads up to watch the tags. I will update them as things progress. If you have any major squicks please feel free to email me (email in profile) and I can let you know what's going to happen and what parts of the story to avoid. Nothing will be utterly terrible, John will, of course, safe the day. But I just don't want to be the reason anyone is uncomfortable.
Arriving at the club two hours before opening, John and Sherlock were ushered in through a back door. Zed was already waiting inside, sat at one of the high top tables with a root beer in hand. He looked up when the door opened and all but dropped the drink in his hand.
John looked from his phone and smiled at his boss Sarah, as she crossed the room and sat down across from him. She winced, then adjusted her position and placed a hand on her very pregnant stomach, “I can’t wait for these two to stop kicking my organs.”
“I did, far more than I imagined I would.”
With one last tug at his cuffs, he squared his shoulders and headed towards the narrow set of stairs that led to a single dark red door with the words “Lotus” inscribed in scarlet cursive lettering. Under the name was the silhouette of not the flower, but a female form sitting transcended in the lotus position.
“Ungrateful girl just up and left,” the landlord explained to Lestrade while Sherlock stood back, his hands clasped behind his back and a neutral expression on his face. They’d been listening to the landlord go off on a tangent about his former tenant for rice minutes now. Four and a half minutes too long in Sherlock's opinion. He'd learned everything he needed to know about the slum lord in the first twenty-five seconds after meeting him.
"Elvio, would it be possible to get some cuffs on the wall?" Sherlock asked, oblivious to John's unease as he continued to inspect the space. The wall was already covered in brackets and screw holes, indicating that equipment had come and gone with ease, and altering it now would take little to no time.
“Hey,” John whispered, bumping their shoulders together, “How are you feeling, honestly?”
of a rain gutter helped mask his footsteps on the cobblestone. You didn’t make noise when you approached. The Snake didn’t like that, it spooked him. He would know you were there, he’d know the second you entered his domain, noise was not necessary. Noise brought the cops, and no one wanted that. Before the shape got close enough to morph from blob to humanoid, a voice rang out, shattering the damp still air.
“Put him in leather. Two zips going up the legs to his hips. No buttons.” Sherlock crossed his legs and closed his eyes, making it obvious he was
“Fuck off,” Sherlock thrust the milk against John’s chest then stepped out of his reach. Sherlock’s middle finger was the only response he gave to the peals of laughter that followed him down the hall as he stalked off toward their bedroom.
Baker Street was dark when Sherlock arrived home. Either John
“Can I see your neck, love? It was badly bruised last night. Does it hurt much today?”
“Interesting,” Mycroft breathed, glancing at  John as if seeing the soldier for the first time.
“Wrists,” John demanded gruffly, walking to the edge and holding out one hand.
See Sherlock just didn't answer because he was moving boxes!
"Oh? You don't want to keep these stockings on me?" Sherlock teased, wiggling his arse against John's palms.
“Listen, mate, I know my way around the bedroom. Just ‘cause you’ve gone and gotten some ‘Three Continents Watson’ title, doesn’t mean I can’t wow my partners.”
“Six months ago,” John announced, breaking her gaze and turning to look at Sherlock, “that was when the cabbie was running loose on the city. Think that had anything to do with this? Maybe she ended up in his cab?”
“What did you come up with?” Sherlock asked excitedly while sitting and folding the jumper on his lap.
“The itch for more is there, like a mosquito bite that won't be soothed, but I can ignore it. Well, not ignore it. Shut it down. One look at John, and the life we’ve built, and my desire to not muck it up becomes more powerful than the need for my next hit. I can’t promise it will continue to be this easy, but for now, it is manageable.”
"Mister Hicks," Sherlock snarled, pushing past Greg and stepping into the pudgy man's personal space. “The woman you are speaking so poorly of is considered murdered or kidnapped. While it is obvious all you cared about was her money, I highly suggest you shut your mouth before this fine police officer here,” he motioned to Greg, “comes to the conclusion that
Two...
No one stepped up for several seconds, but then John felt movement at his elbow. Snapping his eyes open he nearly expected to see Jim Moriarty standing beside them, and was pleasantly surprised to find it was Greg.
I'm doing this without a beta :) So if you notice any Americanisms or a place where a word is missing please let me know. I'm being careful, but shit happens.
“I hope so because if what you say is true, we have more than a simple case of kidnapping. Two girls missing is a coincidence, four missing in six months, I’m calling something bigger.” John looked up from his mobile and gave the couple a grim look. “If I were you, I’d keep this quiet but be wary of newcomers, you too, Zed.”
He thought, pushing the door open to unleash the thump of music, the base matching the rhythm of his heart.
“No, Sir,” Sherlock answered, as he quickly realized by the way John’s lips twisted and pursed that he’d said the wrong thing. Thinking furiously, he realized that John had been giving him a chance to apologize. John’s hand darted between Sherlock’s legs in a blur of movement. His hands tightened around Sherlock’s cock and balls enough to cause pressure but not enough to hurt. Sherlock saw it for what it was, a warning, so he quickly added, “I’m sorry, sir?”
“If I could, I’d have you on this table right now.” John leaned forward and gripped Sherlock’s chin between his thumb and index finger. “I’m so hard right now,” he growled just loud enough that only Sherlock would be able to hear, “Is that what you want? The whole room to see how wild my Sub makes me?”
Reaching for it with the intent of putting it back on, he paused, thinking better of it. He’d already made a mess while cooking out of his earlier outfit (pyjamas, thankfully), now dressed in a nice shirt and slacks, he didn’t want to transfer the mess on the pinny to his clothes. Balling it up, careful to roll the worst of the mess into the center of the bundle, he deposited it into the laundry in the bathroom.
“Lestrade, he was the D.I.” John murmured, the pieces of the puzzle slotting into place, “and that’s why you shut me down at Angelo’s. It was too soon.”
Relief washed over Sherlock. He gave John a grateful smile before getting off the sofa.
"Uhhh..." Lestrade says, scrambling to wrap his head around the news, though the crooked grin on his face showed he wasn't alarmed by the news.
Sherlock started to scoff but John cut him off by placing a finger over his lips.
“I like how you say my name, soft, almost with an
“John please,” Sherlock whined, “Please, I need more.”
"Leftover pizza, eaten cold for breakfast the next day," John suggested with a shrug.
“Some things never change,” Greg muttered with a small smile as he followed the younger man to his car.
I had everything saved as drafts, and when I went to post today's chapter (Which should have been chapter 17) I accidentally posted 18 instead.
“He seemed a bit chuffed that I asked him to help. He’ll be here within the hour.”
"So that means this is our only option," John said quietly.
“We have two options, out of many. One better than the other,” John finally said while continuing to doodle small circles along the edges of the page. “Common dynamics are as follows” Dominant/Submissive, Dominant/Slave, with the more extreme cases using Master instead of Dominant.”
Sherlock set about filling the kettle and selecting the good tea his mother had sent them on her last trip to China. A pleased smile crept over his face while he worked, and he found himself looking forward to their next scene.
"Well, now it's your turn to win. Ready?" Sherlock gave him a half shrug but didn't resist when John pulled him to his feet. He teetered on his heels and nearly fell forward. John caught him and quickly sat him back down while he pulled off Sherlock’s shoes. Leaving them, in favour of keeping his left hand free for his gun, John helped Sherlock back up, then together they walked through the door into the hall. John used the chaos still raging in the building to their advantage. Sherlock, it seemed, was quite content to hold John’s hand as they made their way down the concrete hallway towards Greg’s worried face.
“Nothing happened, he said nothing, and I bored him to death,” John answered, his eyes twinkling with smug satisfaction. “As soon as you shut your door, he turned to me and just
John watched as Sherlock's eyes slipped from his and onto the syringe by the doctor's feet. His heart broke as he saw Sherlock's eyes flutter shut just as the van sped off, the door closing as the tyres screech.
“You just want to see me get so fat I can’t run off and leave you behind,” Sherlock complained, even as he tore the package open and shoved a biscuit into his mouth.
"Three 'goods' in a row," John said cautiously. "Are you sure?"
Once he’d tidied his room to his satisfaction, Sherlock pulled the chair he kept in his bedroom over to the window. He moved John’s clothes to the top of the dresser and sat. Propping his elbow on the windowsill, he glanced out at the alley behind the flat.
“Good,” John said, a bit more roughly than called for, but his hand loosened, if only fractionally.
John thought, flipping his collar up against the rain, he hurried towards the shop entrance, the distance too short to warrant the use of his umbrella.
“First three orgasms,” Sherlock said, raising the stakes a bit. “We need to draw this out. John could have me on the floor in a puddle of my own come within minutes.”
“Sherlock,” he called, loosening his tie and peering down the hall to where Sherlock sat in his armchair, hunched over his laptop.
A soul-wrenching sob worked its way out of Sherlock’s throat. John felt Sherlock’s tears soaking into his shirt as his lover shook against him. Fingernails dug into John’s skin through his shirt as Sherlock clung to him.
“Sh!” John said around a laugh as he withdrew his finger, “or Mrs Hudson will have to spend her breakfast listening to the two of us.”
“Did I say that, Sir? Or are you putting words in my mouth to justify punishing me?” Sherlock leaned forward over the table and added in a low whisper, “You can put something else in my mouth if you’d like.” Sherlock laughed when John responded by shutting his mouth so fast his teeth came together with an audible click.
Sherlock nodded once to acknowledge the amendment, then closed his eyes against the darkness. John hummed his approval, then shifted in the chair, presumably facing the laptop once more.
“Moriarty was in it. He was here, in our flat.”
He realized, tapping the tips of his fingers against the space just below his nose. Playing back the man’s image, he focused on the man’s outfit, searching for a rose of any colour, though the flower eluded him.
John drummed the fingers of his left hand against the table and closed his eyes. He was just opening his mouth for another bite when Sherlock’s voice echoed throughout his mind.
"It's so tight," Sherlock whispered, feeling John's warm heat convulsing around him. Tight muscles contracted as if their only goal was to swallow him whole, starting with his cock.
to see
“Hello, Sir,” a cheery voice said, cutting John off from his train of thought. He looked up from the table and blinked into the face of the stranger. If John had to guess, judging by her appearance, the woman standing beside him was hardly old enough to be called an adult.
Thankfully for Sherlock, that seemed to satisfy John’s scruples. With a single exhale John relaxed and leaned in close. His lips sought out Sherlock’s and while the touch was soft, there was no hesitation or doubt in the way he kissed. Every movement was deliberate and well thought out. A dance whose sole purpose was to leave Sherlock gasping for breath as he writhed beneath John’s attention. While John’s mouth worked earnestly to suck all the oxygen out of Sherlock’s lungs, John’s right hand ghosted along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs. Each touch, each soft bite on the lip drew gasps and shivers from Sherlock’s body. It was only then, under John’s affections, that Sherlock realized how upset he’d been the night before. Flashes of feelings and words said to him came back to the forefront of his memory. But instead of taking seed and spreading route in his mind, John chased every trace of fear and discomfort from Sherlock’s body, replacing every negative feeling with genuine love.
He thought, then gathered up his willpower and pushed aside the desire to curl up at John's feet and beg to be pet.
“Yippie ki-yay, mother fucker?” John asked around a full belly laugh. People were missing; he knew that and understood the severity of the situation. But still, he couldn’t deny that it was terrific to have Zed back in his life. “Now who’s quoting cheesy movies, short-arse.”
“When you win, we’ll celebrate in the alley behind the flat. Keep your core tight, and focus on me. The crowd will pick sides, and I want them to pick yours. However, they’re loyal to Zed and Lydia.”
“My arse is quite edible, thank you very much.” Sherlock retorted as he headed for the door, dragging John with him by the chain.
“If that’s what it takes, and you’re willing, I wouldn’t mind trotting you around the shops in a leash.”
“You should take him here sometime,” Elvio said, motioning to a discrete black door set just to the left of the bar. It was marked
John turned and gave his boyfriend a single nod of understanding. They held each other’s gaze for an intense moment, their eyes saying what words could not. They both knew how hard moments like this were on each other, and they appreciated the level of care and companionship that went into thinking of the other’s needs. With a dip of his head and a tired smile, John closed the door and stripped down to his pants. He could shower and change in the morning. Grabbing his mobile, he set a reminder to call the clinic and ask that he not be put on the backup schedule for the week, then he plugged in his phone and turned off the lights.
(See the end of the chapter for
The flowers had been the owner Zed’s way of creating a visual link to his guest’s needs and desires while within his walls. If you were caught coming onto anyone with a purple rose, you would be kicked out immediately without being given a chance to explain yourself. Likewise, anyone with a black rose had to wait until a guest with a red rose approached them; that way, the submissives were allowed to feel safe. People wearing white were in their own class. Typically they were here as a bonded couple, enjoying a night out and left alone by most.
Heading back downstairs, he opened the fridge and grimaced. They’d have to go shopping for a few things later. Which, in his opinion, was a shame. Nothing sounded more appealing than spending the entire weekend in bed, preferably in a specific state of undress, with Sherlock. Selecting a few unspoiled items from the fridge, he placed them on the counter and considered what to make. It could make a quiche, but he wasn’t in the mood to wait for ages for it to bake.
“Pitty. Can anyone verify her age?” Sherlock asked, getting up and pacing around the room.
legal or otherwise, to help put an end to this.
“I’m fine, John. I’d much prefer to eat
“I know the memory brings you no small amount of discomfort, and I’m sorry for the pain you endured. But, John,” Sherlock let go of the tags and leaned forward on his chair. He placed the flat of his palm over John’s shoulder, just above the scar that remained as a painful reminder. “I admit that I am thankful, even if that makes me a selfish man. Without the events of our past, it is safe to say neither of us would be standing here today.”
“Hardly, Zed and Lydia have been at this long enough to know how to please each other. I’ve seen Zed sub out more than once, and it will take me a while to get over having a crowd watch me fuck you.”
John’s first real display of possessiveness rushed over Sherlock. He felt dizzy, overcome by the power of his Dom; from the knowledge that
. He braced himself, expecting to be shoved or kicked back to the floor. Instead, the man yanked on the hood, pulling some of Sherlock’s hair with it, causing him to cry out in pain. He couldn’t bring himself to open his eyes. He couldn’t look at the monster standing in front of him. Not when he’d just ruined everything. The man released his collar causing Sherlock to careen forward, slumping against his legs with his head pressed into his captor’s crotch.
“I’ll have Mycroft collaborate with him,” Sherlock said, pulling his phone up to his ear. “With any luck, we’ll be able to cut off the head of this snake before too long.”
It was full of pictures and handwritten letters. John reached inside and drew out a small stack of photographs, fingering the older photos’ frayed edges, now yellowed from age.
biscuits and mince pies,” John corrected with a grin as he crossed the short space between the fridge and where Sherlock sat. Wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, he was careful not to disturb the equipment on the table while stealing a quick cuddle.
“Robin’s egg blue, to bring out his eyes, and lighten his features.” Jesper nodded, pleased with Sherlock’s choice. “You would have made an excellent tailor.”
Smirking, Sherlock stepped away from the door and glanced at himself in the mirror. Seeing his collar in his reflection, he was about to ask John to remove it when a familiar voice drifted up the stairs.
“When we order Angelo’s, you somehow managed to get me to agree to give you my garlic bread. You steal the last bit of my sauce when we order a curry. Generally, you enjoy carbs, anything loaded with butter, deep-fried, and rich sauces. Comfort food, fatty foods,” John stopped mid-stride, recalling the meal Sherlock had cooked earlier in the week.
“You could,” Sherlock said while focusing hard on the table, too scared to look at John while he posed his suggestion, “move your wardrobe downstairs. Or I can make room in mine.”
Knowing their plan required backup, and wanting that backup to be friends as well as a mix of Mycroft’s agents, John sent Greg a text, asking him for one more favour.
“I could get used to you as my rope bunny,” he said aloud.
Then leaned against the table.
Tears flowed out of him like hot acid. His body convulsed as the sobs ripped through him, battering him around like a lifeboat floating on a stormy sea. His fits of upheaval cause his face to twitch against his captor, and he could feel the man’s cock hardening beneath his cheek. It doesn’t take his powers of deduction to know what’s coming next. It wouldn’t be the first time he’d traded sexual favours for a hit, but this would be the first time he did so unwillingly.
John breathes out calmly and slowly before extending his hand to give her back the memory stick containing her classified information. She turns wide, fearful eyes on John.
him. My God...how could he have been so blind?
My roomate, Kay, listened to this chapter and at the end, she stated, "Why does it have to be an odd number (this is technically chapter 7)?! Why can't it be an even number?! Even numbers are divisable by 2 and it takes to people to make love!!!" Needless to say, she was advocating for the love to be known from the beginning. She did not succeed XD.
More notes at the end of Chapter.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
"John. I-"
Sherlock reads the sadness and regret John displays, but most of all, there is no falsehood. John means everything he says and he is desperately hoping that Sherlock will see that. The amateur detective’s heart had felt broken when his soulmate had denied their connection, but he now he sees what John was trying to do. John was only trying to protect Sherlock from someone the blogger perceived as a threat. With all of this in mind Sherlock makes a decision.
When Sherlock finally opens his eyes, the first thing he sees is a sleeping John Watson laying across the hospital bed at an awkward angle with one hand clutching tightly to his own. At a first glance, Sherlock could tell that John hadn't been sleeping well or left his side much at all. A small smile spreads across the detective’s face as he looks at his caring doctor. The next thing Sherlock notices is the striking red thread connecting himself to the man in front of him. His smile broadens and brightens due to the proof burning brightly between the two hands.
The irritable sleuth took his frustrations out on the Yarders by the usual comments of '
"No. You don't get to speak yet. Give me a moment."
John then scrambles up staring wide eyed at his detective as he stutters out, "But...but, what if we were to get married? Would that ever be something that you would want?"
The blogger cautiously reaches for the detective’s angular face until he can gently lay his palm on Sherlock’s cheek and he tenderly turns the genius’ head. Bright verdigris eyes stare deeply into dark blue as John tries to show the young man the he is genuinely penitent for his sins as he bares his heart, “Sherlock, love, you are not a freak. I did not mean it when I said that you were. I was mad. I wasn’t even mad at you. I let my anger accumulate from the divorce and finding out that the child I thought was mine, wasn’t. I had been letting it build and build and build until it burst out from me. Still, that’s no excuse. I shouldn’t have said what I did. You are the last person who deserved what I did to you. Especially after all that you have done for me. You have saved me more times then I will ever know. You fixed me when I came back from Afghanistan a broken army doctor with a busted shoulder and a psychosomatic limp. Yes, your fall hurt me. I was alive, but I wasn’t living during those two years that you were gone, but when you came back, I could finally
Unfortunately, though, he begins to remember what he had said and done just hours previously. He can feel his face heat traitorously and tighten in embarrassment. Sherlock, the ever dignified and proud man, had behaved so childishly and immaturely in front of his beloved.  In order to avoid the inevitable discussion of feelings, and further embarrassment. Sherlock tries to subtly make his way out of the bed. At that moment his wound decides to cause him some pain and his treturous body betrays him,yet again, as he lets out an involuntary moan of discomfort. The man before him jerks awake as if denying that he had been previously asleep this entire time. John blinks blurred eyes up at the agitated sleuth.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Sherlock began shutting himself down. He hated how vulnerable their insults made him so he let go of the loving little boy, that was full of hope, and became the cold hearted detective we know today. He would say scathing, bitter comments against his cruel classmates but his comments were always the truth. He never lied about what he saw. He would uncover affairs, blatant lies, and dark secrets. It was no wonder that the damaging words hurled Sherlock’s way grew and became an amusing pastime for the cruel bullies. It became a game of, “Let’s see who could belittle the freak the most today!”
"I can't believe he even has a mate!" Anderson chortles, "Why anyone would want him is beyond me. His mate must be a desperate, poor sod to be in a relationship with him. Anyone can see that Sherlock's just a sociopath and a
Time elapses and several cups of tea have been consumed. During the two hours, Sherlock has pretty much solved the case and was working on finalizing all the details in his mind, that is until Lestrade stands to collect his coat, which had been discarded after the first hour, and walks over to Sherlock and takes his hand saying, "I'm glad you are alright, mate." Sherlock nods, gives a small smile, before shaking the hand clutching at his own. Lestrade then goes over to the door and inclines his head, silently asking if John would follow him down. Without waiting for confirmation, Lestrade heads down the stairs to await at the bottom for the loyal blogger. A minute later both DI and Doctor stand at the bottom of the staircase, in front of the door.
